In Old-Fnsiiioned Motlicr, By REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D. Samuel T., 2, 19: "Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly, sacrifice." The stories of Deborah land Abigail ar very apt to discourage a woman's soul- She says within herself: "It is impossi ble that I ever achieve any such grandeur of character, and I don't mean to try;" as though a child should refuse to play the eight notes because he cannot execute a "William Tell." Tills Hannah, of Ihe text differs from the persons I have just named. She was an ordinary woman, with ordinary intellectual capa city, placed in ordinary circumstances, and yet, by extraordinary piety, stand ing out before all the ages to come, the model Christian mother. Hannah the wife of Elkaniah, who was a person , very much like herself— unromantic and plain, never having fought a battle or been the subject of a marvellous escape. Neither of them would have heen called a genius. Just what you and I might be; that was Elkanah and Hannah. The brightest time In all the history of that family was the birth of Samuel. Al though no star ran along the heavens pointing down to his birth place, I think: the angels of God stooped at the coming of so wonderful a prophet. As Samuel had heen given in answer to prayer, KI- kanah and a.ll his family, save Hannah, started up to Shiloh to offer sacrifices of thanksgiving. Tlie cradle where the child slept was altar enough for Han nah's grateful heart; but when the boy. was old enough she took him to Shiloh, and took three bullocks and an ephah of flour and a bottle of wine, and made of fer of sacrifice unto tlie Lord, and there, according to a previous vow, site left him; for there he was to stay all the days of lfls life, and minister in the sanc tuary. Years rolled on; and every year Hannah made with her own hand a garment for Samuel, and took it over to him. The lad would have got along well without that garment, for I suppose he was well clad by the ministry of the temple; hut Hannah could not he con tented unless she was all the time do ing something for her darling boy. "Moreover his mother made him a little ooal, and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her hus band to offer the yearly sacrifice." Hannah stands before you, then, la- day, in the first place, as an industrious mother. There was no need that she work. Eikauah, her husband, was far from poor. He belonged to a distin guished family; for the Bible tells us that lie was the son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Toliu, the son of Zuph. "Who were they?" you say. I do not know; but they were distin guished people, no doubt, or their names would not have heen mentioned. Han nah might have seated herself iu her family, and, with folded arms, and dis hevelled hair, read novels, from year to year, if there had been any to read; but when I see her making that garment and taking it over to Samuel, I know, that she is industrious from principle as well as from pleasure. God would not have a mother become a drudge or a slave; he would have her employ ail the helps possible in this day in the rearing of her children. But Hannah ought never to he ashamed to he found making a coat for Sam uel. Most mothers reed no counsel In this direction. The wrinkles on their brow, the pallor on their cheek, ths thimble - mark on their finger, attest that they are faithful in their maternal duties. The bloom ana brightness and vivacity of girlhood have given place to the grander dignity and usefulness and industry of mothertuxxL i But there iu a heathenish idea gettiiffl abroad hi some of the families of Am ericans; 'Jo-re are mothers v.- ho banisu thoiw-iv.-fc fr..ni SIj:- tluee-fourths "j to- ir mui v: uul . u tlrny prove il.-.-.-.i.. i:: "r \ Tiiev ar.i ignorant of v.pm tl'"» rh!,,"u v.ar. and what a cri1;. vh-'t < iu'r-lP it r< a i. 'J liev t-i. i.siblt- pt-rs--:::- th'ft youns im- monris. and allow U: a. to be iiixk'i' in fluences which niay c-nupD th'Ji' bud- Its, or taint th--ir purity, "f sjioll tlu-ii manner?, or destroy th'-jr s -eis. l the ;iv.l;\vqrd rut. of the child's coat you know hi? iroihrr did not make it. t»ut fioin und- r flaming chundciiv T-, and ""f from imported (ai'iuts, and noun ilc' granite .stairs, there i? coming -1 Mial crowd of children -in this day. utirialu- cd. F.iiucy. incniipetent f "r -rb fDe juueti oal duties of life, ready to of cauiriit in the first whirl of crtm" and p'-.isu ilily. Indolent and unftiithful mothers w.ll make Indolent and unfaithful children- You cannot expect n-.-atnc-?? and order in any house where the daughters see noth ing- but sifilterlines- and upside- dnwu- nativen&ss; in their parents. E<-1 l'"- inother he idle, and most certainly the child will Ri ow up Idle. Who are the in dustrious men In our occupations and professions? Who are tln-y managing the merchandise of the world, building the walls, tinning the roofs, weaving the carpi -Is. making the laws governing the nations, making the earth to quake and heave and roar and rattle with the tread of gigantic enterprises? Who are they? Fur the most part, they descend ed fro/11 industrious mothers, who. In the old homestead, used to spin their own yarn and weave their own carpets, and plait their own doormats, and flag their own chairs, and do their own work. The stalwart men and the Influential women of this day, ninety-nine out of a hundred of them, came from such on illustrious aticestrv of hard knuckles and homespun , And who arc- till-so people in society, light bus froth, blown every whither of temptation and fashion — the peddlers of j filthy stories, the dancing-Jacks of poll- ; tlcaJ parties, the scum of society, the j tavern-lounging, stoic infesting, the J men of low wink, and filthy chuckle, and brass breast-pin, and rotten nssnria- ll4ns? . Foe the most part they came ' from the mothers, idle and disgusting, . the scandal-mongers of society, going j from house to house, attending to every- i body's business hut their own; believing ' In Witches and ghosts, and horse-shoes ; to keep the devil out of the churn, and by a godless life setting their children ' on the very verge of hell. The mothers of Samuel Johnson, and of Alfred the Great, and Of Isaac. Newton, of St. Augustine, and of Richard Cecil, and of 1'rcBideiit Edwards, for the most part , \ycre industrious, hard -working mothers. Now. while I congratulate all Christian j mothers upon the wealth and the i modern science which may afford them i ell kinds of help, let me say that every ' mother ought to he observant of her j children's walk, hc-r children's behavior, ' lier children's food, her children's hooks, her children's companionships. How- j ever rnuc.li help Hannah may have, J i think she ought every year, at least, I make one garment for Samuel. The j Lord have mercy on the man who is so j unfortunate as to have had a lazy ! mother! I Again: Hannah stands before you to- ! day as an intelligent mother. From the | vvay In which she talked In this chapter, i and from the way she managed this hoy, i You know-she was intelligent. There are J no pej-sons in a community who need to be so wise and well-informed as j mothers. O, this wdrk of cultivating j children for this world and the next. | This child is timid, and it must be roused up and pushed out into activities. This child is forward, and he must be held back and tamed down into modesty and politeness. - Rewards for one, punish ments for another. That which will make George tvili ruin John. The rod is accessary in one case, while a frown of I displeasure is more than enough In ano- ! tiler. Whipping and a dark closet do riot exhaust all the rounds of domestic discipline. There have been children ! who have grown up and gone to glory without ever having had their cars I boxed. O, how much care and lutelti- I £ence is necessary for the rearing of ! children! Hut in this day, when there I are so many books on tills subject, no I parent is excusable in being ignorant of I the best mode of bringing up a child. If i parents knew more of dietetics, there j would not be so many dyspeptic stem- j achs and weak nerves and inactive j Jlvers among children. If parents knew , more of physiology, there would not he ! so many curved spines and cramped chests and inflamed throats and diseased ! lungs as there are among children. If I parents know more of art, and were in sympathy with all that is beautiful, there ! would not be so many children coming , out In the world with boorish proclivi ties. If parents knew more of Christ, and practised 'more of his religion, there would not be so many little feet already (starting on the wrong road, and all Around ub voices of riot and blasphemy would not come up with such ecstacy of Infernal triumph. The eaglets in the eyrie have no advantage over the eag lets of & thousand years ngo; the kids JLave no superior way of climbing up the rocks than the old goals taught them budreds of years ago; the whelps know jio more now than "did the whelps of jiges ago— they are Caught no more by the lions of the desert; but it is a shame that in this day. when there are so many opportunities of -Improving ourselves In the best manner of culturir.g -children, that so often there Is no more advance- ; meat In thlS respect than there has been i among- the kids and the eaglets and the yhelps. . ... - To be Continued), v;-. _ 