AT HOME AND ABROAD. Parlia- mentary. A discussion in which some important facts were stated, but which, never theless, did not eventuate in much, was that that took place in the House on Thursday relative to the practice of sweating on Government contracts. It was alleged that not only were contracts that had been taken at extremely low rates sublet on terms by which it was impossible to make a living, but that the men so reduced wero fur ther obliged by the contractors to buy their groceries and supplies in their stores, or to board in shanties which they had erected. A.n instance or two was even given in which the state of things complained of had still been aggravated. Nothing, however, was done or deter mined in the matter. In resuming the debate on the Bill for the resumption of lands, Mr. Molesworth made a statement, borrowed from another colony where it had been worn threadbare, and which, in any case, was not pertinent. Ho pointed to the resumption of the Cheviot Estate by Mr. Seddon's Government in New Zealand as a failure. In tho first place, the Seddon Government had more than once shown that the pur chase was not a failure ; in the second, the purchase was not made under the Act for resumption, but in consequence of an offer of the proprietors to sell the proporty for the sum for which it was assessed under the Land Tax Act. The Act for the resumption of lands in New Zealand has since been passed, and ac cording to reliable accounts seems to be working ad mirably. Nothing else, in fact, unless we are to have land nationalisation or some extravagance of the kind, can hinder the formation in this country of a landlord Hystom such as that which has in the old country workod so many evils. Without it, too, the settlement, and consequently tho progress, of tho colony must bo seriously retarded. Indeed, a statement made by tho Ministor for Lands in moving the second reading of l;ho Bill is in itsolf conclusive. The colony, he said, had sold 60,000,000 acroa of land, which wero in the hands of 00,000 holders, but of thatnumbor there were probably undor 50,000 actual settlers. Tho by -elections begin to tell their Suggestive tale. Rudioal members have been re Straws. turned respectively for the Frome division of Somersetshire and for Wick, dofeating in the ouo case tho Conservative, and in tho other tho Unionist candidate, namely, Lord Thynne and Mr. Smith. Tho new members are Messrs. J. E. Barlow and T. O. H. Hoddorwiok. Tho country evidently bogins to perceive the innermost moaning of Sir M.'ichaol Hicks-Beach's Budget pro posals. Writers are occasionally, accountable Room for for curio us statements. Saturday's Improve- Herald, for example, in a leader, niQllt. quotes a lt recent writer,' as saying that ' the Churohes have never in itiated social reforms.' Our contemporary makes excuses for tho Churches — which, moreover, he defends against so extreme an accusation. Where the Oath olio Church is concerned, meantime, the charge is absurd. Who but she reformed the whole socinl condition of the world ? First in tho old pagan days ; again in tho days of the barbarian conquerors, and since then, in more particular oases, over and over again. On tho wholo, however, wo do not see in this article much to find fault with. Wore the writer, however, acquainted with the Pope's Enoyolioal on labour or othor pronouncements of His Holiness, he might bo ablo to deal more lucidly and completely with tho subjoct discussed by him. Lord DufHerin resigns the embassy at An Obscure Paris to take up tho duty of attending Remark, tho House of Lords, and possibly of superintending the publication of a book ho has written, or partly written. In this work ho is snid to luivo had tho assistance of his wife, as in tho first book published by him, that narrating his arotio oxporionoos, ho was said to have tho assistance of his mother. His Lordship, in taking farewell of the British Chamber of Commerce tho other day, is reported as saying that diplomacy offered tho best moans for devising a restraining influence upon tho armaments of Europe. Wo do not know whother the speaker meant any allusion to the question of inter national arbitration that has of late been prominent. Ne sulor tdtra crepidam, however. Possibly he spoke out boldly for his own particular calling. To those less interested it might appear that diplomacy in this matter had been a grievous failure. The Nihilists comfort the Czar by Foreign assuring him that they have allowed Summary, him to be peacefully crowned only in order to avoid giving him, in outrage, a pretext for refusing them reforms. The implied demand possibly precedes renewed activity. — Peaceful prospects in the Transvaal are that German engineers are fortifying Pretoria ; that Oom Paul has given an order for 10,000 Martini-Henry rifles, each as good as two in the hands of a Boer sharpshooter, and that a movement has been set on foot to harass British trade interests by extending railway traffic in the direction of Delagoa Bay. — Sir Nicholas O' Conor, the British Ambassador, has been honoured above all other Ambassadors, at St. Petersburg, by being entertained, with Lady O' Conor, at dinner by the Czar and Czarina. This is possibly a set-off against His Majesty's declaration the other day to a French statesman that ;; he was firm in his support of the policy of France towards Egypt. — The Emperor William had apparently got the better of his Bulks. His yacht, the Meteor, took part after all last week in the London Yacht Club's matches, easily defeating the Prince of Wales' yacht Britannia. — A New York vessel has succeeded in landing in Cuba ammunition and [dynamite for the insurgents. — An old custom is recalled by a resolution reported of the Municipal Council of Barcelona to present a man-of-war to the Spanish Government. In earlier ages, such gifts from communities or individuals were frequent.— The Powers have warned tho Porto that, in the case of Crete, there must bo no repetition of a massacre of Christians. Bettor late than never. — Mr. John Morley stigmatises tho Soudan enterprise as the outcome of a bastard Imperial instinct. — The German Minister for War declares himself con fident that the peace of Europe is assured for u long time to come. Dissatisfaction is expressed in the Country Millthorpe district at tho refusal of Summary, the Minister to establish a Court of Petty Sessions and Small Debts. Further steps will bo taken in tho matter. — An Ausfcra- ; lian Natives' Association has been inaugurated at j Cootamundra. — News has been received from Auckland of tho death of Mr. James Kennedy, the actor, who was a native of Goulburn. — A Mechanics' Institute is about to be founded at Nyngan. — Six homestead \ selections on the East Nyngan run wero taken up on i Thursday. — The area of land cultivated this year in j tho Tocumwal district will bo greatly in excess of that 1 of former years. — Mr. Robert Cassin, a leading pioneer \ of the goldfield, was accorded a social last week at Wyalong, on the eve of his departure for Western Australia. — An estimate made by the Clarence Examiner \ of the cane crop for the current year on the northern , rivers amounts to 315,000 tons, yielding some 40,000 tons of raw sugar. Tho money value would be £375,000, of which £160,000 would bo divided among tho fanners, £85,000 would go in wages to 3,250 employ 6s, the millowners receiving £130,000. — A revival in the timber trade, giving employment to numbers of men, has taken place in the Gosford district. Tho return of Senor Emilio Oastolar 1 An Incon- to the Cortes appears inconsistent ! sistent with his sentiments and determination r Statesman, as announced in his recent utterance I on Cuba. In that he declared that, as i one professing a very worship for the Spanish republic, his conscience and his honour forbade him to serve the monarchy, while his patriotism and his loyalty to his oouutry forbade him to work for a republic now altogether an impossibility. The impossibility of a republic Senor Oastelar attributed to the existence of innumerable republican factions, extending from pole to pole of the body politic, from Catholicism to anarchy. Parliament is hardly tho place for a man who proposes to do absolutely nothing. Monsignor Averadi, who recently American arrived as Apostolic Delegate in Catholic Mexico, received from President Diaz News. a cordial weloome. — The Rev. Father Fouhy, of Brisbane, in passing through I San Franoisco on his way to Ireland last April, preached a sermon on temperance at the Paulists' Church. — The Rev. F. W. Howard, a member of the Paulist Order, has mado a new departure by entering Columbia College, New York, where lr has won a scholarship. His special objeot is to carry ou'£ a course of political economy, of whioh he is an ardent studont. — The Bev. Father Searlo, C.S.P., professor of astronomy at the Washing ton Catholic University, recently delivered, under the auspices of tho Catholic Club of Harvard College, a lecture entitled ' Astronomical Science not Opposed to .Faith.' Father Searle is a brother of the Professor of Astronomy at Harvard. The Prior of the Trappist monastery of New Mellary, in Duhuque county, Iowa, has consented to supply a want of the neighbourhood by acting as postmaster. — Congressman Harry 0. Miner has been received into the Catholic Church. Mr. Miner, who is 54 years of age, is a distinguished man of business— among the rest director of a New York newspaper syndicate. It was he also who some years ago, when the yellow fever was raging in the South, organised, equipped, and sent to Florida a corps of trained nurses from the chief hospitals of New York. The advanced age of the Holy Father 3STon- — which, especially under existing Catholic possibilities, it behoves us all to pray Rumours, that God may still prolong — has ne cessarily set tongues wagging as to the probabilities of the Papal succession. We quote from a non- Catholic source a couple of examples, giving them for what they are worth. 'The continual and unfounded ruin - The Dis- ours' (writes 'Marmaduke' in Truth) qualification that the Pope is in failing health may of Cardinal lend interest to the following notes Parocchi. which have been supplied to me by one who knows Rome intimately : — ' Cardinal Parocchi is considered the ablest mem ber of the College of Cardinals. He is a very versatile man, and in clerical circles in Rome he is on this account frequently compared to Gladstone. That which chiefly militates against his chance of being elected to the Papacy when a vacancy occurs is that he is from the north of Italy, for in Rome they hate a man who is not a Roman. Another objection to him is that he is the son of a miller. Cardinal Parocchi is at present Cardinal- Vicar of Rome.' ' But to those who insist that the Misplaced Romans received with open arms the Snobbishness, men from the north of Italy, who entered to them through the breach of the Porta Pin, and that they have over since found delight only under their domination, this roferenco to Roman feeling must come as something of a shock. As to the objection against Cardinal Parocchi, because his father was a miller, are we, then, in thiH democratic age, when no man knows or cares whether or not he had a grandfather — or even, perhaps, not to speak of his father, who ho himself, in an earlier stage of his existence, may have been — to set up prejudices that did not exist in ages that were most aristocratic ? The Papacy was not reserved for blood, but was ever open to merit. No stigma was cast on Adrian IV. because his father had been a labouring man ; Sixtus V. was not less esteemed because, in his boyhood, he had herded swine. Pius V., too, and many others, were of humble birth. And as with the Papacy, so with all A Touching ecolesiastical ranks. It is, for example, Example, related of the famous Abbo Maury that on one occasion, when he had particularly distinguished himself by a brilliant oration in the Assembly, and was afterwards receiving the homago of an aristocratic gathering in one of the noblest salons of tho day in Paris, ho was told by an attendant that, there was an old man at tho street door who insisted on seeing him, and would fcako no refusal. Tho Abbo loft the room and returned in a few minutes lovingly leading by tho hand an old man in the peasant garb of a distant province, whom ho introduced to the company as his father. The old man was tho cobbler of his native village. He had heard of the triumphs of his son in the capital, and being of an incredulous disposition, had mndo his way there to see for himself. Tho nobles present did not scorn tho Abbo as the cobbler's son. On the contrary, they did honour to the cobbler as the Abbu's father. The allusion to the miller, therefore, we dismiss as a jjiece of snobbery never apposite and now altogether out of place. In the Ohuroh tho sontinient of Burns' line had held good ages before the line waa written — -l A man's a man for a' that.' 'Tho other two most generally Another favoured candidates for tho Papacy,' Q-ueSS. continues ( Marmaduko,' 'are the two Brothers Vannutelli, who were pro fessors respectively of theology and of philosophy at St. Peter's Sominnry. They have both boen in tho PRpal diplomatic service. In that section of the Roman olergy which lin.s the best means of forming a correct opinion upon the matter the choico of the next Pope is said to bo between them. They are not actually Romans, as they come from a good micldle-olHss family established within 20 miles of Borne, They arc both especially clever, and either would take a very iutelli gont viow of affairs if elected Popo.' 'As for the chance of a foreigner being A Forlorn elevated to the Papal See in these days, Hope. it is no use,' says the writer, 'ever to consider that, for there is no possi bility of such a thing happening with the fooling that exists in Rome at this moment.' Mr. Henry George has decided in American favour of McKinley as against Summary. Cleveland. It is not that ho loves McKinley any better, but, if there is to be a Protectionist at all, he would choose a thorough one. The singlo taxers, ho says, had supported Cleveland at tho last election, and been betrayed by him. — Preparations for an effectual fortification of Now York and San Francisco havo been inaugurated. The expenditure will amount respectively to 14,34S,000dols. and 8,35G,000dols. Eighteen lGin. gnus will be required for New York, and sixteen for San Francisco. Each gun will weigh 110 tons, and will throw a shell that, if unable to penetrate a ship's side, will drive in the section of the ship struck by it. Three years and a-half, however, will be needed to manufacture the guns. Meantime, the report of the Senates' Defence Committee states that New York and 26 other ports are at the mercy of a foreign fleet. — In the Arena for April Dr. J. W. Clark, a non-Catholic American, who has recently made a tour in Mexico, contrasts tho moral condition of that country with that of the United States. In the States, he says, in 1894, the capital offences numbered more than 10,000, 107 being punished by law and 247 by lynch law. In Mexico, with a population of 12,000,000, capital offences are annually less than 1,000, and lynch law is unknown. Tho onforoo menfc there of tho criminal law is also more prompt and efficient. — The shortness of tho lime in which tho United States have grown up iuto a great nation haw been recalled by the reconi; death, at Washington, of Miss Jane Carroll, last surviving daughtor of Dauiol Carroll, who was one of tho signers of the Constitution. Tho deceased lady's age wan 75. — Ex-Senator Patrick Walsh, who is also editor of tho Augusta Chronicle, answers for Gcc rgia and tho South that the A. P. A. will take no root there. He romemberB, he says, the Know-Nothing1 oxcitoment in Charleston, S.O., and has no apprehension that the corpse will now be galvanised. — Tho rush for the Alaska gold field BHti 11 continues. It, nevertheless, requires a stout heart to dare the hardships and perils of tho country. Tho deaths from cold and hunger of two adventurous journalists, travelling in the interests of their papery, have recently beon reported. A Government carrier is now supposed to have suffered the same fate. — A coloured syndicate has purchased hind near Tdcumseh Kan, on which to erect a town as tho exolusivo dwelling-place of pooplo of their race. — Unwholesomo reading still does its work. Tho outfit of a boy of 14, brought back the other day by tho police from an en campment whore ho had entered on the life of an adventurer, was several dime novels and a shooting equipment. — Sensational reading for more udvanced tastes has recently boen provided by a San Francisco paper, which published an unvarnished tale of the life and exploits of an infamous criminal and condemned murderer named Holmos. The publication has beon severely condemned by journals of less advanced viows. — I'ho characteristic namo by which tho President of the A.P.A. is distinguished is 'Whiaky Bill Traynor.' — A monument is about to bo oroctod at Quebec, in honour of Samuol do Champlain, founder of the city. Father Clark, S.J., has boooiuo Catholic principal of a hall for Catholic Odds and students at Oxford. Father Clark, Ends. thoroforo, roturns to tho scono of his oarlior labours, lio having beon at ono tinio a Fellow and tutor of St. John's Collogo, a posi tion resigned by him to entor tho Catholic Church in 1809\. In 1871 ho joinod tho Society of Josus, and from 1881 to 1891 was editor of their periodical, tho Month. Tho foundation of tho hall in question is a consequence) of a permission ruoonlly granted by tho Pope for Uio rosidunco, under ourtii-m conditions, of Catholic students at tho University roferrod to, and also at Cambridge. — A. oourso of lectures on Catholic doctrino has recently boon dolivorod by Dr. A. Zahn, of Stuttgart, at tho University of Tubingon, a head centro of German Rationalism, and tho oradlo of Bain's far-famed, but; now somewhat discredited, Tubingen theory. — A. Jesuit missionary in Icoland has recently seen in tho Luthoran cathedral at Roikiavik, a copo sent in 1650 by tho Popo to tho Catholic Bishop. It is now worn onco a year by tho Protostant Bishop, on tho occasion of the ordination of ministers.- — Wido- spread griof was folt in Spain at tho rccont nows of tho death at Tangier of Father Joso do Lorchundi, Prefect Apostolic of tho Franciscan missions of Nor thern Africa. Father Jose's caroor had been as distinguished as it was dovotod. His personal influence was very great, and to it was duo tho fact that the Sultan of Morocco sont representatives with gifts to attend tho celebration of tho Pope's jubileo. His fuiKiral, at which tho 'Bishop of Gibraltar officiated, was made tho occasion of a groat public demonstration, tlio 8 ul tan attending in person.— Tho roporb is that this year the recipient of tho golden roso will bo tho wife of Princo Ferdinand of Bulgaria, to whom tho Popo will offer this consolation for tho outrage in flicted on her in tho rooont perversion of her son. — Tlio Rov. Dr. Soannoll, woll known as a writor on tho subject under consideration, and othorwiso dis tinguished as a theologian, lias boon added to tho commission instructed by tho Popo to inquire into tho question of Anglican Ordors ; tho other commis sioners are Canon Moyos, Fathor David, O.S.F., and Father Gahquet, O.S.B. — An English engineer, bearing the suggestive names of Hector MacLoan, and engaged at tho mines of .Rio Tin to, Huolva, was rocontly received into tho Church by tho Archbishop of Seville Ho had beon aonvortod by a brother engineer, a member of tlio Vaughau family, who had not, howover, livod to see tho full fruition of his labours. — The Rov. Hugh Chapman, vicar (Anglican) of St. Luke's, Oamborwell, who soniu yours ago, with tho ooopora tion of tho Times, obtained ,G4,00() in aid of Fathor Damion'H work in Molokai, now appeals through the same paper for ,£10,000, to placo on a permanent footing a similar work in M.andalay. There an Austrian priest named Wohinger, assisted by a French priost named Martin, a French lady called Sister Anna, and two Burrnoso Ohristiau women, is devoting himself to tho sertiee of tho lepers, of whom the number in Burmah is calculated at from 18,000 to U0,000. Mr. Chapman writes on bohalf of a committee, among whose members are the Duke of Norfolk, Lord Ripon, Lord Dufferin, Lord Roberts, the Lord Mayor of London, and some others also of high distinction. A wreath to be placed on the tomb of Inter- Robert Burns as a tribute from the colonial Scottish Societies in Australia has Items. been frozen in Sydney for despatch to Dumfries. It is a triumph of the art of floral decoration, and in its frozen condition a notable curiosity. — A man died last week in the Melbourne Immigrants' Home, who as a member of a military band had played the triangles at Napoleon's funeral in St. Helena. — The notorious Butler has been sent to gaol for a year in Molbourno on a charge of being illegally at largo. It will be a relief to jDooplo in New Zealand, especially in Dunedin, to learn that he is once more in safe keeping.— Gympio contributes to the fund in aid of the women and children left destitute through the recent explosion in tho Brunnor mine, N.Z., tho sum of £150. — The Queensland Premier has expressed himself in favour of sending men to America as soon as possible to inquire into tho methods employed there for the extirpation of the cattle tick. Sfceyn, the President of the Orange Foreign Free State, recently expressed a hope Odds and that the Afrikander will 'never for Ends. get his Bible and his gun.' — King Monelek's practice is hardly so good as his preaching. His Italian prisoners wero fright fully mutilated, neoding a largo quantity of artificial limbs, which havo been sent from Berlin. — Tho animal spirits and bodily strength of tho young King of Sorvia are causing some ombarrassmont to his courtiers. A favourite pastime of his Majonty's i» to knock their heads together. — Mr. Arthur Balfour as a cyclist has sevoral times como to grief. His last spill, owing to a collision with a brewer's wagon, obliged him to carry his arm for some clays in a sling. — Tho dynamiters are Still koopiug their hands in. A wealthy manufacturer has recently boon killed by them at Assin, in Portugal. — Tho prospects of the Clyde ship -builders are Haid just now to look particularly promising. The purchase by Sir John Arnotb, Irish Bart., of tho Bandon estato of tho Summary. Duko of Dovonahiro, has boon hailod with enthusiasm in tho town of Bandon. On Sunday, April 19, a mooting wan hold there, undor tho auspices of tho local branch of tho Labour Federation, at which a resolution expressing tho foolingH of tho townspeople and thoir hopes for tho future wore passed. — In the debate on tho Budget, Mr. Lough, who is an Ulster man, but represents an English constituency, pointed out that while in Great Britain direct taxation had fallen 52 per cent., in Ireland it was not less than 76 per cent, of the whole burden. In Ireland, while since 1841 the population had fallen by almost one-half, indirect taxation had been doubled. — It is charged that the intention of tho Government was to make Iri.sh obstruction an excuse for shelving the Land Bill. The action of the National Party not lending itself to such a scheme, the Bill was ho placed as to make it impossible that it should be passed, — Mr. Barry O'Brien recently delivered a lecture in London, at which General Sir William Butler took the chair. The subject was ' The Napiers,' whoso strong sympathy for Ireland the lecturer well brought out. Sir Charles, on conquering the Beloochces with a native force and an Irish regiment, applied for decorations for tho men who had distinguished themselves. 'Now,' he said, ' ' I can meet Corporal Tim Kelly and Bugler Dolanoy without a blush.' At the time of the Irish famine, on hearing of somo faults found with his administration as Governor of Scinde, he made the cutting and pithy retort, 'Tell Ministers that I can send 11,000 tons of wheat from the Indus to feed the starving people of Ireland.' Sir William Napier declared he would make use of a treasonable letter he had received from tho secretary of a Whig Minister if ever he found such a Government prosecuting a rebel loader. When Smith O'Brien was arrested in 1848 he went to Ireland, and placed his services at the disposal of the patriot's friends. — The people of Nowry and its neighbourhood havo of late been Korely tried. Somo little time ago, for several weelci, they wero held in mortal terror by a bear that had escaped from a menagerie, and was uudorntood to prowl about seeking whom it might devour. Now 'sudden and awful appearances' are Haid to be made among them by a ghost — the spook, it in reported, of a railway portor. — The foundation stone of a Catholic Soldiers' Institute has been laid at the Curragh Camp by Lady Anno Kerr, wife of the General commanding tho district. Tho career of tho late Mr. Robert A Notable Percy French, one of the chief land Irishman, lords of the County Galway, who died at Naples on April 27, is commented on by ' Marmaduke ' in Truth. 'Marmaduke' spells tho surname with two little ' f's ' — but that is an innovation or a revival that looks queer. 'The lato Mr. Porcy Fronch,' ho says, ' was one of the best known men in European society, and he had intimate friends in almost every capital upon the Continent He had much experieuco of tho world, was very generous, possessed groat charm of manner, and was an admirable conversationalist. He spoke several languages, especi ally French, so perfectly that it was practically impos sible to guess his nationality. Mr. French entered the Diplomatic Service in 1852, and retired while acting as Charge d' Affaires in Vienna in 1878. The family of French, originally de Frascinis, is of Norman origin. The death of the late Mr. Percy French removes another landmark in the society of our generation, and many of the older men and women will feel that they have suf fered by it a loss which they will regret till they, too, are called upon to cross the ' Great Divide.' ' ''Mar maduke' might add that Mr. French had also been one of the first amateur singers in Europe — reckoned on a level with operatic stars. More notable still is the fact that he was a convert of some 20 years standing, at his death, to the Catholic faith. His example, too, has been followed by a niece of his — daughter of his brother, Mr. Atcheson French, the successor to his property — who is now a nun. The family trace their descent to Duke Rollo of Normandy, and quarter in their coat of arms the Royal lions. A meeting of the wool -growers at Country Warren have passed a resolution Summary, calling for such 'legislation as will protect growers and consignors in the matter of produce forwarded to agents for sale. — Re- ports from Alstonville speak favourably of the sugar plantations. Cutting will commence early next month. — Mr. A. A. Hogan, who goes to fill a Govern ment situation in West Australia, has been the recipient, at Helensburgh, of a testimonial in recognition of his services to the Illawarra district.— The Nowra Muni cipal Council have adopted the report of a committee recommending certain resumptions by the Minister of Lands of sections on the Cambewarra Mountain for the purpose of preserving the beauty of tho scenery. Whisht, whisht ! Light be the stamp ' Siga, Siga, of your brogues.— It would be a mur lepton ich- der to awaken them. At a meeting of nos arbules the L.O.L. Daughters of Derry, on tithete.' Sunday afternoon, the chairman de clared that 'those who remained out side were asleep.' Is not the duty of going on tip-toes palpable to us all ? Tho Rev. Charles Clark, who is now A Firebrand lecturing in Sydney, appears to be in Disguise, rather more than ever a specimen of the anti- Catholic stump orator and nothing more. We judge from hearsay only. Once,, in another colony, we sat out a lecture of the rev. gentleman's, which was quite sufficient to satisfy our ' itching ears — once and for ever. That lecture was on Dickens and there was just one effective passage in it. It was that in which the lecturer assumed a napkin and mimicked the greedy waiter in 'David Copperfield.' He seemed to the manner born, and played and looked his part tc perfection. Want of a napkin only, in short, seems to separate the Rev. Charles Clark from his natural calling. Any Orangeman, however, who needs an inspiration may, apparently, with profit go and hear the rev. gentleman. Our esteemed contemporary, the W.A. Progress Record, reports an imposing and im of the pressive ceremony which recently took Australian place in our contemporary's office. Catholic The occasion was the blessing by the Press. Right Rev. Dr. Gibney, Bishop of Perth, of new machinery and plant imported from England. His Lordship, who was assisted by the Rev. Fathers Kelly and O'Dee, made use of a prayer prescribed in the forms of the ritual of the Church. In the course of an address delivered by him, the Bishop attributed the success of the Record to the fact that it was a fearless, outspoken, and truthful journal. 'During the 22 years of its existence the Record never lost a single issue, and maintained its present prestige in spite of the many efforts made to crush it. From the outset it was fearless and out spoken. It tackled the abuses that were in existence, and fought in the cause of truth and justice. Extraor dinary efforts were made to crush the paper in its infancy, but they were determined that it should succeed, and their efforts never failed.' His Lordship also expressed himself highly pleased with the staff and management of the paper. Tue editor (the Rev. Father Kelly) und his assistant, he said, had done their work well, as had also the manager (Mr. Baker). There was a numerous company present. In another place we publish a defonco A Defence of the Armenians against the slur cast Of the upon them in the report of a lecture Armenians, recently delivered by the Rev. Haskett Smith. A few comments made by us in these notes on tho utterance referred to caught the eye and directed to the matter tho attention of the Very Rev. Dr. Genoochi, Superior of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart in Thursday Island, now on a visit to Sydney. His Roverenco had boon a missionary in the Levant, and had lived among the Armenians for seven years, and the opportunity of knowing the people in question thus possessed by him was certainly much greater than that at the command of any English tourist, however keen-sighted or discriminating ho may have been. Tho testimony f-o generously borne by Dr. Genocchi may bo accepted as tho simple truth. Sir Julian Salomons during his late Colonial tour in Europe had an audience of Items. the Pope which lasted three-quarters of an hour. Sir Julian returned to Sydney on Saturday by the express from Melbourne. — Tho Government have decided to appoint as water conservation and irrigation expert Colonel Home, C.S.I,, R.E., who has been recommended by the Government of India, in which country he had filled a similar oilice. The engagement will bo for 12 months at a salary of dS2,000, exclusive of travelling expenses. — Kindly traditions of Grotna Green evidently linger in the mind of Judge Gibson. The term of imprisonment inflicted the other day by his honour at Newcastle on a young gentleman who had clandestinely married a wife was one minute. — The Rev. Charles Woolnough, a Congregationalist minister, died suddenly of heart disease on Sunday evening as he was returning from Marrickvillo to his home at Surry Hills. —Mr. Edward Ellis, who is about to leave Sydney for West Australia, was pre sented on Monday with a purse of sovereigns and a letter of sympathy signed by representative journalists and others. — It is stated that the precau tions taken to prevent cattle infected by the tick from crossing the boundary (21st parallel) are insufficient. — A series of burglaries which havo recently taken place in the Darli.nghurst district of Sydney are supposed to be, at least partly, accounted for by tho capture on Monday evening of a burglar hidden under a bed in a house in Victoria-street. He was armed with a loaded revolver.— The returns of the recent census in New Zealand give the European population of the colony as 763,000. 