WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. Bt MISS BRADDON, Author of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Uulike,' &c;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Cuaptee XXIII.— (Continued, ) A cloud of dust, a clatter of hoofs, maani selle's screams as the carriage rocked while Bhe was mounting the steps, and with much crack ing of whips and swearing at horses from the postilions who had taken their fill of home brewed ale, hog's harslet, and cold chine, and, lo, the brilliant vision of the Honorable Henriette Maria and her train vanished in the dust of the summer highway, and Angela went slowly back to the long green walk beside the fish-pond, where she was in as silent a solitude but for a lingering nightingale or two as if she had been in the palace of the sleeping beauty. If all things slumbered not there was at least as marked a pause in life. The Dutch might be burning more ships and the noise of war might be coining nearer London with every hour of the summer day. Here there was a repose as of the after-life when all hopes and dreams and love and hates are done and ended, and the soul waits in darkness and Bi.lence for the next unfolding of its wings. Those hateful words, 'your adoring slave,' and all that speech, of Hyacinth's which the child had repeated, haunted Angela with an agonising iteration. She had not an instant's doubt as to the scene being faithfully reported. She knew how pretematurally acute Henriette's intellect had become in the rarified atmosphere of her mother's drawing-room, how. accurate her memory, how sharp her ears, and how observant her eyes. Whatever Henriette re ported was likely to be to the very letter and spirit of the ecene slio had witnessed. And Hyacinth, her sister,.hnd put this shame upon her and spoken of htr in the cruellest phrase as loving one whom it was mortal ein to love. Hyacinth, so light, so airy a nature, whom her younger sister had everconsideredas a grown- up child, and yetbeeitshrewdenoughtofathomher mystery and to discover that secret attachment which had made DenziTs suit hateful toiler. 'And if I do not consent to many him she will always think ill of me. She will think of me as a wretch who tried to steal her hus band's love — a worse woman than Lady Castle maine — for Bhe had the King's affection before he ever saw the Queen's poor plain face. His adoring slave 2' Evening shadows were around her. She had wandered into the woods, was slowly threading the slender cattle tracks in the cool darkness ; while that passionate song of the nightingales rose in a louder ecstacy as the quiet of the night deepened and the young moon hung high above the edge of a wooded hill. ' His adoring slave,' she repeated, with her hands clasped above her uncovered head. ' Hateful, humiliating words ! Yet there waa a keen rapture in repeating them. They were true words. His slave— his slave to wait upon him in sickness and pain ; to lie and watch at his door like a faithful dog ; to follow him to the wars and clean his armor and hold his horse and wait in his tent to receive him wounded and heal his wounds where surgeons failed to cure, wanting that intensity of atten tion and understanding which love alone can give; to be his Bellario, asking nothing of him, hoping for nothing, hardly for kind words or common courtesy, foregoing woman's claim upon man's chivalry, content to be nothing only to be near him. If such a life could have been— the life that poets have imagined for despairing love. It was less than a hundred years since handsome Mrs. Southwell followed Sir Robert Dudley to Italy disguised as a page. But the age of romance was past. .The modem world had only laughter for euch dreams. That revelation of Hyacinth's jealousy had brought matters to a crisis. Something must be donB and quickly to Bet her right with her sister and in her own esteem. She had to choose between a loveless marriage and the convent. By accepting one or the other she must prove that she was not the slave of a dis honorable love. Marriage or the convent ? It had been easy contemplating the step from a distance to choose tho convent. But when she thought, to-night, amidst the exquisite beauty of these woods, with the moonlit valley lying at her feet, the winding streams reflecting the moon beam or veiled in a silvery haze — to-night, in the liberty and loveliness of the earth, the vision of convent walls filled her with a shuddering horror. - To be shut in that Flemish garden for ever; her life en closed within the straight lines of that long green alley leading to a dead walL darkened over by flowerless ivy — how wither ingly dull the old life showed looking back at it after years of liberty and enjoyment, action and variety. No, no, no. She could not bury herself alive, could not forego the liberty to wander in a wood like this, to gaze upon scenes as beautiful as yonder valley, to read the poets she loved, to see perhaps sojie day those romantic scenes which she knew but as dreams— Florence, Vallombrosa— to follow the footsteps of Milton, to see the Venice she had read of in Howell's letters, to kneel at the feet of the Holy Father in the city of cities. All these things would be for ever forbidden to her if she chose the common escape from earthly sorrow. She thought of her -vhose example had fur nished the theme of many a discourse at the convent, Mazarin's lovely niece, the Princess de Conti, who in the bloom of early woman hood was awakened from the dream of this life to the reality of heaven, and had renounced the pleasures of the most brilliant court in the world for the severities of Port Royal. She thought of that sublime heretic, Ferrar, whose later experience waa one long prayer. Of how much baser a clay must ehe be fashioned when her too earthly heart clung so fondly to the loveliness of earth and shrank with aversion from the prospect of a long life within those walls where her childhood had been so peaceful and happy. 'How changed, how changed and corrupted this heart has become !' she murmured in her dejection, ' when that life which was once my most ardent desire now seems to me worse than the grave. Anything— any life of duty in the world rather than that living death.' She was in the garden next morning at 6 after a sleepless night and she occupied herself till noon in going about among the cottagers, carrying those small comforts which she had been in the habit of taking them and listened patiently to those various distresses which they were very glad to relate to her. She taught the children aud read to the sick and was able in this round of duties to keep her thoughts from dwelling too persistently upon her own trouble. After the 1 o'clock dinner, at which she offended old Reuben by eating hirdly any thing, she went for a woodland ramble with her dors and it was near sunset when she re turned to the house, just in time to see two road-stained horses being led away from the hall door. Sir John bad come home. She found him in the dining parlor, sitting gloomy aud weary looking before the table, where Reuben was arranging a hasty meal. 'I have eaten nothing upon the road, yet I have but a poor stomach for ycur bacon-ham,' he said aud then looted up at his daughter with a moody glance as she went towards him. 'Dear sir, we must try to coax your ap petite back when you have rested a little. Let me unbuckle your spurs and pull off your boots, while Reuben fetches your easiest shoes.' 'Nay, child, that is man's work, nob for such fingers as yours. The boots are no wise irksome — 'tis another kind of shoe that pinches, Angela.' She knelt down to unbuckle the spur-straps and while'on her knees she said — ' You look sad, sir. I fear you found ill news at London.' ' I found such shame as never before came upon England, such confusion as only traitors and profligates can know; men who have cheated and lied and wasted the public money, left our fortresses undefended, pur slu'ps un armed, our ?' sailors 'unpaid, 'lialf-itid, and mutitodus ; clamorous' wives crying aloud in the streets' that tfieir husbands should not fight and bleed for a king who starved them.' They have clapped the scoundrel who had charge of the yard at Chatham in tho Tower, but will that mend matters ? A scapegoat, belike to pay for higher scoundrels. The mob is loudest against the Chancellor, who I doubt is not to blame for our unreadiness, having little power of late over the King. Oh, there has been iniquity upon iniquity, and men know not whom most to blame— tiie venal idle servants, or the master of all.' ' You mean that men blame his majesty ?' '?No, Angela. But when our ships were blazing at Chatham aud tho Dutch triumphing the cry was 'Oh, for an hour^of old Noll.' Charles has played -his cards bo that he haa made the loyalist hearts in England wish the Brewer back again, They called him the tiger of the seas. . We have no tigers now, only asses and monkeys. Why there was : scarce a grain of sense left in London. The beat of too drums calling out the trainbands seemed to have stupefied the people. Everywhere mad- ness and confusion. They have sunk theiv richest argosies at Barking Creek to block the river ; but the Dutch break chains, ride over sunken Bhips, laugh oar petty defences to scorn.'- ' Dear sir, this confusion cannot last.' ' It will last as long as the world's history lasts. Our humiliation will never be for gotten.' 'But Englishmen will not look on idle. There must be. brave men up in arms.' ' Oh, there are brave men enough— Fairfax Ingoldsby, BetheU, Norton. The Presby terians come to thefront in our troubles. Yout brother-in-law is with Lord Middleton. There ? is no lock of officers and regiments are being, raised ; but our mercbantships, which should be quick to help us, hang back. Our treasury , is empty; half the goldsmiths in London are bankrupt. And our ships that are burnt and our ships that are taken will not be conjured back again. The Royal Charles carried off with insulting triumph ! Oh, child, it is not the loss that gallB, it is the dishonor.' Ho took a draught of claret out of the tankard which Angela placed at his elbow and she carved the ham for him and persuaded him to eat. ' Is it the public misfortune that troubles you so sadly, sir?' she asked presently, when her father flung himself back in his chair with a heavy sigh. . - ''Nay, Angela, I have my peck of trouble without reckoning the ruin of my 'country. But my back is broad. It can bear a burden as well as any.' 'Do you count a disobedient daughter among your cases, sir V 'Disobedient is too harsh a word. I told you I would never force your inclinations. But I have an obstinate daughter* who has disap pointed me and well-nigh broken my spirit.' ' Your, spirit shall not rest broken if my obedience can mend it, sir,' she said gently, dropping on her knees beside hie chair. 'What! has that stony heart relented? Wilt though marry him, sweetheart? Wilt give me a son as well a daughter and - the security that thou wilt be safe and happy when I am gone ?' '.' No one can be sure of happiness, f after J it comes strangely and goes we know not why. But if it will make your heart easier, sir, aud Denzil be still of the same mind ? ' ' His mind is rock, dearest. He swore to me that he could never change. Ah, love, you have made me happy. Let the fleet burn, the Royal Charles fly Dutch colors. Here in this quiet valley there shall be a peaceful house hold and united hearts. Angela, I love that youth ! Fareham, with all his rank and wealth, has never been bo dear to me. That stem visage repels love. But Denzil's coun teiiunce is open as the day. I can say ' Nunc Dimittis' with a light heart. I can trust Denzil Warner with my daughter's happi ness.' Chafi-kb XXIV.—'1 Quite Out of Fashion.' Denzil received good news by the hands of a mounted messenger in the lollowing fore noon. The knight had written, 'Ride— ride— * ride f in the Elizabethan style on the cover of his letter, which contained but two brief sen tences — , 'Womanlike, she has changed her mind* Come when thou wilt, dear eon.' And the Bon-in-law- to-be lost not an hour. He was at the manor before nightfall. jHe wu a member of the quiet household again, sub servient to his mistress in everything, and sub mitted to be_used somewhat ill.from the lover's standpoint. ' 'There are some words that -must needs be spoken before we are agreed,' 'Angela said when they found themselves alone for the first time in the garden on the morning after his return, and when Denzil would fain nave taken her to his breast and ratified their betrothal with a kiss. 'I think you know as well as I - do that it is my father's wish that has mads me change,' she said. ' So long as you change not again, dear, I am of all men the happiest. Yes, I know 'ti» Sir John's wooing that won you, not mine, and that I have still to conquer your heart* though your hand is promised me. Yet I do not despair of being loved in as full measure as I love. My faith is strong in the power of an honest affection.' 'You may at least be sure of my honesty. I profecs nothing but the desire to be your true and obedient wife- — ' 'Obedient! You shall be my empress.' 'No, no. I have no wish to rule. I desire only to make my father happy and yon, too, Bir, if I can.' 'Ah, my soul, that is so easy for you. Yon have but to let mo live in your dear company. I doubt I would rather be miserable with you than happy with any other woman. Ill-use me if you will ; play Zantippe and I will be ~ weaker than Socrates. But you are all mild ness — perfect Christian, perfect woman. You canuot miss being perfect as wife — and ? ' Another word trembled on his lips, but be checked himself lest he should offend, and the speech ended in a sob. . (?' ' My Angela, my angel.' ;- He took her to his heart and kissed the fair : » brow, cold under his passionate kisses. That 'J word 'angel' turned her to ice. It conjured „ back the sound of a voice that it was sin to l remember. Fareham had called her so ; not \ once, but many times, in their placid days of - friendship, before the fiery breath of passion , had withered all the flowers in her earthly ' paradise — before the knowledge of evil had clouded the brightness of tbe world. A gentle peace reigned at the manor after Angela's betrothal. Sir John was happier thau he had been since the days of his youth, before the coming of tbat cloud no bigger than a man's hand, when John Ham pden'e stubborn resistance of a thirty-ohilling rate had brought the crown and the people face to face upon th« burning question of snip-money and kindled the fire that was to devour England. From the hour he left his young wife to follow the king to Yorkshire Sir John's life had known little of reBt or of comfort, or even of glory. He had fought on the losing side and had missed the fame of those who fell and took tho rank of heroes by an untimely death. Hard ship and danger, wounda and siclcness, straitened means and scanty fate had been his portion for three bitter years, and then had come a period of patient service, of schemes aud intrigues foredoomed to failure, of going to arid fro from Jersey to Paris, from Paris to Ireland, from Ireland to Cornwall, journeying hither and thither at the behest of a shifty irresolute man, or a passionate imprudent woman, as the case might be; now from the King to the Queen, now from the Queen to this or that ally ; futile errands, unskilful combina tions, failure on every hand, till the last fatal journey, on which he was an unwilling atten dant, the flight from Hampton Court to Tich field, when the fated King broke faith with his enemies, in an unfinished negotiation. Foreign adventure had followed English hardships and the soldier had been tossed on the stormy sea of European warfare. He had be»n graciously received at the French court, but only to feel himself a stranger there and to have his English clothes and his English ac cent laughed at by Gmmmont and Bussy, and the accomplished St. Evremond and the frivolous herd of their imitators; to Bee even the Queen, for whom : he had spent his last jacobus, smile behind her fan at his bevues and whisper to her sister-in- law while ho knelt .; to kiss the little white hand that had led a ' King to ruin. Everywhere the stern Malig nant had found himself outside the circle of ?the fioct. At the Hotel de Rambouillett, in ; the splendid houses of the newly-built Place Royale, in the salons of duchesses and the taverns of courtly roysterers and drunken poets, : at Cormier's, or at the Pino Apple, in tho Kuo de la Juiverie, where it was all the bettor for a Christian gentleman not to understand the talk of the wits that flashed and drank thoro. Everywhere he had bevn a stranger and aloof. It was only under canvas, in danger and priva tion, that he lost the sonso of being onu too many »- the world. There John BLirlchnid found his level, shoulder to shoulder with Conda and Turonne. The stout cavalier was second to no soldier in Louis's splendid nnny ; vas of the stamp of an earlier race even, bettor inured to hardship than any save that heroic prince, the Achilles of his day, ^who to the graces of a modern courtier joined' the temper of an ancient Greek. His daughter Hyacinth had given him the utmost affection wliich such a nature could pive ; but it wag the affection of a trained singing-bird or a. broken-noSed spaniel ; and the father, though he admired her beauty and was pleased with her caresses, was shrewd enough to perceive the lightness of her dis position and the shallowness of her mind. He rejoiced in her marriage with a man of Fare ham's strong character. 'I have married thec to a husband who will know how to rule a wife,' he told her on the night of her wedding. ' ' You have but to obey aud to be happy ; for he is rich enough to indulge all your fancies and will not complain ; if you waste the gold that would pay a com pany of foot on the decoration of your poor little person.' ' The tone in which you speak of my poor little person, sir, can but remind me how much I need the tailor and the milliner,' answered Hyacinth, dropping her favorite curtsey, which she was ever ready to practise at the slightest provocation. 'Nay, petite chatte, you know I think you the loeeliesfc creature at Saint Germain or 'the Louvre*, far surpassing in beauty the cardinal's niece, who has managed to set young Louis's heart throbbing with a boyish passion. But I doubt you bestow too much care to the cherish ing of a gift so fleeting.' 'You have said the word, sir. 'Tis because it is so fleeting I must needs take care of my beauty. Wo poor women are like the butter flies and the roses. We have j»s brief a summer. You men, who value us only for our outward show, should pardon some vanity in creatures so ephemeral.' ' Ephemeral scarce applies to a sex which ownseuch an example as your grandmother, ?who has lived to reckon her servants among the grandsons of her earliest lovers.' 'Not lived, sir! No woman lives after thirty. She can but exist and dream that she is still admired. La marquise has been dead for the las1, twenty years, but she won't own it. Ah, sir, e'est un triste supplice to have been ! I wonder Iiotv these poor ghosts can bear that earthly purgatory which they call old age. Look at Madatne de Sable, par exemple, once a beauty, now only a tradition, and Queen Anne. Old people say she was beautiful and that Buckingham risked being torn by wild horses— like Ravaillao — only to kiss her hand by stealth in a moonlit garden, aud plunged England in war but for an excuse to come back to Paris. Who would go to war for Anue's haggard countenance nowadays ?' Even in Lady Fareham's household the cavalier soon began to fancy himself an in habitant too much ; a dull, grey figure out of a tragical past. He-could not keep himself from talking of the martyred king and those bitter years through which he liad followed his master's sinking fortunes. He told stories of York and of Beverley, of the scarcity of cash which reduced his Majesty's Court to but one table, of that bitter affront at Coventry, of the evil omens that had marked the raising of the standard and filled superstitious minds with dark forebodings and reminded old men of that sad shower of rain that fell when Charles was proclaimed at Whitehall, on the day of his ac cession ana! of the shock of an earthquake on his coronation day, of Edgehill and Lindsey's death, of the profligate conduct o'fthe Cavalier regiments and the steady, dogged force of their psalm -singing adversaries, of Queen Henriette's courage and beauty and wilf ulness and her fatal influence upon an adoring husband. ** She wanted to be all that Buckingham had been,' said Sir John, 'forgetting that Buck ingham was the king's evil genius.' That lively and eminently artificial society of the Rue de Touraine soon wearied of Sir John's reminiscences. King Charles's execu tion had receded into the dim grey of history. He might as well have told them anecdotes of . Cinq Mars, or of the Great Henri, or of Moses ? or Abraham. _ Life went on rapid wheels in patrician Paris. They had Conde to talk about and Mazarin's numerous nieces, and the opera, that new importation from Italy which the cardinal was bringing into fashion ; while the remote past of half a dozen years back the Fronde was the only interesting subject, and even that was worn threadbare ; the adven tures of the duchess, the conduct of the Prince in prison, the intrigues of cardinal and Queen, mademoiselle, yellow- haired Beaufort, duels of five against five— all— all these were ancient history as compared with young Louis and his passion for Marie de Mancini, and the scheming of her wily uncle to marry all his nieces to reigning prince3 or embryo kings. And then the affectations and conceits of that elegant circle, the sonnets and madrigals, the ' bouts-rimes,' the practical jokes, the logic - chopping and straw ? splitting of those ultra-fine intellects, the romances where the personages of the day masqueraded under Greek or Roman or Oriental aliases, fcookg written, in a flowery language which the cavalier did not understand and full of allu siona that were dark to him ; while not to know and appreciate those masterworks placed him. outside thepale. He rejoiced in escaping from that over charged atmosphere to the tavern, to the camp, anywhere. He followed the exile Stuarts iu their wanderings, paid his homage to the Princess of Orange, roamed from scene to scene, a stranger and one too many wherever he went. Then came the hardest blow of all— the chilling disillusion that awaited all Charles's faithful friends, who were not of such political importance as to command their recompense. Neglect and forgetfulness were Sir Jonn Kirk land's portion, and for him and for such as he that caustic definition of the Act of Indemnity was a hard and cruel truth. It was an Act of Indemnity for the king's enemies aud of oblivion for his friends. Sir John's, spirits had hardly recovered from the bitter ness of disappointed affection when he came back to the old home, though his chagrin was seven years old. But now iu his delight at the alliance with Denzil Warner he seemed to have renewed his lease of cheerfulness and bodily vigor. He rode and walked about the lanes and woods with erect head and elastic limbs. Ho played bowls with Denzil in the summer evenings. Ho went tishir.g with his daughter and her sweetheart. He revelled in the simple rustic life, and told them stories of his boyhood when .fames was king, and many a quet'i- story of that eccentric monarch and of Buckingham. ' Ah, what a history that was !' he ex claimed. ' )lis mother trained him aa if with a foreknowledge of that star-like ascendancy. Hn was schooled to shine and dazzle, to excel all compeers in the graces men and women ad mire. 1 doubt she never thought of the mind inside him, or cared whether he had a heart or a lump of marble behind his waistband. He was taught neither to think nor to pity-^-only to shine; to be quick with his tongue in half a dozen languages, with his sword after half a dozen modes of fence. He could kill his man in the French or the Italian or the Spanish manner. He was cosmopolitan in the knowledge of evil. He had every device that can make a man brilliant and dangerous. He mounted every rung of the ladder, leaping from step to step. He ascended swift as a shooting star from plain country gentleman to the level of princes. Aud he expired with an ejaculation, astonished to find himself mortal, slain in a moment by the thrust of a tenpenny knife. I remember as if it were yesterday how men looked and spoke when the news came to London and how some said this murder would be the saving of King Charles. I know of one man at least who was glad.' ' Who was he, sir ?' asked Denzil. 'He who had the greatest mind among Englishmen — Thomas Wentwor.th. Bucking ham had held him at a distance from the king, and his strong passionate temper was seething with indignation at being kept aloaf by that silken sybarite — an impotent general, a fatal counsellor- After the favorite's death there came a time of peace and plenty. The pestilence had passed, the war was over. Charles was happy with his Henviette and their lovely children. Wentworth was in Ireland. The Parliament house stood still and empty, doors shut, swallows building under the eaves. I look back and those placid years melt into each other like one long summer. And then, again, as 'twere yesterday, I hear Hampden's drums and fifes in the lanes and see the rebel's flag with that hateful legend, 'Vestigia nulla retrorsum,' and Buckingham shire peasants are under arms and the king and his people have begun to hate and fear each other.' 'None foresaw that the war would last so long or end in murder, I doubt, sir,' said Angela. 'Nay, child ; we who were loyal thought to see that rabble withered by the breath of kingly nostrils. A word should have brought them to the dust.' ' There might be so easy a victory, perhaps, 6ir, from a king who knew how to speak the right word at the right moment, how to comply graciously with a just demand and how to be firm in a righteous denial,5' replied Denzil; 'but with Charles a stammering speech was but the outward expression of a wavering mind. He was a man who never listened to an appeal, but always yielded to a threat, were it only loud enough.' The wedding was to be soon. Marriages were patched up quickly in the light-hearted sixties. And here there was nothing to wait for. Sir John had found Denzil compliant on every minor question and willing to make his home at the manor duriug his mother's lifetime. ' 'The old lady would never stomach a Papist daughter-in-law,' said Sir John; and Denzil was fain to confess that Lady Warner would not easily reconcile herself with Angela's creed, though she could not fail of loving Angela herself. 'My daughter would have neither peace nor liberty under a Puritan's roof,' Sir John said; 'and I should have neither sou nor daughter and should be a loser by my girl's marriage. You shall be as much master here, Denzil, as if this were your own house — which it will be when I have moved to my last billet. Give me a couple of stalls for my roadsters and kennel room for my dogs and I want no more. You and Angela may introduce as many new fashions as you like ; dine at 2 o'clock, and sip your unwholesome Indian drink of an evening. The fine ladies in Pavis were beginning to take tea when I was last there, though by the faces they made over the stuff it might have been poison. I can smoke my pipe in the chimney corner and look on and admire at the new geueration.' I shall not feel myself one too manv at your fireside, as I used sometimes ax the Rue do Touraine, when those strutting Gallic cocks were quizzing me.' There were clouds of dust and a clatter of hoofs again in front -of the floriated iron gate ; but this time it was nofc the honorable Henrietta who came tripping along the gravel path on twD-inch heels, but my Lady Fare ham, who walked languidly, with the. assistance of a gold-headed cane, and who looked,, pale and thin in her apple-green satin gown and silver-braido'd petticoat. She, too, came attended by a second coach, which was filled by her ladyship's French waiting-woman, Mrs. Lewiu, and a pile of boxes and parcels. ' I'll wager that in the rapture and romance of your sweethearting you have not given a thought to petticoats and inanteaux,' ohe said after she had embraced her sister, who was horrified at the sight of that painted harridan from London. Angela blushed at those words, 'rapturo and romance,' knowing how little there had been of, either in her thoughts or in Deiml's sober courtship. Romance ! Alas, there had been but one romance, in :her life, and that a guilty one, which she must ever remember with remorse. , ' Come novr, confess you have not a gown ordered.' ' I have gowns enough and to Bpare. Oh, sister ! have you come so far as to talk of gowns ? And that odious woman, too. What brought her here?' Angela asked with more temper than she-was wont to show. 'My sisterly kindness brought her. You are an ungrateful hussy for looking vexed when I have come a score of miles through the dust to do you a service.' 'Ah, dearest, I am grateful to you for coming. But, alas, you are looking pale and thin. Heaven forbid that you have been in disposed and we were in ignorance of your suffering.' 'No, I am well enough, -though every one assures me I look ill, which is but a civil mode of telling me I am growing old and ugly.' 'Nay Hyacinth, the former we must all be come with time ; the latter you will never be.' ' Your servant, Sir Denzil, has taught you to pay antique compliments. Well now we will talk business. I had to send for Lewin — ray toilet was in a horrid state of decay ; and then it seemed to me, knowing your foolish indifference, that even your wedding-gown would not be chosen unless I saw to it. So here is Lewin with Lyons and Genoa silks of the very latest patterns. She has but just come from Paris and is full of Parisian modes and court scandals. The king posted off to Versailles directly after his mother's death and has not returned to the Louvre since. He amuses himself by spending millions on build ing and making passionate love to Mademoi selle la Vallierc, who encourages him by pre tending an excessive modesty, and exaggerates every favor by penitential tears. I doubt his attachment to so melancholy a mistress will hardly last a lifetime. She is not beautiful ; she has a halting gait ; and she is no more virtuous than any other young woman who makes a show of resistance to enhance the merit of her surrender. Hyacinth prattled all the way to the parlor, Mrs. Lewin and the waiting-woman following laden with parcels. ' Queer dear oldhovel !' she exclaimed, sink ing languidly upon a tabouret and fanning her self exhaustedly while the mantua - maker opened her boxes and laid out her sample breadths of richly-decorated brocade or silver and gold enwrought satin. 'How well I remember being whipped over my homebook in this very room. And there is the bowling green where I used to race the Italian grey hound my grandmother brought me from Paris. I look back and it seems a dream of some other child running about in the sunshine. It is so hard to believe that joyous little being, who knew not the meaning of heartache, was I.' ' Why that sigh, sister? Surely none ever bad less cause for heartache than you?' 'Have I not cause? Not when my glass tells me youth is gone and beauty is waning ? Not when there is no one in this wide world who cares a straw whether I am handsome or hideous ? I would as lief be dead as despised and neglected.' 'Sorella mia, questa donna ti ascolta,' murmured Angela, 'come and look at the old gardens, sister, while Mrs. Lewin spreads' out her wares. And pray consider, madam,' turn ing to the mantua-maker, 'that those peacock purples and gold embroideries have no temp tations for me. I am marrying a country gen tleman, and am to lead a country life. My gowns must be such as will not be spolt by a walk in dusty lanes or a visit to a farm- laborer's cottage.' 'Eh, gud, your ladyship, do not tell me that you would bury so much beauty among sheep and cows and odious ploughmen's^ives and dairy women. A month or so oWrotic life in summer between Epsom and Tunbridge Wells may be well enough to rest your beauty — without patches or a French head — put of sight of your admirers. But to live in the country ! Only a jealous husband could ever propose more than an annual six weeks of rustic seclusion to a wife under CO. Lord Chesterfield was considered as cruel for taking his countess to tho rocks and ravines of Derby shire as Sir John Denham for poisoning his poor lady.' 'Chut! tu vas peu trop lov, Lewin!' re monstrated Lady Fareham. ' But in truth, your ladyship, when I hear Mrs. Kirklaud talk of a husband who would have her waste her beauty upon clod-polls and dairymaids and never wear a rnantua worth looking at ? ' ' I doubt my husband will be guided by hia own likinpjs rather than by Mrs. Lewin's tastes and opinions,' said Angela with a stately curtsey, which was designed to put the forward tradeswoman in her place and which took that personage's breath away. ' There never was anything like the insolence of a handsome young woman before she has been educated by a lover,' she said to her lady ship's Frenchwoman with a vindictive smile and scornful shrugof her bloated shoulders when the sisters had left the parlor. ' But wait till her fir3t intrigue, and then it is ' My dearest Lewin, wilt thou make me everlastingly be holden to thee by talcing this letter — thou knowest to whom ?' Or, in a flood of tears, 'Lewin,* you are my only friend, and if you' cannot find me some good and serviceable woman who would give me a home where I can hide from the cruel eye of the world I must take poison.' No insolence, then, mark you, Madame Hortense ! Jay coo la feel doon doocheas dong la popshare a may pee-ays. Ong ploor, ong m'oSre day diamonds dong valoor innooay. This plunge into a foreign tongue was un necessary, as Hortense understood English as well as Mrs. Lewin did. ' This demoiselle is none of your sort,' she said. ' You must not judge English ladies by your maids of honor. Celles la sont des drd lesses, sans foi ni loi.' 'Well, if she thinks I am going to makeup linse.y woolscy, or Norwich drugget, she will find her mistake. I never courted the custom of little gentlemen's wives, with a hundred a year for pin-money. If I am to do anything for this Btuck-up peacock LadyFarebam must give me the order. I am no servant of Madam Kirkland. ' (To Ic continued.) 