JST. JAMES R.C. PRI SCHOOL. The annual concert dr t ta&nment;, and distribution of p 3 connection with St. James Primary School was held last To evening when the was a large a dance. tie progra was g, wort sheo ' played wit brautifu rhythmical eox y pression, and a chorus by the singing It class, comprising a number of daintily II costumed girls and a number of small r boys, was executed in first class style, e its effectiveness being increased by y lime-lights. blaster Whitty recited " Three Queer Little Fishes " very I nicely, and a duct. "Down the Dark Water," by blaster Cook and Miss -Johnstone, with violin obligato, was de a servedly applauded. Master Griffin was Sexceeding comidal as ' The Puzzled Dutchman." and succeed, d in creat'ng roars of laughter. A f ature in the a first part of the programme was the! 'wreath drill," executed by the girls, with lime-light effects. This was most picturesque and repeatedly dur ing its progress the audience greeted teh performers with entlhusiastic .ap a plause. bliss Woolford, who has a 3 very sweet voice, sang " The Meeting a of the Waters " most charmingly. The second part of the programme was D devoted to the representation of an u appropriate drama, entitled " The a House on the Avenue," the text of I which went to prove how vanity and a desire to live above one's station was, bouno to result in disaster and general a discomfiture. The vain and frivolous f wife was represented by Miss Dalton, r who gave a splendid portrayal of the character. Miss Johnstone was like wise excellentas Hannab. th, daughter who was fond of dress and fashion, while the part of the young lady who preferred to rule wisely and well in tlhe r home circle, and was opposed to pn f justifiable extravagance, was filled liy Miss Andrews in a manner that could t not be improved upon. Mr Field, the I worried husband, was admirably ini 1 personated by Master Dillon, and the \- Grandma of Miss Nelson was simply r splendid. Miss Dungan, in a characer sketch, impersonated Topsy-Turvey. I the naifd' f all worik, ini" a way that t caused a continuous simuler of laughter The other characters comprised two lady visitors by Misses Gcdbold arid Mackay, daughters of Mrs Field, and Ethel (Miss Bertolto) Bessie (Miss M. Dalton), Mary (Miss Phipps) and Susie (Miss Phelan). All these young ladies acted and spoke with surprising intelligence and ability. The whole I concluded with a grand chorus with limelight tableaux, composed by Mr SMurdoch Irving, entitled "' Australia's l Federal Banner." He': "They say she's worth half a mil-lion." She: "Well, she needs it in her business." He : " What's that ?" Site : "Looking for a husband." ' Bobby, did you 'eat.that little pia your mother made for you yesterday ? . Bobby . "No, sir, I gave it to my teacher." " Did she eat it ?" Bobby: "I suppose so. She wasn't at school to-day. Old doctor : "You have cured your patient. Now what are you worrying about ?" Young doctor : I--I don't knowi which one of the medicin'es cured him." Mrs Dawson i " No, Imy luiband hasn't done much for twenty-five years." Mrs Daley.; ". Fs be" been ian in vali all flhat time ?" I InIdWlo "No-; he's' a polie. mall. ' Friend : " Does it .pay to keep lodgers ?' 'Lodging-house Mistress: " It does, if they do," ... .... . . A wag recently saw an exceedingly pompous man walking in a street in London, whom he immediately accosted thus: " Sir, may I enquire if you are anybody in particular ?" Whistling is very injurious in the cold weather, as it dries the lips and finally cracks them. BScales are now made so delicate that signature on a piece of paper with a soft lead-pencil can be weighed. Five hundred and soventy-fouir thou sand children daily attend school in London. - IN Soaran? most people feel the need of a stimulant. If they take anything with I alcohol in it, they feel better for a time, I but the effect goes off very quickly and they want more. Tea and coffee, also, are only stimulants we could not live on them. There is a drink, however, which will support life; it is beef tea made with goe Meat Essence, which is the nicest of drinks, a strong stimulant, and a wholesome food, all in one, and it is just as good for children or invalids, as for the strongest man, while it costs less than alcoholic drinks. Mr .J. Nie mann, expert chemist, opposite the National Iank, Slwan-astreet, Richmond, I is the Manuflnadurer's agent for the Zoe Meat Essence, and sells it retail p Inc pots at Is, 3oa at 2. *d, and I0o; p' 5' Pu1 I- S ie. of virtue ; on the morrow she is to be '. publicly crowned. Elvino, her brother, congratulates her, and the villagers express their joy. As darkness ap prunches, the Count is informed that a phantom has lately appeared at night, terrifying the beholders. In the next scene, the supposed ghost ii beheld; but on- coming Inearer is recognised as Amina. She attempts to enter the church where the brown is s deposited for the coming c remony. As the jewels which formerly decorated the shrine of the Virgin have lately been stolen, Amina is suspected of visiting the place at night for' evil purposes. Her brother next day re proaches her, but she cannot under stand his anger. Her reputation is 1 lost; some of her friends visit the castle of the Count to ask him to a interfete on her behalf, and investigate the matter... On the night when he arrives for the purpose, Aminais again seen wandering ; it is then perceived site is in a state of sonambulism. This leads-to her exculpation, and a chorus of joy. The part of Amina, the village L favourite was admirably filled by Miss 1 Poole, while that of Elvino, her brother, was capitally rendered by Miss Mallin son. 'he Count found an able repre e sentative in Miss Maguire, and Misses Healey and Parer made bewitching r little villagers. A farce, " Fitzsmythe u of Fitzsmythe Hall." created great amusement, and all the young ladies a who took part are deserving of the highest praise for their elocution and their acting. The characters were allotted as follows:-Mr Filzsmyth, of Fitzsmythe Hall, Miss Doyle; Mrs Fitzsmythe, Miss O'Sullivan; Penelope her daughter, Miss Grimpood; Frank Tottenham, Miss A. Doyle , Gregory, r Miss Reyolds; First Cricketer, Miss Maguire Second Cricketer, Miss Parer- ~ iss Ford. The instrumental nomb ? C on tile pro gramme were contributed by Misses Muirhead, O'Sullivan, Maguire, A. L Doyle, Lardie. Parer, Keogh, Keensn, Poole, Mason, Poppens, ] ealey, Con way, Walsh, O'Hagan. Bates, Grin wood, Burden, McCarthy, Mallinison, while soap excelleut dancing (a gavotte) I~s executed in most graceful style by the Misses O'Sullivan Gor man, Maguire, Keenan, Burden, Keighran, Lane-M'Carthy, and Pop pens. The prizes were distributed by His Grae- the Archbishop, the awards being as under : PRIZES. Special prize for Christian Doctrine, qresented hy Messrs King and Sons, Annie Kelly. Special prizes for passing mntrieulation examination with honors, presented by A. Calder, Adela Lsrdi, Lizzie Hunt, Kathleen Gorman. Special prize fur music, presented by Mr Towl, Maggie Muirhead. Special prize for needlework,. presented by Messrs G. Robertsoa and Son, Mary O'Bagan. Special prize for painting, presented by Mr Bently, Millia, Poppens. Special prizes for fancy work, Geraldine Lane M'tarthy, Lizzie Healey, Nellie Reynolds. Special prize for mount melliek em. broidery. Josephine Parer. SSpecial Iriza for crayon drawing, Millie I'oppens Special prize for " pelling bee," proe Wsnted by Mr M'ClIan, Katie M'Mahon Special p'lze for mount mellick erm. brold.ry, rMend Esgerty. MATrIoULATIo? CLASs, E nglish-A. Conway lsar, A. Doyle 2nd French-A. Conway 1, N. Ieogh 2 Latin-A Conway 1 Arithmetic- A. Doyle 1, N. Keogh 2 Algebra-N. Keogh 1, A. Doyle 2 Oeometry-tN. Keogh r,A. Conway History-A. Conway 1, N. K~eogh 2 Geogosphy-A. Doyle 1. N. Keogh 2 Physiology-A. Conway 1, A. Doyle 2 3Np DgrIsxxO. .Enolish -M,. Muirhsad ?, A. Kell 23, J. Smith 3 . French--M. Mntrhea4 1, A. Kelly 2 Latln--D. Eagerty 1, T. Poole 2, J. Smith 3 Arithmetic~B. Dore 1, J. Smith 2 Oeometry-J. Smith 1 Iltory-A. Kel'y 1, J. Smith 2, T. T. Pooen'e 3 Geography--, IMuirhead l, A. Kelly 2, J. Smith 8 Physiology--J. Smi'h " Drawing--M. MUairhead 1. T. Poole 2 - Fancy plainwork-A. Kelly Mnsiafc--M. Muirhead 1. T. Peeoole 2 SUn.MATIntdoUILATIo CLAss.; Christian Doctrine-May IHally 1, Jose phine Parer 2, Mable Maidment 8 Highest number of marks for year--J, Parer English-Fanny Magsir I. , Parer 2, Maidment 3 Fiench-J. Parer 2. L. Ifeyley 5, F Arithmetic-F, Maguire i, M. -Hally %, N. Nlaly 3 Algebra-J. Parer 1, L: Healy 2 F Magoire 3 Geometty-J. Parer 1 .F. Maguire 2. Mi, allyS - Hi.tory--J. Parer I. F, Mrgnlire 2, M. lMaidmett 3 Geography-J, Parer 1, IJ, Healey 2, F. laguire S Physiology--J. Parer I, L.Healey 2, M, Maidment Rerdlng--M. Maidment 1, L.Healy 2, J. Parer 3 SDrawing-N. M'Carthy l, h. Mallinsoen 2 SPaintiog--M. Mslollinson l, N.M'Oarthy 2 SxTE CLAs, ? Christian noetrnn-T. Manaon 1 l, 