THE HOLT SEE AND ANGLI CAN ORDERS. « AUTHORISED TEXT OF THE BULL. ( Continued .) 4\. — Invariable Practice of the Holt See. The authority of Julius III. ancl of Paul IV., which we have quoted, clearly shows the origin of that practice which has been observed -without interruption for more than three centuries, that Ordinations con ferred according to the Edwardine rites should be considered null and void. This practice is fully proved by the numerous cases of absolute reordination according to the Oatholic rite even in Rome. In the observance of this practice we have a proof directly affecting the matter in hand. For if by any chance doubt should remain as to the true sense in which, these .Ponti fical documents are to be understood, the principle holds good that " Custom is the best interpreter of law." Since in the Church it has ever been a constant and established rule that it is sacrilegious to repeat the Sacrament of Order, it never could have come to pass that the Apostolic See should have silently acquiesced and tolerated such a custom. But not only did the Apostolic See tolerate this practice but approved and sanctioned it as often as any particular case arose which called for its judgment in the matter. We ad duce two facts of this kind out of many which have from time been submitted to the Supreme Council of the Holy Office. The first was (in 1684) of a certain French Calvanist, and the other (in 1704) of John Clement Gordon; both of whom had re ceived their Orders according to the Ed wardine ritual. In the first case, after a searching investigation, the consultors, not a few in number, gave in writing their answers — or, as they call it, their vota — and the rest unanimously agreed with their conclusion, "for the invalidity of their Ordination," and only on account of reasons of opportuneness did the Cardinals deem it well to answer by dilata (viz., not to for mulate the conclusion of the moment). The same documents were called into use and considered again in the examination of the second case, and additional written statements of opinion were also obtained from consultors, and the most eminent Doctors of the Sorbonne and of Douai were likewise asked for their opinion. No safe guard which wisdom and prudence could could suggest to ensure the thorough sift ing of the question was neglected. 6\. — Decree of Clement XI. and its Importance. And here it is important to observe that although Gordon himself, whose case it was, and some of the consultors had adduced, amongst the reasons which went to prove the validity, the Ordinations of Parker, according to their own ideas about it, in the delivery of the decision this reason was altogether set aside, as docu ments of incontestable authenticity prove. Nor, in pronouncing the decision, was weight given to any other reason than the "defect of. form and intention," and in order that the judgment concerning this form might be more certain and complete, pi-ecaution was taken that a copy of the Anglican Ordinal should be submitted to examination, and that with it should be collated the Ordination forms gathered together from the various Eastern and Western rites. Then Clement XI. himself, with the unanimous vote of the Cardinals concerned, on the " Feria V.,"# I7tli April, 1704, decreed: "John Clement Gordon shall be ordained from the beginning and unconditionally to all the Orders, even Sacred Orders, and chiefly of priesthood, and in case he has not been confirmed he shall first receive the Sacrament of Con firmation." It is important to bear in mind that this judgment was in nowise determined by the omission of the tradition of instruments, for in such a case, according to the established custom, the direction would have been to repeat the Ordination conditionally ; and still more important it is to note that the judgment of the. Pontiff applies universally to all Anglican Ordina tions. because, although it refers to a particular case, it is not based upon any reason special to that case, but upon the defect of form, which defect equally affects all these Ordinations; so much so, that when similiar cases subsequently came up t_>r decision the same decree of Clement XI. was quoted as the norma. T — The Question already Definitely Settled. Hence it must bo clear to everyone that the controversy lately revived had been already definitely settled by the Apostolic See, and that it is to the insufficient know ledge of these documents that We must perhaps attribute the fact that any Catho lic writer should have considered it still an open question. But, as We stated at the beginning, there is nothing we so deeply and ardently desire as to be of help to men of good will by showing- them the greatest consideration and charity. Whex-efore, We ordered that the Anglican Ordinal, which is the essential point of the whole matter, should be once more most carefully examined. 7\. — The Anglican Ordinal. In the examination of any rite for the effecting and administering of Sacrament, distinction is rightly made between the part which is ceremonial and that which is essential, usually called the matter and form. All know that the Sacraments of the New Law, as sensible and efficient signs of invisible grace, ought both to signify the grace which they effect, and effect the grace which they signify. Although the signification ought to be found in the whole essential rite — that is to say, in the form — it still pertains chiefly to the form, since the matter is the part not determined by itself, but which is determined by the form. And this appears still more clearly in the Sacrament of Orders, the matter of which so far as we have to consider it in this case, is the imposition of hands, which, indeed, by itself signifies nothing definite, and is equally used for several Orders and for Confirmation. But the words which until recently were commonly held by Anglicans to constitute the proper form of priestly Ordination — namely, "Re ceive the Holy Ghost," certainly do not in the least definitely express the Sacred Order of Priesthood, or its grace and power, which is chiefly the power " of consecrating and of offering the true Body and Blood of the Lord" (Council of Trent, Sess. XXIII., de Sacr. Ord., Can. 1), in that sacrifice, which is no " nude commemoration of the sacrifice offered on the Cross " (Ibid. Sess. XXII., de Sacrif. Missoe, Can 3). This form had indeed afterwards added to it the words " for the office and work of a priest," etc. ; but this rather shows that the Angli cans themselves perceived that the first form was defective and inadequate. But even if this addition could give to the form its due signification, it was introduced too i?Vu6j as a Ccuuiuy iiaci an Gticiy 6ic«ps6Ci sinco the adoption of the Edwardine Ordinal, for, as the hierarchy had become extinct, there remained no power of ordaining. In vain has help been recently sought for the plea of the validity of Orders from the other prayers of the same Ordinal. For to put aside other reasons which show this to be insufficient for the purpose in the Anglican rite, let this argument suffice for all : from them has been deliberately removed what ever sets forth the dignity and office of the priesthood in the Catholic rite. That form consequently cannot be considered apt or sufficient for the Sacrament which omits what it ought essentially to signify. The same holds good of episcopal conse cration. For to the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost," not only were the words " for the office and work of a Bishop," etc., added at a later period, but even these, as we shall presently state, must be understood in a sense different to that which they bear in the Catholic rite. Nor is anything gained by quoting the prayer of the preface, " Almighty God," since it, in like, manner, has been stripped of the words which denote the summuin sacerdotium. It is not here relevant to examine whether the Episcopate be a completion of the priest hood or an Order distinct from it, or whether when bestowed, as thev sav r>er saltum, on one who is not a priest it has or has not its effect. But the Episcopate, undoubtedly, by the institution of Christ, most truly belongs to the Sacrament of Orders, and constitutes the sacerdotium in the highest degree, namely, that which, by tiie teaching of the Holy Fathers and our liturgical customs, is called the " snmmuui sacerdotium, sacri ministerii summa." So it comes to pass that, as the Sacrament of Orders and the true sacerdotium of Christ were utterly eliminated from the Anglican fl/nfl f.li ft is in nn wise conferred truly and validly in the Episcopal consecration of the same rite, for the like reason, therefore, the Episcopate can in no wise be truly and validly con ferred by it ; and this the more so, because among the first duties of the Episcopate is that of ordaining ministers for the Holy Eucharist and Sacrifice. 8\. — The Mind and Aim of Those "Who Composed the Anglican Ordinal. For the full and accurate understanding of the Anglican Ordinal, besides what we have noted as to some of its parts, there is nothing more pertinent than to consider carefully the circumstances under which it was composed and publicly authorised. It would be tedious to enter into details, nor is it necessary to do so, as the history of that time is sufficiently eloquent as to the animus of the authors of the Ordinal against the Catholic Church, as to the abettors whom they associated with themselves from the heterodox sects, and as to the end they had in view. Being fully cognisant of the necessary connec tion between faith and worship, between the " law of believing and the law of praying," under a pretext of returning to the primitive form, they corrupted liturgi cal order in many ways to suit the errors of the reformers. For this reason in the whole Ordinal not only is there no clear mention of the sacrifice, of consecration, of the sacerdotium, and of the power of I consecrating and offering sacrifice, but I I as we have just stated, every trace of these things, which had been in such prayers of the Catholic rite as they had not entirely rejected, was deliberately removed and struck out. In this way the native character — or spirit as it is called — of the Ordinal clearly manifests itself. Hence, if vitiated in its origin, it was wholly insuf ficient to confer Orders, it was impossible that in the course of time it could become sufficient since no change had taken place. In vain those who, from the time of Charles I., have attempted to hold some kind of sacrifice or of priesthood have made some additions to the Ordinal. In vain, also has been the contention of that small section of the Anglican body formed in recent times, that the said Ordinal can be under stood and interpreted in a sound and orthodox sense. Such efforts, We atfirm have been and are made in vain, and for this reason, that any words in the Anglican Ordinal, as it now is, which lend them selves to ambiguity, cannot be taken in the same sense as they possess in the Catholic rite. For once a new rite has been initiated, in which, as we have seen, the Sacrament of Orders is adulterated or denied, and from which all idea of con secration and sacrifice has been rejected, the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost " no longer holds good; because the Spirit is infused into the soul with the grace of the Sacrament, and the words, "tor the office and work of a priest or Bishop" and the like no longer hold good, but remain as words without the reality which Christ instituted. Several of the more shrewd Anglican interpreters of the Ordinal have perceived the force of this argument, and they openly urge it against those who. take Ordinal in a new sense and vainly attach to the Orders conferred thereby a value and efficacy which they do not possess. By this same argument is refuted the conten tion of those. who think that the prayer " Almighty God, giver of all good things," which is found at the beginning of the ritual action, might suffice as a legitimate form of Orders, even in the hypothesis that it might be held to be sufficient in a Catholic rite approved by the Church. (To be continued.) 