6 . '' u II CUPID'S IET. Uy the Author of 'Tliu Ronianco of Poor Lives,' &c.; CUAPTBR VI. THK 1K«1TK8T. 11 Love is made a vague regret.' ' Did you notice anything unusual iu bis appfiiranrn ?' . ? ' Noibiug,' he answered, in tho same brief tone, ' except that ho walked rather quickly up tho stairs — that is all.' ' (Jan you state the precise time of the occurrence ?' ' Yes ; it was exactly a quarter-past twelve by the hall clock.' i ' 'I think yon arc a little out of your reckoning,' Huggested the Coroner, after a pause. ' Think again. I slionld, perhaps, remind yon,' lie added, severely, ''that this is a court of justice for the time, and admits no personal feoling, no sentiment, to stand in the way of the administration of the same. If yon will recollect, the last witness positively affirms that, the clock was just, on tho stroke of one when he saw the licensed cuter the lilmiry, while according to your statement he left at three-quarters of an hour Icl'ore that time, and more than lialf-an-hour before the deceased himself entered.' 'It is just possihle that he may have returned unknown- to witness,' .suggested a juror, qnicily. 5'Tlisit. cotilJ bnrdly hnppeii,' an swered the witness, decidedly ; 'and I am bound to say the buder must have ' 'hcen niHlnlUii:, for till the hour he men-, tions. 1 know for certain the accused' wns in the armour room of the North , ' How came yon to be aware of this?' ' I was in tho snme place at that , time, though unknown to the accused. ' He had that evening been joking about the Oas'li's 'traditional-ghost, and I went to prove the veracity of tho story.' ' Were you the only person present besides the accused ?' A dead silenc. The Corotwr repeated bis question. 'There was one other — a. lady The answer came with a visible effort that was not lost upon the Coroner. 'He fancied, he began' to delect some false swearing, aud his voice betrayed a rising anxiety as be said, shortly — 11 Be so good as to state that person's name.' 1 ' I should prefer not to do so.' ' I retgret to say I must press tho question.' The Coroner's voice was decided, his gravo fuce severe. Tho young duke had becomo ghastly. ' Is it necessary 7' he queried, hoarsely. 'Would it not be sufficient for mo to write the name on a slip of paper for your porusal only 7' 'I fear1 not. This is a very serious matter, and tho person in question must be brought forward as a witness, like yoursolf. Kindly stoto the name.' Thore was another pause of anxious, bneathless silence. Every ear strained to catch the answer. The round face of the Earl of Kilikrco woro an expression of blank amazement land suppressed annoyance, in which thoro was just 8 soupyon of amusement, a secret delight in scenting a ''spice of dovilry ' — a glimpse of one of those little escapades for which he was so famoua in his youth. Mrs. Mainwor . ring had becomo deathly. As for the accused, ho inado a quick movement, and half rose from his chair, cs if be ?would stop tho proceedings, but nn officer touched his shoulder with a sig nificant gesture, and he sank down 1 again/breathing heavily. ToClire Cuxton it was a moment' thot comes but once iu a lifetime — a moment that is an eternity of mental con flicts — a tumult of conflicting douhts between be'.ieE in Dnbray's guilt, pain at, dragging the namn of tho girl hn loved into the slighest breath of scandal, and her own appeal to savo her lover. A cold sweat stood on his brow, and for a momeDt tho great hall seemed to reel around him. Then with a supreme effort, ho lifted his 'eyes, and sent one swift, piercing glance to whero Norali Crosswell sat, her head bent forward eargerly, her eyes fixed on the young duke's face. Was it his fancy, that 'those eyes implored him — that in cnery lino and g'estavo he saw her whole heart breathing out the prayer, ' For my sake save him ' ? Then, through the iutonso 31'lence — such silence that oue might bavo heard a pin drop-— the words fell, slowly and distinctly — ' LadyNorah Oresswel!.' ' It is false ! ' — the girl started to her feet, her face pale, her oyes blazing. 'A shameless libel ! , How dare yon malign uiw nnmrt ? ' Slin Btnnri. nno qlnmlnr hand resting on her father's shoulder, proud, indignant, while at her words a little murmur of sympathy and indigna tion ran through the room, and the ac cused would have started to his feet, when the Coroner stopped him with a quick action of his hand, and in a loud, stern voice demanding siience, was abont to address tho witness, when from her seat, half hidden behind the onlookers, Mrs. Muiuwarring roso. Something in her look caused overyoue to stand aside, and make room for her to pass, as she moved slowly, and begged permission to speak. Her lovoly face was quite while, and there woro dark circles under her heavily .fringed eyes, but her fair face had never ? spumed sweeter or more womanly than at that moment, as sho bent towa.-ds the Coroner with a graceful doprecating ges ture, that soothed his rising Irish anger at what had taken place, unparalleled in tho record of inquosta since he had held the office of a county Coroner, With perfect composure, and without a glance at tho sea of astonished facos around her, sho took the chair tho Cor oner iudicated — more, pehaps, in tribute to her beauty than to her womanhood ; whil'J tlio acinisud sank back jn bis chair, and dropped his head on his brras', his eyes softening and darkeniug with deep emotion. 'The lost witness is simply 1-ibonring under a little mistake,' she Bind, very clearly ami distinctly. '? Iu everything else lie is perfectly correct, but I, not Lady Creswell, was in the armour room at the time mentioned, with the ac cused. I had borrowed the gown Lady Norah had worn that same evening, pur posing — unknown to her — -to personate the ghost, in a moment of fun, the ac cused alone being in the secret. I trust tnat my explanation win oe sumcicni. After a Few more questions, this ended the examination of witn'essea, and the jury retired to consider their verdict, in the library of the castle — a vordictawaited in deathly silence.' No one spoke. It seemed us though an embarassment, a surprise too great for words, coupled with the keenest. anxiety as- to the result, bad fallen on all present. Tho accused did not lift his head, excopt at the sudden sharp closing of the door, ns Clive Bux ton, not, caring to glance as a soui pre sent, much leas afc his host's daughter, disgraced in his own eyes, ahamed through all his nature nfc his mad blunder, and beside himself with anger and indignation at the acknowledged perfidy of Florence Mainwarring and Dubray, turned on his heel and abruptly, quitted the hall. Soon the tratcp of feet announced that the jury were return ing, and slowly filed into the room and their places, and the usual formula was through. For once in his life, perhaps, the coroner felt that his office was a Hard one, as he looked at the bent head of the accused — this man in the prime of his life, and one of his own profession, await ing the word that wonld mean his release or conviction, and in either case going ?throngh all the preliminary steps towards banging ; and saw the pale, anxious faces around, and the agonised look in the eyes of ihe beautiful woman who had rislrnrl li*r rnnnfaitinn for that man's sake. And, in spite of himself, his voice was a little hoarse as ho put the momentous questions. (7b be Continued.) 