" A NO ACCOUNT NIGGAH. M name was Rafferty. How XV a coffee-colored mulatto came by it, no one knew. When the batch of recruits with which lie reported were distributed, " L" Troop found him on its rolls. He seemed only a boy, not more than nineteen, and possessed of a boy's care lessness. From the start he was con tinually getting into trouble. Nothing serious, for he was not vicious ; simply little things. Cut it is attention to little things that makes up a good portion of a soldier's existence, and, in this respect, Rafferty was the trial of his troop com mander's life. He had started as a trumpeter, but a few months later was sent back to the ranks, " He's de most triflin' niggah, sub, in de hul field-music," explained the old band leader to the regimental adjutant, the day Rafferty lost his trumpeter's stripes. " He kin play ef be wants to, but he nevah wants to," I Nelson added, shaking his grizzled head angrily at the boy, who stood there, cap in hand, the picture of injured innocence. Whenever it came bis turn to act as room orderly, he seldom failed getting either himself or some other man hauled over the coals, owing to a habit be bad of sweeping the dirt of the squad room under some bunk and then forgetting to remove it before the morning inspection was made. The first time he was assist ant cook, he made half the troop deathly sick by making their coffee in an old soup boiler that he had neglected to scour out. He was nearly mobbed in consequence, bnt, upon hearing that he bad been made sick by drinking his own coffee, the troop finally let him off. In a few months his captain heartily wished lie bad never heard the name of Rafferty. Nearly every morning old Jordan, the first sergeant, would report some fresh trouble that the youngster had got him self into the day before, always ending bis tale of woe with the remark, " He suttinly, sub, is a most no account niggab." One day it was the fact that Rafferty had planted all the onions in the company garden with their roots up that roused the sergeant's wrath. Another time it was the lad's use of emery on the inside of hiB carbine,-as he said, to get it bright,-with the re sult that the rifling was ruined, and with it the shooting powers of his gun. The stable sergeant was About the only one who had a good word for him. " He may be wuthless," the latter once said, " but be do know 'ow to take care uv a boss, and be kin ride alongside de best man in de troop." This latter fact waB Captain Torrey's pcly consolation the following April when " L" Troop went into the field. It was hard work that scouting in New Mexico, bard alike on man and borse. Yet with all the bruises, rough riding, and sca^'cy rations, there were no signs of discontent 6n any of the dusky races that made up the rank ar.u tile. When a horse slipped and carried its rider clattering down some steep arroyo, the latter, as be emerged, covered with dust and grime, and oftentimes with some nasty cuts and bruises, would re ceive some such greeting as, " Yo-ho, yer rides a boss lak a dough-boy." " Don't you know, niggah, a boss warn't a camel wid a hump to hole on by ?" This life just suited Rafferty. There was no perpetual polishing of brasses, cleaning of clothes, or blacking of boots, as in barracks. To be sure, be had to keep bis horse in good condition, hi6 carbine and revolver serviceable, but these tasks he really enjoyed. Besides, bis bunk didn't need to be swept under each morning, as in barracks, for here mother earth was his couch, and bis saddle his pillow. There was no cook's police with its everlasting scouring of pans and washing of dishes. Here every man carried his own things and took care of them in his own way. Each night he sat about the camp fire and drank in the stories of scouts of yearB gone by. He looked on old Jor dan with greater awe than ever, when he beard of how the latter with twenty-five men bad defended the women and child ren at Fort Tuleroso, when Victoria and over a hundred Apaches attacked it in the absence of the troops. The medal of honor that he had seen the first ser geant wear on a few state occasions, when the troop was paraded, took on a new meaning to him as be beard tbe particulars of bow it was won at Las Animas Canon, where Jordan's coolness had saved the troop from destruction. Other tales he heard of how men lived and died in the old days " rite aftah de wah," when the regiment had been in Texas and Arizona. Some of them were grnesome enough, especially those of the torture that the Apaches inflicted on prisoners, and the oft-repeated remark of tbe stable sergeant, " Yeh bin a heap bettah off ef yeh fights till dey kills yeh, fo' bullits don't hu't lak fire," sank deep into his mind. Late one afternoon in May, when they had been orer a month in the field, and were heading towards Fort Wingnte for repairs, two prospectors came into camp with the news of another Apache out break. Victoria, Nunez, or other equally reckless renegades, were at their old tricks again, driving off cattle, burning houses, and killing tbe owners thereof. It was just their regular spring outing. They would be chased to their mountain fastnesses after an all- summer's cam paign, then surrender and go back to the reservation, only to repeat this game of hide-and-seek the next year. The Great Father was very patient with his Indian children, and after catching seldom pun ished them. Captain Torrey knew nil this but too well. If he could only get word to Wingate in time, they might get the hostiles between two fires, and ' thus give the band a much-needed beating. The pvospectois brought word that the Indians were heading towards the Big Dry Wash, but could be intercepted by troops from Wingate if the latter got word the next morning. Sixty miles of rough riding in ten hours. That was what it meant to get news to Wingate, with chances ten to one of the messenger being killed on the road. The troop could ill spare a man, j as it was none too strong for the work now before it. Yet a despatch must be sent, and that, too, without delay. He was a raw recruit indeed who didn't know the danger this detail brought. Messengers had gone out before from the troop and bad never returned. So a hush fell on the chattering group of men when tbe first sergeant came up and ordered Thomas to report to the captaiu. A short, heavy-set man rose painfully to his feet as he beard the ser geant speak, but cheerily said, " Well, boys, I guess that hits me." The men eyed him in silence for a moment, each mentally reckoning his chances of getting through. One of them, slowly lifting a piece of bacon from the fire, at length drawled out, " He ain't fit. Yeh know de fall dat he had day fo' yesterday. You'd bettah le' me go." And, suiting his actions to his words, the speaker went to bis kit and began getting it ready, as if nothing more was to be said. It was Rafferty, Rafferty the careless, Rafferty the worthless, Rafferty about whom Thomas himself had once de clared that he couldn't " foil Gawd see w'at de recruitin' officer was thinkin' uv w'en he enlisted sich trash." Old Jordan shook bis head doubtfully at such a proposition, saying, " I'll hare to see de captin fust." But Rafferty went on with his preparations, and had about finished when the answer came back, " Hit's all right. Yer to repo't in a half hour fo' yer orders. Yer to have yer pick uv the bosses." The youngster simply no/uded and re plied, " I'll tak m' own," a half hour later Rafferty was Viding out of camp on that big raw-'^oned bay that, according to the bo;y) « had blood in 'im, sub." In his cars were ringing the words of tba.t, old army song that the troop had started as he waved bis hand in farewell. The echoes still floated over the gravel and sandy wastes about him : " Oh de drums would roll Upon me soul, Dis am de way we'd go, Fo'ty miles a day on beans an' hay, In dc regular Army Oh." But Rafferty was thinking only of the parting instructions of Captain Torrey, which were, " Follow our trail back to Las Animas Canon and then go due north till you strike the road to Win gate. Give these despatches to the commandant there. Spare your horse all you can the first half. It's a good sixty miles and you must make it to night." Little had Rafferty besides bis ammu nition and despatches. Every super fluous weight was laid aside, since each extra ounce counts as pounds before a sixty- mile ride is finished. Save when here and there some coyote set up his mocking howl, tbe voices of the night were silent. Unusually so it seemed to the boy as be urged his horse onward into the darkness. At first every Bbadow was an Apache, every hollow, every bit of cactus con cealed a hostile Indian. But that wore off in time. The rising moon brought him light, and with light came courage. The night was nearly over, and the worst of bis journey was over with it. Not more than ten miles of the Wingate trail remained to be traversed. Still he jogged on, now at a sharp walk, now at a gallop, but most often at the slow trot that is the cavalry man's main reliance in potting those long weBteru miles be hind him. Already the light of another day was seen in the cast, yet the sandy wastes about him looked doubly desolate in the morning twilight. Wearied by the long ride, be found himself nodding in the saddle in spite of his efforts to remain awake. Suddenly, without warning, his tired horse snorted with terror and made a quick leap to one side, that would hare unseated almost any other rider than Rafferty. The latter was all attention now. Un consciously, his right hand reached down and loosened the flap of the holster as he gathered his horse and peered forward into the dim light of the morning. Be fore he could make up his mind how to act, a low, plaintive cry came stealing across the sand from his left. As he heard it, all the stories of ghosts and hoodoos that had tormented him during the early watches of the night came back with redoubled force. It seemed as if his heart thumped louder than the kettledrums of the band at dress parade. In the shadowy light he could sec the dark body of a man stretched out before him on the sand. Another glance showed him that it was that of a cavalry sergeant, still clutching his carbine in one hand and a half-filled canteen in the othe.\ As he reined in his frightened steed for a closer look, that cry came again, but this time plainer than before. Then his courage came back. Wheel ing his horse to the left, he rode slowly in the direction of the sound. Even in that dim gray light, one glance was enough. Two soldiers and a boy, nine or ten years old, jumped by Indians, and horses killed. The two little heaps of empty shells were silent witnesses as to how the men had stood off the savages till nightfall. Both had evidently died of their wounds during the night; one, the sergeant, while trying to bring water to the others. The boy was still living, though apparently wounded in the bead. It took but a moment for Rafferty to dismount, replace the rough bandage that had fallen from the boy's head, and then lift the little fellow into the saddle in front of him. Holding the child in his disengaged arm, the trooper gave his tired horse the spur and hastened down the Wingate trail. The morning sun was beginning to fleck the tops of the foothills with bright bits of gold, as horse and rider clattered down a dry wash that told him he was nearing his journey's end. The little fellow on his arm kept moaning from time to time as he lay limp and helpless against the breast of the young cavalry man. Just as bis horse was wearily climbing the farther bank, Rafferty saw three naked figures running low along the bed of the wash five hundred yards away. It needed no second look to tell even his inexperienced eyes, that they were Mescalero Apaches. With spur and word he urged his poor overladen horse onward. For a few brief moments he drew away from them. Gould he keep it up half-an-hour he would be in sight of Wingate. Every bit of sage-brush and greasewood that he passed seemed burned into his brain. He rode, so he thought, for hours, though the sun was barely up. He kept glancing to the rear now and then, but saw nothing more of his pursuers. He even began to flatter himself, as he gal. loped down the broad trail, that he had distanced them or else passed unnoticed. But only a recruit like Rafferty would have induldged in thoughts like these at such a time. No old campaigner against Victoria, Nunez, Geronimo, or any of their relatives would ever hope to pass an Apache unnoticed, or to distance him on a tired troop horse, even though the Indians were on foot. Nor did Rafferty think so a moment later, when, ap parently from the very sage-brush, some six hundred yards from the trail, sprang three dusky forms bent on cutting him oft. He plunged his spurs again and Bgain into his horse's sides, but even horse flesh has its limits of endurance and the poor beast failed to respond. Seeing the hopelessness of escape in that direc tion, Rafferty, like a hunted hare, sud denly wheeled to the right and started for the foot-hills. What he expected to do if he reached them, he never knew. It was like a drowning man catching at a straw. The child had now become a heavy burden both to him and to his horse, but never once did the trooper falter in his course, or think of saving himself at the expense of the little fellow on his arm. On, on he plunged. Soon the wicked swish, swish of the bullets could be heard. Spat, spat they went in the sand about him. Once it seemed as if a red hot iron seared his ankle. His foot dropped from the stirrup, but he felt no further pain. The horse suddenly shied to one side, staggered and fell heavily, throwing Rafferty and the child head long among the rocks and sagebush. Quickly as he could recover himself, he threw the child behind the dying horse, and, painfully crawling forward, re covered his carbine. On came his pursuers, clad only in the breech-clout, their long black hair streaming in the wind. It took him but a moment to slip in a cartridge and open on the nearest of the Apaches. As the smoke cleared away he stared in amaze ment ; not a soul was in sight. A .oeond later he dropped fiat as be saw a puff of smoke come from behind a solitary piece of sage, some four hundred yards away, that looked too small to hide a bird, much less a human being. Bafferty immediately opened fire on that sagebush and every other suspicions clamp -within range. Every now and then he wonld see puffs of smoke that kept coming nearer and nearer, and would hear the spat of the bullets in the carcass of the old troop horse or on the rocks back of him. And so half-an j hoar passed. As the boy took off his belt for greater ease in firing, he saw, to his horror, that scarcely ten cartridges were left him out of his sixty. Soon these would be gone, and then-? Suddenly, as if in answer to hie ques tion, the firing of the Indians ceased. He thought they were again creeping forward, and wasted fire of those precious cartridges on bits of bunch grass two hundred yards away. Then, lying flat on the grouud, he listened. Was it the thumping of his own heart that he heard? No, it couldn't be. That faint but regular thud, thud, thud, could come only from a troop of cavalry sweep ing forward on a gallop. Soon they burst on his view over the swell of ground on his right. He tried to raise himself to his feet, but toppled over in the attempt. Again he tried, and this time, using his carbine as a crutch, was successful. Never in his short service had he seen a finer sight than that of the troop advancing, Hankers and skirmishers well ahead. On they swept with a ringing cheer as they saw Bafferty stand up beside his dead horse. A moment later one of the troopers reined up before him. " Hi there," he called, " dey come mighty close to catcbin' ye dat time. Are ye hu't ?" " Not much; got some despatches fur de kunnel, tho', an' I found this 'ere boy little way back. He's hu't some." " My, if that ain't Captain Thurs ton's boy who we's a-lookin' fo'." The troop commander stopped any further conversation by ordering four men to take the wounded soldier and the child back to the post as fast as horse flesh could carry them. The other troopers pressed on in pursuit of the Indians. An hour later they lifted Bafferty from the saddle before the colonel. The boy attempted a feeble salute as he handed his despatches to that officer. " Take that man to the surgeon at once. He's badly hurt," said the latter, as he saw the blood-splashed boot the soldier wore. The doctor, after cutting the boot away, found that the bones of the ankle bad been utterly crushed. He shook his head, muttering, " I don't see how he has lasted so long." Then turning to the boy he said, " Bafferty, I've got to cut off your foot. It's only hanging by a thread." "Nevah mind, doctab," said the young trooper, suddenly raising himself up in bed. " Boys," he added, " hit's erbout time to open another box of hard tack,"-and then collapsed. Two days later, after the fight at Big Dry Wash, when the troop first heard of his death, the stable sergeant glanced around and said," Well, fo' a no account nlggab, be had lots uv sand." And no man said him nay. 