(TO THE EDITOR OF THE KERANG TIMES.) Sir, — Knowing that you are always willing to allow space for the ventilation of a just cause I take the liberty of craving your indulgence. To be silent would be equally as deserving of censure as the council. Much has been written and spoken relative to contract monopoly and questionable practices adopted. The almost impenetrableness of secret conclaves commonly known as com- mittees renders the discovery of their modus operandi almost impossible. At the last meeting of the Swan Hill Shire Council there were 24 contracts tendered for aggregating about £752. The Kerang contractors (4) reaped £583 1 5s 11d, J, Livingstone securing 14 contracts for a total sum of £441 17s 3d, while the country or outside contractors (4 also) managed to get £167 19s 3d, the difference between town and country being £415 16s— an exceptionally good pull. That Mr Livingstone was fortunate enough to congratulated on, but the wisdom of the council in letting more than 3 or 4 contracts to one man might reasonably be questioned as extraordinary and exceptional. Contract No. 8 (£16 10s) was tendered for by Madden and Col- lins, their only tender. They tied with Livingstone bat Livingstone got it,, notwithstanding the contracts he held. It would be wrong, Mr Editor, in fact wicked, to say that the councillors acted other than with the purest intentions and in the best interests of the rate payers, and I suppose to say otherwise would be libellous, but it would be wise for the ratepayers to carefully note the progress and termination and who actually carried out the work of the contracts now in the hands of the Ke- rang herculean contractor. The donat- ing of £8 to the - Kerang band rotunda, is worthy of note these hard times. The ridings' quota, £2 each, is certain- ly not large, but why country ratepayers' should contribute or be asked to con- tribute to anything so particularly beneficial to Kerang itself as an allure- ment for the coutry folks to stay in the town and spend money is a mystery to me. Music is very nice but the country notes are touch strained and discordant through drought and mis- fortune ; too much so, I think, for even the Kerang Brass Band on a raised rotunda or the "good spirit" of O'Donneli to ameliorate. The omis- sion of approving of the cleaning out of the Budgerum tank appears to have been a mistake likely to prove disadvan- tageous, for I am informed that since the regular meeting it has been decided to call tenders. The ghost of severance must have been about surely. Sever- ance is a good card, no doubt, and the cunning ones, mean enough to sacrifice honesty for trickery, are not slow to make use of it as a trump card. Bridges, culverts, tanks, anything but severance. The action of the council in direct op- position to their engineer respecting the legitimate distribution of the Avoca water within our territory is open to serious argument and severe criticism. Councillors Hogan and M'Kay will have to elucidate matters some day. Severance was never more needed than at the present moment. — Yours, etc., JOHN C. GAMBLE. Budgerum, March 12th, 1896. 