The A.J.C. Spring Handicaps. (By "Martindale.") The Sydney sporting public, or rather thait portion who appear to do nothing else' for a living ¡but attend race meetings and back horses,: have plenty to engage their attention for the next three .months to come. The last lot of handicaps issued to.'them-are.for the ¡Epsom Handicap and Metro politan. These 'were put forth on Monday last hy Mr. Thompson, and taken as a whole are very well framed. As a ¡matter of course, there are horses in both events that do not appear to have a ghost of a cha-nce, and it would hardly be pos sible to frame a handicap in which they could be given a chance. The only wonder is that own ers of such ^moderates as we often see nominated for important handicaps have courage enough to send in their names. In the Epsom Handicap Delaware is placed at the head of the list with 9s't S'lb. He is an undoubtedly good horse, but it is doubtful if he can carry his weight and gallop the distanoe in the time, about Imln 40%sec, that this, luce ls pretty sure ito be run in if it is a fine day and the going sound. Now Hopscotch has proved himself.a splendid weight carrier, and so has Brookleigh. In fact, this pair look to hold little Preston, though he ls a good little fellow, safe, and Waterfall has never done anything to entitle him to 9st Gib, up alongside Brookleigh. True Blue ls another that has got his full share. Valiant ls a fine strong colt that a bit of weight should not troublé, and Loyalty ds not badly treated, but he is a doubtful ©barter, already hav dng wrenched a fetlock, so that he may not be able tc train on. At 8st Gib Newhaven looks to have a splendid chance, and as he is not in the Derby, this colt may toe brought over. Trentham, Sst 31b, reads very well, and the same may be said of Seneschal and Messmate. Nada, Gozo czar,- and Tire are a trio that should run well. A karin! has no t been harshly treated at 7s t 81b, and Slr Arthur has such a reputation as a gallop er that his friends should be satisfied with 7st 61b. Another that the public have been watching for ©onie time past is Bay Sal, and there is little doubt but what the double-event merchants will ¡be called upon to write her name frequently, as she is a known galloper. Reka has not been harshly treated, hut ¡the lot below him are not very promising, and perhaps the only dangerous ones amongst them may be Admonition, The Her mit, The King, and Navarine. To pick out a dozen that please me ¡best, I should select HOPSCOTCH NEWHAVEN BROOKLEIGH . VALIANT TRENTHAM ' MESSMATE SENESCHAL TIRE AKARINI SIR ARTHUR BAY SAL THE HERMIT At lOst 21b Wallace has a bare chance in the Metropolitan.* It is a lot of weight, and no doubt the horse will be a non-acceptor, but no less, weight could hardly have been put on the crack without spoiling the ¡worlc. Wallace would be pretty sure to heat all the top weights, unless it might be Brookleigh, if the latter were at his best. Bob Ray, well, would be up with him at every part of-the race. The Trier has been out so often lately that he looks to have no chance ac 8st 71b, but Ruenalf appears to be coming on, and may be a very hard horse to beat, also Toreador, Trentham, and Fort. Nada has been left with a chance at 7st 111b, and Tire at 21b loss reads very well. The light weights are a poor lot when they are looked over, except, per haps, Akarinl, who has given evidence that she can gallop by winning the Royal Stakes. Survivor is one that may go a journey, and Reka's owner anight change Ms mlud aud send him du this race in place of waiting for Caulfield or Melbourne. Ellengerah, is another likely sort, and of the others First Shot and The King may be the best. The lot that please one best are as follow: BOB RAY , TIRE RUENALP SURVIVOR TOREADOR. ELLENGERAH TRENTHAM FIRST SHOT NADA AKARINI 