CHRIST CHURCH, SOUTH TABBA. INAUGURAL SERMON. BY THE REV. STEPHEN HAST, B.A. The following is a fall text of the inaugural sermon delivered by the Bev. Stephen Hart, B.A., of Christ Church, South Yarra, on Sunday evening lust. The text was taken from the tenth chapter of St. John and the 16th verse : — ' Other Sheep I have which are not oE this Fold, them also I most bring.' Before speaking of the subject which this veree introduces to us. the subject whicb the morning lesson and the epistle and Gospel for the day all speak of, Christ the Good Shepherd, 1 would have you notice one very striking expression in it. Perhaps you have not considered how very wonderful it is. 1 mean the last words, ' I most bring.' We say, ' I must,' because we are conscious that we arc not our own masters, because our wills are subject to the laws of our human nature . so tliat a necessity is laid uponus to act in a particular manner, or because some other man has the right to lay his commands upon ns ; or because we arc under what we call a moral obligatiou, God having spoken to us through one conscience, or through some other of the means by which He makes known to us His wilL In any case our ' must' means that we are subject to a Higher Power. I must say it means in all cases that we are subject to God, for we obey the human powers that be not only for wrath but for conscience sake, and the laws of nature also are the voice of God. They are the expressions of His consistency, of our assurance that as He acted in time past so will He act in the future. They are God's own 'I must.' They are the law? whicb He has made for Himself in accordance with which it is His purpose to work. We cannot too much insist on the invariability of the laws of nature within their several provinces, though we may err in what we hold to be a law of nature, or in applying it where it never was meant to be, because this invariability is but another way of slating St. Paul's great truth that God abideth faithful, He cannot deny Himself. Now when Christ says, ' Them also I must bring,' He is speaking with the abideth faithfulness, the unalterable con -istency of God. The whole passage assures us that His ' I must,' is not the word of a mere man, or spoken only in His human nature. Throughout it He is claiming superhuman powers, as tJic door, the only one by which the sheep can enter, as the Shepherd, all others who came before Him l-eing thieves and robbers, as the Shepherd Himself and no hireling, for He can speak of all men as His own sheep. He is foretelling both the atonement and the resurrection. ' I lay down My life for the sheep.' ' I have po.ver to lay it down, and I have power to take it again,' When He says ' I must' it is because He is making known to us the eternal purpose of God of which no least part can. fail. And this eternal purpose, then, is our Salvation, that we should be all His sheep. I cannot stay to point out all the fulness of meaning that the title ' The Goo.1 Shep herd' conveys to us, nor is there any need. From yoar childhood it has brought before vour minds visions *-f the ever w atchf ul tenderness of our Saviour, of the heavenly food which He has provided for us, of the love that seeks and saves those that were lost, of the patience, the self-sacrilice, the yearnings of that search, of the Fold which He has established for us even here in the wilderness of this life. You would be pleased, doubtless, to have your thoughts directed, however imperfectly, to this delightful, ever new, ever most comforting theme. But this evening it is more useful that we should ask ourselves, ' What is the fold, who are the sheep ?' The fold is of course the Church of Christ. No other interpretation, so far as I am aware, has ever been suggested. Men differ as to the limits of the church, but they are as^reed that these limits are the walls of Christ's Fold. We rejoice to believe in the widest possible extension of them. We assert, agreeing as Bsual with the gieat Eastern Church, that the Catholic Faith is that -:very baptised person is a member of the Catholic Church. Another may sayFthat lie is no Christian unless he leads the life that a Christian ought to live, ..r that it is needful that he be in com munion with the Church of Home, or that he 1* marted out, according to the Calvimst doctrine, as predestined to eternal salvation. In such ways we know that many try to inake narrower the bounds of the Fold. We are not tempted to follow their ex ample. Christ is tbe Door. Baptism into Christ is the means, the only means, and the sufficient means, of entrance into the church. For some limits we must make. There cannot be a fold without walls. It is the one fact which the metaphor of Christ does clearly convey to our minds that the church is an ecclesia, an assembly called together out of tho world, a chosen people, a peculiar itossession. We, as members of the Church, have been made the objects of the special favour of God ; we are the elect, we have privileges which He has not granted to thousands more earnest, more ready to obey, than we are, who yet wore out their lives in heathen darkness, seeking light and finding none, or finding but a dim promise of light in the secret places of their own souls — a promise which surely in the world of the departed, God has begun to fulfil. For they also are His sheep. That is tbe point that sometimes we all are in danger of forgetting. We speak of the Church as if it included all whom God loves, all whom He cares for, all whom He is preparing to save And we forget that Christ has other sheep who are not of this fold. They are men, perhaps, who never heard His name. They are men again who blaspheme His name habitually, denying the truth ol the Christian Belijnon. They are men of evil Jives, 6tupid in all manner of wickedness, but they are the sheep of Christ in spite of it all. St. Peter wrote his epistle to people of this kind— to those who bad, so for as belief was concerned, lived in a vain conversation received by tradition from their fathers, to those who, so tar as their actions were concerned, had walked in lasciviousness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings and abomin able idolatries. And how does the apostle describe that period of their lives 7 'Ye ?wei»,' he says, 'as sheep going astray.' For however much they wandered from the truth in deed and thought, they were, and must remain, the sheep of Christ. Who then can be excepted from the flock 1 If heathen, and such heathen as ' we know the old Greeks and Romans to have been In Bt. Peter's day. are included what possible darkness of mind, or sinful nere of heart can exclude any man. The flock of Christ is extensive with the human race, The death He died was the atone ment for all, for He took away the sin of the world. Of the love which sent Him for our salvation. He says 'God so loved the world.' We have a right to say that God U..4...11. ....tUimfv tliat TXo has mfl/1l» tliSlt. TTp. desireth not the death of any shiner, but that he should turn from his wickedness and live. We have a right to profess our belief '- in God the son who hath redeemed us and all mankind.' It is a glorious and an inspiring truth. It is one which I rejoice to set before you as my first word to you in this place, that of all the millions of this world's inhabit ants of all the countless millions that have gone before, or that thall folUw us, there is not one whom we dare to shut out from tbe love of the Father, not one who is not of the flock of Christ — not one who: shall not in His good time hear the voice of Mis Shepherd, andiave the opportunity given to him of being numbered with the hosts of the evei blessed. I^et us give thanks to God that He has been pleased to make known to us the love which is His nature, that we need never have to say either of ourselves or of anyone, ' I am cast ont of the sight, of Thine Eyas' bat that rather when He seems to have shnt op His loving ; kindness in displeasure, we may say, ' It is our own infirmity. His mercy is over -ill His works! Not over the church only, bat over the other sheep who ace not of the told.' . Far be it from me to iinake little' even fora moment of the incalculable Messing which membership of the church brings with it. Though the heathen are within God's band, and partakers of His love, and partakers also, doubtless, in some way of the redemption which Christ has won for us, yet as certainly God hath provided some better thing for ns whom He has called to a knowledge of TTis grace and faith in Him, To be in the fold must be better than to be wandering in the wilderness, the ninety and nine in safety are better off than the one who is lost, though the Good Shepherd seeks that one and rejoices over it with special joy. And the church is the place of safety because we have God's own assurance that in the church is the way of salvation to be found. We arc then on the right road so long as we remain within the Ark of Christ. ' Whoso ever will be saved before all things it is necessary that he hold the Catholic Faith.' At least we have taken that first pre liminanr c+»ti f Iia4- t*»1-i?j'»1i mncf trrx l-tefnTo all else. The church is the place of safety also because there are ministered to ue the: means of grace. It is the body of Christ by which we arc received into union with Him. Within it alone may be received that heavenly food which streams from the true Vine into all the branches , the precious body 3nd blood of our Savionr. To these within the church are the promises of the new covenant made. They now have the hope, the confidence, which knowledge oi the open door into the holiest place gives ? to them. To them it is given, to know the mysteries of the Kingdom of Heaven. We have already blessings which for the scattered sheep are still in the future. ' We are in advance of them in the way of life. For Christ does not say ' other sheep I have which are not of this fold — they also, in the wilderness, have ail they need' — but He says, ' them also I must iring.' And this alone would show to iis' the great advantage which it is to us ! that we are within the fold. For those without have still to be brought within. ' Whosoever will be saved before all things it is necessary toat he hold the Catholic Faith.' It must be, we suppose, in Paradise that the heathen who have not known Christ will be brought by Him, their Shepherd, to the saving knowledge of His name, seeing that there is none other ' whereby they can be saved. i As we meditate on these things how j magnificicnt is the vision of the future , which rises before our eyes, if we will open \ them to see not only the future of this narrow world in which we live*ut that wider scene upon which the Gospel invites us to gaze when Christ brings to the one fold those other sheep of His. t From earth's wide bounds, from ocean's d farthest coast, and from the far wider g realms of the departed, through gates of I pearl streams in the countless host, siuging I to Father, Son and Holy Ghost, the song of * the Catholic Faith. Then arc united in the . knowledge of the one truth all sections of the church who sy Ion? have been at i variance, all those who have Leen blind to 5 the truth and have been led astray by the ; imaginations of their own hearts. These are the men of careless life, who in their [ last hour turned to the loving God whose love they had so long despised. These are the little children, taken from their mother's breast to the keeping of the good Shepherd, and now full grown in the knowledge aud love of Him. These, too, are the lost sheep of the heathen lands, crowd ing to be born again into the new life of the resurrection. Yea, 'of those whom Thou gavest Me,' says the Shepherd ' 1 have lost none.' These also, so long estrayed, these so long sitting in darkness ot the shadow of death — ' These also do I bring.' There shall be one flock, one Shepherd^and the fold itself passes out of ; our view in the glorious safety which has ! destroyed every enemy of the sheep and makes the wilderness itself a placs of safety. No longer is there ueed to have a chosen seed, a remnant of the ele-t. For the new Heaven and the new earth are full ot the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the seas. But in the meanwhile, my friends, and till the glorious conscrcralion of the last day, the church remains a fold, a part chosen out from the rest. And it is needful for us as members of ihe church to remember why, to know the purpose of the vocation where with we are called. Is it not that we may labour to bring others also to the fold 1 Is it not that to we may hasten the time of the Lord's coming.' Is it not that we may be not sheep merely, passively waiting for Christ to finish His work, but fellow labourers also llJLll JLJL1U1 . tic U*1i\i; l«A.ltW tx XhUX&A; revelation of tbe truth than others in order that we may shine as lights in the world, holding forth the word of truth to guide the wanderers home. We have received higher means ot grace through which we ought to lead higher lives in Order that nien may see our good works and glorify our Father who is in Heaven. There is a great responsibility resting upon us. Whenever we thank God for His blessings, let us pray also that we may lie found worthy of them, fulfilling the end of our election. For the church is chosen out of the world not that the world might be for saken. but that the world might be saved. It is the instrument by which even now Christ is bringing all men to Himself. Let us pray that here in this parish we may be found faithful to our high calling, steadfast in our own hold upon the truth, zealoub in our efforts to spread the knowledge of it — servants of Christ whom the Master when He comes shall find watching, soldiers who ever fight the good fight beniath the banner of the cross. For we know that the end set before U6 is not that each should save his own son!, but that each member of the body in his vocation and ministry should truly and godly serve Him for whose glory we were created and redeemed and called, that we may hasten the accomplishment of His purpose to gather together in one, all things in Christ both which are in Heaven and whi':h are oa earth— one body under one heart — one Flock under one Shepherd. 