§,oitB of ihx Jfttfttth. ?A N Ordination will be held in the Cathedral by the Lord Bishop -£*? of the Diocese on St. Thomas' Day, December 21st, at 10.30 a.m. Clergy are invited to attend the service in their robes, and to notify to the Precentor if they intend to be present. HPHIS year a pleasing variation was made from the -usual course ?*? of Assembly-week proceedings. Instead of the Assembly meeting at four v.m. on the Mondav to hear the President's Address, it met at eight p.m., the afternoon being devoted to a garden party at Bishopscourt, for which over 1300 guests were expected, most of whom indeed were present, in spite of t the unpropitious aspect of the sky, and thoroughly enjoyed them selves, until about four o'clock the rain, which had for hours been threatening to fall, came in heavy showers and dispersed the company. Mrs. Goe has usually been favoured with Queen's weather for her garden entertainments, only on one previous occasion her reception having fallen on a wet day. rpHE sultry weather on Sunday, 22nd ult., had a disastrous -*? effect on the B. M. F. offertory, which was already at a disadvantage in coming later than usual this year by two months, and so succeeding instead of preceding Hospital Sunday and the movement in aid of the Asylum for the Blind. The Bishop has issued a circular letter to the clergy asking for supplementary collections in the churches to meet the deficiency. THE Bishop of Melanesia, who had been expected at the end of October, but had been detained by ill health in New South 'Wales, arrived in Melbourne on the 11th ult., and was a guest at Bishopscourt until his return to Norfolk Island on the 20th. He preached on the 15th at All Saints', St. Kilda, in the morning, and at the Cathedral in the evening. He attended several sittings of the Church Assembly, and listened attentively to the President's Address, having been invited by unanimous resolution of the Assembly to a seat on the dais. On Friday morning, 20th ult., Bishop Wilson delivered, in the Chapter- house, an address on the Melanesian Mission of singular beauty and interest to a large audience, including many of the clergy of the diocese, the Bishop of Melbourne taking the chair and introducing the lecturer. Speaking of the various duties which a missionary bishop had to discharge, Bishop Wilson said that when he was called upon to give sudden decisions on very serious questions — as, e.g., when called upon recently by a chief to deter mine whether or not a murderer should be hanged — he envied the Bishop of Melbourne his age and matured wisdom, and his power of calling to his councils so many wise and dignified clergymen, but when he had to steer a boat through a narrow passage in a heavy sea, he was glad of his own youth. He said that the native students in Norfolk Island looked upon him as their father, and took all the liberties of children, making free with his easy chair and his tin of biscuits — everything except his bedroom, and that they used to say their prayers in. They had singularly sensitive consciences; the sense of having committed some slight fault would make them miserable, and throw a gloom over the whole community. He hoped that the Salvation Army, in their zeal to conquer the South Sea Islands, would select for operations islands not yet visited, and not those in which his missions were at work, as the islanders did not know that Christian people had any religious differences, and the effect of their discovering a want of unity among their missionaries would be to throw great difficulties in the way of their conversion. The Bishop made a strong appeal for help to the Mission. The idea prevailed that the Mission did not need support, being maintained by wealthy friends and societies in England. This was a mistake. In the times of Bishops Patteson and Selwyn the Mission had wealth to draw upon, but not now; and the English societies when appealed to replied that they had understood from Bishop Patteson that the Melanesian Mission was an Aus- tralian charge. It ought to be an Australian charge, having been adopted as such by the First Australian Synod in 1851, but the support it received from Australia was small compared to that given to some other missions. Last year £1500 was sent from this diocese to the various agencies of the C.M.S., but only £150 was subscribed for Melanesia. He was glad to say that he had persuaded one well-known and highly-esteemed Vic- torian clergyman — the Rev. W. C. Ferrall, curate of All Saints', St. Kilda — to throw in his lot with him; and he believed that had he been able to spend a fortnight longer in Melbourne he could have captured two or three more of their best workers for his Mission. THE Deanery being this month in the hands of the builders, the Dean is reluctantly compelled to postpone the clerical meeting till January 19th, 1897, by which date it is hoped that the additions to the house will be completed. TIKE installation of the Honourable F. S. Grimwade as lay -*- canon of the Cathedral, in the room of the late Sir George Verdon, took place on Friday, 27th ult., the installant being the Dean of Melbourne. The form used on the occasion was, with a few necessary alterations, the same as that observed at the installation of a clerical canon. The lay-canon to be installed attended in the Chapter-house, and exhibited to the Dean and Chapter the letters mandatory of the Bishop, and asked to ,be admitted and installed into the vacant lay canonry. The Dean delivered the letters to the Chapter Clerk to read them before the Chapter, after which he required the candidate for installation to make declaration that he would be faithful to the Church of Melbourne, and to the Bishop and Chapter, and to observe and keep the statutes, regulations, ordinances, and customs of the same. Then, while the Dean and other members of the Chapter went into the choir for Evensong, the candidate went into the vestry, and waited there till the psalms were ended, when the Dean and Chapter came to conduct him into the choir, and the Dean placed him in his stall, with the benediction, 'The Lord keep thy coming in and thy going out from. this time and for ever.' Afterwards followed appropriate versicles, and collect, with the rest of Evensong. At the conclusion of Evensong the new lay-canon was brought back into the Chapter-house, when Psalm 133 having been said, and the Dean having formally, in the name of the Chapter, received him to a place and voice in that body, the proceedings closed with a collect and the minor benediction. This is the first formal installation of a lay-canon that has taken place in this Cathedral — perhaps the first known in the history of the Church. ON the evening of Friday, 20th ult., the Inaugural Meeting of the diocesan branch of the Christian Social Union was held in the Chapter -house of the Cathedral, the Dean of Melbourne presiding. About 100 members were present. After the minutes of the general meeting held a month before to form the branch had been read by the Honorary Secretary, the Eev. Eeginald Stephen, the chairman gave a short address, showing how the present movement was the outcome of the appointment by the Church Assembly two years before of a select committee for dealing with social questions. That committee, having before them accounts of the excellent work being done in England by the Christian Social Union, which included in its ranks repre sentative men of all schools of thought, had come to the conclusion that their work would be better done by a diocesan branch of that Union. The Bishop's consent having been obtained, steps had been taken which had led to the formation of the Society which held its first meeting that night. The Honorary Secretary then spoke upon the necessary connection of morality and religion with all the social questions of the day, instancing sweating, the living wage, the investment of money, the taking interest, &c.; A resolution adopting the constitution, ' which had been drawn up by the committee appointed by the previous meeting, was moved by the Eev. C. E. Drought, seconded by Dr. Leeper, and carried. A resolution appointing the following officers, of the Union for the current year was moved by Bev. W. Carey 'Ward, seconded by F. E. Godfrey, Esq., and carried — Patron, the Bishop of Melbourne; President, the Dean of Melbourne; Vice-Presidents, the Archdeacon of Mel bourne and Professor Morris; Committee, Canon Carlisle, Canon Tucker, Bevs. B. Stephen, W. Carey Ward, and E. S. Hughes, with Drs. Leeper and Crowther, and Messrs. Godfrey, Stock, and Carey. A vote of thanks to the chairman was moved by Judge Hamilton, and seconded by Mr. Collins, and the meeting was closed with the Benediction. A VEBY interesting ceremony took place at the Chapter-house, ?**- Cathedral Buildings, on Wednesday, November 18th. On Canon Watson leaving Gippsland, the members of the Buri decanal Chapter of Sale had determined that they would not allow their rural dean to leave without recognising in some way the kindness and hospitality that he had shown to his fellow workers for upwards of twenty- two years. The following clergy were present : — The Ven. Archdeacon Langley, the Ven. Arch deacon Armstrong, the Bevs. J. B. Walker, W. Green, F. W. WiUcox, H. J. Howell, T. W. Davis, H. J. Harvey, C. J. Chambers, W. T. Boach, E. D. Fethers, C. P. Thomas, H. Hitch cock, D. B. Hewton (Chapter Clerk), E. G. Veal, A. Gamble, G. Poynder, G. M'Dpnald, C. E. Gayer, and Mr. A. S. North, reader. Archdeacon Langley said that they were met to present Canon Watson with a testimonial, in order, in some slight manner, to show theirs sense of the many good qualities of their esteemed friend and fellow-worker. Ever since Canon Watson had been appointed rural dean, the kindliest feelings had always existed between him and the members of the Chapter. To know Canon Watson was to be his friend. When he first came into Gipps land as archdeacon, he received the heartiest sympathy and kindest help from his old friend, and he owed a great deal to his kindly counsel. The clergy and readers of the archdeaconry were conscious that they owed a deep sense of gratitude to Canon and Mrs. Watson for their kindly hospitality. The Ven. Archdeacon Armstrong said that if Canon Watson had been his own brother, or father, he could not have treated him with greater kindness. He could thoroughly endorse all that Arch deacon Langley had said as regards his kindly hospitality, and in this Mrs. Watson and the members of his family most ably assisted him. In leaving the district he had the good wishes of all, and all the members of the Chapter wished him God-speed.; Canon Watson felt almost at a loss to find words to express his; sense of the kindly feeling shown. Since he first came to Gipps land the country had undergone many changes. In those days there were only four clergy, and the practice0 gradually grew up to hold quarterly meetings in the four parishes and chat over the work. In early days travelling was very difficult, but they made light of it, and organised meetings as opportunity occurred, and were most glad then to get together and cheer and encourage one another. As time went on the Bishop conferred the office of Bural Dean upon him, and then meetings were regularly held which they all looked forward to with the greatest of pleasure. As regards hospitality, he always considered it an honour to entertain his fellow -workers. He valued the testimonial now presented very highly as a link connecting him with the past, and thanking his brethren very heartily, expressed the hope that the friendship of the past would continue to exist in the future. After a hearty hand-shaking the meeting terminated, the clergy having to leave in order to attend the sitting of the Church Assembly. The address is in book form, executed by Detmold and Co. in their best style. It is in red morocco, with the Canon's name inscribed in gilt letters on the outside. Within, it is beautifully and tastefully illuminated with photogravures of the Bishop of Melbourne and the Archdeacon of Gippsland (Archdeacon Arm strong), and also of St. Paul's Church and the Vicarage House at Sale. It is signed by some forty-five clergymen and readers. The address itself reads as follows : — We, the undersigned, past and present members of the Euri decanal Chapter of Sale, desire to express the sense of esteem and affection which we all entertain towards you, and the regret which we feel at your departure from our midst after so faithfully fulfilling the office of Bural Dean for nineteen years. Your long period of service in Gippsland has been marked by many changes and vast expansion in Church work. While you have watched its growth with deep interest, we know that you have also lent your able assistance to further its progress. Your kindly courtesy and hospitality to all who have been members of the Chapter have left so deep an impression on our minds that time can never efface it. We trust that God's blessing may follow and attend you in the new sphere upon which you are now entering, and crown your efforts with much success and happiness.— We are, Eev. and Dear Sir, Yours very faithfully. May, 1896. [Here follow the signatures.] THE memorial tablet in St. Paul's Cathedral for the late Very Beverend H. B. Macartney, D.D., was unveiled by the Bishop of Melbourne on Tuesday, 17th ult., in presence of a large number of members of the Assembly and other friends of the deceased Dean. The Bishop spoke of the appropriateness of the place and time of the ceremony — the place, the Cathedral which Dean Macartney dearly loved, and in which it was a delight to him, when his turn came round, to officiate ; the time, the session of the Assembly in whose proceedings he took so deep an interest, and for many years so active a part. The design of the medallion is very beautiful, and the likeness to the late Dean considered excellent. AT a largely-attended meeting of clergy and laity, held in the Cathedral Chapter-house on Thursday, November 19th, the Dean of Melbourne in the chair, it was resolved to establish _ a Church of England Club on lines, slightly modified, suggested in a circular sent by Dr. Torrance to the clergy and lay workers in the Diocese of Melbourne. It was decided that the ' original members' of the Club should consist of members of the present Church Assembly who may desire to join, together with other Church - workers throughout the diocese who have been invited to initiate the Club; and that all members of the Chiirch of England, in this and other dioceses, who may hereafter desire to become enrolled, shall be eligible for election by ballot. The subscription was fixed at one guinea per annum for all clergymen and laymen living within' the Melbourne and suburban railway radius, and half a guinea for those clergy, and laity who reside beyond that boundary. A provisional committee, with power to add to their number, was appointed to draw up a Constitution and Bules, to be submitted for adoption or amend ment to a meeting of members, and to make all necessary arrangements for opening the Club. It was hoped that rooms might be available in the Cathedral Buildings, but on inquiry it was found that sufficient accommodation could not be obtained therein, and that the approach to the upper story of the building without the aid of a lift would form a serious drawback to the success of the Club. The committee will therefore be compelled to look elsewhere for suitable quarters, and in view of this increased expenditure, it must be evident that, at so small a rate of subscription, a much larger number of members than are at present enrolled — 70 clergy and 78 laymen — will be required; in fact, it is considered that this number must be at least doubled, before the Club can pay its way in providing for rent, furniture, caretaker, &c.; As the Club is to be open to all members of the Church of England, any who desire to join on the conditions named are requested to send their names and addresses to the Bev. Dr. Torrance, St. John's Parsonage, Melbourne, as soon as possible, in order that the committee may be guided as to the probable income before incurring any liability. It is admitted on all sides that such an institution would meet a decided want, and be a boon to many; but at the same time its promoters cannot but feel that witbxait the hearty support of those for whose comfort and convenience the Club is intended, success to any adequate extent cannot be looked for. AN 'At Home' was given at the House of Mercy, Cheltenham, on Tuesday, 24th 'nit., to welcome ,the Head Sister on her return from England. Among the guests were the Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Goe, the Dean of Melbourne and Mrs. Vance, Canon and Mrs. Godby, the Revs. Messrs. Finter and Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. Bichardson, Mrs. Darlot, Mrs. Thomp son, Miss Gleadow, Miss Tripp, and Miss Handfield. Everyone was pleased with the arrangements of the House and Chapel, which reflect great credit on the management, and felt that it -was a happy thought that the welcome to Sister Esther, who had ?done so nruch to assure the success and popularity of the deaconesses' work in Victoria, should be given on a spot where the fruits of her diligence and devotion were so plainly to he seen. , T11HE Committee of the Sick Children's Hospital are offering J- prizes of two guineas each to artists for designs for certifi cates to be issued to contributors. Particulars may be had from the secretary, Pelham- street, Carlton. THE late Archbishop of Canterbury, at the opening of a 'Work- ing Men's Club in Truro in 1882, reviewed the past and present literature of fiction in its relation to the age. He men tioned that -when young he lived among a religious people, and was not allowed to read novels. Fiction was then unpopular with leaders of thought, hut since that time they had real reason to see that fiction was one of the great gifts of God, that He had enabled, by the use of noble imaginative fiction, such principles as our English writers of standard novels have kept before them, thoughts, feelings, aspirations, greatnesses of every kind — moral, intellectual, social — to be brought within the reach of those who but for those books would have a very poor chance of realising how great and how good life could be. A RCHBISHOP MACLAG-AN, in his sermon at the opening -£*- of the Church Congress at Shrewsbury, has some memorable words as to the reunion of the Church. Preaching from the text, 'Prove all things: hold fast that which is good,' he said that had the Church of England borne in mind the injunction, 'Despise not prophesyings,' in dealing with the Society of Friends in the seventeenth century, or with the followers of Wesley in the eighteenth, the condition of religion in England might have been more satisfactory and less divided at the present day. There are enthusiasts within the Church itself, on one side or another, of theological opinion, whom we can ill afford to lose, but whom it would be difficult to retain. Our ?only hope lies in the faithful acceptance of St. Paul's golden rule, 'Prove all things: hold fast that which is good.' And the supreme test, or proof, 'which St. Paul propounds for all such ?cases, as regards their spiritual reality, is not the utterance of a shibboleth, nor the adherence to a party, but personal devotion to Jesus as our Lord. ' No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, v but in the Holy Ghost.' Was there not a hope that with the advancing spiritual experience promised to the Church — with a more spiritual searching of the deep things of God — controversies might be lessened in number, or' diminished in area, or might lose their bitterness, or might at last die down into the silence ?of peace? 'Is it not,' asked the preacher, 'in this direction that the hope of reunion lies ?' On the subject of the Papal Bull, the Archbishop says: — 'There may have been some who ?expected a different issue to the fervent utterances of the kindly Pope, and the hopes and aspirations to which he gave expression in the matter of Christian Eeunion. These hopes and longings he has now with his own hand shattered and destroyed. Neither 'the East nor. the 'West will. accept his offered terms. But for those of us whose hearts are full of the same longing desire as that which breathed from earlier Papal letters, there will be no cessation either of our efforts or of our prayers. There are other branches of the Catholic Church besides that of Rome; there are other religious communities, both at home and abroad. There is still ample scope for earnest effort to gather together the children of God that are scattered abroad; and there are some at least amongst us who would be glad to spend the greater part of their remaining years on earth in prayerful effort to hasten the accomplishment of the Master's prayer for the unity of the Church.' 