WESLEY AN DISTRICT SYNOD. MORNING SESSION. The annual meeting of the above was con tinued' yesterday; under .the; pre'sideiicy of the Rev'.^VNealif/sifperinteriderit of uie circuit. J The Rev. C. P. Lloyd moved "that tliis Synod of Ministers 'and; laymen, representing attendants at public worship, believing the Sabbath day of rest to be one of the greatest blessings given by God to .-.laboring man, jiro .tests against the running of excursion or other, trains on that day as a violation of its rea't and sanctity, .and against the conscientious con victioiis and the best interests of the com munity." The.motion was carried.''""" : On the mbtioii of tlife Rev. R. H; ' Crook, seconded .by; the Rev. J.'Adams, it was. resolved that the next conference be requested to take into, consideration the whole question of'ihvita tions to ministers with; a view to the; abolition of the same." A resolution was carried expressing dis approval of the order of service suggested by the committee of conference. ; . The question of taking steps to improve the congregational singing in the churches was dis cussed, and it was decided, with that end in view, to recommend that proper expression marks should be added to all printed church hymns and tunes. Gratification was expressed at the formation of .the-l?roporlionate^Giving. Union At the last .'conference,'and eiiiogistic Reference wns made to the services rendered by the Rev. J. Nichol son in that connection. On the motion, of the Rev. J. Nicholson ;it was-decided' that: the next conference be asked to establish an Australian quarterly' magazine, for circulatiorr amongst the members and ad herents of the church. rVotes .of thanks were accorded the; secre" tary and his assistants,- the reporter to. the press: and the friends who had hospitably entertained the members of the synod during their stay in; Bendigo.' :L ' '' 3 ' -TV : AFTERNOON SESSION. Mr. Herbert Williams, a candidate for the ministry, was examined in Methodist theology, and reports vtefegivfen as/t'cfliis oftil and written' -sermons.-He- was -recommended - to the con-' .ferencej subject t6 his passing the further ex :&ntiii;£tjoas>:.of' the. central j examination com-, mittee.! j ! The Rev. J. E.; Warren, a probationer, was' examined, and advanced a I year in his proba tion;, his trial sermon especially being referred to in very complimentary,terms. OMinit'tes having; been readjand confirmed, the sessions closed. | '? j I V | raE lOFFldAL SERMON. Vi Last evening'the official sermon was preached by tlie 'Rev.1, J.: Nicholson, of Golden-square, in the Forest-street church. -; [The rev. gentleman selected jfoij his text'Acts, 1st chapter,'part of the .Stli, yerse-jr" But ye shall see. power, after t^atf'.tlicj Holy Ghost has! come upon, you." Tlierewas a fairj attendance, and the sermon was attentivehylistened to throughout.,-. .? 