THE 1 Rangers of Razorback: A 1(.rratbvo ol Ilotany Bay. (IN TWE?rTY PARTS.) PART XIX. Indeed he soon began to seec that so far as he was personally concerned the discovery he had made assisted to his safety.. H-e was aware that the dead man could not have been many months in Sydney, and of course was not likely to have a large circle of acquaintances. HI-Ie would also, if necessary, be able to deceive the friends of Joseph Davis or Emmanuel Gosford, by his know ledge of events connected with the deceased. As he reasoned on the I subject, the enormity of the tragedy began to dwindle, until it shrunk to very small proportions in his power ful mind. It was broad daylight when he de c;:sided to go through with the plans T r ai d the sopnds out a sida showedthat.:pcopl?TV tc begin ning to stir. There was no time to be lost, so going to the kitchch, he concealed the dead body of the dog, deciding to bury it during the comn ing night in the back yard, if all went well. This done hlie returned to the room where the foul crime was committed, and divesting him self of the blood-stained clothes which he wore he procceded to don the garments of the dead man. They fitted him fairly well, and when he looked in a small glass kept in the apartment, lihe was pleased to see the transformation effected. There was still, however, the seri ous difference in hirsute appearance to be overcome. The black beard worn by the outlaw was not mnore than three inches long, while that on the late owner of the shop was quite a foot in length. Though the idea was most repugnant to him, hlie recognised it was absolutely essen tial to safety that he should put on the beard taken from his brother's face. With that purpose in view, he cut off short his own, and after a little trouble, fixed the false beard on his face. The change made was mar vellous, and even the most intimate acquaintande of the late Joseph Davis would have failed to penetrate the disguise. The chief danger of failure in his plans rose from the lack of knowledge the pretender had of the coimmercial transactions in which his brother had been involved. On that point he would have to exercise the utmost care, In searching the room he found a bottle of whisky and nearly £ioo in money. The spirits were acceptable, for the shock of the discovery when Davis found he had killed his brother, had greatly unnerved him, and he was glad to revive his droop ing courage. Before opening the shop the counterfeit proprietor made a large fire and burned soime of the stained clothing, which he had dis carded. After consuming half the bottle of spirits, lie decided to throw the shop open, it being about nine o'clock, but he took good care to so. cure the doors leading into the other apartments first. \When he opened the front, he found there was not more than half a dozen shops in the vicinity, hut further to the north, beginning about a quarter of a mile from the shop, Sydney proper began, There were a few persons moving along the road, and two of those when passing nodded to him in a friendly way. Evidently they thought it was Emmianuel Gosford they were sa. luting. Less than a hundred yards distant, he noticed a store, and as there was no food in the house, he determined to trust himself as far as the place, and purchase what lie re quired. It would also be a test as to the value of the disguise. Closing and locking the door after himt, he proceeded along the street with his right hand in the pocket of the coat lie wore. There was a loaded pistol there, and recogniition would miean death to some one, Assumning the most nonchalent tdo. meanor lie could, thie outlaw entered the store, where hlie was greeted as " Mr. Gosford." The salutation was returned in a general sort of way, nid hlie then ornered what he wanted, The storekeeper appar. ently did niot have the remtotest suspicion hlie was serving antyone saving his neighbour, the jeweller, and ais Davis returnedl to the shop hie felt that his plans were workitng out splentdidly, If thoso who were miost intilmatcly acqusaintcd with theI dead imtait, mistook the miirdCercr for hhi, then surely otisidets wonld lint discover the udrvadfil friud. I)lrinlt thle day only a couple of people ctitme Into the shop, and they were easily ldealt with. irrom his cxpericncu of the Ircevious night the outlatw Iustv the usunl titmu for clos. ing, and whie ?li nrrn'ed, he pronm. ptly put up tie shutClers with I feel. ig ofu re?lf, thatl Ilho first daly wns over. Tehe iCnsloI had becti coin stlerabfl ,I thouglh not so itmuch os might have Icem eapected under tihe circumstaln ces, lle had been bile to gt abtuuldanuce of foold mld drinkli whitch weru so mucd requirled, atd that had aUtrnlthenlngl cffect on him. When the shop was closed, he at once went to the back and made a hole to bury the dog. When this was done, the remnainder of the tcll tale clothing was destroyed by fire anrd while it was burning, Davis helped hinself to more than one draught of hot spirits. During the day he had thought of removing the stretcher on which his brother had slept to the kitchen, for he did not halt fancy making .a bedroom of the apartment underneath which the murdered man was interred. S'As it might look suspicious to re move the furniture, the idea was abandoned, but all the same lie re solved not to sleep in the chamber of death. Shortly before midnight he entered the room, and taking a rug from it, he passed the night inl the kitchen. It was in vain he tried to sleep on the rough couch which was in the apartment. Though he had no rest the preceding night, soothing slumber would not visit hii woo it how he might. Two or thriee times he dropped into a fitful doze only to arouse with a start iq a few minutes in a spasm of horrible fear. The place seemed to be haunted for his guilty consci ence remained wide awnake though the bodily faculties tried to sleep. The ghosts of Day, Brake, Brook, Shea, -Hnnlon and his brother, rose before himnt as hehad last seen them and for the first time, Davis realised what a murderer's thoughts were. At last he started up with a fierce oath andt piling more fuel on the fire resolved to keep awake and defy fear. Mixing a cupful of whisky and hot water, he drank it off and began pacing the room to keep awake, So the night passed, and when daylight came he laughed at the fears he endured. The second clday passed uneventfully, and worn out with want of rest, he managed to snatch a couple of hours of troubled sleep during the night. It was only two hours of refined mental agony however, and on the following day lihe resolved,ifpossible,to obtain a companion. There was a con siderable risk in bringing anyone into the shop, but anything was preferable to the haunting fears lie suffered alone. The excuse he made for obtaining anll assistant was increase of business, and when the young mnan took up his abode with the late outlaw, the neighbours were glad to know that one at least amongst them was doing well. The very day that the assistant, was secured, the little settlement was thrown into un wonted agitation by the news that two of the famous outlaws known in the Colony as "The Rangers of Razorback," had been captured. In fact they had been secured a few days previously, but the information had not been conveyed to the out post on the Botany Bay road. Joseph Gosford's shop was the centre of tile village gossips on the subject,antd the lateleader of thegang had to listen to many comments on himself which were not of a very complimentary character. It was now known that three out of the four convict escapees from the Nepean settlement had been accounted for, but the arch offender was still at large. A reward of (rooo was offered for the apprehensiont of Alfred Davis, and the outlaw at tunes could scarcely refrain from laughing at the way his neighbours discussed plans for his capture, while lihe formed the centre of the group which arranged themn. It was pleasing to think that hie had most effectually hoodwinhked and deceived them. Ino thie midst of his security there was one point which troubled him, T'hat was tile false beard he wore. It was necessary to keep his own clipped close to the stin in order to wear the talse one, and once or twice he actually thought of shaving. The danger of that course however quickly dawnerr upon hIim. In his convict days of course lie was shaved weekly, and if he were to revert to that practice, recognition mightr follow. The long beard was the palladium of his safety, and he must keep it inviolate. It soon came to his cars that s Lewis and Zielnan had confessed to the authorities all they could regard ing the outlaw gang, and of course Davis himself came in for his full share of blame. The captured con victs only told the truth, anld in fact the case against Davis was not painted so black as it might have been. The only thing that caused tihe late leader of the bushranging r band any concern,was the emphatic opinion expressed by the. prisoners that Davis had made for Sydney, and in all probability was being concealed by someone in the chief settlement. At first the authorities woull not give credence to the statetment, but at length they were Iso impressed with it that a dol. cillary search was ordered. As a result, thIe preirises occupied by' Davis anrd lis assistant were searched by a party of constaless, b acked up Ilby a miilitary escort. T'i'he resoit was barre, ant in fact the Sepisode partook more of a pireslant meetling between the oatlawand the police authorities thlan a donticillary s earch ill quest of a notoriouls ialonc Sfactor. D)avis expected the party to arrive, rind larid is a tilentifnl Sstockl of food anl strong drink, wi'th rwhichl to regale theml, The oflicur int l chairge of tie p:ruty pronoulced lhe jeweller to be one of the bost f fellows in the country orodl Iris hlealth y was repestedly drunk Ian lowing bullumporo. Thlis was Davis'u Ilrst oflicial . Imeetlng with the police of Iytlnroy, anlld theo constlblesu who were so royally enturialied, dhl not ihave lbhe remotest shalntlowv of ouspilclon lho -much, sought out law was ticlr host, ho \ tn they had goei and crc hur lstly ercciIpled scnIrchirog his IneIHhbouor's premises, the Jew fell a sense of security to whl ichl o had long sbeen a stranger. 'lire chicf coshritablo had oasbrn i ol hht of hi dato fltodJ for the execution of Lewis and Zieman, and as all Sydney would be present, to see the bushrangers, it was only natural that. Davis should not form an exceptionl. In fact he had a morbid longing to witness the end of the two wretched men he had lured to death without any apparent reason. In going to Parramlatta, the out law did not dream that either of the condtlemnned Imel would recognise him in the crowd, and to make as. surance doubly sure, he renmained a considerable distance away from the scaffold. I-le had a double reason for this. In the first place, lie wan ted to be far enough distant to es cape recognition, and he also wished to escape the crush of the niob through fear that h's false beard might be disturbed. Lewis recognises Davis and nlakes some exclamation, drawing the attention of the Sheriff by pointing Davis out, but orders were given by the head official for the hanging to proceed. His recognition by Lewis filled hin with a feeling akin to terror, for it was uncanny, I-ow the doomed man could pierce the disguise, was more than he could understand, and he attributed it to miraculous agency. The way the young convict acted on the scaffold very nearly led to the downfall of the Jew, and he did not feel safe until he returned to, the shop, For several days after the execu tion, he remained in his room on the plea that he was unwell, but gradu ally the fright disappeared, and he took an active part in his business affairs. \Vith the death of O'Shea, Lewis and Zieman, it'seemied as if the fu ture safety of Davis was assured. His plans had resulted as satisfac torily as if a higher power than mortal man had conceived them. Indeed, the way the outlaw chief had outwitted the authorities was little short of marvellous. The means were simple in the extreme, but they had dove-tailed one to the other in a way which mnade the schenme perfect. It is said that the devil takes care of his own, and the truth of the saying was exeinpified in the career of Davis. Had he not been strangely directed to the house occupied by his brother, it is almost certain he must have been capturedtl by the authorities within a day or two. The arrest of Zieman and Lewis would have precipitated that result. For a few months after the execu tion, Davis occupied himself exclu sively with the business, and for a time lie was actually pleased with the idea of pursuing a commercial life, He had speedily put himself on an excellent footing with the public, for he was a fellow with a good address and an engaging man. ner. The trade which his brother had entered upon was also a lucrn. tive one, and altogether the lot of the late outlaw was cast in pleasant places. Amongst tile best customers were the civil and military officers, and he kept himself on a good footing with them. Though not fond of display. ingjewellery himself, lie was forced to follow the example set him by Joseph Davis in that respect. Con sequcntly Einnanuel Gosford, as he was called, was about the best dressed mannin Sydney, and his ap. pearance altogether was distin guished. -He was invited to all the social gatherings of any note, and was in short recognised as a part of Sydney society. The fellow had a remarkable aptitude for reading character, both male and' female, and that faculty stood him in good need. It enabled him to steer a safe course through a channel beset with dangers, and within twelve nmonths of the burning of Brook farm, the perpetrator was one of the most popular ien at Governiment house. The wheel of fortune turns very strangely at times, but surely never were the ups and downs of life more strangely axcnmplified than in the career of Alfred Davis. The jump from a hunted outlaw to a respect. able guest at the vice-regal mansion was a big one, but it had been site. cessfully accomplished by the des. perado, on whose head a price was set, The liberality of the Jew had a good denl to do with his popularity, It is not often those of the Hebrew race are prodigal of their gifts, bulint Davis, or Gosford, certainly was, HI-e did not spend money very freely, but mnade numllerotus presents of jewellery to those who might be able to do hinm a serviceif needed, 'Thero was a method in his liberality which was worked on a well organised plan, SiThe governor himself wans not above aneceptinhg a gold chronomseter from InsEmmanucl Gosford, and thie present vwas not Iarren of results, Shrewd people said the obljectof the Jew was to increase hIis business my giving Spresents which were a big adlver tiseonent to him. It was his mnethod of casting breald oen the waters,which would return tenfold. It mnight ie thlought that the for tune which smiled on tine ev-cenvict iwoull Ihave been a solace for tihe tronles hlie had passed through, but In fact that wvan not so, 'The Imoro prosperlity shona on hlnl the msore I gloomty tile II1anI becatme, lis Inany Sfrlenils did not fail to stote this, and r the Jew ascribed Isi inceasihing Incl. I anchloly to a dlisorerercdtl liver. Close attenlion to Ibtsitess nwas telling on shim hIe asse'rteid, and in truth tie : convict's 1iplteearance 10to sett extent luroout that statemteut, Il)r, Johnstote, lwho tans the re. coglischel tnedical suthority In the lihsited but exclusively fanshionalte circle nt thie hIand settletlent, was consilited by I)avis, or raither Got. fordi, itnd thant geniutlnlan agreed that a chntige iwotld IIrovn highly hene. fciacl to thlt I lebrew jeweller. 'I'his pIroposal ,ton slyly suggeLIsted by thlu Il intlc hhsl t nnlI so cleverly thalt It w c scarcely tlnpanent, 'r Jaw sslt II ticant ruin to hls busilnos, 