THE NOVELIST. False Evidence. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM. Author of "A Monk of "Cruta," "A Daughter of the Marioni." &c.; CHAP'TER XXVI.--(Continued.) At least I thought so, but I was mistaken. A voice, croaking and weak, almost at my shoulder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round to find an old woman, bent double, leaning on her stick, with her bead- like eyes fixed upon me. "Who be'st you?" she said. "Be you him as they call the agent?" I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnot. "It's a loi," she answered deliberately. "Dost think that Sarah Milsham knaw'st not a Devereux when she seest one? Be'st thou Muster Herbert's son? God bless him." I looked around anxiously, but there was not a soul in sight. "Thou be'st a son o' my Mr. Herbert," she muttered. "I knaw'st thou be'st so like him that I thought thee was a ghost, boy. What be'st thou a doing here? Wheres't thy father?" "Abroad, mother, since you know me. Who are you?" "Who be I?" she laughed, a mirthless, un- pleasant laugh. "Why, thee hasna' heard of Sarah Milsham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here boy? Hast come to kill Rupert Devereux?' "He deserves it," I cried, hotly. "So afore God he does," cried the old hag, tremulously, "and die he will, for I ha' seen the mark o' death upon his forehead. But it'll be no by your hand, no by your hand, boy. What be'st a doing here? Go to thy father, boy! Why hast left him alone?" "I am going," I answered. "Please God, I shall be with him before many months." "Ay, go, boy, go," she quivered out, "and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Devereux Court is built upon a rock, I, Sarah Milsham, shall live to see him here again. Sure as that limb of hell, Rupert Devereux, bears the seal of death upon his forehead, so sure the day will come when the whole coun- try shall welcome him home again, and old Sir Francis shall be proud t' own him for his son. Tell him Sarah Milsham said so." She hobbled away into the wood and com- menced picking up sticks. I would have fol- lowed her, but she held out her hand to pre- vent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I mounted Black Prince and gal- loped away homewards. When I entered Marian's room I saw that she had a visitor. Sir Francis Devereux was leaning back in my easy chair, laughing at one of my sister's quaint speeches, and she was handing him a cup of tea. 