tft£ enwents? \- -at SUNDAY READING. TIic Outpouring; of the Spirit. W (By the Rev. Andrew Afur-m i- t And when the day of Pentecost wad fully come, they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak, as the Spirit gave them utteraii?».— Acts ii. 1-4. In the outpuourings of «ie Holy Spirit ui cnnsi culminates. The adorable mystery of Incarnation Iff Bethlehem, the great Redemption ac-4 complished on Calvary, the revelation! of Christ as the son of God in the power; of the Eternal Life by the Ressurection,- His entrance into glory in the Ascen sion — these are all preliminary stages f their goal and their crown was the coming down of the Holy Spirit. Aij Pentecost is the last, It is the greatest of the Christian feasts; in it the others find their realisation and their fulfil ment. It is because the Church has hardly acknowledged this, and has not seen that the glory of Pentecost Is the highest glory of the Father and the Ron that the Holy Spnrlt lias not yet? been able to reveal and glorify the soni in her as He fain would. Let us see i( we can realise j WHAT PENTECOST MEANS. ' Man was to be a temple for God id dwell in; he was to become the homt in which God could rest. The closest" and most intimate union, the indwelling of Love in love; this was what the Holy one longed for and looked forward to. What was very feebly set forth in type in the temple in Israel became a Divind reality In Jesus of Nazareth; God had! fcund a man in whom he could rest,; whose whole being was opened to the; rule of his will and the fellowship of his? love. In Him there was a human na ture, possessed by the Divine Spirit ( and such God would have all men to be. And such all would be, who accepted of this Jesus and His Spirit as their, life. His death was to remove the curse and power of sin, and make It possible) for them to receive his Spirit. His rcsurqg'ion was the entrance of human? nature, free from all the weakness <jf the flesh, Into the life of the Deity, the1 Divine Spirit-life, His ascension was admittance as Man into the very glory; of God; the participation by human na ture of perfect fellowship with God ini glory in the unity of the Spirit. And: yet, with all this, the work was not yet' complete. Something, the chief thing,; was still wanting. How could the! Father dwell In men even as He had dwelt in Christ? This was i THE GREAT QUESTION to which Pentecost gives the answer. I £ is only in the light of all that preceded Pentecost, of all the mighty sacrificed which God thought not too great if He might dwell with sinful men, that the narrative of the outpouring of the spirit can be understood. It is the earthly re4 flection of Christ's exaltion in heaven; the participation He gives to His friendsi : of the glory He now has with thd ; Father. To be apprehended aright, it : needs a spiritual vision; in the story; that is so simply told the deepest mys-r terles of the kingdom are unfolded, ana! the title-deeds given to the Church ofi her holy heritage until her Lord's re turn. What the Spirit is to be to be4. lievers and the Church, to the ministers of the word and their work, and to the unbelieving, the world, are , THE THREE CHIEF THOUGHTS. 1 1\. Christ had promised to His disciples that in the Comforter He Himself would.' again come to them. During his life on! earth, His personal manifested presence,, as revealing the unseen Father, was the t Father's great gift to man, was the j one thing the disciples wished and needed. This was to be their portion! ; now in greater power than before, 1 Christ had entered the glory with thi very purpose, that now, in a divine way. ; "He might fill all things," He might, specially fill the members of His body; with Himself and His glory-life. Wheq the Holy Spirit came down He brought as a personal life within them what had! previously only been la life near them but yet outside their own. The very; spirit of God's own Son, as He had . lived and loved, had obeyed and died,, , had been raised and glorified by Al- j mighty power, was now to become theifl ; personal life The wondrous transac- j tion that had taken place in heaven la' ; the placing of their Friend and Lord on! ! the throne of heaven, this the Holy; i Spirit came to be the witness of, yea. ' to communicate and maintain it within! them, as a heavenly reality. It Is indeed , no wonder that, as the Holy Ghos$ . comes down from the Father through! : the glorified Son, their whole nature is? I filled to overflowing with the joy and power of heaven, with the presence of Jesus, and their lips overflow with the praise of the wonderful works of God, 1 Such was j THE BIRTH OF THE CHURCH OB CHRIST; such must be its growth and strength", The first and essential element of the; true succession of the Pentecostal Church is a membership baptised with!; the Holy Ghost and with fire, every ! heart filled with the experience of the 5 presence of the glorified Lord, every, tongue and life witnessing to the won derful work of His throne, and then fill ing His disciples with that glory too. It is not so much the baptism of power, for our preachers we must seek; it is that every individual member of Christ's body may know, and possess. and witness to, the presence of an in dwelling Christ through llie Holy Spirit. It is this will draw the attention of the World, and compel the confession to the power of Jesus. 2\. It was amid the interest a1-! the questionings which the sights o;. this joyous praising company of believers awakened in the multitude tiiot Peter Stood up to preach. The story of Pente cost teaelies us THE TiiL'E POSITION OF THE MINISTRY, and the secret of its power. A church of the Holy Ghost is a power of God to awaken the careless, and attract all honest, earnest hearts. It is to such, an audience, roused by the testimony of believers, that the preaching will come with power. It is out of such a church of men and women full of the Holy Ghost that spirit-led preachers will rise up, bold and free, to point to every believer as a living witness to the truth of their preaching and the power of their Lord. Peter's preaching is a most re- markable lesson of what all hoij triiosi preaching will be. He preaches Christ from the Scriptures. In contrast with the thoughts of man, who had rejected Christ, He sets forth the thoughts of God, who had sent Christ, who delighted In Him. and had now exalted Him as His right hand. All preaching in the power of the Holy Spirit will be thus. The Spirit is the Spirit of Christ, the Spirit 1 of his personal life, takng possession of our personality, and witnessing with our spirit to what Christ 'has won for us. The spirit has come for the very pur pose of continuing the work Christ had begun on earth, of making men par takers of His redemption and His life. It could not be otherwise; the Spirit al ways witnesses to Christ. He did so in the Scriptures; He does so in the be liever; the believer's testimony will ever be according to Scripture. The Spirit in Christ, the Spirit in Scripture, the Spirit in the Church; as long as this threefold cord is kept intertwined, It cannot be broken. S. THE EFFECT OF THIS PREACH ING WAS MARVELLOUS, but not more marvellous than might be expected. The presence and power of Jesus are such a reality in the company of disciples; the power from on high, from the throne, so fills Peter; the sight niid experience he has of Christ as ex alted at the right hand of God, is such a spiritual reality; that power goes out from him, and as his preaching reaches Its application: "Know assuredly that God hatli made Him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom ye., crucified,." thousands bow in brokenness of spirit, ready to acknowledge the Crucified One as their Lord. The Spirit has come to the disciples, and through them con vinces the world of unbelief. The peni tent inquirers listen to the command to repent and believe, and they, too, re ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The greater works Christ had promised to do through the disciples He lias done. Xh one moment life-long preJ-rAice, and even bitter hatred give way to surren der, and love, and adoration; from the glorified Lord power lias filled the body, and from its power hath gone forth to conquer and to save. Pentecost is the GLORIOUS SUNRISE OF " THAT DAY," the first of "those days" of which the prophets and our Lord had so' often spoken, the promise and the pledge of what the history of the Church was meant to be. It is universally admitted that the Church has but ill fulfilled lier destiny, that even now, after eighteen centuries, she lias not risen to the heighit of her glorious privilege. Even when she strives to accept her calling, to wit- nes for her Lord unto the ends of the earth, she does it too little in the faith of the Petecostal Spirit, and the posses sion of His mighty power. Insead of re garding Pentecost as sunrise, she too often speaks and acts as if, it had been noonday, from which the light must needs begin to wane. Let the Church return to Pentecost, and Pentecost will return to her. The Spirit of God cannot take possession of believers beyond their capacity of. receiving Him. The pro mise is waiting; the Spirit is now in all His fulness. Our capacity of reception needs enlargement. It is AT THE FOOTSTOOL OF THE THRONE, while believers continue with one accord in praise and "love and prayer, while de lay only intensifies tlie spirit of waiting and expectation, while faith holds fast the promise, and gazes up on the ex alted Lord, in the confidence that He will make Himself known in power in tiie midst of His people — it is at the foot stool of the throne that Pentecost comes. Jesus Christ is still Lord of all, crowned with power and glory. His longing to reveal His presence in His disciples, and to make them share the glory life in which He dwells, is as fresh and full as when He first ascended the throne. Let us take our place at the footstool. Let us yield ourselves in strong, expect ant faith, to be filled with the Holy Ghost, and to testify for Jesus. Let the Indwelling Christ be our Life, and our strength, and our testimony. Out of such a Church, spirit-filied preachers will rise, and the power go forth that will make Christ's enemies bow at his feet. A nine years old little girl was put the witness box at the Criminal Oourt Melbourne. Mr Finlavson: "Do you know what truth is \Vlt- aess: "Yes." Mr Flulayson: "What happen if you don't tell the truth?" Witness: "Go to a wicked place." Mr rinlayson; "Do you ever tell lies?" 1 Wtness: "No." She was sworn. 