NOTES AND COMMENTS- CONSIDERING the very large and important a • ount of business transacted daily in Coolgardie, it is somewhat remarkable d th t, ere thi», an agitation has not been set afoot for the tst blis^ment of a telephone system in the town. The telephone has been in use in Perth and Fremantle for some time, and not only have most of the leading business p'aceg b en a tnched, but tbe two towns have been connected to the very great convenience of both plaws, an>i in spite of an absurdly hiih rate of chargto, the number of firms using it is rapidly increasing. In Co Igardie we have many of the a ljuncts of modern civilisation at cur dsposil, including the railway and the eleci ric light, and it is quite time the telephone m»de its appearance We feel certain that mist • f the business peoile, and • specinlly the fharebr kers, would gladly avail themselves of its services, and even the principal mines within a certain radius of the town could b^ connected, thus saving time and trouble in passing to and f-om them. Agr<at number of people intcr sted in the Kalgoorlie mines are resident in C o'- gardie, A telephone wire betwreu the two places w uld mean that the number of su h pe sons would inceaae largdy, while busine s transac ions ge' eia'lv wouli rec-ive a direct imp tus. No mining cen're is complete without the telephone In Bel arot and"Broken Hill it i> inconstant use amongst the mining and business fraternity, and its useful ess is powerfu'ly appar r nt in tho-e places. In B>rth and Fremantle the telephone is in the bands of the Government, »ho have fo'l welin this case their usual modus operandi—that is h:gh charges, accompanied by an inatequa ely high state of efficiency. Coolgardie, — wiih its 12,000 inhab tan's, and as the leading business centre of an area extendtne from Southern Cr> ss to the terra incognita on the east and from Mou-t Mnl"olm to tbe Bight, mUht ju=t y approach the Government for a boon similar to th«t gran ed to the two coustal cities. Bur, shou d we bs depe .d nt in this instance on a Government of who=e public works po'iny we have already hat bitter cause for complaiot ? We think not. The initiation of the tel phone nvglit "ell b» left in the ham's of the Munic ; p<l Council, or, failing that, of private e terprise. In any case, co sideting that the hot mouths will soon be upon us, when a ready means of interchange would be a boon ani a blessing, and a saving of much perop'rat.ion and pri f inity. the matter mi ht well be urged forward by those whose inteiests it, wouli be't serve—that is, the who e business community. Wh le oneho'se p aces : ike Pcth, Fie nantle, and even Gi raid ton, rejoice in the a 'vnnta^ea appertaining to telephonic communication, ic is not. to our credit any mo e than our convenience to be wiihout it. SOMEONE has been 1 pulling the leg" cf the Pith West Australian. This, in itself, is not a very difficult thine to do,—considering th- j child ike innocence generally displayed by our co 'tem| o ary—bu- ia this case the " pu ling" is of such an open and unabashed de>crii'tiou t iat almost anyone out of long e'o hes should have peen through it. It appears that a gentleman from the other side, who is after a contract to supply some, if nit. all, of the 90.000 tons of steel pipes which will be needed for Sir John Forrest's fioldfield8 Water Supply scheme, has been " filling up - ' one of the y ^ung " lions'' (and a full column) of our e^sy- geing, easilygulled contemporary with all sorts of will and fantastic ideas as to the establishment of a miniatute Middlesboro' or baby Birmingham in We.-tern Australia—"Perth," he actually mentions the tiro nosed " ironwotks" (of course) to be er<cted by ''farms in the colonies, willing and competent to come here and fix up plants and establish works''—for aconsidera tion. The fame gentleman adds *' We could make the pipes ourselves, and quickly, too ;" and therewith concludes after stating that, in his opinion, tbe Wa f =">r Scheme is "thoroughiy'practica^le " it -i a pity that persons tike this should come to Western Aus ralia from a distance of two thousand miles to talk twatdle and monopolise valuable advertising spa^, "hen we all knew perfectly well tiat, if we wanted to spend, say, a million pounds cr so, we could start not only iron works, but cotton factories, and cable companies, and i-hip yards, and wool mils. Is it likely that the | eople of this colony are going to pay about five tines as much for steel pipes made (from imported s'eel plates, at, that) on the epo% and also w .it a few years, while the prepara tions for the makine < f same are being earned out, just to foster an absolutely artificial and absurd industry, or assist an E<stern iroi foundry'o extend its business to this counti y, when a c uple of cables, costing a few pou- ds, wil' place us in com. municatioi w th the grea est iron centre of the world—Britain, where tbev can turn out more, betfr r, and cheaper p ; peB in a week than all Australasia in a year 1 Not much, The people on the Coolgardie fields, if the scheme is carried oat, ate not going to wait till 1910 for their water pipes and, even then, run big chances of finding the pipes useless. No doubt, the wsh being father to the th ught the " iron man " from the East is eaneuine that bis firm, or the fi-ms he speaks of, could supply the pipes and also the leaH for joining them together, but we would prefer to manage our own pipe contracts and obtain something like certainty of quality, execution and celerity, in place of visionary and impossible schemes for the introduction of exotic " industries." There i« quite enough uncertainty about the water scheme us ir. Btands, but if we are to wait till Perth establishes its local, industries and import* coal fr< m Newcastle to work them, the scheme may as well give up the ghost, for it will certainly never have either w*ter or profit to off r. 