"THE DOME OF THE GOLDEN CROSS." The latest lecture of the Rev. Charle3 Clark is not his best, still any lecture by Mr. Clark is enjoyable, and it is not surprising that the audience which assembled m the Town Hall on Saturday evening thoroughly ap preciated the entertainment provided. Mi. Clark, who made his reappearance after an absence of six long years, still possesses the sympathetic voice and fascinating manner which have evoked admiration all over the world, and he was accorded a hearty recep tion, "The Dome of the Golden Cross" is a subject full of interest to the Anglo Saxon race, for, as Mr. Clark put it, the stately procession of English history has moved through St. Paul's, that far-famed fane which rears its majestic dome hundreds of feet into the foggy air of Loudon, and above which gleams in the gloom the golden symbol of the Christian faith. The famous pile is a monument to the ability of its builder, the great Sir Christopher Wren, whose remains were buried there a century and a half ago. It vaa he who, after the great fire of 1GGG had demolished its predecessor, designed the present magnificent structure. " Here lie3 the builder of this church and city, Christopher Wren, who lived for more than -90 years, not for himself, but for the good of the State; reader, if thou askest for a monument look round thee." This is his epitaph, as fine in its way, says Mr. Clark, as the cathedral itself. It took 35 years to build St. Paul's of to-day— from 1675 to 1710. With graphic language the lecturer traced the development of the cele brated place of worship, which Phcenix-like has risen from the ashes to which its relentless foe, fire, had so often reduced it, and described the great events which adorn or disgrace the pages of English history, and which have been in some way or other connected with the cathe dral. His humorous anecdotes of those unfor tunates who did penance there caused con siderable merriment, especially those referring to the lady who was punished because she said a voice had come from the graveyard bidding men repent, for the Kingdom of God was at hand, or another suffering sister who whistled and sang and did other things which she ascribed to the moving of the Holy Ghost in her inside, or to the countryman who ate pork during Lent, or the man who had two wives—just as if he were not sufficiently punished already, for had he not therefore two mothers-in-law—or to many other wicked people who committed similarly dreadful offences, and some of whom suffered shivering in their shirts. This all occurred in the times goneby, when the church regulated fashion, and " I am not sure," said Mr. Clarlc with a smile, "whetherin these days of balloon sleeves and coachwheel bats it might not be well if the church did so still." In St. Paul's of the past and St. Paul's of the present many queer things have been done, many incongruous scenes enacted, many solemn services held, and many curious shows and ceremonies gone through. Once there was a public throrougb fare through its transept, through which rowdy urchins and stray dogs ran to and fro, rejoicing at the short cut. The cathedral is rich in its memorials of the illustrious dead, aud Mr. Clark availed himself of the oppor tunity of referring to many whose achieve ments in war and the arts of peace have gained them immortal fame. As to its external appearance St. Paul's, he said, is satisfying both to the _ eye and the imagination. People may complain of the way the London smoke has changed its color, but to Mr. Ciark the pigment has its charms. He hopes that the whole interior of the great national cathedral will soon be clothed in the perfection of beauty which its great architect designed but was not allowed to carry out. During the evening Mr. Clark recited two or three selections from Shake speare and Tennyson, and the applause which followed snowed how well his efforts were appreciated. The lecture will be repeated to night. 