Ben Bolt's Reply. BY THE GHOST OF BWBET ALICE. Oh, yo6. 1 remember sweet Hobart, old man, Wbioh stood at the foot of a hill, In a pluoe wbioh they called iSleepj Hollow, old man. And is, I believe, called bo still. - Tbe reason ia plain — there they don't go to sleep. For you see they have so muoli to do. They have no time to spare, they work all the day And enjoy themselves all tbe night thro'. Oh, that was the plaoo where our girls, old man, Paraded bo happy and gay : Every night to the danoe, ana enoh day with a smile They dreamed their existence away. Bach pub made a fortune oat there, old boy, And beer was just nothing a quart ; Shirts grew on tho trees, loaves fell from the eliy, And came just without being sought. Oh, that was the place where water was source, Aud each summer threatened a drought ; Y--t the mountain was covered with snow to the foot, And threatened to flood tbe plaoe out. Where they voted tlie money for building a In a gully to catch all the rain ; 'Twos a work that a child could have fitted with case, What it cost we will ne'er see again. Ob, well I remember the drains, old boy, And the Board there created to try To set np a scheme on a new improved plan. For which no one understood why. They oalled it an amateur Board of Click Clack, And a German Parliament too. But the rates all the same kept it easy alive, And continued to pay op the screw. I likewise remember our fooroe, old pal, Which we kept with a ninepenny rate; Oh, how do you think they- suppressed all th'e crime With the place in a dismantled state P I believe half tbe people went lancy and erased, And were too broken hearted to steal, And ae for tbe men with the ' boards' and the ' bones,' A chance wasn't left them to epeal. I've a faint recollection of firec, old chap, And a gang which they called a brigade ; When they did get a show to be on to a job They made it a fierce escapade. They could hitch up s. horse easy under an hour, WhilBt the flame blazed as merry as rain ; Although they were paid, the poor devils burned Had to pay for it over again. Oh, well I remember the time, old chop, When we fought for au Eight Hour Bill ; Bat it was rejected as the dirt on the street, For it was, they considered, a pill. They're not going to Rive us our rights, old man, They never will give us a show 'Till they've forced on the job by the single vote s power, It'B a game of compulsion you know. And well I remember Sir Philip U. F., Whom The Clipper called '? Fill-up ' 1 mean, Which was dubbed as most wicked and aw fully bad, A thing which should never have been. They called it seditious and gutterly low Though Sir Philip smiled most all the time ; Yet etill some there aro who would hang those who laugh. And surely make joking a crime. I also remember the Curi'tsn, old son, A newspaper happy and free ; It fought for our wrongs and held up to scorn The cultured crust's rating, yon see. When they shopped it for five hun dred pounds or so We responded right up to a man, For Liberty's colors we'll nail to the cross — Let 'em tear down the flog if they can ! There exists in Tasmania a class, old chum, Which creeps to the clans that's in power: They will fawn and bo equal to any foul work, Though it be but tho chance of an hour. I'd sooner snare dogs in the street, old man, Than grovel like them in the dust ; But they'd crawl after ub in the same old way If we tut hold the whip of the Crust. There s a change from the bad to the woree, old soul, But a. better chauge soon may take place, As you'll find in the end ii'tb running be etiff, We'll not lose our own iu tho race. Ob, it's pitiful, chappie, to see their games, And to what paltry things they'll descend lo accomplish their aims: whether rigut, friend, or wrong It will all come out sqnarc in the end. It's because I remember all tbiB, old man, I fancy the time is at hand When we'll all have a different state of affairs, And a change must come over the land. It only requires us to stick, old man, Aud vote nltoRether as one, For united wo sttind and divided wo fall, And we'll find that the end lias begun. 