THE MYSTEItY OF GLENELLIS. .' (t)irHls indeed ! The idea of people in tliiff ngr believing in such niter nonsense ! It ia too riiti'-iiloij* !" There was Rrnm in Miss Itotlishy's void* am) in every feature of tier pretty face an she «nc»k<>1 ttiwic words. Her companion, Charley King, a joung ci\i! «n^irner, was anuiced, judging by the umile that c*ni« and went before lie made annwer, in a h«lf-*oothiug, half apologetic tone- . .. Ah, now, don't you tbink you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiot>yncracy ? Von know a belief iu which one \H born and brought up is a part of Ilia very nature, accnpti d in oiost cases without question or reasoning. A few of our old men, 1 thiok, eliiim to bave seen and beard auraething very extraordinary in the Glen years ago-before my time ; a* for the rest of us, 1 suppose not half a dozen bave ever been there ; we simply ignore the place." '* That in exactly what I supposed," returned Miss Kutbsby, triumphantly. " Those antedi luvian* who nit, ruin or shine, iu front of hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make oth«n> believe." '. Perhaps you are right; but that docs not altertue fact tliat the Glen bears an evil reputa tion, and we arc all familiar with the blood* curdling stories of deeds said to bave bap|>ened there." " It seems to me they can easily be explained. Doubt less when tbts country was new the Glen was the rendezvous for ruffians and outlaws-; secluded, almost inacesaible for those whu met then: to be surprnted. To doubly secure them selvi-s they circulated horrible tales, raised a few ghosts, |and made occasions to impose them upon the credulous early settlers. There is tbe 1 case in a nutshell.'* Charley shook bis bead in doubtful way that Irritated the pretty philosopher. " Very well put, Miss Rothsby; but there are certain things-" " Nouseiise ! *' she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, " I know you are going to say something stupid aud old-fatthioned, and I will not permit it. Tbe robWrs are dust long ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet bave your all, for such a palpable imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spot on earth. Fio upon you, young men, to let suoh a state of things continue!" '* But what can we do about it P We were , taught to r« spect the opinion of our elders, and 1 bave done so." " That's all very well; hut respect ean be csrricd too far/* .. W» II, what do you suggest?'' asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. 1 " Tbat the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let tbe Who* be invaded by merrymakers, J and the sp»ll will be broken. Once known it will become famous, so that people will come from far and near to see it.'' "It njay be all just as you say," responded the young man. ** But you forget tbe flowers. Von told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from tbe stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account for that P " " I dou't try to acoount, for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature P One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is alsurd to be affected by a phenomeam just became one doesn't understand it." '* Nevertheless, I think tbe flowers are the grestrst objection to our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say tbe least," '* I suppose so-and it is such a pity ? you csnnot thick how I have set my heart on t his picnic In tbe Glen. Imagine the effect of one or two huudered lanterns. There is not a thing 1 could wish changed." '* Except the flowers.'' 44 Except the flowers, I wish they would dis appear for thai one evening Do you think we can persuade the ethers P " " We'll try ; the idea will be quite siartliug, however Wc shall meet with much more opposition from the jwrer.ts than from tbe young folks and if we hasten matters it will leave lefts time for talk. Friday will be the * harvest moon,' why not have it then P" " Just tbe thing ! I>o you suppose Blarney and bis harpers will go P" '* No, indeed, nor any other musicians in Ell en dale. We'll have to forego dancing." .'A moonlight picnic wihont dancing? Tceposterous 1 If tbe harpers will not yield to my powers of persuasion pa|m must furnish the music; be knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." " I will (ell you beforehand that you may as well reserv^ your powers of persuasion for the papas and mammas, aunts aud uncbs, who de clare they have heard unaccountable sounds issue from tbe Glen. Vou will teed them all, aud wish for more bsfore we successfully lay the ghost. Ah 1 here come Letty and Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Annie behind them. Good ! Now we can be gin the attack." Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years' absenoe in dintent lands. Amoug bis fellows there none bad a higher reputation than he for tboae qualities wbicb men as well as women most admire. It was not strange then that pretty Miss Rothsby, whom be found visiting bis sister, ib old schoolmate, ahould find him particularly attractive, and he, for bis part, bad declared to himself, after the manner of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Rothsby or no oue. About a mile from Gltendsle was the haunted glen of which they bad been speaking, marvel lously beautiful and picturesque. Miss Boths by had Sfirnt mahy an hour thtre,fnF her friend and hos ess was an important personage in household aud {wish matters, and there were timen whin tbe visitor must «»ntei tain herself. As she wss a good walker she soon knew the country fur miles around better than most of the young women born and bred in tbe town, fttid so discovered the beautiful and sreluded spot which bore so twd a reputation. " Better not go there sgsiu, Miss Rothsby," herhnfib siid to her when she spoke of her ex pedition at the dinner table, and wondered that so charming a plnce was so little known. *' It is Humiliating to admit that we are the victims of suftttstitioti, but everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted." "Then, as I should immensely enjoy a friendly cbftt with a-bona-fide ghost, I shall make it a point to go soon again," laughed the young lady. " I hope not.''said Mr King, gravely,41 for I feel deeply upou this subject. Vou, of course, noticed the oik tree that hides the pathway P It Was planted wben I was a boy A dreadful , thing had bapiwned there just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything super natural about it" " What was it ?" asked Miss Itothsby, curi ously. "Tell meo all the story, please." *' I can only fell you what I know. An odd looking foreigner pssaed through the town one day, and disappeared in tbe Glen. That night a shock a< ot earthquake was felt, and people who passed near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks wers repeated. The man was never seen -again, and it wss supposed that be was murder ed " Ob ! and ia that all P" asked Miss Rothaby, in a disappointed tone. "The authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render the Glen as inaoessible as possible. For aught 1 know, yours is the first foot that lias stepped within it tor forty years." " I must say, then, that you have lost more than you can imagine, and 1 shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest spot ou earth." JSu answered the wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter asofl* A a* oppor-, tunity allowed, declaring to herself, as she sot! upon the grceusward drinkiug in the beauty of her surroundings, that it wasenchated ground, and that she was uuder the magic spell. When Charley Kiug came he was a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it; matter where they went P * The picnic by usooulight had been a long talked of plan among the young people of the village. The selection of tbe place was left to these two visitors and they had chosen the haunted glen. Friday WHS ths night epjnjinted. { Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, | but no one bad the courage to tefuse save the oiusidsns, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, and could not be persuaded to " reck their lives, reason, and in strooments by con' to tbe bants of tbe devil hisseM.T Co Mr. Rothsby supplied the music, giving the B"u he sent from the rityinstruttioD# to render any assistance* they could, bidding tbein. it |M)g»iblea to arrange ami liuht the immense tiumlnr of Chinese lanterns lie con Mgn<-d to *ln m without the Jeiiowlwige of the puiy. fliiH plnn norkc<l well. for that their last ni^ht might not l>« u*wiil«-d by ta'cs not con ducive to tthwidy hands, tbey were met at the tniiii mid dueut^d to ilie Glen, with *trict in junctions not to p'uck flo much as a bUde of gr«"N. The Hun hud not. yet set behind the distant mountum top when doors here and there throughout pretty Ellendulo opened for the gay picnickers to nally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the viflagtt streets with. jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorways. Dut when they entered that distant pathway and theawoetp'rfumeof the forest pervaded the air u their light feet pressed tha carpet of pine needle*, thejest diedaway, the laughter ceased, aud their voices had a hollow sound. Fear seized upon them ; eieh had a strong de*ire to turn back, but ahrank from thejfidiculw of his fellows. Thru the spasm passed, and in low voices tbey talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon tbeir view all other thought* were dispel led, and the nervous reaction of their ground-, less terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds ot lanterns detuned faintly is the fading twi« light from the trees and vines on either tide, and the grand old oak which barred the en trance was fairly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair " queen ot the night," an i her silvery disc rose above the tree tops, wm the signal for a song, half chant, hslf rounde lay, (hat had been composed for the occasion, and as the young people stood in the pride and strength of their youth, theirt faces upturned, their rich, sweet voices., filling the dying day with meloly, one would have said, " Wise Miss Nothsby t Surely'no restless, unholy spiriu* can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices roust ex orcise them for nverraore." Scarcely rpenking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to spot in an ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed bo red upon the ground attract them ; but Mies Bothsby bsd exaggerated the stain tbey made that they might be left untouched. She felt now that some natural explanation could be given of their unpleasant peculiarity, hut dreaded its effect u|>on weak nerves, so wisely advised her companions to beware of them She learned from the musicians that her father bad intended coming on the dame train with them, but being detained at the last <nin« ute, he would take the next one, and be with them before the evening was over ; bo, as her light feet kept time to a favourite wklli, and a face she much approved was very near to hers, i she thought her cup of earthly bliss was Dearly full. There was to be dancing until nine o'clock ; when supper wimld be served, and afterwards I more dancing if tbey chose; but the parents had ! insisted that the yuung folks should be at home I by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had promised for < tbem by virtua of her chaperonage. The camp fire was lighted on a great flat stone near the oak tree, and to show its good fellowship oracklefl iu the mofet cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the Hombre branches of the pirn n way up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good things, the tempting fen at was spread, the frag rant aroma of the coffee proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. King, as master of the cerouiome^wasabout giving the signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout the place there came a soft, silvery sound like the lone of a clock striking the hour of nine. The dancers, pausing in thnr giddy whirl, looked at each other and said, " what a pretty device of Mis» Koih*by's J" but t ven as they spoke the eaitb seeinM to tremble beneath their feet, while a lurid, uneaithly glow lit up with appal ling disiinciiiBHB every object in the Glen,to the very top of the l>eetling ledge shove them. With a discordant, jurnog sound the music stopped. Heart* beat fast; cheeks grew white; then the rounds died away. " What is it V What does it mean ?" every* body was attiring. Charley King made answer.although be could not quite control the tremor in his voice. *' It must have been a slight shock of earth quake or some electrical disturbance. 1 have seen most wonderful phenomena in my time." Paitly reassurred the musicians went back to their stand and the company sat down to table, but it was in vain they strove to apeak natur ally, in vain they strove to eat. Their voiccs were thick, their hands trembled, their hearts beat painfully quick and loud After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said '* My friends. 1 fear 1 have taken cold iu this beautiful but moist place. 1 propose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good-night wsltx at my house P" Before an answer could be given again there souuded throughout the Glen the faint, low chime, so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled and seeming to come from beneath them, i cached their ear*, and a rocky door in the cliff swung back, rerf»)iijg a cav<m filled with light; but brighter than the light about it was a human form wrapped in flame that sprang out of it and fell upon the greensward. Here was something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new horror. Too late ! the form I«y still, the voice was silent, and the flames wore inssteK at Isst of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised were the ghost* for <evcr, harmless was the subterranean chamber tilled with un meaning apparatus and curious chemicals to (hose who found them, for the evil genius was dead. For yeais the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had fouud, at last, her very great est death. 