THE LENTEN SEASON. BISIIOP CORBETT'S I'ASTORlAL LETTER. The following Lenten pastoral letter was read at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday by the Bishop of Sale: DEARLYL BI:LOVED lBRETIIHREN IN JEBUS CIIRIST, As the first man was condemned for not having abstained from eating, not withstanding thile express command of God, so the Creator has prescribed fast ing as a reparation for this first sin. It is the best means of avoiding the consequences of original sin, the best remedy to restore peace of mind, to control the passions, and to bring our flesh under subjection. "Excess in eating and drinking,' says St. Ambrose, "has killed many a man, frugality has killed no one; immoderate use of wine has injured many a constitution, temper ance has never done any harm. You invite your friends to a feast, and you lead them to death ; you ask them to a merry.making, and you conduct them to a tomb; you promise them the greatest delicacies, and you condemn them to the most exquisite tortures; you fill them with wine, and lo I it is their poison." Intemperance may not be at this time more prevalent than it has been in the past; but we are sadly conscious that it is one of the most destructive scourges by which modern society is cursed. It robs its victim of his character, his happiness, his reason-aye, and of his conscience. It robs his family of overy domestic and social comfort. It robs his children of the very necessaries of life. Every motive that should influence the heart of an honest man, of an honorable citizen,' of a faithful husband, of a loving father, of a sincere Christian, is contemptuously flung aside by the slave of this degrading passion. lie puts his honour, his worldly interests, his love of family, his duty to God, in the scale with his insatiable appetite, and he pre fers its gratification to every other con sideration. Pictures of woful wrotched ness have been drawn by many a gifted pen, in order to illustrato' the blighting effccts of this beastly vice; but every such picture, how vivid or ghastly soever be its colourings, must fall short of the dreadful realities of the drunkard's life. It is a well-known fact that an industrious and diligent father of a family, who lives decently according to his condition, but practises due economy, can save a great deal and support himself and those who depend on him with very little expense. It is quite the contrary with inveterate drunkards and those who spend their time in idleness; they squander all they have, until they are not able to meet the most necessary expenses of their household, and have to be satisfied with very poor fare in the end. Thero is no proof required to show the truth of this; "!Bo not in the feasts of great drinkers," says the Holy Ghost in the Book of Proverbs, " nor in their revellings, who contribute flesh to eat : Becanse they that give themselves to drinking, and that club together shall be consumed; and drowsiness shall bea clothed with rags." (Proverbs XXIII, 20,21.) A drunkard can never repair his losses; because, even if he got his drink for nothing, lihe makes himself incapable of attending to his business by which he has to support himself and his family. No matter how successful a storekeeper is in trade, it he once gets fond of drink, then, good-bye to his prosperity; he will not keep his books properly, his customers will begin to desert him, lie will neglect to push his business, and will lose his credit, in a word, he will soon ruin himself. Who would have any dealings with such a man i Oh, no, people would say, I am not going to leave myself in the hands of a drunkard like that! What can a farmer or a labourer do to support him self and Isis family if'he is addicted to drink ? The land is untilled, the work is neglected, the last penny is spent for drink, and his house is falling to pieces for want of repairs. St John Chrysostom says, "Tile drunkard is unfit for any kind of business"; lie is good for nothing but drinking and spending money. What can this lead to but ruin I No matter how great a treasure is, if some thing is taken out of it every day, and nothing added to it, it must be soon exhausted. When a man has once become ad. addicted to the wretched vice of drunken ness, Isis cure is almost hopeless. Iis carousing over night makes him thirsty again in the morning, and hlie is like one who has swallowed sea-water, which increases instead of taking away thirst. As the Holy Ghost says in the Book of Proverbs: "Look not upon the wine when it isyellow, when the colour thereof siineth in the glass. Thlou shalt be as one sleeping in the midst of the sea; . . And tiotan shalt say : When shall I awake and find wine again l" (Proverbs XXIII. 31, 31, 35.) His desire for drink is preferred, not merely to Iis domestic duties, but even to God IHimself; and as one day ends in drink ing, the following day is commenced in thle same way. "Have you ever seen a dog," says the liilosopher Seneca, "standing by while his master is eating 7 Ilis nmontll wauters, and Ihis eyes are always fixed on his master; if the latter throws him a bit of bread, lhe snaps at it and swallows it in a mnoment, and, just as greedy as before, hlie stands there waiting for another bit. The same thing," continues the plhilosophler, " occurs with thel drunkard; hlie is never satisfied; iwhat he drinks to-day lasts only until lie has slept it offl anid when he has done so, he longs for mnore.'" Thus one fit of drliukenness succeeds another, so that it is impossible to find him even partially sober except, Ierhaps, early in thle morn. rig. What can be the result of that, but extravagalnce, rulin and poverty, ishich will eventually coteill the drunkard to give up his bad habit, for want of imeans i " \\\'lhat inadness it is,"' says St. Augustiine, "to piour down one's throat in a dclay, what should snfuic to supply one decently with food and drink for three or four days, and to exhaust in ai few years by excessivo drinking, what coul-l have sUlported one's self and family for a whole life-tine !" Ando w I mlst express our lheartfelt pity for those I unfortunate men, iwho hbare a wife and family to supplort, and Iave no olther means of doing so but their daily labour, Sbut who are so addicted to this besotting I vice that tlhey send tile few shillings I they earn to the public- house, and generally drink on Saturday night and Sunday all tlhey have earned for the rweek. As St. Ambrose says: "They i drink in one lday the nlabour and sweat of nmany days." Tiley have not a decent a coat on their backs; tiuey are even Sdestitute of suffcicient bread to keep body and soul togetler duriog the week; and when they reach old ago, or sickness comes upon them, so that they are not able to work, they have not a penny in their pocke:s to buy bread for them selves and their families. St. John Chrysostom says that a drunkard is a disgrace to humanity. And what greater shame can there be than to degrade human nature from its dignity. Man is created to the image and likeness of God, he is only a little inferior to the angels and princes of Heaven in dignity. "Thou hast made him a little less than the angels," says the Psalmist. But when he is drunk what becomes of the dignity of his nature? The Holy Fathers consider that the names of fool and beast are too honour able ito be applied to drunkards. St. Basil calls the drunkard, "One who turns himself into a devil." Because as Lucifer by his prideand rebellion changed himself from an angel of light into a demon of darkness, so also the drunkard deliberately obscures his reason and de prives himself of his reasoning faculties. Lucifer deprived himself of his super natural gifts, but there still remain to him his intellect, his knowledge, and his power of discernment. Bydrunken ness, therefore, a man does himself much more harm, because he destroys not only the inward supernatural beauty of the soul, which consists in sanctifying grice, but also his natural gifts, his understand ing, his memory, his reason, and even his very outward appearance sometimes becomes brutalised. What would you think of a man who deliberately invokes a demon and invites him to take posses sion of his body? Would not that be a fearful crime I Could it be excused from mortal sin ? Yet, that is what the drunkard, man or woman, does. Man always carries about with him a very precious image, his reason. Whose im age is it I It is that of the King of Kings, of Him who is jMaster of all the potentates of Heaven and earth. It is the image of the Almighty God, Who has given it to man, as a token of His love. Could a greater insult be offered to that image than to degrade it to the condition of a beast by drunken nets ? It is not without cause that God in His anger threatened woes and maledictions by the rrophet Isains: " Woe to you that rise up early in the morning to follow drunkenness, and to drink till the evening to be inflamed with wine . . . Therefore hath hell en larged her soul, and opened her month withoutanybounds." (V. 11,14.) Not without cause does He ask in the Book of Proverbs: "Whohath woe? Surely they that pass their time in wine, and study to drink off their cups." (XXIIL 29, 30.) Not without canse has He pronounced the final sentence by St. Paul : "Nor shall drunkards possess the Kingdom of God." (I Corinthians VI.10.) IIear how God threatens drunkards by the Prophet Jeremias: "In their heat I will set them drink, and I will make them drank that they may slumber, and sleep an everlasting sleep, and awake no more, saith the Lord." (LI.31.) These words may be applied to all who are addicted to drunkenness, because the longer they indulge in this degrading vice, the more they become attached to it ;.so that they refuse to give it up, and are generally hurried into eternity by a terribly sudden and un provided death, without true sorrow and repentance for their sins. St. Cwsarius, Bishop of Arles, says: "Though drunkenness is indeed a great evil, and a heinous vice and hateful to God, yet it lhs been so spread by custom through out the world, that by some, who care not to know the commands of God, it is not thought or believed to be a sin at all; so that they ridicule those who cannot drink as much as others, and are not ashamed, by a cruel kind of friend ship, to compel men to take more than they require. It were less cruel to wound a man's body with a sword than thus to slay his soul by drunkenness. Is it wise to cling to a drunkard and to be separated from God? Oh, what a wretched world is this! Men force drunkards to go on drinking, and will not give one cup to the poor man who begs at their door. Oh ! if the pagans who know not God did such things, we should not wonder ; but how can Chris tians h guilty of such shame whom God has called out of darkness into His admirable light, and from death to life? By the tremendous judgment of God, I adjure you not to be like the pagans in drunkenness if you are unlike them in faith; for even though you should not commit other crimed, yet drunkenness, if it is frequent, and not amended and repented of, casts into the depths of hell, according to what.is said : Drunkards shall not possess the kingdom of God. . .. Alas! How will noriests have to render an account at tihe day of judgment for their people if they leave them in ignorance of the greatness of this sin, and do not fre quently preach to them of its fearful consequences." Violent passions foster in the soul the vrice of intemperance; that monster, which wages so cruel a war on man. Go into the hospitals and ask what has chained so many poor creatures to those hard beds where sleeplessness reigns, or fever maddens, or delirium revels ? Intemperance! Visit the prisons. What drore their wretched inmates to theft, to forgery, and to murderl-Intemperance l What has destroyed that magnificent property which usurers now parcel out -in lots, and caunsed it to pass through thle hands of so many new masters t -Intemperance! Look out on the streets; see those abject, ragged, and ill-looking wretches, who disgrace humanity by their consummate immor ality, and who seem to start np from the earth in times of eonuvalsion and anarchy. What has made them the victims of this squalid misery and appal ling wa-Int-Intemperance! Were the gates of the infernal dungeons~-where t!lhe reprobate who have lost all hope a of heaven are imprisoned-to be laid open, we should find them filled with innumerable trophies of intemperance. d DIeath should hare it represented on his r bonner, for never did the conqueror's tl sword, or tihe poisonous breath of pesti lence destroy so many lives; where war and pestilence have killed s thou- : sarid, intemperance has slain its tens C of thosanods. What strange infatu- G ion! A malignant demon drags his hG disciples to the abyss, which he conceals 1 for awhile from their view by some faled flowers, and leaves them there--a prey to hunger, nakedness, siekcess, t dishonour and, what is still harder to endure, to the remorse of their own conscience. What clamours would rise against Divine Providence were men to suffer for piety and virtne's sake- one half of what they endure in thle service ofintemperance! Oh! the neilcct, the dreadful neglect of the drnnken par;nt on Sunday. How greatly d, o not the disorderly life of the drunkar1 lesl:i e the bles~ings of the S;niday fr hii hsousehold, fotr his childirrn : li I- lt esxample counteract tihe gol it:tps sions which that sacred day is so woll th calculniated to atamp on their minds, h n The drunkard seldom or never goes to a- Mass. Ile never goes to confession. Or, if lie does, it is only to tell a lie to a the Holy Ghost, for he promises to r abstain from drink and hlie breaks his e promise as soon a' be has made it. How many homes are wrecked bcacuse c the mother and the wife has fallen ender te the power of this temptation! IIow if much misery ; how many broken hearts s; Le how many ihusbands driven from home; s how many children neglected and clo ing to misery and shame by the ie tem perance of their mothlers Tihee arc e mysteries which will never be known until the Last Day ; and therefore this t. sin is not one ,in only, but the great o sin which leads to others, and which is 8 high treason against the very nature of d man. a When God upbraided the Israelites d by the mouth of llis plrophet, Hle named all their wicked crimes one by I. one. "There is," saith the Lord, " no truth, there is no mercy, there is no knowledge of God in the land. Cursing. aend lying, and killing. and theti, and adultery have overflowed, and blood h hath touched blood." And then, as if to Y sum up all these grievous crimes in one e most grievons crime, God says : "Thy people are as they that contradict the I- priest." (Osee chap. IV.) This terrible a truth is the last degree of wickedness to s which sinners can come; for he who n contradicts the priests of God contradicts s God Himself. The misfortune of this 5 kind of men is such, that the Apostle, e with tears in his eyes, can only deplore d their blindness and look upon their e misery as meriting God's vengeance: a "And now I tell you weeping, that Y they are enemies of the cross of Christ; \- whose end is destruction, and whose glory is in their shame." (Philippians SII. 18.19.) Whilst we contemplate the sad state of those misguided beings who are a addicted to the degrading vice of intem perance, we must not forget that even t for them the God of all goodness has provided an efficacious remedy, if they I will only use it. "Do penance, He I says, and live." He confirms His pro mise of life to the repentant, by an oath e the most tremendons that even the Almighty Himself can make-He Sswears by His eternal existence that He longs to pardon and receive the penitent : "As I live, says the Lord, I t will not the death of the wicked but that r the wicked turn from his way, and live." (Ezechiel XXXIII. II.). Our Lord on the Cross spoke seven words which were heard distinctly. The fifth of these words was: "I thirst." O, yes, I thirst, but rather to suffer more for the love of men than to drink a little liquid to refresh my body. See the ardour of our dear Lord's love for yon ! Had He not suffered enough without desiring r more to testify His love foryou I Corres pond, then, to that burning love, and suffer something for Him. The whole of Lent is a preparation for Holy Week when we solemnly commemorate the Passion and Death of our Lord; each Friday is dedicated to the memory of some one of the mysteries of His Passion. The Stations of the Cross should be frequently performed at this time, and we earnestly exhort you to assist daily during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, which calls back to our minds the memory of His Passion, and where is shown forth the Death of the Lord, until He come. These devount practices, it carefully attended to and earnestly per formed, cannot fail to kindle in your sonls a tender and solid devotion to the Passion of our Lord, and to im press you with the importance which that lesson teaches. We earnestly ex hort you to endeavour as much as possible to coniform to the law of fasting prescribed by the Church daring Lent, now that the conditions of that law have been made so lenient.. We also remind you how the duty of prar tising alms deeds is incumbent on all, but more especially on those who, by reason of their infirmities or from other causes, are dispensed from the obligation of fasting. Let us, Beloved Brethren in Christ, impress upon you the necessity of hav ing your children educated in our Catholic Schools, where their hearts and souls are trained in such a manner as never to forget their duties to God, their Church and their parents. Pro vision has been made in this diocese for the higher education of girls, who are confided to the care of the efficient and devoted Sisters of Notre Dame de Sion, and our special attention most now be directed to the efficiency and multiplica tion of our primary schools. The poorest community in the country, we have had to meet and make head against enormous difficulties. Our ever-growing need for churches and schools has obliged us to strain every nerve; and what is asked of you is not generosity I only, hut sacrifice. And yet, at this very moment, when under the necessity of soliciting your aid for the support of our 2lissions, we cannot and ought not to conceal from you, or allow you to forget, these pressing and necessary claims. First, in order of dignity nas of need, is St. Peter's Pence: A sacred duty to the Vicar of our Divine Lord, now in duranca, and at tihe mercy of I his enemies, the victim of a more flag rant breach of public trust than history I has ever recorded; and the world looks I calmly on, and hears unmoved the knell of public faith in the destruction of all treaty-sanctions between nation and nation, as between lman and nman. You are aware that in every dioce e there is a Cathedral, which i" not tihe church of any particular pui or dis- Ii trict, but really belongs as much to any ' other parish, Cevenl the eiost remote, Xs it does to that in which it is isiuatedd. It is the mother-chlirci of the dicece and hence it has a claim foir Sul lprt oei all the faithful children who owe siritual allegiance to the Lisiop. We be-, therefore, to remind you, dear chlildren in Christ, that there is a long-stanling s debt , of nearly two tholnsanld polnds remaining due, anil if everry family ini the diocese made a little teiort to enasle us to wipe out that debt, wce should be relieved of a grave responsibility, andrl hare tile consolation of pirerentia your Cathedral free of all liability, to tihe Giver of all god gifte, thrugh the hands of our hioly Patron, oerr Lady f J Perpetnal Succour, who never fails to succour her devoted chiillron. sNext, C there is thie ifnrl fii ccrle-iasticali tudents : and thiioe i- the scho lI fiund. whose object is to rescile and proteet our little ones, the lhope of thie future of the faith in tins coultri, fi0om false irre- i linine teaching. Wl"ith demands u0 on oir meualc, at once so extensive anid Iragent, we neel, dear orethren in Jesus i Christ, iboth encourargement from oil on Iighii. ani thie promli-e ,f a la-tin- cc rewaMrd, ti, morie us eiretnally to imale ih 'rcat antd really meritorious sacrifice. ca IlnMembler, Fathers and 3Motiher, that thi day will collme, when Ftanding brfore thie judgment-seat of God, you will P hare to give an account of your responsi bilities towards your children. To avoid confusion and consternation on that dreadful day, see that your children are educated in Catholic schools, where they are strengthened in their faith, and contantly taught to hate sin and to love and practice virtue. Firallh, not wishing to fill into the hands of God avenging the Death of Ilis Son. let un think seriously of making an excellent ute of that )eath and apply in.s to ourselves its merits and fruits, so that what is the basics of olr salvation may not becutme the occasion of our ruin. ' When our Lord shall come to judge is."'' says St. Autgutine, "lie will surely give uis wlhat Ife has promised, uit lie will likewise demtanud an account of what Ie[ has alrcady given us, and of what lie has dlne to redeem icus. Remnlember that having been ransionled with merrc, you will be judged with oustice." May the grace of our Iord Jesus Clhrist be with you all. Amen. \+ JAMES FRAN(C5e. ]ishojp of Sale. Given at Sale. Quinquagesima Sunday, I, ;. 