Kingswood Chace. CHAPTER LXXIV. WtVIIEN Lord Kingswood had satisfied himself by a rapid search of his wife's apartments that she had quitted Kingswood H-all, it be came only too painfully evident t. him that it was fromn him she bad fled.. He despatched mounted servaits in every direction to endeavour to gain tidings of her, and while they were gone lie r rtsacked her desks and any place where he thtought some paper or scrap would show him the path he ought to take. But not a word upon paper, not a token, a trinklet, a single article which tended to con firm the first suspicions that were raised by her suddern: disallpeaitance coutld hc find. He wa~s arexcts to believe that she hid merely removed herelf qtuietly to avoid an interview with him. What he did.discover tended directly to verify this impression. In a large case he found all the prerents of various kinds-ringe, bracelets, diadems-bhe had ever given to her. He felt a spasm of pain as he recognised the e baubles, huddled together as if worthless; but he regarded t as conclusive evidence that she had quitted hbr home alone, perhaps to return to her ow:a famnily, which was one of elevated rank. He hIoped that he should find this to be the case, because he.knew that an explana lion would then be demanded of him by her immediate re'atives-and explanation, he believed, he could give triumphantly. She would see the error she had committed in not placing implicit faith in him, would return to him, and resume her proper position in his household. When his servants returned, fatil.ued and travel.stained, unsuccessful in their search, he dismissed them without a word, and resolved to proceed immediately to London, and there be prepared to seize and turn to his advanltage whatever new phase circumstances might take. In the morning he despatched a message to Lady Maud announcing his intention to proceed to London. Even an she received it she saw from her window his carriage pass at a swift pace down the avenue. She saw his pale face look from out the carriage window-and turn towards the pile of buildings like one who looks his last upon his home. So she was lelt alone and unprotected, save by the servants, in that drear old Hall. She would have been affri;hted at her situation but that she thought that Erle would be near her; After what had transpired the evening before she quite expected that Hareblell would communicate some intelligence to her respecting him; but the girl remained silent, and moved about with a soft slow noiseless tread, like one who knows there is death in the house, Her face was as white as a ghost, and it had a fixed expression of horror upon it. At length Maud, unable to endure her silence, asked her by a direct question whether Mr Gower was still a prisoner. The girl tried to speak, but she only gasped. She wrung her hands and burst into tears, Lady Maud looked at her as though in those tears she could read his fate. For an instant her eyes pierced her through and through; then she rushed past her and out of the room. With a gasp the girl pursued her. She had taught her a near way to the chamber in the eastern turret, and Maud fled towards it with the speed of a deer. SThe girl tried to be swift, too, but her knees shook and tottered beneath her She staggered on after her young mistress, and at length reached the chamber-door. She be held Maud standing like one whio had been transformed into stone, her eyes fixed upon a pool of human blood, Presently she heard alow moan expressive of intensest human agony burst from her lady's lips, and. then she saw her move from the spot to which she had appeared frozen, and follow the ghastly drops zig-zag upon the floor, down stone stairs to the door, leading dut into the park. With a sudden wrench she turned the key in the lock, and pulled back the door itself, lettingin the fresh breeze and the sunlight though to Harebell it was as if it were the openir:g to a vault. She bent down to the soft, waving grass, ard here and there traced a crimson spot, uon'il her eyesight left her, and she swooned where the body had been: rested, and where there was .a larger patch of gore than before. Harebell reached her, knelt by her side, felt her cold hands, saw her closed eyes and half-opened mouth, and tiien, by a tremendous' effort of nature, shrieked frantically for help., The screams were heard within the Hall. Help came. Servants, astounded at finding Lady Maud senseless in such a spot, bore her to her chamber. Medical aid was brought as quickly as possible, and some long, dreary days passed ere consciousness could be said to have re turned to her. It was needless for the skilled physician who had been brought thither to ask what had occurred; it was enough for him to know that the brain had undergone a strain to which it had succumbed, and his directions were to Harebell, who would suffer no one to wait upon Lady Maud but herself night or day, thatishe must not on any account be disturbed either by sounds or faces; that it woutd be proper, instantly to communicate to Lord and Lady Kingswood Lady Maud's daugerous condition, but that it would be better for the present if neithler attempted to see her. Harebell listened to him witt anxious eyes, and then upturned her haggard count enance to his, she sank upon her knees before him. 'Pray, sir,' she said, sobbingly, 'if you would save my dear, dear lady, give your strictest orders to the servants in the hall not to admit Mr. Philip Avon here, .during Lord or Lady Kingswood's absence, on any pre tence whatever.' The physician regarded her with surprise. 5 What is the meaning of this excitement ? be asked. SDo not ask me, sir,' she arswi r:e, entreat ingly. 'Btit, oh, it you would not kill my poor dear young lady outright, do not allow Mr. Avon to crme near the Hall.' The physician mused a moment, 'This fellow is at the bottom of the poor young lady's illness,' he muttered. ' I know the coarse brute.' Then raising his voice he said -' I have already given you strict orders not to admit anyone to the presence of Lady Maud St. Clair, except a nurse, whose aid you' must obtain immediately, or we shall have you laid up, too, and I am sure your mistress cannot spare your services now, my good girl.' ' But Mr. Avon,' urged the girl. ' He must not be uffered to place his foot upon the threshold, or he will force his way up here, if only to talk to Lady Maud through the key. hole of her room. She will die if she knows he is near her.' ' Wtll, well,' raid the physician, kindly, ' I will give my orders to the men down below. Th.re, away to your mis:rcss's bed.side, she will need all your watching.' As he passe:l through the hall he put the desired veto on Phi!ip Avon's a:mnission. Philip was very impateial!y hated by the hoiseho:ld, so hli y pu!ledl themselves togethir with the intention of resisting any attempt to effect a forcible entlry. He came, his lace s llower. than ever, He was not allowed to appro:ch thie ilhreshold. He listened t:, th, statemnts of the s:rvants without surprise or other emotion, and: slunk away. In the meantime Lard Kingsw2od reached London, and his first task wa.s to make sonime inquiries respecting Erie, He was startled with the answers he re, ivced, but though amazed and mystified, he was not diissatihfied. D.a h mright supervene-death, not wrought by his means, might relieve him of more than one- half of his present care. He ascertained also that the Marq'ris of Chillingham was in London, and had not quitted it during his ocn absence. But he learned also that Lady Kinswcod had not returned to her laiher's roif, and that her family, as well as the world-the fashionable world-believed that she was yet rusticating at K;ngswood Hill. He was greatly perplexed at this He could formo no notion what her resources were, and therefore could not imagine whither she had fled. He was doomed, however, to be awakened to its po-sibility. The aciin ehich had been commenced by Horace Vernon was post poned upon application to the Court, upon the plea of thie unavoidable absence ifa material witness, and Lord Kingswood laugled when be heard it, He did not laugh long. Then came the news of Maud's illness, of which he took little leed. He was given to understand that she was under the care of an eminent physician, and that he considered to be all that was necessary for her. One evening his valet, Pharisee, entered his library and prayed him to grant him an interview, as he had a communication to make to him of the utmost imsportance. Lord Kingswood eyed him superciliously. 'I suspect, Pharisee, you can tell me of little I am unacquainted with,' he said coldly, ' I therefore look upon the matter as closed, and beg I may no more be troubled with it.' 'Your lordship, I am sure, does not know the subject upos which I am about to speak, said Pharisee, coolly. Lord Kingswood felt uncomfortable, but he said, with apparent serenity Proceed, Pharisee.' Pharisee drew from the breast-pocket of his coat a paper, which he laid before Lord Kingswood. He took it up. It was a note and was ad dressed to the Marquis of Chillingham. He uttered a cry of pain.. The. hand. writing was Lady Kingswood's, and the note that bhictr she had entrusted to Pharisee in the picture-gallery of Kingswood House to deliver to the Marquis of Chillingharn. Lord Kingswood's hands trembled violen tly as he opened the note, and a deadly faintness overcome him, so that for a moment he could not see one word. At length, by an teffort, he mastered its contents. He fixed his inflamed eyes on Pharisee's, -There is no signature,' he said, lioarsely. ' Your lordship, I presunme, rccogrises- the handwriting ?' returned Pharisee. Lord Kingswood gnashs-d his teeth to gether, but still, with seeiing coldness, he rejoined - ' Most women wri'e alike.' ' The conrtetts, my lord, speak for them. selves,' returned Pharisee; ' but if your lordship is still in doubt, I can remove that doubt positively.' V' Whose handwriting do you drclare it to be?' he asked, grimly Lady Kingswood's,' replied Pharisee. Lord Kingswood set hIis teech together, and a gloomy frown settled on his brow. 'Her ladyship speaks of an interview in the epistle,' he said, hu kily. 'Are you acquainted with any particulars respecting it ?' * I am, my lord,' returned his valet,looking itskance at the noblenansithl an expression of malignant joy gleaming in his eyes. ' There is also a trustworthy messenger spoken of Are you the individual' so hoooured ?' inqired his lordship, in. a con. temptuouslyusarcastic tone. 'No, ry lord,' arswered Pharisee, lying promptly. 'Who, then ?' interrogated his lordship, curtly. ' Pengreep,' responded Pharisee;. Lord Kiogswood started. It was incredible that he could have been the iconfidental messenger. \- 'You must be mistaken,' exclaimed his lordship. * ' I am positive. I can give your lordship proofs,' was nhe reply. 'What of the interview here mentioned ? Know you aught of that?' inquired his lord ship, his throat swelling so that it promised to suffocate him. 'I do, my lord,' answered Pharisee. ' Did it ever tike place ?' interrogated Lord Kingswood, ' It did, my lord.' Where ?' In this house ' ' In this house ?' hissed Loid Kingswood beneath his teeth. ' In this house, my lord,' returned Pharisee, in a low, shrill, and emphatic tone. ' Within the picture-gallery they met at the second hour past midnight. There, alone-alone my lord--they remained together for more than an hour.' A groan hurst from Lord Kingswood's lips, of such intense agony, that it seemed as though his life had gone out si'h it. Pharisee drew hiniself up and champed his teeth togother. ' You have cursed me, struck me, scoffed at me, insulted me, kicked me, because 1 have been your slave,' he thought. 'You have done all this at your whim, because it pleased you to think a servant such as I could have no sensitive feelings, no comprebension of contempt. I have felt your bitterness and your words as thoughl they gashed me with knives, You feel mine now. STO DE CONTINU5', -ii: ?,:' 