i TUE ANGLICAN SYNOD OF j ROCKHAMPTON. Thc imnuul billing uf the Anglican Synod of Rockhampton was held yesterday afternoon at St. I'aul's Sunday Ruhool-rooui. Bishop Dawus presided. There «ero present :-The Kev. Messrs. fi. L. Lester, A. Richards, K. J. Abe, H. A. Bryuut, J. H. Furbrnlhcr, A. N. Gurrcll, A. li. Julius, U. M. Shult.lcwood, (i. L. Wallace, and J. Hunt, end Messrs. H. Foulkcs.J. R. Crone, G. J. Lever, H. Mills, G. Potts, W. Spier, J. C. Tyler, W. S. Warren, und H. Woodd. AITOIM MBNT OF SHCKUTAItir.S. Mr. Richards was appointed clerical ..cen tary, aud Mr. W. ¡Spier lay secretary. I.ETrKUS (IF Al-Ol.OUV. Thc PUESIIIKNT said he had received letters from Messrs. F. H. Ii. Turner und W. P. roley, stating they « ire unable lo he present. Mr. Foley wu» nn earnest und willing worker; bul hu found il impossible lu ut lend the meetings of .Synod or Diocesan Committee, and asked thal bis resignation might he accepted j TltK. rr.KSIDKNl'V AllM.KSS. ] The PRIHIDENT th.ii Hud the foîlnwinp My reverend brethren and brethren of the laity : Circumbtances having necessitated thc holding o: synod ul au earlier pail of thc year than is -usual, 1 am compelled to limit thc urea of review over which my uddreK-; will extend tu ihc ten months which have passed since our last session. For the same reason it ÍR to be regretted that the detailed reports and financial returns from the parishes and parochial districts arc not quite com- plete, although every effort has been made to secure their presentation to synod. Those that have been received ure now laid on the tabb: of this house, toget ber w il h thu minutes of thc Diocesan Council. The Diocesan Coiiticil'u report, thc diocesan accounts, and thu repo t of the Board of Missions will be presented in due course. Il is with great thankfulness that 1 am this year able to record au increase in our staff ol clergy, which ought to mean, at least, a proportionate advauce in the work of the diocese During the past ten months thc Rev. H. M. Sliuttlcwood has been appointed Rector af Gladstone ; the Rev. A. N. Garrett has been ordained deacou and licensed to thc parish of Rock- hampton ; tho Rev. H. Edwards has been appointed vicar of the parochial district of Winton ; and thc Kev. J. H. Farbroiher to that of Mouut Morgan ; the Kev. R. A. Bryant bas bceu licensed assistant curate lo tho rector of Springsure, and is to reside at Emerald. The Rev. C. S. Newham has left the diocese. Small and inadequate as our staff of clergy still is, it is some encourage- ment to know that the number of liconscd clergy in the diocese is now double what it was when our first synod met three years ago. It is a pleasure siso to report sume pro- gress iu the building of new churches. St. Andrew's, Longreach, was dedicated on thc 7th of July ; St, Luke's, Emerald, on the lilli of August ; and St. Matthew's, Jericho, on tho 6th of October. With the exception of a few pounds Btill owing upon thc church at Jericho, these houses of God have not only been built, but paid for ; and this most desirable result has been gained without thc sacrifice of anything that is requisite for the accommodation of worshippers, or for tho reverent conduct of divine service. Tue clergy and people alike are to he heartily congratulated upon the su'eessful issue of their energetic labours. I last year ex- pressed a hope that a church would before long be provided for North Rockhampton ; but there has been unavoidable delay, owing inpart to the necessity for first securing addi- tional land for thc site, and the purchase of which hus consideiably reduced the fund available for building purposes. There is no diminution of zeal or energy on thc part of those engaged in the scheme, and I sincerely trust they will soon meet with the success they certainly deserve. Hut although tem- porarily checked in one direction the Vicar of North Rockhampton has met with en- couragement in another. After some con- siderable difficulty, a mission room was secured and opened in September last ut Koongal, close to the largs and rapidly increasing settlement of people employed in i the Lake's Creek meat works. It is I hoped that as a result of this venture a permanent church may before long be built. Another mission room was also opened iu August laBt, for. what may bc called East Rockhampton, and is being worked from thc cathedral. Confirmations have siuce our last session been held at seven different centres, and the numbers are as follow : Hales. Females. Total. " Comet . ., Emerald . Gladstone This result is very meagre and unsatisfactory. Ont of twelve parishes and paroohial districts iu the diocese only three have offered candi- dates for confirmation. After every allowance ie made for the peculiar difficulties of our work, the above returns are surely not what wc might and ought to expect. Puring thc tcp months I have visited inc following town- ships and stations-.-Longreach, Banksia, Tilpal, Wandoona (Torilla), Stanage, Pine Mountain, Emerald, Orion Downs, Rolleston, Planet Downs, Purbrook, Warri- nilla, Consuelo, Meteor Downs, Blackall, Magenta, Retro, Langton, Fleurs, Clermont, Banchory, r-urbiton, Dingo, Comet, Spring- sure, Gladstone, kc. The distance travelled waB 4519 miles. At lenglh, after three years of tedious delay, the Bynod has obtaiued in- corporation upon a satisfactory and sound basia. In my last year's address I pointed out the nature ot the difficulties with which wc had to contend, and expressed a hope that an application proposed to be made for a special Act of Parliament enabling us to hold and inherit prosperty, and give statutory legal effect to consensual compacts funned uudcr thc Constitution and canons of eyuod, would.prove.successful. This is now happily un accomplished fact, A draft bill seas pre- pared in conjunction with thc southern diocese, and after careful consideration and amendment by tho Diocesan Council, was, on your behalf, approved. Having passed both HOUBCS of Parliament, it was assented lo on the 30th of October, 1695, and became law us the Church of England Act nf 1895. We have reason to thank all those who con- tributed lo thc passing of so satisfactory a measure, and to congratulate ourselves that now, for the first time since this diocese was founded, wc meet as a synod upon a solid and safe fooling, and that all nur acts in the pnst, us well as in the present have legal sanction and authority. Among the provisions of thc Act is the repeal of what is best known as Sir Richard Bourke's Act, an Act passed nearly sixty years ago to regulate the temporal affairs of the Church of England in New South Wales. So long as this practically obsolete Act was unrepealed (so far as Queensland is con- cerned), it furnished occoeion for disputation and mischief. Thoughtful men scrupled to ignore it wheu some of its provisions con Dieted with canons passed by synod ; while litigious people wore apt to uvail themselves sf it us a sort of polemical scarecrow to terrify [heir adversaries in debate. I have no wish 0 speak disrespectfully of the departed. Ko doubt thc act has served very useful purposes in New South Wales, under the special conditions which prevailed in lays gone by, when thc church wss argcly subsidised by the stale ; but it vas (juite inapplicable to Queensland, where vc receive no help whatever from that |tiartcr. It is well thut thc ghost of former egislution uhould no longer be permitted to listurb our deliberations in synod. A résolu ion will be submitted tn aynod relating to ny proposed visit to England, and which tho liocesan C uncil has already affirmed tobe ' highly desirable." Thc object of my visit 1 threefold-(1) To plead with th« cliurcli societies, fellow-churchmen, und| owners of Queensland property at homo, on j behalf of tho financial needs of the diocese ; | (2) to Bccurc a supply of additional clergy ; ( (3) to represent thc diocese at thc prop .sod . Lambeth Conference ot 1897, iu response to on invitation fi nui I he Archbishop of Cuiller-] bury. In regard lo two of these objects, I would readily forego a viVit to the «ld country if there were any reasonable hope of obtaiuiug tho necessary funds and clergy in Australia, but you know well that there is none. Few if auy dioceses in modern limes have been launched under such indigent conditions us our own. In tho first year o! our existence c thc great finunciul crutdi, which iiu jiisbul thc whole colony, and from thc ;ts of whH) we have not yet recovered, ides which, 1 have never hud the dd van- tage of personally bringing our necessities under thc noticed tho. e who live at home, and dei ive wealth from property in this diocese. Had it not been for tho timely assistance given by thc vîoeirly for thc Propagation of the (iospel, our work could hardly have been carried on. I certainly would notconse.nl lo uppcal tor help in England if lhere was eiisnn to believe thal my iluitig so would ncourago illiberality, or thc ñisregard of mural claims on the part of those resident in the diocese. My advnecy on behalf of Ibis linéese u' home c;in only be justified by ilrong and persistent endeavour to help yourselves while 1 um away In con hision, let me say thal I am by no ueans lucking either in appreciation or grati- cule in ii-garil to thc generous help 1 have received front all quarters, and more especially from my Uiuii fellow-labourers-both clerictl nd luy-ofiic rs of synod, und commissaries at home. Your pa--l kindness emboldens me to lay your good will nuder yet heavier tribute, more especially in two directions-First, that during my absence you will strengtheu thc bauds of my commi-bury, Archdeacon Lester, the responsibilities nf his office; and fondly, thal >ou will follow my journeyings id my work willi earnest und persistent prayer. Thc President was thanked fur his address, and requested to permit it to be printed in thc records of Synod. THU UIOCKSAN CUMlUTrKE's REPORT. The report of tho Diocesan Council was adopted, us follows:-"The Diocesan Council present to (he Synod Ihc following report of (heir proceedings for the year 1805-6: They have met for business on thirteen occasions. The diocese of Brishutie not hut ing takeu any steps towards forwarding the proposed scheme for a memorial to tim luto Bishop Hale, the Council have been unable to move further in i he matter. The Couucil congratulate the Synod upon thc passing into law of thc bill presented to Parliament by the dioceses of Brisbane uud Rockhamoton, us amended and approver! hy thc Council, for tho purpose of effecting thc incorporation of vynod, of giving statutory legal effect lo consensual compacts formed under Hie constitution and canons, and of repealing thc provisions of what is known us Sir Richard Bourke's Au so far as they apply to thc Church of England in Queensland. They desire to record their appreciation of the as- sistance rendered to the diocese in pro- moting thc act hy thc Bishop, Diocesan Coun- cil, and especially the Chancellor (Mr. G. L. Hart) of the Bouthorn diocese. The original constitution of the diocese having been 6led at the office of the Supreme Court and such other proceedings takeu as were necessary under the act, the Synod of thc diocese became duly incorporated on the 20lh of December, 1895. The parish of Mitchell buB been defined as follows-' All that portion of tho diocese lying west of thc Mam Range, bounded on the north, west, and south by thc bouudarics of the diocese, and on the east by the Main Range.' The following districts, as defined by the rectors of the parishes of Mitchell aud Springsure respectively to the satisfaction of thc Bishop-in-Council, have been constituted parochial districts-Blackall, Aramaa, Barcaldine, Longreach, Winton, and Emerald. Thc Council are ia treaty for the purchase of a church site at Winton at present in the possession of thc diocese of North Queensland. They hope soon to secure the site at a fair and reason- able cost. Necessity having arisen for compiling aud printing thc coustitution and cauons for thc purposo of registration, the Council have published the same in pamphlet form, with a convenient index, for use iu the diocese. Following upon thc in- corporation uf Synod, the Urisbuuc trustees of the see endowment fund have handed over to the Corporation of the Synod all moneys in connection with the trust, and ihe registration of the transfer of tho deeds and securities is now being proceeded with. Thc serious condition of thc bishopric sustentation fund has been a source of grave anxiety to the Council, and they feel that no other course is opcu to enable the diocese to meet the engagement entered into with the Bishop upon Iiis election than to make a strong appeal for funds to complete the endowment capital. They are pleased to learn that the Council of the Colonial Bishoprics Fund have signified their willingness to extend to 1898 thc time for the fulfilment of the conditions attaching to their further grant of £500 lo the sec endowment fund. Granta as follows have been made during the past year ItOMR IIIS8IO.V- FUKD. Towards etlpcnd fund of assistant curate of St. Paul's Church, Rockhampton .. £20 0 0 Towards purchase ot land at Blackall .. 5 0 0 Towards initiation of work at Lake's Creek . (00 Tou-arde church building fund, Jericho .. 0 10 Towards travelling expenses of clergyman to Blackall . .. 4 IS 9 Towards travelling expenses of clergyman to Winton . 6 0 0 60C1KT? poa Tim PROrAOATiox op ma OOSPEL POND. Towards stipend f uod of north coast mission al the rale of per onnurn.£50 0 0 Towards stipend fund of Assistant Curate at the rate of per annum . CO 0 0 Towards slljiend fund or W.D.M.. Long reach, ot the rate of per annum.. 50 0 0 Towards Btipcnd fund of w.D.M., Winton, at thc rate of per annum . BO 0 0 Towards stipend fund of Lciohhardl Mission al the rate of per annum. 50 0 0 Towards stipend fund of Westwood, at tho rate of per annum. 60 0 0 Touards stipend fund or Blackall, at the rate of per annum. 6000 lowar is stipend fund nt Gladstone, at thc rate of per annum.BO 0 0 Towards siipi-nd fund of Mount Morgan .. 25 0 0 Towards purchase of site at Wettw. od .. ll 2 4 The Council thankfully acknowledge thc following gift of land from thc Rev. John Munt for a church site ut Alpha-namely, allotments 1, Z, 3 of section 10, 3 io da. Upon thc deporture from the colony of the late Governor (Sir H. W. Norman) the Coun il presented him with a farewell uddi'i which received a grucious acknowledgment from His Excel louey. In accordance with ihe recommendation of the Book Depot Com- mittee, the Council have procured, by moans of a loan without interest from thc Church Society, a small stack of church uud Sunday Babool literature for sale at thc Diocesan Registry. Thc Bishop having reported the receipt of a preliminary invitation from thc Archbishop of Canterbury to attend the Lambeth conference of bishops of thc Anglican Communion in 1897, thc Council advised thal il was highly desirable that his lordship should proceed lo England us soon as practicable in order that he might be able, before thc conference assembled, to make a personal appeal on bebulf of the diocese for additional clergy and funds." DIOCESAN SYNOD ACCOUNTS. Thc Dioccsun Synod accounts, of which the following formed a part, were adopted : RECEIPTS ANI1 EXPENDITURE. To sec endowment fund expense account .. £74 3 Bishopric sustentation fund.70ttn Management fund .120 0 North coast mission . _ Western districts mission .. .. 192 10 Diocesan Board of Missions. 85 IS Church Socirly. 17 17 (leiiL-rnl fund. DO 8 Clwrcli iVarrffV account . 94 8 Society for the Propagation of thc Gospel aouounl . 865 6 Book depol account . . ID 0 Winton church building fund .. .. 10 5 natalies.' .. 160 12 £2100 ll 1 Eir-KKDirtlRÏ. By balance. _ .. £204 J Bishopric sustentation f uti*.M I i Management tund . Ü? í? Í! Home »llBBion fund. Ol 1* 3 Klhioudspald through D!oc*sautoei!tr} North coaat mlaaion . 16 O 1 Wcatern dlítriolí uilBBion .. .. 178 li lu Diocesan Hoard ol Missions. 35 4 « Uhuroh Society. JJ" " General fund. 80 S 4 C/iurc/i uaictu account . SS IB 10 Society for Ole Propagation ol thc Gospel account - . S6ü b 8 nook depot account. 1° 0 « £2100 ll 1 BISHOPRIC SUSTENTATION FUND. RRCKirre. To trustees of flee endowment fuud .. ,. £676 0 n Subscriptions.JJ J J Churchwardens of Si Paul's .. .. 125 u 0 Amount transferred from Rentrai fund .. 46 S I Balance.«M -6 " £1170 6 0 EXrF.N'OITCRK. By Iwlancc.«310 17 1 Bishop of Rockhampton .<,ri0 0 0 e house lulen £1170 5 MANAGEMENT FUND. RECEIPTS. I To balance. Ö« 1 Conh lbuiioiiB by elerey as per canon .. 35 lt Synod a-scsuncnt .. 05 16 Subscriptions .. .. ?. .. « 3 Offertories . 1* 4 Iteiclslry feDB. 2 - Discount " .. .. . a £100 10 IU I Hy stationery . £0 10 0 Legal expenses. Ill 1 (I OMc* funiilurc and fittings. 16 9 0 |-o*ta¡ro and petty cash . 7 li 0 1 Printing .. . 24 10 ol Clerical assistance .. .. .. Hü 16 0 Exchange and cheque hooka . 0 111 3 Corporaüon Beal . 1- tl 0 lion for Corporation seal . 1 fi 0 EiigrofiBiug . ,6 ö, 0 Balance. 35 ls 1 £100 IC IO HOSIE MISSION FUND. RECK! PIS. I To balance. £13 14 6 Offertories . 17 O 0 Subscriptions. Ss 1 U S. P.C.K. 45 0 0 £114 2 2 EXPESDITURK. I Uy -.-rants toward» travelling expenses of ' clergy .. .. £11 ll 1 Granta towards stlpcudB of clergy ? 20 0 0 Grants to Emerald, Jericho, ana Blackall 16 1 0 S.I'.C.K. cmut to Emerald. 20 0 0 K.P.C.K. itraiit to Longreach .. 26 0 0 Divisional Board rates Jericho .. 0 10 0 Divisional Board rates Muttaburra Iii í Balance " .10 7 ll £114 2 2 DIOCESAN BOARD OF MISSIONS. Rsciii-rs. I To balance.£2 11 Offertories, tc. 30 8 B Subscriptions. 6 10 0 CHURCH SOCIBir. RECEIPTS. I To balance.£22 IS Suhsonptiona. .. 10 4 Bale of booka. ll» £40 16 10 UI'SVDITSU j By granta of booka to St. Paul's mistión and £40 15 10 GENERAL FUND. BECKirra. I To subscriptions. .. £74 0 0 Confirmation offertories . 0 7 7 Ordination offertories. 4 3 B English offertoriN. S 17 0 £00 8 4 KXTENTjirCRB. By Rev. F. J. Abe .£10 0 Transferred to north coaat mission 60 0 0 Transferred to bishopricsustentation fund 45 8 4 £06 8 4 ??OnURCIl GAZETTE." RECEIPTS. To balance. £20 1* 0 AdverUsementa,salcs,a£d8UDScripUoD8.. SS 8 1 Church Society. 6 6 0 £115 2 1 EXPENDITURE. By printing and advertising.£04 7 0 ' Church Mont*!} ".1« 6 3 Ilalance.Ü ! ( £116 2 I STIPENDS PAID THROUGH DIOCESAN REGISTRY. XorUt euoft mistión. RKCEim. To balance .£ ll 0 Remittances from North Rockliampton .. 0 IS ll .- 1 10 2 0 0 KxrErorrcEE. By clergy. £11 17 V Inaurance on Emu Park Church .. .. 8 2 0 Balance. 45 0 0 £00 O 1 Western district mission. OECEim, I To remittances.£192 19 0 EXPENDITURE. I By cleigy.£179 12 10 Balance.13 G 2 £102 19 0 I CAPITAL ACCOUNT OF SEE ENDOWMENT FUND. RECEIPTS, To capital collected.£10,709 8 5 By invested on mortgages.£0000 4 0 Coat ot see house .. . 31(1 8 11 Balance at Bank of Australasia .. 1918 14 0 £10,709 8 6 DIOCESAN BOARD OF MISSIONS REPORT. Thc following report of the Diocesan Hoard of Missions was adopted:-"The Diocesan Board of Missions present to the Synod thc following report : Although the total amount raised in the diocese during thc year 1895-90 in aid of thc work of foreign missions neces- sarily comes short of that contributed ia the previous year when the self-denial effort of 1895 was made, yet the Board are pleased to report that more parishes than heretofore have participated iu the great work by sending special offertories - only three parishes or parochial districts failing to bear their part in this way. The Biblo classes in connection with the cathedral have undertaken to supply the means for maintaining a pupil at Norfolk Island and thc Girls' Friendly Society have beeu able to send one or two parcels of cloth- ing and other useful articles to Bellenden Ker. The useful and encouraging work amongst the South Sea Islanders dwelling al North Rock- hampton bas been well maintained by the Rev. A. H. Julius and his fellow helpers. In August last thc diocese roceived a welcome t, from the- Primate aud the Bishop of Newcastle while on their way northwards to forward the movement for establishing a new missionary bishopric." ELECTIONS. Messrs. Lester, Spier, and Tyler were uppointed thc elections and qualifications committee. Tho standing committee of the whole Synod waa appointed to act as the diocesan committee. Messrs. Julius, Richards, and Lever were appointed diocesan nominators. Messrs. Turner and Mills were elected auditors. The chairman of committees, thc secre- tary of the dioccsuu committee, und Messrs. Foulkcs and Turner were uppoiuled the financial board. Messrs. Ricbardi, Spier, and Mills were elected the diocesan hoard of missions. Messrs. Lester, Hunt, Julius, Richards, Shuttlewood, Fsrbrother, Turner, Tyler, Spier, and Warren, the chairman of com- mittees, and thB treasurer were appointed assessors under thc Tribunal Canon. Messrs. Lester, Richards, Julius, thc chairman of committees, and the trcuBurcr were appuinted commissioners under the Benefices Avoidance Canon. Mr. Julius, the treasurer, and the secretary of the diocesan committee weic appointed thc committee of management of thc book depot. CANONS. The Diocesan Council Canon was amended hy thc uddition of the following proviso to Bection 6:-"Provided always that when, in thc opinion of the Blshop-in-Couucil, it ie impracticable to obtain a quorum, Council meetings may be hold leas frequently, than unco in every mouth."-lite Pm HI-j DENT, on tho motion for thc second reading, said thal «hilo hu was iu i Euglund Mr. Lester would bc administrator and Iiis (thc President's) commissary, and il! would bc very costly for him to come to Rockhampton every mouth when it was quite unnecessary for the utnouul of work to bu done. Thc object of thc amendment, there- fore, was to do .iivuy with the necessity ol thc Council ineeliug every mouth. Thu following cauoil was passed :-" lie it dcclured and established by thc bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese, Rock- hampton, in Synod assembled, as fulluws : (1.) Pending Ibu constitution of a Cathedral chaplet' thu bishop is hereby empowered to appoint, from time to lime, us may seem lo hun good uud desirable, one or muru * bonorury canons 1 of lite cathedral, provided thu those so appointed du not ul uuy time excecil four in number. (2 ) This canon may bc cited as * The Honorary Canons Canon.'" -Thu PRESIDENT, on thc motion for the second ruadiug, uxpluiuud thal what was pro- posed was wbut cxislcd in every diocese in lite old country aud Ibu colonies, lt wus not necessary he should explain «hut eunou mcaul; bul he might say that in thu old country it wus u graceful recognition of lite good work doue by u parish clergyman wlio, in addition lo bis parochial duties, had been helpful in the general well- beiug ot i hu dino se The duties ot lite uflice, which was purely honorary, were taking a lum in prcuching ut ihe cathedral. Ile might us as well say what was bcliiud in bringing-this matter forward at présent, ll was just this: While he was away au uduiinislruiur wuutd bu appointed who would act ui> hi* cominiasury. They did not know what day SMinet liing might occur lo re- move that commissary, uud then, uccordiug to thc Cdiuii, the clergyman next in ecclesiastical rank would take his phtc . It was very diffi- cult to say who ol ull thc clergy in the diocese wus next in rank to Mr. Lester, who would bc his (thc Pros, dent's) com- missary ; but tiierc would bc no difficulty on thai point it honorary canonrics wciu conferred. That was the ptactical poiuu t'he other point wus that they hud in thu diocese one clergy nun who bad for the last three years done very excellent, solid, und hurd work ou behalf of the dioccsu iu udditiuu tu ull his heavy work as pirish priest, aud it would only be a grateful recognition of his duties if they asked him to accept thc houorary dignity ol cauuu. (Ap- plause.) He need hardly say that be re- ferred to Mr. Richards. (Applause.) The Bishop Election Cuuon of thc diocese of Brisbane was passed with umeudmculs. Tile canon makes provision for thc election of bishops and euuets that if any bishop who hus been a bishop of thc diocesu for more than ten years is compelled tn resign on account of old age or mental or bodily infirmities, or is at any time declared ol unsound mind and incapable of managing his affairs, he shall, with tho consent of Synod, receive an annual pension or annuity equal to one-fifth of Iiis stipend at the time. HESSAUK TO SVNOD. The PRESIDENT said he had received the following telegram from the Kev. H. Edwurd«, Winton :-*' Being the only abseut one I wish Synod God-speed." THE PROPOSED vibir OF TUE BISHOP TO ENGLAND, Mr. WOODD proposed Tliat In the opinion of this Synod it ls desirable that the Bishop pay a visit to England for the following purposes-(1) To plead with the church societier, owners of Queensland property living at boine, and church people generally on behalf of the urgent finan- cial needs of the diocese, more especially in regard to thc completion of tbc see endowment ; (2) to secure a supply of additional clergy ; (3) to represent the diocese at the forthcoming Lambeth conference of blihops of tbc Anglican Communion in response to an iuvllatlon received from the Archbishop ot Canter- bury. He said thal at first bc had been disinclined to ask the Bishop to make thc appeal ; but when he considered tbe mutter und saw that it was for the benefit of tho diocese the appeal was to be made, he thought it was a thing Synod might request of him. Thc sustenta- tion fund had gradually gone behind and was now iu debt to tbe extent of over £400. Besides that, sums bad been raised out- side the fund to the amount of £213 per aunum towards the Bishop's-stipend, the average yearly return from the fund up till thc present having been only £492. By raising the endowment fund to £15,000 the stipend would bc assured, thc debt of the diocese would be able to be re- duced, und over £200 u-year would be left to be expended in other work. Il wes originally intended I hat the endow- ment fund should be £15,000, but only £10,700 had been collected. That left £4300 to be raised. Towards that, however, the Colonial Bishoprics Fund bad agreed to give £600 subject to certain condiiions, leaving £3800 to be collected. Possibly thc English societies which contributed to thc raising of the £1U,700 might he induced to contribute again equally with the Colonial Bishoprics (Fond, and if that were the case, then there would bc only £2800 to bo ob- tained, un>l, with the sympathy that would be shown towards thc diocese in thc old country, he thought there should not bc any great difficulty in securing that amount. He would not favour any proposal to ask thc people of England to contribute towards current expenditure nor to wipiug-off over- drafts; but tho diocese was a young one, and there wus no prospect of raising the money necessary to briug the endowment to £15,000 in tho colony. The main object of the appeal should be to bring the fund to a sum sufficient to pay the Bishop's stipend of £750, for unless that could be done tho work of the diocese would be retarded. - Mr. LEVER seconded the motion, which was carried without dissent. ADDRESS OF WELCOME TO THE GOVERNOR. On the motion of. Messrs. LEVER and WARREN, it was decided to present an address of welcome to the Governor, aud Messrs. Richards, Lever, and Warren were appointed to draft it. THE O KN ERAL SYNOD. Mr. RICHARDS proposed That tho appointment of clerical and lay representa- tives of the diocese as members of the General Synod be left in thc hands of the Ulsliop-In-Councll. He explained that the General ¡Synod met in Sydney and the diocese had the privilege of sending two clerical and two lay repre- sentatives; and as il would not he convenient now lo make tho appointments, it would bc advisable, he thought, to leave thc matter in thc hands of tile 1'ishop-in-Council.-Mr. Hr.ST seconded the motion. The PRESIDENT explained that the General Synod met once in five years and would meei next in November of the present year. He hoped Mr. Lester would be able to attend itasoneof the clerical representatives.-The motion was carried. THE BISHOPRIC ENDOWMENT FUND. Mr. LESTER proposed That thc draft appeal tor financial support submitted liv thc President fie, and hereby ls, approved and that lt bc signed by the president, treasurer, chairman of committees, and secretary of Synod. -Mr. WALLACE seconded the motion.-The PRESIDENT eaid the idea of appealing to thc people of England was not his. Indeed, when it was mooted he did not liku it and be did not like it now ; but thc matter was pressed upon hi ii so strongly by the laymen that he wrote to thc. Primate and asked his counsel. The Primate distinctly advised him to muke thc appeal, and said he thuught that only thc people who criticised and condemned everything would find fault ; I but he (thc Primate) also recommended thut the appeal should be approved of hy Synod and signed by thu officers of Synod, and he (tho Primate) would add to il u letter of coin- 1 incndutiou. Thc advice was very wisc und he I proposed to follow it. He liad already drawn I np the appeal aud submitted it to thc I Diocesan Council ; but ho had since then-ut i the suggestion of members of tho Council- I inado two alterations iu it. Tho President then read the draft, and expressed the hope ? ihat members of Synod would criticise it rcely and point out anything in it which teemed to be an exaggeration.-Mr. LESTER 1 laid there was only one statement ho did not t [grce with. That was that the majority of « hs oo'.onists bad lost the taste fer religion, i He (Mr. Lvtlcr) should liavo said ilicy had loni Ihü taste for servi ce or outward observance of religion. Perhaps hu was hypercritical ; but ba did not think hu could charnu I he mu jori ty of colonials willi having lost the taste lot religion.-The PRESIDKNTSUÍU Mr, Lester was ono who was exactly iu touch willi the men he (thc President) had in mind , and it might meet thc case if he said instead nf "lust ull appetite for religion " that they: bad "to some extent IOBI the appetite for! religion."-Mr. LESTER said he would nul ; press the point.-Thc motion wai carried. : TUE I'KATTIE KUKU. . ! Mr. SHCTTLEWOOD asked if the President j would state the position of the diocese with regard to thc Peattie fund. Mrs. Poattic left u sum of money for the diocese of Brisbane, which, al thc time, included the diocese of Itockhamp'on. (The PRESIDENT : "For the reinóle parts of thc diocese.") He did not think anyone doubted the in- tentions uf ibe testatrix, and there was a strong feeling among the clergy here that they had buffered un injustice through no portion nf the Lcquc-s: being granted to this ilinccse. They knew they had u, moral right to part of it; but they wished to know wli.i.t legal right they bad, aud lo ask the President lo get the highest legal opinion in the old couutry ou the puiut. - The I'utsinKNT said nothing was being doue and he did not know whut could be done! The best legal upinion procurable in Queensland-thut pf tlie. Attorney-General-hud been obtained, aud that upinion was decidedly against this diocese. Mill, lhere was Ibis to bc remem- bered-tho ease was put before the Attornuy General fruin a lirisbanc point of view, and ho (die President) was not al all sulisiied. Thc opinion told them uothiug that they did not know perfectly well-namely, that KU far as the record» luy, und cuiiäidcriup; i the terms of thc will, ibuy hud not a legal lïg to stand on. The mutter waa'simply one of equity, and lhere wus no court of equity in Queensland lo which Hie case could be taken. Almost thc last communication he had bad from Mr. Graham Hart, the Chancellor of thc diocese of Brisbane, who bud in many ways shown his friendship aud regard for this diuccee, said "Tho only thing I can say is that I believe thal if you were at home, and consulted some recognised legal authority, and his opinion was in your favour, . it would very largely influence the podtion when thu matter is brought before the Supreme Court in Brisbane." Tho Bishop of Brisbane was rf hen iu Kugland, and he (the President) wrote ,o him fully on the matter, and asked him to take the opinion of Lord Selborne, whose opinion would have carried very much weight. But fortunately, for one reason or untidier, he (the President) got no reply to his letter, and he was afraid uothiug was done. He (thc President) could not do anything more. The diocese had no money to throw away in taking legal opinion, and be thought it would be better to let the matter siand o vet-until he went home. What had been done by the clergy had been done spontaneously, una without any prompt- ing from him, and he should, while in Knglaud, ascertain if anything could be done. Mr. LESTER proposed That this Synod empowers the President, when In England, to obtain counsel's opinion as to what legal Btcns, if any, can be taken to enable the trustées of the Peattie fund to apply to the diocese of Rockhampton some portion thereof in accordance with the known Intention of the testatrix. Those who had thought over the question were satisfied that the trust was being ad- ministered not at all In accordance with the intentions of Mrs. Peattie ; but some hesitation was felt in urging the Presi- dent to take any steps which might result (n an open inquiry as to the adminis- tration of the fund because it was felt that the Btipend fund which was paid to him first as archdeacon and thcu as coadjutor bishop-was decidedly against the intentions of that body.-Mr. SHUTTLEWOOD seconded the motion.-Mr. LEVER said he did not want to throw cold water ou the proposal ; but it seemed to him that Synod was asking the President to do a thing which was pro- bably quite unnecessary. The mooey was left to the diocese of Brisbane and when that diocese was split np the money went with it and was being expended, he supposed, in thc remoto part of that diocese. (Mr. LESTER : " Ko.") Thc Synod was arguing on a wrong bseis altogether. When the Rockhatnpeon diocese formed part of the Brisbane diocese a lot of money was expended in it ; but when the Rockhampton diocese was cut off from Brisbane the whole of it was spent-and the trustees were quite justified in doing it-in the remote parts of that diocese. So any efforts this diocese might put forth would be futile. It had nothing to stand on.-Mr. TYLER spoke in favour of the motion. From what he had heard in Briebano and Rock- hampton it seemed to him that thc intention of the testatrix was not simply to assist the diocese of Brisbane, but the district which was theu called tbe diocese of Brisbsue. That bciug the case, the diocese of Rock- hampton had every moral claim ; but from a legal point of view its claim was very small. Still, every step which could be taken to further that claim should be taken.-Mr. LEVER said he questioned whether there was anything to be got out of the fund now.-Mr. JULIOS said he had worked longer in the diocese than anyune, and he held it had got very little out of the fund. Speaking from memory, it had not received more than £100 per annum, while thc total income was £1000 per annum. He had felt keenly on the matter for years, holding that this diocese had a moral right to a fair share of the money. - Mr. RICHARDS spoke in favour of the'motion. It would have been presumptuous for the diocese to have moved further after the opinion given by the Attorney-General ; but when a gentleman in authority-like Mr. Hart-advised them what to do, it was their duty to do it.-The PRESIDENT said everyone who had thought seriously over thc matter regarded thc claim of thc diocese as a just ona ¡out so far as the construction of the will was concerned, it could not force the hands of the trustees in tho least. Tho diocese bad a good many friends in Brisbane who would do all they could if there was any- thing they could do, and it was for the diocese to find out what could be done and bon- it could be done-in other words, to find out how its moral claim could be reduced to cash. He (thc President) was not at all hopeful ; but he felt bound, after the spontaneous expression of opinion on thc part of thc clergy and thc opinion of the laity, to do his best. If the case had occurred in England it would have beeu simple. Just tho same thing occurred in the diocese of Exeter after the diocese of Truro wus formed out of it, and an anatagous caBC in New South Wales was UIBO settled very easily ia the same way-namely, by ftoing to a court of equity.-Mr. LESTER laving replied to thc remarks of Mr. Lever, the motion was put and carried. . VOTES OP THANKS. Votes of thanks were accorded to thc ladicB who provided tea for thc members of the Synod and to thc press for reporting the proceedings. GENERAL UUSINESS. The PRESIDENT said he had very great pleasure in thc name of thc Synod in of- fering thc first canoury to Mr. Richards (applause)-and he trusted Mr. Richards would accept it. Il would he a great happi- ness to him to curry away the memory of this Synod. It had been gratifying in many ways. A great deal of business had been got through iu a sharl time. Kindly considera- tion had been given to every mutter brought before it and businesslike attention hud been bestowed on everything. There were only two laymon and two clergymen absent, and 1 the absenco of each ono was duo to unavoid- I able causoB-a fact which showed the interest I taken in the proceedings of Synod. . This wan all tho business. i _! 