POLITICAL RATS. Tiie lot of ft political _riit is not a liop'py one. Ho is iu conatAiit hot wutcr, and tho Nemesis h always bovorlug !nenr. Tho political ratter is often brought fiico to faco with Yils previous political utterance?, and tho public lovu to sco him hit. hard. Somehow you cau- "nofc got pcoplo to, have much rospoot for tho pollticiun who ohnnges -his coat to suit tho political breeze. Tho best hated man in tho political rat --.ho boconioa au Hhniaolitc,: and soon ceases to lia/o any solid hold on publio opiuiou. . Mr. Henry Luuy in hU London letter in tho S. .IT. Iterate!, undor dato, April 24th, thus writes on .Mr. Joseph Clmmbor- lain's political experiences:— " It : ia Mr. Cliamberlain's curious but inevitable fato that In wJmtov'or.diroctlon tho Tory Gahiuot may move, taking him in their company, lie iu faced by Uio ghosts of caily upecphou -do- monutrating tho iuiqulty -of tho new depar ture. Tho Introduction in the Houso of Commons of a now bill dealing- with educa tion, agricultural rating, cr any other aubjcot, is tho flignal for fresh reference to tlio well- "thumbod and now ftcaroo "volumo containing tho 'authorised edition- of his speeches, published iu 1886. That opoch was tho high- wat6r mark of his Radicalism. Ha had just dolivorod tho reiuarkablo scries of speeoho-t throughout tho oountry embodying what was kuowiT as tho unauthorised programme. ' His plHlform addresses were models of successful speech, burning with pssilon, .alamo with scorn aud' hatred of Toryism, .whether in St&to; or Church. But tho phrases -were keenly, coldly out, irablurrod by hosto or augor. Scathing iu their denunciation, opi- gruinmatio in thoiriorm, thoy b eamc'part of politiasl couversution, and to tliis day lingor in tho memory. In tho House Oominons, on tbo p'Atform, and iu tho Press, good Lib erals attempt to coufuio on various points tho Secretary for the Cnlouioa iu Lord Salis bury's third Administration. But no ono enn hit tbo Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain of 1890 with such dirootness, foreo, and effeot as cau the ' Joe Chamberlain ' of 1885. Tho Government bill brought in this week, whereby it is proposed to relievo tho agricul tural ratepayer of ouo half his burdou, to be mado up out of Imporinl taxation, to whinh tho borough retopayor largely contributes, ia fulfilmcot.of a desire long ohorised by tho Conservative. In I8S3 Lord Salisbury be trayed a hankering after this little Arrange ment, and was straightway swooped down upon by Mr. Chamberlain. 'I nevor re collect,' ho told his constituents at Birming ham, 'any publio mau preposo In a franker —I might cvoa say in a more audacious- manner to rob Petor in order to pay Paul.' To Mr. Chamberlain iu' thoso days tho. oas'e was mulo worse .by tho fact' that Peter is represented by tholaudlois millions who havo no othor wealth than their labour otnl tholr toll, while Paul is tho 'great landlord who is Becking to relievo himself of his share of taxation by Khiftlng it ou to tho 'shouldcrR of his lixvi famous fullpw-ooniitrymeu.' Tho rolativo positions, of Peter nud - Paul to-day urb preoUely wlnit Uioy wore m 153ft. >\Vh«t hus'rohanged. boyood the-;boapo of maddcat nightmare phsutssy ls the ptwition of Jotjeph, who to«dy;IlttJs himself liestod at the right feBfld Sstolmry jtt 0ifcltt8fc'0«tii9Up- nsslstiug to enaot ono by ono tho vory inert- Burcs which wlion talked of rt dozen yors ago flltol him with righteous Judighntiou. What ir nmnziog is tho counigo with Lwlilch Mr. Chahiborlaiu face this unpnrallelcd posi tion. XI6 nover flinches when ho bears' tlis crack of tlio whip of 'iho in«vitablo quotation. Itrosouodcd nightly through dobnlc 'on tho Hoiqp Rulo Bill -of 1892. It will bo hoard again find again iu committed on tho Educa tion Bill and tho Agricultural RaiiugBlll. Mr. Chamberlain will sit' unperturbed, ooa- sionally amiling as if-tho lash V were "falling on somebody. clso's shouldcto,. aud lio from a 'oomfqrtablo seat jin tho arona - were ablo to cnjdy tho foroo and directness of- tho blows." 