DULCIE EVERTOS!. BY MRS. LYNN LINTON, Airnioii of " Tub True 'History of JosnuA Davidson," ."My Love, "" Under Which ! Lord," "One Too Many," &o.; ' . Chapter II. Tlioy wore sitting by, tlio sea shore, among tho fragrant herbs and under tho leo of tho moss grown boulders. Before them Bpnrklcd tho waters of tho " wino colored sea ;" bohind them roBo the purplo mountains fonoing them off from the outer world. Boyond those mountains lay his obligations as an English land ownor, liko ghosts in tho twilight beckoning him to leave the oncliantcd gardon wliorein ho had lost him self, and go back to active life and civic duty — go back now at once, as an honest man should, j before further ovil was done. And boyond thoso mountains, too, wero his I warning spectres of docoivod lovo and betrayed I trust. I Sweltering in tho heat of tho stiflingcity, that ! sho might keep hor lovolincss fresh in tho cool I' sea breezes, hor . husband ' dreamed of hor beauty and wrought for hor pleasure. But for all thoso beckoning ghosts of neglected duties — | for all thoso dividing spectres of sin and shnmo | — the man sitting horo on tho sea shore by tho sido of thiB fair woman, lovod her boyonil truth or honor— nnd tho. woman said oho loved him. Ho was urging hor now, once again as boforo, to abandon all for him and lovo— namo, plaoo, honor, virtue—to givo up tho husband who loved hor, and against whom alio had no causoof complaint save that whioli somo women find in tho very marriage tie itself— to givo up hor Bocial position, hor right to rank among ' the rcBpoct- ablo'women of tho world, andgowithhimto Eng land, whoro ho promised that bIio should havo an ideal lifo for hor own part wliilo making tho glory and delight of his.' - . Ho urged his suit witli passion, with insistence. Sho listened with a soft and sweot attention, as if seriously considoring tho feasibility of the plan. For somo time sho kept Bilence, and his hope roso high. Ho know that hesitation was tlio lovor'B friend ; and slio Boomed to hesitate— leaning more to tho sido of acquioscenco than to tliat of - refusal. - At last sho spoko— slowly, Bwootly, sadly,' as ono making her decision through much pain. 1 ' / "Ilovoyou," sho said ; " you know that I do. But tho moro I lovo you, . dear, tho loss could I do a thing that would put you in a falso position with your frionds and bring on you their displeasure." Her . aocoht and mannor convoyed tho Im pression of noblo self offacomont, finely ron- dored. ." What is tho wholo world to mo compared with;ono hour of your lovo ?" ho cribd, " You in a desert before thrones without you 1" ' Blio yielded horsolf yot more pliahtly to tho orin that clasped hor waist." Her largo softoyos wore full of thotendorost rosp'onso. Round her oxquiBito mouth liovorcd that faint smilo whereof tho mingled sorrow, lovoand resignation arosodivino. Hor long white fingers closed on his with a gontlo pressure that somehow con voyed tho sonso of consuming passion, yet of lofty ranunointion. Lovo was in all her attitudo, hor faco, hor form. Lovo was tho atmosphere wherein she lived, tho spirit that she breathed. With such depth of passionate lovo how could sho resist both him nnd her- self I '"You should bo so happy 1" ho whisporod. "You should novor know a care or cress. My wholo lifo should bo devoted to you. You should neverregrot your trust in mo." "Yob, I bolievo that,". she answered tenderly. 'Copyrighted, 1896, by Mrs. Lynn Linton. " I do not hesitate for myself. I kntiiTlif. littlo thing wo call sociotv— miBrablQ dolts nnd hypooritos-for tfio glory of jwKvol With you by my side what could touch mo?" Yob, j ou aro Bfcrong enouch and « \ » enough, my Martin ; I know that. Bt conH ? bear to see it ?-to know that for my mk0 if frionds had forsaken you, that vou liml l i your position in tho county/that you wel outcast, rather than tho lender you are now ' T? WH VJ' EfPoua,ibilit> for a woman to taki . If sho loves, nB I lovo you, it is an impossiblo responsibility." ' 19 Sho sighed, and an unwritten world of tender i103s mado that sigh a caress.' She did not eav df t'l,„nrr' within S that the consequences sho doprecatcd for him would bo insupportable for herself She of all women was feast ablo to follow to iu practical outcome that misleading old sayin! about tho world woll lost for lovo. She liked the rn? ? lntnEU0 bettor than slio loved love Tho. pleasures of society entranced her- ib vanities were tlio objects of her sorious ambition She rejoiced m tho number of mon whom sho could inflamo to passion and reduco to despair nnd strung their names on hor scorot chaplct al so many beads on a poisoned string. When sho ontored tho crowded drawingrooms of Paris it was delight unspeakablo to soo how her beautv mado strong men grow pale, and to hear that strango catching of tho breath which is as cloq lion t aB applause, when sho swept by T0 know that no woman in tho wholo of that mad city could stand as hor rival and como outvie, torious— that tho most loyal man could not hold fast by his honor if sho beckoned him to yield— that through all tho dangers of hor hidden lifo slio possessed a kind of Bolt protecting charm which not the wildest nature among them all dared to revengo or betray— what greater triumph could tlio moBt quoonly splendour vivo hor ? Anil to givo up this lifo of liors, bucIi ns it was, for tlio sake of ono only, was a sacrifice sho would not havo made, lot that one havo been tho king on his thronp. Certainly slio would not for Martin Ilnrrowby of Hayes ' Hill, the young English squiro whomshd had' taken for her pastime, hold for so long ns It buitad her con venience, and now was bound to get rid of. Tho ' moment was dangerous. Mnrtin had bcoomo importunate and unreasonable, not recognising the logio of circumstances, nnd de manding tlio impossiblo ; and Elaine's husband, Jacques Couroolles, was coming now, on tho instant, to Mentone. , This wob tho last timo these two could meet together in security. Thoy must separata ; or Martin must consent to be discreet and wise ; or, .that third way, but tho impossiblo !— she must do as ho prayed, and go offto Englnnd with him, prepared to bravo all tho sordid con- qucnccs of hor romantio sacrifice. This was wlint ho desired ; and this what slio hail not the smallest intention of doing. If bIio had run away with all tho mon who had asked her as fervently n3 poor Martin prayed hor now ! Slio had had moro sonso, and so had preserved her self ; and by this timo thoso had either died or consoled themselves, and sho was free of them. But Bho knew that she must temporise with a mail liko Martin Harrow-by, and refrain from aught liko sclf- considcration. Her rcfural must bo based on the highest grounds of un selfish love, and it must convoy tho distinct impression of self-abnegation for that love's sake. Martin — blind, obstinate, pertinacious, as the sincere lovor always is— would not accept this decision. Tho world well lost was a truth of truths to him ; and, confident as youth ond lovo togothor mado n man, ho felt sure that he could give up all that makes lifo wortli living to tlio normal English gentleman, and yet be happy — having her.. That sho Bhould hold by tho-tnings which ho was so ready to renounce never entered into his honest head to conceive. Lovo would not have the propotcuoy it has were it not for its marvellous egoism — its sublimo belief in its power to offend man, God and tho law, and to livo victorious over circum stances, and sublimely unrepentant to tho ond. " Would tlint lie such a trial to monstoloso you ?" said Martin, in tho voieo wliorein a rami i very soul speaks. " Would tho loss of a four frionds and acquaintances he equal to tho blank i misery of a lifo without you ? Is this the j despair to which you aro going to condemn me, j Elaine? And all for a false notion of regard for i mo I" , ' ii "And condemn myself to tho same despair, , slio answered gently. "But it must bo; and some dny you will thank and bless me, end say that I did well, and proved myself your best friend." . . "Novor I" cried Martin, a littlo Rildly. » - shall say to tho enil that you havo ruined my lite I It would bo worse than murder. That, at least, would ho soon over — this cruelty mil he lor j all time." . , „ She looked gravo — grave ovon to displeasure. | But she was still gentle, as ono who would not i lot hor wrath lie heavy on maybo n too i passion- I nto pleader — hut thon, how dovoted andadonik, j a lover! ., I "That is a torriblo accusation, sho row. j " But that I can bear, for your sake. I apptu j from tho prosont to tho future ; and tho futu will judge mo fairly." ,, | "What can I say to make you alter jour docision ?" said Martin, clenching ins hand till no dug tho nails into tho palm. , , " Nothing, dear. To mako mo alter it wouhl bo to olinngo my wliolo nature. You irm make mo selfish and inconsiderate. I !mva you enough wrong, my darling, in | in lotting you lovo mo. 1 must ; not add to it , your Bocial ruin. Mino 1ms been tho Bin, must bo tho burden ; for I need hardly ray y I what my lifo will bo without you. As she Bnid this slio turned her J him-thoso wondorful eyes, soft volvet like, whioh knew so woll know to sweep tho very soul out of n mail I , .. u j "Don't !" criod Martin. "My God, fi you look liko that I shall go mad ! v-.-i.pd 1 Sho put up hor hand and hastily . brushta away tho tears that had gajdiorod _ j lids, and wero ready to foll/Shohad thu p ns b1io had tho power of chocking ho P j that slio coulil bccomo wluto and fain J " I£ you griovo bo much, what shall l 1 cried. " It makoB it so lmril to bear I k " I am a bruto !" said poor Martin, sw with tlio sonso of solfishnCBS. u> j oxcuso myself by saying how much l . I It makes mo forgot myself. ,. "Your best self," sho said gontly . nr j "But to leave you for vsr I ccutral j it I" said Martin, going hack on I point of his despair. . , our dis- | " Bottor sorrow thon tlio sm of I grooo," sho almost whisporod. j "Mine! mino I Why doyou only of mino i" ho said. _ u I cau f and there would bo something m uraclf-- I understand that. To give "P l»tKI,y L tho crest of tlio wave, as tlio JOU alwaj a on . nuoen you are, that I can lantaniPVtut lor myself, Elaine mtaata» > h. jn comparison with you— nnythi,,gyU Wlll_lt'S "n'nSnthoii," sho answered, as if making a "think of me- and spare "e;li„ she looked at him, her cyoa holying her Af V„t 1 er oves spoke of love for him, and f ink were for herself. It almost seemed, rfVhosocyos asked l.im how mneh ho U!iif00Li1recffoo3L'ood, your peace, I u?lo nuvthinK," sa'1' M8ltin> 8lwly- I i to the Stake for your sake ; and it is "toko to live without you.; . snd good -I knew that!" said % with a deep sigh, she closed her heauti- fukvci became wliito as tho white rose at her H and leaned hack against her lover, as if Rintaiid weak with emotion to sit upright. Am iiowshc had conquered, and poor, rash StsrHn subdued. He saw that the trial was XU for her. Ho saw how terribly it shook teCrcnounce him, to resist ins pleadings, to tor her own heart ; hut ho saw, too as she 3d lie should, that she was resolute, and ita it was best for her. So long as it was tho Son only of his worldly loss lie could com- End entreat. When it touched herself, ho yto necessarily mute. Ami Elaine smiled to hrnclf, congratulating liorself on lior cleverness and the skul which she had skirtod hy and verted a very groat aiid pressing danger. _ It wis not often that sho had driftod into mch'a perilous position. For the most part sho tod found her lovers more mon of the world and therefore easier to manage tlinn Martin had moved himself to bo. It must bo a warning to licr in tho future. Sho must play with a longor line, and not run auoh a close risk ngam. Mean while, she was safe ; and hor importunate lover was shaken off. By that ovemng s train Martin Harrowby went forth into tho wilds of the world and tho . desolation of life— his happiness wrecked, liis hopes cut down to tho roots, nil liis past a dream, all his future despair. Tho whole thing to at an end for liirn ; and more than onco ho (peculated on tho good of ending his life as well ashbhopc. Why should ho live? Bankrupt ia all that makes lifo of vnluo, why should lie decline 011 tho miserable pittance left over— tlio pittance of moro existence void of love, void of tope, void of happiness and interest ? But he was young; and youth, wliioh Buffers (ourach moro keenly than age, has nlso more unconscious compensation in its moro solid ties to earth. Unspoken and unformulated, tho raguo possibilities of tho futuro hover like rays of distant light in tho mind. There, on tho horizon, broods somewhere that divine Bird of Gtd who shall restore all things. Wo do not know its nnmo, nor its Blmpo, nor wlioro it hides, nor how it goes ; but wo believe that it is there and that Bomc day it will fly into our bosom, and abide with us to the end. Were it not for this vague consciousness of future hcnl- ing, tormented youth could not livo through its mrious stages of torture; and tlio first lovo trouble would ho tho last. But that secret spring which keeps the world fruitful, promises tot in ths futuro tho present desert shall onco more blossom like n rose, and that all can never be forgotten, something at least shall' bo re- deemed. Meanwhile, Martin was not ashamed to weep litter tears in tho solitude of his own chamber -not nshnmed to feel as broken-hearted as a lovesick girl while his train aped onwards, carry ing him from her— for ever from hor 1— not aannmed to bo ungrntoful to God and life, to friends and youth, nnd to feel an enmity with fate— wanting that supreme delight of all. And while no was eating out his heart for nil loess fiery griefs, his train crossed that wherein Jacques Courccllcs was hurrying onwnrd, radiant with lovo and joy, to the prcsonco of his adored wife. And juBt ns tho young Englishman entered Paris — to him, like a city of the dead, tenanted only by gibbering ghosts— the good, round, dog- faced littlo merchant, with his heart of gold and his body of tho poorest alloy pro curable in tho workshop of Nature — hiB soul 1 "'i11/1 f11"0' ?n'. '"8 l,orflon that of a gnome —stumbled hnstily into his wife's room, where chiht "' ran<lu>l sleep of an unsoiled Aa he came to tho bedside I10 fell on his knees tod gently took hor hand, Which he kissed with lan.ra.f , a devotee brought faco to face , wun the goudoBS I10 worshipped. To him, in tra, (ho was a goddess— body and mind.super- hk, and hu ""l 5 kut body and mind ' ®aino opcnciThor eyes, and saw hor husband toeehM therein tho tender twilight made by braking through tlio heavy blinds and tortams, Sho saw his eyes full of adoring tears . jf happiness juat touched with pain because upr j"jB,j'yand in -her heart she said: erm',,!?G 1 " she oxclaimed, throwing her W? utJ and kiHBing Mb damp fore- mfecml.li. t iW , lneed for you! How H ,1 kavo without you I How over- J that you liavo come ! " r?V aside, and showed tho iSnH all?ul?or which not 24 hours ago ,t'n Harrowby had kissod. ' ttnll L»"fJ ! my own dear nngel 1" was all den tor EE. fc<lue8 collld nay ; for Nature had SlT.„Cl0quc?,c.' 08 Bho had donicd him toll a shrmvEEl?' 1 80? Gifts wore goodueBs imlemnia 11 1 ,Pf husmoss "flair." But ho SnuBt hnraclf for his sparse utterances by 'houlrier! hissing that bared white l10'11', onco moro 1" said Elaine, S will on Grizzled scrubbing brash TE „Whod lior with such dovotion. asked/ y0U miB8ed me, littlo ono?" ho h«new?,Ei thittn 1 Bay'" ellid Elnino- "! Elad to »«> E yYu 80 much — novor been so "rJu you' '»y darling!" Uml tranaEE ?? Jr that !" ejaculated tho bus- 'ramuilonnd joy Vty n f lleavonB wiped Hio V ,'?inG hway lior head, furtively end tho luinli 1 1"? 1 !m, touoliod liis forehead. Her aeim 18 Imd olasiod. hoi. Sho im-EEi ' BO was hor solf-con- h'r huthaml m. , '10rself that, as sho made one t« eufFor ,c"? y '"WW and was tho only h'id thLW,'mt , 5t BiH"ify how much U'teuco in 1, ,m 2 carcases, how inuoli pijutcellcj. lin-i , W0'000 1 To lior, Jacques '"ok, sb a bSi ' WBB useful ns a banker's S'lnstthonwh .in -m B0'n.? set as a protection m her lif,. A of tho Martin Harrowbys tented him ,,s aB "l"? hoodwinked nnd con- "toicnml tiln !,. tier tlio sanction of liis 'to was ia i,„, l.-0, , 116 incomo, alio tliought torrent of nrii-nli 1 vo secret uudcr- t comiilnln - t?„ , i ,8.1"'0- Ho had 110 cnuso f r"l alio lieii nil d had no right to consure; tcndcriicss to ' wnntcd- A littlo show of hyclax toniv PUr £ a11 wna »ot 400 of" czaguernlmti ' 801,60 G008 further !VwSs3aeX:ilv?. 'hi8 way of looking at """Shteous common enst. V1C1" rCa9n and ..Nop,,..,,, . Chawei, nr. ... .WomdEttl.novliat, on tho lookout for Given a' moment's' thought to ' tho pooplo who camo to Mrs.. Evcrton's garden party. Nor would he havo gleaned tho very smallest harvest if ho had. Virtuous, orthodox unromantic, respectable, tlioy had not the makings of an Ibson piny or a fi-A novol among them. Even Bhlzac himself would have found them difficult to portray and a tough job to idealise ; and as matorial for analysis they wore nowhere. True, there were somo among thorn who wore palpably discontented with their lot in lifo; but not tho most liberal interpreter of human fooling could have dignilicd that discontent as divine, nor have found in it tho gcrtnof poetry. Common-placo, Bquare-tood folk, not given to fine phrases, and incapable of that kind of high falutin which finds evil interesting and good prosaic, would havo bluntly described the discontent which certain of their neighbors showed a3 ill-temjior duo to idleness end sluggish liver. Such a man, for instance, as that prosaio old optimist, that halo and rubicund old sea-dog, Captain Gcorgo Jones, would havo hustled them off with — " Give 'cm something to do, says I ; mako 'cm work as I havo done, till I very nigh dropped. I did. Mako 'em work for their rations, tlio lazy lubbers, and they'll soon get all the nonsense knocked out of 'em, or I'll cat 'oni, I will." And oven Boroy Morritt, tho idealist, artist, romanoist and Now Light generally of Green Lanes — did ho not contribute both proso and verso to tho local newspapers? — did ho not fol low 011 tho chariot wheels of tho Impressionists and mako word pictures which wore only iiko so many dabs of color, with neither incident nor drawing to speak of ?— did lie not quoto Carlylo, sit at tho foot of Ruskin, profess to undcrotand Browning, and call tilings unintelligible or im moral "distinctly precious"?— yet oven I10 could not pump up anything liko sontimcntal sympathy for Lueinda Ware's chronic pouts, nor excuse Mrs. Amanda Potts's snappish com- E taints against Jior good-natureil, fat-faccd hus- and, whom all tho world liked, and wonilbrcd why slio did not — for what in tho liamo of fortuno had sho to complain of ? Thus, it will ho scon that really a garden party, where no man flirted with another man's wife, and no brazen hussy of a girl tried to win the heart of another woman's husband — wlioro jealousy was as rudimentary as tlio intellectual faculties of a baby, and tho darker passions camo to no doopor shndo thnn dovo color for black — such a garden party as this was but a tamo affair ill those highly spiced days of ours, when tho under current runs along with such headlong spoed, and the Ten Commandments are swept away by its force as so many straws in a stream. Perhaps there wore potentialities — who knows? It is only by trial that things prove themselves, and BmokcioBs powder lias the same oxplosivo strength as tlio other kmd. There was Dulcio Evorton, for example — un tried, undeveloped, untested in every way. Who know what latent force might not be lying within licr, liko the curled crozier head of a future fern?— liko tho unhatohed bird in the dumb egg? As things were, sho was just a swoet tempered, unselfish, affectionate girl, with no dominant characteristic of a resonant or rocondito sort. Call hor a good girl or an amiablo one, and there you wore. You had no more to say ; for time and opportunity had as yot been wanting to provo tho real quality of licr nature. Tho old captain had no other word for hor than! "Ay, she's a bravo 1ohs;" and Percy Morritt had oxbauBted even liis abundant vocabulary and oomo to the end of his analytical tether when lie said: "Charmingly ingcnuouB — a sweet feast of innocent Bclf un consciousness." Even tho father and mother, who had watched hor gradual devolopmont from the cradle up to now— oven they had no more definito idea concerning hor than this of universal' acceptance : " unselfish, amiable, affectionate." As for Aston, if ho had analysed liis feelings and thoughts, ho- would liavo come to the bottom fact of both ; "unselfish, amiable, affectionate of course — born into tho world for nothing clso than to ohoy hor futlior, tuko care of her mother, and attond to cvory whim and wish of liis, her lordly brother.? All this was truo to nature ; for while as yot in the bud ono curled up crozier bond is vety liko another, and you cannot for tho life of you toll whether tho egg you hold in your hand will hatoli out a brooding, clucking, peaceful Damo l'artlett, 01- a lordly strutting, combativo young chanticleer. All things wont on in thoir usual course. Tho Browns, Joneses nnd Robinsons wore mildly amused and amenable to regulations. The young mon sorved well or ill according to ability ; tho girls volleyed olosc or wide accord ing to theirs. Tho muscular vonng curato did liis cecumonicnl Bpoouing with discretion ; the older ladies looked on and noted, and tho older men a littlo envied him hiB flootnoss of stop and liis catholicity of tnsto. Luoinda Wore, who affected him— this discreet young curato, Adolphus Tyson — was less Bulky and uncom- fortahlo than usual; hut Mrs. Amanda Potts aimed her Bpitoful little shafts at men in general and husbands in particular— and most of all, lior own husband, ns an outrageous speci men of tlio wliolo class— just as sho had dono many times thoso dozen years. Porey Morritt tallied weak ratlioticisms to Mrs. Grantloy, and Mrs. Grantley found him both tiresome and innno. And thorowas overall a general atmos- phoro and of oxcrtion, and of damp young men mopping themselves with inadequate pookot handkerchiefs, and fair comploxioncd girls whose rosos hod run up to unbocoming poonic3. Tlio tea, lemonade, strawberries and olnret cup wore all at a premium ; and, but for tho wasps and midges tho afternoon would havo been per- foot. But wasps and midges havo to bo reckoned withaB woll as ripo fruit and shady trees ; and ovon at a garden party oU is not gold without alloy. Tho afternoon wan drawing to a close, and tho laBt set was being played. Already somo of tlio moro distant of tho guests had departed for their respective homos, when o dogcart drovo up tlio avenue— that beautiful limo trco avonuc wliioli was ono of tlio most precious ornaments of tho hall. Tho dogcart drew up at tlio porch ; a man jumped out, and camo across tho flower garden nnd tho broad walk to tho lawn, where tlio party had assembled ; nnd, in another moment, Martin Harroby was shaking hands with Mrs. Evorton and Duloie, nnd asking tho squire how I10 did without waiting for an answor or expocting to have one. Yes, it was their friond and neighbor, Martin Harrowby, bui'O enough — Dulcio's former play mate and tormentor ; nut heavens ! how terribly ho had changed ! Ho had loft homo rather moro thnn a year ago n carclcnH, happy, fair faced young follow, who, snvo in tho loss of hiB father, had novor known a day's sorrow— for his mother had died so long ago as to ho now a dis used pang and a forgotten grief. Ho camo hack grave, preoccupied, with a grey kind of shade over liis face, a notworlc of wrinkles about liis mouth and forehead, ami a curiously wild look of sadness in his eyes, which mado one's own heart sad to boo. Ho seemed liko 0110 who lias looked into tlio fnoo of Death and read tlio Becrets of tho other lifo— liko ono who has stood in tho magician's circle and seen tho sliapo of liis destiny hurried hy and hoard tho fatal words of doom. All tlio youth and elasticity of soul that jio took away witii liiui eoemod to havo, been burnt out of him, nnd to hnvo rendered back oidy tho liusk of his former eolf. -IIo was Martin Harrowby truly, but with a difference that practically Boparoted hia present self from his post. xr"f-md kny, you woro coming homo, Martin, > \Vhon did you como?" naked Mrs Everton, m her sweet, placid way. " Lato last niht," ha answered. "You seo I havo lost no time in coming to see you, 11 ho addod, a littlo' feverishly, " That was good of you," returned Dulcio's mother, smiling, " And how is my old olium nnd playfellow? " asked Martin, turning abruptly to Dulcie. Hi3 manner indeed was abrupt all through, ob is tho oaso with a man whoso nature is strained, and who is forcing ah appearanco of interest whilo tho reality lies far lionce. " Oh, I am all riglit," said Dulcio prosaically. "But I cannot Bay that you look very well, Martin. Are you woll ? Have yon been ill ? " "III? No I "What rubbish!" ho said, a littlo hurriedly, and moro than a littlo rudely. It was ns if tho question annoyed him— as if lio did not onro to be takon stock of and observed too closely, oven by old friends and in affection. " Perhaps it is tlio, climate," said Mrs. Ever- ton, with a fine genorosity of generalisation, meant to bo liko tho cloak of charity, reaching over nil possible contingencies. " A hot Bun burns ono," snid Martin. And then an inexplicable something camo into his face, and ho turned away his oyes as if he saw something tliat gave liirn pain. Evidently the hot sun had burnt him ; and ho was con scious of tho smart. "Wlioro havo you como from last?"nskod Dulcio, innocently ignorant — unsuspectingly obtuso. " I havo boen in Morocco aiidAlgiors,"replied Martin, evading a direct answer. What good would it bo to toll lior that heliad lialtod in Paris for two mouths on his way liomo ; and tliori, instead of Crossing lover to England, had turned back as far as Montone, whence indeed he lrad juat arrived ? What good to toll them aught that would givo them the slenderest thread as a cluo to his miserable secret ? " How delightful ! " said Dulcio, whoso heart Bilontly nourished the. unavailing wish to travel and seo foreign lands and customs. ." Yes ; Tangiors is interesting. So ia Algiers," said Martin. Then, not caring to be furthor put to tho question, ho turned to tho group sitting or standing under tho hornbeam, discussing such of their neighbors as wore beyond earshot and finding most of the social way from Dan to Bcersliecba a moral waste. And hut one thought passed liko an electric spark from eaoli to oacli -. " How wretchedly ill Martin Harrowby lookB ! Wliat on earth has ho dono to himself ? The man looks liko a ghost, or lis if lio had boen in hospital for a month 1 Ho used to have rather good manners" — neighbors in a country placo novor allow themselves to bccomo enthusiastic about 0110 another — "and now ho is so abrupt and indifferent as to bo quite boorish. He never sccmB to. hear what is said to him; and what a disagreeable way ho has of looking over one's head when ono speaks to hiin. He seems only half thoro ; and it is horrid I" But grumhlo as thoy might, arid speculate as to causos as they would, 110 ono got a hint or indication out of Martin. II" was changed, as they ail saw and said ; but they had to content themselves with tho fact, and lot tho explana tion settle itself. And this reticoncc, seeming to point as it did to a secret, not to say mystery, mado Martin Harrowby, tho onco popular young squire of Hayes Hill, porhaps the most un popular man in the whole district. Thoy all tried to "draw" him. Mr. Grantloy threw out tonativo hints as to tho holy influouco which tiio Church can oxorciso on a mind dis eased, and Mrs. Grantley lamented the loss to a young man of his mother, when lio is in trouble. Mr. Evorton spoko in general terms of reprobation of thoso who suffer private griefs to interfere with public duties, and maintainod tho grand powor of healing lying hi magisterial work and tho County Council. Somo of tlio prettior girls looked as if thoy would havo accoptcd tho oflico of consoler and light bearer at a moment's notice; and some of tho young men ventured on chaff, which for tho most part they did not repeat. ' Tho old soa dog winkod his left eye,- nnd said both confidently and confidentially : "For two'-ponoo — a petticoat. There's a woman in tho caso or my name's not George Jones." So it might or might not bo, All thoy know was that Martin wont into magisterial and local work with a kind of dogged nttention to his duties that considerably discomposed, because it distanced, his comrailcB and companions ; nnd that ho rode about tho lanes liko a demon rather than a sober country gentleman— which mndo the yokels wondor whether ho wore a bit soft or drunk. And over thoro rested on lus face that haunted look of a man wlioso oyo3 havo qwercd into tho world beyond tho grove, and who can novor for got tho things I10 has scon and hoard. Ho. was like ono who had lost his souL The body was thoro, alive and sound, tho mind was there, activo and nlort ; hilt that otlior something — that tiling wo call our soul, our spirit, had left him and rcdaccd him to a bit of clevor mechanism— an automatic organism, with but littlo eolf consciousness and still less responsi bility. Bo ho wandered on that way wo call lifo, per forming his civic duties with painful regularity, because with that painful indifference of a moral kind which showed how purely mechanical and functional tlioy woro. As a magistrate lio was neither harsh nor lenient, but Rtiadamnnthino in liis inflexible ndhcronco to tho law as laid down hy authority. If that law wore clastio and allowed of his discretion lio turned tho scale perhaps ono quarter degree to tho side of mere', hut in general I10 Hccmcd not to know that suoh a tiling as pity existed, or that tho culprit before him was a human being of sontiont nerves and innor feelings. It was ns a dead man judging tlio living— a ghost from tho tomb awarding fines and penalties to thoso ho had loft bohind in tlio flcsli. All this mndo him an ocrio kind of personngo in tho placo where onco ho had boon tho blithest companion and tho lightest-hearted morry maker of thorn all. And I10 could not ho ignored— not loft alone, as a smaller man might havo been. A restricted country Bocicty cannot afford to boycott ono of its most influential meinliers becauso lio looks moro melancholy than other pooplo liko, nnd because ho will not mnko publio confession of what lias bo strangoly altered him from liis formor self. To bo sure, I10 gavo tho neighbors but littlo cnuso to weary of him ; for, snvo to tlio Evcrtons, ho rarely went to any family in tho placo or joined in any of tho amusements. And when ho did go ho waB "no acquisition," as Luoinda Ware said sourly. 'Thus, ho had to ho token 011 his own terms or not nt all ; and thoso terms were, undisguised indifference to ono and nil, and tlio conscious possession of something whioh ho kept to him self and imparted to 110 ono. The doctor hinted at melancholia ; and this hy degrees got to the received opinion. Poor Martin Harrowby was certainly losing liis mind, and his end would probably bo — suicido. Meanwhilo the kindly hoped and tho dramatic exaggerated ; and Martin's approaching insanity became a kind of test caso in Grecn-Iancs as to the amount of ovidence which tho normal man, not to speak of woman, requires before jumping to conclusions and landing heavily on unproved cortainties. The Evcrtons nlono scouted the theory as both injurious and ridiculous ; and peoplo said it was wicked of them to do so, and a flying in tho faco of Providenco all round. And for pooplo who possessed suoh high prin ciples as tlioy did, it wns doubly wrong, and calculated to bring down a judgment on them — ns it would, sooner or later. (to be continued.) 