Macks &BiaqKets; & GricKet-niatetiesj (For the GAZETTE). BY C. JARDYNE PATON. A FEW days before the last Queen's Birth day-I mean the Queen's last birthday (or, perhaps, it Bhould be " latest")-the police of Barharbour distributed the usual Birth day Blankets to the lower River blacks at the local Court-house. Generally, the presentation is very formal; but on this occasion there was a little excitement when " Dot-eye" tried to sneak a blanket from Barney O'Keefe-more vulgarly known as " Chicken-soup." [NOTE.-It was a rabid anti- Homeruler who christened Barney.] The police soon put an end to the shindy ; and after a few remarks from the eloquent and handsome Sergeant, the darkies gathered together on the little green oppo site the Court-house. Their leader, Jack Cockroach, yabbered a bit to his mates ; and then, with a flourish of his old felt-hat, called out, " T'ree plurry cheers alonga Kaween Wictoreya, an' allsame Missa Gubbermint. He plurry good good iron dat pheller, my wud." Three rousing cheers rang out, staggering the Post-office tower, and the presentation was ended. I had attended the birthday-honors-distribu tion for the purpose of getting a snapshot of the shrivelled remnant of the once power ful Lower Richmond tribes. I pressed the button, but something went wrong with the works, and so I failed to get a souvenir. I had also a commission to execute for Captain Jackson, of the Thomaski. The captain is a good, truly pious man who, ulike most coastal skippers neither drinks, nor smokes, nor swears. One of his fads is the clothing of the river blacks with howl ing mis- fit red coats and old Volunteer helmets. Very proud are those blackfel lows who can sport one of " Cap'en Jack son's plurry red coats, my wud/' Somehow the Aboriginals do not take kindly to old dress-clothes. " Catch too much plurry cold along a chest with that pfeller clothes," was what Combardello Charlie spluttered out, when offered a faultless evening dress. Jimmie Pannikin, after gravely inspecting the open-faced costume, added, " Dat pfeller no plurry good. Too much blanky farre6h air. You bin gib it soger- coat, alonga budgeree barass buttons. Mine tink it me fall out dat plurry coat and vest." The blankets were given out at ten o'clock, and before eleven o'clock some of the black fellows were " tarrunk" terrible drunk," in spite of the stingent regulations prohibiting the sale of liquor to blacks. Blankets had very quickly been transmuted into bottles of R.R.R.R.-raw Richmond River rum stuff that burns holes in corrugated iron; and up in Clement Park were rum and riot, rows and ructions, hair-tearing, loud swearing, and other exciting amusements. Just after ,dinner I was standing on the old candle-box, that does duty as etep in front of the otherwise natty "Richmond River Times" office, talking to the sub editor-a dashing batsman, a fast and furioug Rugby forward, a good amateur comedian, an execrable singer, the most bashful man in the township, a personal friend of mine, and an intermittent teetotaller,-when we noticed coming round Mobbs' corner, the most resplendent, reful gent and redolent aboriginal I ever saw. On his head he wore a bruised and battened billy hat, his coat was a glaring red uni form, a celluloid collar several sizes too large (and many degrees too dirty) en circled his neck, his necktie was neat but not gaudy, that is, red, blue, black and yellow, his pants were made of blue dungaree, patched in several places with red Turkey twilling; on his left foot was an old THE LATE Mr. COOPER BRODERICK. The man of many colors and various per- i fumes came straight to us ; and, shifting i his walking-stick from his right hand to his left, took off his hat, making a bow worthy of a cane-inspector. " Good day gen'lmen." "Good afternoon, respected sir," said the sub-editor. " Gidday," said I. , " Which one er you gen'lmen a secer terry blonga carrickit club ?" " I am the honorary secretary of the Bat harbour cricket club," said the sub editor, " Do you want me ?'' .. Yeh, Bares. ' "Well kindly step this way inside, and I don't spit about the immaculate office any- j more than you can help," said the paper man with a wink a me ; and he offered a j dancing pump, but his right foot was bare, and, of course, pigeon-toed; a veritable mudhook. He came on smoking a villainous public-house cigar, and twirling a beauti fully polished and wonderfully carved lime tree walking- stick, with all the easy abandon of the baritone-voiced agent for the C. and R.R.S.N.Co. " Hogan's Ghost!" exclaimed the sub-editor, " wot a 'owlin' toaf it is to be sliuah. Lor blime I Ahem ! Aint the pernounced brunette just cutting it fat 1 Why blowme if he ain't making for this office." " Seems like it," I assented. " P'raps he's going to stop his paper, or advurtiss (as they call it) for a lady-help." chair to the darkie. Then he seated him self in the editor's comfortable chair and kicked over a nmnufacturedon-the-premises spittoon towards the unabashed and un washed visitor. I squatted on a ease of fruit that had been sent down from an orchard up the mountain. The blackfellow took the proffered chair, spat copiously but correctly into the spittoon, and proceeded to business. " My name Chimmie Kappeen. I'm cap'en of the Cabbage Tree Island blanky carrickit club, and we want to play you plurry Barharpcr pfellers a blanky iarrendly game next Sat'dee." Mr. James Kappen used very strong ad jectives ; but he spoke with all the una bridged accuracy of a police-court deposi tion. Continuing, he said, '. You bin alonga Cabbage Tree Island, eh ? You know dat place jurst parst Wardell, near Barroad water ?" " Oh ! I know the select locality well Mr. Kappeen, Esq.-pray proceed," said the pressman, feeling in his pockets for a bit of weed, and, as usual, feeling in vain. " Eibuck! You know we play carricket fa' the bloomin' love of it, 'n I 'ope we have a blanky farrendly game, my wud." To this, the subeditor (still hunting for the tobacco with characteristic want of suc cess) could only ejaculate, " Oh !"-which was non-.committal, anyway. I slung a plug of " Black Charlie" across to the sub. Jas. Kappeen, Esq., forgot his carricket for a moment. " You got 'im bacca? You gib it little pfeller bit ?" " Cut him off a junk," I said ; and the sub. was unduly generous. Kappeen began to hack up a pipeful, and resumed, "We bet the blanky Clarence Biver, ad' Wardell, an' Barroodwater", an' my wud, dat good bacca, baal gammon." " My friend's tobacco ain't too bad', Mr. Kappeen." " Say, you bin call me Chimmie, nor Mister Kappeen, like plurry toff." "Alright, James," replied the sub.; " does your team consist solely of abori ginal players ?" " No-no pluny-fear. We're all blanky blackf'eller, biku myself." "Ah, indeed. And who's your best bowler ?" " Me." " Yes-and who's your best bat ?" " Me." " Ho I-and who's your best field ?" " Me." " Well-and who's your best wicket keeper ?" " Me." ^ " I suppose," said the sub-editor, gazing incredulously at Kappeen's abnormally bandy legs, " you stop the ball mainly by crossing your legs ?" " No plurry fear. I bin longstop-back stop, same's Frank McShane. Never let a ball co by me. I'm best blontsym&n; nour teau." "Idon't doubt it. Now let us go into details, Mr. Kappeen. If we play your team we'll have to give tucker ?" " My plurry colonial," said Chimmie de cisively. " How many of you are we to play fifteen ' " Well," said James Kappeen, of Gunyah Villa, Cabbage Tree Island Park, all- round cricketer and egotist-" I can't tell you now, 'zactly. There's me an* two pfeller gin' and free piccaninny; Jack Roach, two pfeller gin an' four piccaninny; Chimmie Chimmie, t'ree gin an' four pfeller pican mny ; Teddie Bungaree an' two" "Hold on, Mr. Kappeen," gasped the sub-editor. « The match which, was oa the- er-tarpee is distinctly off the tarpee. We could nt stand dinner for that crowd! Besides, it's just possible that we'd have to toast the ladies"' Eh ? What s dat you bin yabber ? Toast im our ladies ! Eh !-mine tink it plurry kaweer. I bin arsk you for ter play a farrently game. No toast ladies. No dam fear. I'm oft. S'long." And the interview ended abruptly. Still the match came off-but thafc'a another two guineas, 8 