Between Ourselves. A DEPUTATION waited on the Premier last week, asking him about damming the Avon River. John said he would see it damn*d. IN order that the poor man won't be robbed of his beer a Sydney hotel signboard now reads: " Beer 4d a quart, 3d a pint, id per half-pint glass; stout a quart." AT Sydney Quarter Sessions Frank Green, charged with selling indecent pictures, was sent to gaol for three months. Some pictures not too decent are openly offered for sale in shop windows in big cities—Coolgardie included. MELU. Punch says : " This is the time to sell—not to buy Boulders." Judging by the movements in the markets the advice appears to pass unheeded, and in view of all things or any of them, it does not appear to be good advice just at the time. IN connection with the Menzies railway one definite undertaking from the Premier has occurred. Sir John says he has pledged himself to the construction of the line from Kalgoorlie or Coolgardie, and will not entertain any proposal to start from Southern Cross. SEVERAL audacious robberies " are reported from Perth. These are the kind which usually find their way into the papers. Others than "audacious" robberies are only committed in the share market, and but rarely reported to the police. DR. TALCOTT, of New York, has decided that early rising is a fruitful cause of insanity. There will be a general endorsement of the learned doctor's opinion in this centre during the cold mornings of the next few months. DURING the recent S.A. elections an Adelaide broker remarked that one candidate was 110 more fit to be a member of Parliament than the devil was to be a door-keeper in the Kingdom of Heaven. Which was, to say the least of it, discouraging. EASTERN papers periodically contain wires to the effect that counterfeit sovereigns are in circulation in Coolgardie. The fact that a large number of good ones are changing hands does not appeal to be deemed worthy of wiring by correspondents. THE Westralian Government has purchased the Victorian gunboat Victoria for £7500. Apart from the fact that the Victorian Government would not have sold the ship for that sum if she had been worth it, we fail to see that W.A. has any more urgent need of a gunboat than the city of Coolgardie has of a life raft and appliances for restoring the apparently drowned. MELBOURNE Age has evidently been on the inside, and thus reports : " Any set of adventurers can take up a gold mining leaser register themselves as a limited liability company, and without as much as even a JCS note to the credit of the company get their shares placed on the market and open a trade." It«'« fairly easy to do it when you once get to know the run of the ropes, but not quite so easy as that even when experts tackle the job. AT the Collie coalfield court during the week reference was made to the old Goldfields Act. A lawyer, whose practice has lately been confined to the goldfields, remarked :—" We don't want to go into the old Goldfields Act —we have done with it." " Yes, and done very well with it, too," rejoined a local legal luminary, amid considerable laughter. THEY were discussing Coolgardie. The Easterner was anxious for a picturesque description. " What do I think of the field ?" repeated the man from the West. And he frankly summed up: "Little to eat, less to drink, and a of a place anyhow !" Which, in spite of ail that has been written, is a fair reflection of Eastern opinion of us even as late as to-day. IN these piping times of peace between the Powers, it is worthy of notice they are all preparing for war, England recently launched two cruisers, the Powerful and Terrible. Russia has replied by the flotation of a warship larger than the Rurik—up till then the most formidable cruiser afloat. It is •vident we are in for a peaceful time —while it lasts. IN well-informed circles it is stated that the Law of Nations would have upheld Kruger if he had tried Dr Jameson by court martial and shot him. It might have been that way, but before the Law of Nations had been appealed to Oom Paul would certainly have been furnished with good reason for supposing that some fighting -had been going on in his country. • A WELL-KNOWN Perth lawyer, on divorce evidence bent, made a clever coup a night or so back. Very late the husband and the law party located the guilty pair in a snug suburban villa, but in view of the bad time served out to some Eastern private detectives they were chary about raiding the house. At last the lawyer hit upon a plan. He ordered two big stones to be pitched through the drawing-room window, and accompanied the crash with yells of "Fire! Fire!" Bang, slam went the villa's doors, and the next moment two much-agitated robe, de nuit figures appeared on the verandah. The evidence was quite complete. THE Brisbane Greek, John Dandes, who committed suicide because a policeman kicked him, was a man altogether too soft and yielding for this cold, unfeeling world, ani did wisely in quitting it before some wayward Chinaman stabbed him in the neck with a sharp-pointed radish. We have always read of the godlike Greek as a man sudden and'quick in quarrel, who would resent being kicked just as energetically as a mule would protest against having the mud-cracks in its heels rubbed with Farmer's Friend held in the hollow of the naked hand. But John seems to have come from another part of Greece, and after solacing himself with prayer, drove his oyster knife into his neck, and shortly became a ghost. He was something of a Christian, though he was a Greek. Had he been a Westralian he would certainly have sent the policeman on ahead. WE read some awful stories of ourselves in the foreign papers. The Belgian 7'itnes, writing on this country, says :—" Westward the march of madness wends its way. Every steamer is crowded, and the captains are continually being fined for carrying passengers in excess of the legal number. Besides the terrible destitution that exists in the new broker-boomed colony, hundreds are dying from typhoid and other diseasus induced by bad water, insufficient food, and defective sanitary arrangements, and at present no trade flourishes like that of the coffin-maker." We own up'to a little of the typhoid, but emphatically deny the destitution. We may be " brokered," but are not yet broke. WHEN Mark Twain was passing through New Zealand he lectured at a small town which particularly prided itself upon its grand piano. The people connected with the show therefore insisted upon it selection or two being thrown in during the course of the humorist's few remarks. At the finish Mark reckoned he could not permit thi3 kindness to go unrewarded, so he said, " Ladies and gentlemen, I admire your town and its magnificent scenery. It's one of the most beautiful places I have so far struck. And I also admire your piano. It is worthy of a better fate than merely to interrupt an old cuss like me. It should be taken clean away from this hall and used as a hen-house." Then Mark gravely bowed in acknowledgement of the crowd's applause. We would like to know within a few how many times the great humorist has made the same' or similar observations. SIR JOHN, desirous of postponing as long as possible his evil day, has further prorogued Parliament to July 2, when both Houses will positively assemble " for the despatch of business." As the programme of items to be considered will not be presented until the Governor's speech is read at the opening ceremony, it is useless to attempt any forecast of the " business" which is to be despatched. If there is any laith in Sir John, the goldfields and their requirements should occupy . a considerable portion of the time of the first session, and about the first item to be taken after the formal business has been dealt with and the - House set in order, will be the aracn^* • ment of the Mining Act and tljse. i reduction of its oppressive features.' t This will, of course, be at once at-^j^ tacked, in accordance with the prdmitfc of Sir John, but there are so many*W other items requiring immediate atten- - tion that it is to be regretted Parliament did not meet on Thursday as originally determined. 