ClIAl'IER II. How all ot you witli a warm Heart aim a pictorial eye will understand how such an episode as that which I. have just related would affect one of a highly aesthetic nature such as I possess. Even atmospheric phasesjtouch me to the quick, and I-have to rejoice or weep as they dictate. Accordingly as the sunrise of my love was heralded by storm-gathering clouds suddenly overshadowing me in mystery and gloom, I was drawn unwit tingly under their spell. The effect, fortunately, was transient, and the smile of sunshine soon again brought out hap piness and joy. And, as might be expected, the re membrance of it enabled me to live some days and nights in dreamland. My love strengthened, and I had to go forward in earnest hopefulness to realise if possible my most sanguine expectations. So I resolved (o seek an interview with her who now monopolised my thoughts. Love not only laughs at locksmiths, hut it laughs at all and sundry. >So I hied off to the suburbs of the city to find her residence. That was easily done, lmt when my eyes rested on her villa home my heart sank within me. I believed I moaned aloud, " Gration,?; how am I to approach such magnificence ; " I stood still in despair. I lingered. Yet I dare not touch the bell pull of that pillarfu gateway. Must I forego all, I con sidered ? Really I was dumbfounded, and felt ashamed ;ii my boldness. Had anyone appeared at that moment I am sure I would have attempted to throw myself through the opposite hedgerow. Betimes the passing breeze came laden with the perfume of shrubs and flowers. I began to recover spirit, and tried to look my position in the face, yet still hoping to touch again the warm hand I pressed in mine so lately. Once more I walked slowly lo the gate. A shaggy-haired poodle growled at my approach. Fateful snarl. A bending figure among the flowers rose in its ele gance and looked out to learn the mean ing of tho cur's displeasure. I was re- j cognised, and my lovely friend came j blushing forward to greet me. .My Jjappiness was complete; yet to my I thoughts, if not to my lips, came the ■words of a poet, The heart that is soonest awake to the flowers Ib always the first to bo touch'd by the thorn. Our first meeting was still exercising a subtle influence over me; otherwise I could not account for the quotation com ing so readily in my memory. Tho shadow, however, was soon dispelled by the rich brown eyes now looking into mine, unci the tuneful tone of a lively voice. "Come in," she said, "and see the floweis, and have a bouquet. I'm at home among them." '• Like draws to like," I whispered, half timidly ; for although my admiration of her beauty might have made me bolder in expression, the rapid and searching glance she gave inc on making the simple remark so chastened 1110, that I became fearful of any semblance of levity in ber presence. Truly this was not the place nor the time to babble platitudosT Loveliness filled the eye and sweetness the mind. The half hour wo together spent among the ilowers that calm summer evening can never be educed from my memory at least. On returning next morning to business it all came vividly before me again, bracing 111c to higher motives and greater enterprise. Again and again we met in like happiness and joy. I was living an enchanted existence. Even occasionally sue would join mc in a photoing ramble, ana would consent with some little per suasion to be a figure in the landscape ; but whether from my bungling in the misplacing of her, or her own unwilling ness to lend herself to the composition of the picture, somehow she seldom en hanced the view. More often hot* figure conveyed the idea that she was either looking for somebody or feeling afraid of being seen in such a situation. That was not only my notion, hut it was also the opinion of others who had the privilege of looking at my photos. I began to fancy that there might he some meaning in these suggestive attitudes of hers. Confound it, thought I, can they have any reference to her state of mind, .and the expression she uttered at the termi nation of our first railway journey ? "I was mistaken, I thought," again came back 011 me renewed in strength aud mysteriousness. At quiet moments I would go and look at my prints and my negatives, and mourn over tho inexplic able aloofness of the form of her Iloved so well. Departed spirits are said to appear in the negatives of the spiritualistic and of their devotees; but no shadow, not even a ghost of a shadow, lurked near the picture of my enchantress to apprise nie of the vision she may have seen or wished to see. Yet, while perplexed from time to time with such notions; the affairs of my heart, ostensibly moved forward pleasingly and well. Indeed, 1 was enjoying many happy hours at Brownhilht-Villa. My dear one's widowed mother seemed well pleased to sec her daughter and myself enjoying each other's company. Perhaps I did not take full advantage of ruy opportunities, yet I hesitated to fetter the hand I held until my improving business prospects became still brighter. I soon had cause to regret the delay. I un wittingly became a witnes iu a never- to be-forgotten sceno one evening while with my dear one. We were pacing about in the flower garden hand in baud when, a cab pulled up at the front gate. A gentlemanly fellow of tanned'visage jumped out. My partner gave an exclamation of wonder and ran to receive the evidently important visitor. Annoying was the scone that followed. In a moment he had locked my fair one in his arihs and kissed her over aud oyer again. I was flabber gasted, and I daresay , could not' help showing tho state'of my feelings. Nor was I mollified in the least when the light of my life, all flurried and flushed, introduced the stranger to me . as her " long-absent cousin." " Indeed," I faltered out, but was soon relieved from further faltering by the old lady , herself receiving her nephew, at the hall door quite as heartily as her daughter. I" fancied myself mri the ...way, and thought the; .'sooner .1- bade,.my fair.one good-bye the better ; so mustering up all my courage and good''nature I hastily .took my leave, yet expressing my usual hope of meeting again soon. • i' CHAPTER III. Sly dream of love was now disturbed, and all sorts of phantoms plagued both my ' waking and my . sleeping hours. Business became a mere matter of rou tine; and the pleasure and exercise of my hobby intermittent. ' True, I endeavored at times to change the desponding -turn of my thoughts by speuding odd hours in a little rustic summer-house in our back garden which I had adapted to my photographic requirements. It was here I kept uiy apparatus and chemicals, and printed from my negatives^ the many pretty bits I had roamed .the country, side to secure. In fact, this was now iny chief solace, and.an hour or two duplicate! ing these pleasant souvenirs of my past rambles would really wheedle me again into happiness and hope. Blessings on photography, thought I. Yet, I. must own that at 'the sight of . my darling's figure a pang would shoot through me aud make me feel-giddy for.the moment. "Confound the notion," I would .in voluntarily exclaim to myself., ""What can it he that lurks with such ominous suggestions about the lone figure?"' The sight of au apparition would have been satisfactory, but this unseeable something that insinuated* its subtle essence among my thoughts called up ogres innumerable. " I—I was mistaken. I thought " changed its complexion with the mood and cireumstauces-'of the time. Could it really-after all mean that I, with my sun-browned face and well worn photo-baggage," had at first glance startled my fair one, and called ' up the notion that she had unexpectedly; come on her " long-absent cousin ? " * This idea took hold of me and worked out further mischief. At length I re solyed to test its accuracy the first time my love arid I should meet. In a few days we met, hut I did not feel at ease somehow. My lady-love, I thought, was a trifle shyer than usual, and. eventually when.I hinted my notion about our first meeting to her she flushed' at the deli cately put impeachment; I felt from that moirient I was being . Supplanted in my love. . ,\ " .. . Then I was rash enough to say that befoi'e ever seeing-rae she must .have had a secret, yearning for her " long-absent cousin." "'V- \ '' * AI-' "You wrong me," she. said firmly. "Then will you explain," said I, for 1 was now serious, and meant to sift the matter thoroughly—" Will you explain the meaning of your words during our first journey together." The question seemed to "hurt her considerably, and brought shame in her face, much to my chagrin, for I now realised-; pry iri eonsiderateness. Yet she returned .to the charge with great determination: of coun tenance. "My words," she said, "hada far different meaning from what you seem to think they had." "Indeed," queried I, a little sharply, for I was laboring both under jealousy and irritation, and rashly pressed for ward to the point by asking, " Then wii.ltjjwas tho meaning of your behaviour on coim'tiC '"to the train, and of your subsequent expression about tbo matter. You remember,"you a?hed to be excused, and further said, ' I was njistekon, I I thought.' " Her answer came like a thuudefriojt.. " Y011 may have it," cried she, coloring: again to the eves, and firing up with indignation, " vos, you may. Your rudeness provokes me to give utterance to my first impression of you. You and yoiir'littlc brown bag at once suggested to me that you were a vole catcher, and that your bag might be full of the horrid little creatures." Heaven protect -us. To think that I, a rambling"picture-hunting photographer should appear such an ogre as to blanch tho beauty of au augel's cheek. I wait home that night iu heart rending- grief, and became almost fit for Saughtou Asylum. I sought out all my photos and photographing apparatus, went out with them to my dark room in the hack garden, gathered all my things in a heap, savagely cut into shreds the little brown camera hag (I groan over it yet), took a bottle of sulphuric other from the shelf and saturated the lot with its contents. Then striking a match I pitched it wickedly on the accumulated mass. It blazed in a moment to the roof, and drove me to the open air gasp ing with the hot fumes of the ether, and before I could realise my position the summer-house was in flames. The whole neighborhood soon became alarmed. Someone telephoned for the fire engine, but before it uvrived tho sumuier-kousc and photographic material were one heap of smouldering ashes. Yet tho firemen directed their hose to the smoking debris. In pure devil-me careness I laughed uproariously at the water spout, realising so vividly the saying, '' like pouring water oil a drowned mouse." The water, however, was needed to cool the exciteuieut of my neighbors ; but it never cooled their wrath. I found that inextinguishable, and I eventually, in stern indignation, removed from tho neighborhood. I never regained the love of my hobby, and as for the love of my heart, ah, well, I daresay you'll have guessod that the bro.vn-faced hawk flew away with my dove. Now ray secret's out, my fast friends, and vour blackmailing powers to an end. 