fS THE BAB PABLOR. 'Life,' wailed tie Worm, 'ia made np of disappointment*. I know ot a mm who bas been dis appointed so mwy times in tbe expectation of a legacy to be left him by his aunt dint when at last a large blue envelope arrived with a aoHcitor'e stump npon it be simply placed it upon the shelf and left it r,hi- rw '? 'fie bad not mnoh ooriositr,' remarked the Government Honse Man. Disappointed lives are more die septic tbftn carious yon know. Anyway, having occasion to leave Sobart in a burry — there web a lady in the case — he raised enonph of the needful and disappeared, leaving bis letter behind him. It lay there unnoticed for Bome days until another of the same sort turned op, and then his landlady opened the pair of them. Tke first contained ap intimation to tbe effect that bis signature was re quired for acknowledgement to some fifteen hundred or so.' 'Was ibis his legacy F' asked the Athletic Han. 'Part of it, a mere trifle, a first instalment. The second was a peremptory reqnest not to keep business back. He has been ad vertised for in the usual manner ia Melbourne and Sydney, bat witb the vision of an affiliation case before him takes no notice of the ads. even if be sees them. It is a pity though for since he has gone ' WTell, if be hears of it now, he may como back,' remarked tbe Sporting Exporter. ' Aud do well by the lady P' 'Ite odds on that he don't. They never do.' ? # ? ' Taamanians, or at least the pre sent lot in power,' observed the Insignificant Man, ' have a bappy knack of defeating their own ends by selfishness. They go 'on their own ' as they call it, and* as is the case always when each man goes for himself instead of working col lectively, disastrous results follow. Moreover, a deal of whining is in dulged in which had better be left alone. We would be fed with a spoon.' 'How can yon reconcile too tnch opposite statements ?' BBked Jim the Lnney. ' I do not attempt to reconcile anything. I merely .make a state ment. In Victoria they are anzions to know whether or not Tasmania wants the West Coast, because if the Tasmanians have no need for tbe wealth contained in tbe land take it over.' ' That will never do,' said the Snnday Man. 'Tasmania for the Tasmauians yon know.' ' At present it is very mnch so. We are always seeking to advertise tbe resoortes of tbe island one way and to hide onr candle under a bushel the other way. Now in London for instance if a Tasmanian mixes with the general rack of humanity he is snrronnded by crowds of people canons to learn all a bout oar island.' 'There is the Agent- Gederal's office,' suggested the Snnb Editor. '? As good they weDt to France. It is a subject about which no small amount of matter might be written. We pay a man to take op the billet of Agent-General, and nothing can be got oat of him ex cepting work which the office boy conld do.' ' Wonld you make him a walking encyclopedia P' ' I wonld ; at any rate be could go near it. I know that hundreds of good commercial men conld be fonnd to take up such a position And be able to furnish every infor mation reqnired about the colony. The minutest details should be at hand concerning every indnstry, even to the geological forma UUUB Ul LUC Lbl&HU.; ' You would require a genius,' said the Bottleholder. ' I would not. Any intelligent man could collect any inforiaation reqnired in a week and have retnrns sent him monthly to substantiate it. But like all other of our political jobs we go to the wall tu provide goti billets for incapable men.' ' At any rate we are secure in the knowledge of being ablo to an nihilate an enemy if one came along,' remarked the Publisher. 'How prayP' aakek the 8npb Bflitor. 'With Lieutenant Parker and bis torpedf launch.- He wonld an nihilate anything with that.' ' He presents a warlike front at times,' said tie Gloomy May. 'I alwayi tremble when io his pre sence. Top new knows what these war-dogi may do when (hey are roused.' 'How would he shine on an armor-plated team oar travelling down Sandy Bay to meet the toe ?' queried the Worm, 'It wonld be terrible for the foa,' observed the Bottleholder. ? ? ? ' I went to see Trilby on its opening night,' eaid the Govern ment Honse Man, 'and of coarse tbe theatre was crowded.' ' It always is when a good com pany comes along,' said the Athletic Man, 'Just so, and one lady at the back fainted in tbe crash. It took a good spell to get her ont of that, I can tell yon.*' ' Were there no escape doors ?' ' Thtre was a large door haudy bnt it was locked in case of acci dente. With the aid of a screw driver or something it was at last opened s&d; the lady taken oat into the air.' 'Who is responsible for this sort of thing, pray?' asked the Editor. 'The police should look to it. There is a bye-law to* the effect that alley- ways and escape doors at every public assemblage shonld be kept clear in case of a poiiic, Una ii/ in van aaty oi Doe saperviser of the police regulations to see that orders are given to that effect.' ' Why is it not done P' ' WeU, if an accident did take place, I suppose there conld be no possibility of obtaining any redress against the ' influence ' that works rmgs within rings P'1 'Not until nBit elections. If voters are not led away by the fawning of aspirants for parliamen tary honors, they will have a list of requests readied up which the members when elected will have to attend to.' 'Why keep screeching out for reform P Yon are like a shrieking agitator.' ' I am not. We have sat down quietly and seen public men bleed the conytrv long enough. If it were not for the waate going on here each week Tasmania would not be half way into debt as she is. The latest clap-trap business is to yell out for the taxation of capital, when there is not the slightest idea of doing anything of the kind ' ' What is it done for them P' ' To draw attention off the drain which is going on elsewhere, and the neglect of duty which follows. It is only when come dreadful calamity happens and serions loss of life occurs that a little stir is made, and then it is allowed to simmer quietly away again. In fluence and family ties pull the wires, and as neither is possessor of a conscience this wretched state of things goes on.' 'Ah, we live in Tasmania,' sighed the |Worm, ' and that ex plains everything.' ? ' We live amongst a lot of puppete in office whom we are com pelled to put up with,' eaid the Editor, ' and that is called Tas mania.' ? ? * ' Tbe ghost is gone,' said Jim the Lnney, ' but his memory will remain with ns for many a day.' ?' Many a uigbfc yon mean.' re marked the Barmaid. ' Many a night then if you like. Jt was only the other erening that the subject came np again. A lady living up Macquarie-street way, whose husband did not get home from work until it was dark, would not put her nose outside the door at all. She got in everything she wanted before dark. Jfow tbe other evening she was disturbed by a mysterious knocking at her front door. She listened and all was stall. Just ae she began to imagiue that it was only faucy it recom menced with renewed vigor. Tremblingly she faltered, ' Who's there '(' but there was no reply and the knocking wats continued. Again she asked the same question and re ceived no answer. ' You might as well tell me who yon ere,' she ex plained -o the visitor, 'for you'll not get the door opened unless you do.' Still there was no response and after awLile the knocking was transferred to tbe back door. This would never do. JutL as sbe was preparing for flight by the front I way a Sudden rapping at both b»ok and front fairly dried npt-er veins in^jonror, and she shrieked 'polioe* and things. Then her husband, who had arriv.ed, called (-ut to kpow what was the matter. 'I don't believe ii is foil,1 said the lady from with* in, * it is some trick being played upon me.' Her busband finding the front door closed, took hitneelf around by the back, and (here he .saw a man standing, knocking. He spoke to the stranger but re ceived no reply. Walking over to him he again aooosted him and found that he was stone deaf. He had called at the honse imagining that someone else lived there and not hearing tbe lady but seeing a light, had gone around the back to make inquiries.' ' Women are to be pardoned for being afraid of ghosts,' said the Barmaid, 'There are bo many ghosts of men stalking over the face of the earth jnst now.' ' Gbojts of women yon mean,' replied the Gloomy Man. 'Do yon know what Marie Correlli cays about the sex r1 No? Well, just listen to this passage of hers: — ?' As females of the race women are usefal in their way, fbut not inte resting at any time. ' I never look upon the ordinary woman of tbe day, withont the disagreeable con scionsnesfl that I am beholding the living essence of sensualism and folly.' How is that for high P' ' Perhaps as a neglected blue stocking she has occasion to feel the bitterness of man's indiffer ence,' retorted the Barmaid. ? ? ? ' There is a certain section of the population of Hobart,' remarked the Police Court Reporter, ' who appear to regard the ordinary con stable as a being created to be made a football of one moment and to be afraid of the next.' ' I always considered that our men in blue were to be looked to for our protection,' said the Pub lisher. ' And so they arc, else why are they here P But, as I eaid, there is a large section of us who wage war upon society by living upon its excrescences. On Tuesday morning an unfortunate female asked Con stable Bobinson to do her a good turn hy knocking up tke gentleman friend who occupied the tenement she was compelled to pay rent for. She stated that this specimen of manhood suffrage had locked her oat in the cold and left her tb-r ?. The constable at once complied, and after some trouble induced the amiable personage to open.' 'Which showed that he knew his bnsineee,' said Jim the Lnney. ' Certainly. He didn't want the yonng woman to be wandering about in the cold ronud his way. Wei:, the next night he w»s accosted by the gentleman io question, whose name by tbe way is Baton, and (old with many expressions more or less obscene that sausage meat wouldn't be in with Bobinson's carcase when he was done with him. He flew at him like a wild beast, bat met his namesako, which came out of the oversmash pocket promptly to the call of duty, and rattled merrily off his cocoannt.' ' Quito a high jig time,' observed the Sunday Man. ' Quite; well, some of them com ing to his assistance, Baton was duly shot in and fined 50s. in the morning. ' A small tine- for brutality,' observed the Government Hoaee Man. ' It is a difficult nuttterto know what to do ia euch cises. Some ft tbese fellows do not commit a crime oi sufficient magnitude to en title them to a long eenrence, uni a week or two inside the jug dops them no good.' ' Does them a lot of good I should tay,' said the Insignificant Man. ' They come out fat.' ' I mean it does not im prove their after conduct. And as in many cases the tines are paid by the unfortunate women there is little to be gained by it, PerhapB tbe most galutory lessou to be learned after atl ia that received whilst the culprit is engaged in committing fin assault npon the policeman. It generally lasts the lougest.' ' When he strikes a snag 1 sup pose,' observed the Worm. ? ? ♦ ' T'p at Bothwell, that place of giddy scflnduls and sassiety esca padei,' siid the Sunday Man, 'tlieiv is a party whose name in Whiskers.' 'What'-, his other name P' asked the Worm. 'History roconntet.h not. Bnt be is sustfjptible to the tender pas won injh- shape of a widower's housekeeper npon whom he paid aMiduonB attentions. He nieitlv wpaired to her dwelling aD5 wfortfed for his Jove, whTsome didn't. The other night it 7m raining pitilessly, and Whishera waflMnsual pacing up and down whistling for his sweety bat an I hour went by and still she came ' not. A gentleman came along and asked a boy where his father wag Whiskers had the satisfaction of hearing the Jjoy reply, ' Oh, he'sir, tbe bedroom painting Jane'B throat., Whisker* went home and changed his clothes.' 