JpULCIE EVERTON. ; vSar' MRS. JLiXRWr, LINTON', i ; luttorof-«Ihe True History of Joshua Davidson," "My Love," «< Under w ' ' . , Lord," "Ono Too Many," &o.; 'C'i'i ALL QUEENSLAND R10I1TS RESERVED. ' .V - CHAPTER CotU inuedi,) Thus, it -will : bo - seen that roally a farden party, .where no man flirted with mother man's wifo,; and no brazen hussy of a girl tried to win tho heart of mother woman's husband— whoro Jealousy was us rudimontary -.its tho intellectual faculties of a baby, and tlio larkcr passions 'came to no deopcr shade than dovo-colour for blhck— such n gimlcn-party as this was but a tamo vilair in) these higlily-spiceti; days of turs, when tho under-current funs long with such headlong speed, and tho Ton Commandmonts are swept away by its force as straws in a stream. Perhaps thoro -woro potentialities — who knows? It' is only by trial that things prove themselves,' unil smokeless powder has tbo same explosive strength ns the other kind, Thoro was DulcicEvcrton, for oxnmplo —untried, undeveloped, untested ino very, way. "Who know what latent force might not ho lying -within her, lik'o tho iturlcd orozior head of a future fom-? — like tho uiihatched bird in tho ' dumb egg ? As things wore, sho was just a swect-tempoiod, unselfish, affectionate girl, with no dominant characteristic of resonant dr rccondito sort. Call her a good girl or an amiable one, and there you wore. You had no moro to say ; for timo and opportunity had us yot been wantiug to provo tho real quality of hor nature. Tlio old captain had no othor word for hor than : ' Ay, she's a bravo lass ;' and Porey Merritt had ex hausted ovon liis abundant vocabulary and come to tho end of liis analytical tether when he said ' Charmingly in genuous — a sweet feast of innocent solf- nnconsciousness.' Even the father and mother, who had watehed her gradual development from tho cradle up to now — even they had no more definite idea concerning her than this of universal acceptance : ' un selfish, amiable, affectionate.' As for Aston, if ho had analysed his feelings and thoughts, lio would huvc eomo to tho bottom fact of both ; 'unsolfish, amiablo, affectionate of course — horn, into tho world for nothing olso than to obey her father, tako core of hor mother, and attend to every whim and wish of his, her lordly brother. All this -was true to nature ; for while us yot in tho hud one curled up crozior- licad is very like another, arid you cannot for tho lifo of you toll whether tho ogg you hold in your hand will'hateh out a brooding, clucking, peaccnblo . Dame Partlett, or a lordly, strutting, comhativo young chanticleer. All things wont on in tlieir usual course. Tho Drowns, Joneses, and Robinsons wcro riiildly amused and amcnnblo to regulations. Tho young mon served well or illaccordingto ability; tho girls volleyed close or wide according to theirs. Tho muscular young curato did his oecumenical spooning with discretion ; the older ladies looked on und noted, and tho older men a littlo envied him his fleotness of step and his eutliolicity of taste. . Luoinda Ware, who affeoted him — this discreet young curuto, Adolphus Tyson — was loss sulky and uncomfortable than usual ; hut Mrs. Amanda Potts aimed hor spiteful little shafts at.men in general and husbands in particular — and moBt of nil, her own husband, as an outrageous specimen of tho whole class — just as sho had done many times thoso dozen years, Percy Merritt talked woak nosthoticisjns to Mrs. Grantliiy, and Mrs. Gmntloy found him both tircsomo and inano. And thoro was ovor all a general atmos phere of steam and of exertion, and of dump young inon mop ping themselves with inadequate pockct- handkerciofs, and fair-eomploxioned girls, whoso roses had run up to unbe coming peonies. Tho tea, loirionridc, strawberries, und claret cup . wero all at a premium ; and, hut for tho wasps and midges, the afternoon would havo been perfect. But wasps and midges havo to bo reckoned, with as well us ripo fruit and shady trees ; and oven at a garden party all is not gold without alloy. Tho afternoon was drawing to a close, and tho last set was being played. Already somo of tbo moro distant of tho guests had dopartod for their respective homes, whori a dogcart drove up tho avenue — that beautiful limc-troc avenue which was ono of the most precious ornaments of tho hall. . Tho dogcart drew up at tho porch; a man jumped out, and eamo across tho flower garden and tho broad walk to tlio lawn whore tho party had assembled ; and,. -in another mo(mont, Martin Harrowby was shaking hands with Mrs. Evertou and Dulcio, and asking tho squiro how he did, without waiting for un answer or cxpooting to havo'oue. . . ;. Yes, it was thoir friend and neigh bour, Martin Hurrowby, sure enough— Dulcio's forincr playmato arid tormentor — but heavens ! how terribly ho liad changed! Ho had loft homo rather tnoro' than a your ugo, a careless, luippy, fair-faced young fellow, who, save in tho loss of his father, had novcr known a day's sorrow— for his mother had diod so long ago as to ho now a disused pnug and a forgotten grief. IIo. cnine back grave, pre-oeoupied, with a gray kind of shodo ovor his faco, a network of 'wrinkles about his mouth and fore- hoad, and a curiously wild look of sadneBS in his . oyes, which mado one's own heart sad to seo. Ho seemed liko ono who has looked into tho face of Doath and road tho soorots of tho other 'lifo — liko ono who has stood in tho imagicion'B oirelo and soon tho shupo of his destiny hurry by nud heard tho fatal words of doom. All tho youth and elasticity of sdul that he took away with him scorned to. havo boon burnt out of him, and to havo rendered back only tho husk of his former self. Ho was Martin Harrowby truly; hut -with a difference that praotically separated his present self from his past. ' I did not know you woro coming homo, Martin. When did you eomo?' asked Mrs. Everton in hor sweet placid way,. Late "last , night,' he answered. : You, BC%fIfhaY6;looitime?in-.comiiig to seo you,! ho added a littlo fever ishly. ; r ' ' That was good . of . you," returned Dulcio's mothor, smiling. .. v ' , ' Arid how is my old clmm and play fellow ?'.' asked Martin; turning abruptly to Dulcio. ' , . His manner indeed was abrupt all through, as is. tho.'caso with a man wlioso nature' is - strained, and who is forcing au appearance of interest while the reality lies far honce. ' Oh,- I/ani all right,' said Dulcio, prosaically. ' But'' I cannot say that you. look very well, Martin. Are you well? Have you been ill ?' fill? No ! What rubbish ! ' ho said, a littlo hurriedly, aud more'tlinu a littlo rudoly. . It was as if tho question annoyed him —as if lie didriot euro to bo taken stock of and. observed too closoly, even by old friends and in affection. ' Perhaps it is the climate,' . said Mrs. Everton, with a fine generosity of generalisation, meant to ho liko tlio cloak of charity,- reaching over all pos- siblo ; contingencies. ' A hot sun burns one,' said Martin. And. then an inexplicable 'something eamo into his-fnee, and ho turned away his eyes as if lie saw something, that gave him pain. Evidently the hot sun had 'burnt hiiu ; and ho was conscious of the smart. ' ' Where have you come from last ?-' asked Dulcio, inuoeeiitly ignorant — un suspectingly obtuse. ' I have been in Morocco and Algiers,' replied Martin, evading a direct answer. ' What good -would it he to tell her that lie hud halted in Paris for two mouths on his way home ; and tit on, instead of crossing over to England, hiul turned buck its far as Mcntono, whence indeed lie had just arrived? What good to tell them aught that would give them tho slenderest thread as a clue to his miserable secret ? ' How delightful !' saiil Dulcio, whoso heart silently nourished tho unavailing wish to travel and sco foreign lands and customs. 'Yes; Tangicrs is interesting. So is Algiers,' said Martin. Then, not enring to he further put to tho question ho turned to the group sitting or standing under tho hornbeam, discussing such . of tlieir neighbours as wcro beyond earshot and finding most of tho social way from Dan to Dcorshcba a moral waste. And but ono thought passed liko on electric spark- from each to each : — ' How wretchedly ill Martin Har rowby looks ! What on ourth has ho done to himself? Tho nton looks liko a ghost, or its if ho had been iri hospital for a month ! He used to linve rather good manners ' — neighbours in n country place never itllow. themselves to become enthusiastic about ono another — ' and now he is so abrupt and indifferent as to ho quite boorish. . Ho never sooms to hear what is said to him ; and what a disagreeable way he lias of looking over one's lioad when one speaks to him, IIo seems only half thoro ; and it is horrid !' But grumble as thoy might, und speculate as to causes as they would, no ono got a hint or indication out of Martin. Ho wns 'changed, as tlioy all saw and said ; but thoy hud to content themselves with tlio fact, and lot tho explanation sottlo itself. And this re ticence, scorning to point as it did to a secret, not to sny mystery, mndo Martin Hurrowby, tho once popular young1 squire of Hayes Itill, porhnps tho most unpopular man ill tlio wholo district. Thoy all .tried to ' draw ' him. Mr. Gmntloy threw out toutativo hints ns to tho holy iniluouce which tho church' can oxerciso on a mind diseused, and Mrs. Grantlcy lamonted tlio loss to a young man of his. mother, when lio is in trouble. Mr. Everton spoko in general terms of reprobation of thoso who suffer private griofs to interfere witli public duties, and maintained tlio grand power of hcaliug lyiug ill magis terial work nud tho county council. Some of tho prettier girls looked as if they would liavo accepted tlio office of consoler and light-boaror at a. moment's notice ; and somo of the young mon ventured on chaff, which for tho most part thoy did not repeat. The old sea dog winked bis loft cyo,- nud said confidoritly and confidentially— 1 Eor t'wopoiico— a potticoat ! Thoro's n woman in tho ca'so or my name's not George Jones.' So it might- or might not ho. All tlioy know wns that Martin wont into magisterial and local work with a kind of dogged attention to his dutioB that considerably discomposed, .bocnuso it distanced,- his comrades nud companions ; and that 'he rode about tho lanes like a demon rather than a sober county gontloman— which mado . tho yokels wondor wliothcr ho wore a hit soft or drunk.. And ovor thoro rested on liis faco that haunted look of a man whoso oyos havo peered into tho world boyond tho grave, and who onn. nover forgot tho things ho has soon and heard. Ho was liko ono who had lost his soul. Tho body was there, alive and sound ; tho mind was thoro, activo and nlort ; hut that othor something — that thing wo call our soul, our spirit, had loft him nnd reduced him to a hit of clover mechanism — an automatic organism, with hut littlo self-consciousness nnd still loss re sponsibility. So ho wandered on tliat way wo call life, performing his civic duties -with pajnful regularity, bcoauso with that painftil indifference of a moral kind which showed how purely mechanical and funotional they wero. As a magis trate ho wus noither harsh nor loniont, hut Rhadamanthino in his inflexible nd- horence to tho law as laid down by authority. If that law wore clastic and allowed of his discretion, bo turned the Boalo porhaps one-quarter degree to tho side of mercy, hut in general he seemed not to know that suoh a thing as pity existed, or that the oulprit bofore him' was a human boing of sentiont nerves and' inner feelings. It was ns a. dead man the living — a ghost item- the tomb awarding -fines' and penalties to those he had left behind in the flesh! All this -made him- an eorio kind of personage in the placo where once he had been the blithest companion and tho liglitest-hcarted iiierry-makor of them oil. And ho could not be ignored — not loft alono, as a smaller man might have been. A restricted country sooicty cannot afford to boycott one of its most influential members becnuso ho looks moro molaneholy than other people liko, and becuuso ho will not niako publio confession of what has so strangely altered him from his' former self. To ho suro, lio gavo tho neighbours but- little cause to weury of him ; for, snvo. to tho Evcrtons, he rarely went to any family in tho plnco or joined in any of the amusements. And when he did go ho was ' no acquisition,' as Liicinda Wore said sourly; ; : - ' Thus, ho had to ho taken on his own terms, or not at all ; arid -thoso terms were, undisguised; indifference 'to one and all, and tho coriscious possession of something which lio' kept to himself and imparted to no one. The doctor hinted at -melancholia; and this by . degrees got to ' he tho rc- 'coived opinion. Poor Martin Harrowby wns certainly losing his mind, and his end would probably he— suicide. Meanwhile, tho kindly hoped and tho dramatic exaggerated ; and Martin's ap proaching insanity became a kind of test ousts in Greon Lanes as to the' amount of ovideuco which tho normal man, not to speak of woman, requires before jumping to conclusions anil landing heavily, on unproved -certainties.--' Tho- Evcrtons nlone scouted tlio theory ns both : in- jurious and ridiculous ;\iud people said it was wicked of tiiem to " ilo so, arid a flying in the face of. Providenco nil ibuind. Anil for people who possessed suoh higli'. principles its. they 'did, it was doubly wrong, arid ''calculated to bring down a judgment on them — as it would, sooner or later. to be continued. 