ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the council of the Zoolo- gical Society of New South Wales was held in the boardroom at the Gardens yesterday afternoon. The Hon. R.H.D. White, M.L.C., occupied the chair, and there were also present Captain Ghest, Dr. Randall, Messrs. Charles Moore, James Barnet, John Keep, W. Coles, and W. H. Catlett (secretary). The secretary' s report showed that the receipts from the gates for the past three weeks amounted to £78 13s 3d, from the elephant to £2 10s 9d, and from the donkey and pony to £1 7s 6d, making a total of £82 19s 6d. The gate money represented the admission of 3818 visitors, of whom 2175 were adults and 1343 children. In addition to these, 172 school children, accompanied by eight teachers, had visited the Gardens. The bank pass-book showed a credit bjlaneo oi ¿G31 Us id Accounts amounting to £169 Js lud wero passed for payment Iho superintend eut s report stated that the health of the animals was ¿cod A lotter was read from Sonor Xavier do Brito, president of the Ivution ii _<ocict> uf Acclimatisation of Kio do Tincirn, piopoGin^ au exchaugo of zoologi- cal uni botanical Bpecimens, and thanking tho society for having elected lum an honorary correa ponding member Iho suggcstiou was accepted, and it was resolved to ask lum to make arrange- ments for chipping bpecimens to Australia Mr Alfred G Wilson wrote from Buluwayo Matobeleland otTenng rare opecimons of animals and reptiles to the society It was resolved to inquire as to tertiiB Reference was made to the death since the last meeting of the president of tim aocietv, Sir llonry Pukes, and it was resolved on the motion of Mr Challes Moore seconded by Dr .Randall, to solid a letter of symputhv with the widow and /.truth A letter was reeoi .ed from the Principal Under becietar} enclosing a roport bv Mr Quinnell, bon Veterinär} surgeon to the society m tho course of which lio made a numl crot senousebnrges in regard to tho management of the society Mr Qumncll attend that the animals wero not sufficiently fed, that the lood was of au unsuitable nature, ami poor in quantity and quality He further said that meat hu t been used winch, under ordinary circumstances, would havo b«cn condemned, and reierred to the in- sufficiency of nccon n odatiou nnd the «¡competency of the general management J be report al"o etated that the health of tho animals was entirely uns itis tacton, and that the death rato was excessively high Anothei lotter was received irom Mr Quinnell, in which he tendered his resignation 1 he secretar} submitted a draft copy of a reply in which ho gavo figures to show that tho death rate waa not high, the average having been only i slightly exceeded during tho unprecedented heat in I January Iho health of the animnlB was food, and in rcgird to the want of better accommodation the council had been urg ng this mattor ou the Govern- ment for years past iho superintendent's report stated that Mr Quiunell when spoken to m regard to a matter gavo it as his opinion that the society should appoint a paid veterinary surgcou Discussion followed, m the course of which the members of the council domed the allegations nnd astoiushmeut was expressed at the action or Mr Quimioll m appicaching the Government without having mado any complaints to tho council It was resolved not to accept the resignation at the present juncture j«d a sub committee was appointed con- sisting of TIDII II II D White Dr Randall, Mr Tames Inglis, mid the sncretarv, to reply to tho com- munication ihe following donations to tho collection of the society smco tho last meeting were reported -Four mallee buds, by Mr ii D Donkin threo emus, bv Dr Pockloy one baie, by Master C Wilson , one kangaroo rat, by Mrs HCDUCBS} , two molly hawks, by Mr W UOUEO one wallaroo and four wbite rat», hy Mr i fa Morgan, one native companion, by Mr L C Ituesoll-Joues, M L A 