-FOOTBALL. The football season ended on Saturday last. Tbe final matches on the Qi^ion Ground were in aid of the funds of toe Rockhamptoo Hos pital and Ladies' Benevolent Society. Though the attendance was not so large as the occa sion and the capital programme warranted, stilt it was good, the takings amounting to £32 12s. 6d., which will be augmented by the Government eobsidy to nearly £100, a nioe little Bum to divide between the two institu tions. A good many members paid for admis sion instead of uaing their tickets, and had anyone from either institution been present to assist the men at tbe gate, no doubt the takings would have been still larger. The weather waa perfect, and the programme was carried oat very satisfactorily. The cycling race was won by J. M. Jones (115 yards), with O. Kiogel (140 yards) second, and W. K. Cleeve (55 yank) third. There was no prize, and as it was quite evident some of tbe starters were not ' trying ' very hard, it may be hoped the handicappers will not penalize those wfap did ' try ' and got nothing for it. The fancy dress parade was not eo good as it might have been, but several members appeared in fanciful costumes and gave the attair & g&y; appearance. The opeoiog match between the ' Gondo liers' and ' Pirates w was «. very close contest indeed, neither side being able to score. Two or three old players found their ** crank ' legs give way, but otherwise everything went off smoothly. At the last moment it was found that two or three who had been largely instrumental in arranging the 'lutf-h, were conspicuous by their absence, and as these were the very men who were expected to furnish the comic element ia die contest, their absence was rather unfair to the public. The match between tbe Old Wanderers and Old Berserkers was very interesting. One had only to glance at the broad backs and 'aldennanic proportions' of many of the players to recognise how a few years of ease changes an athlete into a portly personage, exceedingly short in the wind. There were a tew exceptions, and on those tbe bulk of the work fell. Had Pratten. who is not an old time Wanderer, been oat of the team the game would have been very close, bat as it was the Wanderers had the beat of it right through, and when their line was occasionally in danger they defended it splendidly. A. S. Tom peon scored two tries for the Wanderers, one of which was convened, and VT, Eaton one for tbe Berserkers, so the game ended in favour of the Wanderers by eight paints to three. The Lake's Creek Club sent a seam to Mount Morgan last Saturday to play tbe Harriers, the premier dab of the season. This playing of a match between the premier clabe of the Moant Morgan and Rock ham p- may be hoped will be followed in future years. On Saturday the Lake's Creek team proved too good for their opponents and won by sixteen points to nS. The tries were obtained by Kelly. Sapsford. M'Gnrrin, and Tilbury, two of these being converted by St. Ledger. The Creek team are thus not only the premiers of Rockhampton, but champions of the district. The final match amoegst the Briliuh Association junior teams was played at Gawarral on Saturday, and ended in a win for tbe Lake's Creek team. The Creek players have thus iron the senior and junior competitions, a success they are naturally very proad «£ A Gawarral correspondent writes :— The final matcb Tor the junior cap, under Aiisociff tion rales, took pluce oo Saturday at CawarraJ, between the Cawanal and Lake's Creek Clubs, in the presence of a large number of specta tors. The Lake's Creek Band accompanied the team aad played at intervals daring the day, greatly adding to the enjoyment of the occasion. Of the five junior clubs compe ting these two had won their tiea and so a bard game waa expected. The Creek cap tain won the toss and decided to pl&y; down hill with a strong breeze in his favour. The play dating the first half was confined to the Ctiwarral half of the ground and the Creeks succeeded in putting two golas to their credit At times the Gawarral forwards would break away and one nice ran by H. Broadhunt and Smithson brought the ball well np where it was nicely centred, aad T. West kicked it through. Just before half time a Cawarral player fouled tbe ball in front of the goal and the referee gave a penalty kick, but the goil keeper, C Ogilrie, saved splendidly, and the goal was freed from danger. No further scoring took place daring this hall In the second half the wind had died away, but nevertheless the play was transferred to the Creek half, and shortly after from some fine passing EL Broadhurst Bent in the finest shot of the day, the ball going through at the corner of the bar. From this on Cawarral had the game in their favour, but were very unfortunate at goals. A nice run by the Creek right and tbe ball was placed in front of Cawarral goal, and tbe half-back failing to kick the ball was rushed through. No farther scoring took place and the game ended. Creeks, 3; Cawarral, 2. For the winners, the back division was by far the stronger, aud to it the Creeks are in debted for winning the game. For the losers the forwards played well together, and were greatly assisted by A- OgDvie at back. Chiefly by tbe exertions of Mrs. Ogilvie tbe boys aim band were entertained to lunch and also to refreshments after the game was over. She spared do pains in getting the marquee in order, and in seeing that everyone was properly at tended to. Some dissatisfaction was caused by player* over eighteen years of tge playing. The Association was formed to encourage junior players, and a limit of eighteen years w&s; decided on. The Cawarral team were all within the limit, although the Creek objected to one player after objection had been taken to some of their players. This will be a matter for the Association to decide as it was well understood that juniors only were to compete. Mr. Oswald gave every satisfaction as referee. In the evening the band was entertained to supper by Mr. G. Boyd. Tbe football season of 1696 was brought to a condusi )U at Adelaide on Saturday week, when tbe Natives met and easily defeated the Ports. Taken as a whole the year was an ansati&factory; one, the only redeeming feature being the brilliant play of the South Ade aides, who scored an easy first, while the nurwuvut were secoao. ±oe rorta leii to roe very bottom of the list, the North Adelaides being third, and the Natives foarth. A meeting of the Sydney Busby Union was held on Saturday last. Mr. J. J. Calvert, president, occupied the chair, aod he was supported by Messrs. R. A. Arnold, W. M. Arnold, J. F. Macmanamey, J. Wood, C. J. Danehey. and W. A. Rand (secretary to the union). The principal bnsinesa was the pre sentation of trophies in connection -with the various competitions. The Association Cricket Ground Challenge Cup and premieralup medals were handed over to Mr. J. M'Mahon on behalf of Bandwicfe Football Club. The Agricultural medals won by Wentworth F.C. were received by Mr. S. Brown; the first junior medals, won by Newtown, were received by Mr. C J. Dantbey ; second junior, won by Mercantile, and received by Mr. T. D. Byan ; third junior, Kedfern-Waratab, Mr. Howe, and foarth junior, and Woolahra, junior, Mr. Stockholm. Mr. Arnold moved— ?? That it is in the beat interests of football that the New South Wales Rugby Football Union dissociate itself from tbe control and manicemeut of club football, and that in future its opera tions be confined to the control of football throughout the colony, the promotion and management of inter-union matches and inter colonial trusting', and to act as a court of Appeal' Mr. J. Sanderson seconded, and the motion was carried. In closing the meeting the chairman said that he hoped in the future the players would follow the advice of Lord Hampden, when presenting the prizes at King's School, that they, the players, should go into the field more with the intention of kicking the football, not the referee. As a result of last Saturday's football matches iu Melbourne* CoUingwood and Sooth Melbourne, with whom the straggle for the premiership rested, finished the season with absolutely even points. The deciding metch between these dabs will Luke place on a date to be fixed by the association. CMOK GROUKD, 26lH SEPXEHBER. Thia is fUsomctiaii O«y ! hnny and be spry. All tbe old boys are «*tberintr far and nfjpi ; A glariaQa sun is yhminr; iri car hriTl**iTt f£iu i inliiml westber. And crowds bare come to welcome old heroes of the lemtfaec Kot poor pale ghosts resisting me glimpses of tbe They are real mtMta&taal; spectres, you win note, thS» afternoon; YoQTJaUo*meJosttowfcisperiil^ctImac±id«dore Tfc* bnvecld bqy» are tatter Han they wmindayi of y are. There'«»«KD£tiimgl£fl6 of ligturam. « Uk? run tram Here** a BomeCbing more of stnToesf, there's a some thing fees of ence ; And if they've got to wait a bit for brtatb. just now and then. The 'old boys' moot remember — they axe now more Once more the bare old allying cry is borne upon the And -Good old Berks- to taken op, and shamed far Oar Morn! wwnyfi lushing qaktfy, with a mvt4fr- answering tfariU, Acd ccbo aeema toarawe* back Cram Beraerfcer'j -dd There »re«itchinp eyes to u-atoh them, as they did in ' days of ywe. Though the eariiercrop of beauties has been liUBbaiKied before. And these bear wi& scornful wonder, of all the feats we say. The same old boys were doing ia that far back football . *ky When we apeak of runs aod ntthes, briBimnt gotfr cr ?Oxy tnm the sneny wonder «* their unbelieving «yn ; 'The king is dead; long live the king,' tfaeir meny Then -T^alasfaod»«4».a»dBanyi- axe the heroes of the day. WeD! among that danotteas army (here art two, I do' Who hsre oot been resurrected, they've got no bus. The 'hero of* a hundred lights,- irtal it lie doing If itfe not his astral body, it is really rather qaeer. Two charts omonRth*£ gaUent crew of glorious toot a»v^.ea'iWlw»ttoii»dori«torlTirtrioniciame. - Another I may mention in some tsethrii g?r1**r vvrrt ? For he* cast aside hit lanrela to delete hhna^l to Gone are the days, my gallant crew, that were «o young Another day has dawned foryoa, 'sic t™mt,'yootre aware. Bat though Hie youngsters fancy that your football The fact it quite apparent, they cm teach you nothing yet. Ware**. Sqruwcaob. 