Laying Aunt Drusilla. CHAPTER II. So Herbert Jennison was called ; Comma followed him. Her father and mother camo also, with tho vaguo idea that this might bo a plensing occasion, tho presentation to Aunt Drusilla of tho youth who hoped to becorue her grand- ne|)liew. Anything but a pleasing occasion I The old woman reared hor gaunt head, white-capped, and demanded^ to know if ho was tho grandson of Joel Jennison. Ho Wne T-Tnrl lin nvpr lif»ard of tllO laWSllit, i Brockway against Jonnison, in 1837 P Ho hail not. Tho old woman was ready to^ burst with venom ; sho scolded, screamod, hissed ; sho quoted Scripturo in tho lino of dismal prophecy and imprecation ; at last sho snatched off her nightcap and throw it at him. Holman Brockway hustled tho astounded lovers out; of tho room ; Sarah tried to l'ccom poso tho aunt's cap and temper, while tho hag kept on shrieking: 'They shan't marry! they shan't marry! I'll die and I'll liauut them?' Corinna was terrified ; sho clung to her lover, trembling and sobbing. Ho told hor that they ought not to mind tlio half-crazy words of a poor old woman ; Aunt Drusilla was outrageous, to be suro, but it was partly noryes ; she could not mean all sho said. ' Wo aro doing no wrong, so wo need not bo afraid of mon and ghosts,' Herbert com forted tho girl. ' Poor old creature, she can't walk whilo she lives and sho won't walk after sho is dead.' ? :$i' Do you suppose that she ever had anyone tiiat cored for her, Herbert?' ' I should think not.' ' Then I am sorry for( her, and I won't blame her too much. But, Horbort, I am afraid of her.' ' I guoss you'ro getting nervous yourself, Oorrino. Como, lot us sit down and road now.' They wero . reading aloud a ' Lifo of Goorgo Washington it appears sorially in ono of tho magazines. Herbert hod, that ovening, brought a now numbor from town. It was quite truo that Aunt Drusilln in all her lifo novor had a lover, never roooivod tho attentions and the protty spoechos that eauso a woman to value horself happily. Sho had always boon plain, solf-suilioing, even forbidding. But sho had one mo ment of vanity. Somo years boforo tho waggon of an itinorant pliotograplior bad broken down oil tho top of tho hill in front of hor liouso. It took hours to mond.it; and at noon tho man askod Miss Brockway if sho would givo him somo dinnor. In roturn ho would mako hor a photograph, cabinot size and nicely finished. Sho Bot a moal boforo him. Afterwards ho sighted hor with tho camera, put away the nogative, and promised to sond tho pioturo in a tow days. ' I guoss I ain't lilcoly to soo my own face without 'tis in tho looking-glass,' sho said cynically, as ho drovo away. But tko vagabond artist kopt his word aud sent hor tho photograph. ' I air^'t got nobody to givo it . to, an' I'll koop it mysolf. 'Tis wutli too much money, to throw away,' sho told Mrs. Dunn. Nobody imagined how greatly Miss Dru silla prized that picture, in which all tho wrinkles and soams — not tlio autographs of rrontlo and mollowod. oxnorionco, but of hard and suspicious ill-humour — had boon smoothod out of hor face. It flattered hor up to tho point of tho orodiblo. Sho was aworo that sho possosBod no beauties ; but this likeness softly porsuadod hor that she was not^ so bod lookiug, aftor all. Sho camo to tako its testi mony rathor than that of tho anoiont mirror in its tarnished gilt frame, whioh, indood, gavo a groonish huo to her countonanoo, and porhaps elongated it ft trifle. It may bo that tho photograph was so dear to hor booauso, liko a truo friend, it took hor at hor bost possibilitios instead of hor unlovoly actuality. Sho was apt to frown at tho mirror, and camo as noar as sho ovor did to a smilo in looking at tho photograph. Tho portrait, unframod, always stood in tho Bamo plaoo, noar, to tho corner of tho mantol-pieoo, noxt to tho side window of Miss Drusilla's cliambor. Tho wan biroli-troo, looking in, must havo witnossod somo oddly kind glancos pass from hor faoo to its likonoss. Tho bit of pasteboard was tho solo objoot of tho tondornoss of tho old woman, woro this from egotism or from a dim rooognition of hor bottor self,. 'Miss Drusilly's turriblo proud of hor piotor. .It don't handsome much, fur's I can soo, But. I'm glad if sho takos comfort in anything,' Mr, Dunn said to his wifo, Corinna and Horbort did thoir bast not to offond tho old woman again by sight or hoar ing of them, Tho girl had notiood that ovon ihg whon, aftor tho crisis of norvos, sho oarriod out tbo small toapot, that tho dooootion had boon of oxtra strength ; and bIio took hood that in futuro it should bo of a mildor brow. But Aunt Drusilla was immitigable. Sho. would hoar nothing in, favour of young Jonnison ; his grandfather had oaton of tho sour grapos of litigation, and sho would sot tho grandson's tooth on odgo with all sorts of nicioous oaaitiob. ono would summon tho family in hasto, pounding with hor stick ; as soon as tho door was oponod sho would soroam dlsagrooablo romarks at tho lovors, ordor Jonnison out of tho liouso, call thom ill namos, and always oontrivo to mako Somo dark allusion to hor throat that sho, aftor ^oatli. would haunt thorn. It was uuboarablo but what oould bo dono P Thoro was no disciplining a poor, lialf-orazod, holploss oroaturo liko that, Thoy camo to tako hor ohldings liko thq bluster and shriok of tho wind around tho honso, Sho grow gradually woakor, and as hor foroos loHSonod, hor tempor a'ppoorod some what milder, Sho sometimes thankud Hol man Brookway whon ho lifted hor, _ ' You'vo benn real good to mo, for ono that ain't a blood relation,' sho said to Sarah ouo day, But although she seldom railed at tlio lovors — as, indood, sho rarely had tho oppor tunity — whi) novor spoke a kind word to Oorlnnii, For all that, tho girl in her timid way tried to ploaso tlio aunt, Au hour boforo tho old woman died, sho spolco again of tho niarrlago with Horbort Jonnison, but only to repeat her uvmanny throat i ' I'm go ing to dlo, and I'll haunt you I' It oould bo only foltaH 'a roliof wlion, at last, Aunt DimihIIIii wiih laid away In tlio village burying ground, under tho llr trues, 'Now who can rost — aud givo other folks a rust, too,' commented Mir, Dunn, returning from tho grave, Tlio strain had boon long upon Surah and Oorlnnii) Ihoy I'olt doprewsod and norvous, , lifter tho riiHhlon of woary women, It was tlino to plant early poaw'i wo that for Hoi man .llroekwiiy there wiih work in tho open air, whioli in Ihn universal solvent for all .U?.''- 1 ti'oiibh^ ~ ynunif would livo with tho parents of Corinna, and had decided to uso Aunt; Drusilla's room as their own parlour. Horbort thought that the furnishing of it would bo n wholesome and cheerful occupation for Corinna. ' First, it can bo well scrubbed and aired to drive out tbo bluo dovils,' saicl this practical lover ; ' then Corinna and hor mother must come in town, and wo will go to chooso tho furniture and tho carpet. Wo may as well get the room ready now and havo somo good times evenings in it, I declare, I feel next door to married when Corinna sits by tho lamp sowing, whilo I read aloud.' So tlio room was freshly painted and papered ; white muslin curtains were hung at the windows ; a tlirec-ply carpet of modest colours and pattern, 1 and a sofa and chairs covorod with blue plush — very cheap and stylish, tho dealor had called them — mado up a little parlor which, if not artistic, was cozy, and tho prido of tho heart of a good little girl. Whon her father was ushorod into tho trans formed room ho admired it greatly. Thon ho bogan to look vaguely about him as if missing something. 'I seem to1 want to seo Aunt Drusilly's pieter in its placo again,' ho said. ' Oh, no, fatlior. It iB our parlour now,' Corinna protested. ' I know that, daughter, an' you'vo mado it real nrottv. But I cruess wo hov to remember that 'twas Aunt Drusilla's room boforo that, an' that wo owo tho house an' farm an' all to her, Sho was aggravatin', I know ;. but she's gono whoro sho sees things difforont. I expect sjio looks somo liko hor photograph now, all kind of smoothed out and pleasant. It would appear to mo liko romomborin' of her at hor best an' gratefully, to seo hor pictor up where, sho always kopt it. An't can't hurt you aiid Herbert none, Corinny. I should call it adjust an' a right act on your part.' : Holman Brockway had a stroak of firm will, a mild form porhaps of that of his litigious fathor and his crabbed aunt. Ho spoke gently, but Corinna knew tlmt thoro was no opposing him. ' I shall simply die to havo Aunt Drusilla always before my oyes,' tho girl comploinod. But hor lovor porsuadod hor that it was bottor to content hor fathor. ' W o may got to bo quito fond of tho old girl — sho looks so ploasant ; and then she can't talk, which is an advantage,' he said, jestingly, During tho daytimo Corinna did not caro to slay in tho nowly-furnishod room : sho had a tender littlo instinct that sho would onjoy it only in company with Horbort. Sho dustod it carofully ovory morning ; thon wont out,, closing tho door boliind hor, not reentering thoro until tho ovoning brought her lovor. Ho camo by tho electric cars now ; a now suburban lino had latoly boon complotod. At 7,55 sho could soo tho headlight at tho turn of tho road, in two minutos moro sho hoard tho lioarso hum of tho wliools ; at 7.58 Hor bort would swing himsolf off tlio car, which proceodod just as if it woro not doprivod of its ono valuablo freight, At eight procisoly, Uorinna s parents having grootocl hor lovor, tlio young pair would find thomsolves in thoir own littlo parlour. Thoy woro not suro whqther thoy enjoyed that room most in tho prosont or in anticipation. ' It was very cozy for engaged pooplo; thoy divined that it would appear still cozier whon thoy should bo married. (To be concluded.) 