TAJLES AND SKETCHES. MY HUSBAND'S ESCAPE. r Wheo I WM twenty my widowed Tnotfcei had been dead about eighteen months;-and bj her deajre-expremed-on ber death-bed"-! bae married Gilbert Armatrong, afterward« well known iuiUterarydoelea . HM, wasithsr a riaing man, but, apart from hia earnings, bc had a small fortune, and was able to give mt a home with all the- csiaforts and .luxuries d could reasonably wiall for. I had given my firat love to Rupert Oar stang, who had proved utterly unworthy of it, On his father's death, he succeeded to a nice estate, but.he ran.into excesses of all kiuds, and by. his gambling and extravagance brought himself to ruin, and suddenly ab- sconded, leaving , me broken-hearted, for, despite his failings, I loved him dearly. Gilbert had all along loved mc, and, with- out doubt,.his affection wa&aa; pure as il woe sincere. After Rupert Garstang's disappear- ance, Gilbert urged his Buit upon me. I told him, what indeed 1 felt. " that I had nc love for auy mau, now, now "; but bc declared that he would " wait for my lave to come afterwards. " My mother was dying, and I should -He left unprovided for, as lier income ceased With her life, and she pressed me to accept Gilbert, so, although in my then broken-hearted con- dition I was averse to the match I con sen ud I knew Gilbert was a moral, upright, and good man, and t admired hod respected him greatly, but 1 did not love him. We had been married about six months, and Gilbert's kindness, gentleness, and loving attention and forbearance, with hie ever thoughtful way, had told on me. I had com- pletely lost my heart to him, but I was too proud to ooufees- it. In. thc earlier days of, our married life, I had rec-ived his attentions coldly and indifferently, but he never murmured. He had taken me at my own valuation. " I had no love to give him," I had said. I suppose there is a limit to the patience of all men Gilbert was very patient and for- bearing, but it became evident to me that he was getting ti' cd of my cold and unaffection- ate behaviour. He, doubtless, thought ¡twas time I reciprocated his kindness, at alt events, even if I were unable to return his love, and his manner became leas warm towards me, although he was still kind- oh I so kind-and there w.is a sadness overshadowing him in all his actions. Whether it was because of this gradual cooling of his ardour, I know not, but, as I say, I was now conscious that I did love him - not with the passionate ebullition of my attachment to Rupert Garatang, bul with a deep trustful, earnest, thankful, and lasting love. Oh ! how I longed to throw myself into his ai ms and tell him he had won my heart 1 But I could not. By tacit consent, he had never pressed mc for any avowal of love, and I WSB too proud -tuo stiff necked-to admit it. I may have thought it modesty. I know I made that thc excuse to myself, but it was a lying excuse. It was my wretched pride. I wanted him, my own husband, whom I had promised at the altar to love-to beg for an admission of my affection. So we were gradually drifting away from each other. I felt it every day. I knew that I had only to say, " Gilbert, I have learned to love you," and thc wann spring of his noble nature would have gushed forth to me. But I wonld not ; and day by day I inwardly chafed, until 'I came to regard thc matter from a false standpoint, and persuaded my- self that my love was spurned by him rather than-as was thc truth-that I was spurning his love. II Wo »em lo Exmouth fora change. >? ilhert was very fond of boating, and there he could «et plenty of it. I. too, unod to liku thc water, bul my miserable feelings indue il me to bc disagreeable, and I rarely accompanied him. One evening I stood,on the sea-wall looking across thc mouth of the River Exe at tho beautiful, placid scene. Thc sun was dis- appearing behind the hills on the opposite side of the river, and tho huge sand-bank known as "The Warren" was fast being hid in the shadow of the deep blue uplands in the west. Gilbert had gone in his boat to Dawlish, and I was watching with a longing heart (all the more so because 1 tried to repress its longing) for the appearance of his sail round the point, when I became oonacioue that eomeuue was standing beside nie. I looked up and it WAS-Rupert Garstang I Hud a ghost appeared to me I could not I think, have felt a greater terror thau I did at that moment. Ali thc blood in my body seemed to recede inwards, and I stretched out my hands and clutched the low parapet-wull to support inyBclf from dropping lo the ground. " Felicia," he said "I have relumed. I um rich again." I cbsnycri to speak, but my voice failed me. Then thc recollection came. The blood surged to the surfuce again, and I felt that I flualu-d crimson. " Mr. Gutslang !" I replied, " I was not aware that you were in England." I did not know if be had heard of my marriage, BO I added : " We arc staying here for a while. My husband ¡B at Dawlish this afternoon." "I heard you were married, Felicia," he retnrned, in a familiar tone, "but it was a freat mistake on your part-a great mistake, am sure you can't be happy." As he bent hie head towards me I could smell his breath of drink. His impudence and vulgarity disgusted me, and I could now see through him aB through a pane of glass. This was the creature I bad loved, for whom I lind spurned the affection of the best of men. Faugh ! I hated not only him but myself too. " Really, Mr. Garstang," I said, as coldly and as pointedly as I knew how, " you must be forgetting what you say you have heard. You will please oblige mc by remembering it, and also thc respect you owe to Mr. Armstrong and myself." " Oh !" he exclaimed, contemptuously, " don't ride the high horse. I know all about it. There's no love lost between you, I'll be bound. Respect !" he sneered, " 1 owe him no respect. He B robbed mc of the dearest thing on earth to me. However, my time will come ; and sooner than many think," he added, with a boisterous but vicious, half-drunken laugh. His demeanour and language frightened mc. " I will bid you good-evening, Mr. Garstang," I cried, as I turned and hurried to our apartments. III. Rupert's reappearance had very much upset me. I was greatly agitated. The insolent Btyle in which he had addressed mc-as if I belonged to him-made me boil with in- dignation. It was not even as if I had jilted him. He had squandered his patrimony, and left me without the bare decency of a parting word. I had long felt that 1 had done with him for ever, and yet here he was persecuting mc with his presence, as if he had a belter right to my allegiance than my own husband had. I sst with such thoughts as theso surg- ing through my brain, and the time passed, without my noticing it« progress until it ivas getting quite late and Gilbert had not re- turned. Thc servant came lo me and announced that dinner was ready. " Mr. Armstrong will be in directly," I replied. " Let lt wait for a while." Tho. next minute there was a violent ringing at tho door bell, and "old Dave," the boatman, followed the girl into the room: "OH, ma'am, ma'am I" he cried, "I'm awfu' sorry for ye, I 'am indeed,' but Master Armstrong's boat has been found bottum up'ardB off "The Warren," and-IVs ataos certain as he's lost. " I gave a shriek and would have fainted, bu the maid rushed to -ms 'With some water which was at band, and urged me to bc calm She was a sensible kind-hearted igirt,' and hei presanoe-of mindi waa ?contagious, sol ralliée myself.' "Is -there-no 'hopeI" Ioriedi "Has nc sign 'of my1 husband been seen/1. > Tell we : ¿Lasáis bsdy, not boen found ! ' Tell me th« woraW", "No, ma'am," replied the man; "he's not bean found. But I'm afaer'd there be bul little hope-and that's the truth. It is said as how'« there's been some foul play ; for why I -there's some holea been bored tu the bottom of the boat." "Holes bored 1" I said. "Why, who could do such a thing T Besides,: the boat would not'floati" "Oh 1 well, you see, ma'am, if the holes was plugged wr soap, or Buthin1 o' that sort, it 'ud Boat for a time. I've heer'd o' such game" afore now," he answered. "Wliuteau be done!" I asked helplessly. " Nolhin' aa I can see, except to wait ma'am," he replied. " No. I can do nothing, I suppose, but watt," 1 said, despondently. "I would rather be alone in my anxiety and grief. Thank you for your kindness in coming Dave; and let me know if anything* further is dis oovared." " Thauk'ec ma'am. " concluded Dave, as he Socketed his gratuity and shuffled off. " I'll e sure and let yon know as soon as I hears o' anything.." I Sat down alone with my head bowed in my hinds, in an agony of suspense and dread. All Boris of fancies flittered through my mind. So far as I knew, my husband had not any enemy io thc whole world; Who could have wished to injure him. I could'not .imagine. Then Rupert Garelang's- drunken boast re- peated itself in my ears; "My,time will come, and sooner than many think " Gould he have done this wicked thing I I tried not to believe it possible, but my conscience told me that he might be capable of it or of any- thing else. Presently I was roused: from my reverie by the servant. " A gentleman to see you, ma'am." And Garstang walked into thc room. " I am-not able Ao seeianyoMvnow," I said. " I am in trouble and wish to bc alone." " Oh I Let me stay a hit," he said, huskily, as he dropped into a chair. " I have heard of the-the-er--accident, and. thought I'd call and-cr-condole with'you. It must be very distressing to you I'm sure." There waa a ring.-of falsity in his voice which " etruck a chill," to my very soul, I looked at him, but could say-nothing, " There's no doubt his dead," he went on, with brutal frankness. "But its useless-for you to make yourself ill. It's God's doing " " It ie rather some scoundrel's doing, I replied. " It's murder-that '« what it ia !" I watched him closely in the gas-light and his face twiched and went ashen pale, but he recovered himself instantly. "Oh, nonsense I"hesaid, hurriedly. "It's evidently a pure accident. He got caught in in a squall! I suppose and had the «ail fixed instead of holding the rope loose. It fre- quently happens. But it's na good taken it to heart to much, Felicia, it's-" " Don't call me that, "I interrupted. "And I wish you would leave me. 1 want to be alone." He rose from his seat and came towards me. "Oh ! don't send me way,'' he began. " Now you are free again, I can sere!y be oear ¡ ybu." ; I kept silence. I wanted the man gone and knew Lot how to be rid ot him without a scene. " Now, Felicia," he started again, in a half drunken drowl, "don't be ailly. You are free again, I say, and I have the same old feeling of you.-" My mind was made up. " Stop I" I shouted in a rage. " Stop ! There's been foul play. They tell me Gilbert's boat has been bored with holes. Who could have done it?" I looked at him with eyes blazing with anger, and hts gaze fell before me. " You !" I exclaimed. Who but you Î You ! Who wrecked my young hopes and left me in despair, and now come hear, unsought and unwanted by me, to wreck the chance of happiness that I had I Do you think I bave a spark of love or regard left for you !" In my distress, I almost forgot Rupert Garstang's presence and I went on more to myself than to him : " Your dastardly treat ment drove love from my heart, and Gilbert Armstrong married me knowing that I then bad no love for him. But he was a good man, and I had learned to love him as I never loved before. Oh 1 would that I bad bent my stiff-necked arrogance, and acknowledged my love and affection for him, as I have longed to do dozens of times lately !" Then I turned on Rupert in my wrath again. " You have murdered bim. I know it was you, and you cannot deny it. Go I and my curse go with you 1" I~ " Nay, my darling," said Gilbert's cheery voice, out of the darkness. outside, us he entered the room. " Nay, my darling don't curse him ; bless him instead. I have heard all, and this is the happiest moment of my life. If Mr. GarBtangis responsible for the scuttling of my boat, I thank him from the bottom of my heart, for he has been the means of making your love at last known to me I" Rupert Garstang threw up hts arms in affright when Gilbert came forwards as if be had seen a ghost ; but before my husband had finished speaking he realised the position and, snatching up his hat, fled from the house. I drew a veil over the loving moments that ensued between Gilbert and myself. Suffice it to say that I have been never known a day's unhappiness with him since, and we are now after twenty long years, as endeared to each other BB ever. It transpired that tho boles in the boat bad (as "old Dave" had suggested) been filled witta plugs of some soluble substance, and when about half-way across the river mouth, <hc water began to flow in. Gilbert tried all be could to keep down by» bailing hut, it was fast gaining when he sighted a. bomnmn out fishing, and msde signs of distrcBB. Thc fisherman managed to reach him iu time, and, after beaching the scuttle host on "The Warren" they proceeded to Dawlish. Gilbert returned with his rescuer subsequently and not for a moment anticipating that any scare would he created or that it would get to my cars in any way. He was, of course, at a loss to understand who could have tampered with hie boat, but it now seemed magnifestly certain that Rupert Garatang, having found out we were at Exmouth, had in a drunken freak followed us, and iu this mad- headod and clumsy but diabolical faslion, tried to put Gilbert out of the way. His wicket act had, instead, the effect of bringing Gilbert and myself such great happi- ness that we determined not to inquire further into it ; and Rupert Garstang never crossed our path again. 