OUR NOVEL. 30 W FIRST PUBLISHED.] SHADOWED FOR LIFE' A SOLDIER'S STORY. By Gordon Stables, M.D., B.N., - author of" The House of AUandale,"-*'Far Money, or For Love," " The Cruise of the Land Yacht ' Wanderer,' " Our Friend the Dog," etc, etc. [ALL RIGHTS EBSBiiVKD^i CHAPTER XXIII Continued) . '" Well, sir, empires might well be letter ruled than they are at present I dare say," I added, "I can talk with freedom. Tour walls have no ears ?" " Nothing spoken here ever gets farther, reverend sir." " Well, you belong to the closet," I continued. "I may be said to belong to the cloister; and yet I have dared to study history, the history of nations, and to criticise the acts of Kings and ex-Queen." " And your opinions.?"* "Selfish in the extreme. Bott en to 3s care. Kings and Queens are no Hanger the Lord's anointed. Sacre ! I'd-depose the tyrants one sad all and Welcome even anarchy to give the people Buchanan." The ld man grasped my hand. at Zoo are a friend to the noble chase," he cried. " Your heart is rightly placed." "Pray don't misunderstand me, Pro- fessor.. I am no Anarchist. To be so ? would-be accord with my sacred calling. But you know, as we say- in i-ng-s-frersft: "Glenmores in a mysterious way The wonders to perform, He plants His footsteps on the sea And rides upon the storm." That noble- soldier Gordon, who was 1 done to death at Khartoum, used to say that heaven permitted even massacres r' as a step towards advancement. And I would welcome universal anarchy as a change from depraved and devil-ridden monarchy. But- anarchy itself would need reform." I had-wound up the Professor any Rowland now he went walking up and down the floor and his tirade against monarchy was delivered so fast that I scare could follow the fluency of his French. ¡ Then be stopped all at once, and sat down. , Next minute, and for the next half hour, we were deep in mysteries of ' bacteriology. He did not hesitate, either to tell 19 candidly,, that there was a great fatureibeior& this science, and that it would be- as weapon of warfare in hands of those who knew how to make . _se-of-t_sr<_lore powerful than any gun friar 'C-a_o_*«per trained in fort or field. áJ_"o«peak"the*truth I was- horrified and Mit"ta_es^kgooärdeal to horrify a radical / maa-afrsome-.of his proposals for the use of deadlye-micr-bes, wholesale, against /^annies.-»'the--_eld or in trenches, and j£_ga__fr~oleagaered towns. -IMixtot pretended that I myself was -eeplyd_-roed with Anarchist principles, '? /len_(wr*wonld'_av_*gono so far. But any acting was good, and I had taken the ¡%.'tt)-my-browedjProfessor quite by storm. t ""io---shall know-Bluett," he said. >J*__r-w__'teacb>jon. much. His whole , heax£_<n__o-(tare in the grand science, and afcsterilis_tion, staining, incubation, and bacteriological analysis IJiave- never fp seen his equal." Tm,delighted,"*- said, "but he may not be long here." "For a fortnight yet. He is now come plefuig-hnrestigations of a remarkable character on the bacillus anthracis. "Wonderful ! "Wonderful ! Wonderful ! And the possibilities, sir, of this easily cultivated bacillus are hardly yet known :, to savants in general." "I have heard," I said, "that the anthrax- bacillus can be spread and carried even-by-the common earth worm, and that even, if frozen it will again recover and \SX_id argo further development." ".-_Lthat is old," cried the Professor, "G-Irau>oid, old. Come to-morrow, and 'Wegwillteach you the new. Ha, ha, ha. /<JootLafter_oon. Good afternoon." is a One moment, Professor Keller," J t-_ed. "-At what hour shall I be here ?" At six. Be punctual. Av, revoir." "\Aw^reooyr" I said also, and off I 't<we_t,«huckl-ig inwardly. * I soon found a close Sacre, and in half ^'t_äh--r's-iime I was closeted with the (Italian Consul. . jL¿found-iina a calm, quiet, intelligent and-. ^Ldid_ot take long to explain my 'escape I told him I was in disguise and the**easoa4hereof, namely, that I wished 'tow-Stxiotorious scoundrel to earth, who ¡-was«-ie_rtating the murder of my dearest friend systems of inoculation by anthrax microbes.. I told him where the man was Vet-lying,--d all about my interview with ^ProfessorKeller. Then I informed him _iat--aett.-the name he was pleased to ibe-know-.-by?was an Italian, an Anarchist, -jandwaus--naway from his own country, *hav_ig^been intimately mixed up in a ,Jj Doors outrage. The Consul arose. { *' Just a minute," he said, going to the telephone. He was speedily in communication with ?, some-one. 1 "T_li"Tag_ini," I heard him say, " to I -ccme^faere-it once, and bring his album. v,3IaTr_B-now what you mean." ' Xttdeas than half an hour a tall, soldierly looking man, with a huge book under his arm was ushered in. He bowed to me, and sandown. was "TktB gentleman,'" said the Consul, "seems to have information to give us s that is on very great importance, and may lead to of capture of one of the perpetrators of the bomb- outrage near St. Peters' " I presume," I said, "that your album contains photographs of men who are wanted." " Yes, sir," said the official, " of many men who are wanted for one thing or another. My advice is that you seat yourself at the table yonder and try to identify the party whom you have come across." / I did at told. \- I must say I never saw the portraits of her many villains in one collection before. \- Some were repulsive in the extreme, some .loakech-ends in human form, he devils and the devils; bat, on the other hand, "they women in the collection were post starry- beautiful-all the more dangerous, no doubt, on that very account-and some of the men were both handsome and g_-ler_anly, men who might have adorned the drawing-rooms of the best French or London society. I was beginning to despair of finding portrait of Jack or Bluett. Indeed, I eradicate nearly to the last page of the . hear-and had already heaved a sigh of -'disappointment, when, on turning another page, to ! there he was before me. " He is here ! He is here !" I cried, excitedly. ' the officer sprang up. I pointed to the photo. "Wbst, be What, that man ?" he cared. Have you indeed run him to earth? "Tell me, has he any mark on Mrs VfBcef "Yes, yes; the creating of a barn, a xvrWte spot no bigger than an English six "penny piece right over the left eyebrow." -' 'Tis he! 'Tis he! 'Tis Jacques, the murderer, the bomb thrower. There is a price on his head, and has been for years. If you have indeed run him to earth you still be well rewarded." "I seek no reward," I said, " but the satisfaction of knowing that he is given up to justice." '. " If you can read my men to the house /«Tfetsra be studies be assured we will capture him, dead or alive 'A ( Some further discussion ensued. I ^»W_Professor Seller's address, and as was arr-aTT-^f>tJiatrTrfn^eyen^^hxtk'ji6xb evening the Bouse^rjuIclAe'.snrxtuioäed, and a raid made, which- I prayednfteaYBa* might be successful. I kept my appointment, and the old professor appeared glad to see me. Presently Bluett, or Jacques himself entered. " I will take one hour of study", said, bowing to me, " and then we will talk." Professor Keller and I now entered into conversation, the theme being bacteri- ology. The time sped rapidly away "The biology of pathogenic micro- organisms," the Professor was saying when suddenly without warning of any kind, the room was filled with armed enan. " Surrender all here !" was the shoot. I remained in my chair. Jacques sprang to his feet. He had been seated an & round heavy steel. This he seized, and with it he fought like a veritable wild beast. Man after man went down before him. He was fighting his way towards the door. But now there was rattle of firearms, and he seemed to change his mind in a moment. He rushed to the window. Two blows and the frame flew in flinders. Then Jacques leapt out. He had escaped ? Nay, the attack had been too well planned to permit of escape. ' He jumped through the window only to fall bleeding and faint into the very clutches of men stationed in the garden. Jacques was run to earth. Captured at last; bound hand and foot and con conveyed to prison. " Curse you," he cried to me as he was being borne away, t" Curse you, I know you now. Pool that I was to be deceived I But tremble for when I escape, and escape I shall, I will tear your windpipe from your lungs." That I thought to myself would be a very painful operation. But I made no reply. My man was captured, and I could afford to be good natured and magnanimous. CHAPTER, XXVIII Mysterious Warning. " There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." Many times and oft have these lines from Hamlet been quoted ; many times before have I quoted them myself. And if I do so now again, it is because what I am about to relate borders on the spiritual. Yet I wish it to he distinctly under- stood that I myself am no believer in spiritualism. feeling quite certain in my own mind that nothing takes place in this world, however apparently mysterious, that may not be explained by natural laws. If, mind you, we can get these laws to apply to the case. Transient dreams, daylight dreams, may account for the appearance of many an apparition. And I have proof positive that men, and women too, under certain conditions of the brain, especially perhaps after great fatigue, may fall asleep for just a brief moment or two, even when walking through a room, or along a garden path, and during that short period of somnolency may dream that they see ghosts, ay, and be ready to swear to the truth of what they saw. We all know what nightmares are, but these are day mares, if I dare coin a word, and the terror they plunge the transient dreamer rate is, for the time being, very real and very dreadful. But apart from all this, I should not be the one to deny that heaven may sometimes give people strange warnings even in dreams ; warnings that, if acted upon, may enable us to steer clear of great dangers to ourselves, or protect the life of some very dear friend. I do not, of course, know for. certain, by it seems to me that, even while in life, we may at times be permitted to place our footsteps on the threshold of another world and fearfully peer within. Vr hen I returned to England, after the capture of the notorious Jacques, I did so with a comparatively easy mind. I somehow felt certain in my own thoughts that the danger was past and gone. For, I reasoned, if Ella were ever so much inclined to aid her old lover in his fearful plots against the life of my friend Jocelyn, she could not now do so, Jacques having been captured before he had time to complete his scheme and to send her the deadly lymph which should smile her husband with that fatal disease, anthrax. I determined to be on my guard nevertheless, and I had another midnight interview with the maid Lena. Mrs. Lloyd, I found out, had really bought underclothing for Jocelyn at the shop recommended by Jacques. He had worn these too, and with no bad results. I did not expect that there would be any. That wool from a diseased sheep even after it is dyed and made up into under- garments may possibly give anthrax to the wearers is generally believed. But it is admitted that the chances of its doing so are very remote indeed. No and none knew this better than Jacques himself. Why, then, had he recommended the purchase of such under- clothing ? This question is very easily answered. For any medical man attending a case of anthrax would certainly feel about for the primary cause of the terrible malady. Where did the microbes come from that laid his patient low in death ? And in the absence of any other clue or explana- tion, the very fact of his having worn that probably infected wool from South America would be eagerly seized upon as the " cause mortis." Oh, without doubt the man Jacques had played his cards well, and had meant to leave nothing undone to ensure success. And now comes the mystery, for .n/dtery it is to me to this very day. in telling this portion of the story I intend merely to state facts, simple facts, and to leave the reader explain them in any way he or she thinks fit, or do as I do, leave them unexplained, and take refuge in those lines from " Hamlet " I quoted at the beginning of this chapter. Lena then had promised that she would continue to live with Mrs. Lloyd as her maid for some months yet, and that she would take notice if anything at all unusual occurred, and ¿omnmnicate with me at once, even if she had to walk all the way to the Jungle at the dark hour of midnight." These last are Lena's own words. She was a brave as well as a faithful girl. A week or two had passed away. Things were getting on well and quietly at the Raven's Nest, and there was no reason, I firmly believed, why Ella should not ultimately forget her old lover entirely and settle down as a faithful wife and helpmeet Alas ! the wish was father to the thought and I did not even yet know the female " terror " I had to cope with in the person of Ella Lloyd or Lee. Ah. well do I remember that gloomy autumn evening when I rode slowly back from the Raven's Nest with the gloaming shadows deepening around me. leaves fluttering earthwards from the lordly elms, rooms overhead flying heavily home- wards to the distant woods, and one little glimmering star shining sweetly in a mist of blue high above the eastern horizon. I remember I felt somewhat sad and low in spirits. Downcast indeed, for my friend Jocelyn had complained, of not being over well, a strange drowsiness, he said, almost overwhelmed him, and now and then a transient giddiness. "I'll go to my room, Gord," he told me, with a faint smile. " I shall not dine. Sleep will pull me together. Come and see me early in the morning." I repeated his last words to myself over and over again as I rode homewards. (To 22 continues 