Achievements of Modern Soience. \--:o: VALUABLE DISCOVERIES. THE "VICTORIES OF PEACE." PHOTOGRAPHING THE HEAVENS. (From the Melbourne Argus.) Sir Joseph Lister'sa address as President of the British Association is a striking illustration of that mastery over nature, that success in wresting new services from natural forces, which is the glory of modern science. Sir Joseph Lister told tile story of how, in the course of a single generation, the discovery of anesathetics has robbed surgery of the terror of suffering. He told, too, in accents of singular modesty, the story of how he himself, following the hinlt of Pasteur's great discoveries, had c.;ab lished the antiseptic law in surgery. Under the old treatment a man with a broken leg was often as directly poisoned by the fer ments of putrefaction as if he had taken a dose of stryehnine. Sir Joseph Lister's dis covery robbed surgery of its worst terrors. A great hospital in the pre-Lister days was a mere fermenting seidels of gangrene. In the Munich Hospital, for example, 80 per cent. of all wounds were affected with gangrene. But on a given day all cases in that hospital were dressed with the antisep tic preparation, and from that hour not a single case of hospital gangrene has been known in thie institution I Pyremia, and crysipelas too, vanished like unclean ghosts before the breath of Sir Joseph Lister's .carbolic acid bottle l The great surgeon then went on to describe the Riintgcn rays, the discovery of which he de clares it "the msost astounding of all resul s of purely physical inquiry." After reciting the various services surgery has already ex tracted from ithe Riintgen rays, Sir Joseph Lister said that already we have the hint of another way in which ?t? Ritntgen (ys may influence medicine. The human skin if long exposed to their action suffers fromn a sort of " aggravated sunburn;" and ithis suggests that the rays may be used to trans. ' mit at h,,althv stimulus to internal organs. Our own columns, by the way, have already reported thie application of the Rintgen rays as a curative force in the case of cancer. But let the three new forces with which human science, during a sipgle generation, has armed itself he put side by side anmsthetics, the antiseptic treatment of wounds, and the Rintgen rays. Where else in the whole records of human science can be found three such "victories of peace," three such magnificent contributions to the safety and happiness of human life! I But another scientist, MI. Camille FlIam-. marion, gives in the Cossnopostan another and even more picturesque illustration of that mastery of'physical nature which the prying and restless intellect of man ise achieving so rapidly. The field of f. Flammarion's science is not microbes but., suns. He tells the story of the manner in which the federated astronomers of the world are carrying out that great scheme for photographing the heavens, which has been in operation since 1887. When Hip parchus undertook the first' eatalogue of' stars Pliny described the scheme as a rash. one, "even for a god !" That earliest star catalogue contains only 1022 stars; at the? ' present moment photography is being catleas to the help of science, and a starchart.i.: being constructed in which the images.of 30,000,000 stars till be captured and put on permanent record I Sixteen observatbribi have this modest tasltk. divided between them. Each has undertaken torfuroish so many plates, photographing two.. degrees square of the heavens, the tinie'' of exposure ranging from five minutes' to an hour eachb, so that all stars up to the' fourteenth degree of magnitude will :be5 photographed. It will take 11,027 of thssea plates to cover the entire heavens, and the work will., pot be conipleted for years. , come. The first general chart, indeedl· which is to include 2,500,000 starse, Will abt be catalogued before the end of.the centsu'? though the task was begun five years ag and the eyes bIastronomerseyetunbomw lli grow dim.lefore the catalogue of 80,000,00);: stars is complete. M. Flamsarion c tvh almost lyrical in his description ofthp ap phlication of photography to the heavep Science is, in fact, inventing a new gigantic Eye; of subtler, swittn?, f m?ore enduring vision than anythin? 4? which dnscietifie fancy everdreaad. c with this new Eye the depths of isi space will be explored. "Worlds~: jl verses, creatiois," now lost in far-of will wheel into sight and be translatd t ",eatalogues," In thethousandth, pita second this new Eye not only sees, it as an enduring record "the sun-ite~io its vortexes, its fire," and turns itsli deed, into ' mere document whichane studied idscold security end at leiemt' s 4 