Achieving Hi» Ransom. CHAPTER. XVII. MR. IIOWAKD's SUDDKN IJISAI'l'KAKAXCIi. The ftutuninnl sun liung like a ball of firo iu the western sky, thinly veiled by the hazy blue of Indian summer. Tho forests in their gaudy plumngo of vermilion and gold pre sented a sceno far more lovely tlmu nn artist enn paint. Tho ripening fruits yielded up a sweeter perfume than the roses of May und .Tunc : and all nature with matured beauty ? .i — :i:„- . .,:n, o.wi Tn HUUIUUU DllllttU^ «VUU the rebellious heart of man only could discord and sorrow be found, No picture was more entrancing, cnchanting than Flora Wells, as sho sat by tho window, tho faint glow of the smoke-clouded sun fall ing on her face, giving to it a beauty beyond description. With all the beauty of autumn, there wns a sadness. The grass once so green had becamo a golden brown ; tho flowers 86 gay and sweet wei'o gone. It was the preparation for death and burial, and nature only waited for the winding sheet of snow, tho sleep of c'eatli, to prove to tho mind of sinful man the doctrine of tho resurrection with spring. But no autumnal beauty was moro sad than tho pretty pale faco of Flora Wells, as sho sat by the window gazing on tho far-off bluo, hills, sighing, whilo an occasional tear stole down her chock. Her father, through tlie persuasions of Aunt Uachel, and tho assurance that nothing but lier ' yai'b tea' would save her life, had consented to leave her at tho secluded inn for awhile longor, though ho gavo her to under stand that it would faro much better with her lover if sho gave him up altogether. Sh» mado him no promises and answered only with tears and sighs. Sho had read in tho papers that Horace would in a few days have liis preliminary examination beforo tho magistrate, and than for the first- time the prisoner would faco his accusors. Tho papers stated that tho oxcuho ou tho part of the ollicials for not having the examination sooner was a fear that tho prisonor might bo lynched if ho was takon from tho jail. Many of tho good peoplo who suffered financially by tho bank robbery had no good feeling toward tho prisonor. Whon Flora read this sho sat and shuddered, and hoped aud prayed that her unfortunato lover might escape such a fato. Sho had not heard from him since hor visit, through sho had urged him to writo to her. Ho had never been permitted to do so boforo, though ho had ofton asked for paper, pen and ink, It was thought that bu only wanted thorn to notify his confederates about tho weakness of his prison, that thoy might ofTect his rescue. At last lie persuaded tlio gaoler's wife, who somotimos visited liim, to furnish him with writing material, just to writo ono lottur, and that lot, tor to a lady. Sho held out. at first, until sho learnod that ho wanted to writo a lovo-lottor, and promisod to lot hor road it. Ho told his littlo love-story, and it was so pathetic that it moved hor heart, and Bho agreed to furnish him tho matorial and mail his lettor for him. This wns, of course, all dono without tho husband's knowlodgo. On that vory ovoning, as Flora sat by tho window, bathed in tho smoke-dimmed glory of tho descending sun, Cator was on liis way from tho'post ollico, with tlio precious opistlo in his pocket, Cator rodo tho old sorrol horse, and had something of tho rosoinblanco of a travel ling commissary. Thoro was a sack of flour across tho animal's withers, whilo a long bag hung across tho back of tho saddle, with eoffoo in ono ond and sugar, staroh, soda, toilet soap, spioos, tons, and sundry other household noeossities in tho othor, It was woll balanced, and tho nogro riding in front kept it in placo. As tlio negro rodo along tho path to tho Nowburg tavern, his long legs dnngling about tho thin sides or. tlio horse, his mind was wholly occupied with tho mysteries which lmd of late involved tho old inn. His ignorant, super stitious mind was filled with stories of ghosts, witches aud fabled monsters, th« creation of many wild and grotescpio imaginations. ' Bot Massa Howard am a witch !' ho finally conoludod, 'Dat nm it. Ho am a witch, Mighty good tor mo, though, of ho am. Givo old Cater two dollars obbory time ho put his hand on do boss. Now Avhut dat man ax rno so many questions at tlio storo 'bout? Ho don't git nulHn frnm dis niggor.' Ho reached tho old tavorn and, laying tho (lour and bag of groceries on tlio woodpilo, put tho horse in tho barn, and then carriod tho ' things'-' by which ho meant tho rocont nicrcniuliHO purchased lit Rushvillo, into tlio houso, Then ho watorod and fed tho horse, fed tho pigs and split stovo-wood, and when ho liiul 'demo up all his choros,' want into tlio kitohon to sit by tho stovo until timo for supper. Ho wns talcing his usual nap in tho corn or iu tho kitohon, whon liis wifo awoko him and told him his suppor was ready. Ho stai'tod up, and by tlio morost accident thrust his hand in his poolcot and disooverod tlio lettor ho had brought from tho post-ollloo, Ho starod at Aunt Aggy and then at tho oloolc that tiokod on tho marital, and disoovorod that it was almost sovon. ' Wliut do matter wid voP' nakod Aunt Agtfy. ' Uolly, dar am flat lottuh I' ho gasped. ' Wliut lottah P' ' Do ono I brung frum town fur Miss Flora, an' I dun oloau forgot it.' ' CI it up dar an' gib it tor hor mighty quick, nfo' yo furgil; it ag m,' Qnolo Cator started up tlio stairway us fast lis bis logs oould carry him, Flora wan wit ting at tlio window when ho entered und said i ' A. lottali foi« you, Miss Flora.' Sho took tlio lettor, glanced at 1.1 in super scription, and recognising tlio luuiii writing, whilo old Cator suiunporoil down tho sliiii'H, on oi 1 1 ' It's from Hornoo !' Tonrs of joy started frnm lior oyos, Hor liuart leaped wildly, uiul a I'oiul hopo suggested lhat lie might be iVeii, JT-'lio lighted her lamp, nnd with trembling hand broke tlio seal, nnd sal. down to rend, 'l.'lio lei, lor was full of tenderness, Invo, mid Christian bono | yet through all there was a dark tinge o| despair, It was lis follows I fi .id for my misfortune, tor nothing tl«o would luive given me auch unbounded BBBUrimce of yonr bb&c-; tion. I am somutimep. told t.hut tho people are i' rowing moro quiet and willing for the law to take its course. I havo learned tho day that the robbery was committed, and om trying ro find tbo man truvelled with th.it afternoon, in order to prove an alibi. I have given the full particulate to ray attorney and intrusted him to work up my dt'fencn. But lie is young, itiexperieuced, and, it seems to mo, does not take the subject to heart aa ho phcinld. Rut I will not annoy you with furthor details of mv nunc. I have the blessed consciousness that I am innocent, tint you love mo, and I would rather walk to the scaffold with that assurance than be declared freo and innocent, doubting your Iovp, or knowing I wbs guilty. Flora, hope and pray. That in all you can do now. Much as it would delight my soul to see you, T will not, bbIc you to coine, because it will only embitter your father agftinBt usandiny cauBO. May God bleeB you, darl ngi and Rhonld I never bohold youiiKiiin, I will ever hold you dear to ray heart [ and should I dia a free man, or in a prison cell, yjur name will bo breathod with my parting breath.— Forever yours, ' Horacb,' Tears were streaming down her chceks, and her eyes woro so dim boforo sho had finished tho lottcr that sho could hardly mako out a word. Sho kissed it again and again, bedewing it with hor tears, and prayod God for help and morcy as sho had never piayed befoi-c. In tho midst of it all she heard the loud clatter of a horse's hoofs below, and next moment tho voice of Mr. Howard camo from below, speaking in mild, oven tones to Cater: ' Put him in the barn, remove the bridle, and feed him, but loavo tho saddlo on.' Looking out from hor window, she saw old Cater shaking liis white, woolly head as ho went away to tho barn with tho horse. A moment later tho quiok, nervous tread of tho mysterious Mr. Howard was hoard on the stairs'. Ho hastened to liis wife's room. Ske was standing in tho door. « j_» ' 'Sh 1 You forgot yourself.' ' How long will you stay ?' ' I don't know.' ' There is bad news ?' ' How could thoro be, my dear ? You look as if you woro Beared almost out of your life.' 'I havo such a dread ? ' ' Of what ? Come into yonr room and don't bo exciting the wliolo liouso into wonder.' Thoy entered tho room and closcd tho door, and yot Flora, whoso icui'iosity was excited, could not but keep hor oyes on their apart ment. Sho heard tho low murmur of voices and mingled with them wns a sob. Tho children began to cry, no doubt from sympathy, but woro siloncod by persunsions and throats. Tlion all becamo quiot. ' Porhaps, aftor all, ho is going to remain all night,' thought Flora. ' Ono thing is cortnin; Mr. Howard is having somo trouble.' Then sho roturned to tho window and sat thoro a long timo, hor thoughts going back to her imprisoned lovor. Tho palo stars shone dimly from a murky sky, and tho hush of night was broken oniy by tho grunt of a pig, or tho occasional drop of an acorn in tho forest, which year by year was ercoping closer to tlio old houso. Suddonly thoro camo on tho night air tho furious dash of a horso's hoofs. Somo ono was coming at full speed toward tho old tavorn, and the next moment sho saw a horsornan mounted on a dark clinrgor gallop ing down tho road. Ho roachod tho gate, and drawing rein so suddonly that his hoi'so was brought almost to bis haunches, flung tho roin ovor a picket, leaped from tho saddlo, and ran to tho long porch, and, with tho butt ond of his riding whip, gavo sovoral raps nn tho door. Bor'oi'o UmoIo -liowbon, Aunt Ilacliol or Cater could respond to tho knock, Mr. Howard, hat in hand, flow down the stairs. ' Bob P' he whisporod. . ' Oomo on quick P' Not anothor word was spokon. Mr. Howard ran to tho barn, plaeod a bit in his horso's mouth, and, with tlio nowcomor, was flying ovor tho hill boforo Undo Iloubon could roaoh tho door. (To be emtimtoil), 