IS TYPHOID A PREVENTABLE DISEASE ? Any man or woman who has ever atrnggled through the ten, twelve, or fifteen weefaB' experience of a determined attack of typhoid fever will think (says the English Hospital) we have placed an exceedingly important question at tbe head of tfaia annotation. Can typhoid be prevented ? Well, either it can or it cannot ; either it is a disease whose caus^ we know and can deal practically with, or it remains still one of those mysteries which baffle science and practice alike. Bat typhoid is not now a '* mystery ' to the man of science ; of that we are sure. It is, on the contrary, & well under stood and entirely manageable aud prevent able malady. Dr. T. E- Hayward, medical officer of health for Ifaydock, Lancashire, tells his parish in his annual report not only that it is preventable, but also by what precise and simple means it may be pre vented. We have, had occasion before to express approval of Dr. Hayward's intelli gence and thoroughness as a medical officer of health, and we commend with confidence his tersely expressed ?* Principles of Ty phoid Prevention,' as made pnblic in his report for 1S95. 'Typhoid is a preventable disease,' says this authority. 'Ir is & disease of filth, and especially of the filth of ho man excrement' That is to be taken at the be ginning of knowledge, the A B C of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific The next step is equally easy. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli: and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled by each excrement. It is takes typhoid except by six-allowing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or thev may be flvine about in the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excrement, and may be swallowed with monthfnls of air. What, then, U the first and last command ment of typhoid prevention? 'Cleanliness; personal and pnblic cleanliness.' It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep oar drinking water clear ; if we keep oar closets and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, strtets, and towns entirely clean,, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of as as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Deinotherinm. 