189 6. O^b readers, with ourselves, are now fairly started into the New Yeah. Last week we stood, as a man stands on the Blue Mountains, on the brink of a cliff -with a fog rolling in front and ob8euring the vision, hiding the mag nificence or the terror, the inviting glen or dangerous; declivity that lies beneath. We., know there iB something great there,' but cannot tell what. This week we have begun to descend into the un known. We are curious : ' the future lieB before us,' but what is it to be like ? On we go, however— ? ? ' * * ' I do not ask to see The distant scene— one step enough for me.' Gigantic forms loom vaguely through the mist. They wear the shapes of 'horrid war;' there are menacing ghosts as of brother rushing on brother ; some waving the Union Jack and others the Stars and Stripes, prepared to cut, fllay, burn, sink whatever comes in their -way. Brutal Moslims are hunting wretched Armenians over rocky passes ?while the great Powers look on wonder ing whether they shall all be mingled together soon in a European war. What tremendous changes may not 1896 witness before its sands run out! In our own colony some think they see the fog of commercial depression thinning, and better times glinting through. Others say, 'Ugh 1 we have not touched bottom yet, and. the country is being ruined!' On we go! It is no use peering ; no man is sure that he sees .^anything, .except just the. narrow. path at his feet and daylight enough for the journey. One thing, indeed we know : ' The Lord reigneth ! ' And what a mercy it is that we are not allowed to inow much of the evil into which we are marching, and that lies in .ambush by the wayside like a leopard ?couchant for the antelope, We have to go forward ; and to know of the evil ' -crouching ready for its spring, would only be to invest life with unnecessary terrors. Mercifully God hides from us till the .appointed time what would iu the mere anticipation kill all our joys, poison our peace, and rack us with antedated trouble. The same wise Hand conceals in the mist the pleasures that await us as we journey on. If we knew what we were coming to, the desire to obtain it} impatience for its realization, would unsettle us for the steady work of the .present. Some of us, indeed, much pre fer to live a day at a time, both as ^ Tegards the pleasant and the unpleasant. Anyhow the wise God has arranged it :S0. ? ' And what He wills is best.' But this we may be certain of : — that in the mountain mist of 1896 we shall have .a Guide. G-od shall lead us on ' o'er ?vale and hill, through strfeam and tor ment.' On the Blue Mountains we lose sight of the familiar forms of hills and rocks, blotted out by transient vapours . But we know that the stable realities are there all the time, and we know, too, that the exhalation will pass and leave them standing full in view. If to any ?of us the great verities of life are just ! now beclouded ; ' let faith triumph— they are there, though not in sight, And the fog will vanish while these things remain, for they are eternal and will yet come grandly again into vision. Let us enter upon 1896 in the spirit of the son of Jesse and face the future in the mist with the thought — ' The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want ., . . . Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me . - . :. . . Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the' house of the Lord for ever.' 