Diocesan. CONSECRATION OF DR. MAHER. An Imposing Ceremony. Elaborate preparations are being made for the consecration of the Very Rev. James Maher, Bishop - elect of Port Augusta. The ceremony, will take place in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday next, and His Grace the Arch bishop of Adelaide will probably conduct the proceedings. . It was at first thought that a-much larger number of prelates from the eastern colonies would be pre sent, but owing to the consecration of Monseignor Verdon as Bishop of Dunedin, New Zealand, Cardinal Moran, Arch bishop Carr, and several otheis will be unable to be present. The following ecclesiastics from the other colonies have accepted the invitation to assist in the consecration : — Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Dr. Moore, Bishop of 'Ballarat, and Dr. Seville, Bishop of Sandhurst. Dr. Gallagher could not : come. There will slap be a large number of our own clergy from the city and country—espe cially from; the Diocese of Port Augusta^ The consecration sermon, which will be a dissertation and explanation on the ritual of jhe day, will be preached by the Rev. A. Dietel, S.J. Extensive prepara tions are also being-made by the members of the Royal Comic .Opera Company to sing Mercadante's JMass in B flat. Male voices only will be used in the Mass, and the following will take part:—Tenors, Messrs. Neilson, Rosevear, Beaumont, Be han, Keiley, and Balfour; bassos, Messrs. Leslie, Briggs, Ambrose, Bathurst, Young, and other voices. Mr. Sydney Deane will act as conductor, and Mr. Chas. Beethaui will officiate at the organ. The offertory piece, Salve Maria, is by the same composer as the Mass. The ceremonies are very imposing, and require great preparation, both internally and externally. The Bishop-elect of Port Augusta has been making a retreat at the Passionists' house, Glen Osmond, while both be and the consecrating biBhop fast on the day previous. The ceremony is begun by vesting the consecrating bishop, bishop-elect, and assistant bishops. The consecrating prelate sits before the centre altar, and the bishop-elect and assistant bishops having saluted him they sit down, and almost immediately the senior assis tant bishop rises and says to the con secrating prelate: "Holy Church de mands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." Then the consecrating prelate asks if he has the Apostolic Briefs, and the assistant bishop replies in the affirmative. It is commanded to be read, and this is done aloud before the whole congregation. The bishop - elect then genuflects before the consecrating prelate, and reads the oath, word for word, given in the ritual. Then an examination is begun. This has been commanded by the Holy Father in order that he who is chosen for the rank of a bishop be first diligently examined concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, and be interrogated upon the difficult titles and morals which are befitting such government, and are necessary to be kept up according to the saying of the apostle, "Be thou not hasty in consecrating any man," and for this purpose also, that he who is about to be ordained may be instructed how he is bound to demean himself when established in this rule within the Church of God. Lastly, in order that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irreprehensible. The following are some of the questions:—"Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou understandest from Holy Scripture?" to which he answers, "I will." " Wilt thoii uniformly rendet to Peter the Blessed Apostle, to whom was given by God the favor of binding and loosing, and to his Vicar Leo XIH.,. the present Pope, and to his successors, bishops of Rome, faith, subjection, and obedience according as the canons enjoin ?"—" I will." " Wilt thou for the sake of the Lord be easy of, access and pitiful to the poor,/to the stranger, and to all that are in need ?"—" I will." After the examination the Mass of the day is begun in different chapels and con tinued down as far as the Epistle. After the Epistle the Bishops conduct the Bishop-elect once more before the con secrating prelate in the centre of the altar and the consecrating prelate says to him * "It is the Archbishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise and to confirm." Then all kneel while the Litany of the Saints is chanted, but. the Bishop-elect lies prostrate meanwhile at the left of consecrating . prelate. After the Litany and prayers appointed all turn towards the altar and the Vent Creator is intoned. After the first verse the conee crating bishop sits and anoints the head of the elect, who is kneeling before him, with holy chrism, forming the sign of the cross on the crown, and then anointing the remainder of crown of the head saying, "Be thy head anointed and consecrated iu thg order of High Priest by heavenly benediction in the nahie of the Eat her, Son, and Holy Ghost." Next the hands are anointed and bound up with white linen by the consecrating prelate. Then he blesses the crozicr, and gives it to the elect who is kneeling before him. He then goes to the altar chapel and reads the .offertory. After the offertory the consecrating prelate again sits, and the bishop-elect presents him with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. The Mass is then con tinued by the bishop-elect and consecrating prelate the same altar. At Communion theypartake of the same host and of the same chalice. Towards the conclusion of the Hply Sacrifice the'mitre is blessed and puton the head of the bishop- elect. He ts then conducted by the assistant bishops through the . church, and imparts his blessing to the people. The newly con secrated gives the solemn Pontifical bless^ ing at the eod of Mass. The whole ceremony is then concluded by the Te Di urn being sung by the choir. . At Vespers Miss Campion aad other ladies from the opera company will assist, and MeBsrR. Briggs and Behan will Bing a new Taiitim. Ergor presented by the Sisters of Mercy, Angas Street, It is composed by Nava, the instructor of Santley, and. is for the first time pre seated in Australia. 