F R E C K L E S . BY LILIAN CANDLER. " Madge, Meg, wl.ere are you. I say, Madge ! " "What do you want ? " You, of cimrse ; what else do I ever want \ Where are you ? " *' Up in the apple tree, of course ! Where else do I ever get when I don't want to be disturbed ? " " Then come down."' • What for ? Can't I finish ray chapter P " " No, come at once ; I want to tell you something." "Here, then, catch the book." And she dropt a copy of much used Asphodel " out from the gnarled old branches of the lichen-grown appletree over in the further corner of the orchard. Rt-xingbam Hartley had by this time singled out the favourite rrsting place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to hnlp her down or to catch her should she jump. Tbe open book descended flat on bis upturned fare in ber stead ; and while he sloojied to pick it ap and to gather together the loosened, fluttering pages, Madge swung herself down from her perch. " Well ? " she ask< d bim. " What's the matter ? " he made reply, staring at her us be straightened himself. •• That's what I want to know. You said jou bad something to tell me;" He stuffed tbe book into his pocket, snd stepping towards ber took her two hands in his. What's up, Freckles ? You've been crying," be said. " Well, I don't need to be told that wban I did it myself," and she laughed a little watery laugh tbrougn ber tears. " What's tbe matter, dear ? Tell me all about it."' And be took her t-vo'hands in his strong brown left one and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. " It's only the stupid old^book, Rex, and I've read it twice before." " Goes out and drowns herself, doesn't she ? I remember. Silly old Freckles ! But I say, by Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes you look awfully nice." "Don't tease; what have jougotto tell me ? " and she rubbed her wet cheek up and down his cost collar. " Nothing that'll make you cry, little one, but something that will make you so happy on my accouut." " Oh, Kex, what is it ? Won another bicycle race ana got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the office ? " Guess again." He seemed amused at ber suggestions, and was interested, too, in watching the tears vanish away as she turned her .glowing face to his. " Dear, I can't guess ; tell me." " It's something jolly, und will be a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expression." " Rex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the cbestuut of Sic George's you wanted ? " Her eyes looked very serious now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver about tbe.mobile lips. " No, 'pon honour. I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't." faid . nothing, but with a happy little sigh of coutentment she laid ber head down on his shoulder again. " Well, I 6ee I'll have to tell you," said Rexiugham after a pause. ''You remember the artist wtio was struck with jour hair last year ? " " Uhm." " Weil, it's something to do with him ; can't you gl)rss ? " Slut knit her brows and puzzled in silence., At last hlii? said: " No. I've no idea of anything about iiim that could concern you except through me." she added in au undertone. " What did you say ? " he asked quickly. "I don't kuow of anything that could concern you with regard to him. Have you seen him lately ? " "No; but I've seen his sister." •* Which sister ? Miss Rive or the frisky, widow that was here ? " " Both ; but I mean Pauline—Miss Rive.' ••Well?" " Can't you guess ? " " You dou't mean she bos asked you to sit for her aud means to paint your portrait ? " " I didu't know she could paint people." ".Didn't you V The retort sounded as if it half revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it. Welij ^ I'm engaged to her, thaffi«!l,and I'm ) just the. luckiest.fellow iu the :world ! Isn't J it, jolly? " Something startled him, it sounded as though 1 a voice iu tbe far distance and yet somewhere quite near ejaculated'* Oh God ! And,hut that the expression was go nufsminine, and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of ' a supplication than an interjection, he might have fanciedsMadge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep iu bis coat. "Well," he asked, after a pause, "aren't you going to congratulate me ? " Still she was silent. " Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were fond of me little girlie, and so you are tbe first person I bave told my bit of good news to." He put his hand under heF chin and turned ber face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be the colour from her cheeks and tbe network of little sunspots which, bad won her her pet name from him, stool dht in bold relief againbt the. unwonted paleness of her skin •• What's the matter, Madge ? You look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? Tbe ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was gone io an instant. " I think I must have swallowed a piece of fluff off your coat," she said, •• and it stuck in my throat." " This engagement of yours is rather sudden, my boy, isn't it ?'" The tone seemed somewhat apxious. and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurt ley, when, about an hour afterwards, ber son bad sought her out to tell her of his piece, of good luck. • " No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of tbe Rives last year, and I have often met tbem in London since." " I had no idea you admired that kind of girl," said Mrs. Hurtley. "Oh, -mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, besides, she has such a good figure, and really tbe dearest little foot and ankle of any woman I know.'" ® • • Well, L suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to . have a good figure and a pretty ankle," said his toother, with just a touch of something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. " Have you told Marjory ?" she asked after a pause. " Of pourse I told Freckles just as soon as I got iu from the station. They told me she was in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old p1a\ male at once.'" "And what did she s&y;, how did she take it ?" ».sited Mis. Hurtley anxiously. Oh, she didn't say much, she was a bit surprised at first, .and, beside,, just as-I was telling ber a fly flew down her throat or fomething, and she had to swallow that first. After a hit she asked me it' I were happy in my engagement, and wh«n I said, ' Rather ! ' she told inethen so was she. I say.mother.I want you to it^lc Pauline down here, aud all might get up a little picnic or something. And—1 should like it to be nice you kuow ; they are very rich ! " How do you like my dress, Rex ? " •• It s charming." but you are not looking at it." " Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dress ! " She iaughed, she was pleased, and yet considering bow used Paulina Hive must bave been to compliments and flattery it seemed strange she ceuld still feel so delighted about them. • : What are we going to do when we get out of the train ? " she asked presently. " Co straight to the river and meet Meg and the provisions there, and that lazy brother of yours if he remembers to turn up." *' Oil. Hex, it will be awful if Jack doesn't comc ! " " Why ? I needn't do all the work. Madge can row." " No, I meant—• two's comfortable, three's a crowd, you know." " Ob, Freckles doesn't count for an extra one ; she is a jolly sort of girl tbat way." " I don't like Miss Arleigb," protested Pauline. " But you must since she and I are great chums, you know." *' Yes, 1 know. 1 wish you were not." " Why ? " " She's a funny sort of a girl. Do you know what Jack snid of her ? " •* But Jbck's ina.shed ; he'd say anvthinj What was it ? " •* He said, when he was MI mad that time for her to sit for hiiii. you ri m< mber -* that girl is tho sort they mulct; beroinr-s and murderesses ot. He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour which c omes *nd goes under her sUin, means p-^Ki...n and .strength of will. Does she ever get in a passion, lJex ? " "Never; s'.ib is the swe.elt'st-temiwTed woman I know ; but I don't supimse Jack mi-ant tbat sort of passion. Here we are." As tbey jumped out of the train Madge met Ihiin ou the ul*tl'orm. c i t b f R m c t bdt c i t "" "I came to the station," she said to Kex after greeting Miss ltive, " in ca e you needed any help with the basket. Mr. lii%-e has not come. Let me have the other side of that, Itex," she said, suiting the ai.tion to tbe wur-.l, " I'm so strong, and if. hssens tbe weight so much for two to carry it." " I could have helped Rex," protested Pauline. Rex laughed. " You help, indeed ! Why you are only half mv size ; and, hi sides, ihu strain would pull that rig of yuuis out of gear!" Besides, I am more used to it : am I not Rex ?" answered Madg<-. turning to him. We've carried many a p cnic basket down to the river between us, haven't we ? " Yes, Madge, you're an out-and-out brick ! And slie never shirks ber share," be added with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. " I suppose you have known Mr. Hurtley a very long time ? '" observed Pauline in a distinctly " conversational " tone. Not so very long : I am only twenty-two," replied Madge so brightly that to suspect sarcasm in tbe answer seemed treachery. I was three and Meg ten months old when mother adopted her," explained Rt-x. J':iuline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips and walked ou. To her tlie remark seemed illbred on Madge's part. They were, soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat; it seemed as if there would riot have been oom for Jack Hive had he come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? " asked Pauline as tbey vtarted. Yes. if you sit still and don't wriggle about ; it isn't, else." Then why did you bring me out in it,'' she exclaimed, in honor. Ob, Frecklcs and I always use this boat, and tbei e is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair." " Do you often RO on tbe river, Miss Arleigb ? " asketl Pauline. A good bit; in Uie holidays Rex and I are out nearly all day ; when I'm alone I generally go in a canoe." Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe ? " Oh, no ; not if you know tho river. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is difficult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if the boat's not trim." By George ! it's more than difficult; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along : " exclaimed Itex. Ob, I'm so frightened'. Let's land soon, please," entreated Pauline. Sit quiet for goodness sake, Lina, and you will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open tbe luncheon baskets ! " Miss Rive's courage rose, and her equanimity returned as she found tbat tbe boat neither turned upside down nor ran into tbe bank as they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and tbe creases in her new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tLey landed, and the baskets gave up their hidden store, much, too much of course as USUAI, as is the way of picnic baskets. " I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped ; don't you P " remarked Ilex, as having supplied the ladies, he began to fill his own. " You seem quite as well able to dispose of the things," laughed Madge. " Hasn't that boy an enormous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss Rive ? " I can't say I've noticed it," replied Pauliue in quite an aggrieved tone. " Oh, come now, haven't I been in a good temper ever since you first smiled on me ? " exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie. They dawdled so long over their luncheon and then went " just a little lower down," before turning back and. again putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of tea, snd it was such fun boiling the kettle and washing up the plates, and re-packing tbe basket, that it was growing dark by tbe time tbe little party commenced their return journey by the rivsr. Even Pauline Rive acknowledged that she had enjoyed herself—Rex was so joyful and Marjory so quaint and marry that she forgot that ber gown puckered wherever the water' splashed on it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. " I'll scull home," said Kex, " and you steer, Freckles." •* It's getting awfully. dark," he said presently, after working steadily for a quarter of i an hour. •• Are we near the lock yet ?" •• Another sixty yards and we'll be inside, 1 answered Madge, peering into the darkness for boats ahead. In the lock Madge wanted to change and take the sculls to rest Rex a bit: she thought, too, tbat he would prefer the seat next Pauline, but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, he was : not tired he said ; and it wanted a man's stroke' to get them home before it became quite dark.. When ether emerged from the lock they found the river very misty, besides being overshadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. " I don't like this; I don't feel safe," ex laimed Pauline. t " It's all rigbt if we are careful, and Freckles e a splendid steerer," Bex assured her. ' y Presently Madge said : " Rex, there is something in front of us ; it looks as if a great coal t had broken away from the tug and was loating broadside on to us." Pauline screamed. "Give her plenty of room, then,"ordered. and Madga turned tbe boat into tbei of the stream, as the obstacle seemed' down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they ennse from the shadow of; great hulk the lights from a steam launch in their eyes. Before they knew what to do tbe frail boat struck forcibly against some thing. We're lost! We're lost!" cried Pauline, Sit still for God's sake, or we shall be," Rex. " Can you both swim ?" " Slip loose your skirts," whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat a paroxysm of terror, and before they had to recover her, she had upset them all; into tbe water. Help !" shouted Rex ; " we're capsized stop the screw." Madge found herself clinging to the side of the boat, which had not turned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She caught at the wrist of Pauline and placed her band on the boat too. " Hold on," 6he cried, " we are all rigbt;" but even as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight; it was evidently leaking. Soon she heard Rex close to her. " Are you both together ?" " We are both here," answered Madge, Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re, ceived a blow." " We must struggle on to the barge; the steamer does not seem to have heard us, and bas gone on."' •' Save Pauline," cried Freckles, as the boat sunk out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl of black water. Rex seemed undecided. In tbat supreme moment the faithful affection of a lift time seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. •• Save her," repeated Madge : •• 1 can swiin !"' Rex struggled to the side of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, burdened as h& was, too, with tbe inanimate weight of the fainting Pauline, He was a st.ro>_g swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to gain tbe bank. There he deposited his future wife. " Freckles," he shouted, •« make for the bank. It's not so very far. ; go down stream a little and then come past the barge. Madge 1 Madge ! I will krep on shouting that you may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will come out to you !" No answering shout relieved his hungry ears. " Freckles !" he cried wildly. " Madge ! Madge!" Still no answer, but in his ears ran to the tune of the gurgling waters. " Save •her ; I can swim !" And with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had lied out to eternity. 