christian love. [By Charles Gore, M.A., Canon of West-I minster.] " God is love; and lie that abideth in love abideth in God, and God abideth in hiin.''—1 John iv., 10. St. John is, as we all know, the Apostle o£ love. He had been in the inner circle of Jesus of Nazareth. There lie had watched that perfect human character, that character which re sponded to every ideal of his heart in the per fection of its human love. Gradually he had learned the mysterious secret that that human character was not only human, it was also truly and really the revelation of the Divine character. Alan is so rarely made in the image of God that God can rarely manifest and reveal His character under the form of a human character without thereby degrading it or spoiling the manifestation. And St. J olm had learned it. God is love, that which is behind all, which has created and sus tained all, that from which all proceeds and to which all shall return, is love, so simple as tlrafcit can be expressed in a human character and nature, in which all should recognise that familiar quality which draws out and attracts ail that is best" in them. And St. John drew the corollary : if God is love, then where jove is God must be—"He that abideth in ioye abideth in God, and God in him."' It must be so, because there can be 110 obstacle to the fellowship of man and God except incom patibility of character and temper, and where love is, that incompatibility is gone; where love is God must be. St. John indeed does not contemplate that Christian love in its true character should be alienated from Christian faith. But if that has occurred in our time, surely we must say_ that a great part of the blame has lain with the proclamation of the faith. And St. 1 John reiterates so often that where love is God is, that we can certainly press his words. Where love is God is, and we must add God shall at last be known, for where true fellow ship is there must follow true knowledge. Who has the truth of the love shall certainly have the reality of the vision ! And St. John therefore would have us assure our consciences, and the consciences of other men, that in spite of minor transgressions and failures, in spite of sins and errors from which we can never in this life free our humau nature, where the reality of the love of our fellow men is there is the assurance of peace with God. But St. John is, of all men. eminently practical; therefore, he has a pro found dread of hypocrisy. What is the use of high language when there is nothing or little corresponding to it in action and conduct'! He had in his own day a greal deal of special reason why ho should be afraid ot tins sort of hypocrisy. There was sweep ing over the western world, and not least over Asia Minor, where St. John was writing, a great wave of oriental speculation, It is known in history as the rise of Gnosticism, and this was the characteristic of the Gnostic , school in all its different phrases. There was very high talk, but very little corresponding to it in practical and beneficent action. Again and again St. John in this epistie presses home upon those to whom he writes the practical tests which they must be con tinually applying to their love or their asser tions of love. First, it is, that no man has a right to say that he loves God until he is found in fact to be loving his fellow men. For love goes out primarily and naturally to that which it sees, and if a man love not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen'! And once again, we may talk high things about the love of man, and it may be hypocrisy. For St. Jolm says the test of the reality of o.ur love of men is whether we are prepared to love this and that particular man, and to show our love by giving him those lower and ordinary necessaries of life out of our suf ficiency. ""He that hath this world's goods and seeth his brother have need and shutteth up his bowels or heart of compassion against him, how dwelleth the love of God in him Once more, St. John is afraid, continually afraid. Of the language of Christian love degenerating into routine. _ The religion of one age becomes the superstition and the for malism of the next, so St. John presses it home. Some seventy years almost had elapsed since the day that our Lord gave that new commandment in the upper chamber at Jeru salem ; it was by this time an old command ment. "An old commandment," St. John says, " it is that I am writing unto you. The old commandment is this word about loving one another which you_ have heard from the beginning, but again it is a new commandment that I am writing unto you, because the darkness is past and the true light is now shining." St. John saw around him the dawn ing of anew world. As the opportunity was new and vast, so new and searching was the demand made upon Christians to reapply that old commandment. It is very easy to see in some detail how this reapplication had been already in the light of Christians _ con tinually demanded. You know that picture which wins our whole heart, which we get in the Acts of the _ Apostles, of the love of the first Christians when they had all things common. Yes, it is a beautiful picture of how Christianity shows _ itself in practical life. But, after all, the difficulties of its application were hardly yet beginning to be felt; it was like the beginning of some movement in the monastic life. There was a band of Christians, all Jews together, with common traditions and common habits; they •were expecting the immediate coming of the Christ, they were in a state of high en thusiasm, and in that state of enthusiasm they found it easy to apply among themselves, in its comuleteness and simplicity, that law of love." It is but a very little while, and these Jerusalem Christians are con fronted with the requirement which they had not yet faced, a require-1 ment which went against all their prejudices, > to admit into the fellowship of equal love as Christian brethren Gentiles who had not by circumcision become Jews. And it was these very men, these Jerusaletn Christians, who under one set of circumstances had shown their enthusiastic readiness for the law of love, who now were the very centre whence pro ceeded all that Judaistic narrowness, that re pudiation of the new application of the law of love. It was an old commandant, but it had become a new commandment. Or when St. Paul wrote to Philemon, and bade him take back that runaway slave, Onesirnus—no longer a slave, but now as a Christian, as a brother be loved—he knew that he would be lying on Philemon what would bo in that state of i society a great strain upon his conscience,; it was hard to recognise the old law in its new , application—"There shall be neither Jew nor i Greek, there shall be neither bond nor free." There is good reason, then, why St. John, now that lie has left that old Jewish world behind him, now that he has passed so far from Jerusalem and the traditions of his childhood, and has passed to Epbesus with Greeks and Syrians all round about him, with conditions of » new world dawning upon hiin should pi-ess home upon the Christians that that already old commandment, tried in the experience of the past, a tinny which was true in their Mastr-r and in them, was still for them a new commandment which would put a new strain upon them in its new application. Now, brethren, this doctrine about love is what wo pre-eminently need to-day, botii in its positive aspect and in the tests and warn ings which St, John applies to it. We need it in its positive aspect; we need to believe, and from our hearts, that it is in love that true Christiauity consists. Let us put it simply into words. Let us say it to ourselves. A man may be orthodox and believe all the articles of the Christian creed, and yet not have begun to understand the meaning of the regenerate life, if you confess Uod the Father aud deny the corollary of human sousiiip and brotherhood; or confess Jesns Christ, Son of Cod and Son of .Man, and then neglect the attitude wiiieh flows from it towards your brother men and His; or heheve in the Holy Ghost, and forget that lie is nothing else in tiio world out the Spirit of Love—that sort of orthodoxy is a profession in name which nas no r.aiity. Or, again, a man may be regular m Ins religious duty, in his cliurehgoilig, awl still not have begun to enter into tlie understanding of true Christianity. That is the lesson winch our Lord inculcated upon the Pharisee—you may degrade religion into routine, you may take pride in the out ward performance of its duties, and tho publicans and the harlots go into the kingdom of heaven before such. Or, once again, wo may be receivers of the I sacrament, aud yet have not begun to uuder | stand true Christianity, because what is it receive into ourselves these sacreii symbols, symbols which also contain and cotniuuiiieate to us the divine life, if, receiving it, we do not appropriate it and use it aud exhibit it in the outward acts and realities of our common fifeOr, once again, and for the last time, a man may be anxiously seeking his own salva tion, aud yet have attaiued to hardly any understanding of the God whom lie so anxiously serves, because spiritual selfish ness, as much as selfishness in worldly • tilings, is wholly aiien to the character of God, who is love! True Christianity begius and ends there where real self-saeribe ing love begins and ends. It is our profound comfort to believe this, and to recognise it ui a world which has in so many respects got into such confusion in regard to its belief. Again and again we are met by some instance of bitterness, cruelty, malice, narrowness, hardness in the world. The whole world, we say with St. John, lieth in wickedness; but, if 1_ may say so, we cannot go round the corner of the street without being confronted again—and very often where we should least expect it—with some questions to match the contrary, sumo instance of unselfishness and love and work aud suffering for others, and our heart is reassured, and we say the Divine life is still in the wurld and is still at work; it is there, it has not left us. At any moment the sufferings and needs of men may open their eyes to wherein their true life I exists. 1 We need a positive doctrine, but we need I also the warnings of rife John, because we are in an ago of many words, and there is at all times, and not least now, a danger that there should bo high talk without any proportionate correspondence, in real action. Lor this word love or charity has been beyond almost all other words parodied and degraded. Perhaps there has been some instance of ecclesiastical narrowness or dogmatic hardness — let us suppose the instance is a real one —but how often do we have set against it something that by contrast is called charity, which, when you examine it, is nothing rcaiiv at all but a tolerance of that cheap sorl which is made easy, because in him who feels it there is no real appreciation of the value of truth, or any real hatred of error or of evil? There I is nothing eneaper than that so-called charity. Or take another instance. Among those who | are seriously trying to help the material and sociai condition of their fellow-rnen, charity ' has become almost a by-word for what is in-1 effective and harmful, indiscriminate .charity —that giving of the penny or the shilling or tlie pound in the subserintion-list because there is immediately under our eyes something which appeals to our feelings, or because we are pressed to give; that sort of indiscriminate charity which has been proved, proved by all the seriousness of investigation that can be given to it, does harm and not good. There is, indeed, in the New Testament language which sounds like a commendation of indis criminate giving, as in St. John's epistle; but, marie you, the apostles are speaking of charity, of giving among Christians. To be a Christian in those days supplied exactly that condition which makes the free and easy giving from one to another possible and right—that is, they had entered into a society tne entrance into I which still involved sacritice aud discipline, and therefore the man who came with the brotherhood of Christianity stamped upon him, came as a man who in almost all cases was regarded as trustworthy. It was not so with us as with the early Christians. It is of a charity beyond that, without those con ditions. that one of the first Christian writers says—"Lot thine arm sweat into tnine hand until thou knowest to whom thou givest." For this is certainly true. True Christian love—love which is like God's love—can never be something which satisfies merely our emotion and feelings of the moment. It must be something which involves thought, consideration, which is the movement ol the whole mau, which goes out in a prolonged aud thoughtful effort to do substantial and permanent good, We need, then, to cross-examine the character of our love, and we need to cross-examine it as to whether the phrases and con ditions of tho past are not passing into conditions where they need altogether to be remodelled and sometimes reversed. Tlie feudal relation, as you might have seen it in the country very generally existing not very long ago—the relation of squire and parson uud peasantry was, when you got good ex amples of it, altogether a beautiful and attrac tive thing. It subsists still in the country, and will probably more or less long subsist; but it has vanished altogether, and I sup pose for ever, in the towns: Another ideal has taken its place, other phrases are in men's months; they are the phrases of brotherhood. Brotherhood means. I sup pose, broadly something of this kind ; that eacn man, as lie is horn into tho world, has something of a right to those conditions of life which enable him to have a fair chance to make the best of the faculties which God has given him. We walls about our town and everywhere there meets us what con tradicts plainly any ideal of this kind. Tlie contrast is so obvious that it appeals to us continuously. Of late years it lias been con tinually represented to our imagination ; we have had tlie bitter cry of this and that and the other Drought before us. But the question is whether at all proportionately to what we have seen in literature, to what we have heard in talk, there has been any moral effort any adequate or proportionate moral effort, whether we are at ail recognising broadly as Christians that this is one of those situations where the old commandment becomes a new commandment, and demands altogether a new effort of the will and heart and thought of Christians to meet and respond to it. In how many cases lias the only result been a certain amount of reading, a certain amount of emotional pity, and a certain amount of criticism of the men who are more or less continuously engaged in trying to stem the evil, to remedy it, to bring about a better state of things ? We have not yet begun to realise, most of us, what is really meant by Christian alms giving. I say it in ali seriousness. I believe 1 not speukiiipr one exaggerated word. Christian almsgiving does not begin till the giving of money is continuous and syste matic and unsolicited, and until the expenditure has become such as reallv reduces the scale of what otherwise we might spend on our own comfort, luxury, and enjoyment. Christian almsgiving does not begin till that point where it involves real self denial. I his principle requires application, of course, m infinite detail, to all the great varieties of income and the claims upon them; it can be applied by each one properly only for himself; out I am sure that it is not generally those whose incomes are narrowest who are most inclined to ignore what this means. I have tried simply to present to you some thing of the great meaning of the law of love. Ho who will try to enlist his whole being in the service of this law of love will have beyond all question his labor, his struggle, his pains, his disappointments. There is a story of Frederick Denison Maurice which may give point to my words. He was stand ing opposite one of those pictures of St. John the Evangelist, one of those innumerable pictures in which the painter has chosen to represent tho Apostle of Love as a young and smooth-looking emotional person, ] effeminate and soft and ecstatic in his de ; meaner. It is, indeed, a marvel how the thick handed fisherman, the sou of thunder, disci plined by suffering into the Apostle of Love, could ever have been so repre sented by the imagination of tlie painter, and Maurice stood opposite that picture and groaned, and then he .-aid, " lie would not have been like that; lie wouid have been scarrsd and furrowed." And he to whom he was speaking looked at Maurice and said, "Isaw U s lace, and it was as he described; it was scarred and fun sued, because lie had learned to Jove." So it will he, brethren, and the reward is that one re ward—fellowship with the life of God ! 