A MOTHER'S SIN; OR The Northcombe Mystery, By CHARLEs GoRDWooD. CHAPTER IX. UNDER THE FLAG-POST. To Margaret Grantham Blanche Foyle was areveltion of another world. She had had few friends, and her knewledge of ociety had been drawn from her school doys, and a?ch oblique peens Into the ways of the world as may be obtained from a roouslyconducted "finishing sochooL" To this had been added the delightful tour o the Continent with the Ingrams, and the slkinkl expodition in North Wales. But Sworld of theatres, the world of Cowes, of ewmarket, of Henley, of Ascot, of garrison wns, of naval stations, was only known to her as pleasant wickedness withwhloh she had out the bowing acquaintance which come from reading thebs novels, espeially the lighter flight of novels, which school. lrl may buy on their railway journeys. irs Cardigtma subscribed to Mudie'e, but the periodical box was always kept in her bedroom, while Margaret was supposed to feed her intelligence from the boot- shelves in the morning.oeg. Mrs Foyle had married a man who had money and racing and yachting tastes. He had also liked to idser, and frequently took her for long oyages, becase he liked to be on board a ino.o--o liner. It struck Margaret that there w a life with which Mrs Foyle did not appear to be acquainted - the ilfe of the drawing-room, of ladies of birth and uonltunre; and Indeed, the society with which her husband had been able to make her acquainted was of the rough-and-tumble type, which anyone may enjoy who has money to spend on boxes at the theatre, yachts, houseboats, hotels, and racs.meetings. Sometimes, indeed, Mar garet was rather shocked at the reminia cenoes which Blanche poured forth, and in something, however bright and amusing, she woa not quite satisfactory. For instance, Margaret was Intensely religios--sn "Anelo-Cathollo" of an en thusiastic description. Mrs Foyle would not even go to church on Sundays, and would play comio opera at unseasonable times. She was apparently heathen, and didn't seem to have even religious Instinct. "I can't think how you can go on with out praying," said Margaret, pained at an emission which she could not fail to notice and hoping a serious turn to a conversation mi?ht be fruitful or more reassuring. Mrs Foyle simply said, "I don't under. stand anything about these things. You see, I was never taught how to be a good girL My dad, I am f raid, was As godless sa Iam, and my mother died when I was a baby." "Then how were you brought up ?" "Howl I was not brought up at all. I found my own way up." "And you never went to school?" 'Oh, yes, to a Board school You see. dad was horribly poor." "Bot you did not learn languages and music at a B ard sohool, and you speak French well and play divinely." "No; I learnt French amongst French people, and musaa- well, I learnt music somehow or other. I don't think I remem ber how. It came, I suppose--" "And dancing 1" "Oh, I went to a dancing-school" Margaret looked at her oharge-for so she had learnt to regard her-with large, round eyes. To her the subject was a sacred one. She herself was a little too introspective and self-analyt?cal, and a chance growth, a spontaneous development, were outside the relgions empiricism of the devotional manual which was her goide to character, "I do wish you would tell me your story \--all about yourself." " My dear Margaret, it wouldn't interest you in the least. I was born. I grew. I fell in love three or four times. I married. I chucked marriage. These are all the chapters." "All' asked Margaret quietly. "*Well, nearly all the chapters. Lt's go and bathe. I think I was meant for a mermaid this hot weather." " I'm not sure that you're not a mermaid, er something of the sort. You don't seem to understand what religion, or responsa. bility, or care means." 'No; nor domestic economy, algebra, geology, conchology, or any other 'ology. My education was shamefully neglected." I don't mean that. But, forgive me for saying it, B:nche. You are a married woman, and you have done what to me seemsm the most serious thing possible. You have left your husband, and it doesn't seem to trouble you in the least," "Y.'u think that rather fishy, St Mar "Don't call me 'eaintl' I'm not a bit of a saint: but some girls seem to be so differet." " So they are, Now, I want to tell you a secret. Do you know that there is a do lghtful boat kept in the cave under the cliff! I would give anything to go out in that best and have a swim in deep water. If only Dick were here, I'd get him to push it down to the sea for us." Margaret somehow felt rather glad that Dick was not there. Mrs Foyle per. plexed her, and though her fan kept her amused all day long, she began to doubt whether this rebellious wife was the most desirable companion for her. She deter mined to be very striot wisth herself in re gard to the duty of self.examination for the rest of irs Foyle's visit, Her visit! She had been aocepted into the zefuge of their home until her plans might be arranged. But not a word yet had nre Foyle said about her plans. She had now been with them ten days, but Mrs Foyle had not referred to her future, or sposeamo in the least solicitdous bout it. She went down the zcig-nag path with Mrs Foyle and surveyed the boat in the cave. "It wants a coat of tar and a couple of co. ?nd then we could use it." observepd Mras Foyle,. The worst of being a woman is that yonu ea't get on long without a man. If Dick doen't come baok soon, I shall go and make love to the fishermen at North combe. It's very Ignominions to be oe pendont upon a man to do things that want strength and make you dirty. I wonder if a coat of aspinall would do in stead of tsr. Well, boat or no boat, I must bathe. This cae shall be my dressing "[h ad no idea it wase so large," said Mar garet, who had not been here for many ,ears, "It's a jolly aid cave, and I darmcy "mgglers used to find it to in the old days. -It's go up to the top and see whether the omugglera have left anything behind them." The carve, which was broad enough at the mouth for a man to stand ereot in it, arstrowed iter a few yards, and tisted in i~esorse tothe left Mrs Foyle, leaving fargace to sit down on a rook, groped her ay up tha recass, and ,was surprised to find that when ohe reached what seemed to be a projellon of rook around which she pased with dlffiulty, a second iner cave wa reached where all was darknel-. She aame baok to Margaret and reported her discovery. "I must sO what that second plans is lte," sheaid, 'Stay here while I go and tet some matches. It's a splendid old easel" What a strange, ereless child-woman he iat I" moralisedgrave argaret. Sbhe j101t lke a schoolboy home for a holiday." Tan camea the thonght; "Is she good 0" PFactinatng, beautiful, vivailons, she certanly wa, but Margaret was waiting lzio?naly to know more. Mrs Foyle went 1o the house, and the only servant she mold find was Hannah, whom she asked dar matches. ' Hatch.es, mra'am?! Matche at this time -f day What do you want with matche ' Old servants may be inquisitive, bnu ers Feis thought she saw more than curioity in theroman's face, "Yes, matcheal To light my pipe with, of COuree." annah gave her be, laughing. fEeo 'ihl could no. take Mrs Foyle seioruly. "To light her pipe, indeed I" she repeatod. "I wander what mischief she's up to now ? and what In the name of all that's sensible took my misatress to take in this trioksy bit of baggage to go poling about in every corner of the place just now? I've no patience with the fool I" The "fool" was IMrs Oardington. Hannah's thoughts were hardly disloyal to her mistress, for she had more than once called her a fool to her face: Provided with her matches, Blanche Foyle went back to the cave and once more disappeared. Then after a time she cried out," Margaret! Margaret I" Her voice seemed a long way off, and Margaret followed, seeing that it was impossible to hold a conversation at snoh a distance. She found the explorer at the entrance to the second cave. " This," she cried, enthusinatically, "is a perfectly charming old place I I would never have credited you with keeping anything so delightfully romantic on your domain. Look I" She had made a torch of some newspaper 1 she had brought with her, and now striking a match, exhibited the cave with all the I self- satisfaction of a showman at some 1 blood-curdling mystery In a village fair; - ] The cave was, however, by no means un. 1 interesting. It was spacious, lofty, and' almost symmetrical in Its proportions. Un. 1 questionsbly, it had the appearance of be ing the effect of natural causes; otherwise a it would have been dificult to have ex-a plained the power which had excavated a I chamber in the hard rook, of which traces I remained in its rugged walls. But It was t possible that art and mechanism had been I brought to the asslatance of nature. Mrs Foyle had a stick In her hand and began to | poke the walls, as If to show that there I was no deception, but she snuddenly paused a and screwed up more paper for a fresh m light. "Look here, Margaret, this Isn't stone ; t it's wood. Listen! Why, there's a door m of some sort here, disguised to match the r stonel" She pushed against it with her c sheoulder. "Adoop I" she repeated, staring at Margarat, "and fastened on the other t side. Where does that door lead to 1" Margarat, thoroughly interested now, a looked at her in amazement. " A door 1' "Yes, a door, without a shadow of doubt, leading I can't say where; but certainly to some communication with your house." " Come away," said Margaret, shivering in the chilly atmosphere of the cave. " I don't like these mysterles." "But I love theml" exclaimed Mrs 1 Foyle, her eyes gleaming with excitement. "It's just the delightful, creepy sort of 1 thing I love above all things. Depend e upon it," she went on, following Margaret I towards the daylight, "there is a glorious t old subterranean passage connecting this t cave with the house. Tell me, how old is( your house I' " My father bought it thirty years or so ago from the man who built it. I dareay it is fifty or sixty years old." I "'Who was the manl" "An old sailor-Admiral Fortesone," " A smuggler in his old age. I see it alL Your old admiral retired badly off, and made friends with the smugglers. He found this old cave, and scooped it out a bit to get more eoom. They ran the boat up at night, stored away the brandy, tobacco, lace-whatever it was-and then he came down and carried It up his subterranean passage .to the house, and so drove it off to Exeter, or London, or BistoL Capitall" Mrs Foyle clapped her hands in glee at the plausible explanation which her Ingenuity had hit upon. Margaret, however, turned upon her with an earnestness which almost seemed fierce "Promise me, Blanche," she said, " that you will not breathe a word about this to anyone. My aunt is so nervous that it would, I am sure, make her Ill i she knew of it. It would set her Imagining all sorts of horrors." Blanche Foyle smiled. This was the second secret she had been asked to preserve in the haort period of her visit. But she made no promise. However, she was noet one to put a matter like this out of her busy mind. A day or two passed without any reference to the discovery; but, if the truth is to be told, she had drawn a rough plan, in which it was shown that a commnnloation C ran from a given point A-vlz., the door in the cave-to the point B, at the bottom of D i.e., the turret stairoase. Of the accuracy of this plan she was as certain as if she had explored every step of the thirty yards or so for which the secret passage, to fit in with her plan, must extend. Reconnoitring the garden, she found that the old admiral's 1 flag-post was exactly over the site of tha second cave, and doubtless was used by him for signalling purposes. She would have done well to leave the theory thus beautifully elaborated to abide In its no. demonstrated completeness in her romantic mind; but. unfortunately, she must needs seek additional evidence. Margaret was unspeakably surprised when Blanche one day at breakfast looked rather demurely at her plate and said: "I have been thinking, Margaret, that our days ought not to be entirely wasted. I know you used to be a sort of perennial Santa Claus for the old and Infirm people in the village. I am tired of being so selfish, and am going to visit the poor." "Whati You?' "Yes, me I Is that grammar, I wonder? I am going to Northoombe. I shall go to the shop and buy tea and tobacco in small parcels. Then yop will take me to a few of the most rickety old paupers on your list, and I shall be a ministering angel with my 'baocy In one hand and my tea in the other. It will be rather a lark I' "Blanche, I do wish you would be serious. Do you really mean thls'" Distriot visiting to Margaret was one of the serious things oE life, and she naturally re sented the flippant tene of the new Iam in deadly earnest," said Blanohe. "I want to help you, but I hate wool'en and flannel doles. Let me try to give the old things something coomfortable. I suppose you wouldn't let me take some "Certainly not. We only give wine when they are very ill, after the dootor has ordered it. But, If you are really in earnestIam so pleased. It is so nice to find that yon feel for the poor-" "Oh, ef course. I've always had a sort of idea-I don't know how-that, as the bard -waa it George B,, or the other fellow in the 'Pink Un,' I wonder I-well, as some fellow says, 'The poor in the lump In "That was Tennyson," corrected Margaret, brightly, uplifted a little by finding her education stand by her, after having been made consclous tf her ignor ance of English literature by the reference to the others authors. "Tennyconl WVell, perhaps you are right. But I have been thinking, don't yon know, that I ought to see something of the poor, not in the lump- because I don't like the smell of corduroys in a crowded room--but In just a few chosen specimens. You will know the sort." Margaret was cheered. After all, might it not be true that Mrs Foyle concealed a genuoine and kindly woman's heart under her outward display of thoughtlessneso? fume good Christin people, sebe remem bered, will resort to all kinds of well intentioned hypocrisy to e cape being ridiculed as hypocrites by lbs sceptical world. "Then let uE get ready at once," she said. Blanothe put her arms akimbo and daneed out of the room. Now Margarot hnd once seen a panto mime. Pat Blanothe on the tge in the costume of a certain fairy who danced. and tbe air, the gesture, the very steps of this dance out of the room, would have com plsoeIy prodoced the effoct which ohe re mcmbercd. = 'rhe visit to the village produced equally straoge impreseions. Mrs Foy~e wos tsken to three cottegel. In the first lived a querulous and rheumatic old woman, who rose politely as soon as she saw her visitors, and awed Blanche by plecing a large family |Bible on the table, the srignificanoe of whtch action the recruit left to the regular officer to perceive. A quarter of a pound of tea brought a glimmer of a smile to the wrinkled old face. The secondvilit was to Mrs Perriam, wife of the gardener at Flag-post Cottage. She was cheerful and resigned, and accepted two packets-one of tobacoo for her good man, and one of tea for herself. As soon as the ladies had left this worthy person hobbled to her cupboard and produced a short clay-pipe, and proceeded to test the tobacoo for herself, and it is a lamentable fact that Perriam never tasted the flavour of this excellent packet of " Sailor's Glory," which had been strongly recommended to the benefactor by the keeper of the village store. At the third house Margaret intro duced her friend, and then went off to pay an independent visit to the schoolmistress, leaving Blanche to strike out for herself. Here was a perfectly ideal cottage. An old fisherman of nioeti roosted in a high chair at the fireside, and was oalled gran'dad." A careworn-looking woman, with a large family of sickly children, shared the room with him. "Gran'dad," was bright, and had a twinkling eye, but Blanohe was assured that he would never be better than be was in this world, for "his stummak's wore out." There was a preposterously large black tom.cat called "She" and a jackdaw attached to the establishment, and an occasional bark and a snarl disclosed the presence of a small dog in a cupboard biy the fireplace. When lar. garet, aooerding to agreement, returned to this cottage, she found " gcan'dad" with a long clay pipe between his toothless jaws. The tea had been made, and Mrs Foyle had joined the family in a cup. She had the baby in her arms and the rest of the children all round her, and was singing them a song with plenty of "patter" in it, while the old man nodded with his head and kept time with his feet. It was a pleasant but wonderfnl eight to Margaret, who had never been able to obtain much Influence over this family. Mrs Foyle finished her seng, and promised to come again. "I like them best of all," she said, a she and Margaret walked away. " The old man is very callous and In different to all good advice. His son-the poor creature's husband-is an inveterate posoher. The woman is well enough when she is sober." "Never mind I I can get on there. Yout respectable people are too sanctimonil one. These black sheep don't try to hum. bug me. I shall go and see them again." And as soon as the old man, assisted by his son, had worked through the tobaoo, and the tea was ranning short, behold I Mrs Foyle appeared with fresh instalments, and the family greeted her with smiles. This time she did not sing, but accepted a chair close to "gran'dad." " You've lived a long time 2" she began. "Ninety-one years come Martinmas," replied the veteran, without removing his pipe. ' You've been a sailor, I suppose ?" "Twenty year in the navy, Fifty year at Nor'combe." "Dear me, that's along time. You must remember lots of things." The old man looked round the room as if searching for a fitting comparison for the dimensions of his memory. " His memory's very good," sald his daughter-in law. "Ain't it gran'dad 2" "I should think so. I remember Queen Victoria's crowning." "Indeed I" " And-and heaps o' things. Wrecks? Yes, a sight o' wrecks." "And the old smuggling days 2" hazarded Blanohe, carelesely. "Smuggling 1" repeated "gran'dad." "' Oh, ay, smuggling I" "I should think the coast about here was a good one for that sort of thing 2" " Well, not amiss." "You remember Mrs Cardington's house being built ?' "Ay, the admiral's. Now who'd ha' thought that I remember that place of his'n when the old housestood there! Joe Terry lived in It. Admiral pulled her down and built yon place. Ram old place it were, moreover. Admiral he found her'd gotten a room underground, and built his tower on to it---" "Did he make the passage leading to the cave!" "Gran'dad" looked at her in virtuous astonishment. "What --the passage!" he repeated, vacantly. "Yes: there's a passage leads from the cave under the cliff to the tower." "Gran'dad" shook his head. He did not understand. Mrs Foyle took out her purse. She selected a bright half.sovereign-one of her few remaining ooins-and put it down on the table at her elbow. The old man looked at it, and solemnly winked at it. " 'Tilda," he said, "just you stop them ohilder olatterin'." He brandished a stick which stood against the wall conveniently within reach of his hand, and the whole family sheered off and went out into the street. 'Tilde did not move. "You was speaking about a passage," he said, putting out a hand and touaching her dress with a long, bony finger. "Now I come to think of it, there was a passage up to Joe Terry's. Led, her did, to the cave. Admiral he builded her walls, and pqt her a light-hole--" " A light-hole '' "Ay. I see II man do it. I'll tell ye. Go into the garden. There's a gravel walk runs east and west. Measure her eighteen feet from east to west. Then sorat' a hole six inches deep, and you'll come on a kind of trap-door. Lift her, and you'll see a grating; that's the old light-hole. Now I'll tell ye about that passage. Joe Terry did a bit of trade at night--" " On the Q. T. 2" said Blanche. "I believe you. Uncommon handy her was for running a keg or two of French brandy. And there's three chaps lefa of us as knows the searet. There's me, my son Jan, and Long Joe." "And me," added Blanehe. SAnd you, miss. And there sin ta chap as'd go up that passage o' night for fifty 'Tilds started, and a thin smile played over her pale face. "Gran'dad" was coming out strong. "A nd why 2" asked Blanche, "Frit. Admiral For'scue, I've heard, used to run down in his soarlet dresalng gown for a bathe, but he got fr't, and give in. They aould never lay the ghost." "A ghost I That's grand I Tell me all abeut it." b"Ii war Joe Terry's doing. He was in terfered with, and a chap went after him up that pteasge, and was never heard of again. Joe, you see, ought to have given the man Christian burial, but he didn't; and one day admiral finds a bit of sscking stowed away betwixt some rooks. He polls and pulls, and a whole skeleton of a man comes out wropped up in sacking. It wa the wrong-headed chop as interfered. Well, admiral, he had the borase buried in churchyard, but it wouldn't do. The chap as they belonged to see'd 'on stowed away behind the rooks, hobut he didn't see 'nn buried, d'yo see, And he's allis walking up and down that paasago looking for 'nn. Admiral he shut down that light-hole and puttied up every chink and creck in the door; but I reckon he's boxed in there still. You'vo never gone In the garden at night and heard a rumbling like ? I expeot he's shiftieg every stone in the place," " I can't say that I've heord any noises at present," said Blanche, riesing. "Thank youen for your story. You'd better put away that half.sovereign. Oh, by the bye, I may as well give yen this. I think it bc longs to your son, You may tell him that I picked it up." e?h placed on the table beside the half ~sovereign a large clasp-knife such as sailores commonly use. "John Scriven" was scratched on the black horn handle; and Blanche, having incidentally Inquired whether another family of the same name existed in Northoembe, had naturally sour mshed that it must belong to "Jan"- 'Tilda's hbsband-and no other. Grandfather Scriven took it up eagerly and examined It, "Ay, her be Jan's" he assented, with a grin. "Sot down to out his 'baoca, and forgot her I Thank you, mise, and good day, miss. You'll come to see us again 1" CHAPTER X. MiRS FOYLE'S SONG. "If Jack is alive, why does he not come to me or write " asked Margaret, looking steadfastly into Miss Ingram's face on the Brat evening on which her friend arrived. "I cannot noderstand it. That man told me as distinctly as I wrote to you, that he had seen him on board a steamer. That must be, at least, two months ago, andI,have heard nothing. Dick has written to me to say that nothing is know about him at the Admiralty, or at their club. I am afraid It Is all some hideous mistake, and he is dead, or else something terrible has happened to him in London." "It is certainly strange," said Molly. "I can assure you that his mother is as much perplexed as you are. She began to hope, from what you said in your letters, but now she has quite broken down again. My own belief, Meg, knowing Jack as I do, Is that he is dead, and that he was not seen on board the steamer. I think that you will be wise to look at the matter from the worst point of view. Now I've got to make friends with your aunt, and then there Is Mrs Foyle I I'm dying to see Mrs Foyle, after all that you have told me of her." "You will meet them both at dinner. You must be prepared to find my annt very reserved. She never care to have strangers here, and it is really wonderful how she has taken to Blanche Foyle," " So be it. I am going to make love to the aunt. My opinion about Mrs Foyle I'll let you know when I have seen her. Now for my war-paint, I'll be ready in ten minutes, Meg." Miss Ingram appeared in the drawing' room in a quiet black evening-dress, and Mrs Cardington, who was ready to receive her, saw nothing in the stout yonug lady who came towards her to connect her with the terrible Miss Ingram of her expectas tions. She certainly quailedalittlebeneath the steady gaze of the pince-ni ; but be yond the fact that in her opinion her new visitor was far too stout for a young woman of thirty, there was nothing in her appear anoe which seemed open to criticiam. What habe had expected, it is imposrblle to say; but she felt greatly relieved when Miss ogram esat down, and joined her in a very commonplace style of conversation. The arrival of Blanche Foyle interrupted the conversation. '! Mrs Foyle, Miss Ingram." Mist Ingram bowed. Mrs Foyle bowed. They were Introduced. "You have had a hot and dusty journey, I am afraid 7" said Mrs Foyle, languidly. Miss Ingram bowed, and resumed her conversation with Mrs Cardington, leaving Margaret and Blanche to talk out the time until dinner should be announced. Naturally, Margaret, having, in defiance of domestic critiocim, made a friend of a woman who was not conventional, and having succeeded in introducing that friend into her house, was consciously regarding her from two points of view during that frst dinner. Fret, she was, it must be confessed, a little afraid that Molly might say or do something which would be con sidered outrd from a social aspsot. Secondly, she was consumed with anxiety that Molly should. show herself off to the beat advantage, dazzle her aunt and the other guest by the cleverness which she certainly possessed, and justify the "hero worship" of which she had been made the object. When she glanced acros the table at Molly's strong face, she saw reserve and self- restraint clearly defined there, and knew that for the present, at least, she need not question her friend's discretion. But Molly was not apparently inclined to pnt her beat self forward. She was strangely quiet and commonplace ; and only occasionally by the expresalon of the lips, and the way in which the pince.nez was levelled across the table, was she able to realise that instead of opening herself to oritiaism, her friend was herself in an in tensely critical humour, and that the object of her criticism was Mrs Foyle. Blanche was not behaving well. She was laughing and talking with a freedom which jarred upon her, and, indeed, she seemed to be taking wine rather too quickly to be seemly. Margaret noted this fact with pain, and knew also that Molly was taking note of It. Mrs Cardington seemed amused at the way in which the one guest rattled on from one topic of conversation to another, and also ill at ease with the other, who eat silent, or only speaking in mono syllables. When Blanche towards the end of the meal upset her wine, and said, " Damn I-I beg pardon I" and fell back in her chair pretending to laugh off the dis credit of the situation, Mrs Cardington only stared, Molly's lips twitobed, This was most unfortunate, and It was a great relief to Margaret when her aunt rose and pro posed a return to the drawing-room. Molly took Margaret aside. "Mrs Foyle is a trifle odd, I think," she remarked. "By the bye, do you happen to know; Meg, what her maiden name was Y" "No; all I know about her is that she is Mrs Foyle, and that she happens to have enlisted Jack's sympathy as a perseeuted woman," "It tis a pity that, when she disarded her wedding-ring, she did not resnme her maiden name. Your aunt, Meg, interests me supremely. She had something on her mind, Does she always change colour whenever she speaks about her son 1" " She is exceedingly nervous," whispered Margaret. "indeed?' said Molly, quietly, turning away, and crossing the room to take a seat near Mrs Cardington. Blanche by request went to the piano, and played some lively music, and then sang a ourleos song. It was what Is called a patter song, and was remarkable only for the Whiteohapel dialeot in which it was ex pressed. Mrs Cardington at, its conclusion, said; "Thank you r" Miss Ingram turned her head towards the performer, and asked "Have yenou the musio of that song2? It it very bright, and I should like to copy it." "I haven't it, I'm afraid," answered Mrs Feyle, "No I was afraid not, because It has not been pubhshed I have been told that it is one of Harry Walker's great songs, and he composes his own words, and the masic as well, and never publishes either. How were yen lucky enough to obtain it ?" "Oh, I picked it Op. don't you know 1" "In a muslo-hall," mattered Molly, inaudibly, adding alouad: "How clever of youI BDt then one picks up so many things in London. I thought that you had lived almost entirely abroad 1" "Oh, that kind of thing soon gets about," answered Blanche, carelessly, but with a slight increase of colour as her eyes met the foiull attack of the pincane:. "How hot it is !" she said, fanning her self with a sheet of munalo. "I think I should like a turn in the garden." " A capital ides," said Mis IngramI, "if Mrs Cardington will not mind--- Mrs Cordlngton graciously approved the erggestion; but Margaret. receiving a eignal from Molly, preferred to remain in doors. She and her asnt remained in the draw Ing room, the one reading and the other working at some needlework, while the two visitors promenaded the garden-walks by moonlight in the cool of the Augost vng. Tb bc Conlinued). 