SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME, CHAPTIER XXIV INVESTIGATING THE MYSTERY. THE answer from Scotland Yard to Monk's telegram had been to the effect that the superintendent would place one of his best men at Lord Chetwynd's service, and that the officer thus detailed would arrive at East boutrne upon the following day by the morn. ing express. The young marquis had resolved that the real character of the detective officer for whom he had sent should be made known only to his most trusted friends, namely SSanders and Gilbert and Sylvia Monk. He .wouldnoitimpart the secret even to the butler or the.li.hpusekeeper, lest in some way it ' should transpire, and so defeat his object. Accordingly ie gave orders that a room should.bte prepared for an expected guest. * An'd in order to prepare the officer for the I61e of guest, he ordered a carriage at a su-i: able hour upon the following morning, and drove over to Eastbourne to meet. the detective, intending tofully enlighten him as to the cause of his own disquiet before the officer should arrive at Chetwynd Park. He drove directly to the station, arriving just as the train steamed slowly in. He alighted and made his way to the platform, and surveyed the passengers as they stepped out from the coaches. From one of the first-class compartments issued hbs-rccent travelling companion, Mr. Basil Teinpest. Forgetting his errand at the station in his surprise, Chetwynd sprang forward wi:h out. stretched hand, exclaiming: 'My dear friend, I had supposed you had forgotten rne. You are bound to Cbetwynd Park, arde'you not ?' * I have: run down unannounced to make you a liatle visit, my lord. I have borne your kicd invitation in mind, but have not been able to accept it until now.' 'Yo0u have given me a pleasant surprise, sir. I feel flattered that you have abandoned all the grand banquetings in your honour for a visit to me.' S'I cotont Lord Chetwynd as one of myfew friends,' said Tempest, bitterly, ' and I am not such a prodigal as to forget a friend.' :A little man, who had emerged from a second class coach, and who had been ques tioning. the station-master, now approached SChetwynd, raising his hat. ;.. Have I the honour of speaking to Lord Chetwynd ?' be asked. The marquis bowed assent. The Stranger, with a deep inclination of his head, piresented his lordship a card, upon which was inscribed, ... .,· ' IP) TOne BISSET, '&c;~:tkeud Yardn. T: he 'little man was the detective who had b., een placed at Chetwynd'sr service, and was o.one 'of the shrewdest and most acute men in "'-Thb (: iarquis greeted him politely, and ,surveyed him with a sense of disappointment. ; ::Hew.~ialittle,. dapper fellow, very gentle. ', manoly?,~i demeanour; he was, in fact, of S.gentle l:lod, and had taken to his present calling .oro sheer 'love of it. Despite his conviction that Mr. Biseset would bie nmore ornamental than useftil, Lord Chetwynd saw that he was a gentleman, and treated him as such. He introduced him to Tempest, not making known his character, and conducted both his guests to the large barouche which was inwaiting. A minute y later they were driving through Eastbourne Son their ivay to Chetwynd Park. ' You are not looking so well as when last I saw you, my lord,' said the great explorer. 'Your native air does not agree with you You look harassed and worn, as if your days were full of anxiety. 'I may as well tell you the truth, Mr. Tempest,' said the marquis, gravely. ' Per haps :your clear head, in conjunction with Mr. Bisstt's shrewdness, may be a great help to me. We can talk freely-the old coachman is stone deaf--and I have a conviction that I can unburden myself to you with utter un reserve. I came over to the station to meet Mr Bisset that I might have a confidential talk with him. Mr. Bisset is a gentleman employed in the detective force. He comes from Scotlandl Yard.' Tempest looked surprised. Bisset seemed to him like a shallow Regent-street dandy. and.why should Lord Chetwynd require the services of a detective officer ?' ''Have you been robbed, my lord ?' asked Tempest. The officer leaned forward with a faint show of interest on his beardless face. He slipposed that he bad been summoned to track out a robber, or discover some secret thiefemployed in the Chetwynd household, and had,been by no means flattered at the task assigned him. 'No, I have not been robbed,' declared Chetwynd. 'I am enveloped in a strange mystery. I want' that mystery solved for me.' '' Of vw;hat nature is this mystery, my lord ?' asked Bisset, with increasing interest. ' 1 must begin at the beginning,' replied Lord Chetwynd. He tihen rapidly sketched his visit to St. Kilds;. his falling in love with Bernice, their marriage, her death, and hier repeated appear ances to'him since her burial. At the con clusion of the narrative, Cietsynd breathed heavily, his face ghasaly pale, his blue eyes wild and strange in their eager wistfulness and yearning. ' A strange illusion,' said Bisnset, placidly. 'I beard ofa man once who fancied himself a tea.kettle, and was only cured of the de. lusidin by being placed upon a hot stove. And yeou, my lord, believe yourself to be haunted I The delusion is not unpreceden ted. A thousandl men have deemed them. selves haunted. By the by, the Miss Monk you mention is your lordship's betrothed wife, is she not ?' 'Yes. We are to be married next month,' replied Cbetwynd, gloomily. ' It is desirable, then, that you should rid your mind of this singular delusion as early as possible,' remarked Bisset. SYou have not heard all. You think me a msno-maniac, I see; but listen. When my wife last appeared to me-the night before last-I pursued her. I bounded after hier down the long aisles of the conservatory I grasped at her; I caught her sleeve-' ' Ah!' breathed Bisset. 'And I tore from it this bit of lace, a real, tangible proof that the garments at least were not spectral. Look i' Chetwynd took from his pocket a tiny packet, which being undone, was found to consist of a yellow, wrinkled, and torn scrap ,nf old point lace. .Bisset and Tempest examined the lace with eager curiosity. 'This psts a new view upon the matter, my lord' said the detective, speakling no longer in a drawl, but in a quick, business voice. 'Your spectre was a living woman. How was she dressed ?' 'In her burial robes-.a long, white silk gown, cut square at the neck, with frills of lace like that hiding her fair bosom, and with sleeves cut oft at the elbows and edged with lace. She has always appeared to me iathe same dress.' 'Hum !' said Mr. Bisset. 'Has any one else seen this white.robed angel beside your self, my lord ?' 'Miss Monk saw her, and believed her a ghost. No one else saw her. She comes and goes like a shadow. I believe her to be a living woman. But who is she? But that I know Bernice to be dead- What is this mystery, Mr. Bisset ? I have sent for you to probe it.' 'I should say, at first glance,' said the officer, 'that some young women was trading upon ber resemblance to the late Lady Chetrwynd. There is no doubt, of course, that Lady Chetwynd is dead ?' 'She died is my arms, and ly for six days in my house unburiedt, and I then consigned her to the Chetwynd family vaul: in the Chetwynd parish church,' declared his lord. ship solemnly. ' And yet, Mr. Bisset, I can swear that that scrap of lace came from my wile's burial robe. The pattern is peculiar, you will observe.' ' Had La.y Chetwynd much of this lace among her effects?' asked Bisset. 'None of that pattern except upon the dress in which she was buried. The gown was made for her in London.' 'We'll look into the matter of this lace, my lord. Whoever is counterleiting the dead Lady Chetwynd is doing so skilfullyvi without regard to trouble or expense, and conse quently with an object. What that object is we must determine. Do you know of any body who is averse to your marriage with Miss Monk ?' 'I do not. My marriage with her is re garded as a matter of course,' replied Lord Chetwynd. 'I was engaged to marry her years ago, but sbe broke the engagement just before I went away on the cruise that re. suited in may marriage to Bernice. My wife, in dying, urged me to marry again; and sipnce my return, althougb I have not ceased in my love and fidelity to the dead, I have renewed my former engagement with Miss Monk.' 'Hum l' said Mr. Bisset; and somehow he uttered the simple ejaculation in a manner that made it pregnant with meaning. ' You must not deem me over-curious, my lord, but as you have desired me to aslist in the solution of the mystery of Lady Chetwynd's spectre, I must ask you to be perfectly frank with me, and to give me considerable infor mation that will seem, perhaps, to have no bearing.upon the matterin question. I must know every member in your hou-ehold, ser vants and all. To begin with the chief person. age next to yourself, my lord; who is Miss Monk ?' The marquis fancied thait the bfficer's questions were growing intrusive, and be re plied, coldly : 'She is my step-sister and promised wife. She is the daughter of my mother's second husband, Colonel Monk.' ' Born in India, my lord ?' The marquis bowed with a -suspicion of baughtiness. ' And her brother is here also, my lord 7' He is, at present. He is reading law with Scotsby and Newman, of Chancery Lane.' ' Hum II know Scotsby aid Newman,' said Mr. Bisset, coolly.. 'Eicellent firm. So Mr. Gilbert' Monk is reading law with them ? Thanks, my lord. And Mr. Monk I suppose, was also born in India. I have a partiality for India and India people. I was born in India, my father being an officer of the East India Company. I was out there during my first ten years, and I've been back since attaining my manhood. I suppose I know as much of India and the natives as any man of my age living.' The carriage rolled on through the village and up the hill beyond, entering the shadows of the park, and soon reached the house. The young marquis conducted his guest, Mr. Tempest, and the detective, Mr. Bisset, to the library. Here his lordship, at Bisset's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Chetwynd's spectre ansd the facts connected wish its repeated appearance, submitting to be cross-examined even to the minutest de. tails. The dandy-like officer dropped his little affectations ol eye-glass asod draw!, and listened with a keen interest, and. exhibited a cool, calm judgment, a clear perception, and an acuteness and shrewdeess that caused Lord Cbetwynd to revoke his earlier opinion of him, and to respect and have faith in him. 'I am to pass as your guest, my lord, equally with your actual guess, Mr. Tempest,' said the officer, when Chetwynd had given all the information in his power. 'How many people in your house, my lord, know me in my true character ?' 'Only Miss Monk, Mr. Monk, Mr. Tempest, and myselt,' was the response. ' The housekeeper, butler, and under ser vants, of course, are in ignorance of your business here, of your name, even. They have been told that I expect a guest.' 'Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr. Monk knew me only as your guest,' said the officer. 'Men of my profession like to work in secret, Most ladies have a maid or confi dential attendant to whom they impart a good share of their secrets, and these maids are sieves, for the most past. But to return to business. Wll you take me to your con servatory, drawing- room, and music-room, and point out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will call your visitor a spectre for the present, my lord-appeared to your lordship ?' Chetwynd assented, and asked Tempest if he would accomspany them. 'If you please,' said the great explorer. He led Tempest and the officer to the drawing and mrusic-rooms, and pointed out the spots where Beroice had first and last ap pearedd-how she had escaped pursuit, run ning down the aisle of the conservatory, and out of the open door. Mr. Bisset went over the ground carefully, and then said: 'My lord, I will undertake the solution of this mystery, but I desire you' to leave the whole master in my hands. Permit me to comse and go about your house at will, to question your servants, to have a night-key to one of your outer doors, and to comport myself in all respects as a rarely privileged guest, or as a member of your family.' 'You may make your o.n terms, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis 'I resign the management of the matter into your hands.' His lordship showed his guests to their rooms, and a little la'er lurcheot was an. nounced. Miss Monk did not appear at the table, but Gilbert came in, boyish of aspect, with a jovi.l smile on his swarthy face, and a great affecltatlion of lightheartedness in his manner. Chetwynd introduced his step brother to hIis distinguished guest, and to the d'tective flicer:; Monk greeted him courte ously. Mr. Bisset had resumed his drawl and the use of his eye-glass. He appeared to Monk a mere dandy, wbose skill in his profession was a matter of doubt, and Monk conceived a great contempt for him. 'Of course, Mr. Bisset,' said Monk, at an early pause in the conversation, speaking with a slight tinge of superiority in his manner, as to a social inferior, 'You have heard all about Lady Chetwynd's spectre? You are the gentleman from Scotland Yard, I take it, as Mr. Tempest is well-known to everybody, by name at least, as the great traveller and ex plorer. Chetwynd Park, although one of the grandest residences to England, has hitherto lacked that crowning charm---ao authentic ghost. The deficiency appears to he supplied at last, and the Park may fairly be said to be haunted !' The flippa.ncy of this address, and the off hand allusion to Lady Chetwynd, whose name the marquis could not yet bear without pain, surprised and disgusted Monlkslisteners. He had meant to seem boyish and thought less, but he had in reality appeared coarse and heartless. 'Perhapsyou can give me some information Mr. Monk,' said the detective, quietly. 'Lord Chetwynd tells me that you were standing in the doorway of the conservatory looking out upon the garden upon the first night of the spectre's appearance, Mdr. Monk, and yet you saw nothing of her.' 'Nothing whatever.' Just then the butler opened the door and came in with a yellow envelope upon the salver, which he presented to Mr. Monk, saying apologetically : 'A telegram, sir, which a moun'el mes senger has just brought over from Eastbourne, and says it is to he delivered immediate, sir. Monk took up the envelope and tore it open. It wes dated at London that very morning, and had been delivered with com mendable promptness. It was brief, contain ing these words : 'The runaway client has turned up. No harm has been done. All is well. The client will be held until you come. You can take your own time. The client not being well, cannot be removed under a week, and in the meantime you can feel assured that all is safe. SCOTSBY AND NEWMAN.' Monk read the message twice. It was from Flack, his trusted confederate, as he well knes. The form of the message he'had himself dictated beforehand, in view of this emergency. He comprehended its meaning. Beroice was in the bands of Flack and Mrs. Crowl. An evil joy and exultation flamed up into his swarthy face, and an evil gleam lighted up bis small black eyes. Safe! safe I He could defy old Ragee and her hatred of Lady Chetwynd now. He could defy Bisset and all Scotland Yard. Bernice and his secret were safe ! Calming himself by an effort, he said to the butler: 'There's no answer. Here's a half-sover eign for the messenger. Send him to the Chetwynd inn to bait his horse, and tell him to have the bill charged to me. Thait's all.' He gave the butler a gold piece, and that functionary departed. Then for the third time Monk read his little message exul. tingly. He looked up at last with a sense of uneasiness, to find Bisset looking carelessly towards him. ' Have you good news, Gilbert ?' asked Lord Chetwynd. ' Excellent news, my lord. It's a telegram from Scotsby and Newman, and on business too. It announces simply that a little specu lation I entered into a while since has turned out a success. And, of course, I'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as I am can afford to laugh even at small successes.' Monk crumpled up his telegram, thrust it in his pocket, and then gave himself up to a few minutes' meditation. He did not deem it wise to proceed immediately to London. He desired to watch the movements of the detective officer, and to divert him if posasible, trom any approach of the truth. He feared that his departure on the very day of Bisset's arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon him. As Bernice was safe in the hands of his allies, and not well enough to be removed to Mawr Castle, he could afford to.wait a week before going on to see her. He felt it neces sary to communicate with. Flack and Mrs. Crowl immediately, and as secretly as pos sible. Accordingly, directly after .luncheon, he went to his own room to write a letter to his confederates. Bisset excused himself, and wandered away by himself. Lord Chetwynd ordered out a pair of thoroughbreds and with Tempest went out for a swift gallop through the park anrid over the estate. Some two hours afterward they rode slowly through the village of Chetwynd-by-sea, and ascended the bill that led to the park. In advance of themt a slender, gentlemanly figure was w:lking slowly, smoking a cigar. ' It is Mr. Bisset,' said Tempest. ' He has been down to the village.' ' What cats he hope to discover by a visit to the village ?' said Chetwynd. 'He knows his own business, however, I suppose. 1 fancy that foppishness of his is a mask to his real nature.' At this moment Bisset, who was still in advance of the riders, paused at the small lower gate of the park and looked in, Gilbert Monk was in the very act of opening the gate, having a letter in his bhand, which he was conveying to Chetwynd. Bisset stepped back, raising his bat to Monk, who thrust his letter in his pocket and came out. At this juncture Chetwynd and Tempest came up, and reined in their horses. 'I see that you have been to Chetwynd, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis, 'I fear I did not make it plain to you that the mystery of the spectre is known to but a very few, and to no one outside the Park, excepting Dr. Hartright of Eastbourne, the Chetwynd rector and my bailiff. You won't get any light on the matter in the village.' ' I beg leave to differ with your lordship,' said Bisset, respectfully. 'I have obtained light upon the mystery in the village.' The three gentlemen uttered exclamations of surprise. ' I'm afraid you have allowed yourself to be imposed upon, sir,' said Monk.. 'You would do better to concentrate your attentions upon the housemaids.' Mr. Bisset did not deign to reply. He raised his bat and passed on.- Monk went his way toward the village, and Chetwynd and Tempest cantered on toward the Park. There was a strange smile on the face of the detective officer as be proceeded slowly in the diret.tion the marquis and the explorer had gone. ' How Mr. Monk does despise me, to be sure,' he said to himself. ' He thinks me a fop of the first water, a regular swell, you knora. But about this mystery-my interest in it grows upon me. I have not lost time since I came; of that I am certain. And I think I have gained something like a clue that will lead me to success. Tom Bisset is not in his dotage yet. Whistling softly to himself he passed in at the lodge gates and sauntered slowly up the avenue towards the mansion. Mias Monk was walking to and fro on the marble terrace, as was her daily custorm. Bise t susplected her identity at once, and stepping back into adsrp shadd s caused by the trees he stopped to regard her. 