THE STORYTELLER. STRENGTH AND STRATEGY. There was no question whatever about It. The hired troopship of the State of Georgia was being overtaken by the Don Altbnzo. The State of Georgia, the famous armed merchant cruiser of 12,000 tona and 80,000 horse-power was doing her best, to show her heels to the vicious Spaniard, and the engine-room staff were sweating in the depths of her hall to get one more half-knot out of her. The State of Georgia had the 1st bat talion of the Hawksbire Eegiment on board, reinforcements for the garrison at Gibraltar, but, in spite of the red-coats and their Lee-Metfords, the steamer was bound to fall a prey to the armoured pursuer unless she could show that she was the quicker of the twot Her enemy was the fleetest vessel of the Spanish navy, and she was getting over the Bay of Biscay just a shade faster than the crack Atlantic grey hound. Never in the keenest race across the pond had those on board the State of Georgia worked as they were working now. The stokers shovelled the coal into the hungry mouths of the furnaces until they swooned under the fierce heat and the toil of it. Then they were hauled away for a breath of air and a draught of strong liquor, and other men stepped into tbeir placeB and plied the flames with more of the blaok food which, they so ravenously consumed. The chief engineer watched his charge with a loving eye. The State of Georgia was the idol of his soul ; she was his god, bis deity, and he worshipped her before all things else on earth. There was not a working part that ho did not see to him self, not a man that he did not scrutinise with jealousy. The furnaces were choked with roaring flames, but when be went into the stokehole he said that room could be found for a few more shovelfuls, and the firemen got them in. The pressure on the boilers was already 200 lbs. to the square inch, but they had been tested up to 250, and hia heart rejoiced as he saw the steam gauge slowly turning towards 220. Even if there had been no hydraulic test he would nave put tne pressure on an tne 6ome. This was not a time to stick at what had been done on scientific principles; it was the hour for practical experiment, and he meant to run the engines for every ounce of powei they were worth. 'When the 250's touched,' said a stoker, who waB resting a moment from his labors, 'she'll bust, an' we shall all be blown to blezes.' « We might as well be blown by the State of Georgia's boilers as the shot of a Spanish cruiser,' said the chief who had overheard him. ' It's more homely, be cause we're used to it. Put some more fuel on, and shove her along a Bhade faster. We shall go together, if we go at all. Think of that, and be comforted.' ' I'm game,' muttered the stoker, and he Stuffed a furnace until he reeled. Then they removed him until he came round, and another man took his place. The chief went to the upper bridge for a moment to speak with the captain, who had sent for him. The captain greeted him with a mono nyllable. ' Well 1' he asked. ' She's doing 24 knots,' said the cbief, wiping his brow. ' The furnace doors are red hot, and they're carrying the stokers away aa they tumble over, and putting other men to relieve them. She can't do another yard. It's more than we've got out of her before.' 'Half a knot would do it,' said the captain, longingly. ' Half a knot— it isn't much.' 'It's the laot straw,' paid the chief. *' It can't be done. If I could do it by feeding the fires with my own body I'd do it — for the honour of the State of Georgia. This speed,' he added, with a glow of enthusiasm, ' has, never been touched by any merchant craft that ever sailed the Beas. It's full three-quarters more than we got out of her when we Hcked the new Yankee boat on the very last trip we made from New York. The Amerioan would have gone before her long before this, for the Spaniard's a scorcher.' He jerked hiB bead as he spoke, to indicate the cruiser. The captain thought for a moment, then he turned to a wiry little man at his side, and said, ' Well, colonel, yon hear, she's doing every inch we can get out of her, and the cruiser's making half & knot an hQUF. more. Sbo'll, bo up with us before nightfall. We can't escape. What are we to do V The Colonel answered laconically, ' Take her!' The Captain laughed. 'I would with pleasure if ? ' ' Oh, yes,' interrupted the Colonel, 'we can do it. I've thought it all ont — not as a nautical man, but as a strategist.' ' She's the fastest cruiser in the Spanish navy,' said the Captain. 'And Bhe carries a couple of 22-ton guns for'ard that would blow us out of the water in two minutes. Watertight bulkheads won't eount if once she gets the range of us. Oar weapons are useless against her armoured sides. We could pepper her as hard as we liked, and could u't hurt her. As for her shot, why, one of them could be sent in at the port side and go out at the starboard side — through the whole hull— just like going through sheets of paper.' What's her crew V asked the Colonel. ' Say GOO, all told,' answered the Cap tain. ' I've a thousand men of ray own on board,' said the Colonel, -( as smart and fine a battalion as ever left England — and that's saying much.' 'It's better than having five th- tj and,' said the Captain. ' Why ?' demanded the Colonel. 'It'll be all tie less to send to the bottom.' 'I've no intention that they shall go there.' ' Then we'll have to strike,' said the Captain. ' It's either strike or sink. It's perfectly hopeless to think of coming to a fight with the cruiser. I'm no coward ? ' ' God forbid,' interposed the Colonel, fervently. ' Bnt I think we shall have to cave in.' ' Cave in ! Cave in I' repeated tha Colonel. ' That sounds bad for English* men — and to Spaniards ! Think of the degradation of it.' ' It's the fortune of war,' said the Cap tain. He tried to speak philosophically, but his heart was heavy within him at the prospect of surrendering the property that was in his care. 'Three-quarters of a million sterling,' he mused, ' and to go in the twinkling of an eye. And the irony of it is that the cruiser's English-built and Eoglish-engined. The State of Georgia and she were alongside in the Mersey the day after the cruiser was launched.' There was silence for a moment. Then the Captain said, 'Well, and since you don't think of surrender, what do you propose to do?' The Colonel quoted : ' And Sir Bichard said again : ' We be all good Englishmen. ' Let us bang these dogs of Seville, ' The children of the devil. ' For I never turned my back upon Don ot devil yet.' 'Neither did I,' added the Colonel, ?' and I'm not going to begin in my old age. We can't exactly bang them, but we can diddle them, and that'll amount to the same thing. How long will the Spaniard be before being alongsidp 1 ' ' Savon hours, if his engines don't break down.' 'Then,' said the Colonel, 'in seven hours and thirty minutes he'll be ours. And not a life will be lost unless the Spaniard's pig-headed and foolish. And I don't think he will be. He'll be too stunned.' ' And how do you propose to do it 1' asked the Oaptain in astonishment. 'That I'll explain shortly,' replied the Colonel. 'I'll go below and get some, lunch. You, I suppose, will stay up here ?' ' I shan't leave the bridge until the end of this business comes,' 6aid the Captain. ' If I leave before, it will be when I'm knocked out of time by one of the Spaniard's shot.' The Colonel went below and lunched, and lunched well. He matured his plans, and talked them over with his second in command. ' It can be done,' said the Colonel. 11 There's not the slightest doubt about thai,' said the Benior Major. ' It's all a question of ethics.' ' Etbica be ? ' said the old Colonel j 'they don't count at a time like this, You can't txpect that thoy should.' 'Honor used to count in the old days— it wouldn't have been the thing to act as you propose,' observed the Majjr. ' In the old days they fought with the bow and arrow. Even you wouldn't say what was good enough then would do now/' eaid the Colonel. The Mpjor langhed. ' That pats a new Jjjjht OP. the matter, goy po raor.e, Yquj Scheme is smart and it's bound to succeed, unless somebody bungles it.' 'The man that bungles it won't live to bungle anothev,' said the Colonel ; ' at any rate, not if I can catch him doing it. Well, I've got to explain to the Captain, and you can tell the rest of the officers what it is. In a few minutes I shall have the battalion fallen in, then we shall be leady for the fun. By Jove,' he con cluded, as he rose from his chair, ' I never felt such an exhilaration before. I'm posi tively thrilled at the prospect of nobbling the Spaniard.' ' It will certainly be one of the finest * coups ' in naval or military history,' said the Majir. The Colon -1 returned to the bridge, and resumed his place at the Captain's Bide. ' She's almost a knot nearer than when you went below,' said the Captain. ' Then she's a knot nearer her doom,' Jreplied the Colonel, cheerfully. ' I'm sorry I can't see it, as yet,' said the- Captain. ' She's a knot nearer knock ing us out of the water, if we don't haul down the flag. You must remember that ?we offer a magnificent target to the Spaniard. He could hull us now if he liked, easily — that is, if he's got anyone on 'board who can shoot. We loom out of the water like a huge building ; but as for him, why he's like a raft at present. We couldn't hurt him, even if we could get the guns well on to him. So, you see, I can't quite look at the matter as you seetn to regard it.' ' Then listen, and tell me what ynu think of my scheme,' said the Colone'. He was a man of few words, and soon ex pounded his idea. ' How's that for smart ness ?'hf» asked* The Captain stroked his chin, then gave a low whistle of surprise. ' Smart isn't the word for it,' he said. 'But what about the law of nations ?' 'A good deal of it is unwritten, and therefore oughtn't to trouble us,' said the Colonel. ' And as for that point, all's fair, you know, in love or war.' ' Suppose we did it, what would they say at home ?' ' It doeBn't need much thinking what they'd say,' answered the Colonel, enthusi astically. ' By Jove ! I can just imagine it. What would they say to saving our bacon, and adding a great deal more to it ? What could they say that wasn't agree able ?' ' Suppose we did it,' said the Captain. ' How about the people who are to follow us ? How would they iare ? You know, all the ships in the British mercantile marine are not as large and Bwift and well manned as the State of Georgia.' ' Sufficient unto the day ia the evil thereof,' said the Colonel, who vas partial to quotations. ' What you say is true, but remember, we should remove from the seas the most dreaded and most dangerous pest. Once get her,' the Colonel pointed to the Don Alfonzo, ' out ot the way, and there isn't much left to molest our merchant cruisers. The matter's in a nutshell — 'without you I can do nothing. If you think fit to surrender, then I can say no more. We haul down the flag quietly and cave in, and we shall have an opportunity of reflecting in dirty Spanish prisons, and living on dirty Spanish fare. All 1 suggest is a bit of strategy. We have much to lose and much to gain — but infinitely more oi the former. Which shall it be V ' I always had a fancy for the winning side,' said the Captain,' with a laugh, ' and it's wonderfully strong within me just now. I'm with you.' ' Then I'll make my preparations, and you'll do with your own men as you think best.' . . . : The Colonel descended to the cabin once more, and joined the officers, who were standing talking there. .^ (?? ? 'I've explained your scheme, sir,' said the senior Major, ' and there hasn't been a voice raised against it.' 'That's satisfactory,' said the Colonel. *' Now, Whyte,' he continued, turning to ihe adjutant, ' fall in the battalion, and I'll be up in a minute or two to tell them what I have to say.' The Adjutant took the steps leading to Ihe deck three at a time, and being a Bmart man and fullof the excitement of a prospective adventure, he had the battalion fallen in and proved in 10 minutes. The men stood to their arms in their white helmets and scarlet kerseys, packed like Manx kippers in a box, and the heart of the Adjutant thnmpod with pride as he beheld them. ' Good Lord !' he muttered, *' to think of all these fine fellows giving up the ghost to a dirty foreigner with never a fight for it I' There were sundry other fiao follows on board, but they were of the sea, and under the command of the naval men, and were therefore no concern of his. ' As for the honour of it about which the Major had said so much, honour be- - Shun,' he snapped, without finishing hia sentence, for the Colonel had just come up from below. ' Now, lads,' said the Colonel, ' we're in for a smart bit of work.' A murmur ot approval went down thd ranks. One or two youngsters who had never seen anything smarter than a review by a Eoyal Duke cried ' Hooray I' their excitement being more than they could conveniently hold. ' The man who speaks above a whisper again will be hurried off to the cell?,' said the Colonel. ' And it isn't much of the fun he'll see from there.' There was profound stillness, and the Colonel went on : Absolute silence ia the first essential in carrying out the scheme that has been determined upon. Remem ber that. Then each man is to do as he is ordered, and he's not to ask why. Eernem ber that also. As you all know, we're being chased by a Spanish cruiser. You're awaie of that because you've seen her. She's climbing hand over heels to us, and in two or three hours we shall fall into her clutches.' The battalion started. The men antici pated much, but not this. ' That is,' added the Colonel drily, after a pause, ' unless we do something to prevent it.' The battalion was itself again, and the Colond went on: 'A scheme has been devised by which, instead of falling a priza to her, she'll fall a prize to us. It'll need smart engineering, but it can be done. I expect that it will come off without any bloodshed, but if it is a case of a stiff fight, I look to you all to maintain the honour of the regiment.' In spite of what he bad said about silence, there was a deep growl of acquiescence from the battalion. There are exceptions to all rule?, and the Colonel looked upon this as one, and passed it over. Had the men re maided mute, he would have been sore at hoa; t. 'The stiip will be so worked,' he con? tinued, ' as to make it appear that we sur render. If we don't do that we shall soon have the Spaniard's shot cutting through us. You know for purposes of naval war fare this ship is nothirg more than a colos sal tin kettle. It's like putting the old Brown Bess against the Lee-Metford — and we're the Brown Bhbs.' The men did not know exactly what the Colonel meant by his simile, but they thought Brown Bess must be something bad, and W6re satisfied. ' The cruiser,' continued the Colonel, is now within range — that proves it.' As he spoke there was a loud crash on the hull, and one of the machine guns was dismantled by the Don Alfonzo's first shot. The shot was a lucky one, and was no credit to the Spanish gunnery. All the dis same, it caused the Captain to Bend in a hurry for the Colonel. The Colonel hastened off. ' You know the rest,' he said to the senior Major. ' Explain it, and then have the men posted. There isn't a moment to lose.' ' If we're to act as you suggest,' said the Captain, when the Colonel had gained the bridge, ' the sooner we do it the better. Hallo, there goes another. He can fire all. day at that rate, and not hurt anybody. What's the first part of the programme 9' ' Slacken speed,' said the Colonel. , ' That's easily done,' said the Captain. ' The telegraph doesn't quite fit the pre sent situation, so I'll have the chief engineer up for a moment, and tell him just what we want. We mustn't cave in too easily, or that might arouse suspicion on board the Spaniard.' The chief appeared hotter and dirtier than ever, for he had been poking into all' sorts of corners and doing all sorts of things to goad the State of Georgia on half a knot faster. 11 Slacken down a trifle, just so that the cruiser can overhaul us nicely, and not too easily — a couple of knots an hour will do it,' said the Captain. The chief stared hard. He could nob understand. 'Ob, it's all right,' laughed the Colonel. ' We're not going to give your beloved twin engines away, any more thon we're going to make a present to the Spaniard of our own precious carcases. We're trying a new move in the art of war.' The chief grinned, and disappeared. A tremendous load had been lifted from his miud. After all, it was better to try another move, for in his secret soul he had. been expecting every moment that ho ancf many more would be blown Bky-higU through the explosion of the State of Georgia's bailers. So far tha burden of responsibility had been on him, and it was a relief to get; it on the (shoulders of some one else. Daring the next half-hour the Hawk Bhires had been told off to their stations, and the Don Alfonzo had gained so much in the chase that she was within easy signalling distance and easy range. By tray of proving the latter, she sent several shots unpleasantly near the State of Georgia, and finally sent one whistling over the heads of the Captain and the Colonel. c- The time isn't far off,' said the Colonel, ' for the old flag to come down.' ' No,' agreed the Captain, ' I think the Booner it's done the better for the State of GeoTgia and her crew — to. say nothing of the 1st Hawkshire Regiment.' The Captain telegraphed to the engine room, and the State of Georgia slowed down to half speed ; then he called a quartermaster to his side and ordered him to haul down the flag. At the same time he signalled once more below, and the engines of the great liner stopped. The Don Alfonso cams leaping on, and the banner of England fluttered down, and lay in a limp hoap at the foot of the pole mast. The quartermaster would have tolled it up, bat the Captain shouted, ' L»avo it as it is, and stand by the hal liaids to hoist again when I give the word.1' The cruiser came up to secure her pr6y. Her Captain was puzzled. Ha knew that victory in the end was certain, but he had not expected such an easy triumph as this. He dashed up' to the State of Georgia in rousing fashion, and a boat was got in readiness to put him on board of her. His ideas weie limited, and it had not occurred to him that tno great steamship might be sheltering something more than a mere crew of peaceful merchantmen. In the ecstacy of his soul he muttered prayers, promised large rewards to the Holy Mother ? Church that had so handsomely favoured him. All the time he was forging up to the State of Georgia the thousand men of the Hawk shire Regiment were crouching under every scrap of shelter they could find, and were lying low under every open port-hole from which they could fire upon the Don AlfoBZO. There was much panting from excited men, and much ncrvoua handling of the most deadly rifle that ever the genius of man invented. ' Oh, my 8*ars 1' murmured a recruit, as he saw from a hidden corner the Don Alfonzo approach, ' what a herd o' cattle for the butchers ! Her decks are a3 thick with man as ? ' ' Your skull, ' you cursed chatterbox,' snarled the sergeant of his section. ' Just you say another word, .and I'll jam your teeth bo far into your throat that you'll never speak more. We don't want this Bhow spoiling by the puling of a pup like you.' The State of Georgia rolled gently to the swell as the Don Alfonzo lunged slowly up, for her engines had been nearly stopped, . and she had only way enough to bring her neatly abreast of her quarry. The Don Alfonzo came alongside, and her captain stepped into the boat that was lowered, aud went on board the State of Georgia. The Captain and the Colonel received him with great ceremony as he gained the deck. 'I will, gentlemen,' said the Spaniard, with magnificent pomp, speaking in good English, ' I will reoeiva your swords and hand thorn to my coxswain. Your own great Nelson did so from my countrymen, and I would now return the honor.' ' If you will kindly come forward,' said the Captain, ' I will go through one or two little preliminaries before discharging that interesting but painful duty.' ' What a splendid vessel. How superb. What a floating castle,' exclaimed tbe Spaniard, in rapturo, as he scanned the , State of Gaorgia. 'What & priz3 for my ';?. king and country. What a victory for mo. Gontlemon, your swords.' ' Before we part with thom?' said the Colonel, with the most polished politeness, ' may I call your attention to two or three little things? In the first place, we can sweep your decks from stem to stern — all your men are helpless. See, they have crowded themselves about, and, being with out arms for the most part, are as helpless as a flock of sheep before the slaughterers. You note that point V 'Having noted it,' proceeded the Colonel, ' permit me to call your attention to another matter. Look here. There are a thousand British infantry and two hundred British seamen in readiness to sweep the Don AlfonzJ with their rifles. Each soldier carries his Lee-MetforcJ, and the magazines are full. In one- third of a minute — that's allowing plenty of time — I could send ten thousand Lee-Metford bul lets to flatten on the decks of the Don AlfonzD. That's saying nothing about the guns we have on bo?rd, and all tbe guns' crews are at their stations. Now, Captain, whose sword is to be surrendered ?' ' I am diabolically trapped !' exclaimed the Spaniard, glancing despairingly at the cruiser, ' but I am helpless. Ah 1 my un happy crew, and my still more unhappy self.' 'R93i3tanco from you is useless,' said the Colonel. ' If yoar crew make a single offort to go to their quarters we shall fire. Will you order your men to haul down the Spanish fhg 1 We have the EagHsh flag ready to hoist aa soon as we get on board.' The Spaniard spoke to his coxswain, and ho and the boat's craw returned to the Don Alfonzo. The officer In charge refused to take tbe coxswain's message, for he could not believe it. Ha shouted to his captain for orders, but he found no solace ia thum, and the banner of his country fluttered down. The Colonel gave tbe order, and the sol diers of the 1st Hawkshire Regiment ap peared like magic on the State of Georgia's upper deck, and held themselves in readi ness to fire upon the cruiser at the word of command. The game was up, and tha Spaniard saw it. Hu took off his sword and handed it to the Colonel. The Colonel accepted the weapon with a profound bow. ' My ancestors fought against you three centuries ago,' said the Spaniard, with cold scorn, ' but they did not act in this way. They fought like gentlemen in those days.' ' Times have changed since then,' said the Colonel, toying with tbe sword, and smiling. ' You see, it isn't bo much a matter new of doing the gentleman as doing the enemy.' The Spaniard did not understand the idiom, and he maintained a sullen silence. ' It's all a matter of strategy,' ex plained tho Colonel, seeing that his little juke had failed. ' I do not understand you,' said the Spaniard, coldly.' 'Perhaps the Don would like to rest awhile,' said the Colonel, who by no means like the Spaniard's tone aud attitude. He turned to the Adjutant and said, 'Will you kindly show him into my oabin, and see that every courtesy and attention is paid to him ? ' The Spaniard bowed stiffly, and walked off with the Adjutant. A strong armed forco was sent on board the cruiser, covered by the whole LeeMet fordsofthe Hawkshire man. The boat's crew boarded tho prizi, and the Euglish fl*g fluttered out in the broeza. There was a lusty cheer as the folds opened, and an other as the last cf tbe prisoners were trans ferred to tbe State of Georgia, and the two vessels got under weigh. 'Let's make a bee-line for the Rick,' said the Colonel, M and be hanged to the man who can't take his licking like a soldier. I wonder,' ho mused, 'if we shall be allowed to add ' Dan Alf jlzo' to the battle honors of the HawkBhires, or will the Navy claim the glory of this day's deed ?' ____ H'; ('penit.^ tlu- atruui-oom) — 'Anno, lion le i lai yiri wiili tht vegetables,' Sbe — 'Don't be Billy. Ii'b my ne-v Jjat,' 