HAUNTED HOUSES. Discussing the question as to what legal remedy is open to the tenant of a haunted! house the London Daily News writes: — Several cases are reported, in old French and) Spanish books, and these will be foundl analysed in a work entitled ' Cock-lane and! Common-sense.' The landlord, of course,, used to urge that the tenant had brought his own ghost, if it was a ghost, and must abide: it. The difficulties of proof were great ; the case, carried from, court to court, was un satisfactory^ for various ways, hauntings1 have come into modern law. In the thirties! a Captain Molesworth, living in a semi detached house, next hiB landlord's in: Trinity, Edinburgh, was sued to restrain himi from pulling up the floors and breaking; through the partition- walls in search of the' causes of mysterious noises. The landlord: accused the captaiu's daughter of being what isi now called ' a medium.' How the worthy sheriff decided the case we are unable to say1 owing to the difficulties of research in the re cords of Mr. Sheriff Coust. Thus legal prece dents are rare, and not good, so the tenant of Silverton Abbey ' writes to the papers.' Th& obvious thing to do was to consult Mr. Myers, the secretary of the Psychical Society, or S.P.R. It is not everybody who, as a character of George Elliot's says, 'has a nose for a ghoBt.' But the society has a lady member, well-known in occult circles as Misb X,' who can, usually, or often, see what is to be1 seen in a haunted house. Miss X makes no' pretentions to infallible success, but it is understood that where she fails, triumph is: uncommon. Meanwhile two ordinary 'supra- liminal' mortals, Messrs. FitzMaurice and Pooley, have, greatly daring, slept in the empty, unfurnished Abbey, and communicate the results. The took the usual precau tions, searched the Abbey, fastened the windows, locked the doors, carried pistols, and nevertheless ''heard light footsteps, not cat's steps. ' Next night there were sounds of heavy furniture being dragged about— now, 'the house is devoid of furniture.' There was also 'a heavy bang,' in the opposite room, 'the door being wide open.' There was nobody in the room, and nothing that could, apparently, have caused the noise. The gentlemen dis count, as possible causes, 'rats, cats, wind, and so forth.' There the matter reEts— when it does rest — and it may lie commended to Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and Mr. Myers, and, if he pleases, to Mr. Maskelyne. So far, as Mr. Pepys says of GUanvil's account of the Ted worth ghost, it is interesting but not convincing. A very large house may have many undiscovered hiding places ; windows are not very difficult to open, and somebody may have a spite at the owner or tenant of Silverton Abbey. The conven tional style of hauntings, noises, and footsteps is easily counterfeited when once access to a house is obtained. What interests the anthro pologist (if anything of this sort does interest urn) is_ the persistence of the types of ' haunting,' the steps, knocks, and bangs. From Ancient Egypt and Assyria to the Dyaks, the Australian blacks, the Burmese, the Incas, the Vikings of the Sagas, through Ted worth, Epworth (The Wesley's rectory) Willington Mill (The Proctor's), through ' Brownies,' in Major and Kirk, to yester day's newspaper, haunting is always ' the same old game.' The human mind, of course, works in the line of least resistance (except when it attacks the Boers on a re-entering -angle). If steps and bangs are the easiest tricks, this will be discovered by the savage intellect, and handed down to civilisation. In dozens of cases, the tricks, by servants, children, or smugglers, have been actually discovered. In other examples, rats, cats, wind, water, have been detected in the act, as when Mr. Pepys apprehended 'aspright,'and only found 'our young gib-cat.' Yet, while verm causa have been established, it is not quite honest to shirk the fact that often all search has failed in the most famous examples. The Wesley Bogey is well known. The evi dence is documentary, respectable, at first hand, and no system of ex]rianation yet ad vanced is worth a brass button. Something may, indeed, be done, if we start from noises caused by tricks, and then suppose that fear and fancy may set up a train of hallucinations. Any reader of old Mr. Wesley's letters and diary may decide for himself whether that patriarchal man was easily hallucinated. He was, of course, Samuel, the father of the cele brated John and Charles Wesley. The most extraordinary modern case quoted eternally is that of Mr. Procter's Haunted Mill at Willington, near Ncwcastle-on-Tyne. The Quaker family stuck to the mill for many years, in spite not only of, knocks, and bangs and lights, but of volatile furniture and ' ap pearances'— -human and bestial. A doctor, who slept, there, like Messrs. Pooley and FitzMaurice, was literally frightened into a fit. The diary of Mr. Procter, kept with Quaker sobriety and veracity, is extant and may be read. It suggests no theory, unless we believe that mysterious noises, artificially produced, may set up in all adjacent minds a regular chronic habit of contagious lallucination — which is interesting, if true. The Willington Mill, dressed up to taste, is clearly the-origin of Lord Lytton's tale, 'The Haunters and the Haunted, or the House and the Brain.' Lord Lyttons explanation is a vigorous amount of hypnotic suggestion, exer cised by a villain at a distance, the villain being Saint Germain the Douthless, or based on that enigmatic historical personage. Mauy circumstances oonnected with the Tedworth, Epworth, and Cidoville cases (1850) point in the direction of Lord Lytton's theory. The owners of the haunted houses had offended the local ' wiseman' or wizard. But, of course, scientific hypnotism, in Charcot, Liebault, and others, does not give an inch of ground for Lord Lytton's hypothesis to stand upon. The next dwellers at Silverton may take bulldogs, or yelping terriers, for com pany, and of course, place videttes round the outside of the house. The owner and tenant may provide, as persons interested, the ex penses of a detective force. For this is, to them, an expensive practical joke. In spite of education, and the march of intellect, people will not rent a haunted house. Servants dis like ' ghaists and eldritch fantasies' — so do their employers. The Chinese pen from time immemorial has been a brush made of some soft hair and used to paint the curiously formed letters of. the liiuese alphabet. ' ' , 