[?] ? i,—— ^/^jj^o-o^^-^^97* ? -♦ ? . Sijtulmry won easily. Long anna vemis shun. The Dean cuse crops np liko a ghoBt '? iu the iniuds of tbo superstitious. Those who don't believe that Harding was beaten on his merits 'can go to— Putney. Two liflhds are in'ticr than one, some times. Two scalls are better than one, anytime. ? . Tlie utiws pfi Stanbary'd win was re ceived in Sydney hi aboutS.-LO yesterday morning. : ; : , . Sianbur-'8 easy win. may. revivo tho inierest in boai-raciug, among tho most manly of sport,?. '. . . / Mark Twain , limits himself to tbreo hundred cigara a month, and generally consumes about three thousand in a year. Stanhury is, perhaps, the greatest sculler the world has eciti. And ho splits Wdtor all the bettor for his training split tiny logs. Doctor: 'Yon might try a porous plas ter.' Patient: 'Allrij-ht,doctor. Whatis the latest scientific discovery as to tho best method of taking them off?' Needles, for 'Singer's' Sowing Machines are only one shillingjper dozen, and cil sixpence per bottle. All parts equally cheap. Office, Howick-streefc.* ' And shall I speak to your father ? ' asked the young man. 'Never mind about pnpa,' said the young woman, 'I'll fix him.' For the first time he noticed the width and squareness of her inferior maxillary. Chicago man — ' I guess New'York has a very unhealthy climate. I think the people there have u cold about all the time.' ' Why so ? ' Chicago man — ' When I was there last summer, they put a handkerchief by everybody's plato.' Agent — 'Can't I put a burglar-alarm in your house ? ' Lady — ' No, we don't need it.' Agont — 'But — ' Lady— 'No, I mean it. Tho family across the street watches the place so closely that even a burglar couldn't get in without being seen !' ' Girls,' said the tenor, as the choir gathered for the rehearsal, ' you are not thinking of singing with your veils on, are you?1' 'Why shouldn't we?' asked the soprano and alto togethor. ' In singing through your veils yon run a risk of straining your voices.' Minnie : ' Did you hear of Maud Edith's wonderful preseuco of mind?' Mamie: 'Dear me, no. What was tho occasion?' Minnie: 'Why, when her whocl began to run away downhill, sho pulled back on the handle-bars and screamed 'whoa' as loud as sho could.' The monument of tho lato Sir Richard Burton is a great tent hewn out of marble, under which his body rests in a sted casket. Lady Burton's casket is beside it, and one other is yet to be put - under the tent — that of the erratic couple's most faithful ' servant and friend,' as Lady Burton called her. They, were discussing tho new boarder. ' He slips in and out of tho house so quietly.' said tho grass-widow boarder, ' that I think he must have been a mar ried man once.' 'Maybe it is that,' said Mrs. Hashcroft, as a troubled look came over her face, 'and maybe hois in the habit of getting behind with bis board.' Mr. Billus (looting ovor the Uoase. hould expenso account) : ' Maria, what does this item twenty-five dollars for ' church expenses ' early in April mean ? I have no recollection of paying out any such sum for the support of the churoh this month.' Mrs. Billus: 'That is what my new Easter bonnet cost, and £ think you're as mean ob you con bo ! ' Sir John Millais, tho president of tho Royal Acndouiy, is sufforing from cancar of the throat, and his condition is pro nounced, liopuless. He was unable to make tho usual speech after his election, and tho annual dinner of the Boyal Acadomy was abandoned this yenr for tho same reason. The physicians do not givo him more than a year more of lifo. ' Charley,' said young Mrs. Tocker. ' You know that I always try and keep posted so that I can talk with you in digently.' 'Yes.' 'Woll, I'vo oeen reading about horse races.' 'You Jon't say so!' ''Yes. And I want to ask you one question ; Do thoy pick )ut a short horso by measuring him from bis feet upward, as they racosuro a maa, )rdo thoy measure him horizontally '!' 