•'' .^CORNWALL. • '1 Br JOSEPH HOOKING, Author o£ "All Men are Liars,p "Fields of Pair Renown," The Story -of Andrew •' Eairfoy," &c.; • Ohapteb.-IL—Tells How- I, Jaspak Pen JfQfGTON, TbIED TO GET Mz OWN. Iido-hob think I Have as yet mentioned it, Bet Richard. Tresidder—I mean the man who erjt-ared'jnto myi father's possessions—had thrtotob's aqd one daughter, and each of these • ysw ijtQHghtinp. with the thought that I was their natural enemy. . Of course, they were informed that my "grandfather's will: provided tha nxeahs;, whereby r 3^. if I were sufficently , .fprtvinate, could buy back the estate at half its . Vaiucd> worth. And - they, were Sin . constant , suspend'about ih -If I\were to-marry, a rich wifeibcould be done';lif i were to have some • 'strtkethf-'fertuhe their home might be taken frontthsm/iihey'haTingi only a, giyen sum of .mg^y;itAnd.thHsJt:waa:tc)..th.eiE.:ihterest.to keep.me -poor,,as well as to damage my reput tatipn;mthe!.heighborhood. ; The:4eldesb' son was a year or more older tbamE,-and was,' of course respected as the heir to' the Pennington, lands, for it is strange how people's sympathies veer around on the side, of the people who are in power. My . father has told me many times how, when he was thought' to "be the prospective heir of Pennington, people could not make enough , of himj while Richard Tresidder had but scant oourteay paid hiin. When it became known ' that my father was disinherited, no matter ; how unjustly, these same folks discovered that •Richard Tresidder was a very mine of wit' and goodness, while my father was made a butt for fools'jokes. And so I discovered that my being a Pennington counted- hut for little, while it seemed to. be forgotten that hut for the wiles of a - clever, selfish woman, I should be the squire of the parish. When I was old enough I was sent to position he hoped, in spite of his misfortunes, ;I should'some day occupy.Now Nick Tre Eiddar had been attending this same school for rs'ome months when I went.. For this I was very glad, .because I thought it would give me an. opportunity for testing him. I had not been in the sbhool a week, however, when my father came to fetch me away. • The reason was that Richard Tresidder had demanded it, as he wbedd not allow his son to be educated at the ■ school where the son of a tenant-farmer was admitted. He told the schoolmaster that he had two other sons whom he.intented to send, 'but' that he. should immediately with draw his patronage if I. were not sent away. -All this angered me as well as my'father; , ;but there was no help for it, and I was sent to ' ProbuB instead, were the education was as good, -but'-where I had'no chance of meeting the Tresidders. * I have''said that. Elmwater Barton was a good . firm,. but I must confess to looking longingly at Pennington. This was in the nature of things very- reasonable on my part, for I always' looked upon it as niy home. • 'But- besides this, I doubt if the whole (^untry cqn present a stretch.of.land so fair, or a house so pleasantly situated. -There-may-' be bigger and more imposing bouses, but there are none more comfort able. Resides,. Pennington'faces a beautiful glen -that is about Half a mile wide. I know of. no grass as' green as that which grows there, .. or of trees so fine and stately. Besides, the river which winds its way downward, and which sometimes runs side by side with tne drive leading from the house to the main road, is the most beau 'tebus stream' of water I ever saw. Then sloping away from .this glen are wooded hills, the Bight of which in" the early summer time is enough to make a man Bing for joy;; . and in addition to all this, while standing at the main entrance of the house you can see the blue sea, say a mile and a half, away. I, who1 have seen something of the world, say there is nothing finer in the way of green;and pleasant, land, while all the world knows that nowhere are cliffs so fine and the sea- sq blue as that ■which is to be seen in this part of -my native county. Besides, all that laid, from the house where my father was born' right to the 'sea belongs to the Pennington estates, while at the back of the house it stretches just as far, and just as fair. ' One day—it was before my father died—I, bad climbed Trescowal Tor, just to feast my1 . eyes upon so much loveliness, when. I saw Richard Tresidder walking with .his mother towards the Pennington woods. I^ow a great desire came into my heart, nqf to pee Tre sidder, but to speak to his mother, whom;T knew to be the evil genius of my family.: And so I made my way to the . .woods, and stood in the pathway as they came.upi: They both knew me, : not; only - through, my likenesa to my father, but because of my'size, for it is well known that the Pennington family on the male side are at' least six: inches taller than the ordinary run of men. \ "Do you know you are trespassing ?' asked Tresidder. ' "My, name is Jaspar Pennington," I said t proudly. t. " Then get off my lands at once," he said, sternly and with a black look, "Not until I have had a good look on the man and' woman who have robbed my father and me," I said—and I knew I had aroused the devil in them as I spoke. For the woman who had robbed us fairly glared at me, while Tresidder.' grasped his stick as though he would strike me. The woman was nearing seventy, but she was strong and hale, and her eyes flashed like those of a young girl. I saw, too, that she must have been, handsome when she was young. I marked the cruel, resolute expression of her mouth, and I did not wonder at . the difficulty my grandfather had in resisting, her. "I will have you pub .in the stocks, and then taken to the lockup, if you are not gone at once," said Tresidder savagely. "I will give your three sons the chance of doing this," I.said with a laugh. . "Three Tresidders against one Pennington isn't bad in a fair fight. Of course where cunning and cheatery comes in I should be nowhere. Or perhaps," I continued," "you. would like to try your&elf; I am only eighteen, and you are in the .'prime of your life ; still I. should be plerted'to ^ve y'ou the chance." , But he-laid no hands, on pie; instead, he put a whistle'to his mouth and blew. : " Yes," I said, "get some one else to do the work you are afraid to try yourself; that's a Tresidder all over. Well, I'll go now; I'vo bsid a good look at you both, and I shall know you again.'':,". - . Withthafc ;X turned any walked away,' for, if. the' truth.must;!be ;told, I did/hot care aboutlfighting with .Tresidder's minions, and rutT fnili n« 1** J J -,L-- l" 4 1 ' my father-had told" jno many times to be care fuL v' • ' The path was very crooked, and the foliage 'was very thick, so that I had not gone more i than a few_ steps before X was out of their sight. Acting on the impulse of the moment, I stopped and-listened. "A regular Pennington," I heard the old woman say. "You must be careful, Richard, | for he has more brains than his father. He has all the good looks of. the family, too. "We must be silent about all our plans, for if he knows he will spoil them. Remember the will" • " I do remember ; that is why I am anxious about our boys. Still, there can be no fear and it will not- be so very long before we shal' get her.. - That .settled, and Nick will be all right": . 1 \- ■ X heard no more after that, but I wondered often what ho'meant I tola my father, too, but -he could "give, me' no hint towards the solution of-Tresidder's words. After .my father's death I ceased_to think so much of Pennington, for I had Jiilmwater Barton to look after. I was determined to make the farm pay, and .now that all the responsi bility rested on me, I made up my mind that the Tresiddera should not play fast and loose with me as they had done with my father. In order to do this I looked carefully around me for a man in whom I could trust; for, be it remembered, this was a very difficult matter. My father had engaged two hinds, and each of these had" been bribed by the Tresidderato injure his property. You see,'his enemies had plmost supreme power in the parish, and they " used it to his injury. Still'I "knew that the Tresidders must have enemies as well as other people, and it was for me to find out who they were. This I had no great diffi culty in doing. A man named William Dawe had farmed a place named Treviscoe, on the Pennington estate, and the poor fellow had several seasons of bad luck. One year his turnip crop failedthe next the foot-and mouth disease got hold of his cattle ; and the next, during the lambing season, he lost a great number of sheep.' Indeed, so bad was his luck that he was unable to pay his rent. Perhaps Tresidder would have been lenient with mm but for two. things: one was that he had refused to take sides with him against my father, and another was that when Nick Tresidder insulted William Dawe's daughter the farmer gave him a thrashing. The end of all this was that William Dawe was sold up, andeven then he was not free from all his difficulties. One of the first important things I did after my father's death, therefore, after a serious conversation with the farmer, was to lime him to come to Elmwater Barton, with his wife and son and daughter, in order to manage thB farm. I do not think in all my life I have ever seen a.man so grateful. " Will you come, William ?" I asked, when I told him what wages I could afford to give. \- "Come, Master Jasper, come? Ireck'n I will! Why " And then he eaght at my hand, and behaved in a way. that made me think -for the time that I was serving him only, and not myself at all. . : Inafew days .William was settled down at the; Barton, and .right well did he arrange for the:harvest, and right hard did both he and his son'-wprk forme. . Indeed, both William and his. son George "seemed ready to work thein armspff'forme,-,and were both anxious to serve menight and day. George Dawe wasa strap ping fellovv. '-.of twenty-five, nearlyastall and strong'' M inySelf,.though not quite. This was .pfoyed^phe 'day. when we wrestled down m'.'the ,:calvesVmeadpw. I had. hard work to 'piaster himi 'for George had taken thevwresthng.'prizje. at-St. Ev6's Eeast for three years in succession. I was proud to have thrown him, especially as I had not yet' gob my full strength, not being . 20 years_ of .age. George had had a varied experience. He had been to sea in a trading vessel, and, if the truth must be confessed, had done a fair amount of smuggling. Be that as it may, George Dawe loved me like a brother, and nothing was too much for him to do for me. Thus I regarded myself as very fortunate. Eliza Dawe, too," was a careful, sensible woman, while Selina, her daughter, was a strapping, healthy wench who could do as much work as twq ordinary women. " j Now I say this was'a great help to me, fori .they .all watched my interests closely. -"Lev any of the Trezidders try any ov their dirty capers now," said George tome, "and we'll laive 'em knaw." :' ' .Those who know nothing about farming can have no idea what a great amount of harm a seemingly little mistake can do. Suppose, for instance, there are two 10-acred fields side by side. Suppose the month is early July, when the corn has nearly reached its full height and the heads, have all bursted ready to ripen. Well, Buppose, again, that one of these 10 acred fields has_ barley, or oats, or wheat,, while the other is a browsing field in which twenty or thirty head of cattle are feeding. Thenletsomeevil-disposed person open the gate between these two fields, and the thirty head of cattle get into the cornfield—what happens ? Why, £20 worth of damage can be done in a single night. And things like this were often happening in my father's days, and thus he was kept poor. • But things changed after I got George Dawe on the Barton. His eyes seemed to be everywhere and always in my interests. Let me give one example (and then I will soon get on to my story proper) how George Dawe saved me a large amount of money, and at the same time helped me to teach the Tre sidders a lesson. It was the June after I had got William Dawe's family to live with me. We had had several dry weeks, so that the fields had be come parched and bare, and we were anxious lest the sheep should not have enough grass, One field had been planted with vatehes, which, as every farmer knows,'grow quickly and are out for the horses. "William," Xsaid to Dawe one day, 'I am afraid we shall have to sacrifice a hav field. The browsing fields are all brown; the sheep can't get enough to eat. We must he careful not to turn them there when thp dew is on the grass though or they'll get vlayed." " X. wudden' trouble, Maaster Jaspar; ship c'n nibble a lot on' a' dewy mornin', and we sh'll git rain zoon, I reck'n." "Well, as you think best; but I fancy we'd better' turn the biggest lot into tho ' Sheeps' Close' to-night." The "Sheeps' Close" was the name of one of the best meadows, which at this time was very bare owing to the long spell of dry, hot weather. Well I had to ride to Truro that afternooon, so I did not get home till late that night. ' I found George Dawe waiting up for me. "Anything the matter, George," I asked. " Iss, ther es, Maaster Jaspar." • " What ?" I asked.. " The Trezidders, he up. tp the ould gaame. "When I wos comin' 'ome from St. Eve two or dree 'ours agone, I'eared young Nick plannin' ev it weth Buddie." "Explain, George," I said. George told his story, with the result that we made our way to the " Sheeps' Close" and hid behind the hedge. Just before dawn— that is, about 3 o'clock in the morning—we saw two men coming towards the gateway. We saw them unfasten the gate and open it wide; then we heard one say to the other, '"Now let's fetch up the sheep and the fool will "be worth a bit less money in a few hours." Then they went away, and in a little while we heard them "vvhishing" up the sheep. George closed the gate, and we both waited until they came up. There were 175 sheep in the. flock, and they brought them up for the purpose of turning them into the vatehes. Here they would be knee-deep in rank vegeta tion, and the poor things, glad to get to such juicy meat, would eat ravenously. The result of this would be that they would get filled with: .wind;and would swell horribly, and if not im mediately relieved would die a painful death. If the design succeeded in this ease I should be hundreds of pounds poorer before the men; yvonld be at their work. . It; i^y be imagined, therefore, that my hldo^L- was-, pretty hot, and that my feelings -towards'-'tlie-Tresidders were not those of a lover; it to any fair-minded map whetheriny^ghgpr was not reasonable. As I .^xdj .Gpbrge anil I waited by the gate until they, camp, up. .. The sheep came close to the, gate, as if waiting to be let in, and the two .men- stood behind, not knowing, evi dently, why the poor creatures did not go to their death. "What's the matter, Jacob?" asked young Nick.Tresidder. Dunnaw, aw'm sure," answered Jacob, who was the eldest son of Tresidder's "head! man," and the worst rako in the parish. " Lev us go up an' zee." . So they came up, as we expected they| would. " Why, the gaate es cloased and apsed!" cried Jacob. " The devilmust'»'bin 'ere." "Nonsense," said Nick, " you couldn't have opened it; you must have been dreaming. There, open it." ' You tackle Nick Tresidder, an' I'll have a go with Buddie;" said George to me, in a whisper; "he's always a-braggin' as 'ow 'ee c'n bait me. Now then, jump out. At this we both leaped forward. I took Nick Tressfder by the scrufi of the neck, while George gripped Buddie like a blacksmith's The sheep jumped away frightened, y these two blackguards cried out as if judgment day had come. " Es et the devil ?' asked Buddie. "No." I roared out, "it isn't the dc we're not related to you in any way, and 1 master won't help you.", . By this time they found out- who we u and began to wriggle finely, - ' ' Look you, Nick- Tresidder," I said;' * law will do nothing for us, so we aregoiu take the law in our own hands." "What do you want?" asiced Tresidde; " Nothing unfair," I said. " We are un man. _ You are on my land, and you were d a trick worthy only of the devilj your ma Wo will wrestle fair, as becomes Cornishi and you .musfs show no mercy, fo? as God is above me Pll show none." " fj\,Now I will do these men justice. They were'not afraid of us, and when they knew that we were people of this world and not ghosts from the other they showed no desire to run away. Nick Tresidder was a year older than I, while Buddie always sneered when folks said that George Dawe was a better man than he. Besides, they both Eaw that we did not mean playing at wrestling. But Nick Tresidder, Tresidder-like, was not fair; he jumped upon me before I was ready,- a thing always regarded as cowardly at a wrestling match. I saw in a minute, too, that be knew the tricks of the art, and were I not a wrestler, too, and a strong man to boot, my arm must have been broken before I could put forth my strength. This angered me more than I liked to be angered, for now, when we were to meet man toman, I felt not so bitter about the sheep; So I put forth all my strength and made him let go his vantage hold, then I put my arm around his chest, and right glad was I when I found him a strong man; so I played with him for the pleasure of wrestling, just as any true Cornisnman will. But I was wrong in doing this. My father- had told me never to trust a Tresidder, and 1 did trust him to wrestle fairly, even although he had tried to kill my sheep. While I wrestled, merely for the pleasure of wrestling, I felt a stab at my side, and I knew that a knife had entered my flesh just.pnder my arm. " You are coward, Nick Tresidder," I said, " a coward in every waythen, not knowing whether I was dangerously wounded or no, '.I played with him no longer, for a man cannot bear everything. I caught him in both my arms and lifted him from the ground; then I wrestled in earnest. I heard one of his ribs snap, but he did not cry out, then another, ancf he became but a child to me; so I let him go, and he staggered away like a drunken man. ' Now go home and tell your father what you have .done," I said, "and tell him who you found in Elmwater Barton 'Sheep's Close.'" Then I turned to George, who was still strug gling with Buddie, and who, just as I came to him, threw him heavily. "George," I said, "I have been stabbed. Just tie this cloth tightly around my chest." "The coward," said George, panting; "but where es a, Maaster Jaspar ?' "He won't wrestle any more for a month or two," I replied; " but I would not have hurt him so if he had not stabbed me." So there in the early morning light, while the birds began to sing, and the sheep tried to find food on the dewy ground, George Dawe tied a cloth tightly across my naked chest, and I could not help wincingat the pain. Just as he was finishing Jacob Buddie got slowly up from the ground. He had been badly stunned, but no hone3 were broken. "Look after your master," I said; then I saw th'e lcnife with which Niclc had stabbed me lying on the ground. " There," I said, "you know that knife I expect; your master used it while we wrestled." But Buddie was dazed and did not reply. So when I had put on my coat I went to Nick Tresidder, who was very faint and unable to walk, so ill had he become. Then my heart softened, and together we took him up to Pen nington, and Buddie, who was by this time better, said he could manage him: The next day I , heard that Nick Tresidder had fallen from his horse and broken his ribs, and Dr. Hawke, who had been called in, said that he must .remain in bed many days. But of this I am sure, although neither George Dawe or I said a word, .Richard Tresidder knew the truth. Now I have told this, hot because I delight in such things, hut because I want it to be known how I was treated, and what I had to contend with, for this was but a sample of the many ways, in which the Tresidders had tried to harm me. I have often wondered why they felt so evilly towards me, seeing "that they were rich at my cost, and I have come to the conclusion that it is a law of human nature for a man to hate those whom he has treated un justly. But I am an unlearned man, and the heart of. man—and woman—is past finding out. And now I must tell how, in spite of myself, I was drawn more and more into contact with the . Tresidders, with other matters which strangely affected my life later on. (To Ic continued-.) 