LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. CENTENARY SERMON. At Stow Memorial Conjjregational Church on Thursday evening the Rev. Dr. Jeffcris preached a sermon in connection with the celebrations in Adelaide of tho centenary of the London Missionary Society. I hows was. a fair attendance. Among tho.co on tho platform were the Kuv. F. W. Cox and Dr. Cecil Davenjjort. Dr. J(!ileris took as his text Acf- xiii. 2 — 'As they ministered to the Lord and fasted the Holy Ghost .said, ' Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whcriiunto I havo called the m.'! He referred to tivo names, Simuon, Lueiux, Manaon, Saul, and liarnabas, vbich should hu hold ever in romciiibrancc as tiiose of the founders of Christian ini.-jion.s. lie dealt with tho found ing of the Church in Antiooh, of which these Live wji-sj cldi-i-p, t!:o .state of Antioc-h itself, and thu momentous Church meeting of Greek Christiana that mot together in Antioch. This led up to tho proprrt -vs of Christian miiiions iLiid' the work done since the foundation of tho Gr=t real Chvistiau mission. The comiiionv.c.-ilth of Apostolic Christianity was mo«t uii/hty in pulling down the stronghold c! iniquity and absorbing info itself tho conquered elements. In the third century, with tho i''°u °^ ^'10 pro'.d. liierachy 01 Rome, Ciin- tianity was deprived of Clin.sti.in frcedcin, and thereby was delayed the convLTJ-iun of the world. Our Prouv.t.int missions did n-ii commence till toward* t!ie close of Uic la«t century, for the: Society 1 -r tho Propag.itiijn of tlia Gosppj. wlsich «» founded in the yr.irlTOi'i, did not lay its work a:non-,- the lier.thcn. He went throu-rli the history of mission work from i.v.rly tlnica. in the hc^v-iuceiitli century was funned the Society l'i)c l'ro]-agauda r'i'k-,'' whose apenf 5 wiv vf t to b.j m -t with, xhc sevcntePntli century was tlin ;ij-c of pre paration : the oij;liteei:th century w:is tlie nje of lniivsioiiary activity. Tliis k-d up to tho forma tion of the London Missionary Society, wJjosp centenary tlu-y wore cplebratlng, j-nd with which thc-ir Churchc? had be.;n from the fct intimately connected. Tt hud been carrying 0:1 for ICH) year.-; a great work with wonderful success. It had proved the possibility of a successful un sectarian union of Ch'ri.stian workers. No Society lu-.d .surpa-^ed it in thu zeal of ite agcnls or tho success of its work. Dr. .Tefferis then spoke a few words on thu result of the Churches' united efforts. Re garded as the outcome of eighteen centuries' work it might produce despondency, but looked at as the result of a single century of Christian fiTort it gave great cause for congratulation. If their zeal remained the same, and thsir efforts were as blessed as tho.se of the past century, the next century would witness a striking change- all over the wrrid. Thero was no doubt tluit Christianity was the greatest of all religions and at present they looked forward hopefully to tho future, remembering many a stricken field out of which they hud come victorious. He outlined the great work which was now b?ing accimplished all over tho world, and not r-o much by the clergy as by tho laity, both of which terms he, however, depre cated. But lmiuh ri'inainpsi to be aurora pi ished. All the money ncerlcd wujjld c.v-ilv be forth coming-, for there was plenty of it in the cotters of the Church, if by the Church was meant all tha--e who belonged to it. II'1 i-oiicluded with an rarr.f-jt appeal to tho youn;r men to coiin; forward and take up the v.'oik which th'jir eldcra had begun. 