T H1101use of Silence. -4- [BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.] CHAPTER XVIII. THE MYSTERY. OF SLEEP. The death of Ursula left a gloomy impression upon Desiree and other inmates of the house. The presence of death is universally sombre, and its prestige does not always depart with the inert remains. Certain facts at tended the disease of Ursula: her sickness lasted sixteen days. Four days she was able to walk about the house; five she was con fined to her room; seven to her bed: The medical history of the case, though it can be verybriefly stated, was inex plicably baffling. The circumstances were as follows : A violent disturbance had taken place in the system after eating a light breakfast. The pulse was accelerated, an inflammation of the throat appeared, the stomach took on a spasmodic action, and rejected its contents, the skin became hot and dry, while the nervous system was painfully excited. Her sufferings were intense. Madame Vancourt attributed these symptoms to the effects of a sudden cold, and admi ministered a medicament which tem porarily relieved her;. but after languishing for the period above named, she died a little after midnight' of the sixteenth day. Three eminent medical gentlemef wereiiih attendance upon her during the latter part of her sickness, but the opinion of each dif fered in regard to the cause of the malady and the remedies to be em ployed. Their prescriptions were utterly worthless; and indeed it may be doubted if they did not really increase the difficulty, and add to the ;patient's sufferings -a circumstance that, I believe, not unfrequently occurs in the experi ences of medical men. Desiree Montreuil sat in her cham ber one night, thinking such thoughts as these concerning Ursula. It was not a pleasant subject, but she could not banish it; it would come up in one shape or another. *Dorothy, who had an eye for every event, took the liberty to break in upon her solitude, and quickly guessed the nature of the voune lady's reflections. 'I've allers, mum, since I arrove at the years of digression, been in favour of the free suppression of opinion; I will say, 'thout fear or favour, that in the whole course of my life I never prognosticated sich a corpse as Buly's. Why, bless you, there wa'nt nothin' left of her but skin and bones. The muskles was emikated and shrunk till they wa'nt thicker than paper, and the whole system was conduced to a skillington. 'Twas most mysterious, mum, and, not'standin' the inordinate station I occupy, I must say that I wish more importunks had been de tached to saddle-bags. Doctors that 7 don't bring saddle-bags 'pear to me to be jest no doctors at all. It's sore freshin' to see saddle-bags hangin' over the back of a chair, mum, or settin' aside the bed. Well, we must all die; and when the time comes and the Lord a-massy only knos when that'll be-we must go prepared or unprepared, willin' or unwillin', saint or sinner, world's people or 'totherwise, which I s'pose is a wise disquisition of Providence, for, if we had our own way about it, we should live to be as old as Nebuc hadezzar, and then not be ready. It's weakness to me, but I really am afeared to walk about the house after dark, lest I should see that thin face and retenuated from movin' noiselessly along the halls, like the ghost of Ban quet's father. I never could bear the si ght of a reg'lar apprehension, mum!' Desires took up a book, and hinted *.to Dorothy that her conversation was far from cheerful. Hints, however, would not suflice for Dorothy; the young lady was obliged 'to tell her that, under the circumstances, her room would be preferable to her bodily presence. Happily relieved of the spinster, Desires attempted to read an old romance, and applied her self to the task so persistently that she actually perused some twenty pages without comprehending a dozen lines of the whole. Her thoughts natur ally returned to Ursula, then to Louis Blondeau, and finally, I might add to Monsieur Lavigne; although his remembrance was always more or less present to her consciousness. Sho entered once more that charmed palace, and its eternal arches were full of silent joy. She leaned against the golden columns; she sat down by purling fountains; she gazed upon the delightful pictures; she wandered through the long aisle lighted with love-lamps, while softest music breathed from unseen choristers, and every object brought the purest emo tions of pleasure. There was a dissonant sound; it was like the opening and closing of a door. Desires glanced at her watch; it was 12 o'clock. If a door had been opened, it was Madame Vancourt's, which was nearest; her ear assured her of that. Now, if Madame Van court was-opening her door at such an hour, it was something out of the usual course, and she was curious to know her purpose. Probably her curiosity would never have had birth had she not recalled the circumstance of having soon her up before at an un seasonable hour, followed and watched, too, by the mystery-loving house keeper. Desireo acted as most sensi ble people would, similarly placed; she locked her door,: and looked out making as little noise as practicable. She saw Eugenia in her night-robe, with a lamp in one hand and a bunch of keys of various sizes and shapes in the other. There was something peculiar about madam's face and ex pression. Her eyes were open, but seemed to be fixed on vacancy; they were turned full toward Desiree, butit was evident that they took no cognis ance of her. Her cheeks were un usually pale, the lips fixed and earnest. Eugenia was sleep-walking. Desiree had seen persons walk in sleep, and had no doubt of the state of her friend. She stepped back into her room, took the lamp from her table, and followed Eugenia, who, turning into the ball at the head of the stairs, went directly towards her father's library. Her little feet fell like snowflakes upon the floor. Desires was ihalf ready to believe that some invisible agency bore her along. She was lighter than the air she moved through. She was silent as a spirit, without effort. She paused at the library door, which was always kept locked. Desires queried what she would -do now, for the lock was of peculiar construction. The fair som nambulist evinced no anxiety; but sel ecting the largest of the keys inserted it, and turned the bolt without diffi culty. She glided in, Desires after her, so near that she almost touched her garments. Madam, though sleep ing, had lost no part of her cunning; she prudently closed the door, and turned the key. On the opposite side of the room were cases containing books; pictures hung upon the remaining walls. A table and easy-chair stood in a corner. Eugenia approached the table and placed her lamp upon it, then wheel ing the chair to the wall, took down a picture--a very large one that reached nearly to the floor-which she put aeide carefully. Still standing in the chair, she commenced passing her right hand mysteriously over the wall, touching every portion within a certain area very rapidly, and with a dexterity that would have been impossible for her to attain in a waking state. The object of her search was soon found, which proved to be a hidden spring, giving the finder cbntrol over a nicely adjusted panel or door. Desires looked on with surprise. An\emotion of pain passed over her features, and she was agitated, but rallying presently, she watched Ma dame Vancourt with breathless inter est. There was something singularly weird and sagacious about her move ments. She made no mistake; she accomplished everything with strange certainty; her dextrousness approxi mated to the unerring manipulations of an adept in occult artse. There was no pertubation, no indiscreet haste, no doubtful faltering, no perplexity. All that she had done, or was to do, was perfectly defined and marked out on the tablets of her mind. She was acting though unconsciously in agreement with a long-cherished and completely studied plan, every detailof which was familiar, and had been passed over many times. The panel being opened, a mas eive iron'safe was visible. Madame examined the lock with those quiet, unseeing eyes, then selected another from the bunch in her hand-a very odd-looking one indeed. There was method, a kind of prophecy of success in all this; it was unlike things that are done at a venture. Desiree heard the intricate locks fly back as Eugenia made revolution after revolution of the key. How did she know how many times to turn the key, and precisely when to stop ? That she did know was manifest. The heavy door turned sullenly upon its hinges, as if loth to reveal its secrets. Madam's work was not completed, for another key was to be fitted, another door unlocked, which business she proceeded to dispatch with the same unfailing tranquillity. She was, now fairly at the interior of the safe, in the center of which was deposited a small copper box, which was also locked. Indeed, locks and keys seemed to be the order of the night. Desiree's attention grew more earnest; she regarded the copper box with an interest that it would not be easy to describe. Did she know what it contained ? Mtadam took out the box and placed it on the table, and the smallest key of the bunch opened it. Desiree now observed that her expression every moment became more eager. That she was approaching the grand denouement, was apparent upon that serene visage of hers, even. She clasped her hands; a little tremor ran over her, then those very white fingers raised the lid. A pale, triumphant smile appeared on her lips; it lingered there, imparting a strange, wild beauty. As she stood there in her snowy night-robe, she was a very Pythoness, rapt and inspired with an all-absorbing vision. Those all-con quering, magical fingers went down in the box; they brought up some thing with a great many angles that shone and flashed like a star. Desiree started and smiled faintly, while Eugenia's countenance glowed more and more. The joy of her trance showed itself with more palpability upon the quiet muscles and mute mouth. Desires wondered what that spiritual nature of here could be dreamining about. How the soul could look out through those passive and glassy windows, and rejoice and exult in the glitter of a gem! It showed where madam's treasure and heart were. Desireo's face underwent rapid changes; first it was pale, then beauti fully flushed, then of mingled white and red. Her limbs shook, too, and she did not hold the lamp quite steady; but whatever were the nature of her emotions, she did not for an instant avert her eyes from Eugenia, whose whole internal consciousness was concentrated upon the miniature sun which she held up in a sort of ecstasy between her thumb and finger. A startling truth was evident. She pressed between that taper finger and dainty thumb a diamond worth half a million. It was pure, radiant white, and its hundred facets flashed like the eyes of a ser pent. The lamp paled before it; it threw an unearthly light upon Eugenia's face. In her pride, beauty, and triumph, she looked like the bride of Lucifer, having power and dominion over the haughty and arro gant. Desiree feared that the swell ing tide of exultation would awaken her, but it did not; she inwardly adored the treasure without alarming the grosser part of her into normalism. She could not gaze enough, or suff ciently admire the blazing jewel, the fiery brilliancy of which burned its way through the quiescent brain to the very citadel of her soul. She re placed it in the box, bent over it, bowed to its power, saw houses and lands, horses and coaches, dinners and wines, balls and routs, suitors and lovers, fashion and intrigue in the glorious gem, then closed the lid with a sigh breathed by Psyche herself. How much there was in that sound-what a world of regret and longing it told. The conquering hand locked the box, the two doors, closed the panel slowly, reluctantly, mournfully, yet without visible excitement or the slightest error or awkwardness. Awk wardness? It was impossible for madam to be awkward; she was born graceful-graceful, but-but Desires was born better; she had grace and something more. The picture went back to its place, Desires could not tell how, but it went back-madam charmed it back for aught she knew. The chair was adjusted to the writing-table, and everything had its accustomed place and look. Then Desiree trembled again, for Eugenia's mind being with drawn from the absorbing object of her pursuit, she feared she might re turn too soon to the outward world. Desiree prayed that Heaven might avert a discovery. She wished to get back to her chamber before the spell should be dissolved. She retreated from the door and Eugenia approached it. Desires was chilled by those stony eyes, which looked without seeing, receiving no conscious impres sions upon their slumberous surfaces. She turned the key, opened the door, stepped over the threshold, stepped back to take a final survey of the room, and while she stood there like a white and passionless enchantress, Desiree glided silently under her arm, and hastened with light footsteps to her chamber. BHAPTER XTX. STEEL AGAINST STEEL. On the following day Madame Van court and Howden had an interview. If they felt mutual distrust of each other, they tried to disguise it; but despite their efforts, it could not be entirely concealed. 'I have begged thehonour of seeing you,' said Howden, 'to learn if you are approaching nearer the object of -of our endeavours? You have been under that roof a long time; you have the confidence of the family.' 'What you say is true,' replied Eugenia; 'I go, I come, unques tioned. I stand high in the opinion of the Montreuils.' 'But have you no opportunity of being alone in the house-in that room which I suspect contains the secret of our hopes ?' Howden spoke with more than ordi nary earnestness, and kept his regards upon Eugenia's face. 'I have been in every room-in that room,' she answered, compo sedly. ' You have been in that room alone, unobserved, and mistress of your own actions ?' 'I have,' said madam. 'Did you have the keys? Did you try every desk, table, box, and drawer ?' 'I did.' 'Without success?' 'Without success,' repeated madam. 'Did you examine the floor, the wall., every crevice and corner ?' ' All,' responded Eugenia. 'There are book-cases in the room and pictures upon the walls,' ob served Howden, anxiously. 'I looked behind them,' returned madam tranquilly. ' Have you probed the walls and floors with needles? Have you thrust the thin blades into every joint and crevice ?' 'I have neglected nothing. I have explored with needles fine as a hair and blades thinner than tissue-paper. The dumb walls have yet told no tales-the wainscoting has not yielded the great secret. I doubt your judg ment. Jules Howden. It is not, it cannot be there.' 'I tell you I am right! I have traced it step by step. There can be no error,' he retorted, with em phasis. (To be Contnued ) 