SPORTING. BV ' MA9COTTE.' An accident which caused a deal of alarm for awhile (says the Wagga ^ldrertiser) oc curred in the Yasa Plaius Handicap, on Alonday. After the field had gone about three furlongs, Kinderspeil, on whom Bob Piper was seated, was working hi.s way to the front on tho inside, and at a point where tho running track has got un ugly turn, and where an unpadded post is situated, the fiold closed on Kinderspeil, the result being that he crashed into the post. The dust obscured tho horses and riders from view for a while, but with all apoed Piper was brought back to tho en closure, and although considerably bruised about the legs, his head and body escaped injury. Kinderspeil, it is thought, has re . ceived injuries that will necessitate a long spoil. 41 Rcgiuald' writes : ' There seems to be an impression entertained that Hoya, owing to the lengthy term of comparative idleness he lias enjoyed, will not bo ready by the latter end of the month. I don't think thero is much cause for uneusiness on this score. During the last few months the haudsome bay has certainly not been over taxed with work, and he now looks a bit thickish. Of this, however, little notice be taken. Hova does not require anything like a gruelling preparation. Alwayn a fine, healthy fellow, he can very quickly be knocked into racing fix. While spelling ho lost none of that great muscularity which is one oi his chief characteristics, and being clear in the wind, it would wot, I should say, take many ' extenders' to render him fit for service under silk.' Oxcnham's team, including Waterfall, Cabin Boy, und Laura, has left for Mel bourne. Coil, Lo Var, and Chesterman are also about to cross the border. Torea dor, Collarette, Cravat, Adoration, and Jer sey Lily are due at Flemington at an early date, Allsop leaves with Fort and Huret next week. Cabin Boy grows move handsome every day. His werle has been of the medium pace order. Coil is still the champion lazy horse, and Lo Var flies along over his three furlongs like machinery. u T.T.' writes : — ' We arc all prone to worship the rising sun — or in this junction the most recent classic winner— and that propensity on the part of double-event puntcra probably accounted on Monday after tho Geelong settling for the rush to got on to tho Trenton colt, Trcnthain, for the Newmarket Handicap aud Australian Cup. ' Better than Wallace at level weights,' said the coguoscenti. And surely no colt could have won the Foal Stakes more easily. But defeating Tlio Merry Boy and J.O. even by ten lengths isn't quite the most startling racing incident on record. We can safelyigrant that Trentham is well in in the Newmarket at 7.3, and, perhaps, even more leniently dealt with in the ten furlong race, but isn't it rather premature to mention him es*en in the same breath as Wallace uat level weights ?' The following are the scratching* for the Newmarket Handicap : — Glory, Kngincer, Coolalta, Vanitas, Kelp, Merman, Kmon na-Kpnck, BtiJlerana, Ganlus, Musketoon, Marusa, Cravat, Malula, King Arthur, Mona, Lord Richmond, Gale, Hera, Vichy, Rosella, San Marco, and Amiable. Aus tralian Cup — Bradford, Patron, Ronda, Lord Chavles Scott, Aquarius, Toreador, Venetia, Strahan.and Palmetto. Last week a fishing contest between Mr J. Webb, of Echuca, and Mr W. Harvey, of Moama, took place on the Murray. The men fished for seven hours, and at the call of time Mr Webb had a basket containing 37lb of fish, but MrHarvev could show only 6*lb. Pivot, a four-year-old son of Swivcller and Wild Rose (dam of Labor-in-Vaiu) won the Geelong Cup on Saturday, defeating seven others. Meeting Kobold in the Sires' Product* Stakes at Geelong on , Saturday on 61b better terms than when he suffered a ftuky dofcat in the Nornianby Stakes, Newhaveu avenged the Normanby Stakes defeat in hollow fashion, Kobold never having a ghost of a show with the Newminster colt. Disquieting rumors come from Adelaide about Auraria, who . is said to have de veloped unmistakable lameness. All who profess any iuterest in tlic turf will anxiously await news of the filly's speedy recovery. It would detract a good deal from the interest in the approaching V.K.C. Meeting if it were found impossible to run oS in the Champion that C. B. Fisher Plate dead heat between Auraria and Wallace. Tho astuto Dan O'Brien, in reply to a Maoriland pressman, gave it as hi* opinion that Coil was the ' boss ' of the New South Wales two-year-olds, with Huret and Adoration next in order. But he considers that the Carbine— Venicc colt, Fucile, will beat them all as threc-ycar-old3. Loyalty is to be given another trial on the track. The son of St. Georgo is as sound as [a bell. The little bulldog, as the gallaut Portsea is generally termed, has been put into work again at Flemington, and looks well after his long holiday. An English jockey named Burus, at pre sent in Russia, has written to a Victorian statiug the terms upon which he would like to engage himself in Australia. He appears to be on pretty good term3 with himself, for he says, ' I would require a standing salary, with three guineas for losing mount, fiveguinoas for winniue mount, alsotravell ing expenses and board wages when away from home.' Burns has not yet been cabled to ' come out.' Music, since he has beeu in Glonloth Carmody's hands, is said to have greatly improved. Old Snip, with Ted Davis in the saddle, ran second to Borderer in the mile and a half hurdle race at VVilliamstown on Anni versary Day. The journey was got over in the smart time of 2min. 55Jsecs. 'Re- ferring .to the race, ' Terlinga' says 44 Borderer openod at G to 4 in the Hurdle Race, but with Snip and Bischoff well sup ported the top weight eased to 2 to 1. Mr Miller's consistent gelding won, but ho only squeezed home by ? half 1 a liead.- Snip seemed to run unkindly, but he could have won despite this if Davis had handled him better. Davis is not un artist by any means.' . Jubilant is said to be one of the sweetest movers at Flemington. - The Bosworth gelding is said to be a rather, dainty feeder, aad his work is .measured out according to the attention he pays his manger. ° « progeny of Apremont. has won the Wellington Cup four tinies in succession. . Old Merrigal is in;,thc estimation of the weight adjuster a light of other days. '.Taranaki' says : 'I don't think thoro has ever - been a breed of horses named so as to indicate their sire with so much succcss as the Sunrise family: . To keep in touch with the custom, the owner of the grey filly Esirnus (who won the last race at Yerong recently) must have been deter mined to be fushionable when ho bestowed the name of Esirnus on her^ which spells Sunrise backwards. Tho name caused a deal of merriment at Yerong, punters being somewhat at a loss us to the pronunciation. After several attempts, I Jieard ono punter yell, ' Well, what price- Sunrise .back warda ?' The aucieut Aurolius is bowliug along on the track at Ficmiugton, looking bright and gay. Tho Newmarket Handicap, candidate; Rosetta, has been showing signs of lame, ness. Hova has been sharponed up in his work, and is moving freely. Gaillardia is on the big side, and may not be ready by Newmarket day. - ^l't J* Mayo's marc, Tho Meddler, has becu blooding a lot from the' nostrils of late, and has been thrown out of work in conae quence. ' The Skipper, who won; the Corinthian Plate dt tho S.T.C. Mcetiug, cost Mr S. Hordorn 315 gns as a yearling. Trance, who was disqualified iu QueeuB. recently, goes to Soutb:Africa/ * 