MR. 'FOSSIL' FOSBERY. ? ? i Ik designating the head of the Police Department a ' fossil,' we do bo advisedly, and of set purpose, and in much the same way as Premier IIeid applied tbe term to the members of tbe Legislative Council, as being super annuated. out-of-date, and worse than useless. The Inspector-General . of Police, the aforesaid official ''fossil,' Fosbery, is a sort of tolerated Tite Barhacle on our publie life, who ought long ago to have been given his walking ticket, and that, too, without a pension. He is the Pooh-Bah of the Pnblic Service, and would 'make up splendidly as the Boss Bobby in a comedy of Old Japan. Why lie v ever made Inspector-General, - ' ? !-ns done to justify his appuintux ?- liy he has been allowed to reiuii ?- long, are questions that have bi c.i puzzling, for many a dsy, that portion of the pnblic who are. not behind r ie scenes to see bow tbe official wires are worked. Mr. Fosbery is one of the most notorious of the many notorious appointments made to the Public Service by the late Sir Hekry Paekes, than whom a more politically corrupt and morally scabby Minister of the Crown never exercised the; patronage. of office in this coiony. .During the dastardly and damnable so rai.ett .reman conspiracy wuicu kuai- lioary-headed old sectarian conspirator concocted against the Irish citizens and their re}igion in connection with 'the mid Irishman. — O'Fabbell'b — attempt on the life of the Duke pf Edinburgh, at Clontarf, Fosbery found congenial employment j and high favor as a fossicker for a stneller-out of Fenian conspirators. His energy and zeal as pARiis1 Police pointer ' in working np the details of the Fenian scare, commended him highly to Parkes, and ultimately secured for him uis present position in succession to the late Captain McLebib irho declined to act as Paekes' sleuth- : hound in the concocted conspiracy scare, \ whicji.he publicly, branded as bogus. j J3nt FojjDkby, pfter his Fenian-tracking ] feata — ^in which he tracked nothing bat ij ILiama Ghosts and the like^-becamo InBpector-General, in which position be j has. been pietrifying for nearly a score of year®, until now he is a positive fossil, good lor. neither use nor ornament.; Since he has been at the head of the Folice, the administration of that depart ment has been gradually degenerating, until to-day it has become a menace tp our citizens, and an opprobrium to civil life, instead of a safeguard to the one jmd an honor to the other. . The Con stabulary Force is in a state of dis organisation, while the Detective Department has become thoroughly demoralised and .inefficient. Many of | the constables are little better than brutal fonlliea and Joot-sads : while , certain men in the DetectiTe Force, and among the plain-clothes men, are reputed blackmailers in league with thieves, and in the pay of brothels. . It is. j scarcely neoessary to stipulate that theBe allegations are not hurled at random against the police as a whole. ; On the .contrary, it must be admitted J that the force contains many estimable ! men, of good edncation. and manners, - who are competent 'to fill not only the highest positions in the. police, but who would also adorn any other position in the public service. The great majority of the force, Detectives and Constables, rank and file, are a credit to their cloth, and worthy of the highest trust and con fidence. But there are, ^fortunately, among them ,a number /of black-sheep, known as ' crawlers,*' who, while bully ing and browbeating the public, cringe to their superiors, for whom they act as spieB On and informers against better ; men.. These are the'tort ,of men. who secure official, countenance -ind favor, and get. 'quick but -? unmerited promotion to the detriment and disgust of the respectable members of the force, who detest yand despise them.. It is due 4-a ' -man fllAQa men should . be \ exposed and de-, nounced. .h The Fqrce will neyer be whsjt it onght toM ^'aa ark of safety for this citizens, 'mntil :tbese ' bullies ' and ' crawlers,' together with' their aiders and »bj^»,*reW Tbutd, in the public interests; dares to tellMr ' Fossil' Fobbeby to his teeth,: and if he doea not like it, let him dis prove it. or do diB next best thing, lnmp on^. 'VA Let «ny impartial citizen read the plMn ahd~nhvarmsbed tale told in -this issne $1 T&utb; agains t the police ; let him read irhat Juis already, beeii recorded in the two f receding issues. and then, after adding facts abd circamstanoes ot a ainiii*r charaijter epming within his own persotud otawrfaiion or knowledge, say whether he thinks the indictment fonndatedagunBtonr '«ivildefeBders' — «-nr 'gallant guardians of the' peace — is not rather under-stated than coaggerated. -? The publio— of ten greatly to its amazement— is almost da3y regaled with newspaper reports {generally oonoocted by poiice liank selves) of ti.e wonderful zeal, energy, and aatiueiicss displayed b; curtain mem- bers of tlie torce — jsjiecially in the Uetcc tive branch — iu tlie 'Ju'ieulion of crime and capture of criminals. An unsophis ticated citizen, unacquainted with the real record of crime'in tbi? coImy, would almost imagine from reading these per sistent newspaper puffings of the police, that all our constables were paragon policemen, and our detectives perfect ' demons' in the detection of crime and the discovery of criminals. Whereas, as a matter of every-day fast and com mon knowledge, this city aud its suburbs are honeycombed with crime and literally swarming with criminals, many of whom are known, but not wanted by the police, and pursue felonious operations under their ri'n'''ses. Why is this thus.' Ti.u iwn suggests its own' answer, w;.icii .. publicly stated would cause honest, unsuspecting citizens' ears to tingle with surprise and indignation. Yet, while harmless, unoffending, or un fortunate drunken citizens are brutally outraged by bein^ maltreated, battered and bruised, and then locked up on false charges, or left half-dead in the | streets, forgers, embezzlers, burglars, garotters, pickpockets, park-prowlers, J, and even murderers are left at large. Murders committed in broad daylight, or at night, in our public thoroughfares j or parks, pass unpunished, because our j Wonderful ' demons ' cannot discover the murderers, or will not, for reasons best known to'themeelves, bring the mur derers to justice. Not so long ago a man was stabbed to death outside a butcher's shop in Devonshire-street, and, yet the murderer has never been con victed. A sailor man was kicked to death at'Pyrmont, but tbe ' demons ' conld not bring his assailants to justice. Another man was kicked to death at Circular Quay, yet nobody was punished for the crime. Yet another man was found stabbed to death in the Domain, without his - mur derer being traced. These, and the Dean ahd Botlee cases, and similar cases up-country, prove what a splendid organisation our Police Department really is— for criminals ! All the while respectable law- abiding citizens go in fear of their liberty, limbs, and very UICJ, w it Iuq W UUQ VCilVl UU^IICU UJ uniformed ruffians who parade onr streets by day and night in the garb of guardian* of the peace, as the record of brutal ' Police Atrocities,' recorded in this and preceding issues, prove they have good reason for doing. The very latest development in police terrorism is the threat of a prominent member of tlie Detective Police — a peculiar ? pet' of Attorney -general Want and of Mr. ' Fossil ' Fosbery — to give the Editor of Truth, i.e., the writer of the present article, a lading,. if he dares to publish anything more about him. Such is the i preposterous degree to which police pre s amp tion and impudence has reached under Mr. ' Fossil' Fosbeby's regime ; j such is thti menace to V law 'and order ' and personal security which the police force, as a body, has become under the mismanagement ef thai most incom petent of administrators, the present Inspector-General. Who, after all, is this man Fosbery, that he should, be thus allowed to muddle and mismanage the Police Department, npon the proper adminis tration oi wnicn largely aepena xne peace and security of the community ? We have deiscribed his official origin, and the motive process of his promotion to his present position. He is not only an ? official fossil ; he is also a sectarian incubus, one of -the few sur viving' official relicts of an opprobrious past. He never was, and never can tie fitted for the post he occupies — this the actual state of the Department con-, closively demonstrates. How. then, comes it that he has succeeded sO long in defying public criticism, and retaining his ' billet 7' Simply by sinister social and political inflaences— sinister in the sense of working . in opposition to the best popular interests ? Fosbery gained his post through sectarianism ; he keeps it through cliqneism. He is more at home at Government House functions as one of ' the very nicest people ' ' than in his office as Director of the. Police. As the Pooh Bah of the Public Service, he combines in ' his single person many offioiBB. In addition to that of Inspeotor General of Police, he is paid President of the Metropolitan Transit Commission ; President of the Aborigines' Protection Board : Chairman of the JCharitv Or ganization Society, besides holding other , official and Semi-official positions, each, and all , of which ' bring him kudos or cash, lor, perhap?, both at the same time, the two being convertible terms with a pnblic servant of Fosbeby's- moral stamp and mental calibre. Were he the most competent head of the police, \ih*. stead of the most incompetent that this or any other country has ever tolerated, he could not duly ' discharge all the accumulated, functions', appertaining to his several 'offices. To properly admin ister the Police^ Department of -New Soiiih Wales wot^d take the brains and energies of men ten UmeB. Fobbeby's superior. Fit only for. the . position of governor pr head-warder of a country gaol, he ought never to have been foisted into Ids present position. But seeing that he is there, and in view of all the harm that he has done since being ihere, the b6st thing to do with him now it — to get rid of Mm. With this pertinent suggestion to his superiors, Troth leaves Mr. Fosbert and his 'menj men ' lor the present. Meanwhile, let ' the pnblic watph! . .'V . 