The Two Lovers of Marget Langley. CHAPTER L I was a good deal flustered when I left the house that morning, I am willing to admit. I daresay most spinsters of thirty-five who had just re calved a proposal of marriage from an eligible man would have been a little agitated, as I was. You see, I had had my little romance twelve years ago; and though I carried a lock of brown hair and "verses to my sweet heart" signed "your own Tom" in my purse, I think I had got over the pain of that estrangement. I had even learned to be thankful that Tom had "dropped" me, since I knew that he had drifted away from all respectable associates, and was lost in the whirlpool of London's "unrecognised." 1 was reconciled to my spinsterhood, and had settled myself in a quiet little villa at Lewisham with a maid to wait upon me, and a dog to keep me company. Some times I took tea with a neighbour, or spent the day with an old friend at Brockley; and it was through those mild dissipations that I met Mr Andrew Jones. He was a pleasant, well-to-do gentle man of forty-five or fifty, well-known to my friends, and in every way suitable if I chose to accept the offer he had made. I thought I would, but determined to consider it well, so decided upon taking a morning's shopping before sending my answer. I had broken a ruby brooch-pin the day before, and I meant to leave it with a jeweller when on my shopping expedi tion; so, as I shoved ten pounds into my purse, I put the brooch there as well for safety. It was a very old-fashioned brooch, good stones set in silver of Indian workmanship. It had been "in the family" a long time, and I valued it very highly. I set out for Lewisham High Road, thinking more of Mr Andrew Jones and his letter than any thing else; and- Well ! well! I was carrying an umbrella, a maE, and purse, also a chain by which I was obliged to lead my dog Puff whenever we went along the High Road. How, or when, it happened I cannot tell. I believe it was when I passed a cerner leading to St. John's Station, and had to step aside as a crowd of people came pouring out. Anyway, when I reached the jeweller's I had lost my purse. Ten pounds is always a sum to be re gretted, and so is a family relic valued at fifteen pounds ; but somehow I found myself dwelling more upon my loss of the " verses to my sweetheart" and the lock of brown hair. Had I dropped the purse ? If so, there was the ghost of a chance that an honest person picked it up, and would restore it to me, for my card with fall address was in side. But I felt sure the purse had been taken from my hand when I was jostled at the railway corner. I could remember changing Puff's chain from the left to the right hand just there, and I am sure the purse was also in my right hand. The dog had been pulling onhis chain. It was easy to see how I had been robbed. I reported my loss to the police, and I returned home with mind so full of regret that all thought of Mr Andrew Jones had departed. It was not till late in the afternoon that I recalled his unanswered letter, and set myself to the task of replying. While I was occupied in concocting a pleasant billet donu the postman's knock thundered on the door, and pre sently the maid brought in a letter. It was a very unpleasant-looking envelope, dirty, and the address very badly written though correctly spelt. I am very particular about the spelling of my name. So many people will call it Langly instead of Langley. But what struck me as curious was that the letter was addressed, not to Gis. Langley, as all my letters are addressed, but to Miss Marget S. T. Langley. Being an unmarried'woman, I have my cards engraved with my Christian name, and no " Miss" attached to it. Whoever had written the letter I held knew my name very well indeed, even to the uncommon speling of it. I pened the envelope, and drew out a half sheet of paper with some writing on it. It was evidently the writing of an uneducated person, and this was what I read : " Yur purs was took near Sent Jone. E hav no use for hare and such like. y is in our line. the juel pin will bring fifteen pounds, and yur set store byit. If you like tobuy it of us we ara agreeable..Bring fifteen ponds to place named below at nine of the clock this mnte and you will receive yur purs ald all contains but mony. Polis is no use; we are not to be caut. Place, east end of Carlton Boad, yurself; no one else must aeer." "How very surprising I" I exclaimed aloud, though I was alone; then I be gan to study the letter bit by bit, and a strange thrill of fear went through me as I reaised by what was said that the thief must have been watching me; he had found out the value of the brooch, he had made earse it was a trinket I cherished; he had not destroyed the lock of hair and verses; he had con s ,ieration for a lonely woman's senti ment regarding precious relics, and I should have-mine restored if I were brave enough to trust a thief, and meet him alone after dark at alonely corner, bringing with me a good sum of money. At first I thought of consulting a neighboumr, but the warning woris police of no use; we are not to be enght," showed me that I had wide awake rogues to deal with.o I should wo gain nothing and lose all, probably,-ifI ge did not act in every particular as directed. wi After hours of consideration, I made so up my mind to -risk-everything and-do in as desired. m I always kept plenty of ready money he in the house, so there would be no fo difficulty about the £15 ; and, being in bi comfortable circumstances, I was quite willing to.pay that sum for my precious J relics. fc At half-past eight I put on my walk- I ing gear, and prepared with much sc trepidation for my adventure. -As I I came down the stairs there was a m visitor's knock at the door, and who should step in-meeting me in the hall Pi -but Mr Andrew Jones ! di w CHAPTER II. b "Good evening. Miss I.angley," said my visitor in cheery tones; and as he followed me into the library, he added, "Pardon my coming so late, but I was impatient for an answer-couldn't have slept, you know, till I was certain. You-you got my letter, of course T2' "Yes," was all I could reply, in a flatter. " You have just come in? I can wait your convenience." h "I am just going out," I stammered, of "but not for long-a few minutes-on a -on-business-you know." a He looked surprised, probably think- p, ing I chose queer hours for business, as but merely said, "Allow me to escort fi you to your destination, and our little ni talk can be got through as we walk, tl eh?" with a smile which somehow n, annoyed me. a "No, no!" I answered hastily, and al rudely, I suppose. "I shall not be out l many minutes." I looked at my watch, ti and it was ten to nine. " I must go," p I said. " Please excuse me, and-if rl you like, wait till I return in-in a few a minutes." of "Very well, Miss Langley," he i answered quietly, and took a seat, while in I fled away. a] I would not let myself think as I cc hurried towards Carlton Road; I had ai thrust my hand into my pocket, clutch- o, ing the bundle of bank notes, and al determined to go through with what I had began. It was moonlight, clear, st and bright. When I reached the east m end of the road, I slackened pace and a glanced fearfully round, but no one was h in sight except a servant maid, gossiping h with her neighbour at a gate, and two tl lads strolling along smoking. I walked I round the corner, turned back, and a passed slowly down Carlton Road a bit, u then retraced my steps, glancing around o asil the time. t] " Twice, thrice, I went back and re- g turned, the maid disappeared indoors, the lads had gone a good way off, and I tl began to fear I should never see my u purse again, when suddenly a man with ri a shuffling gait and hang-dog look came it round the corner, and stopped not far fc from where I was. With my heart in my month, I went I nearer and said, " I have come for my tl purse." t "Right you are, Mum," he made h answer; "where's the money ?" and he f, held out both hands, in one of which s lay my purse. I put the roll of hank- a notes in his other hand, and took the n purse. s " Thank you, Mum. Open it and u see that all's right," he said, as he t thrust the money into his pocket, and stood to see me examine my lost pro- r perty. The brooch was there, and the verses, l and the lock of hair sad my cards, and a -something more, something I had 9 not put there, but which I recognised at once. I could not speak, I could only gaze in horror upon the little " forget me-not" ring which lay beside the lo=k of brown hair, for I knew it as a love token given to me by Tom, and re turned to him when my little romance ended. I could scarrely stand, I was so moved in my soul by finding the ring there. "Where. how-" I began, turning to the man, but he was gone, and I was alone. Then my tears broke forth in time to t prevent my fainting. " Oh, Tom, Tom," I wailed, as I leant against the wall, and remembered nothing, nothing, but young love, and my lost youth. "Oh, i Tom, my poor Tom I have you fallen so low as this ? Why did you leave me ? 1 I was strong, if you were weak. I could have kept you on the straight path. Oh, this is cruel, terrible-oh, Tom, Tom!" t "Marget," said a low voice near me. I turned, and there stood Tom, haggard and worn; but Toru for all that. i I caught his hand, and cried again, and Tom said noething, just stood with his head bent and~ his hand trembling in i my eager grasp. At last his silence frightened me, and I I asked, ' Why have you chosen such a way as this of aoming to me ?" " Not of my choosing," he answered. "Your jirse was picked up by one of us," and there was a horrible tone in his voice as he spoke identifying himself with thie-es. "I overhaul such things. I recognised your brooch and card, of course; aye, and the other things, Marget. I determined you should have those thin grestored, but-theywrangled about the-hrooch, and I pledged myself j that you wmould give its value in money. Then-because of those other relics, Marget-i felt a great longing to see you again or, at least, to let you know something about me. :So Iputthe ring there, and· I came here, not to speak to you. Buf, your tears--oh, Marget, I left you nuot because I had ceased tolove you, but :because I knew myself un worthy oB you. I ought not to let your1 hand toud:h mine." I claseped his hand tighter, and I said---- Need I tell what a woman "1 in such a strait says ? I think God gave me. power to speak then as I had never spoken to anyone in my life, and I spoke tb some purpose. " Sin c you have some faith in me," said Toei, lifting his head for the first time, " I' will try-yes, I will try hard to ret?ieve. I will do as you bid. I will, ip lossible, break the evil chains with which'I have enslaved myseILf. I'll make-a stand at last, I will!" "Then come with me," I said. My will was always stronger than his, and I overcas.me his feeble scruples. I made him tcome to my house, and I led him into the library, where Mr Andrew Jones was waiting for me. \- Without a moment's hesitation, I told the good man all Tom's story, how he had be en-led away by vicious companions, how his people had turned him off with out giving him a chance to retrieve, of our engagement, and my lost purse everything. And as I spoke I looked from the one man to the other, and was oonscioun of a grestrrc sitnfaef fieling I going on within me; . Something like contempt was blended with the pity I had felt for Tom; something more than respect was waking in my heartfor-the honestplain'gentle- man who, through years -of patient, honourable work, had made a position for himself which any lonely lady might be thankful to share. "Dear Miss Langley," said Mr Jones, when I* finished, " I honour .you for yourconfiding frankness. I daresay I can help the-young man. I have some influence-and-that sort of thing. I-hem I I shall wait for the answer ti my letter of last night." He took Tom away with him, and he put him on a straight road, which Tom did not always keep on. But Mr Jones was patient, and always helped Tom back again. And I-well ! Bentiment got smothered, and I loved and married Mr Andrew Jones.-Jessie M. E. Saxby, in "The Scotsman," 