CHAPTER XVT. "When she could collect herself a little she found she was in the paddock near the road, and the back windows ot the lodge were staring' down at her. Even windows can look unsympathetic. Elizabeth felt chilled because blinds darken- ed these. She remembered that .Tern's .home was here no longer, and she wondered wanï had happened to his father. Then, with a. little rush of relief, all her thoughts went to Jem. Now she could belong to him. There wa.* no longer any one to dispute him his posses sion. Her aunt had cast her away; Cole, in all probability, would hud that a wife, fulfilled the office of a friend, Mosely Mostly would return to Lady Geraldine Har- court, ol: course. For her there was .Tem. and for .Teni there was her loving, ii ching heart. She had the strongest inclination to rest her hoad upon tile paling fence beneath his window, and -io cry. lt was purely a feminine inclina- tion, resulting from her overwrought feel- ings, and she -dismissed it peremptorily. instead, she thought-she would paya visit lo .Tern's father. Although she had prayed beside his bed when he was unconscious, siie had tantalised him endlessly in his working hours-before Jem had come home -and now she thought of atonement. Then she opened the gate and went out to the road. There was dust there, and trees, and a. hot. moist wind-a little dis tan oe oft: a mov- ing li la ck carriage. It was going very slowly, and the dust rose up 'before and be- hind it; and the wind caught the plumes it carried, and strove to make them sportive. Elizabeth stopped to watch it. It was the- first time she had ever seen Death mov- ing down that white, long road. How triumphant he looked, nodding, nodding, nodding, as he marched away. And where was lie going, after all V Possibly to the still churchyard whose tombs she and Cole had sat upon. Then another thought-Where was it com- ing from? She looked sharply at the lodge. Tito windows on this side had shutters-and they were closed. She ran round to the door. Ah, that was open! Jane, tho kit- chen maid, was hovering over a little heap of dust near the fi rep la se, and trying to- cia \ it into a dust-pan. Jane screamed a little, seeing a light gown, close beside her. "Lor. Miss Elizabeth," si ie cried, "wet a start you give ute!" "Has anything happened, Jane?" ner- vo n sly. "No, miss. Xothink as I know.-' mi. I w:is sent flown 'ere to denn nj) after they look the corpse away. Von see. I don't go to believe in ghosts nor. sperits." Elizabeth trembled. "Who-who is dead?" «h.» asked. "The old gardener, miss. 'He 'as boen bad Ibis long while." "When did he die?" "Ye>-'de nioruin'. miss." "Oh." cried Elizabeth, her eyes tilling. "1 am sorry. Oh, .lane! Oh, .lane! 1 am so soi ry. Where is .lem?" "Kc's walkin' after the body, miss. All alone by hisself." Elizabeth turned away. Again she stood on Hie road. Thc- carriage was almost out of sight now. Behind it she could see a spock of moving black-that was .lem, of course. How was lie looking? She tried to think. Iiis face rose in her mind as it had been tile night they bad prayed together-thin, boyish, with lonely, pathetic eyes. Patient, waifing eyes fixed on a door that closed in a collin. . Elizabeth's were brimming over with tears. She longed passionately to catch him up; to run down the long road to 'him; to slip her arm in his and tramp along by his side; to stroke his hand and keep whis- pering to him! "I have never comforted him yet," lier woman's heart told her. Now he was out of sight and she was walking after. She was crying still in a weak, miserable way for herself and him. She came to a wider part, of the road and an omnibus passed her. The driver caught her eye and stopped, but site shook her head She took off shorts of William-street, skirl- ed the park, and turned into the Domain. Then s'ho remembered appearances a little -lier gloveless hands, her large poppy trimmed hat, her old gown. Sive decided to take Macquarie-street 1») the Quay, and to keep her face bent down as much as possible. At: tho Quay an immense difficulty pre- sented itself. There was only one way of passing through the turnstile that led to the North Shore steamer, and that was by pay-' mont of a penny. And she had not one! Not a single penny piece. She walked about for ten minutes consid- ering. A mile of water lay between her and the North Shore, and for not liing less titan a penny could she cross. Sile went near ¡ind studied tile man's- face. Tt. was perfectly expressionless. He was too much ol' an automaton to originate an idea for her pasing through without .being registered. Sin was terribly tired, but she went out» si.le again and trod the Quay. Already «lie had walked live miles and her mind had run along before, all the time to the City of Dca til. where .Tem was. She had heard the las!, last words of all spoken above his fa tin-r's body. Now she felt that if «lie could not sit down «lie should cry. It seemed impossible lo do anything else. Two tears slipped down her cheeks, and «he brushed them away tiredly. She watched a cab dashing across the street, over towards her. It stopped quite close, and her eyes recognised Cole. Ile wa-! assisting Amelia Alicia Hargreaves to alight. Tin» crimson rushed hilo Elizabeth's face. Hew shabby she was! How dragged and dusty, and near to tears. And Amelia-tall, fair, and richly costumed. Tho old love :i:id the new! Tiley were on Hie pavement now. Cole smiling and feeling in Iii« pockets for pen- nies. Amelia looking up into his face. Elizabeth slipped behind an old woman selling papers. A man close at. hand raised Hie cry - ..'Obarl: apples! 'Obart apples! Fine 'Oliart apples!" C-ohi laughed. "Wo must go to Hobart, Amelia." he said. His back was towards Elizabeth-the end of his cane struck her gown. "How nico," said Amelia, sighing. ".Ma and I went last summer, .but-" The rest of their conversation was lost Irv Elizabeth. They had gone through the Turnstile. She shivered. Mow narrow had beni her escape! If Amelia had looked to Hie right instead of the left; if Cole's glance had been up instead of down. Sire looked round her sharply. "If I stay any 1 OJ igor," she- s>aid to her- self. "Mr. Mosely and Lady Geraldine Har- court will be arriving." Thon she wnv (hat Hie man hart como to the door of tl io subscribers' passage. Ho was gazing the other way. She remembered rhat lhere was» no turn- stile here. f t would be tpiite easy to slip through. i.Slic bit her lips hard and walked up be- hind tile man, then, witli frightened eye», site passed him. walked quickly on through to the jetty. Hiie did not. feel safe yet. There was» a footstep behind her, and her face whitened as sile .hurried on. Not one of all those on board would have sufpcctod that that soft-faced girl, in the obliging blue gown was cold and (pinking lurause she had cheated the steamship com- pany nf a penny. She hurried down the gangway. The iVulsleps «Mino after. A woman in front lo.ik up tho width of rho plank, and loirererl evceodingly. Elizabeth ga vi- lier a lit tl* plisll. "1 am in such a Iiurry," slic said, treniul onsly. "Kxcuse mc, madam," said a voice behind lier. She stared straight ahead, ami hurried on. She turned to an outside seat, and heard the gangway withdrawn. Then she sought a tar corner that looked friendly. There was a cry from the jetty. "lier in a blue dross, with a big hat," she he;>.rd. All the boat would know now. Tiny would fetch .her off. Perhaps Colo would come forward and give her a penny. "Wv was calling you, madam," said a man, rushing towards her. "Yes." .«he answered faintly. "You came through the subscribers' pas- sage?" "Yes." Her heart thumped loudly. "Did you lose anythinkV" Oh. tho blessed relief! "Xo." she said. A woman rushed up frantically. "I dirt." «ho said. "A purse. It .ha« three pounds in it. a packet of needles, and TWO shirt bul Elizabeth saw tho purse restored, and shut, li M* oyes in th a uk fulness. Thon she wondered why she had not. asked someone for a penny. Some lady. Anyone could have understood a forgotten purse. Lastly, she decided to reward the company with threepence for not detecting her, and to relievo IHM* conscience. Leaving the steamer at Milson's Point she saw Cole again. Ile was sitting on deck willi Amelia, directing her attention to a .passing beautiful yacht. "Ile is saying," Elizabeth told herself. " 'You and 1 will spend our honeymoon in :» yacht. Amelia.' " She did not caro very much, and she had not loved him enough to hale him. Put site .felt sore over lier friend's lack of confi- dence, and she felt insulted that lie should have spoken as lie hail done-only yester- day. When she opened the door of No. Ki lohn- st reef her face was white still. .Mrs. Thorne, seeing it. cried out in alarm. "It is nothing," said Elizabeth, "or-only a joke. I will tell you directly." Sin» ho- gan to laugh. Her motlier covered lier eyes, trembling. "How you, frightened mo!" she cried. "Oh. how you frightened me! You are as white as death. I thought your father-" She sank down on a chair, panting. .Then she started nj) again. "Your father?" she said. "Are- you-" "lie is all right." exclaimed Elizabeth, ten- derly, and rushing over (lie room to tiing 1er arius around the little trembling ligure. "I have not seen him-or heard of bini-or .any thing." "Hut why are you herc-why aro you white?" "Nothing. Nothing-only 1 wanted a penny, and I hadn't one. I've got a holi- day, muni, dear. Don't look frightened Why. mum!" She half carried her to the sofa, and lait h M' down. The little, fragile mother, will her clinging hands, and wide, childish oyo El izabel h's face had grown soft and wo m»;dy. She knelt down on the fioor by th sofa and stroked lier mother's face. "There." she whispered, "there! It is a right! It is all right, darling!" "I shall be better directly." "Yes, of course. We won't talk yet." There was a long silence. Elizabet stroked tho thin hands, and tried to still tl beating of her own heart. "Have you bei wo:M'?" she asked at last. "Only -the fainting, dear-nothing else." "Weil, I have come now, and I'm going mind you and pet you. My own lilt -Mrs. Thorne clung lo her. "Elizabeth," .sh,, whispered, "if ii were not tor you. I could not live. You txVL> ^hiy vory liglil of my life." She hid lier face. ''Oh. my sisler! my sister!" she moaned, "yoii might span- me my one comfort, my one lillie own daughter." ''Shir is doing." »ho said. "She has sent me f.i you-for a time. Think of all the money, .Mrs. .Motlier; we couldn't spare that, and we can spare me. Now, come and rest a wee." Sh-; helped her hilo Hie next room ten- derly. Failing health had demanded a do wi stairs bedroom. "Are you going to marry Mr. MoselyV" asked her motlier, as she put her head on thc pillow. Elizabeth laughed. "Little match-maker!" she said. "(Jo to sleep, and forget matri- mony." "Ah! I know you will. And I'm glad-if you care for each other. But, oh. my dar- ling, that other poor boy. 1 cannot forget his face. Elizabeth, I could love him easily." Elizabeth kissed her quickly. Then she wrapped her up. and went away. She peeped through tho back window into tiie yard. Tho children were playing hap- pily'together. They were dirty, their clothes we're poor, and the yard was perhaps dingier and smaller than the ordinary run of back yards. But: they had minds above-or be- low-such things. Their capacity .for hap- piness was not limited by a paling fence. Tliey had a kite, a doll, and an old jam tin between them, and wore more than content. (To be continued.) 