British and fohei&n; men's. One engine-driver in the Midlands of England, in a journey of 104 miles and 'back, has, it is said, to watch 720 signalB, and sometimes his signal has to be picked oat from ten. A San Francisco woman wrote to Pade rewski's manager the other day, when the pianist waa in that city, asking what paderewski would charge fco play for five mimif.A!] n.f. nn nffmrmnn toa SVio m\\+ o IU1UUVUU Mil/ U-U UllUV^UV/ViU UVU- k/UU ft*'*' (41 reply saying that the charge would be £500. She thought this rather steep and wrote another note offering to pay .£200 , for five minutes of Paderewski's music. .She got no answer. An encouraging account of the position of the disestablished Protestant Church in Ire7and is given in the twenty-sixth report of the Representative Body, which was submitted to the General Synod recently. The voluntary subscriptions for church purposes during the past year ' amounted to over £176,000, showing an . increase of more than £30,000 upon those of 1891. The total of voluntary subscriptions since the disestablishment -. of the church has reached, in round figures, nearly £4,700,000. Tuneful seems the fit adjective to de Bcribe the perambulator just made by Messrs. Hitching and Wynn for the in fant heir of one of the native Indian Princes. The perambulator will play, as the wheels go round, all kinds of airs — lullabies when the infant wishes to go to Bleep, and martial strains when it is in a wakeful mood. The machine is, in shape, eirailar to the one supplied for Prince El ward or. York ; but', in accordance . with Oriental taste, tbe lining is more gorgeous, and the wheels and springs are gold-plattd. \- A curious feature of the exhibition that ' baa just been opened at Buda-Pesth is the fact that it will furnish an oppor ; tuuity to loving couples to be married free of cost. A town hall has been opened in the grounds, in which a marriage regi tar will be kept. Three times a -? irion'h any betrothed couple can be mar ried publicly. The commit toe incites them, with their friendf, for a week's feasting, and furnishes them with rooms, carriages, horses, and food. The idea is to give foreign visitors to the exhibition ?- an insight into marriage cuetoms of the country. The sum of £120 for a pack of cards seems a large one, especially when the pack ia incomplete ; but the ' Tarocchi di Mantegna' cards which fetched this sum at ths sale of ths late Lady Char: of e Schrieber are almost (sa^s the Globe) unique. They are arnonj* the most ancient examples of the early art of en graving in Italy, and only three sets of these cards are known to be in existence. One of the sets was sold in 1875 at Faris for 17,000 francs, and is now in the British Museum. Five cards were miss ing from Lady Charlotte Sehrieber's pack, and had been supplied by collotype prints from the originals. Some cynic baa computed that Jews are converted to Christianity at a cost of something over £1000 a head. However ? that may be, the statistics of the Moravian \- Brotherhood leave no room for sneering. The Moravians have flourishing missions in Africa and other benighted regions, ? and the tofal number on the registers of their mission stations is over 93,000. The expense, of which more than two thirds is raised in the mission fields, ia on'y £80,000. Divide the latter figure by tho former, and the average annual cost of each convert comes out at less than £1. Deduct the native contribu tions, and the cost runs down to 6s. 8d. A plan devised by the Hon. Gerald Hay, a midshipman in H.M. cruiser Orlando, the flagship of Rear-Admiral Cyprian Bridge, for facilitating observa tions of a ship's distance when steaming in squadron formation, is attracting some attention in naval circles at home. Ac cording to a London correspondent the plan adopted is to attach to the inner side of. the handle of a sextant a slip on which the height* ot the mastheads of the . ehipa in company, together with the angles for the number of cables mostly required, are noted. On removing the \: sextant from the eye after an observation the angle and the corresponding distance can be seen at once. '.,,-. M. Jeau do Roszke will shortly be 1 rharried to the Oomtesse de G-oulaiup, formerly Oomtesao da Mailly-Neele, to whom he hag been betrothed for s--von \- 'year a. The lady ob'ained a civil divorco Bome time ago ; but in Poland only tho yoice of the Church is recognised in. such matters, and the decision waa therefore ' ratified by the Pope on March 27. The Cointe3S6| according to the bridegroom elect, is a Venetian blonde, a pupil of Gounod, and, although Bhe does not con template a public career, is the best ama teur singer in Paris. She also translated Wagner's 'Tristan' and 'Siegfried'! into French. M. de Reszke has no in tention of quitting the stage. Some 200,000 children now attend Sunday-school in Sweden, and are taught by a staff of 15,000 teachers. Prince Oscar Bernadotte, the second son of the present King of Sweden and .Norway, has himself a Sunday-Bcbool for the chil dren of the higher classes. ' It is a plea sant sight,' writes a contributor to Sun day at Home, 'to see this Royal Prince standing at his desk in the schoolroom, and touching to hear him, in his own earnest, unaffected manner, explain the Word of God for his boys. The Prince's earnest, faithful talks leave a deep im pression also upon occasional grown-up visitors ; indeed, his whole life ia a bright testimony to the reality of his religion.' English Princes do nob favor the Sunday school. A new way to mine sulphur ia now being ueed, which lessens the cost of mining very materially, and brings up the valuable mineral in a state which renders its reduction into a commercial product much easier. Work is commenced by sinking a well, about 12ia. wide, down to the layer of sulphur ; a steel tube lOin. wide is lowered as the work progresses, and when the yellow mineral ia reached a second tube only 6^in. in diameter is lowered within the larger one. Hot water is then forced down into the annu lar spa e between the two tubes, and tha temperature of the water is kept up to at lea it 235deg. Fahr. At this temperature sulphur will be liquefied, and thus be pumped up at the rate of five t.ns of the mineral per hour A pretty little story relating to the treatment of one of the Italian prisoners in Aby sinia will recall, says the Echo, to all lovers of the classics the famous tale of tbe happy fate of those Athenian soldiers captured in t:,e Sicilian Expedi tion who were able to recite to thnr con querors moyi g passages from the p'ajs of Sopho les. Ib sec ms that among the Italian captives brought to the Court of the Euperor Mene'ik was a certain Albert Pia-i, who has a charming voice, and is acquainted Wi h all the Neapolitan songs. The young soldier's rendering of the famous '* Funiculi Fuaicula ' and ' Musica Proibita,' has brought him into such high favor with the Empress Taitu that Her Majesty treats the young Italian as an officer-, and loads him with presents. A large electric furnace, designed by Mr. Urbanitzky for the reduction of iron ores, is described and illustrated in the Zetsclirift fur Electrochemie. Thp author points out that an electric furnace is par ticu'arly a Ivantageous for the reduction of very pure iron, but that heretofore furnaces large enough for the action to be continuous and on a large scale had not been built. In this instance, the largo carbons enter the furnace from the top and are supported from a disk that can be revolved around a vertical axis. Five hundred horse-power produce about 2201b. of pure iroa ia 24 hours, requiring only one man The cost is about 10 cents a pound of fine steel, the power being ob tained from steam. This includes the necessary rolling machinery for working the eteel as well as all other expenses. A good story of Kioglake, the historian, is now making the rounds of the press, having been rescued from the pages of the Nouvelle Revue, where it was given by Madame de Novikoff, in her 'Souvenirs d'Angleterre ' Whin Kinglake was en gaged on his history of the Crimea, he re ceived a letter from a hubband and wife in one of the colonies, telling of the death of their son in the trenches, and asking that hia memory might bo perpetuated by mention in Kinglake's great book. Toe historian replied that he must have more derails before he could com; ly. As an swer came the following : — ' What details do you require ? He died on the spot like many others. We know nothing more, but anything you can invent on his account will be gladly accepted by ua. We rely entirely on your kindly imagi nation.' If a Japanese artist wishes to describe in color and design the anticipation of happiness, he draws a picture which is a combination of an April evening, a room, a nightingale, and a plum tree or two. Victory is symbolised by tho Iris, graca and quietness have the TviU.ow- troe and the swallow for symbol. Patriotism is sometimes indicated by a spray of cherry 11 Bsoms ; the almond flower is the flower of spring, and symbolises beauty. The dragon twines and writhes aa artistic course throuarh all Japanese art, root and branch. His name ia Tatsu, and when 3 ou see him pictured as fighting with a tiger it is the symbol of religion fighting against power. A dragon floating about in the clouds means success in life ; Tori, the cock, perched upon a drum, signifies good government. Both the Greeks and the Japs use the butterfly to symbolise immortality. President Kruger's mere ph* s:cal cour age and insensibility of nerves are extra ordinary — perfect in old age as ia youth. More than forty years ago he himself amputated the. thumb of his left band, injured in a gun explosion; and a few years ago, when suffering from toothache, he gave a proof of simi'ar hardihood. Some of the enlightened members of his family begged him to go to the dentist. But, after hearing what the charges of the tooth doctor would be, Kruger angrily rejected the suggestion. A night or two later the pain increased so that he could not sleep, whereupon he got up and prised the tooth out with Mb own clasp-knife, and went to sleep afterwards without more ado. A mighty hunter from his youth up — he has killed liona and buffalo with his own single- barrelled muzzle loader— the temper of his seventieth jear is that of his early manhood. Large quantities of China clay are used m Manchester, something like 50,000 to 60,000 tons being yearly con sumed, and other towns ia the district also take largo quantities. So much has the demand for the article grown that the China Clay Company, of Manchester and Cornwall, have msde arrangemants with the Ship Canal Company, by which they are now to rent one of the large ware hou*s on the banks of the Ship Canal. This, it ia expected, will be the means of workiog up a large trade, seeing that Manchester is to be made the central depot for dintributiag iato Lanca-hira towns. Tue tiade is carried on princi pally, so far aa the canal ia concerned? by schooners, and the time taken in towing up the caual has proved a considerable hind xaace to the traffic. In order, however, that greater discharging facilities may be afforded, a jetty is being constructed uear Trafford Wharf, eo that steamers from 500 to 600 tons will be able to unload. The special representative of the Ja panese Journal of Commerce, in an article on the trade prospec s of Japan for the year 1896, Bnows thato of the whole foreign trade for the first half of Jast year over 41 per cent, was with the British Empire, and over 22 per cent, with Great Britain. Of the imports only, the value of thoss obtained from Great Britain waa nearly 37 per cent, of the whole, and from the British Empire over 60 per cent. As indicating the eute'prising spirit now being manifested in commercial and in dustrial undertakings, it is pointed out that durir.g last year 85,000,000 yen were devoted to banking, commercial and rail way undertakings. The writer refers to t le fact that the good feeling which eet in last year ia Japan towards England continues and increases, while the people of Japan are thoroughly wakiug up to the superiority of British productions over those of other European markets, aid the prospects of Great Britain secur ing the chief share of the various large contracts about to bo placed by Japan are decidedly good. ' The church of St. Fauveur, one of the finest buildings of its kind in the town of Lille, and dating from the 14th century, and ftnother historical monument adjoin ing, known aa the Tour des Nobles — the last-named being the single remaining vestige of the old ramparts erected in 1402 — have been destroyed by fire. The outbreak occurred in the church steeple, and is attributed to the carelessness of Some workmen engaged in repairing the bells. Both church and tower were de stroyed, and the fire took firm hold of the St. Sauveur Hospital, in which there were 200 pa'ients. Most of the-e were carried to safety by soldi, rs and firemen, and tbe more able-bodied inma'es, many only half-dre3eed, made their escape to adjoining houses ; eight, however, died from shock. During tho removal an ex traordinary accident occurred. Some soldiers engagod iu conveying chemicals from the laboratory of tho hospital oponod a bottle of poisou, which they mistook for gin. Of ton who drank the liquid four died, and the other six are not expected to recover, ? ' It seems that Olandon, one of the seats of Lord Onslow, has for Boine time been haudti s3. At least, the inmates believed so, and investigations have been carried on with the view of 'laying' the appari tion. The BX-Governor of New Zealand has only recently entered into possession of the house himself, and in answer to a letter from Lord Bute, on behalf of a society of which he is vice-president, asking whether the investigation might be continued, says : ' While acknowledg ing the courtesy of the off^r, I would point out that with the departure of the tenants and their servants all opportunity of un masking impostures by crossexamin ation of the occupants of the house baa ceased ; and, moreover, I am determined not to allow any repetition of such non sense. I may add that the adult mem bers of my family sleep with loaded revolvers by their bedsidep, with which they will not hesitate to shoot at any ' ghost ' who seeks to play tricks on the m mbera of my household.' We {West minster) ventura to predict that the last of tbe Clandon ghost bas been seen. These ' perturbed spirits' have a horror of revolvers. . Prince Constantino Wiasemsky has just completed a journey lasting two years arid a half which has been not less interesting ? from a scientific point of view than fertile in incidents, for ha has been Toucd Asia ou horseback, covering a distance of 26,875 miles, visiting in turn Siberia, Mongolia,, the whole of Cnina from north, - to south and from east^o west, Tonking, Anam, Cochin China, ^oibodia, the Mois country, Siam, the Laos; Burmah, Mani pur, Assam, India, Kashmir, Thibet, Tur kestan, Bokkara, and Persia, returning to Russia by the Caucasus. In the eour.e of his travels he ^sTas attacked foiir times . by wild people and twics wounded in the shoulder and leg, whil \ but for a lucky escape from captivity, he would probably have been killed by a trib9 of Janatus in Thibet. After having been delayed by floods ia Siam, where he contracted mala rial fever, he nearly died from thirst ia the desert of Gobi, where all his horses perished, and he d.d part of the journey on other aaimala, riding oxen in Cam bodia, and doiag over 600; miles on ele phants in Siam, while in Thibet he bestrode the yaks, or mountain cattle, which travel where horses cannot go. When he could not get a horse he tra velled on foot, taking copious no:es upon the usages and dress of the natives, and visiting several Buddhist monasteries in India, where he claims to have discovered the 6ecret of the fakirs. Prince Wia eemsky had already riddan round tbe Mediterranean from France to Egypt and thence into Africa; and he dined with Gordon Pasha a few weeks before the captu-e of Khartoum. Prince Wiasom sky, who says that he lost all the twelve horees which he took out, is residing at Roue to recuperate his strength, as he id suffering very much from the fatigue of his last journey. A very singular case was heard by Commander W. C. II. Hastings, at the police court lately (says the Hongkong Daily Press). A woman was charged with drugging and robbing her buBband8 and a man was charged with assaulting the husband. On November 1, 1894, the cornplainr.nt wasdrugged inhis own house, and on being f^und by a friend waa taken to the police station in aninse sible con di ion. He was sent to the Government Civil Hospital, but he was ia such a ssrious condition that it waa seven days before he; obtained his discharge. He had told the police that a man had drugged him, and ong ing home after leaving the hospital he found that clothing, jewellery and a madiciae box, altogether of the value of 216dol., had been stolen frc in his house. Worse still, his wife bad bolted with the man who had robbed and drugged him. The police made inquiries, but could not discover the whereabouts of either the man or woman It was not until recently that au arrest was made, and tbis was under rather curious circumstances. The complainant met his long-lost wife in Fuk Tsung Hung, and he at once went up to her and questioned her. Just then a man came up and asked the complainant what he meaut by talking tQ the woman. The complainant said the woman was his wife. The woman stoutly denied the allegation, and her friend thereupon struck the com p'ainant on the hend. Fortunately tbe polico. put in an appearance, and the man and woman were taken to the station, the former being charged with assault and the latter with drugging a? d robbing her husband. The case against the woman was not concluded. Tho maa was fined 5 do'), for the assault, 