FROM SETTLE TO. SOFA. Tlie settle (says Mr. Baring Gould) is an article of furniture that is now only seen in farmhouses ; it is a bench with a back to it to cut off draughts from behind, and some times with a canopy over it to cut off the down draught unpleasant to bald heads. Some settles that I have seen combine more features than these. The upper portion, serving as a canopy, consists of small closed apartments in which the tea and sugar are kept, out of the reach of the children. Then the back is also occasionally made deep, and guarded with doors, and converted into a cupboard, in which the bacon is hung. Then the seat is raised and discloses a coffer, in which the baby is put, where it is safe whilst the mother is engaged at the fire-quite safe -unless the lid were to fall, and there is a button at the back to prevent this from happening. What gossiping has gone on upon those settles in farmhouses! What flirtations! What wonderful ghost stories have been told on them, and what-no, j there is one thing cannot be done on them, and that is, hold a heated and a«gry argu ment, for you are side by side and cannot be opposed to one another. A settle provokes demonstration of affection, and is incom patible with altercations. The sofa is, of course, the settle under modern circum stances. We ltave no longer draughts in our rooms to chill the spinal marrow j ust below where our head of hair ends on the neck, so the back of the settle was reduced. And then a desire for more comfort arose, not because in past generations men and women worked harder, but because they worked less, and became dainty in the matter of comfort. 1 THU PARTING OF THE WAYS.-We have I stood at the cross roads and have had to de- : cide to make up our mind. No longer ! might we shelve the questions that had j pressed on us, and which we lmd vainly j tried to forget. No longer could we halt between two opinions, putting off the evil j day of decision,, which, perhaps, meant aj catting off of the hand and a plucking out. of the eye. And now forced to a stand, forced to decide, we find the parting of the Vays has j made us stronger, men and woiueii'aud more i decided characters: Wc are compelled i to Iw rn adaptability from the now path which has suddenly come into our life. . We had grown accustomed to'those wc lived among and worked with, and we had rubbed o'i'one another's angles. ? Now, in the fresh j oad, we have to mould ourselves again to new conditions, and adapt ourselves to the good folks, 'who are always contrary. Neither easy nor pleasant is the plunge into untried ways, and the stones cut into old shoes. Yet, looking back, who of us would have it C therwise ? Who but must own that the change has taught us a less slipshod walk and a greater readiness and promptitude' to meet whatever is in store / 