THE TURF. The Broken Hiil Jockey Club have issued an attractive bill for their Spring meeting on Monday, November 9, the card including a Maiden Race value 15 sovs., Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., Prince of. Wales Handicap 50 sovs., Birthday Handicap 30 sovs., Welter Handicap 25 sovs.,_ and Forced Handicap of 15 sovs. Nominations for the principal events close with Mr. J. Souter, secretary, on October 20, at S p.m., and weights will be declared on October The Ghost broke his bridle while he was tied up at the Parkside Hotel on Monday and had not been found late in the evening. Anyone finding this erratic customer would be re warded by talcing him to the Lord Raglan Hotel. Owners and trainers who intend taking part in the Moonta races will bear in mind that nominations close on Thursday, October S, at 8 p.m., with Mr. James Liddell, lion, secretary. On Thursday evening W. Pilling will play W. E. Stephenson a match of 500 up at the Land of Promise Hotel, Hindmarsh. Mr. S. Hordern has sent Cravat, Armenia, and the Metropolitan winner {The Skipper) to represent him at Plemington. The latter carries penalties of 14 lb. in the Caulfield, and 10 lb. in the Melbourne Cup, making his weight 9 st. 4 lb. and 8 St. 10 lb. respectively. Port has been withdrawn from his Spring engagements through one of his legs filling, and he is not likely to race again for some time. Good Shot, the winner of tho Two-year-old Handicap at Plemington on Saturday, was bred by Mr. D. H. Hill, at Lindenow, and was sold as a yearling for 35 guineas. Though smaller, Yashmak is a very neat filly. She is daughter of the imported Isonomy horse, Pilgrim's Progress. Both Good Shot and Yashmak, as well as Toxic, who ran third, are in tho Maribyrnong Plate. Another jockey victim to racecourse acci dents was on Sunday added to the long list, William English, with whom Regalia fell in the Brush Hurdle Handicap at Canterbury Park races on the previous day (remarks the Sydney Telegraph) succumbing to his injuries in the Western Suburbs Hospital. At one time English was in the front rank of his pro fession, and won tho Melbourne Cup on Arsenal. Subsequently he was rather un lucky, and of late days has been riding at pony and galloway meetings. The unfortunate fellow was not a stranger to falls, and it is believed that at the time of receiving the fatal injuries referred to he had in his head a plate which a former accident had rendered neces sary. The Waverley jockey, H. Moran, is said to have been retained to ride Right Honorable in his Caulfield and Melbourne Cups engage ments. The Now Zealand-bred Oseulator has been put into work again at,Rand wick. Amohg the regulars at work on Saturday, says the Telegraph, were Sabretache, Tridentate, Armenia, Cravat, The Skipper, Charge, and Llena, and that collection were treated to strong gallops, left-handed. Mr. H. Oxen ham's colors will be represented during the coming Victorian racing campaign, the levia than bettor having decided to send Sy'erla, Loch Isle, and Windfall over the border on Wednesday or Thursday evening next. There are also yet to go Llena and the A. J.C. Derby winner Charge, who is in the V.R.C. Derby and in the Melbourne Cup. Consequent on his Randwick succesj Charge's Cup weight is raised from 6 st. 12 lb. to 7 st. 6 lb. Sabre tache, Tridentate, Patriot, and perhaps Car tridge are also likely to cross the border. The jockey John Anwin will, ic is said, be entrusted with the responsible duty of riding Newhaven in the V.R.C. Derby and Mel bourne Cup. _ It was H. J. Gardiner who rode that colt in his Randwick engagements. At the recent spring meeting of the Tas manian Racing Club at Hobart, the book makers stood out on strike, and the club instituted a "blind" totalizator, which it is said worked satisfactorily. Damien, who won the principal flat race at Flemington on Saturday—the Melton Handi cap, one mile and a quarter—is a four-year-old bay gelding, by OS Color—The Nun, and is trained privately at Queenscliff, where Hop scotch will finish his preparation. He is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 7 st. 6 lb., and in the Melbourne'Cup at 7 st. 4 lb. Prior to Saturday his only Victory was at Camperdown last January, when he won the Maiden Plate, one mile. In the autumn lie went over to Sydney, and was heavily backed for the Sydney Cup, won by Wallace. He carried 6 st. 13 lb. but ran nowhere, although he led into the straight. He has since improved a great deal in appearance (says the Age), and should he be fancied by his astute connections he should be hard to beat during tli;e spring campaign. The success which the Padlock stock have gained this season has induced Mr. S. Miller to send nine mares to him at Corowa. The list includes Irma, full sister to Fortassi, by Neckersgat—Perhaps; Aphra, by Bras-de-fer; No. 8, by The Hook; and Ruska, by Enfilade —Rustle, a daughter of Frou Frou. Although the date of the first races for two-year-olds has been put back two months it is evident Mr. Miller still cherishes hopes of continuing to win the early prizes with precocious youngsters of the Meg and Raak stamp. As giving some idea of the enormous amount of work the most fashionable jockeys in England are called upon to do, it may be stated that between March 23 and August 21 last F, Alsopp rode in 516 races, T. Loates in 443, and M. Cannon in 438, and they won 66, 119, and 111 races respectively. These figures will also serve to show the princely incomes some members of that profession must be in receipt of. Though the last Great Ebor Handicap Plate at York was worth 925 sovs., it attracted but four runners, and Dingle Day (7 st. 9 lb.) and Posterity (7 st. 6 lb.) ran a dead heat. The latter was favorite in the run off, but was beaten. _ Dingle Day, who is owned by Lord Derby, is by Minting from Dingle, by Glen dale from Angelica (dam of Orme), and his victory should be pleasing to Mr, S. Hordern, for one of that gentleman's recent importations, the two- year-old filly by Prince Rudolph, is a granddaughter of Agelica. Tho owners of Emmalea are reported to have refused an offer of 1,000 guineas for the V.R.C. Grand National winner. It is said to have been made by Mrs. Langtry, the pur chaser of Maluma. The will of the late English trainer, Mr. William Goater, was recently proved at £6,65313s. 2d. The Australian-bred Norbet was sold a few weeks ago at Colombo for Rs. 1,050. It is only a year since that he brought between Rs. 8, 000 and 111, 000. It is not surprising to learn from a San Francisco paper that the new woman has broken out in a fresh place, and, leaving the bike and bifurcated garments behind, has adopted the role of the Amazon of old and now wants to enter the pugilistic arena. Our _ 'Frisco contemporary writes:—Miss Lancing Rowan,- the young woman of Cali fornia, who has challenged Corbett to meet her in a scientific sparring contest, and whose father killed himself as soon as he heard of the matter, is not, as you might imagine, a brawny woman, of pugilistio appearance. She is,' on the contrary, a rose-cheeked lnag with a sweet voice and a very girlish manner. She took to athletic exercise in the begin ning merely for the sake of health, but became so fond of it that even after she had built up a strong physique she devoted herself assiduously to some of the arduous forms of physical exercise. She began her athletic career at Mrs. Reed's private school in this city, a fashionable boardinghouse, ■ where gymnastics form an important part of the curriculum. From New York she went as an invalid to her uncle in Los Angeles, and here she took to boxing, bag punching, and hand ball playing. Five years_ ago she went on the stage, and her daily exercise* stood her in good stead, for, in spite of the fatiguing work she was called upon to do, she retained her blooming complexion and her clear eyes. She told no one of her intention to challenge the champion 'until she had carefully trained her self for the encounter. Her announcement j came to her friends like a thunderbolt out of a , clear sky. "I am quite in earnest in my challenge," she said. "I know it sounds dreadful, but I don't look at the matter in that way. I have made a scientific study of boxing and I feel convinced that I can meet Mr. Corbett upon an equal footing. All I want is sufficient notice, and then I will meet him anywhere he likes. Of course I do not want to fight him. I simply want to spar tor points. Of course I know that if he struck me one clear blow it would be a complete knock-out. I have been training now for nearly a year. I take exercise in my room and walk to the park every day. Early every morning I ride, to the beach, ahd when I find it deserted I take a little run. I find that I get more exercise out of 10 minutes' run on the sand than I could get in half an hour on firmer ground. I bavo met several professional boxers, and have stood up before them for five or six rounds. "When I box I wear a sweater and bloomers made of a dark cloth and per fectly plain. I cannot tell you how anxious I am to put on the gloves with Corbett. His-, work, I know, is thoroughly scientific, and that is why I want to box with him." Tho death of her father has not changed Miss Rowan's determination. Her challenge has been conveyed to Corbett and- has thrown him into no little embarrassment. "It's the* strangest proposition I ever received," he said, "and I haven't yet decided what to do about it. If I decline her challenge the companion ship goes to her by default. If I accept it and become at all interested in the contest I would be terribly afraid of hurting her." The programme of the Gawler Jockey Club's meeting on the Prince of Wales's birthday will be found in our advertising columns thi3 morning, and it will be seen that it has been shaped on very liberal lines, the committee having made an increase of £80 in the value of stakes on last year, and they now offer for the Handicap Hurdles 75 sovs., Flying Handicap 00 sovs., Prince of Wales Handicap 125 sovs., Steeple chase 120 sovs. Welter Handicap 60 sovs., and Evanston Handicap 60 sovs. These stakes should induce large entries and a good meet ing, and nominations may be made with the secretary (Mr. G. Buckingham) up till 6 p.m. on Tuesday, October 13, or with Mr. Deeney, at the Criterion Hotel, Adelaide, up till 8 p:m. on the same evening. Weights will appear on Tuesday, October 20. 