. DR. J. H. ROBINBON.] CHAPTER X.-Continued. Eugenia drew, her shawl closer, livered a little, and pressed her white eeth upon her lip. The sound of his oice ebbed and flowed, rose and fell, s he walked toward or from her. he watched them till they parted at he farthest limit of the garden, with urmured. words amid the shrubbery. rsula glided back to the house, and, resently Eugenia traversed the same alk like a shadow. In a moment she as in her room ahd in her chair; alm, quiet, pale. She lighted a lamp, pened the silver casket, looked eamily at its contents. A beautiful anary bird hung in a gilded cage ver the window; it was sleeping, ith its tiny bill thrust prettily under ts wing. She took down the cage, pened the door, waked the innocent leeper, which shook itself and looked at her cunningly with its right eyes. Eugenia put out a white nger, and it hopped down upon it om his perch. She held it up to her ,ce; it pecked coquettishly at her ps, ruffled playfully the feathers pon his neck, and laid its small head against her cheek. Taking one of the 'smallest vials from the casket, she carefully removed the glass stopper, and held it under the bird. A scarcely perceptible white vapour arose; the bird fluttered-gasped-a film gath ered over its eyes-it reeled, ad fell dead into her lap. She put it back into the cage with a sigh, ocked the silver box, mused a while, nd sought her pillow. The next day, Monsieur Lavigne ad the politeness to call at Montreuil's to inquire if Madame Vancourt had ecovered from the shock which her herves had received the previous even g. That lady expected him, and met him with much stateliness. She was alone, and, therefore, at liberty to ot as she pleased. Terence had now n opportunity of observing her figure and expression. That her face was classical and her form Ionic, he was not long in discovering. He no iced the hand flashing with diamonds; the arm; the droop ing shoulders; the small neck; the faultless head. Her mouth was expressive of firmness, remind ing him of Bertoli's. In stature, she 1was quite tall, which peculiarity, ad !ded to natural haughtiness and pride, gave majesty and dignity to her movements. ' I hope,' said Terence, in a voice which it would have been difficult to decide whether it was ironical or earnest,' that your nerves are quite estored this morning, madam.' ' We are alone, sir. There is no oeed of useless words,' she answered; Adtlwh aded, abruptly, ' You have seen her.' ' I have seen an angel,' Madame 'Vancourt!' responded Terence, with eýnthusiasm. 'Desiree is not an angel; she is a woman. Angels have no specific ;gravity; women have. You will find them of the earth, earthy,' replied Eu genia. ' You are severely practical. You slander yourself when you depreciate athe celestial charms of woman.' Eugenia smiled and bowed. I' I should have thought that pretty fat fifteen, but now it excites a different feeling. Remember, Monsieur Lavigne, that you are not to play your batteries upon me. Monsieur Howden would scarcely reward you for making a con quest of poor Madame Vancourt. But this Desiree ?' ' I cannot speak enough in praise of her beauty. She has blinded me with the glory of her eyes!' said Terence. 'Oh, you are quite an idolater,' re spnded madam, frigidly. !You have named me rightly. I 7onfess that I fall down before her ;hat I worship her-that I am in the dust at her feet!' exclaimed Terence, with earnestness. t The young lady is fortunate in making such a conquest,' rejoined Eugenia, contemptuously. 'Last night was the commencement of a story of true love. How many chap ters will there be, Monsieur Lavigne?' 'Heaven only knows!' exclaimed the young man. 'There certainly eems to be a very great distance be weeai us.' 'Not so very great; here she comes. I is not the footfall of an angel that ou hear-angels come and go without sound.' Desiree came in, and though sur rised at seeing Terence, was not con used. She greeted him with inimit able grace, while he, though outwardly ",alm, was the subject of innumerable ( inward trepidations. He wished to see nothing but her-to remain silent $ tha, she might speak. In the ;tervor of his youthful blood he be lieved that he should be happy forever in being near her-that her nearness would fill him with rapture, like the presence of a heavenly visitant. He went to his hotel, less himself, U and more on fire with the eyes of Desiree. Someone addressed him as he was entering ; it was Bernhard. SI 'The master wishes to see you. Be at the gate of the House of Silence soon after dark,' he said. ' The master?' repeated Terence, quickly. ' Bertoli,' returned Bernhard. 'I Sshould have said so at first.' ' You call him master?' added `'Terence, inquiringly. 'I do his bidding,' answered Bern hard. Terence looked at him and seemed ,in doubt. ' You can tell me nothing concesrn ing him, I suppose? You have no :'inclination to speak of him plainly ?' he said, with some hesitation. ' What do you wish to know? .44 What is it that I shall speak of ? he asked, with some hesitation. 'His character,, his purpose, his power.' Terence regarded Bernhard, searchingly. 'Oharacter, purpose, power,' he re peated, musingly. 'Of these you shall yourself judge. His cha racter you should see in his face; his purpose is for himself alone, not for another; his power-' he paused a moment-' is something to be felt, not to be talked of. Do not form an opinion until you know him better.' 'He seems a man of mystery,' Terence added. ' Mysteries,' answered Bernhard, significantly, ' are best let alone. It is always safest for one to attend to his own affairs, and do no more for others than what he agrees to. Ex pect not a reason for everything that you are bidden to do. Obeyl blindly, and anticipate your reward only.' ' Is it thus you counsel me ? You, doubtless, are one of the blind ones, grovelling, groping about in darkness, in abject and passive obedience to a person you cannot comprehend,' re sponded Terence, coldly. ' I said not that I do not compre hend. It is true I yield obedience, but I have not told you to what end. I have nothing to reveal-my tongue is mute. The tongue is a small mem ber, but sometimes imprudently it speaketh great things; it were better, safer, silent.' Bernhard spoke in a voice that was full of meaning. Its subdued, concentrated tones were not lost upon Terence. ' I will question no more. I will be at the House of Silence at the time you named,' he said. ' Have a care, be circumspect; there is an eye that sees you, a hand that is over you. Farewell !' With his bearded chin bowed upon his breast, Bernhard moved slowly and thought fully away, leaving Terence per plexed, mystified, impressed. CHAPTER XI. 'I received your note,' said Eugenia, and am here. You spoke of a coffer -a treasure ?' 'You shall know all,' returned Howden, ' if you will accompany me to yonder solitary house.' ' But why there ?' she asked. 'I have an innate dread of the place. It is rumoured that it ishaunted, and ghosts are at best but ugly and uncomfortable things.' ' I theught you were free from the weakness of superstition, but I see that you share the prevailing timidity of your sex. There is nothing there to harm you, and this darkness will pre vent us from being seen entering,' Howden replied. ' It has been uninhabited for many years I have heard, and I confess I never look at it without awe. Monsieur Lavigne'sangel, Desiree, has a kindred feeling, although perhaps it partakes more of curiosity.' Madame Vancourt took Howden's arm; the two crossed Annunciation square, and presently stood at the gate of the mysterious house. ' Singularly enough,' said Howden, ' on the first night of my coming here, I found both gate and door unbolted. To make everything safe and sound, I have had keys made to fit the locks and can go in and out at pleasure.' ' I am sorry you came here, Jules; it is ominous; I shiver !' ' What is this ?' exclaimed Howden. 'I looked this gate with my own hands, but the bolt has been turned I push it open without the aid of a key!' ' The work of a discontented ghost!' said Eugenia, mockingly. She paused, and drew back. 'Am I to enter this dismal place withlyou alone ? I half doubt your purpose, Jules Howden.' ' Fear not, my friend,' he answered in tones slightly sneering. 'Our faithful co-operator, Otto Stein, will soon be here. 'Which fact will add little to my security!' returned the lady, with affected playfulness. ' Proceed - I will trust you. In fact, you dare not-' ' My dear Eugenia, this is uncalled for! You know you are indispen sable; that I need you-that I should fail without you-that-that in short, I love you !' ' Lead the way, and do not perjure yourself,' retorted Eugenia, in a voice scornful and impatient. 'You are in a strange mood to. night. You were not wont to speak so imperatively to Jules Howden. But here we are at the door of the en chanted house. I will try the bolt it is turned; your discontented ghost has performed the same office here. We enter; we pass the portals of the weird castle. Eugenia, you tremble.' (To be Continued) 