Z? -3= ? ; - eCsEchoesof Parliament* . 4 OrrToesday there was another cnt off the -laJpflKn .the joint is gettting somewhat «tt«reatodTrottaere ue a few more feed-t left. MrjDkskwn opened the resumption of the deHSS'ih* a thoroughly 'characteristic speech. Tbefollowing sentence! are example j. ?'Thore- ' tatti^jSa the experience' of the' past we may r I?5^?1? two positions uf primary importance. den&ratUemeTrt;^haMbo productive powers atthe.couatrj-.inay bo -more largely developed wcA improvmenU may be effected, bo that the demand foTrtaimr may be cuntinnotH ; and the aaeoqd point ia-thit the territorial estate onght to-«s&t;^«is-««''-ralna})lo contributory to the Xreastuy to relieve it Jrom embarrassment. 1 AtSiiot'tainlc those to cardinal points are ncces «irfly antagonistic I think legislation and administration cau procce.t on snch lines as will effect » gradual co-operation between tbe two, that we might steer between Scylla and Charyodis, that 'wo mayaroid the Scjllan mek nf- fficmtrAffAmanh tn fho -a»lpf*fnr. Anil at the ' same time avoid engnlphmj* onr Larqne in the Charybdean rortex of financial embarrassment of the Treasury.' There i« nothing in particular rnwhit Mr. Dickson aid and still ie^ in the speech ef bis sucrcswr, Mr KoorIi. Mr Story who is among the most promising of tbe new members made the speech of the evening, and at twenty minutes to twelve the debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr. Belt. Wodnesday commenced with petitions. Mr Dawfon presented one from certain business people of Charters Toners represents that advantage would accrue to Bowen, Charters Towera, the, tJardekin Delta and the Western Districts by the extension of the Bowen Pail way so as to conjunction with tho Northern, line at or near the 37 milo peg Mr. RH Smith had petitions of a similar import from the Bowen Jfonrapality and the Wan^-ntta Divisional Board. ' ? ? '« « . ? . ? When the Australasian Federation Enabling Bill came down from the other place it wjs discovered that the ellerly councillors had been \- anxious to h»ve a say in elozting represent ative to attend the Federal Uonvention, and that they had inserted clauses to R:ve effect In tneir views, inis was a very lauiame oeiire bntdid no', fall in with the views of the Premier or of the Assembly, ani the amen I - menu were accordingly rejected without . division. When the matter came before the Council on Wednesday, they re» lived to insist on thnir amendments.^ - One of the reasons they wished to give 'wa3 because 1Kb measure *w s not in accord with the decisions armed at in the Conferenco of Premiers in Hobart. Con sidering that the proceedings at the Conference were held wit'i clewed, door.i and that: ihe premier present were pledged to secrecy there were fatal objections to thU reason. ^ Hut the principal reavin that they did give viz.. ?* (3) The main principle of the Enabling Bill—the election of the 'Convention by the electors of Hie Ce^slatiTe ': Assembly —pa«ed by the several Parliaments of the other Colonie - is not embodied in tbe Bill now before this HuU.se.'' \- is really no reason at all why the Council should have a say. It wonldhave been a rea- son for throwing out the Bill on- the ieconil loid ing, but it was one for insisting on the ? reten tion of the amondemnti It was the rcaa™ of the opposStirii.. for opposing, the Bjjliri^lhe As«mbly and tho Cjuncil were merely playing their game. It was tantamount to the defeat of the Government in the Upper House and the f remfer took the matter ve-y serioa-dy. ' Wuen the 'message came down from the Council the last thin; on ' «'e Jneslay nigbtr he omitted to move the usual motion to the effect- that the message be taken into consideration ;»t a certain date. ' ? ?---'-?— '?-'? ~*~ ''.? ??** It was generally known that the I'remie r considered the action of tiie Council as one of extreme gravity and interest in the matter . was inei eased when it *« understood that on thefollowing morning he bad been closeted with the Governor for a long time. A Cabinet meeting was held early in the afternoon and their furtnre action was decided upon. When the House met in the afternoon the Premier intimated that^it *ren o'clock he would miio that the. Council's message bn taken intocun sderatiun. This seemed inevitable as it waa quite .competent for any member of the Hnn.-*e ' -. * to.nwve t-uch a^motion, and had une of the Oppoafim deneii-o the bu^ineis of the Gorer mcDl. would have b?en taken nut of the hands oljthe J'remier. ' Seven o'clock-came and the Premier moved the Speaker out of the chair in tbe.iuual form. . Mr MacDonald objected that no notice ha-i been given and the Przmier was vtlHing to.withuraw his motion. This was not wsat the member for Flinders wanted, iudeed \- hejdid to know what he wanted except to talk omtbe .subject. Finally after a discussion which, lasted about three hoars a resolution, was passed disagreeing with the Council: anil there the incident remains until next week. It 'is noteworthy thafon the nnbject thes opposition were divided eleven labor members and Mr Drake and Mr Dickson forming the minority vote. ? . * * ? * Twice during the week Port Newry hns been in evidence. On Tuesday Mr Drake asked thcroUoiring question. Have any negotiations of any tort taken place ?vith the Government wi&« : view to leasing any of the islands at Port Jfewry to anyone ; anil, if 90, what is tbe natural i\f mni*h ntumtial *m\\* ?. Xnt\~ .Itwiwtul aa-.^a. .answer, .a special-: lease (No, -505) has. been issued to 'Acheaon Orerend for \- . ftaosoleam IstiMid, exclusive of tltree acres fur alightbotue reserve.' 'Babbit ixland wtu- held Uader occnjialkiti lieeuae 'uy Samoel Finlar, tiut was UWeltod j/amfreopened to occupation license uvlS&l.;' It. bas not since been ap plied tor. Application waa mode bv R. Gray 9offa£in Qecmber J8gi,-'for the rp-rinffof ijabbit Iiland urgrazingfarm election, but the application wan declined. ! -Vheu the vote'for i'riaoin was bcfjre tho Commitee on WedoesdAy onr old acquaintance -Scbnieder came in for a good deal of criticism at the bandj of the member for Maranna. Some warder who Mr King described as a personal friend of his own bad been dismissed a* il was supposed at the instigation of Shhnjpde.r. Tie Home Sflcrolary defended Mr Bchpipdor bat udmi'.tod that oa uno occasion he had negluctcd to *x that tho elects uf n prisoner were all handed to him when he left the gaol. He bad. left the matter to 0110 of his warden. For tills trivial offunco Scbnieder lost the promotion to tlic charge uf b'U-wart's Creek Uaol which promotion would havo carried \- o|i incruase of £100 a year, 80 far from fciibnejdtn -tyia^ t»rtk:pfsrlj favored -hj the HdmiHSecretary It appeared to onprejiidiced I^ejnber* (hat he liad.ueea rather hardly dealt with. - ! ????.' ? .? ? ' Mr Tarley diverted the attention of the CSommiUse to tbe crimes committed by Poly a »acs and quoted au Alderman of Mackay HoDJcrati Council who hod said that be was «f raid to go fishing without firearms for fear -j ' jr'qn^fl', Mr Palryniple said it was most lamentable t lat human beiugs would commit crimes, and tat colored people were uotfruo from that japtorUinito prpueji.ity The hon member had Rioted figure! to' show that one in HI of I lie white population of tbe colony was in prison While oov in thirty-eight of the colored popula tion yfs in gadlf but the hoas. membor had \- -y«riooted tbe fact tliat on an average one in five Of the population was an adult male; and ? Aft Terj tew women or children were in gaol ; '?~ .—- . „. ?!,_ ^L« lian/1 tint fntnwi nnnnTarlrm (pbstitai. etcosiiely of adult males He did 3pt arrive At the conclas;on from the figures iligtedty the hon snpfnbar (hot fju- colored ~ ijpwlation was'eoj mare criminal than the Sjjite ippnlation Miking the allowance be ihA-rtttind *Oj ite £{ua would run out like tlus—tbAt then would be one in prison to 142 el tie «oj»re4 feeppJ^W ^N'1*?* au- io lil ' of ibe white popvUtiaa The cnmluality was itorton? about ibe aaweip Oftch case When \- --.- the? ffjuembewd that th» culoi'ed mm hod not hid the advantage* of «dncatioo and of tbe . tbop^myt litmus * '» *p«««^»* hon members on the other side, the rmsll pro- ' portion of colored people who committed crime was*., really astonishing . The hon member apprehended an imaginary dangcf He had known people go about arme.l with a r flo and revolver in order to dofend themselves against aboriginals when there was not one within 100 miles of them; he had also known people go about armed against ghosts but it did not follow from that thnt their apprehwisions were instified The bon member might take comfort from this fact— that there were only nbout six murders committed in the year while [hero were about sixty suicides showing thai really human beings were vastly mure dangerous to themselves than toother people ? * : ? „?*? ?'; ♦ Again on Fphursday when Mr. Cbataway's motion fora reward for the discovery' of the Pioneer Hiver and Port Mackay Ivan being de liateJ e-nie ; member made merry over the ? tendencies 01 me river ana t,*uu inau .ix Air. Mackay haiUfonnd- Port ? Xewry there would have bee** mme -n i=e in asking for cbmpen ?=»tion but that as it was he hail' only founds sanillied — with - liquid intervals — paid one member. - * . .''. The claims of Captain Mackay Io s«mo re wanl Tdr'fiis'exjil.iratibns mu'st now be con sideied finally nettled. A new generation has riaen whicli neither understands or caies to Mnderstanrt tile' hardships gone through by. the early adventurers Indeed to many of tho mem bers* in the House the history of Queensland previous to the date of a few yeare back when they landed is rap-re xnted by a- blank. The Kriabane -'Telegraph,' reporting the discussion says:— ?? . : . The. first bosin:»? of the day was the submis sion of Chataway's motion for the grant of an area of land to Mr. John Mackay. as a reward fur his discovery of the Pioneer ISiver und the Port of Mnckay. Chstuway was in every way a fit champion* of the claimant, hut especially fit because a representative uf tho thriving settlement which has; arisen on the area of country which Mackay dUoverod so many years ago. . . ,de fez lorcn in Driei me nisr4jry 01 tuo ciaim aei pleaded fur its justice. Other discoverers had been rewarded and there is in the lawa of ' tne-countryV specific and continuing provision fir the reward of thieo whodiscoverod a paying goldfeld, and. surely to reward a man who- dis covers and opens up a district and rirer such as those name 1 in tho motion deservc-t some ?substantial recognition of the serviced he has rendcreii thecouitry. CHntaway reminded the House that a resolution conferring the gift of Und had' beer, passed in 1SS2. and that when in 1887 a motion was move. j forgiving effect to that' motion it was lost by one vote When the Speaker, after a pause, was putting the question Dumsford came to tho lescuo and taunted the Ministry for silence, but Fox ton, wlij next rose, assured Durnsford that he had his eye on the Speaker and wonld have risen if Durnsford had not forestalled him. Foxton litotej that no unfficient .reason Iiad been alvancel for accepting the motion and: that he should oppose it Bis principal plea being that if this proposal were carried the Tarl'a uicht . would probably have a crop of. other applications for reward by discoverers of other districts and rivers, but he', was reminded by M'Master that although 11 years had passed since the passing of the resolution. for a gift by way of rewa-d, and nine jeari since the last discussion of the question, no other similar applicaton had been male by any other person. After- Foxton bad delivered himself tho delate whs carried en by about a dozen o'her mem bers, of whom eightO|i]-osedand fonr supported the' motiui-u M'MaBter in support' was the* fullest defence of the motion. He put the his tory of the claim fnlly befoxe'the Housd and combated the chief contentions of those who opposed the grant : Byrtles' was the. tallest in oppposUion althcugh a good deal of his speech was of the light raniery style. ?nme of tho'fpeakers held that Mackay had slept on his claim by allowing 20 years to pass before this pressing of it. But Cbataway whe.; replying showed that two years after the discovery Mackay interviewed Governor Bowen whp aspired him that when the place became impor»nt his claim wouM be recognized. A few years later Mackny applied for the fnlfil ment of the assurance, and in 1882 the House passed the resolution for a gift. It seems then clear that the claim has not been allowed to sleep, and it seems equally, clear that previous promises have been broken. A division was taken at .s 30, and reulted in 33 votes against and 15 for the motion. 