Mail Hews. ? Albany (W. A.). Wednesday.— The fol lowing items are from the latest English files by the P. and O. R.M.S. Ballaarat : . Considerable interest was ^evinced by the fruit buyers of Thomas-screet in the sale on September 30 of a large consign ment of Australian oranges sent to thia menb of New South Wales, baould the experiment be a success one may be able to enjoy a favorite fruit all the year round, aa orange3 from the antipodes can come at a time when the English orange market is empty,_ from the middle of August to the middle of October. During the last month or so small consignments of Australian fruits have been placed on the market and have realised excellent prices, but that now sold, representing 1740 boxes, is the largest yeb received. According to expert opinion the quality was very good and the condition excellent. Every effort had been made to forward the orang63 without risk of damage or deterioration and from the time they left the hands of the Board of Export till they were received in this country by the Agent- General, the fruit has been kept aa far as. possible in equal temperature. The question of temperature is one of the greatest difficulties met with in shipping fruit, and it is noticeable in the present consignment that the contents of a few boxes not specially stored in tho cool chamber, but packed away as ordinary cargo, have suffered severely, being stale. ?- The Home Nb'Ws, in commenting on the Armenian question, says : — ' In their anxiety to induce Lord Salisbury to' move, the Armenian propagandists in this country are almost prepared to deny facts. Canon M'Colf, who think3 he knows so much more about: Russia ihaa ? - conveyed hia meaning in language which Lord ^osebery says is perfectly clear to anyone conversant with diplomacy. Rus Kia will notraise a finger .in the interest of the Armenian,, because it suits her policy, both with regard to peace and_ to her otti) aggrandisement.to play a waiting game. But Russia, though unwilling to niove herself, is firm in her resolva to ? allow no one else to; do to;-. ** *£™* been able to hypnotise- notonly^nce \- .but Germany -and Austria, The key -ot the- position is in' her Keeping. -»?- George Hamilton it no doubt r.ght when Sy8-rresr°«n^ ?ir^e^frdep^°= ™hen the' Sick :Man' of -Europe- shall ?- aive up the ghost is to serve the ends she has in view. The day has not yet dawned ?- when Great Britain could regard Ruesia s ' taking of Constantinople with indifference, but opinion has been so modified on, the Bubiect that that event would probably only occasion a passing qualm. Such a development would render tbe_retention of Cyprus, and perhaps of .- Egypt;, a necessity to the British security, butitha best security of all, and consequently the surest guarantee of peace, would; be_an An?lo-Russian rapprochement. Xbe difficulty is that however clearly \ihe Governments of the two countries may understand each other,, the press and Ithe people can't rise superior to a long stand in^ mistrust. RussU probably to-day entertains no thought of taking India. The new navigable channel in the t\ ? ii ? ....t«.«iaii. tVirniioh the '? Iron Gites, nearOrsova, was opened on bun day by the Emperor Francis .'oseph, who traversed its entire length in company with King Charles of Iloumania and King Alexander of Servia. The passage was the merest ceremony, since the approaches to the canal on either side are not yet cut out from the rock to allow entrance or exit at low water. The formal opening took place amid a scene of great enthusiasm After the ceremony the Emperor entertained the kings at dinner at Herculesbad. The Empetor of Austria has since accompanied King Charles on a visit to the Roumanian capital. Ine Emperor of Austria on Tuesday reviewed 30 000 Roumanian troops at Bucharest, the King and Queen both being present. Some weeks aijo a Bulgarian merchant named Zlatko, ' brother of tin Austro Hungarian Consul in the Macedonian town of Sire?, was carried (ffby Turkish robbere. They asked 2C00 Turkish pounds as ransom. After lmig deliber ation, on the demand of the Austro Hon^arian Consul, the Turkish Govern ment consented to pay the Fum, but on the delivery of '.he money to the delegate of the robbers Turkish troops prematurely attempted to seize and capture the band. The robbers thsn killed the merchant Zlatko and escaped into the mountains. The Austro-Hungarian Consul at Salonica, Here von Haupt, now demands the punishment of the officials who were the * cause of Zlatko's death. The Madagascar mail, which has just arrived in Paris, shows the island to be still in a very disturbed state. A number of murders are reported. Several high authorities among the Hovas have been dismissed for disaffection. A meeting of colonists and officials had been held, and recommended that slavery should be abolished vithout compensation. 