AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL: CALLED BACK. The dramatisation of Hugh Conway's-popular novel, which was succcssfull' presented to a crowded Theatre Royal audience on Saturday night, is not new, of course, but as a play it is worth a dozen of tho clasB of Choor, Boys, Cheer. For melodrama it iB a model of com pression and directness ; thcro is in it so little that is superfluous, so littlo that does not help forward the story. It is more than a decade ainco it was last seen hero, and its revival by Sir. Georgo Rignold lias thcreforo an interest that is fresh, and an attractiveness that is undeniablo. As a picture of tho horrors of Siberian exile and Rus sian despotism tho piny may bo a littlo over colored at the present time, but for alL wo, in this free and enlightened countr', nro aware these things exist to-day to a greater or lesser extent, and arc therefore right subjects to bo treated on the mclodroinatio stage, oven though the treatment tend towards exaggeration. This dramatic philippio against Russian inhumanity, however, is not the main interest of tho play. That centres round the heroine's loss of memory, induced by the shock of seeing her brother killed by the crafty Macari in the prologue, and "called back by the mention of the murderer's name just before tho curtains falls. The play is really somewhat of an interesting physiological and psychological stud, in that it calls to its aid two important physical defects, viz., blindness and loss of memory, both of which arc used with excellent dramatic effect. This piece is by far the best Mr. Rignold lias givon us this season. It has merits which rise superior to the cheap and tawdry effocts of modern melodrama. It docs not depend on armies oE supers, or costuming, or beautiful scenery, and the copious use of gun powder for its effects. It is a com pact molodrama, with juBt sufficient dash of sensation—a murder in the prologue, another at tho close, and a death in thu middle — to please the morbidly inclined, whiUt not outraging probability too much. The most commendable point about tho play is that it grip3 the audienco from the Btart and holds its interest enchained, which is more than can bo said of most melodramas. Moreover, the acting reaches a much higher level of excel lence all round than heretofore. Tito cast assumes humbler' dimensions, and is the better for it, whilst the characters are well allotted. The play is distinctly a triumph for Mr. Rignold. in the character of tho sinister Macari he shows very effectively that he is still able to act with liis old force and vigor. There is no limelight or platitudinous attitudinisings associated with tliiB character. Voice, face, even tho Rignoldian walk, arc subjugated for tho nonce, ami wo aro 1 pleased to hail the . popular actor ab . an 1 artist in the light of this creation. His Macari is a figure at once picturesque, cynical, crafty and diabolic. In every gesture, every fascinating Anglo-Italian accent, evory glance, every indolent attitude, there was an admirable consistency whilst the comportment and make up of the mt\u— his eyes, cigarette, moustache, brigandish coat and hat and clothes — were most eloquent. Mr. Plimmor afforded an admirable contrast1 to this embodiment of cynicism and craftiness as the noblo hearted hero, and, as in all" his recent work, he acted with a force, earnestness and skill that left nothing to bo desired. If this clover young actor continues to develop his undoubted stage talent at his present rate there is little doubt that he will before long attain to high' rank in tlie profession. Mis»4 Emily Hughes, as the sorely-tried heroine, was1 in every way satis factory except in her elocution, which, while gratifyingly distinct, has about it a suggestion of affectation. Otherwise her work as the girl with th'o lost memory was distinctly good, proving that she lias undoubted ability ' for these roles. Mr. Stirling AVhyto is to be commended for an excellent study of the character of Ccnori, Mncari's dupe, the best featuro of which was his death scene after being sent to Siberia. This was really a fine piece of acting, admirable in its realism. Mr. F. Hawthorne played well as the young man who is murdered in tho prologue, and the other characters were in more or less capable hands. Called Back will be played till further notice. On future Saturday nights it would be to the advantage of the people who want to hear what is being daid on the stage if Mr. Rignold would station someone in the gallery to keep the boys in order. A Trip to Chinatown, that amusing medley of fun, frolic and music, attracted another over flowing house at tho Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening. The entertainment, which has quite caught the popular fancy, provokes as much laughter in ono evening as the averago variety show produces in a week. A long run may safely be predicted for the entertain ment. There is no sign of falling off in the popularity of the Tivoli Company cntcrtainmoats, nnd tho Opera Houbo is filled at every performance. On Saturday night Mr. .Will Crackles, the comic vocalist and eccentric dancer, mado his re appearance in several new characters. Messrs. Yorke and- Lyndon ; Mr. Carl Herz, tbe clever illusionist ; Miss Jessica, the wire rope dancer ; Miss Amy Dewhurst, Miss Daisy Chard, Messrs. Whitburn, Tennyson, O'Gormnn and Parlotto contribute their specialties to a well filled bilL v As the last of his series oj farewell lectures in Melbourne the Rev. Charles Clark gave Dickens's Christmas Carol at the Atlienajum on Saturday evening. Six years bad elapsed since Mr. Clark's last recital of this charming storv in this city, and its revival was hailed with delight by a crowded house. The lecturer was Incver heard to better advantage, and his recital oflhow Scrooge's interviow with Marley's Ghost ultimately led to his reclama tion, much to tho advantage of worthy Bob Cratcliit, greatly pleased tho audience. The carol was illustrated with some splendid limo- light pictures, and jxffcer theso had been shown Mr. Clark bade his patrons good- bye. He said it was with considerable regret that ho did so, but tlie timo was faBt coming when he would be a "lean and slippered pantaloon." He did not wish tho time to come at all, and ho certainly did nob want it to como to him in Melbourne. Therefore ho thought this would bo his last appearance here. It was now 27 years since ho came as a0 stranger to Australia, and ho now enjoyed the possession of very numerous friends here, to whom ho was loth to say good-bye. However, ho wab pleased with tho prospoot of an early return to his wife in England, and ho would be always happy to meet any of his Aus tralian friends in London. Professor Marshall Hall will give an orches tral concert on Saturday afternoon, at which the following programmo will bo given s— Beeth oven's Eroica Symphony; M'Cunn's overture, The DowicDens o' Yarrow; "Wagner's Prelude to Act 3, Dio Meistersinger ; and Dvorak's Slavonic Dances, Set 2. The box plan for tho concert opens at Allan and Co.'s 