A Woman Friend. By JENNINGS CARMICHAEL. ' Mrs. Trevor, I am afraid to try my luck Supposing she were to refuse me there would' be an end of everything, and this friendship is better than nothing at all.' 'If you like I shall try and find out her feeling for you,' answered the widow, leaning back in her chair and turning to her com panion with a sympathising smile. ' What a baby you are, major,' she added, with a silvery bantering laugh. ' You who have popped so many guns to shrink trom popping the question! The soldier walked up and down his friend's elegant drawing-room pulling his long moustache with an air of excitement and uncertainty. He was a handsome fellow with the disciplined figure that would have betrayed his calling without the smart cavalry uniform, which showed it to so much advantage. Recent years of service in India had bronzed his skin and this sun-warmed complexion, combined with dark eyes and curling raven hair, give a picturesque Spanish touch to his manly good looks. Mrs. Trevor watched him closely under her drooping lids and there was a look of suppressed tenderness in her eyes. She was a beautiful but passee brunette with a mobile face and a figure that retained all the slenderness and grace of girlhood. Though nearer 50 than 40 Mrs. Trevor looked more than 10 years younger. Widowed in her first youth and left with enough to secure her a luxurious and untroubled life Time had not laid his hand too heavily on her. Many a girl in her twenties envied Mrs. Trevor that creamy uuwrinkled skin, those languorous dark eyes, and the perfect figure always so daintily gowned. But to Major Bruce the charming widow — whose husband had given him pocket-money in his boyhood was an elderly and mature person whom he regarded in the light of a motherly friend. Had any one told him that this maternal confidante was passionately in love with him Douglas Bruce would have been shocked and astounded. 'His dear little mother,' as he called her, never for an instant appeared in this natural and obvious light. Yet there were many who not only saw the widow's devotion, bub believed it was returned. Mrs. Trevor and the lovely Miss Tolhurst, one of last season's debutantes, were supposed to hold the major's affections between them, and it was a matter of interest among their friends as to which would win. And now the major was making the mistake into which so many lovers fall namely, of confiding his love for a woman in that woman's rival. Little did he guess as he poured the story of his love into Mrs. Trevor's pretty ears that every nerve in her jody thrilled with jealous misery. Bring this fair young Hilda to his arms ? She would rather perjure her soul first ! ' You know, I sometimes fancy she is beginning to care for me a little,' began the major, sitting down opposite his friend and locking his strong brown fingers together as he eagerly regarded her. 'She is always so sweet and kind and seems so glad to see me.' ' Hilda Tolhurst has many admirers you ' ? must remember, major, and girls of 19 do not usually take these matters very seriously,' remarked Mrs. Trevor, her lips twitching | nervously for a moment. 'You don't mean to suggest that she is a. flirt ?' cried the major in some anxiety. ' I. can't tolerate frivolous women.' ' Well, not necessarily a flirt, my dear boy,, but she may like two or three men just as much' as you, and give them the same encouragement. Bruce's square jaw hardened. 'Have you seen anything of the kind ?' he asked, his face shadowing. ' I thought I was the only man from whom she accepted marked attentions.' 'Major, dear, you are an absurd fellow! ; Does not every girl take all the homage she can get while she is free — and very often after marriage ?' 'Hilda is not a girl that,' cried the lover impetuously. 'She would not lure men on to care for her for the sake of gratifying a cruel and unwomanly vanity.' Mrs. Trevor shrugged her shoulders and looked at her friend with an indulgent smile. 'Well, we won't extol or decry Miss Hilda's perfections?' she cried lightly. I shall see her this evening and try and find ; out her attitude to you. But why not try your self, silly boy ?' 'No; a woman's wit can manage these things without risk,' answered the major, rising as he prepared to take his leave. 'I should win or lose all if I tried myself.' ' Come to-morrow to afternoon tea and I will tell you results, said Mrs. Trevor, laying her hand on his arm as she walked with him to the drawing-room door. 'What should I do without you, mater dear !' exclaimed the big soldier as he clasped , the dainty hand in farewell. 'My own mother could not be kinder.' Mrs. Trevor winced under the affectionate glance of the true brown eyes, though she gave ?.'??« A laughing retort. 'Well, don't be a big foolih boy or your mother will have to scold its well as pet you.' ''.Get me what I am dying for, little mater, and I'll be the best boy in the world !' A few hours later Mrs. Trevor was in the drawing-room of Tolhurst Lodge with the fair daughter of the house. They were alone, as the master was away at the Yorick and Mrs. Tolhurst had gone to bed withn sick headache. Nothing could be 'more opportune for Mrs. Trevor if she wished to discover the major's chances with his charming sweetheart. 'Curiously enough, as the widow drank her after-dinner coffee, she was approached by her companion in much the same mood as the major's. Mrs. Trevor and Hilda were popularly supposed to be friends, and in truth the girl regarded her as a trusty confidante just as implicitly as did her lover. She was a frank-hearted, clear-eyed child of nature and had yet to learn that a woman friend can sometimes be perfidiously kind and sympathetic. This was not the first time Major Braces intentions had been discussed between them, so when Hilda knelt by the side of her truest and lifted her flushed face with a tremulous question Mrs. Trevor was not surprised. 'You saw Major Bruce this afternoon?' Whispered the girl, as Mrs. Trevor put her empty coffee-cup on a table near. ' Did did he say anything about me ?' Of course he did, you foolish child ! Does he not always ask after you and your cousins ?' The widow's voice was sweet and she looked down at the glowing, bashful face with a kindly smile. Ah ! you know what I mean, dear!' protested the girl impatiently. ' Mrs. Trevor, do you think he cares for me a little bit ?' If the blundering major could only have seen that wistful lifted face. 'Now, my child,, you know how uncertain ''men are,' exclaimed Mrs. Trevor, with a look of feigned distress. 'When a man pays attention to two or three different women, what is one to think?' 'Ah, but does he do this?' cried Hilda eagerly. ' Does he send others flowers and gifts and talk as he has talked to me ?' Mrs.Trevor did not answer except by an enigmatic smile. 'Men are all alike,' she cried with disgusted wave of her pretty hands. ' Take my advice, Hilda, and have nothing to do with ' these exasperating creatures.' ' But you know I care for Major Bruce, and I can't help it,' said Hilda, with a pained but ? proud toss of her golden head. 'He has, wilfully or not, taught me to watch for his coming. I— I can t bear the uncertainty — he — he never seems to wish' to know my feeliings, and yet fosters my regard by every means in his power.' The tears came into the girl's blue eyes and ; her lips trembled. Hilda, no man in the universe is worth worrying over,' observed Mrs. Trevor, stroking the soft cheek with her hand. 'Forget all about him and try and form other ties. That is impossible,' answered Hilda firmly. ' But I don't mean to go on encouraging myself in this tormenting uncertainty. Mrs. Trevor, you two are so intimate you could easily find out the truth for me.' The girl drew closer to her companion and laid her fair head on the widow's bare jewelled arm. Mrs. Trevor smiled ; the irony of the position amused while it irritated her. "Yes, I could find out all for you if you wish,' she began gently. ' But what then, Hilda? I may be forced to tell you he is not to be taken seriously.' 'Then I shall know the worst and act accordingly,' said Hilda, lifting her face with a proud emile. ' I shall go up on the hills for a few weeks with Aunt Dorothy and try to forget that I could be so weak, so credulous a fool.' Mrs. Trevor's eyes gleamed. 'There is nothing like absence to test feelings of this kind,' she observed. 'I think you are quite right, my child. Major Bruce is coming to See me to-morrow afternoon and I will skilfully sound him for you.' "For heaven's sake don't let him have the very tiniest hint that I care at all !' cried Hilda, a sudden flush sweeping the pallor of her face 'I could not bear that.' ' Never fear, I will guard your secret faith fully. Douglas is conceited enough about his conquests without presenting him with another scalp '. 'How horrible that sounds !' and Hilda shuddered as she spoke. ' I thought Major Bruce s0 far above that poor sort of vanity.' Mrs. Trevor saw the curling, scornful lips and laughed merrily. 'My dear girl, you may accept this as an axiom — the average man thinks he has only to smile on a woman and she is subjugated.' 'I did not regard the major as an 'average' man,' said Hilda. 'Well, dear, l am afraid he represents the type. However, we shall see. I will make him confess to-morrow, and I hope,' she added, putting an arm round the girl, 'that he will have the good sense to be in love with you, child, for you are sweet and pretty enough to win any man's caring !' 'My dear hoy, you have not the ghost of a. chance. She vows she is going away to escape you.' 'I am sure, with all deference to Miss Tolhurst, she need not disturb herself,' growled the major, gnawing his moustache. ' I shall not press unwelcome attentions.' 'Major dear, does this thoughtless girl hold your heart irrevocably?' asked the widow, looking up into his sulky eyes with, an expression that anyone but Douglas Bruce would read at a glance. 'Utterly ; without her I feel a useless, purposeless ass ; I never cared as I care for her.' His voice was husky and she saw the gulp in his throat. ? ' I am sorry I carried out your wishes now,' said Mrs. 'Trevor in a regretful voice. 'I- had far tetter have left you in your fool's paradise.' : 'No, no; if a limb must go, lop it off and be done with it,' cried the major, with savage philosophy. 'I would not have minded had she not led me to believe she cared, and then to threaten to clear out rather than encourage me at the heel of the hunt.' 'Perhaps she wants you to chase romantically after her,' suggested Mrs. Trevor skillfully ' Girls love to see men making abject idiots of themselves.' 'So a man should be abject -when he approaches a woman,' cried the lover with' angry humility. 'But God knows I have never presumed on Hilda's sweet friendliness. She might have given me a fair and square chance ; that is all I ask.' Mrs. Trevor's heart sank. Would she ever be able to chase the hungry love from those pained eyes ; the passionate disappointment from the well- beloved face? The square soldierly jaw was so sternly set, so dogged in' its determination — would the girlish face of Hilda ever give way to her own ? But even as she doubted she strengthened her resolution to; separate these two if possible. Once get Hilda out of the way and the widow would . have her chance, and it would be hard indeed if she did not in the end wind this soft giant round her practised fingers. Two days later Hilda had left Melbourne. 'What is the matter, Bruce? You look as glum as if you'd attended your own funeral and been done out of the cake and wine.' 'I feel glum,' responded the major, who had just met his friend, Dr. Steele, in the billiard-room of their club. The doctor took up a cue and -began chalking it with a knowing little smile. 'Bruce, my good fellow, you're in love. Why don't you fix things up and be happy ?' ' Unfortunately it takes two to fix up these matters,' said the major gloomily. ' Well, I thought the charming widow was only too willing,' remarked his friend, sending a ball experimentally across the cloth. 'What in the devil do you mean?' I asked, the major, his bronzed face flushing. ' Why, is it not the incomparable Mrs. Trevor to whom you are so devoted?' and the doctor laughed. 'You know devilish well you are talking nonsense,' said the major half angrily. 'There is only one -woman I have admired in Australia and you know who it is. As for Mrs. Trevor, she looks upon me as a son, and I most certainly regard her utmost as a, mother.' ' I should like an extra mother like Mrs. Trevor,' remarked the doctor, cannoning a: ball into a pocket with a whistle of satisfaction ' It must be deuuedly pleasant.' Then turning to his incensed friend he added more gravely, 'Straight wire, old man, you don't pretend not to know the widow's infatuation for you ? Why, it sticks out a foot.'' you are talking infernal tommy rot,' cried the other in a quiet sort of fury. ' Why, she is my confidante in my own love affair ;'? and then in his brief, graphic way Major Bruce related the story of Mrs. 'Trevor's friendly efforts on his behaif and his cruel ladylove's subsequent flight. ' Well, Bruce, you are the most hopeless dolt it has yet been my lot to encounter,' was the doctor's comment on the brusque narrative. 'You have been ass enough, in the first place, to-entrust your wooing to a third party, and capped that egregious blunder by trusting your sweetheart's rival with the delicate office of mediator.' 'I tell you it is rubbish,' stormed the major, 'and an insult to that friendly little soul who has alway's been so good to me.' ' All right, Bruce, my boy. Be blind and mad if you will, but take my advice,' urged the doctor, dropping his cue and turning seriously to his friend, 'go straight to the girl and try your own luck. With all deference to your exalted estimate of Mrs. Trevor1, I would trust her in this matter less than any other human being.' 'The conversation ended with a 'hundred up,' after which the major went home in a thoughtful aud perturbed state of mind. By 10 o'clock next morning a military gentleman was whirling along in a country train, his destination being the picturesque retreat in the hills whither a certain fair-haired lassie had flown after a memorable interview with their, mutual woman friend. Waratah House was-well known as a summer resort. In the weeks between November and March the hotel was crowded, but as the fiery heat of the weather abated the holiday-makers went back to their city homes and by April the place was comparatively deserted. At this season Hilda loved it best, more particularly in ..her present frame of mind. In the deserted gulleys and lonely hillsides one had breathing space ; there were no long-legged sportsmen, nor noisy picnic parties, nor ubiquitous, amorous couples as in the fashionable months. One could . enjoy the beauty of the bush and drink the pure mountain air with a delightful sense of being out of the ordinary world. Last season! Hilda and her old maiden aunt had speut the April weeks at Waratah, so neither Mrs. Tolhurst nor Aunt Dorothy was surprised when she expressed a wish to repeat the visit this year. Her mother thought that a rest from lawn tennis and unimportant garden parties would not be a bad thing for the girl, who was losing a little of her freshness. And so Hilda was allowed to go to the hills under the trusty chaperonage of good Miss Brownson Mrt. Tolhurst's only sister. Neither mother nor aunt had received Hilda's confidence in this first love affair, though both secretly wished that the major's suit would prosper. Being wise women, however, they did not interfere with the course of events. In helping on a love affair there are serious difficulties, particularly where sensitive, high spirited natures are concerned. True love can no more be forced by a third party than a bud can be made to break before its time. There is plenty of successful match-making truly, but very little heart-mating. This lovely early-autumn afternoon Hilda and her aunt were sitting drinking afternoon tea on the high wooden verandah of Waratah House. Below them rolled a hillside clothed with waxen native creepers and shrubs and losing itself in a be'llbird-haunted gulley, where the water could be heard lisping aud tumbling over the stones. To the left lay the large, rambling, country garden full of old-fashioned flowers, late roses, daisies, and mignonette, and huge, unpruned chrysauthemum shrubs just bursting into flower. There was a pond full of lily-cups and long-throated arums, and an old summer- house of worn supple-jacks picturesquely 'tip-tilted' with the heavy festoons of wild clematis, ivy, and bigonia growing all on one side. Over this rustic bower one could see a sweep of the pathway leading up from the main road. Hilda was 'dreamily looking across the garden and wondering who the new arrival was coming up the hill, when a sudden familiarity in the tall masculine figure made her heart beat wildly. Surely she knew that steady military carriage, the poise of the dark, spirited head. 'Auntie,' she said at last, very quietly, 'that is Major Bruce coming up the hill.' ' Dear, dear me !' cried the old lady, adjusting her pince-nez and following Hilda's bright eyes, 'I do believe you are right? Hilda, my dear, this is a very determined young wooer. ' 'Don't, auntie dear !' protested the girl, in distress. 'It is only a coincidence, a chance. He—he would not want to follow me here.' In spite of her words Hilda's eyes were very; happy, and the color came and went in her cheeks. 'Well, I must go and change my cap and put on my best apron,' cried Miss Brownson, rising fussily. 'Youj will do, Hilda darling; that heliotrope muslin and big flop hat suit you to perfection,' and before Hilda had made up her mind to detain her, the astute old lady had vanished. The major caught sight of that girlish figure on the verandah and made straight for it with the directness born of his new resolution. Hilda blushed painfully as she rose to meet him, but her voice was unnaturally bright and shallow as she cried gaily — ' Have you come for a breath of mountain air, too? I thought no one but I patronised Waratah in April.' 'No, I came to see you,' he said bluntly, keeping the little hand in a grip that held her prisoner. ' I have come all this way to ask you to let me have a talk with you.' 'Won't you have some tea first '''she said faintly, turning her head and just managing to release her hand. 'No.; if you do not mind I would rather' speak-to you first.' There was no hesitation about the major now. The sight of the shy blushing face set his pulses beating furiously. He felt he would go mad if he couid not win her there and then. Hilda managed to meet the gaze of 'those passionate eyes and her doubts vanished. 'The pretty girlish head drooped submissively as she said — There is a lovely walk down the hill along the valley. We can talk there, if you like.' But the ' talk' proved a very broken and incoherent one at first, for once under the shadow of the pungent foliage in the gulley Hilda somehow found -herself in her lover's arms, while silent lips pressed warmly to hers told more of what she wanted to know than all the talk in the world. ' That mendacious little wretch tricked us both !' exclaimed the major, as they wandered aloong the tortuous bush path lost in a dream of satisfied love, while the bell-birds tinkled deliriously and the low sun filled the woody vistas with golden mist. 'Ah, well! she loved you, dear, and — and perhaps was sorely tempted,' whispered the girl, ready to excuse even the woman who had tried to part them in the first flush of this new found joy. 'Hilda, sweet— you don't think it was my fault"' asked Bruce, taking the girl again in his arms and looking fondly down at the face against his breast. ' ' No, Douglas dear ; we were both foolishly, but very naturally, blind.' 'And I might have lost you but for Steele's sterling good sense,' groaned the major, bending his head to seek the rosy lips. 'Ah,. Hilda, what trifles decide our fate.' ' : . ' Well, you know, dear, how little turns the scale,' answered Hilda, with a little flash of wisdom. 'Now let us go up to auntie, or 'she will be wondering whether l am kidnapped.' ' So y'ou are, dearest, and by a thief who will never relinquish his prize,' was the lover's fond response. The following July there was a fashionable marriage in which the major and Hilda took a prominent part, and a year after the charming Mrs. Trevor consoled herself with a straw berry- nosed old squatter, with whom she lived for a few months, then left him for an 'extended tour in the East,' which has not yet come to an end. A new test of intoxication was recently given in a police court. 'How do you know lie was intoxicated?' the magistrate asked'-a witness. 'He couldn't ride His bicycle,' was the reply. 