FLOTSAM AMD JETSAM. -j 'Au».. - '* - i , 1 1 '*£y i ?/v. / ' ' ' -„-. . (Br H.N.T.) 1 .ji ';; ?' * ?'?.,'-?? Speak naught but kindly.' ? ? ^ ^ The irony of fate has had a alngulac and, -\ ' :v ' '- / nndeit tha oircumBtances, pitifal exemplification ?\ . - ,,,_ _- ' daring the last few weeks in the trial and con -j ;„ viction by a jury of his peers of Harry Holman, ' '? ?' the gifted young Labor agitator, on a charge of -\ ,c conspiracy to defraud. That the very enterprise \--' „ —the starting of a daily Labor organ — for which. ~ ,„ , . he worked night and day, heart and soul, should be the means by which he ia incarcerated in a ' ' - felon's cell, ia, in itself, a strange perversity of fate. , Those who have known him or have heard \- l , him address an audience, even though they \ ' ;_ may altogether differ from him in politics, cannot 1 bat feel sorry for cine who, under other auspices, \- ' - ' would undoubtedly have made a great and honor* able name for himself. That he was clever— far 't above the average of mortals — no one will deny. As a platform speaker he had few equals and \ ' fewer superiors. But he allowed his great talents to drift perhaps into a wrong channel. ? The regeneration of society will not be brought about by socialistic propaganda, setting class '' against olass,. or by the vaporings of the Labor demagogue, some of whom have done inflaitely \- more harm to their cause than good, and have alienated many a sincero well-wisher by their , . Utopian and extreme ideas. That tbo law must be upheld we all admit, _ ' and that the vindication of the law is the very ? , life-blood oi society, goes without saying; but it is also gratifying to know that the judge is invariably allowed discriminatory powers in administering the law. A case in point was the f ' Chiltern Shooting Case,' wherein a man was- tried for shooting at and wounding some thing in the garb of a human being and called a ' man.' It waB proved that this fellow had for years lived on the prisoner's bounty, and had repaid hia kindness by corrupting his wife and seducing his daughter, Goaded to desperation, no doubt by further wrongs, the injured husband and father took the law into his own hands, but unfortunately only winged the treacherous hound, Had he put a bullet through the heart; of v\ r- the ' licentious, lecherous, treacherous scoun \- . dtel,' he would only have been ridding man \- - , kind of one of a fcatef ul class of vermin, which the law, singularly enough, seems powerless to touch. Hence the peculiarity of the law, inas much as you muot not take it upon yourself to protect that which you hold most dear in life Should you do so you ore liable to lose your liberty, -and have the oatisf action of knowing that the cowardly scoundrel can carry on his gwne with impunity. As a kind of counterpoise to a suggestion of mine which appeared in this column recently about a prize for the best-kept cottage garden, a facetious friend is advocating a bonus for the beat crop of 'dock,' Scotch thistle, or Bathurst burr, or other duly certified noxious weed, with thjQ proviso that it must be grown within a mile or, bo of the Albury Post Office. Now within tfrat -distance I have oeen some of the finest specimens of 'wild rhubarb' an J other vege table scourges, to be found anywhere in Christen dun, Notwithstanding the drawback of protection , thoughts, bad harvests, and depression generally, that ever present example of the baneful efiaots '. o? encouraging native industries — Victoria — eejsms at last to be on the high road to prosperity, of at any rate things appear to be looking up a bit, ' as' the say in' is.' According to the latest Statistic, Melbourne iB still well ia front of the foreign- trade centre— dear old Sydney — in the matter of population, notwithstanding her alleged ten thousand old unemployed, recruited, we are told, from the ' other colonieB.' The majority of fceetrado writars in New South Wales are very persistent in pointing to Victoria as a lasting monument of what may happen to a country which dares to shut out the foreign ' shoddy ' article and manufactures for itself the requirements of home consumption, They also point very guardedly to America, which was supposed, a little while ago, to have experienced a 'great freqtrade revulsion,' as . ? another example of the diabolical effects of a fiscal policy on tho lines of protection. But what are tho facts 7 On the contrary, America to-day ia more protectionist than ever, ' As sedate as an old cow'1 ia an old saw ; but a neighbor of mine has a cow which can be anything but sedate occasionally. The other day her stall was having its daily clean up, and a barrowload of unused lucerne and other debris wbb standing near rsady to bo wheeled away Her ladyship the cow, who wna atanding hard by, thinking poBBibly that tho barrow contained n dainty morsel, walked up and BnifEed it ; but fiading that it wna not at all edible, and no doubt being grently disappointed, 6he irame-' diately turned round and gave that barrow s uch a kick that sent if; and itn contents flying. This is no 'snaku j'avn,' but a positive fact, Which I can vouch for, Th£ following paragraph was surreptitiously placed on my dresaing-table a day or two ago. Perhaps some of my readers may be able to dis cover the joke. I cannot. However, I publish it for the benefit of those whom it may con cam :— When writing for the Press, put your points clearly and sharply. Let every word leap with life. Condense Some explain things to death. Stop when you ere done. Don't let the ghost of your thoughts wander about after the death of the body. Put fire into your writing, or your writing will be put into the fire. 