THt BARONET'S L0VE.I The Woman 'Between Them. chapter xii. ! god forgive 'me, if i have done you any wrong.' j Those are beautiful lines, Charles, Gladys whispered ; and he remembered that they had been the breathings of <i -fainting heart— a heart fillejd withaholy, jexalteid passjon, a heart jfatnting with the inspirations of, dread ' prophecy. Like a flash, he saw himself in the lonely years of the.future. He tried to put it away from him, but the words throbbed through his brain ; he did not utter them aloud : But now, at length, dear Dian sank- irom sight Into a western couch of thunder cKiud : And then a ghost, . amid Mhe. entotabing trees, Did glide away. Only 'thine eyes remained ? They would not go— they never yet have gono. Lighting my lonely pathway home that night, They have not left me (as my hopes. have) since ; . They follow me— they lead me through tho years — They are my ministers — yet I their slave. Their office is. to illumine and enkindle—. , , My duty to bfe saved by their bright light, 1 ' And purified in their electric fire. And sanctified in their Elysian firo. They fill my soul' with beauty (which is hope), And are far up in heaven, Ithe stars I kneel to, In the sad, silent watches of my night! They were now within a short distance of the spot where they had left . their friends, and the metallic laughter of Mrs. tfixey, mingled with the latter of china, reminded them that they must hiae all . traces of emotion. ' There jou are at last,' cried . Lady Craythorne. ' Four o'clock, and we were just going to take tea without you !' . 5he eyed them sharply, iand thought, exultantly : ' He proposed to her, and she has de clined him. There is misery in his eyes. I must speak to Ada !' '. You have had quite a long walk,' ob served Lady Marcia. ' Yes,' replied Gladys, smiling faintly. ' We have been to the ruins, and met a real gipsy, who wanted to tell us our for tunes !' i ' Splendid 1' cried Mr. Gadsby, looking at Ada Craythorne. ' I wish we had gone that way. I should like to dip into the future. You don't mean to say that you let such a fine opportunity slip, rLady Gladys ?' ' The gipsy didn't, I fancy,' smiled Lady Craythorne. ' These people generally in sist upon telling you something, which is made agreeable or not, according to your liberality,'!', i. : j ; ; r/j; ; Sir Charles looked at her gratefully, and she added, quickly : ' " Ha ! I see that you were .'above gipsy fortune-tellers, and she told you some thing unpalatable, Sir Charles. Now con fess, sir !' ' You are right, Lady Craythorne,' Has tings said, unwillingly! ' Personally, I would not care a rap, but Lady Gladys S-ALarmedYiverne a cup oftea' Tnecontmuenopingrtc cnange tlieTrifo of the conversation. ' Well, I will be charitable, sir ; but really I do not think you deserving cf the slightest consideration, You took good care not to help us to brew the tea,' I am sorry,' faltered Sir'Charles, ' and will make amends in the future.' . ' By inviting the whole party to your own place immediately,' cried Lady Cray thorne. ' I have heard that Emden is a beautiful old village.' ' Js 'iVeiy j answered Sir Charley. ':My mother is an invalid at present, and I have her wishes to Consult.' " : ' Tut, tut! You must not take my ban ter in earnest.' laughed Lady Craythorne, ' I shall be content to wait until you are quite sure that we are desirable: acquaint ances.' She indulged in ..merriment' that was well assumed. Her speech and manner were not in perfect good taste, consider ing that Sir Charles was a/ecent acquaint ance, but whn Lady Craythcrne had an object in view, she did not allow anything to standjin her way, She had heard, in cidentally, that the baronet was leaving Swinford that day, and she was determin ed (to keep in touch with his movements for Ada's sake. ' Do you know the rHorleys, of Lang- ley Park ?' she continued. ' They are old friends ot ours.' Sir Charles had heard of the Horleys — two maiden sisters and an elderly bache lor brother — the most inveterate gossips and mischief-mongers'in the country." 'I promised them a month ago that I and my daughters would spend a week in August with them.' She told this -false hood without a tremor of the eyelids. 'So we shall not be far from you, and will drop in some morning and give you a surprise.' ' My mother will be happy to make welcome any friends ot mine,' said Sir Charles. ' But I must forewarn you ! We are not society people, and you will find Emden Hall a dull place,' frit was five o'clock before the party start ed tor the Abbey, and Mi. Gadsby declar- ed that it had been the happiest day of his existence, After dinner, Sir Charles and Lady Gladys met in a grove ol filbert trees be yond the flowei-gar iens, where they could renew their vows and say good-bye un seen and unheard." ' I shall write in a day or two,' said Sir Charles, ' and appojnt a meeting with the earl;' ' In the meantime, I 'have much to do' that concerns us, Gladys — that con cerns me and you.' - , ' She looked ?t him in ' surprise ; he had 'hinted at so much, and said so little. . ' Tell me everything, dear, if, it will ease you to share whatever may be on your mind with the one to whom yQU are all in all.' '? 'r- ' Not now —not now 1 My story may be pleasanter to tell in a week's time, Gladys, Then I 'will tell you my sad history — the I history of a'fearful mistake !' "f 1 She laid hV head trustingly on his shpul- der ; and (-not until he had been driven away to the station — until she knew that he was in the train, thundering homeward — did the significance of those words oc cur to her. i . / .How strange Sir Charles' manner had been ! how mysterious his words 1 How cruel the wicked eyes of the old gipsy voman ! Did all this foreshadow some dreadful calamity ? .He loved lier— he loved her ; but the knowledge of it gave him pangs of sorrow; nay, remorse ! He would tell her the history ol a fear ful mistake ! . , In the black hours of night; she dream ed that,they were parted for ever by this mistake of which he spoke. But the gol den sunlight of morning dispelled lier feais, and she waited for her first love- letter , she waited for rtews of her lover, y ' chapter xiii. ; , : ' ; ! ! tiie earl of swinford s steward. The Earl- pfi Swinford .did not , get through with his business until the day after the picnic, and when he reached home he was looking worn and troubled. Almost the first thing he did was to send- i for his sister, Lady Marcia, and when 'they were alone he unburdened him self. " ' ' Marcia, what is your opinion of Col lins, mv trusted steward ?' he demanded. ' My opinion of Collins.' What a.i 1 extraordinary question, Edward cried Lady Marcia. ' Collins has had the ' management of the estate since we were ; children. No one has ever questioned him i' 'Matcia, I am greatly troubled ; I have a most painful duty to perform. I have to question the steward's honesty, My lawyers have had charge of the accounts, as you are aware, and they suspected Collins for some years. He has drawn large sums of money for the erection of new cottages — for repairs — for modern machinery on the farm ; he hasirobbed the tenant ; he has falsified his accounts in every conceivable iv ay. This has been going on for years, and I am the cause of it. The man has felt safe ; he has had no master. The law yers have einyloyed a detective, and I am in possession of every proof of Col- lins's guilt. He has enriched himself at my expense, and the blow falls heavily upon me.' . ' ' I can scarcely believe it,' Lady Marcia said. ' It is only too true , I could not believe it myself, until everything was laid before. me in black and white. The lawyers wanted, me to institute criminal proceedings forthwith, but I cannot do that. These men are like butchers ; chey have no heart or feeling. They think that! he can be made to disgorge the ; money he has obtained by fraud ; but it is my own fault, and I will suffer the Joss.' LI He paced the room in great agitation for a few|moments 'then he went on 1 Marcia, I cannot rest until this affair has been dealt with. Tmu.stsce Collins here at seven o'clock, and I want you to be present. You have represented me for so many, years that I want your sup port now. Let one of the servants find Collins, with instructions to be Here at seven, until then I will rest ; I am com pletely unnerved.' " ' -r """ 'I will see that he is here, Edward,' said Lady Marcia. ' I hope that he will be able to clear himself, but' ' It is 'absolutely impossible !' the earl interrupted, sadly; and Lady Marcia left him. My lord could not tell why He was so nervous and upset. He tried to.'argue with himself, but came to no Satisfactory conclusion. ' It is a shock,' he thought ; ' the shock of finding that one's most trusted servant is- a scoundrel. Collins is an old man, comparatively; he is fifty years of age, and has held a position of trust for thirty years. He must ha ve been a young .man vhen.niy father placed so much,, power in his; Hands ; he must have had un exceptional references,' He passed his hand through his hair, and remembered that Collins had always been a mysterious individual, a man of strong personality, who had always avoid ed the present earl. It seemed to him that the (golden brightness of the future that had opened to him a few days since was fading away like a baseless vision. 'Why did I return,' he muttered, his eyes filled with anguish, with that mem ory haunting me like a ghoul that feeds upon the living ? Why could I not have died abroad ? My child would have known little sorrow then ; but I believe that she cares for me now. Have I only come back surrounded by an atmosphere of misery ? And is this trouble with Col lins merely the precursor of many griefs for those who are dear to me ?' Then he .straightened himself with an angry gest ure of self-contempt, adding, ' I am a coward. My duty is here — my place at the head of my household, and I will tell Marcia all even if she hate me for it. Perhaps,; then, the past will not haunt me so remorselessly.' He rested for several hours ; then dressed for dinner. He ate little, and Gladys did not trouble him with her chat ter ; for Lady Marcia had told her of some trouble with the steward which had caused them, hojthsurprise and grief. At seven o'clock the earl and Lady Marcia left the dining-room for the Central library, where the business books of the estate were kept, and where busi ness consultations had been held con cerning all that appertained to the Swinford estates for nearly three /Cen turies. This was "one of the few original \- rooms of the first Abbey buildings. It was lofty and spacious, and filled with cunning nooks, cupboards, and sliding panels. The Swinford archives contained man£ inter esting and V curious notes, in which the Central library was frequently mentioned When the defenders of the Abbey were overpowered by the cropearcJ soldiers of Noll Cromwell, they had found refuge in the Central library, antl disappeared un accountably. It was surmised that the solid masonry had been moved by secret springs, and that beyond it were subter ranean qassages that led to liberty. But the rough. walls were now panelled with boards of j stout oak, the floors covered with the richest and the softest of Turkey carpets, and the. lofty ceiling had been frescoed by a modern English painter. The; present earl had been responsible for these innovations, though he consider ed it an act of vandalism to cut down an old tree or clip off a bit.of- ;stone from the ancient walls of the Abbey. The stewaid did riot keep my lord waiting, /' With in a few minutes of seven he yvasi announced, and entered the lib rary with a quick, firm step. He boived to Lady Marcia, and wh'le welcoming the earl; glanced keerly.at him; .'> ' I have not been able to see you before, my lord,' he observed. 'Your return home was quite unexpected, and I was in Cornwall, until this morning arranging about - the purchase' 'of half a dozen draught horses, of unexceptional breed.; : The earl did not believe one word of this, iund he motioned the steward to be seated. ( As Collins crossed the room, the earl , could not help noticing his air of hauteur 1 and defiance. Collins was nothing like ! one's preconceived idea of a gentleman's | steward, He was a portly, handsome man, , of distinguished appearance. He was a gentleman both in manner and speech, and might have been taken for the earl's elder brother. No one would have gues sed that he was my lord's inferior in birth and education, much less his servant. 'I suppose that it is your wish, my lord to go through my accounts ? The attor neys have been regularly supplied with copies, and the books are at your dispo- j sal any time after to-morrow.' - _ i ' I desire to speak with you concerning the accounts, Collins,' began the earl, j stiffly, ' and request you to deliver up your books at once' ' It appears that this may be a painful interview,' sneered the steward, ' and I suggest that Lady Marcia's presence is not necessary.' Lord Swinford was astounded by the audacity of Mr, Collins, and again that- nervous dread crept over him. ' Collins,' continued the earl, coldly, ' I have no desire to prolong this inter view ; I have sent for you to let you know that'your career of theft is at an end.' , Be careful, my lord !' .''J' Absolute and .indisputable proof has been placed-before me,- and your defalca tions, amount to more than twenty thou sand pounds.' You have robbed me and you have robbed my tenants, upon an elaborate plan of fraud ' The steward laughed'bittcrly. ' Go on,' fie said. ' I fiave little more to say, sir. I only wish "you to go. My grief is greater than I can express. It appears that you-have been living beyond yourjneans, and have had to stoop to theft' — ' ' I deny the theft !' was the fierce reply. ' Now, what": are your# intentions ? I have r.e'xpected this ; 1 have ; known all along that >ou had set a "watch upon me' ' The action of the solicitors ; I would never have dreamed of doubting you, , Colli ris'L the earl said, "regretfully. ' But why. need. )ve go further into this painful matter ? I haye no desire or intention to press the charge against you ; I only ask you to resign your position, and. there is an end of it.' ' You a,re very kind,' was the sarcastic reply, ' And i, must' go into the' world and starve ; I' must give up everything — my friends — my social position — all, to suit you !' ';; '/U''. The earl glanced at Collins in astonish ment, and Lady Marcia thought that he had taken leave of his senses. ' I thank you for not being at the root of the espionage. that has been set upon me, and owe you an apology, for the bit ter thoughts I have felt towards you ; I have no doubt that I shall get even with the solicitors before long. . And now, my lord, if you will have .the consideration to persuade Lady Marcia to withdraw, I will tell you why I am not a thief, at least in my own estimation, and why I shall con tinue here as'your steward, notwithstand ing your present wishes to the contrary.' Lady Marcia's eyes sparkled with an ger, -and she looked at her brother, ex pecting that he would have the man eject ed from the house.;. but there was no an-" ger in my lord's white face, and his hands had dropped nervelessly to his sides. ' I don't knoiv that I ought to listen to you, Collins,' he said, weakly. ' And if what you have to say in extenuation of the charges preferred against you is of too painful a nature for Lady Marcia's ears, I am sure that she will net desire to stay. My own opinion is that my solici tors should be present.' ' Your opinion will soon change,' smiled Collins, his lips curling, - . He fixed upon the earl a significant look — a look that had made him half fear the man long ago.- . , Lady Marcia rose, for she had rightly interpreted her brother's tone and glance, and left the library; her heart filled with mingled curiosity and unhappy forebod ings. - When the door had elosedibehind her, the steward nodded in a satisfied way, and addressed the earl in "cool, even tones. (To be continued. ) 