CHURCH UNITY. Rev. Henry Wiles. All those who sincerely love their Saviour and King, the Lord Jesus Christ,) and who earnestly long and pray for the coming of His Kingdom, when this earth 'shall be bound with golden chains, of prayer about the feet, of Q-od,' will be in sympathy with thoBe who pray and labour for tbe unity of th-- r'i IIP i~*t I ? i.i .. ? i unurcnes oi ^nn.st, ana tneretore with Bishop Green in setting apart one Sunday as a day of prayer for the union of the Churches, But we must be very careful to distinguish between unity and uniformity. It is impossible to have complete uniformity with internal dis cord, aad on the other hand to have real unity, the ' Uuity of the Spirit; in the bond of peace' without uniformity. The New Testament does nut bind the Church to any particular form of church government, nor does it bind us to any special forms of worship. God has wisely lett the Church to adapt itself to its environment by the wisest method of government, and tc choose those forms of worship, which can best subserve the devotional welfare and piety of the worshippers. In these matters we can agree to differ, to love each other, and to work for Christ and for the common good Bide by side. The only union worth praying for is Union in Christ. When all the members of tbe various churches are filled with the Holy Spirit and bring; forth the fruits of the Spirit in their lives, ' Love, joy, peace, lon^-nuffering, gentleness, good ness, faith, meeknenw, temperance,' the njtllenimn of union will not he far off. The true Church, 'the Body of Christ-,' is composed of those individuals? who are born again or regenerated by the Holy Spirit who now works: in each and binds all in a '«al, :;hough invisible union, to Christ their Head, When all the members of the existing churches are thus truly regenerated, when they are filled with the Holy Ghost, and possess the love which envieth not,' which Beeketh not her own, which thinketh no evil, which never faileth, they will be ' of one heart and of one soul.' The Holy Spirit is ihe author of unity, and without Him. it. i« impossible. One great ob stacle to real union in the present day is tlie monstrous pretensiou of the, ?*o-calied, High Church Doctrine, that the grace of Christ, the Saviour of all men, is limited to the ministry of those who have been ordained by the 'historic episcopate,' a claim dishonouring to God and absurd in view of the noble work being done by. God's servants who H'-orn the figment of apostolical succes sion as untenable. A Church that proclaims 'We have exclusive right to the water of life, which no one can procure except through our pipes,' makes union impossible. The true high churchmen are those who are bo high that they will not allow Priest, Cardinal, Pope or Monarchy, to take the place of Christ. Prejudice and churchianity must be cast aside, and Christ be all in all, if we are to have union in Him, for neither circumcision nor uncircumcision availeth anything, but a New Creature. Let a man overcome anger by lore, let him overcome evil by good, let him. overcome the greedy by liberality, the liar by truth ! 