AMUSEMENTS, ? « ? Ceemoenb Gabdens. — A change of programme at Cremorne always attracts a large audience, and on Tuesday, when Mr. King Hedley's Orchestra and Concert Company appeared in new selections, was no exception to the rule. The work of the orchestra has distinctly im proved since Herr Francik has taken command, and there is an evident desire on the part of the instrumentalists to respond to the leader's wishes. Last evening the selections from ' Faust' were re markably well given, and Suppers overture, ' Pique-Dame,' was done full justice to. Herr Francik took for his solo on the violin a pretty mazurka by Wieniawski; this was played with bril liant effect, and elicited a hearty and spontaneous encore. The vocal selections were specially pleasing. Miss Regina Nagel sang a pretty song entitled ' Last Night,' which was given with adequate expression and fine tone. The singer was recalled with enthusiasm, and responded. Miss Nagel also sang ' The Gift,' to which Mr. Claude Harrison played an artistic and effective obbligato on the 'cello. Miss Marguerite Johnson sang Plumpton's 'f Dearest and Only Love ' — a pretty and tuneful num ber that was delightfully given, and elicitedawarmencore. Miss Johnson also repeated one of her best ren dered numbers, Gounod's ' Sere nade.' the flute obbligato to which by Mr. Bollingbroke considerably aided: in tbe success. Mr. Neuson was, as usual, heard with pleasure in his tenor songs, and in the duet with Miss Nagel, 'The Sailor Sighs,' he sang with good taste and expression. Mr. W. F. Grant sang the coster song ' Down the Road,' and sang it well, the number being generally well- re ceived. In response to a well merited encore, Mr. Grant gave a recitation, which showed the pos session of histrionic ability. Mr. Claude Harrison's solo on the 'cello was a pretty gavotte hj Fitzen hagen, which was given with artistic effect and perfect tone. He was heartily encored. Tee ' Olbe Ekglishe Fatee.' — There was another large attend ance -?i the public at the 'Olde EngJ'.she Fayre' to witness tbe present varied and attractive bill. Ail the artists were well received, several having to respond to double and treble encores. Mr. R. Bell, in his comedy songs, has evidently 'caught on' amid botli in Irish and in eccentric business he secures uproarious recalls. The exhibition by the cinematograpue is nightly witnessed with the greatest interest, and Ouda, in his clever per formance on the high trapeze, still maintains his popularity. The Anderson Sisters, Professor Shaw, Miss Priscilla Verne, Miss Florrie Lee, Messrs. Stowe and Mooney, and the other performers all come in for special recognition. Davis's Fantastiques. — Pro fessor and Madame Davis, who have earned a reputation as clever illusionists, will make a first appearance in Perth on Fridayfthis evening) at the Town-hall under the management . of Mr. Philip Stuart. The performance has been described as both mystifying and amusing, and special interest is always manifested in Madame Stella Davis' e thought-reading ex hibition, in which questions are received from the audience and answered by that lady while blind folded. The Professor's illusions as to the production of modern ghosts are said to be remarkably clever. Professor and Madame Davis can only appear for a two nights' season at tike present time, but will, in all probability, return to the city after a trip to the gold fields. The box- plan for the season is open at Nicholson's. 