The &ow; ' Zealand Shoopinio* ■' ' stroyer* -— : ■■•■' ''' fames Buoklahd in the " Enohsh i£iug. . tested Magazine." I If; was in thoyoar 1870 that mutterings «ere first hoard of a new diaeaue having broken but among the flooka which, depas tured on the tussock spurs whioh are thrown out like buttresses from the Alpine range of the South Island of New Zealand- Shop> herds told strange stories of finding sheep prostrated, dying, from the effeVts of a'sore about the size of a man's hand, the seat of which was immediately, over the .kidneys. For a time,1 although it was. noticed that the number of viqcims increased nightly, no one was able to account for the. presenoa of this patoh of raw flesh; At length'some one surprised a kea, or mountain parrot, settled upon. the back of a live Bheep, justlntho aot of diving its beak into the animal's body. No bird is mora fearless or inquisitive than the kea. Sometimes, when a Bhepherd is away from home, it'will approach .his hut, the string which lifts the wooden latoh of the door, and, entering, proceeds to make itself thoroughly at home. It will ransack every box with the vulgar curiosity of a Ian lady prying into a lodger's luggage. Should the cut of a coat or the pattern . of a rag prove distasteful .to its critical eye it will not scruple to tear the offending article to pieobs, bestrewing the floor with the remnants. It will drive its long, carved upper mandible through the bottom of nil the tin pots and pans it can find, strip the prints from the walls, hurl the scanty store of orookery to the floor, and, in fact, have a very good time indeed. If, before leaving, it can find a dog on the chain to tease to the verge of madness, it will fly away all'the better pleased w.th the day's sport: 'The natural food of the ken .consists of larvta of inserts', and berries and' roots of. various alpine shrubs and plants, By repeatedly burning off the faoe of the country forth# purpose.of obtaining fresh pasturage," the run holders speedily swept away , all b?rry bearing shrubs and inseotivoruiia life alike in a billowy sea of flumes. ! On a dismal winter night, with little in it .to soften the. hard lot of this feathered starveling, a famished kea must havo como poking about the killing yard of somei sheep station, seen the strange sight of' a woolly skin hanginc over the fence rail's",/peokedull the fat whioh adhered to ib in places, found it good, and in that neb ohanged its feeding habits, and, one might almost say, its whole naturo.. From picking the pieces from the skins it proceeded to feed upon, the kidney fat of caroases on the meat gallows,'and from that to prey upon the living animal. This is all of the origin of this strange practice that we can be at all sure of pursuing aright, all that we shall ever know. To conceive how the bird, having seleoted the kidney fab en the carcass as an especial dolicaoy, was.able to tell witb suuh exactness where the tit- bit was-situated'' in the living animal, is a task beyond our power. So quiok did a carnivorous taste obtain with the kea that in the year 1880 several sheep-owners were obliged to abandon their runs in conse quence. On one occasion, during a single twelvemonth, and that' in one corner of a run alone, these birds destroyed over one thousand sheep. In districts- where' they are plentiful they have been known to kill as trany as two hundred healthy sheep in a single night. A few years ago some shepherds werb "mustering" in a wild mountainous diattio in the vicinity of Lake Whanika. Thocold and comfortless world around slumbered on, without sky or sun, beneath an overhanging blanket of frosty fng. Ai the lictle band of shepherds fought their way along a rugged spur—the rushing blast shrieking in their ears and lashing their faoes like whip-cord —one of their ; .number drew attention to Bome ourious looking heaps in a small hollow, a short distance below them. Unable to see clearly with the naked' eye, he brought his glas9 to bear upon the sprit. The next moment he started running down the slope, followed by his companions. In the hollow, there were lying dead between seventy and eighty fat wethers, their lleeoes fixed together and stiffened by-the hoar frost. There could be no possible doubt of the way in whioh they had come by their death. Each back disclosed a gaping wound. Many years ago-three shepherds were assembled in an out of the way hut for the purpose of " mustering" on the morrow. As they sat round the fire smoking and talking one of them expressed disbelief in the statement that a kea would attack a living eheop.. Tho man was a - stranger In. the district, having but reoently arrived from tho North Island, which would aocounfc for hla ignorance in the m&ttor.; The argu ment waxing warm, the ecoptio wagorud a month's pay that if ho clothed himself.in a sheep's skin, went out upon the spur, and going down upon his hands and knees, feigned distress by imitating the' plaintive bleat of a lost sheep, no birds would daro molest liim. The bat -was accepted, and the other shepherds, having tied the skin of a sheep which they had that day killed, about their mate, watched him disappear in tho darkness. It was a wild night. From time to time tho men in the hue went to the door and [leered into the blackness without, momentarily expecting the return of thoir companion. Once, toward* midnight, they fancied they heard above the shriekiiitr of tho gale a cry whioh, though but faintly audible, filled their hearts with a sense of terror. They started up with white faces and, holding their breath, listoned. But they went to the door no more. Morning came, but no man to claim his wager. The two' ahophords searched diligently for' their mate until sundown— but without success. As the day wore on and- brought chom no relief, tho remembrance of tho ory they had heard the preceding evening forced itdelf with over increasing significance upon their mlndB, At length when dark shadows lay in solemn folds over tho ravines,' and the mountain orcsts looked dim and ghost like in the waning light, they came upon him. How ho came to be in the state in which they, found him will nevir be known. His mind was gone, and as for his body—it was in a condi tion which 1 do not caro to desoribe. 