The One Maid for Me. - CHAPTER XXVII. ."' v' v 'It may havo boon tny (anU in— in part,' . Bethany hod-murmured botwoon hop sobs 1 do not know— it is so hard to know V 'Well, toko to? ndvi'ccr, tfiofi, ariyWay,' aid Cousin Liza bluntly, 'and mako it up "\; -that's my advice— and try, both of you, to bo moro practical ill tho future. In that > ' taw, let ub hope, you wilt both grow older and wiaot togcthor.' | \- Mako it up ! Would Dasil, in his Bcom find prido, (ho wondered in moments of / doopest depression, over give her tho chance to mako it up f Yes, if ho know— it ho might gttosB tho aecrot alio could tell him if io would only como ! Nothing in tho post anxious timohud boon inorf touchingly conspicuous than tho devotion oxhibitod by Johu Goring at tho bodside of his sick young daughtor, ; Now . , that atflplo moauS Woro onco more within his.grasp and no stint Was noodful in tho : expenditure of tho yeoman's household, brorything soomod too poor in his oyesto bring as an offering to Ilethany in hor ill- Jitsa— nothing too lavish to gratify hor. \- ' Whims ia tho hopeof quickening hor lagging „ recovery, llochony rownrded him always With hor most hopoful smilo, and assured hiiUCdmostly that oho was fast getting woll. — Somotimbs, in ho .brightor moments, they. Would talk together of Bomb just as if no ' shadow of entrnhgement loomed durkling in tbo.prosent botwooilyoUUg hnsband and Wifoi dhd /Bethany at- tho time never 'guessed that, whon sato beyond hor haar- ing, hor hithol- spoko harshly of his absont son-m-law.' oonsuring m.no light terms bis ' Conduct in tho mattpr, whilst making ovory ailowanoo on Bethany's sido for the ehip» wreck Which had Bwainpod their brief wed- \- ded joy. It' was afterwards that she loarnod thatJtihri Coring hod gOno to Nestwood in i: , 'ordflrifpossihlo to arraign youug Thorrt- tiii l-'flyko and to hoat'by Word of mouth what . - .BaqUhndto say forhiinsolfi But tho yco- i man liOd found tho Ealing cottngo shut up, I tho scranta 'gorib. uwaj-, and; nohndy at. I llomo.' As ho turned to loavo tho garden H , nndtwM oloring tho Wooddn gatoSi .ho: con- H ;';!M'fwhtod-;dnoid Womau'Who had a" jug cf I ' - boor in ono hnnd and a latch-koy in tho A , She' said, slid,; wos.'.thO caretaker, ' 'rl 'ipufa -tboro in chnigo by, tho young master B /," bimtolf, who, sho' boiioyed, had gono down I r v> to live WithhisiraC'b at Nightingale Court, . ; down in tho countiy somewhere. Anyhow," & : any Ic t rs iind things which had como .for hiin lately had bcon sont on to liim tliorc, sho know, So John Goring bad inado his w'i,y across tho uommon to tho station, caught a (rain for toWO, and from King's Cross wont down to Flockfon Kino. Thnnco tho solitary ancient fly convoyed him iu timo t» Night- ingalo Court. A similnr answor licro how ever greotcd tho yeoman's quest— ho was lionplusod at tho Court as ho had boon at Ealing cottugo. Tho family wo to from i homo. It appoarod that immediately after tho tunoral of Captain Thorndyko, who. hud boon laid to rest in tho sepulchre of his forefathers under their groat gray mauso leum in tho Biso churchyard, Sir Honry, ' Miss Thorndyko, and Mr. Earlo bad gone abroad— to Hamburg and othor Gorman watoring-placcs, for tho boneflt of Sir Honiy's gout, Tho change would ho liko- wiso beneflciat to Mr. Earlo, Miss Thorn dyko hoped | and, as tho tamo would oxnet- ly fit iu with Mr. Basil Thorndyko's summor holiday, ho had accompaniod his undo and cousins abroad. Kemp the butler was a shrewd old family sorvant, highly respectable and rospoctful, and ho hnd at onco divined who the ; strongor. was. Thorofore ho mada no toforence to tho ab- sencoof Mrs. Basil Thorndyko, though ho. lot fall incidentally a few words touching tho Colonel. Eridontally this gentleman was in no wise popular with tho retciiiors at Nightingalo Court J for it soomod that Colonol Thorndyko had tho undignified triok of appearing upon tho ' premisos' and looking in on the household at nil sorts of odd tinle.without a warning Word of his intaratiou andwhonever ho was least, ex pected, pokioghis big rnby nose inquisi tively in horo staring with his protuberant fiery old eyes in there ; but with ' all' his' pottering and . spying about tho plaoo he war not tho master of it yet— porhupsnevor Would bo— and nobddy took ' tho slightest notico of him: ' And it soomod too that the Colonol swore a good doai at tho indiffonico thus displnyod towards those Jriak-iri-the- box-liko visitations of his | but had words fortuuatoly hurt nobody. Kemp hopod in- doed that it might bo many a long year boforo they lost so good' tt Master as Sir Henry.- Everybody honoured him. Nota soul was tlioro at tho Court that did riot sympathiso with tho kindly ; ohl .' tadstor in tho destruction of .his. hopes.' as regarded Mr. Earlo. Kemp wa's sorry Mv. Goring was pressed for timo ; ho would in a' no- ment j$t for . bin anything ho might tanoy sis- tho way of refreshment cfter: his joiirnoy, if ho would only say- tho ' woi-d. No f Well, IComp. would ho sure not to fofj-et to ; mention that. Mr. - Goring - hnd called on Mr. llnsil when ho wrote liis ttookly letter to Sir Ilonry ; and Sir Honry of como would toll his nophow. So tho yeoman took his lonvo. When Bet any heard this, sho cried, with many a toar— ' Oh, don't quorrol with him, father. If you do, I shall nevor see hioi aguin. His nngor is so deep and silent, as a rulo, you do not know it ; and ho would bo silont for I ovor aftorwards. If you quarsoi with him I am euro ho will never como near ma enr ' more, and— and, father, I want so much to soo him soon I I must seo him suon, fathor, or I shall dio I' 'Myown dm ling, my li'tlo daughter,' said tho futhor sadly, do you rcmotnbor what I told Basil Thorndyko whon I gavo you into his care ? I said 'lint, if ho was not always kind to you, that, if ho ovor ceased to lovo you or caused you ii mo ment's pain, I should norer forgiva him ; and I moant it, Bothnr.y.' ' Yes, dear, I know ; but then ho bus always boon ' kind to mo— always ; and — and I may havo caused hiiu a goad deal of pain, you boo, at— at different times. A1 uny rate, ho has not ceased to lovo mo, I am certain of. that. It could riot ho. No, , dear father, do wait.a littlo whilo yot— just n littlo whilo— and soon — porhnps to-day, perhaps ' by-nnd-byo— who can toll ? — ho wlll-writo to you or me;' - 'My dear, child,1 my. littlo. Tomtit, you musl not distress yourself in this'munnor. It ij wrung and agiiirist th'o dobtor'e ordors, and, bcsides. it hurts mo', to. seb you: cry, Tomtit. ; Weill lot fho ranttor rast .awhilo, it you prisfer it. ,Wo witl do whatovor yo wishi'- " . ' Father, dear, :I have not boon altogether blameless, you know,' sho sobbed ponitont- Iy. ' It -was right perhaps that ho ehoula ho angry with >ino at first— just- at first,, but— but riot- to tho oxtont of— ot— - — ' 'He bos been too liard on you, my dar ling,' said tho yoaman firmly, holding' hor small white band within his' strong rough palm; ' whatever ho tho fault you have committed. You woi-o tuy own littlo daugh ter; and ho shonld havo . understood that you worn incapablo of doing aught in your lifo to earn so storn n punishment. ;. "It is rxoellout to havo a giant's strongth; but it is tyrabnous to use it liko n giant." . How ever, Tomtit, wo'll say rio mbro about it at pisseut, until you are stronger Wo'll forgot it;' and Bethany, -with hor- faco turned asido among tho pillows, hnd only moaned in reply— oblivion, she know, would . not como at command. ! . ; -The tremulous shafts ot tho- westering suu wore falling aslaut qn tho rose. wreath- ed window whan Bothuny at longth opened her languid oyes. Old Dobbio, in familiar black yoko bonnet and short lavcr.dor print gown, sat opposite to hor in tha sunlight, rogatding liqr with, tho gravo conconiodair of a privilogod nurse. ' Ah, Debbio ' — stretching out her limp lily-hand—' thoy liavo lot you como up, tlion ? I did not hcur you,' 'I thought you was usloep, (loalio, so I camo iu very softly,' said old Dobbio. No, iudocd, Bethany protested, with a dim littlo smile, sho was not nstosp, sho was suro, though it was possible sho might havo boon dreaming with hor oyos hnlf closed, if Debbie could undorstund that. And Dobbio said with a solemn shako of tho quilted poko— 4 Doario mo, what a ghost you do look, to bo euro. Miss Bethany— fur " Miss Be thany" nnd nothing olso you must alius bo toino! And how tho timo slips br! Why itis getting on now for six weeks or moro silica that day when you como and tumbled down all of u heap, dazod liks, iu my kit chen 1 And what an insido turn-over yon gavo mo ! And thoro, it 1 live to ho as old as Methusolum boforo tho flood, I alius siys to myself, I noror shall forgot tho msstor'n faco, poor goiitlomen, when I tiod on my bonnot and ran across tho meadows and told him as his pretty young daughtor, that was only married a twolvouionth 'ago como noxt November, was a-lying tliero'ori my hod at homo at the very door. o': death, as you may say. Dear, doar, what n eet- about thoro wos. And whon thoy comn arid fetched you away in a shut-up carringe,-' I novor, never thought to soo yori again alivo my dear; that I novor did.' Old Dobbio prolonged her visit till past tea-timo, rambling on with much enjoy- mont about many iloloful things, and when sbo wont away wall 'sqtisBod'in tho twilight oho eaiil— ' Woll, ho was a nico young gentleman; I must say— ono of tho . nicest I ever came aoross ; hut thoro, tho bost. and nicest of tliem. I suppose, hnve.their quips nnd fan cies. Mankind bo tarrablo uncortoin nnd difiioult to' ui'nnage, ami nuthirig 'II ploasc thom or is good enough for them Bomo- tiinos. It seems mily tho othor day ns I filing tho rilo shoo after ye both for good luck, nml now- Wqll, .well,' Debhio broko off, hunching up . her shouldora ex- prossivoly arid tying hor houiiet-stringa tho whilo, ' 'tis n. world o sorrow at tho best; and nowandngnra'tko.' young, qnos among us find it put 80onor than tho: old onoa do But when all's said ' niid'dond; 'tis th'oXord' will; He knows host, it's right to bolievo. Truo cnough.itjis my own. qmor old dclu IubsoU ho wnll»pod.;mo' onoo, years an' yoars gono by,' said old Dobbio mourn fully, ' whon ho was a stripling and I' was a lass ; but thou, I roinombor, I desbryod it I aggravutod his nnturo till ho oouldn't bido still in his ohnir, I romombcr, till nt lust ho up and wnllopod mo wall for niy pains ; and I was all tho bottor nnd wisor for it aftorwards. It novor happened twico — there was no call for it. So good night, Miss Bethany doario, and God bloss you 1' Thou old Dobbio wiped hor oyos with her black bannot-strings nnd wont hor homo- ward way norocs tho meadows. CHAPTER XXIX. Svuili Mxrku.ui oftou camo ovor from Fieldfare to sit for an hour or two with Bethany in thoso convalescent days, which soomod to hor so intorminublo and so dull with nothing whatovor to do from morning until night. Novels no longor interested hor, though sho dippod into ono occasion ally; tho ''half-mourning question was settiod nt lost ; ' tlio dogs, with all their lilort affection, could not talk to lior, hard ns thoy tried soinotimos ; ' and so — lair futhor boing much away just now in tho distant biirldy-fiolds, . and Hulduh and cousin Liza groatly occupied with house hold matters down-stairs, riot tho loust among which, as of yore, was tho constant replenishing of tho wot woodon bottlos at tho collnr-flapin tho court-yard hard by tho kitchon door— Bothnny grow woary of sitting olono in hor ploasnnt old bow-win dow up-stuirs riiul wutohiiig all day tho green lundscopo glimmciing through tho. soft blue hnzri. Thoroforo' Sybil camo oyor whouovor sho could, . arid, prattled of old timoo and of Mr. Bub Brdwuo. : 'Tho wedding is to ho slioi-ly, you know — souio timo boforo Christinas.' Bob will not wait,' sho 'announced, Mushing and laughing, oho afternoon. Indeed, dear, so soon ?' (aid. Bolhaiiy, with hor -won littlo suiilo. 'Well, I liopo sincerely that you will bo happy, 8ybil— huppior than — — I havo been' sho was on tho brink of saying; but sho stoppod in timo nnd 'substituted, ' Happiurthon any body ovor was boforo.' "Thank you 1' cried" Miss' Marfcham, in hor airy :wuy. ' Siuco . bvil wishos risvor prosper— so thoy shy— good wishes, on tho contrary, ohorild always como true. I am su'ro T shall bo as 'lm'ppy as tho day is long. Bob is so good and unselfish, you know.' Sho had tried' froquoritly; by various bhmdishmonts, to gain in full tho confi- poncoof Bothuuy on tho dolioato subjeot of- hor gnovanco with Basil and hoi', sorry .retui-u to licr father' house. But, clcri-ily- as Sybil anglod, sho fishod without', succoss. Bathany. was not to bo' entrapped into an admission.of. any sort touohing tho tragedy which had blightod her joy and sevorud hor from the ono she hold doarest on earth. Qor father mid Hulduh and cousin! Liza know alt about her trouble— that was enough; there was no reason why tkoatory should bo.puhlishod from tho houso- tops of Stratton, which undcsirablo event would spootly follow, onco lot tho roal fasts, bo plncod within tho kon of Sybil, Wo hovo qunrrolloil ; I can toll you no moro,' Bothany said quietly one day, with a far-away look in' her ponsivo eyes as thoy foil bonoath tho staro of hor inquisitive companion and rostod on' tho lovoly dim liluo of tho horizon. 1 It was bost, I sup- poso, that wo should part— for a whilo at loast. It will bo ail right agaiu bctwoou us— hy-and by.' ' I hopo so, I'm suro,' said Sybil hoartily, yot eoorotly resenting Bothany's invineiMo iesorvo. ' It must bo iiidood wrotokod work quarrolliiig with ono's husband almost indcod boforo tho honoymoon is over. On another occasion Sybil eaid abruptly,' yet not perhups without a notion of alight ing upon something' interesting by. tho suddenness of - hor dc'sconi in this diroction Bethany, thuatqken unawares, Bho thought, might ..bo . precipitated into involuntary oonfessidn, Binco cajoley and nrtifico : had uliko.failod tooffoct tho dosirod ond— 'Oh, Nightingnlq Court, tho Thorndyko's placb iri'Hortfardshiro— it. must be a grand old bouso from all 1 boar about it ! ; Isn't' itf How you must havo nnjoyod jt all, doar.'whon you wore thoro 1' . ' . ' ' 'I did, 'said Bothany dreamily.. 'Itiaa lovoly old house, nnd v-nnd they woro every-, thing that was uico to mo: whon I first wont amongst .them nil ns a atrangor. I did not feel liko a strangbr long.' ' Humph I' said Miss Markham; with' !n; waggish twinkle in thocoraor of hor oyes: ' Bothnny doar, how funny it ' would be if ono of thoso days you should find yourself Lady Thorndyko and mistress of that swag ger pluoo ! ; How would you liko it — oh? Basil— Mr. Thorndyko, of couiso, I moan —is next 'door to' tho hoir, or somoibirig very liko it now, is ho not >' ' : . 'You are talking nonoonso, Sybil.:' I havo novor thought . ohoiit hbirig Ijiidy Thorndyko 1. 1 huvo no wish to iio. If— if you know — umlorstood — you would riot say suoh things ; you would not — ' Should I,i dear ? . Oh, well, nevor roindl Still, if you ovor. should ho. donlt you know -nnd Ihoro's no tolling what may happen — I hopo you won't feel -too- proud nnd oxnllod to como nnd seo inolhor rit Fioldfara sometimes; rind hBiib: arid me arl Stratton. , Wo shall havo,. tho 'e' ito ouffl uamo— do not forget that. :;.We shall bono I common Browns', when wo aro marriod.' I ' I.wish you wonld riot bo'so silly, Syifl you'rsally tiro ono. with your sonsslsss talk. | iLrimnot jokirigmgl yriu do indeed!' .1 'Do I, darling? I am sorry, t Thonl'Il I go away. Oh, hut do yon . know— I must l toll you you ' . About u month cr so ago,! whon Bob caino over to Fioldfaro bnofl evoning, ho brought a socioty ' papqr with I him; I forgot which— JrsfA.I think. I However, iii orio of tho.. paragraphs thoro I was something about tho Thorndyko fam ily- . : . To It Cnniinursl. / 