HSHEEHAIT STILL ALIVE. Tbe tipsters were floored to a man by The Skipper ; but bold, one public writer, j ' Nemo,' to wit, tipped Hor&ern;'s black in tbe ' Sydney Mail.' The Skipper's win was as great a facer for public form followers as was Paris' in the ssme race a year or two back. People with good memories will re member Paris' lailare in the Caulfield Stakes of '92. Camoo!a carried 141bs Denaltv. and won in a canter ; Spokesman, 9st lib, was second, aud Paris, 9st 41b, eighth. However, Paris carried Sat Sib and won the Caulfield Cup in a canter, and Spokesman, Sst 4lb, finished down the coarse. . Kuenaif gave hie brothsr, Patron, 31b, and beat him for the Uelbourne Stakes, but Patron returned tbe compliment by presenting bis elder brother (Bnenalf) with 241b and a sound beating in the Melbourne Cap. So reach for the value of w.f.a. form as a guide for picking. a haadicif. 1 aai going to ofier a prize to any idiot wbo can reconcile w.ia. form with handicap form. The prize will be one of my photo taken at the finish of a day in which I . haven't fonnd a winner, and it will be nicely mounted with calfskin. Ihe first four in the Hetrop. all boasted descent from F isher- man. True Blue is oat of a St. Leger mate, and his dam is by Bobinson Crusoe. Bes ponse is by Bichmond, a grandson ol Fisher man : and Sam is by Trident, a son of Bobin son Crusoe. The Skipper being the winner I pnblith bis tabulated pedigree. iJJ: Ki6beni*n (U) ^ Angler (!) ' | MfirckJoocss bv Melbourne u 5 ? -12 ? 9* _ Btockueii ^ j ^ S Ohrysoiitc ^ ? ? ? -Jtijiet l-y TonchstQUt* (14) T2 i Hi-'rmii ^6) by Newiuiiihier hB »h- - 8 ) 52 ''-IMiinieji (£) « = ^ h? Pclion (11- ® E KugTum (3j by fiatkewny «-3 * -1} ^ Daagbt cr of Simshiue by Thormaaby (4^ The Skipper was bred at St Albans. Coil boasts a doable strain of Fisherman, Old Glo' is oat of Tatters, by Bobinson Crusoe from Bagpicker, by 'Fisherman. Sabretache's sire, Cuirassier, has a dash of Fiahermarff aad Ths Mute, sire of Chris, also has a strain of tiie great son of Heron, whose memory' was kept pretty greem by his descendants on \- Metrop day. That fine horseman, Jim Gongh, broke his bad lack in the last race with Boyal Hose. After they ' started Jim's whip got caught in tbe Snr of another jockey, so Jim abandoned e 'flail,' and borrowed another from a friendly rider while the race was progress ing. The horses in this race were too quick for Gray's starting machine, and they caught the web before it had time to fly oat of reach, Coage was the greatest sufferer by tiie accident, and his rider was lucky he wasn't dragged off. Bad the web got out of the way of the horses, Cosee wonid have won without a doubt, as he was only beaten i a short head. THE BE&S7; SETTLED. Thursday was a very interesting day, in asmuch as Newhaven and Coil were billed to decide the V.B,C Derby question in tbe Craven Plate, with each a good old 'on as Hopscotch to see fair play. Excitement . ran very, high, and thongh the boob asked ffor prohibitive odds, Coil and Hopsootch didn't lack friends at the quoted price. As usaal, the latter went off at score, and the Derby colts waited behind. They closed witfe the big chestnut at the three- furlong post, bat before the distance was readied the issue was beyond a doubt, and New haven jost cantered in and ran the ten.f or longi iu 2min 9 sec at his ease. At thedir . tanee Ooil bad Hopscotch in trouble, bnt t'.ne big fellow ran on undaunted, and Eeo-jre(i second moaey. With a knowledge of '^ew. haven's excellence in his mind, M r dedded to pull Hopscotch ont ia « .position to True Blue in the Wycombe Stat good judgment was rewarded, „ the ble fellow fairly strode away w?di the nice. His performance stoengtheneO. Newbaven's tisims on the V.B.C. Derby ta0me mot% Hopsootch s form wts r-hjTed cood by Besponse in tb^ Ifet race, which she won nukaiomelja £B3?0HSE AT Lis? EE3P0NDS. , J* my memory is not 'at fault Besponse bas been three years in New South Wales, and the only race which -came her way was the Grafton Handicap, Ua which ehe beat a mob of leather-fiappers in a canter. Most of her old supporters were afraid to back ber in the City Handicap because they thought the mare was bewitched, and it was impos sible for her to win ,- bat thanks to Huxley's fine riding, she at last pulled her owner through, and no more excited man ever breathed than Dan O'iirien when she made ' ter sensational run at Bedavni, who came very nigh enriching tiie books. However, be worked out tbe public form of tke meet ing and proved that .Morocco's defeat of Le. Var was no fluke. Fisherman (11) m UsrlbynongT (3) ? . \- ' Bose de Florence, by Plying tO o Pntohnmp (3) ' ^ | ItE Premier -*), by Torjbor »§ ^ S The Pawn V . KilaEin*, by Harks way (!) :t! , ? g : Stockwell (3) g Oountryman (-) by PyrrlmB lit ? (3- ^ 5 Cosa § kliss Eeilop Stronity, byiS»untei«r(S7) WORK FOR THE DOCTORS. The Hurdle Race was a chapter of sad accidents. Hotspar came to grass first, and his example was followed by Namo, but the latter hadn't the excuse of a hurdle to account for his stumble. Llena was follow ing in Namo's wake and came a terrible purler over the Newcastle horse, and James Keighran, her rider, lay stiff and dead in his tracks, and in such a manner as to lead the onlookes to believe he was killed. But he came around in the casualty room and re- cognised several of his friends. He was at once conveyed to the hospital. Much sympathy was expressed for Keighran's mis- fortune as Jim is a steady and reliable man and is a credit to his profession. Gold-j stain cam* a cropper at the Kensington hurdla, aad Cornet fell over hltu. Gold- , etaia's rider, MeCrow, had his collar-bons j broken by the fall, bat none of the others were hurt. These falls left Mertigal with a clear tald, be wo* by 100 yards. Glare, who is bred oa ths dam s side like Charge, won the Suburban Handicap handsomely from. Astrouoiaer and Bose Kobla, two high prioed failures. Massmata was a public favorite, but he nevar troubled tke field or hi* friends. Superb showed plenty of pace to the distance, Oct that far fonnd him ont. Loch Leigh wss coming great gnns at the half-distaaee, bnt Superb ran slap Into hitn and bnmped hii chance away. THE 3VQEBKFIELS BIKES Tbe DuckenSeld sins, Emselly and Tbe Anstralian Peer, are open to tbe public this sesson at ths very moderate fees of 12 and 16 guineas respectively. Bnsselly is a beautifully bred hone, and his table runs on lines that have been proved to be of excep tional value in hngland of late. His dam, 6teppe, haa done wonders in tbis country, and ehe left Leeds (a fall brothsr to BusseUy) behind her in England to fight for the family honor, and he did It too ta the tune of something like CO races. Bnsselly himself was a top notcher in his rasing days and won, among many othetjgood races, our Doncaster Handicap, for which he carried 9st. j Tne Biron (24) by Binl catcher (111' Stockwell (3) i £ PocthonUt by Glencoe (1) ! y ; « Teddington (S) by Orlando j! (18) ^larigold | ? paogbter of Rfttim (9) | | bird catcher (XI) : « Hercules (2). . Sftunterer (97) CD -|3- Etmtri by Bay MidrtJeton ; 0 is ? -iii ? ? ? ^ j ^ Ta-lmor (12) by Ion (4) j® Seclnsiou ? ? MigsSellon by Cowl (S). t The fact of Busselly being out of a half sister to Hermit, one of the greatest of Eng land's sires, ought to weigh with breeders, especially, those possessing Boodee mares, or mares by any of Chester's brothers, as tbat cross has nicked so far in Patriot, who is out of a 5 mere— Bangle — who comes from I Chanoinesse, a full sister to Hermit. j TEE AUETSALIAN PEES The Anstralian Peer's doughty deeds under colors are too fresh to need mention from me, aud the deeds of his son, Noble man, pretty well proves that he is as able to get racehorses. This time last year Noble man won the Metropolitan like a racehorse, carrying a thnmping weight, and only the other day a filly of the Peer's— Orpah, wbo, by the way, has been sold for big money to Ike Foulsham— showed first-class form in a two- year-old race. She certainly was beaten by Patriot, but it must be remembered that she was left at the post. Own en of valuable mares need have no fears for their welfare at Duckenfield, as the paddocks there take some beating for grass. Mares will be met at Morpeth if dne notice is forwarded to Bales Bros., Duckenfield. r ^ Melbourne (1) by H. Clinker 5^ . The Peer (2) (8j c* 2 qj Oinxelli by Touchstone (14) ®| ? Q* S Tradnoer (20) by Tbe libel £ Lnriioe (14- Hermaid by King Tom (3) - OS [Sweetmeat (21) by Gladiator Smrf (**) Macaroni (14) OS c? looose bffWitalooD (17) 0 O — ? I Stocfcwe.ll (3) © I . J A-nrmym* P Mltslasrah by Don John (5) Tha strongest line ia. the Peer ia the if (Oldfield mare), and experience has taught studmasters to rely a daal«n this line, as it has produced some gnat sires — notably Touchstone and Xaccaroni in England, aud Darebln and Grand Flaneur in this country. Little notice wttA be taken of The ipeer's number (21), arj it is backed up by Tramp (3), Brnntandcrf (11), and Blackloclc (2). Sweetmeat is also a 21, and bis sire, Gladia tor, a 22, bnt ths latter is by Partisan (l)i a aon of Walton ( 7), and hia grandsire is Sir Peter (3). Sweetmeat's dam, Lollypop, is by Voltaire (12) (by Blacklock, 2) front Be linda by. Blacfclock, so she is incestously bred to the grratast « running' stock in tbe book. a Departed hbeo. By thr- 4aath of Maloa (S) Anrtralia. has sufferad a national low. A» a raoehoree he hai had few, if any, peers in Australia, and at the stud he imparted mnch of bis great sjjeed and. s tan-Ana to his stock. Maloa won the Melbourne Cup With Ost 91b oa his back, and tbe /lOitraliam Cnp with the same weight up, at»er he had cantered away with the Ade ^iide Cup, aid beaten Le Grand in the New market. When lit wis thodgbt to be done be .Won this Grand National Bmdle'Bsce ; and, with Tom Hal«s ih. tkeaaddle, mada one more 'positively list appea&nce;' in the Geelmg Cup, before be retired into private life He won tbat raee, but I forget whether he was tried again before he went to the stud. He boot a If el bourne Cup winner in Malvolio, and a Newmarket winner in Ma lnma, who is now in Kngland. Many other winners claim the hairy- legged Tasmanian as sire, but just now I can only remember Arfhi, who won the Maribjrnong Plate for Mr Justin McSwfceney. AUSTRALIANS IN I^DIA Onr old friend Jade o' Lantern has been gathering in the rupees in the land of rice, and gathering them to some tone, inasmuch as be captured the three principal handicaps at Colombo last August. He won the Go vernor's Cup, one mile, lOst 51b, beating Re pudiation, Norbert, and Master Walter. The next race that fell to ' Onr Jack,' as Steve Ward dabs him, wss the Fort Plate Handi cap, carrying list 61b, Norbert and Be pudiation being again in the beaten lot The Turf Club Plate, 2 miles, worth 3000Bs, was bis final, Norbert acting aa rnnner-np again. Wanes* and Come well, late of Sydney, audi won m ram at the meeting. The latter carried 10s 1 111b in his own class, and won in a cuter: imna srnBBBfeV TWflMATIONE. At -he invitation of Mr Sam Hordern, about 100 gentlemen interested in the breed ing of ths tlunouglibrtd, attended at the Quarantine Station at Band wick on Friday, to bo introduced to the blood stock selected by Mr Michael Pawer in England. This first shown was Meridian, the bean ideal of a blood mare. 6be is of .great length, and at least Iff binds; broad across the hips, great barrel and shoulders; and the whole set oS %i& a lovely imtelligent and aristocratic head. Beside this bigb caste dame r ans a splendid oolt foal (16 weeks old), by Morion (5). Meridian Ul^r Harden (2) from Suart «*e (l-, by Bl«ir Athrt(10) from aih.«— ^ by Buccanoer (ii-. The next niuaded was a beautiful, level and splendidly crown filly (two-year-old) by Prince Budolph aw-ata m f ull tfster tit fit Simon and dun IfOnnk Thrfetl»bfillies— Meridian is bnt 4 afcaWgg lUttabytiie manyjmiges prasSit tife tit ihe gt&dest; mares ever &TO; $ W AS* «ilavirft«eiai*]bsitter &&& M .hetter fwJnro^, or mors aristoetatic stallion since Yatimdei/i^ an oJd brerfer, whaee ?Mond tblghs, Itito, riba ahd shoalSea we aeldom iet in ?*** aad IA a pHftOK Hint' tabulated wfltoee «$!««?& la Skfsb. some four weeks bacV. Space forbnlc me enthusing over tbis beautiful horse, as 1 want spare room to enthuse over Gigne, who, though not Haut Brion's equal in looks, holds a much better pedigree and oue just teeming with ?ire blood — tbe blood that made Panic, Grand Flaneur, Touchstone, Macxroni, Saraband, Grandmaster, Darebin. tbe king of all American sires, Leamington, Wild Oats, The Libel, Buccaueer, and Tram pator, all of whom spring from the same source. Some day, when I am short ; of 'copy ' I will wade in and prove that Gigue it tbe best of the pair— on breeding— but just now 1 will b: content with giving his lines. He is by St Simon (11) ont of Dance away (14), by Doncaster (5, Son of Stock well, 3) from Scotch Beel, by Scottish Chief (12) from Masquerade, by Lamborne (14) from Burlesque, by Touchstone (14) from Maid of Honor, by Champion (3) from Eti quette, by Orville (8). TO HY CORRESPONDENTS. I am always very glad to hear 'from my readers, and always sorry to disagree with them. I bave received many letters daring the week— I guesi about 200— concerning the running of various horses, but only six, in my opinion, are worth answering outright. Unfortunately however, space is limited, bnt \- Butcher's Block,' ' Ghost of Scarr,' and 1 Dandy Dick,' may find something to meet their views in the report of the A.J.C. Meeting in another column, and while agreeing with ' A Backer of Bakarock ' and 'The Owl,' in the main, I must say that the grounds for a denuncia tion are very slender, but an opportunity may occur later to get even on the offen ders when my ground is secure. If such opportunity does come, 1 will fret there with both feet and make up for past suspicions. 