[?] [?] SjN^^ij--'- ? . . T * *. AUSTRALIAN STOiR¥ £li|atiirai & Supernatural, \- ? OT HI -0EimXTB HAMILTON, M.S., T.B.C.6. mai : ~ CHAWBB XJt. — (OoimxuED.) ' '''Oh, Mr. Barton,' she said, 'telimeif 4oaMve anything on your mind ! You Trill |/^Jiav© a partial judge, I think,' she added, \ fr-yjtfi o .wan «mile. ** Oar burdens become ^.Jighfcer when we have a friend beside us. f^And X «w yonr and yon have bought ? - '^rcttn my gratitude all a 'woman can bc jfitOW. . 'It -waa tJajn CTtPinHng and sookcn in all , /fiinoerity. Barton felt the truth of the aromas, and he was xnoved to his inmost ? ???'. tool. ?'Good Heavens V he said, 44 if I only dare ' with such a past to hang like a mill-stone , ? round my neck.*' Then 'with vrith a sort of j ' fury in his voice : ' Tou do not know \rhat you pay Listen. I don't know myself. My past is but a hideous dream, with every holliBh phantom dancing in mockery through my mind. I am the sport of a fiend. One moment I seem to grasp some recollection and cling to it like a drowning Bailor to a slippery rock, and again a new idea springs \- s«ip equally vivid and equally tangible, and ' the two cannot be true. 'What is it all, yon \- nrill say. I don't know, can*t know — and ' -no outi but- oneman can help mo and he wont. Heavens ! if I were to tell you the experience of the past few months — but no, I will not. /-God present: your memory, Miss Marsdcn. j , , 'With itgoesUfc.' : ? They walked on in silence, both bent on I their own thoughts. ' Ton will not lei me help you,' she said at last. 'Ah, itTs not fair,' (with a little ghost of a ymile.) 'I would if I dnre,' recovering himself; ?'but the secret of ray unhappy fcuieymust be borne by myself to the grave. That will come to finish all or explain all.*' '* ; He dare say no more, and he turned away without another word. Tho lady walked on i'*i? pondering all these strange things in her ? r heart. What forms of self-sacrifice presented 'themselves before her mind we cannot tell, but wo can imagine the wide bounds of a true woman's sclf- martyrdom. CHAPTER XXI. JJfXEOUBNE's J£ADKBSS. Melbourne was mad — stark , ra vin g-, ' 4 Kc w ' ' mad. Themaniaforspeculatinginrealcstate '. .. ixad sowed on the whole population like an . - ? epidemic disease. Tho pooplo had been long . prosperous and the capital of tbe country had marvellously increased, but had not increased , in any such proportion as the sanguine wishes of the Victorians had supposed. Legislation *?.. 'tad brought. people from all parts to the great city. These people had to find dwell ing-places. and buildings were run up in . every direction to accommodate tliem. Of course thin naturally mused a tremendous ' advance in the price of city and suburban -property, and when Jar^rc priccs vrore paid :^or a few allotments, men of the Wallace \- type could easily create a *? boom ' by pur chasing at a price ten times over the highest ; value. Ownersof property thought that they Tra.1 become williojinires without the least trouble on their part, and others rushed madly jnfrrt speculation with the hope of sharing in ? -^unexpected development. Many of tbe bants 'were bitten by the tarantula and actually ? * forocd the money on their customers or even on strangers. Building societies hardly knew what to do with the money which flowed into them frota all side.*, and no one but a \- ' . iool would stand aside and allow all tliis -' -wealth to glide past him without making a dutch to seize some of it. What a rattling, ? roaring time it was ! Everyone was to be rich; everyone was to have his own house and his own vine and fig-tree, and Victoria was ti become the garden of lid on — barring the innoccncc—of tho nineteenth ccutnry. Wallace was at the head of everything, and indeed — hardly understanding what was to such a large extent tbe work of his own or head — was inclined to believe in the reality of it all. Atonetimo he did believe in n half-hearted way and went on rejoicing. Then he recollected the very small basis on which it all rested, aud determined to make his hay 'while the sun was shining. Again he was drawn in. Some syndicate or other had to be formed ,nnd what chance was there of doing any cood unless 'Sir 'William '* was known to have a ' hand in it.*' ? Hp bought and he sold, but it was all on paper. Men bought for paper and incurred liabilities that they could never meet if they lived to the age of Methuselah, and then sold for paper to men as reckless and foolish as themselves. Whatever coin was going was supplied by banks 'which suddenly sprung up into mushroom' existence with the times. Wallace's companies took a new lease of iifo, H-Tifl he added to their number until'they were beyond even his comprehensive glance. His style of living bewuneeven more ostentatious : than ever. Hi* Toorak mansion was enlarged so that it rivalled the palace of a sovereign. ; His wifo.. Lady Wallace, was the leader of ' Society. Nothing could be done in town or ' r ' country without her at the head of it, and rr oertainly sho filled the position of 44 Lady .Bountiful' to admiration. She was a good 0 woman, and good women are too rare. ; * . Wallace and Lumsden were again closctted w together iirtfife office of the former just when ?J - 4he mruinftKB was at its height. They were ?. -* 1x-th perfectly well aware that the climax .- had been readied, and that if they were to be ;-'-~Bafctlievinust realise gradually. But that ^ ' was easier said than done. Paper has to *' mature no matter how good it may be. The oonference had been long and anxious. The two men looked haggard and weary. ; V;ftf7niey liadwimmoncd a spirit from the vasty . ^eop, and had forgotten the Abracadabra i t which could control him. There were many | flings to be carefully considered — many con V v^ingienaesto be anticipated. They had sue- . b'z iceoded iii quadruplying their assets, but they 1 ^;-!fcad been forced into incurring liabilities ijmnrfi greater, and some of these had to be ,**'? ^nct substantially in cash, or the fabric they gg^iad Ukim euuh trouble in building would fvC!«aanc tumbling about their oars like a house Sv ^f cards. j£v..- ' ' ** I -don't seo what we can do,' saidXums ^;i .^eu, throwing himself back into his chair. That confounded bill of Hampton's must j L^V.'i-e jnct by hook or crook, and the Victoria ^£*rill require solid mahogany .** j 44 That doesn't matter in itself, ' saidWal ^ Jaoe, 'if we could only sec beyond. There Sw1!® inwards of £100,000 in value in that safe .^ lhat9could he turned into so-*creigns or as gvr^ooiji6 sovereigns in half on hour.* ' §fe^4*Thc ?douoo there is!' said his friend. P^'Whatln the name of common-sense hove i been humbugging about, then, with ^^en'ough°in hand to float us for a gen era - -Tiro very small eonademtaoxu. First, I fcr^rjiave only ^ -daim oa some twelve or fifteen ' ^r-thouaand tif 4t, nnd second, although tho rest joot my jown and may be--called for any ^^^Bnent, I ^ve xnado nso of it already for ^%ui'^dvanbe .iwhon tho * Morcatorial ' re it^rill tave to go for the again, so far as I can see/' said Sin't'bDen long baok,' 1 replied Wal 'saypoae that doesn*t matter. ^BSh1gie'8miEUer emu Z bave something of a ^^M^nJ^ftii^ieaaTOjjysrf'Aooupleof miners i ^^MS^avi^t to- mie jor in vestment, and I ] do better than invest itin ; 1 ^Diey.^taTe ..been w«Il with thraidividends up to tho anon laughed heartily at the ^9^^gi-rfectii0;lrifl^ d£ndends, and then . '^Tou haven't told me where the test came {Mb*** 4 4 Well, there is a . bit of a mystery about that t panH get at the ^bottom of. It was left here by the Indian— prince ho said he was-rfor safe keeping. You. met him Ithink in Toorak one evening. He has drawn upon tne twioe or three times, but only for com paratively small sums, from Dunedin . and Xaunoeston, but that is all I -have to ledger against since ho brought the stuff one evening with something' like socrecy. He me he would give me fair nolioe before Ihe withdrew it. I don't know why he said so, but at any rate I trusted to receiving notice ftnil -have made good use of the treasure— indeed, if things six months ago hadn't taken a decent turn I half fancy I should bave made a permanent loan of it, but there was no necessity, and I don't think there is any now. We can always have time to torn about after receiving his notice.' 'It will have to go to tbe vaults of tho \- Commercial ' to-morrow, I think,' said Inunsden. 44 Things aren't over bright in the sonth, I can tell you. The Saving's Bank deposits hardly keep ub afloat, and Carney has been 4 booming' it up too loud. Wc were both dipped in a couple of speculations pretty heavily, and ready money is over scarce with lis.' 'Hang Carney and you both!' cried Watlaoe in a rage. 44 You'll spoil the whole fbmg by your folly. The bottom I tell you every day is faiockod clean outof the 4 boom,' aod will soon be 4 devil take the hindmost,' and the hindmost I tell you again will come an eternal smash. If wo can spin through for a few months we shall come out with fly ing colors and full bags, but if you and Carney play tho dencc now we'll be blown sky-high. Can't you have a little bit of common-sense V* 41 Oh, a very few thousands will keep us square all round, so long as the people bring in their savings and the borrowers pay up their dues. I can always shut up the direc tors. and the auditors dam't quick. Very little of the ready money will bo enough, and you can let us bave it now.' 44 Well, you know how I stand with all these companies. Wc have bled the 4 Mor catorial ' almost dry of cash. I havo been disappointed, I tell you at once, in many of my expectations, but I am sure with time we could pull straight, but we'll want time and nothing else will do. ? Time will 6tcady matters, and the margin of profit we count on j will bring us in straight. There is enough j and more than enough to do it, but we may turn out the 4 donkey between two t tools.' One thing is certain, you must have no more speculation. You have had quite enough of it, and it is as well for you to keep in mind that any further speculations you indulge in will be at your own risk, and your cbancc of making anything from them is of the smallest. The bottom is out of tbe 4 boom/ I tell you.' 44 I'll take your word for it. The road out of tho present state of affairs must run through your safe. There is nothing cUc for it, becausc to realise now would be madness, and these bills must be met or there will be ruin nil round.' '? You are right enough there, and I doubt I see some trouble ahead with the ' Mer catorial.' Once ever there is a breath of suspicion the crash will c oute and nothing on earth will stop it. If we can keep straight, as I said before, wc can manugc in a couple of months and make splendid profits as well. Time is all we want, and we must have that stony price. ICow, this is wlutl I shall do. This Hulim Haki left tbv money with ine on the £olc condition that lie would have it when it was demanded. He made tliv law papers devilishly nxjuto for himself, 1 pro mise you. I har.Nv thought be would have bad the nour-o to do so but he did. He did not, however, bind my hands as regards using it, and tho whole consequently will gu to the vaidt* of the bank as security for an advance to meet those bills, but on tho condition that it is kept inbiet until redeemed. Darn the money ! — I don't know that it has benefitted me much . I always looked back to it when I speculated, aud the temporary possession piaffe me nit my fingers to the boue uidess it turns up trumps now — at any rale there is enough to pull us through fflr the present, and if wc our p?gs in all straight there : will be easy going in the future.' [ 4-Dott't be sure of that, old man. The : whole city has been bitten, and if one of these inf- titutiCbh goes down the whole bagof tricks will be scattered in eternal smash. Kgud, I shake in my shoes myself. Between Carney and myself there is hardly a penny- piece in our eonevra. The safe is full of bogus securities, and any minute wc may have a blow up. I hove u few thousands laid hy if the ?worst comes to tho worst, but not enough to make things domestic hum as I always like them. 4 Phi/ * is a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive.' 44 Well, of course, I can't be sure of it, but wc both have the reputation of millions and wc can live on that for a short time even if times are bad. What we want, as I said before, is to feud off pressing creditors. Our bills arc maturing with frightful rapidity and must be met or everything is blown, i Now, this Indian money will give us a show. ! I shall have it in the 4 Commercial ' in a day or so and you can draw on me. How much will do you? You will have to make it as little as you can possibly do with, bocause it is ri?ky — mighty risky, I tell you.' 44 1 must have £10,000 at the very least. You had better run over and sec how we stand and then you can judge.' i 44 That's useless. I know well enough I how you stand generally.' ' ' What do rou think will be the result of it all?' 44 What do I think? Why, man, I know it will next door to ruin Victoria lock, stock and barrel. That don't matter, however, if wo can pull throuch ourselves. On my con science, Lumsden.' 44 Of course you mean as much as there is of it.' 44 To be sure I do— to be-sure I do. I was going to say something else. But I shall say that on my conscience or the partial con scicncc I wouldn't like to be in your shpes if there is an eternal smash. The old women * of the south will wipe you out with their dishclouts.' Lumsden shuffled a bit uneasily on his chair at the omen. 44 All right, man,' said he; 44 but let mo tell you while die old women are at work with me the men will be lynching you, and Egad, I don't know what T should prefer if I had ft -say in the matter.'* ? ' Pooh ! Pooh ! man, wc arc in Victoria and living in the Victorian age of the nine- ! tecnth century.' 44Faith,' said Lumsden, rising, 44only for , tbat safe over there and what's in it I should relish a change of quarters and wouldn't . bother about the age. You shouldn't jest in such serious subjects, Wallacc. An infernal old woman did bring roc to book the other day, and I had to shell out. Gad ! she gave me a fine taste, and now your mentioning the beldames brought her to mind. Good-bye, old man, Til sec you to-morrow early.' 44 Bo here as early as possible after ten. Haki's money must go, and wc must make the most of the time we ha\\*c. Be sure and come to our hop to-night. We must show a a bold facc no matter how things run. Good bye ! for the present.' The two men separated and Lumsden went his way. Wallace remained tho last man in the office, and did not leave until long after his accustomed hour. The gambler was calculating the chances of the dice. j ? ? ? I CHAPTER XXII. THE BAXL AT TOOJLlE. 44 Chiselhurst,' the Toorak mansion of Sir William Wallace, was the scene of much fuss and gay disturbanoe on the evening of the eventful ball. The road was thronged with carriages drawn up in line waiting with, i what patience 'they could their torn to drive np and leave their fair occupants at tho bril liantly lighted door of this hospitable man sion. The gates, grounds and house blazed with electric light, fountains flashed and gleamed with rainbow hues, skilfully thrown upon them by carefully designed lights ; -vrtiile inside the hall the most wonderful arrangement of ferns and flowers converted tho stately house into a fairy palace. At the top of the first reception-room stood Lady Marion and Sir . William Wallacc, smiling and chatting, beaming with wclcomo as they received their many jruasts and addressed to them the few society phrases and appropriate chit-chat which was all that could bo inter* changed -m so great a crowd. Edith had grown woaiy of it soma half hour previously and withdrew to an inner drawing-room, where 'the warm light fell fromTose-oolored globes and the eoented air, the waving palms and ferns, the sweet heavy' scent of raze and beautiful flowers all helped to lull the senses to a dreaming delight which the. slow music -3 the distant bill room only deepened instead of rousing. Edith found herself for a few moments alone, and, drawing near to one of the large bay windows half shaded by the soft, velvety curtains, she drew the blind and gazed oat at tho soft moonlit heavens. ' Ah, heaven,' she murmured, 'how lovely, how peaceful tho night \ and here how happy the faoes around me. Ah, me J shall I ever know happiness or pcacoagain. Why can I not still this eager longing for one step, Hub mad, insane desire to hear the sound of one voice, to fed the touch of one strong hand grasping mine with kindness. Yes ! that is just it, with kindncss it is and nothing else— yet I thought the last week or so ho looked with more gentleness ; he spoke with something of tenderness, of regret when he said that he should have soon to take a journey with the prince. Ah, that prince, what a dark, mysterious being he is — one glance of his piercing eyes is enough to send a shiver right through to my very soul. Is he George Barton's evil genius, as he some times seems to intimate ? What is the con nection between them P I fear — I fcor it is him I have to ♦b»TiV for the stale of George's mind towards mc. A glance from him and George seems to retreat within huusclf some where miles and miles from me- — and yet is not love the greatest power in the world ! I feel as if my love for George would bo strong enough to surround him like a child — to slay anv other power that would approach to harm him. Ah me, what a wild, foolish girl I am — and ho carcs nothing — nothing — ' She clasped her hands suddenly, and wrung them in her torture of mind as the strength and hopelessness of her love forcod itself on her attention. A deep sigh near her mado her turn sharply round to discover the object of her thoughts standing a little behuid gazing out at the night with a dreaming, far away air as if he was only half alive. *' Mr. Barton, I thought you were danc ing!' cricd Edith, scarcely knowing in her confusion what she said. 44 Dancing, dancing — what havo I to do with dancing ; that belonged to — to what — something or somewhere that I can't lay hold of in my mind do what I will — some time or place in my life, and yet trot it vuj life?' ?? Mr. Barton, you talk strangely at times, and yet when action is necessary you are quick enough, as I am never tired of remem bering,' she added in a soft and winning tone. It seemed to touch Barton into life for a moment. Advancing a step ho took her hand in a warm clasp, 44 Nay, Miss Marsdcn, you think too much of so simple a thing ; but I cannot say much about it since it has brought mc the friend ship and sympathy of so sweet a woman as voureclf, and I am so rough And plain a man that I cannot express to you all I wish to *' ' Yes, my friendship is yours, if that is of any use to you — friends in this world are not so plentiful I find, and in society it is a word of a hollow sound ; yet friendship, pure aud single-hearted, and kind thought never yet harmed anyone, and my life is so loucly a one, in spite of appearances, and will be al ways so, that my friends are few and far be tween. A faction of friendship, therefore, is not likely to be broken on my part — hands on't}-' she added, with a short laugh which verged very nigh to tears. Once more their hands met in a long clasp. 'Thanks, Miss Marsdcn — Edith may I say for once. This is, indeed, a thing to pri/-^ — a true, warm-hearted little friend ; but 1 forget I rnTr-*- to ask, at your sister's desire, if you will honor mc with this waltz. I foel as if I danood, and yet J am not cer tain !' ho cried, in an irritated kind of way* *? but you are so gentle that if I don't shape well you 'will pardon me, I know/' and drawing the hand ho still held through his arm, he maruhed off to the ball-room in the half -absent manner which seemed one of his chief characteristics. The softest dream&st; of waltzes M)unded through tho ball-room, and Edith soon found herself -floating round in George Barton's arms in the rythmic motion so dear to all true lovers of the ball- room. Her step and George's harmonized -^ell together. The dancers thinned off couple after couple, but Edith and her companion kept on. Many an admiring glance followed them; die was so graceful and Barton so tall, and their danc ing expressed the very poetay of motion. But as Kingsley sayR, 44 Good times and bad times and all times soon come to an end,' and so at last did the waltz. With the look of dreaming happiness still on her face, she let Barton lead her to one of the dimly lighted conservatories in silence and stand fanning her for a fow moments ere he broke the silence. 44 Thank you, my little friend; i£ seems that I did danc^once somewhere, though 'pon my honor I can't say where. But you possess a great amount of electric force, I fancy, for I always 'foel a certain defiance of fate or something when I am tiear you. A strange fact. I cannot explain even to my self what I mean. A strange man I know myself to be — a queer friend for you, little one, and one you'll tare of before long if I mistake not.' 4 ' -Tever George — Mr. Barton I mean — I shall not change as long as there is life in cfc at all ; but I wish , oh , I wirfi I cbuld help you to remember what, you wish, but I fed strangely depressed to-night, and I thought I heard more than one anxious tone in the groups of talking people that we passed going to the bnll-room. What is in the air — do you feel it?' — (To be continued.) W. H. 13 The First Fast Male— Hie Prodigal Son. A Study that is Always Looking Up — As- tronomy. Neglected. — 44 Does he write to you regu larly since you became engaged?' ** No ; sometimes I only get one letter a day.' 'I am yours!' he exclaimed. 'Through the desert of live Your love shall may oasts bo 3' Your oasisj yes, but I can't be your wife.' Then he sighed, 44 Oosister'to me!' Lauiia. Lonixt : 4 'This drinlring- cup was made for me when I was a baby.' Ross Booster; 44 How beautiful ! Aren't the productions, of the ancient metal-workers charming?' ' Size : 44 Writing for the press is thankless work, is it not?' tic: 4 4 No; everything I write is returnod with thanks.' Da. Jouxson, boing asked to give a defini tion of nonsense, replied, 4 4 Sir, it is nonsense to bolt the door with a boiled carrot 4 4 Backward, turn backward, oh, Time ip your flight!' * She sang, as the Bible she held with delight, As sho turned to the 44 births ' on the family page And by changing a date took ten years from her age. Smith: 41 The doctors havo given Jones up.' Robinson : 44 Poor fellow ! Is he so ill as thatf' Smith ; 'No ; he has got better.' Caixee on the charming widow : 'IdonH sec how you live without your husband?1 Widow : 'I don't 6eo how; yoa live with yours.' The Geooji :'I can't seo that cheque your father placed among the weddingpre sents.' The bride: 'Papa is so absent-minded. ' He lit his cigar with it.' THE VEATPKR. We growl about tho weather Till wo almost have the bines. Although the time is just at hand When wo'U surely get our dews. 1 Jasper: ' Awell-balancbdmiadtsagn&d; thing to bave.' Jumpuppc: ' Yes; but whon a man steps 1 on a .piece of orange-peel a well-balanoed I bodr is «hat he yearns for.' 