THE NATURALIST Luminous Plants. (Abridged from the "Pall- Mall Magazine.") Not the least interesting of the many curious phenomena of plant life is that of luminosity. The great naturalist Linnaeus was the first to record an Ob- servatipn on thig subject, his attention having been drawiv to-it- l>y-(his"daHgh ter,, Qhristiua. Liaue. Walking jir.lier father's /garden one -hot ..June evening, sjhe ■observed the tto'xy.ers of Tropaeolum mflijus- 'Wi&\- gard'enjhasturtiuin).'to give fQrfhvsparlj& or flashes. The phenomenon was-.repeated on successiye,:;eveiiings, «v.d ...also in the uioruings bjefpfe sun rise ; . when not only ncr father but other ."scientists were present. One of .'tl^ejse.. gentlemen, .a. welf-lhiown elec tifjifiian named Wilcke,'. believed the fla'sijesjio lie electric ; and this'appetirM Tto'^Jjije $he. opiniQn of most writers who jif^'e , ;iJiy.es'.tigafed " jthe "plienomenon though, fsoine' believe that the ; ;.SQiiiit|lJatlops are- .only.;,'apparent, and •,clasjS. theih .an'XQti^ optical'jjlliisJons. The 'tlie'flashes are invariably ob- rr? wijVod. at-.thnes -wifpn^-ilie -air is dry J-'inuViolutr^tul with electricity is, how • evsv* an hvii-ui?l^l?^^?.^:?''py'^tty■ .strong \- J^onerrin favour of. -the '. former view. -^Perhaps <n° floAv!ers.'.exhibit. the pheno :in a-: ipoi:e ; -re.marknble depfivo .■."•■£ ■' ' . • •■''■..'., '•■■■■] ■■ . than those of the plant noticed by Linnaeus ; though the 'common mari gold, African marigold, martagon lily, and sunflower are also highly luminous. The remarkable scintillations first ob served by Christina Linne liaye now been witnessed by do many credible and competent observers that it is singular their reality should be longer doubted. M. Haggren, a Swedish naturalist, ob served them frequently, and when at work in his garden employed a mau to watch the flowers and to make sig nals whenever the; flashes occurred. They both saw' the; '.light constantly, and at the same iiidnient, playing round Clio Uower-heads. of marigolds., . This was in the month's pf ..July.and iltugust, Hie phos'phores.£e.n'c',e being only, seen at sunset or for .■half.-an-hour. after, and never on rainy.. daj's or when the'air was loaded with vapojLirs.. He, c'jvme.to the conclusion, that the Hashes, were ; electric. In the year 1885 Mr. .7. R. -, Trimmer, of Brentford', was an eye witness of the phenomenon, of .which , lie sent an account to the '.' Magazine of \- Botany." In' tills . case, also, every thing points' to electricity as the excit lug cause. The writer was walking in his gai'den Jn the evening, where many nasturtiums-were in bloom, liis thoughts far a way from the subject of phospho rescence, when vivid flashes from those flowers attracted his notice. Seven years later (4th August, 1842), the phenomenon was observed by Mr. Dow- den, and- tbr ( ee others, at nearly- the same.'"tiine of the day ami under;'similar climatic conditions. In other words, the flashes were seen at about 8-o'clock in the evening, after a week of very' dry weather. The flowers examinee] were a double variety of the common marigold.: l?ven within the present decade moro than one naturalist has recorded his personal' observations of the pheno menon. Thus Canon itussell, writing to " Science Gossip" in September, 1891, says :—" On the evening of Kith June, 1889, I happened to be taking a stroll round the rectory garden ; and passing by a fine plant of the common double marigold (Calendula 'officinal!*), of a deep orange colour, I was s-truck by a peculiar brightness in the appearance of the flowers. After watching for a few seconds,"! observed, to my great surprise, that coruscations of light (like ■mimic lightning) were . allaying over the petals. Thinking that I might be only the victim of an ocular illusion. 1 brought ;out other members /of 'the household, and • asked them to report exactly what they saw. Some per ceived 'the flashes readily enough, but others only slowly and after patient observation, all eyes not being equally sensitive to such rapid vibrations of light. These performances commenced about 8.30 p.m., and continued for per haps an hour. i afterwards ascer tained that much later on, when it was almost dark, the whole plant seemed to'glow with si sort of pulsing phospho rest'ehce;" '.. .The common nasturtium was.4l6o.l.uipih<)u^ in a less degree, the luminosityin.'tlifo.^case extending to the leaves/ \v rjii.cli;;it* is further stated, gave off "a, blue■.yapour of extreme tenuity." Thus far. ail,the flowers noticed have been of an orange colour, and it is pi'obnble Hint such flowers are phos The Govebnob at Tqowoomba Show—A '••••:■ ' Snapshot • • . • ■ ■ ■ [Photo by J. Bain. . ,c:v: ' :T^e'GovKiiNbßCAT TociwodMfii-i^THE Pbooession :in R.CBSirtiL-BTBBET. ' '•'• Snapshots at the Beenleiqh Election—Mb. Rrid and His Supportebs. [Photo by H. Bacon. Aa; the Toowoomba Show—Some of the Live Stock Exhibits. • , . . - . [Photos by J. Bain. Snapshots at the Beenleiqh Election—Messrs. Stodart, Irvine, and Rbid. . [Photo by EL. Bacon. SNAPSHOTB AT THE BEENJiEIGH EJECTION —MeSBBB. DANIELS AND M'DoNALE [Photo by H. Bacon phoroscont. in an (•xrcpthtnal degree. But "the" phenomenon i>s -by-vim iueau« restricted to " golden-coloured" flowors.:,1 Mr. Trimmer observed it not only hi Tropaeolum, but. also in the white rose, scarlet geranium, :uid a whi te^ specie* of 'Oenothera ; mid a equi^Biib^ent of., the "Gardener's <"Jhron:lcgie'J;vf(jr>i : -Qcto^ ber, 1843, 'testifies to J^^^-ivequeiifly obs.erv.etl tlie-.liimiu^^.^ipiyeuraii'ce- in tihe. ; ha''iry red poppy.r"'^*ft|t|i|6.?list : in-ay ; be-added the scarlet vei^ena, concern ing the phosphorescence of which v very interesting letter ailjietired in the same valuable journal spme (July, 1859). The phenomenon was witnessed always in the hot, dry wea ther, and about. the time of sunset. The False Dittany "(l3ilGta,mnu«.fTaxi-" nella)—of which there are several -garden; varieties, white, red, and purple—may be said to occupy a unique place among, ; . 1 luminous plants. The plant secretes:a. fragrant essential- oil ;ln great.albuiv^ dance, and in warm weather th}s_e:Juides and volatilises so ttviit Tihe ai^Vb%pmes impregnated with it, and' is#endei'ed not only very frag^vin.t l>ut also' Jiigiiiy innamma'ble ; iirsainjiClijthat ii! a nalceu flitme *be brought vifear -the pl|iut the oily vapour bakes fire. This discovery, like that of the luminosity of Tropaeo luin, was made by the gifted daughter of Linnaeus, and has been since verified by Dr. Ha'hn, the result of whose in vestigations is given in the " Journal of Botany" ifor 1803. His first experi ments were unsuccessful, but on bring ing a lighted inmtoh to «v nearly faded blossom, hi» stow " a reddish, crackling, strongly-shooting flame, which left a powerful aromatic smell, and did not injure the peduncle." Since then lie has repeated the experiment several times, and >a 'careful 'microscopical ex amination of the plant has shown that the inflammable etberic oil is contained in numerous minute reddish-brown glands, Ideated on the flower-stalks. ' Ot/her instances of luminosity in flowering plants are afforded by the latex or 'milk-sap of a species of Eu phorbia CE. phosphorea), which is said to shine with a.phosphorescent light on warm nights iv the .ancient forests at' Brazil, and (by the roots of certain plants, as the fragrant khus-khus and other grasses. A luminous root-stock referred to in the " Proceedings of the Royail Asi'atte 'Society" for April, 1845, is perhaps that of the khus-khus grass. Alfter a wet cloth had been applied to its surface for an hour or two, ft gleaimed In Hie dark " with all the vivid ness of the glowworm ;" and though the lustre faded away as the specimen dried, it was revived .on the application of fresh moisture, nor did it appear to lose it's luminous property after fre quent applications. The sap of the cipo, a South American vine, is said to be so highly luminous thill, when injured, it seemis to bleed streauns of living tire. " Large anfinials have been v noticed standing aipo;ng.ifcs crushed and broken tendrils, driving with the' gleaming fluid, and surrounded by a seeming net- work of fire." Passing now., from the flowering . plants, we cOiiie to the non-floWering or eryptogauilc, to which the i"ms, tnoss.es,. fungi, &c;, belong, Here wv meet with some very striking and undoubtedly genuine instances, of phosphorescence. Luminous fungi, for example, are abim dan't in the goal mines of Dresden, where they are-even said toi be dazzling to the eye.' Hanging in festoons and pendants from the uneven roofs, twist ing, root-like, round the pillars and covering the Avails, they give to these othenvise dreary excavations the semWance of fairy palace*. One writer says:—"! saw the lumin ous plants here in wonderful beauty; the impression produced by the spectacle T shall never forget. It appeared! on descending into the mine, as if we were entering an enchanted castle. The aibundanep of those plants was so grealt, that the roof and the walls and pillars were entirely covered with them, and the beautiful light they cast around almost dazzled the eye. The light they give out is like faint moon shine, so that two persons near each either could readily distinguish their bodies." These spreading masses of luminous vegetable matter are simply the mycelia of various species of Agaricus, the large genus to which our common edible mushroom belongs. The phosphorescence is said to be due to slow decay and oxidation, either in the mycelia or fructifications of the fungi. An eminent botanist, who frequently saw the luminous mycelia in the dead wood used for fuel by the natives of Northern India, writes :—" The phe- nomenon is most conspicuous on stacks of firewood. At Darjeeling, during the damp, warm summer months (May to October), at elevations of 5000 ft. to 8000 ft., it may be witnessed every, night by penetrating a few yards into the forest—at least it was so in 1848 and 1849\. It is no exaggeration to say that one does not need to move from the fire- side to see this phenomenon, for if there is a partially decayed log amongst the firewood, it is almost sure to glow with a pale phosphoric light. A stack of firewood, collected near my host's (Mr. Hodgson's) cottage, presented a beautiful spectacle for two months (in July and August) ; and an passing it at night, I had to quiet my pony, who was always alarmed by it." Argaicus olearius, a fungus common in the south of France, is also highly luminous. It grows in the dark crevices of the olive stems in November and December, when the gills under the pileus or disc are said to shine as brightly as a glowworm. Equally re- markable is the Brazilian species of phosphorescent agaricus (A. Gardneri) —a parasite on the Puitado palm—the light of which is of a pale greenish hue, and equals in brilliancy that of the larger fireflies ; while Borneo can boast a closely allied species, also parasitical on trees, the greenish luminous glow of which has been likened to the glow of the electric discharge. Australia appears to be exceptionally rich in these fairy lamps, most of which belong to the same great genus, Agaricus, though the prevailing colour of their light is white. One species, found by Drummond in the valley of the Swan River, deserves particular mention, if only on account of .its size and weight. It measured 16in. in diameter and 1ft. in height, and weighed about five pounds. Both this traveller and another (Mr. Hugh Low) have affirmed that the light from certain of these agarics is bright enough to read by. Even these statements, however, are eclipsed by the account of the spruce log which the Rev. M. J. Berkeley saw, and which was literally ablaze on the inside with the white mycelia of some unidentified species of myxogastes. When some of this luminous, matter was " wrapped in five folds of paper, the light penetrated through all the folds on either side as brightly as if the specimen was ex- posed." 