COUPONS. \ I /filotsomlng boughs In February, a an d earth . kiomed crammed with heaven." So thought In, Dillworthy as she surveyed her oroh&rds;, that melted away into the emerald dyes of the Wheat fields on the right and (be budding vine-- yards on the sun-kissod slopes on her left.- IVithin rango of her vision were pastures green, Whero her slock-grazod in security and fattened In peaeo. An English woman, this same Mrs. Dillworthy, and, as sbo expressed it, " born, pred, end brought up in London.' Left » Widow with ono daughter, a brother who bad Vettled in California some two years before had persuaded her 'to follow him, and invest ber jnoney in a well-cultivated ranch and orcbord. . trho picture before hor was the result, and so Well satisfled was she tbat ahe sighod-With deep- content— a sigh from a hoart overflowing with happiness and freedouvfrom fretting cares. 'I 'avo all I want to look &t;, and if igh Winds don't play 'avoo with tho blossomsTll'ave: fruit properly plentiful," sho thought, j She walked leisurely down tho gravelled Walk, her plump hands on her hipSf.,and her rcsy face wearing a satisfied smile. Reacbiog (tho gate she called out— j "'Arrict! 'Arriet, whatever.iskooping you?"., I 11 Coming, mamtna," suid a pleasant voice), pud into view came a fair-haired, blue-eyed' English girl with a wild rose complexion, anda. pretty, slight figure. At her side walkoda young man, roddy and'dak»-witfrfIrBok,-.hrown eyes and a pleasant face. Mrs. -DillWorthy ' tared hard as sho eaitf -tO'hcraelf, V-Whot '0; me 'ere for 'eaven's sake T ' Harriet spoke as she neared her -mother. j M Mamma, this young man, .Mr. Dauforih,Ma looking for work; as you-wantthewooflchopptd'" lie wishes to secure the job." Mrs. Dill worthy's face instantly took on a' business expression. Turning to Dauforfch-sbo' asked— .>< 11 What wages woald yon expect ? " ' " Two fifty and board, madam, ""ho replied, las he bared bis head, end ran bis fingers through tbo thick'brown locks that covered it. I Accustomed to English labour prices, Mrs> (Dillworthy was about to protest, bat a glance from Harriet and the low remark, 14 This-istbe West, you know, mamma," caused her to say--' I will 'ire you, young man. 1 want the trood chopped well, and put out of the-way in bo wood house," pointing, as she spoke, to lot of logs piled in disorder in tho big yard. j Very well, madam," said the young man,''. He threw off bis coat and hat, and began Kis work, and Harriet and her mother passed Indoors. Although tbo fruit crop promised woll, the |dall times had made actual dolluts and cento ttcarce with Mrs; Dillworvby ; so mother and (daughter were ecouomical, and on the look-out (for bargains ; 1894 might bo oalled coupon year, or, as Mrs. Dillworthy called it, M kew- tpon." Every paper she subscribed to contained it wo or moro coupons, whbft. when saved, vand Iten or cwonty-fivo cento ad;ld, brought music, blanto. or nictures to the sawder. As tbov were (totally uu&ccustomcd; to American methods of dvertiBiog, the Dillwortbya believed implicitly in the genuineness of the bargains" secured So this way, and one day every week found them chasing these (our-suVxl slips from column (to column, and clipping wil.'j as much unction ins if a coupon saved wero a dollar earuod. Aud Sf J&ue;, the maid of all work, evor used a nows- paper to kindle fires or polish windows sho was almost under bonds to see if tbe coupons were cut or not. ' Harriot, girl like, wanted a new enmmor |jat; but ber mother told har it was almost im possible for her to spare tbe money to buy it. C'he hired man must be paid for spring work, nd tho wood ohopping alone was quito an ft em. | "Fo' Harriet had tried .to manufacture oneVut lof past glories in tbat line. 1 One day, abuut & month after Danforth'S' prrival, when looking ovor the papers, Harriot's, blue eyes rested on this advertisement— 44 Cut out this coupon and sond it with two (dollars to Mossrs. Featherfew anil Flower, who pvtll furnish you with tbo latest confection in firrcnoh hats," i Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow rocker that it tipped backward, scaring General ber English pug, into a barking fit. | 'Her mother was out on tbo back porcb, with in tomato can full of seeds she had sorted out- flhe noiso nud quick steps startled her, and tho (contents of the can flew overy way, as if from a patent seeder. 1 11 A coupon for a hat, mamma! See! seel" flEfarnet exclaimed joyfully. 1 " 'Envoua and earth I" said ber mother. pMy 'cart's in a flutter. I thought the 'ouso ros on Are, or the 'orso was dead." ,>1 ' She stooped to pick op 'the eeedfc,whUo. (Harriet read tho notice to her. . ' i 44 Can't X help you, Mrs. Dillworthy?" some" lane courteously asked. j ..r I Tho hired man had approached unnoticed, and stood smilingly regarding tho little scene. \ Harriot blushed aud ceased reading, hot her Another stiffly answered— i "No, thnnk you, Danforth ; you'd bettor go £aok to your work. " I can't abear tliat young raun's forward ways," sho said to her daughter when ho had gone. " Oh, mamma, ho meant- only to be kind, I'm' euro 1' And- you -spoko so short," raid Harriet. " I intended to ; it will teach him- to hoop > bis place in tho future," returued-her mother. " He's too familiar, 'Arriot. Ho talks to you whenever he can. You oughn't to allow it. Harriet blushed more deeply than'before;'and waasileut... Mrs. Dillworthy had thoroughly English idoas- It WOB a diffioult task to imbue ber with American notions or oquality. Sho could not-bemadu to comprehend that wage-earning men or women might he of gupri family. So even tho ghost of un idea that Tom Danforth,. bur servant, admired aud wished to wqo and win her daughter never entered her bead. Besides that, she had other viowe for tho-girl. Tho leading merchant in tbe nearest town was 50 years old, and worth money. It is true be tiad broken every commandment worth epesk- Eng of ; no one conld filch from bim bis good lame tor tbo reason that there was no good Wbout him. Nevertheless, he was considered K good match" for Harriet by Mrs, Dillworthy. JBbo remarked one day to her daughter— V "Mr- Miller is a thorough gentleman," "I thought he was dieaipatcd," replied Harriet. . Mrs. Dillworthy sniffed. " Well, he has a few 'abita. bpt thoy are only : . gontlemanly ones." "I call him a very fatiguing pereun," said Harriet- " I don't trust mon who speak' with tho soft pedal down, and rub their hauds -ua 'if.' washing them, ,'i om suys — " "Tom? Who's he— Danforth ? It doesn't' signify wbst-he says about my friends, the for ward follow I If he isn't careful he'll leave bBforo his work is finished." And Mrs. Dill- worthy walked-away with-dignitym every -line. . of ber figure. As she disappeared Tom como around -tim corner with a large buuoh of sweet peas in his hand, which ho had gathered for Harriet. Blie took them with a low "Thank you, 'her, pretty blush rivalling tho eoloor of the blossoms. Tom looked at her admiringly as he arid,— .. ." The moon will bo bright this evening, and: . the roods ere prime. Don't you want to- go to (the oCleo with mo ?" V Harriet glanced at bim and saw an unmistak- nblo expression in bis eyes. Bbe blnshed ; Lighter » she looked down, and said "Ves" so 'iweotly that Tom felt Sho hod answered both 'ii ' i II the unspoken ond'spoken question, and went .off I to bis work radiant and.-bappy. . I Mrs. Dillworthy was intent on household- tasks, so tbi short interview was; unnoticed bnt when 'Harriet asked'.if-shO'might go for the-, mail her mother, said, promptly— " Let Tom' go by 'imsrif." Hsniet frit'dissppointed. but'dared not pro test. Tom wis. not easily rebuffed, however. When ho saw..Mrs. Dillworthy walking, down to . the paBtnre to inspect somo .stock, ho threw down hi axo and went -to the open window where HarriePsieoldon head could be seen like a spot of BOnlights-as Bho'loaued-out to train an ivy against' the casement. He watched thovwkitoihands a minute, thon captured' one audraiseAit. to 4ns lips, " Harriot," he said,' " I heard .your mothor. refuse to'allow. you- to goto the ,02100. 1 know, jpho .looks down. on-me,.dbiyou also despisemo,. I'dear ?' Harriet's hand- trombled.Sho . tried to draw itiaway, Baying shyly — " OhI.plese,.Tom, dont!" " But, Harriot, I -love- you, "persisted- Tom, -emboldened byher confnaion. " I want you for my wife. WiU'you niaiTyawyswcethoart ?" Harriet's blue eyes glanced out of the . wiudow, not meeting -her lover's eager look. Tho-uplsnd- alopo and lovelipluins, a sunlit sea ;of green,- were radiant with a newly-acquired, glory. Shntdd'shei could- she, .tmst-this ruddy young straugeriwith her heart, her life'! Tho arantie'eeemed'honretoiTom, sranning her face- iauxkrasly meanwhile. She- turned to him at 'lasVand'thraugh'his eyes saw his soul, sound and clear and whole, answering her unspoken thought, aad-roadingntUnrthe light of her own, .'love, -sho swd " yea." They were blissfully -.bsppy when np camo Mrs.Dill worthy. "'Arriot Dillwortby, do my eyes deceive mod"' she cried, <kisaiDg,;tho',irod"man ! Oh I- ,oh! You'll broak-my 'eart!'' Tom dropped Harriet's hand, and tbongh somewhat', confuted-, stood by his goes liko a "Mrs".' OilHrorthyi" be.said, " phave asked Harriet!t6'marry me. Will yon let mo have her ? I lorvaihor very, dearly,, and will try to -make her a good'hushanfl. I hsvo some money .saved and'a-r." Bat Mrs.- Dillworthy- angrily- waived further speech, " LeavetWi'-'ousef-sir,- at.onco.l 'Arriet, shut thatwindow l I'll settle your bill to-morrow night, young man. But you must leave at ..ouee or I'll make you." ' Torn bowed- and left-her, and'Mrs. Dillworthy .'sought hor daughter. " To. think you should toko up with Danforth, "When, Mr. Miller 'as just written- to ask me for your 'and'aud'eart I 1 blush for you, miss." But weeping Harriot-only sobbed— ' " X love'Tom- and.l bnto that old beast !" i- "Rubbish:! You'U iibe bim well enough twlien you're his wife." » That. I will never be ! I'll, run to the ends .of tho earth first," cried Harriot. " Don't 'drive. mo too far, momma 1 I'm a woman now, and know my own mind." " Go to your room, miss )" said Mrs. Dili- worthy, angrily. " Wo'll talk of this when that fellow is out of tbe way. I believe he's robbod you of all your 'common sense, that I do." Harriet obeyed, weeping nnrestrainedly, and Mrs. Dillworthy felt tbo way of duty to be a thorny one. The next morning great was hor consterna tion to find Harriot missiog. Only one con clusion could she come to. 8ho had eloped with Tom Danforth. She wept, aud, liko Rachel of old, wonld not be comforted. Jane stood by in sympathetic silence, till her mis tress vohomcntly exolaimod— "Oh, it's'his'doiegs— the serpent that be is! 'Arriet mis . always obedient and docile uutil sho sawhim." " I never would have thought Miss Harriet had- tho strength of mind to go-off with Tom," ventured Janet. "Strength of don't mind!" snapped Mrs. Dillwortby, hor anger getting the better of hor sorrow for a moment, The fairness of the morning was all unnoticed tbongh twinkling dew beads wore strong on every blade of grass, nnd a 'snow of blossom petals-perfumed the air from tbe orchards. Mrs. Dillwortby shut herself up in her room, and rackod to and fro, crying alond— \- "-She will never come back, and I who loved 'or, drove her to it ! Oh, my obild-i my ohild-l Coine to yonr 'eartbrokeu-mother I" p ThedaypasBodand'evenhigeame. Itsbeanty 'iempteu tbe sorrowing woman ont-on the broad \- porch. . Sho looked around her. The maan was 'rising, and stare- thickly stnddod the bine sky, Betqothing fcronght-her comfort. yy " Ott'1' 'Arriet, where are you now?" 'she ."moaned. "Yon-said yon would go to the ends .of the" earth. Are you lost-to mo forever ? Oh, why; wat I oo 'ard ? My 'eart is brealring— :brcakiug!v'yJfeSf'"M' Her sdfis reached- tho ears of Janety -who came hurriedly' to her. " Come,- -ma'am, don't takeon so," she -Baid -soothingly. "Miss Harriot — " " Never-mcutionher name again I " cried Mrs. f jOillworthy with a quick revulsion of feeling. \- " Sho is doad'to me now." v " Nonsense, ma'am V Suppose she has married Tom, what thon ? Ho's a likely young man aud above his work. Ho told me hard times broogbt him down to wood chopping." \- "Up you mesa," sniffed Mrs. Dillworthy. Waggon wheels wore heard just then. Tho rgate-swung open, footsteps came hastily along, up to tbe porch, and Harriet's fresh, sweet voice-oallcd'OUt— " Ob. mamma, mamma! I've got- my hat, , -and- it's a- beauty. Wore you frightened at my abBonoe?" Sha bad-reached theiporoh by this time and !pnt up-hcr-Iips to kiss her mother; but that lady stepped back from tho offered caress. " 'Arriet," oho said sternIy;"did yaunotelopo witlFTom Danforth?" Harriot laogbed, though tho blushes camo. " Why, mamroa,-how silly of you ! Had you furgotlun I was to go to the oily to-day to gut my hat ? I thought if I went up early I should be back in time for huoh ; but the train waa delayed by a waabodt. Tom drove me- to tho statiou as-he hod business in town. I have not seen him since. You know you told him you did not want turn any longer:" Mrs. DiUwortky had heard enough. She took Harriet in tor motherly, arms-ond'kisaed -her-bearrily, saying— " Well, 'Arriet, . I- was.nn old gooso. Lforgot all ahqut-tboso icewpons." Thohathadscarooly boooaofficientlyadmicod when anothor oarriogo hod acriveii.-and Tom's weiUkooivn whistle was heard ss he csme.up the path. In her joy at recovering Harriet Mrs. Dillwortby greeted him pleasantly snd wont -to-hor-doakto gottho-monoy due-to-him. But-Tom-said "Ono moment, .pleaso, Mrs. DiUwertby. X want, to- ask you- again-for Miss Harriotts -hand,. and'Lhopoiyou wiil rpconsidar your-answsr. I- ism in-a bettor position now-then I-wasycster- 'day. My nnol'e has just died anddeft me a snug littio- Bum in riiilrood stock end- Govorn- meut-bohda. I liavu the hal&yearly; coupons. of Doth with mo, and tbo -Iawyor b letter too: Will yon look ever thorn? I love Harriet dearly, ondTkoow she-cores for me. Wonlt you say yos-to os'-hoth ? Mrs. DUlworthy's face was- a. study 'ss she mcohsnieslly took Tom's papers. Silently she 'looked orer them, and soar that they wero gennino. Finally shespoko "Tako her, Tom. and if l over moddle wilh 'icewpons in this America again I deserve to be-' hung. 'Arrist'swird gooso chase after a 'at for a kowpon mado mo feol old, aud Ate kewpous that give you the right to take her from me, bnt bless yon both," she added, holding out her arms. " I 'ope and trust you'll bo 'appy." Tho little. scone which followod was inter rupted by Janet, who' had stolon into the room to listen. " Jupiter I" sho oxclaimed ; " a husband for a kowpon ! Guess I'll savo 'cm up myself after rthis !" " Janet I" said Mrs. Dillworthy, reprovingly. "Don't ssoldilicr, mamma," laughed Harriot. " Come here, Janet, and wish me joy." " Indeed, 1 do, miss, with my wholo- heart, and yon -too, Mr.Danfortb. ' And-I'vo got some news for yon: Tho batcher's boy told me thin morning tbat old Miller had failed and lost every cent of his money. Bo ho wasn't such a good matcbaftor all, ma'am," " I've been a silly old woman," said Mra. Dillwortby, choking a Uttlo. "Forgive me, Tom. I—-" But Harriotts- arms wero about her neck, -and farther speech was checked fcy a kiss. Mrs. Dillworthy, mindful of past sorrow, still' refuses to havo anything to do with coupons in any form; but Tom and Harriet will always lovo them,.and in their homo may possibly 'hang tho motto, " God bless the coupon." 