Williamstown Races On Monday the Williamstown Racing Club held their second meeting on the grounds of Mr. W. Scott on the Kersbrook road. The weather was perfect and the meeting attracted over 500 persons. The course was a marked improvement on the last occasion and with a little trouble should be, from its natural advantages, one of the best courses in South Australia. It is situated on a flat and is surrounded by hill on three sides. The flat will have to be cleared, as it is full of dead timber, and when this is accom plished the Williamstown people can look forward to still larger meetings. The racing also showed an improvement and the handi cappers are to be congratulated on their judgment. Close finishes throughout the day rendered the meeting an exiting one. There was an innovation before the District Race ; Nanto set to and tried to dislodge his jockey on the course and when he found himself unsuccessful caved in. Mrs. Quilp however, on receiving a preliminary gallop, made off with the jockey and after career ing around the course twice made off through the flat and jumped the timber lying aout, finally being brought to bay by colliding with a buggy and dislodging the rider. Strange to relate that although the buggy was seriously damaged and both axles bent, neither , horse nor rider was scratched, and in the race she again repeated her per formance, but kept the course, until the winning post was reached, when she made off straight up the hill. The Stewards were called together on this occasion to adjudi cate on a protest lodged against Mrs. Quilps rider, who requested the Clerk of the Course to adjust the bridle. Needless to say the protest was not upheld. The largest field of the day was in the Williamstown Handicap, in which nine horses out of fifteen acceptors faced the starter, who got the field well away together and the race of the day resulted, One after, the other of the contestants went to the front and Watt's Lightfoot just managed to show his nose in front of Bomba at the post, while Anglia was a short neck way. There was a field of seven for the Flying Handicap, and in this a beautiful finish resulted, while in the Consolation Anglia beat Gayboy by a short neck. The officers were — Stewards— Messrs. H. Haywood, H. P. Wilkinson, S. Childs, T. A. Waters, and A. Pike. Clerk of the Scales —Mr. W. Howie. Clerk of the Course Mr. John Lane. Mr. C. J. Lucas officiated as Judge and gave every satisfaction; while Mr. R. Laidlaw, as starter, was as successful as on the previous occasion. The Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Smith, and the Hon. Sec., Mr. E. Messner, carried out their duties in an efficient manner. The following are the results of the racing :— HAKDICAP HIXBDLE RACE. ' £5 : neoond horse to receive £\ from the prize. One and a half miles. Mr A B McLean's Crown, 10 st ... ... 1 Mr T G Sedgley'e Stwlight, 10 st 4 lb ... 2 Mr E Ludewig^ Para Grit, 11 st 7 lb ... 3 Mr F Warren's Robin, 11 sfc 71b Robin ran off at the first hurdle, and was pulled up. Pure Grit ran off while leading at the halE distance, and Crown finished several lengths to the good. Time, 3 mins. 19 sees. -' DISTRICT RACE. £3 15a. ; seoond horse to receive 15a, from Size. One mile, 9 »t up. t JFormby'sMraQuilp ... ... 1 MrBMoHugh'sNanto ... ... .. 2 Mr TGSedgley's Starlight .- ... 3 Mr. CriBpon's AotresB II After a little eccentricity on the part of Mrs. Qailp, the starter got the field away together, Mrs. Quirp quickly going to the front was never- caught, although Nanto challenged her at the half distance. Time, 1 min. 59 sees. WILLIAMBTOWK HANDICAP. £S ; second howe to receive £2 from priza. ' One and a quarter miles. Mr L T Watt's Llghtfoot, 9 at 12 lb ... 1 Mr Geo Heiojas' ?Bomba, 7 st 4 lb , ... 2 MrBMurphyVAnglia, 8st .... ... 3 Mr F Warren's Robin, 9 st 4 lb . Mr L T Watfs Don Pedro, Sst 8 lb Mr A B McLean's Crown; 8 st ; ; Mr B MoHugh's The Ghost, 1 «t 4 lb Mr J Formby'fl Whifcefoot, 0 st 12 lb - Mr E Freeman's St Henri, S st 12 lb A good start was effected. St. Henri led to the first turn, . and was then displaced by Anglia. Anglia was challenged by Bombs, who led round the second turn, when she gave place to the former again, but gained the position at the turn in the straight, with Llghtfoot running tblrd. A beautiful finish resulted in Lightfoot winning by a nose from Bomba,' with Anglia a short neck away, wm third, and all the field. within length and a hslf from the post. Time, 2 mins. 23 86CS. - 8EC0KD HANDICAP HttBDLV RACE. £4 ; second horse to receive £1 from prize. One and a quarter miles. ~ . Mr F Warren's Robin, 11 st 71b., ... 1 Mr T G Sedgley's Starlight, 10 st 10 lb 2 Mr B McHugifr Naatb; 9 st 7 lb -3 Mr F Burton's Corsair, 10 st 7 lb Mr F iAngley's Sneaker, 9 st 13 lb Mr A P McLean's Sunlight, 9 st 7 lb Sunlight was the first to assert himself, and wm closely followed fay Sneaker and Rubin. At the third hurdle Sneaker ran off, and then Robin went to the front, and won easily from Starlight, who was second, with Nanto a short distance off third. . FLYING HANDICAP. £3 15?.; second horse to receive 15a. from prize. Sirfnriongs. : Mr J Formby'e Mrs Qailp, 9*t 12 lb ... 1 Mr L T. Watt's Lightfoot, 10 st 4 lb ... 2 Mr C Cox's Gayboy, 8 st 21b .„ ... 3 Mr J Underwood's Alice, 8 st 12 lb Mr B Murpby'a AogUs, 8 st 6 lb Mr Geo HeiDins' Bomba, 7 sfc 11 Ib '-?'?'. Mr B MoHugh's The G hoot. 7 «t 11 lb Mr E Freeman's 8t Henri. 6 at 12 lb Eight faoed the starter, and jagain Mrs. Qailp shot to the front from the -drop of tbe flag. She maintained the lead throughout, despite the fact that Lightfoot oame with great-paoe at the finish, and was but a head away at the post, with Gayboy a half length away. Time, 1 tnio. 26 sec?. CONSOLATION BACK.' ; , Entrance fees, with 10*. added, to go to tbe winner. Six fnrlongB. - Mr B Murphy's AngUa .» ...... 1 MrCCoxV Gayboy .... ..; % 2 Five borjes started, sod this proved another exciting contest, - Anglia winning *uy n u«vih| nun ,«ue uijiiu uiuov vguuiui, ? ,* '?. \ This raoe was -a sweepstake* arranged on the ground, bat araa;_not productive of, any excitement. Don Pedro won easily from the other (jontestautej who w«w -^niy ora^nary hacks. -5;- i.^--- - c ??.;-; '-?;.-,.- .?,-,?.-?? ^,'v : After the day'i j^poeeedings the settling ?op;^ook.Hp]^-^v*|iBWilliatefito^'.^ where the sAcdessf ol owners receiveS their ?takes. ? Along toast Iht was. honored, and oongratalatbry speeches 'Were delivered. ' : 