Short Story. Aunt Marcia's First Marriage. unl Mlirrh], <Ju tell lis ;1 Mm;/ : M rs, Wyniuu smiled, and rati lier Jewelli il UuKuns carelessly thruu^h the soft. ilntl'y Iwlr of tin* prell.v (,'iil nearest her. There were tiller j-'iiis in iill, Mini they linil come 1o iiiiiko Aunt Marei.i :<ml Uncle Max a visit. Uri^lil. lovely niuids they were, nuU as full of llle iik .i sum mer mom Is of sunshine. To-day \v:is dark, iiiiU the sun refused persistently to show his lit iulit head; lint tin- fK'ini la which they silt was full of summer warmth. There wore easy chairs every where, a table piled tvllli the newe.sl books aud latest magazines, beautiful pictures, soft carpets. ami au open piami. It was a very pleasant spot, and in the three RlrlH' opinion there was nothing so sweet or so lovely In the room as Aunt Marcin herself-her hands were so white and soft, her eyes so klud anil bright, aud Jier siullu so sweet. Mrs. Wyiunu was one of those women wlio believe in mnkiug the most of what Nature lias given them, i.ail there was nothing to lilinler her from doing so. for she was rich, gay, ami happy. Her trim, dainty little ligure was always tastefully gowned, her luxuriant aulnini hair carefully 11 mingcd, ami 1'nele Max. tin? (learent nn<l host <if husbands, (<"<ik cart' tlmt she wanted for nothing. She always said she was a happy woman. Vew people knew that J lax Wymaii was lier second liusbaud, junl llisit her early life had uot been as bright ami ptOHpel'OUS us ii whs now. For l'llcle Max wns a fastidious iimu, and objected to turning over tlmt page of Ida wife's history . tor public inspection. Aunt Mocfclu lier/jelf did uot care ; but, like a wine woman, she respected her hus band's wishes uud never referred to her pastin Ills presence. " So you waut a story, do you, my girls ?" she said thoughtfully. " ffuw would you like to hear of my onrly life and iny Jirst marriage L'nclo Max doesn't like It mentioned, liut II uj;I,v do you oil good, (uid tild you in being eare ful not to mlstnuc fancy for affection, as eo uiauy girls da " You .know, of course, tliut 1 was or phaned lit airly childhood. Until I was married I lived with my Uncle lialpli and lits wife. Tliey liod a large family of their own, and It must have been a trial to have a. helpless child thrust upon them. But tlie.v uever let uic realise thlB, and Aunt Alice loved we, I really believe, as much nc she did lier own daughters. I could not feel the IONS of a mother while 1 had bur. " I grew up a happy, careless, inno cent child, with no tliought of Borrow. The summer I was seventeen 1 met Valentine : Steele, a travelling photo grapher. He was it very handsome man. and singled me front the other girls to lavish his attentions upon. lie hung about tne conatnutly. How was I, u mere child, to kuow that so beautiful on exterior covered a cruel heart V I could not, and I believed all he told me. and even fancied 1 loved him. Uncle Italpli talked to lue long mid earnestly wlien be found 1 cared for Valentine, aud begged mo uot to accept liliu until I knew bliu belter. " ' lu tlie tirst place be Is ;i poor num. Unrein,' be 'said, 'and hits nothing settled to support u wire upon. Yuu enn do better If you wult awhile.' , " * Ob, uuole, I hope yon dou't want me to marry for money T 1 asked, liorriljcd at such a uiel'csnary Idea. " " No, Murclit, but you can love n mini who Is lu a position to provide you wltli tbq necessaries of life just as well :ik you can love j. selfish fellow who takes you from u comfortable home without being able to provide you with (mother.' sniduiy unele judicially.' If Steele really cared for you be would uot demand tmcli a sacrifice.' "' Valentine may be poor, but lie liats bis business, unelo.' "' Tine-when lie (.'booses to work at It. I lmven't seen n picture be has made so far. He is uot Industrious enough to suit inc. IMvo a caiv, Mtircla, aud look before you leap.1 "But I was young and romantic, aud rather courted Ijvu lu a cottage, 1 Im agined my life, would be one long dream of delight Valentine hail money enough to furnish a modest house com fortably, and socured a position as as sistant to our village photographer. So we were married, and my new life be gan. At first I was fairly Imppy ; l>ut Httle by .little Valentine's true clinraeter revealed Itself, lie was bad tempered, jealous, Idle, aud tyrannical. lie soon came to odds with his employer, mid as lie would uot or could not work on bis own account I began to feel what It was to be really poor. "Cue day be abruptly anuomu-cd bis Intention of leading the village ; he could do "bettor ^'Jsewliei e. This contingency hhd never occuvred to me. How could I live without inv kind relatives ? Itttt Valentino laughed nt my tears ; lie had nl^Aj^s i>eeu jealous of my love for my people, aud was glad to separate us. " Well, we left the village, and becamc wanderers oil the nice or mo oarui. uur smalt stock of money molted awn .v. Occasionally my husband earned n fow dollars, nuil wo managed to escape ;u» tua! want. Kverywliore we wont bo run <nto debt Our furniture was sold bit by bit, tind when at last \vc drifted to A rnncb In Wyomlus wo had lit tin more than tbe clotlios we wore to will our own. "I (shall never Corset tlio day wo settled there. The house stood collar less upon the prairie; there wiih not a tree, not a shrub, to break tlio dreary monotony. Besides our bod mid a Store we hnd nothing In tlio way of furniture. I uiiide a couple <if clinlix from two barrels,I found, and tore up nn old skirt to make u curtain for the window. Tbluk of It-a ulrl not ,vot 10 banished to n plnce like flint, with vota Soul near except 11 husliiind whoso silence and mnroSonoKH iiicroiiKcd each Any ! I lined to rover my ours. niclii after night. to Mlitit out tlio shrill wmiins of (lie coyotes. that seemed Hl;o m> many fiends 111 pursuit of inc. In n hoi. windy glimmer Inifte rattlesnakes were numerous; nevertheless. 1 preferred It to 1ho lonft weary winter. " I wonder, now. how I ever oiiduroil tliosc miserable days. Often wo wore without sufficient food and fuel ; by ouo my pretty piwns wore out. not to bo replaced by now ones. Of my relatives I hoard nothing: 1 hail no money for letter postage. and they did not know where 1 was. I used to look at. myself sometimes, and tlilnk of my .once bright, happy face, anil COIIIIJIKI. It with the one I saw now-a faeo full of pain and misery, haggard, worn, nnd with crcnt shadows beneath Die molan choly cyt*. Hvory par tide or life ami brightness was stamped from It. My bands were seamed and hardened with the rough work I was compelled 1o do, and ih,» winds and sun had tanned my ^1%hi tint 11 I looked more like an ludiau than a white woman. Ami the worst of ail was that 1 had no low for my hus band io ciiiMT m<' on. The t'oe!intf that aitrarU'd me to liiiti. whatever it may have heen. h;id lull;; since vanished. I rnw my liuikiii<I as lie really was. I IvJu w. loo. Dial In- had 11i'imI of im*-1 Jinl lie regarded w as an inciilms. He was of :i roaming disposh ion. and <*011111 have jjiwn way 10 his inclinations liad it not been lor his troublesome wile. lit' ^iiid^td m<> the loud Dial cost liiin any labour to procure. and met my small demands with impatience. lie spent his time in lishin^ and harvest Ink, leav ing lo mo the ehiel' rare of the small vojjrwiblo ^;ir4l4*ii. Sometimes I10 was awjjy for days tojroihor, durlitjr which time I was utterly alone. "The nearest town was nearly twenty miles away. Valentine never allowed me to go there-why. 1 never knew : lint lie was naturally cruel. lit* had periodi cal imods thai resembled insanity. I jrivw positively afraid of him. and dreaded to hear liim speak. Ue had made life such a hideous dream to me from almost the first months of our mar riage thai ! could better endure his sih'juv than his speech. " I iised to wonder In 11 unit way. sometimes. liow it would ill) v'lul. but ' llnls' wns written sooner tlinn I ex pected. Valentine shot himself acci dentally. one day. while out hunting. Mi> wi;s<pille dead when they found lilin. Tlir beautiful )'»<.(! WHS cold and still, and tin- stormy, troubled eyes wen1 closed for ever. Well. lie is gone now. and I forgive liiin ; ho flooded my young life Willi misery, and crushed my spirit. "I had enough on tiie ranch to bring me n liitli' money. I bought a present able dress mid ii ticket to my girlhood's home. I looked back ill the house ns 1 left It. Ilie scene of so liiueli misery, 1ml I WIIH too sad mill broken to fool any emotloii as yet. When I walked in on Uncle Knlpli lie stareil ut mu as If I were u ghost. "' Marcla-poor Mnrela ! My child.'my c lilkl! How you luivc suffered !' be snld. " Then lie clasped inn In Ills Drills and wo erieil together. Uncle ltnlpli wan nl wnys ns teudeu as n woman, mid I knew my changed appearance must have shocked iitni greatly. " I told lilin us little of my story ns I could, and tried to forget the rcKt. Little hy little, ill this atmosphere of love mid kindness, my fa<£> regained lis old colour and my step its elasticity. I WIIH young, mid youth after all Is irrcprcsslhlc. The tan faded from my checks. tu.v eyes lost their unhappy expression In the society of my dear oues. and, as time went on, I grew merry anil happy again. " T. spent five happy, tranquil years with Uncle ltnlpli and Aunt Alice. Tben I met your Uncle Mux. Well, you kuow what my life has been since my second marriage. No more poverty, frowns, and ill-treatment. Imt a season of plenty, peace, and happinesK. with love to mnke tlu> pathway smooth. All, girls, dou't lie misled by the (list handsome mini who crosses your path ! I^ook Into the heart, aud read It well, for yon can't love where you can't respect, and mere fauc.v soon cools. There are 110 more men like Uncle Mas (you may laugh, hut It Is true I), but there arc always nolilo hearts to lie found. Only lie care ful. AVolftli the matter well. ItoiURm lier flint (hough ii poor ninu may bo n nood mati. poverty Ih 110recommendation In n suitor. A husband who constantly feels the neeil of money Is n much less cheerful o-onipnnlon tlinn the one who Ims nil he wnnts. Here comes TJnele Mux now. I must go to meet him." Aunt Mnrcln whisked out of the room with a linppy smile, iif If Iter life hnd never lieen nnythlui; but sunshine. The three slilt? looked after lier thoughtfully, mid wilil almost In chorus : " Poor Aunt Mnrcln ! AVho could ever drenm It to see her now V" The eldest one. the rIW Willi the tinffy Imlr. twisted a pretty vine upon her third finger in n very Abstracted iimimer as hIip went slowly to her rnniu. Aunt Marcln's story hnd sunk Into her heart. and she wns wived from n life of unlmpplness mid trouble liy the tale told that rainy' nftornoon. 