THE MERCURY HOBART: MONDAY. JUNE 1, 1896. m fiPlTOnlli OF KB VC a V.D.U Bank lottery closes on Wednesday. Baseball exhibition match on Wednesday. Reported robbery of a countryman on Saturday. An amateur ghost hunt in St. Mary's churchyard. Aftg, the Castaway, at Theatre Royal this evening. Hospital Board make arrangements for appointing house-surgeon, vice Dr. Maxwell resigned to-morrow. London building strike ended by mutual concessions. Cyclone damage at St. Louis estimated at twenty million dollars. Egyptian mixed tribunal has declared war vote from the Egyptian Reserve Fund illegal. New revealments still cropping up in Transvaal affairs. Spain has purchased two ironclads at a cost of 36.000,000 francs. European consuls in Crete negotiating terms of peace with the insurgents. Professor J. Russell Reynolds, Physician in Ordinary to Her Majesty's Household, is dead. Pretoria prisoners released from gaol, all excepting the leaders and two who would not petition for release. Panic at Moscow coronation rejoicings. Seven hundred Russians killed and many wounded. Australians defeated Lancashire by 154 runs. Match commenced at Oxford to-day against Oxford University. Melbourne Cup, Caulfield Cup, and V.R. O. U.N. Hurdle and Steeple close entries to-day at 4 farm. Lord Charles Nevill, of Lord Brassey's staff, seriously injured in the hunting field on Saturday. The position taken up by the United States, as an outcome of the Monroe Doctrine, is one which is full of danger, and, assuredly, a distinct re- pudiation of the movement for international arbitration. This is shown most clearly in the course of events in connection with the insurrection in Cuba, about which the two Houses of Congress have passed such very extraordinary resolutions. President Cleveland does not, as yet, seem to have paid much attention to these resolutions, a fact which affords a striking comment on Republican Government and the value of opinions expressed in this way, but it must not be forgotten that as the elections come on this subject may be worked so as to grow into one of considerable danger, even though it may be only meant for local purposes. For the action of Congress has so far been sustained, that there is a virtual claim on the part of the United States to say what shall be the conduct of the Spanish Government towards a rebellion, and what so-called reforms shall be at once granted. Virtually, the United States have said to Spain, that if she does not act in accordance with their views, they are prepared not only to recognise the insurgents as belligerents, but to help them in such ways as may seem to be desirable. The whole of the continental authorities are agreed that no nation can submit to such outside dictation as this, and it yet remains to be seen how far the United States are prepared to push the claims which they have set up. If those claims are carried out to their logical issue, there is nothing which can prevent war between the two countries, because no nation, however weak and however pacific, could possibly allow of such interference with its internal affairs. If we consider a moment, we shall see how preposterous the whole business is. Let us suppose that at the time of the American Civil War some country, say Great Britain, had dictated to the North what terms it must give to the South, should we not have heard a cry of indignation and shame as well as of defiance ? As it was, some manifestations of sympathy with the South set the whole North in a ferment which has not ceased to this day, and no end of homilies have been preached on the wickedness of the British Tories. Yet, what the United States are doing in regard to Cuba. and not in regard to Cuba alone, is a great deal more preposter- ous and unfriendly to Spain than anything done or said in Great Britain in favour of the South, and we are asked to admire the action of the political wire-pullers and the dangers of the press. Spain has made the only possible reply to the claims set up, and it remains to be seen how far the United States are prepared to go in the assertion of a power-it cannot be called a right in any form which is as novel as it is dangerous and indefensible. This is but one aspect, and, perhaps, the least dangerous manifesta- tion of the several outcomes of the Monroe Doctrine which will have to be disposed of in the course of the coming year at the latest The correspondent of the London Times at Washington has recently put another aspect of the case, which opens up some very serious considerations. Rightly or wrongly, and he has the reputation of being careful and well informed, he has come to the conclusion that the Venezuela business is by no means over, but is, in fact, steadily approaching its most dangerous development According to this correspondent, the British case has failed to make any impression on the American Commission, which is dealing with the question of the disputed boundary with its own naateriafs and in its own way. Various rumours have been current as to what the character of its Report will be, all of which appear to be mere guesses at best, because it is now admitted that the Report will not be ready until the autumn. But, the grave part of the business is, that there appears to be a decided intention on the part of the United States to say what the boundary should be, and to thus put Venezuela in a position to know that she has the support of the United States, if she decides, as she will of course, not to yield an inch of territory beyond what the Report may give. The outcome must be, plainly, that the United States will determine what Venezuela ought to have, and then give their support to that Republic in insist- ing on a claim which has never been arbitrated on at all with the consent of the parties concerned. Evidently, this is not a claim which Great Britain can allow. Just as Spain declines to permit any Power to say how she shall deal with rebels, or what form of government she shall grant to Cuba, so Great Britain cannot allow a third party to step in and decide a dispute with which it has not so much as a remote connection. If the United States have any such claim as they have set up, if they even wish to be consistent, they will at once appoint 4 Commission to fix the boundary between Brazil and France, but seeing that so much as a whisper has not been heard of this, we may conclude that the motives underlying the action taken are not such as will bear close examination. I It is said that Lord Salisbury has sought to get a scheme of general arbitration agreed to, as between the United States and Great Britain, and that he has not made much way so far. We are afraid that the time has hardly arrived for the adoption of any such scheme, because of the extreme claims which the United States have set up. Evidently, any scheme of arbitration must be based on mutuality. Two nations may well, and wisely, agree to submit all bona-fide disputes to such a tribunal, but no two nations can possibly agree to allow all disputes to be so decided. There are some matters which do not admit of arbitration. One of these matters is, the interference of one nation with the internal affairs of another. For example, it is possible that a dispute of a serious character may arise in the United States between the East and the West ; would that Government be prepared to submit any case which Great Britain might set up to arbitration ? We need not say what the answer is, yet the United States claim to step in and say how Spain and Great Britain shall conduct affairs which solely re- late to themselves. Unless some very distinct line is drawn it is clear that the stage has not yet been reached at which an arbitration agreement can be made, or if made be of any value, because one party to it claims the right to meddle in affairs which no nation would allow to be submitted to arbitration at all. It cannot be denied that the situation is critical, for if the United States are resolved to push their claims to their logical result, the question will have to be decided as to whether they are strong enough to force them on a reluctant world. Although it is doubtless somewhat early in the day to predict the result of the tour of the Ninth Australian Eleven in England, it cannot be thought too soon to express satisfaction at the genuine impression they have by this time made all over the cricket-loving world by their prowess in the old country. The performances up to the present have been on the whole entirely satisfactory, for, though the first match, that at a Sheffield park, was not terminated in their favour, it was an excellent first appearance in every way, and the following fixtures have up to now resulted consistently well. All round there is absolutely nothing to cavil at The choice of Trott as captain has been justified by the way he has handled his team, the men are working well and amicably together so far, under his leadership, and each department of the game is well supplied, showing that the different reputations for batting, bowling, etc., are being well sustained. This is a far better feature than any mere individual prowess would display, and a surer guarantee of further victories, and of a good standing in the three test matches which will as usual, be the crowning points of the season. As a combination the team has acquitted itself admirably. New and old men have shone almost equally. Darling and Donnan have justified their choice as batsmen, iredale also is beginning to show what he is made of, while young Clem, Hill has proved that lack of years was alone no bar to his inclusion. Kelly has taken his place us first wicket-keeper, as John's but, only been picked once ; Kelly has also made runs, which will help him to keep his place warra. In the bowling department all doubts as to the ability of Jones to stay as well as to get wickets have been set at rest long ago, and though his style of delivery has been questioned, he has not been no buried by the umpires, so that unpleasant contingency is not now likely to interfere with his usefulness. Naturally Tasmanians are a little dis- appointed at EadyB seeming non success, though they are pleased at his being played so often. They remember, however, that he is newer than the other _ players to the first- class company he now finds himself in, and his ill-health on arrival in England, but they still rely on his excellent trundling being useful to keep down runs through the uniform good length he always maintains, though Jones' erratic _ deliveries, as they are called, his variation of style, are more deadly as yet at wicket-taking. McKibbin is, perhaps, the greatest break-down after all, but Giffen has shown a marvellous recovery, neither neuralgia nor the reported failing eyesight having inter I here with the most startling feats with both bat and ball yet to the team's credit, while his loss of leadership may yet prove. as it seems likely to do, a good thing fornimsBlf,and for the general welfare. So far then good, with a rational ground for expectation of additional good things to come, which will give the visit a record on the whole worthy to compare with the expeditions of previous years which won for Australia its reputation as an exponent of the national game. Popular interest in the matches is as great at this end of the world as it ever was, and the large attendances and, the general publicity given to the contests in England be- taken a like healthiness of feeling in the centres where our men are now doing battle for their country's honour. ProBABLY no Parliamentary measure has ever been the subject of more vary- ing comment than the Agricultural Rating Bill recently worried over in the House of Commons. 27ic Times foretold that it would be opposed with much bitterness and obstinacy. The Standard dealt with it guardedly as a subject on which a great deal might I I be well left unsaid. The Daily News made much of the argument that it was a gigantic system of outdoor relief for the landed aristocracy, and the practical result would be that landlords would refuse to grant any more remissions of rent Town and country journals of lesser note, and covering the widest range of polities all had their say, and opinions were as wide as the poles asunder, the preponderating tendency, however, being strongly towards disapproval. At the best it was considered but a mere make- shift measure, an admission that something had to be done for the farmer's, though Her Majesty's Ministers scarcely knew what, the bills, when it becomes law, will most assuredly form a precedent for similar concessions. The relief of agriculture by a new, and, as its adversaries declare, an evil process of finance will be advanced as justification for relief to many other distressed section?, of the body politic, and ratepayers may expect to be again and again asked to contribute for the relief of those suffering under special causes of depression. The robbing of Peter to pay Paul may be elaborated by puzzled financiers to almost any extent. The Chancellor of the Exchequer in his budget speech justified the adoption of recommendations made by the Royal (Conmission to reduce land tax and re- model rating because of the substantial surplus arising from the year's revenue, though he admitted that in a few years the grant would require to be doubled, he had cheerfully quoted evidences of returning prosperity, the flow of money into the Exchequer at a rate never before exceeded, the substantial reduction of the National debt, ! the unprecedented increase of Savings Bank investments, the increased consumption of luxuries, us all indicating a coming flood tide of prosperity, and thus justifying a liberal benevolence to the one class still in distress, What he did not do was to show that the exceptional relief would fulfil the purpose designed without arousing rankling feelings of injustice among noii-putticipants, those who had built up his much-vaunted surplus, and claimed to share and share alike in its disbursement. The cry that money would be taken from the pockets of the general taxpayer from the poor man's beer and the old woman's tea-to pour into the lap of the landlord, caught the public ear, and has been made much of. A strong Government majority has, however, dragged the Bill through the shoals and shallows of controversial currents. As it is more than probable that when Parliament meets we shall be entertained, if not edified, with a discussion on the duties of members in regard to their connection with companies, it is well to make the information on the subject as complete as possible. In England people are not at all squeamish about dealing with this subject. There is no cry there that members, even those in a high position, must not have their conduct criticised, nor is there, as far as we have seen, a single newspaper in the whole country that ventures to defend the conduct of a member of Parliament, not to speak of a Minister, who is connected officially with a public company. The Democrats in the House of Commons, unlike some self-styled Democrats here, are the most vigorous denouncers of the connection referred to, as we might naturally expect. Mr John Burns, the labour member, roundly declared that he did not wish to see the House full of " guinea pigs, a sentiment which is approved even by so staid a journal as the Spectator. The Times seems to us to have put the case in the most complete manner, for it points out how the connection might lead to abuse, though it admits that in the case of large companies a member's interest may not be sufficient to affect his vote. 27ic Times concludes its article thus :-" An affair which would be one of life and death to a small andstrugglingrailway is an soap- preciable fraction of the vast interests of the London and North-Western; hence a director of the small railway might have a personal bias when a director of the great railway would have none. There are, however, cases in which incompati- bility of functions comes out with undesirable distinctness. It is too much to expect that all members of a Government should be able to say with Mr. Balfour that they have no experience of directing companies. But we may fairly expect the members of a Government not at the same time to act as directors, still less as chairmen of companies. We report to-day Sir John Gorst appearance in the latter character although some of his previous experiences in that line have not been altogether happy. It would be more seemly and decorous, and it would raise fewer troublesome questions, if an understanding could be enforced making public appearances of this kind impossible for members of the Government." Telegraphic The following notice was posted at the local Telegraph Office last night Perth, West Australia, notifies Monday next, let, being a public holiday, telegraph offices throughout the colony will open between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m., and 6 to 7 p.m." Return or the Treasurer.- Sir Philip Fysh returned to office on Saturday morning after his somewhat lengthy trip to New South Wales and Victoria, rio bus had an enjoyable holiday, the weather generally being fine. PUBLic Works The following tenders have been accepted Road, Hobart to Glenorchy, supply and delivery of 10,000ft. super, of timber (more or less) at South G unorchy, to. Chesterman, at 5s. 3d. per 100ft. super. Roads, Mountain River district, road to R, ÎN'-wbnn's selection, contract 18, W. Harris, £3.1 12s. 6d. state schools, Derby and Branxholm, alterations and repairs, J Tilley and Son, Derby, £25 On, 66.; branxholm, £9 13s, Total, £31 136. O'). State school and teacher's residence, St. Michael's, erection, Chaplain C Malcolm, £108 120., which includes £5 for extra work, if required. State school teacher's residence, Glengarry, erection, VV, and D. Michael, £101 15s. 8d., which includes £5 for extra work, if required. Old Ai'i'LE Cases. - A correspondent writing to the Auckland Herald, suggests that it is easier to kill orchard pests, if they exist, in a case then on a tree by Paris green or other means. It is quite possible to saturate the assets so that no codlin or other peat could exist. Old cases treated so would be of more value to pack apples in than new ones that have not been so treated. Contemptible Cundoot.-During the last few nights reports have been circulated that some contemptible scoundrel is acting the " ghost " in St. Mary's burial ground. Last evening several lads, armed with sticks and stones, were watching for him, and they promised to give him a warm reception should they come to close quarters. Several pi opie have, it is said, been terrified lately by seeing what they term a " ghosts' The other evening a lad going past St. Mary's burial ground saw the same object and went after it to see what it was. The "ghost" scaled the wall and frightened the lad by firing off a Uretrm. The police are loves treating the affair, who, it is hoped, al have no difficulty in running the bastard to earth. We oak confidently recommend the IXL Jams and Jellies as being the best that money can buy. The Merchant of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of hair delicacies. They sell IXL JAMB. fosTPONiSD.-Tbo 50-mile cycle road race, under the auspices of the Tasmanian Cycling Club, arranged to take place on Saturday He had once again to be postponed in consequence dence of the unpropitious state of the weather. The meeting now stands adjourned until Saturday next. "HOMESWKKTHOME." These words re known to everybody, so also is the superior quality of IXL JAMS. . A equestrian the head line of to day's issue Mr. A. J. Nettlefold draws the attention of the public to his qualifications as an artistic tailor. Having had eleven years' experience in his business, the greater portion of which has been spent in the cutting room with two leading arms in the city, he feels confidence in leaving his success to the funds of those entrusting him with orders. The show of high-class goods in his window, at 60, Liverpool-street, will bear close in. spection. j A Tasmanian Athletics dip the following from the ICceWy press, Christchurch, New Zealand, of May 14, as likely to be of interest to Officer College old scholars in particular, besides a large circle of Hobart friends in general, and as affording yet another illustration of how Tasmanians can hold their own wherever they may be. " Amongst the new aspirants at the Hawke's Bay Amateur Athletic Club's Meeting on May 9 for athletic honours, were several runner of more than average merit. One of the debutants, C. Loudon St. Hill, a youth of about 18 or 19 years of age, hailing from Poraiîgsbiti, was, after Holder, the north of 'be meeting. He started in three events, the Maiden Race, Mile Handicap, and Ladies Bracelet, 440yds., and assured them all with ridiculous case. His times, too, were very fast, and this on a track which was very 'dead,' if not absolutely heavy in parts, The Maiden Race of 160 yds. he won by 4 or 5yds. in 17sec, For the Mid Handicap, from the 60yds. mark, he simply romped in, the time being 4min. 26sec , while the 440yds. was just as easily won in 40sec., The winner's start being 30yds. St. Hill is, I should say, unquestionably the best all-round runner the club has ever had, as he possesses both pace and staying powers, a combination hitherto lacking in most of our runners. Probably the best long distance amateur previously mining for the club was Herbert Gibbons, who won many a hard fought race in the days of old, but in his best days I do not think Herbert would have had the pace to foot it with the youngster. If young St. Hill does not over- tax his strength while growing, he should in a year or two prove an opponent worthy of meeting the best men in the colony," our. City Police Court At the City Police Court on Saturday, the Police Magistrate (Mr, B. Shaw) presided. Edward Crown was fined 10s., or in default of payment, 48 I hours' imprisonment, for disturbing the | peace on the 20th instant. A f mart Arkkst.-*'n Saturday last a smart arrest was effected by Detective Gavitt. At 40 p.m. a man named Charles? Gund reported at the police station that he had been rubbed of a silver watch while in the Canterbury Inn, Elizabeth-street. His name, he said, was inscribed on the inside of the case, and he valued his loss at £3. The thief. took the watch from Good's vest pocket, detached the chain, and decamped. A description of the suspect was given, and Sergt and Plane with Detective Gavitt went their way to find him, And arrested Fred struck Whitehouse after half an hour's search. He was taken to the police station, and in his possession was found the missing property. Whitehouse had tried to pawn the watch. He will be charged at the City Police Court this morning with the offence. It is worthy of note that from the time the report of the robbery was received to the lodging of the accused in the lookup only 35 minutes elapsed a very creditable performance. Reported Robbery. - A man named Henry Clark reported to the police yesterday morning that he had been robbed of a large sum of money while in an hotel. He said he arrived from Fentonbury on Saturday last,- and had a cheque for £50. This he cashed, and paid away about £7 in bills, He said he believed he had been drugged, and reports the loss of £50 less the amount he paid away. Detective Gavitt has the matter in hand, and has already recovered £9, which he found on a couch where Clark had been lying. There appears to be more than one person concerned in the robbery. Unbridled Barracking. The following, taken from the Aye, should serve as a warn- ing to those " barrackers " in Hobart to whom the Southern Tasmanian Football Association has found it necessary to issue a note of warning. "The picturesque vulgarity of the loot bp 11 barrackers' expressions, and his vehemence of utterance have made him an interesting study for the philologist, but a Collingwood enthusiast who discarded the picturesque during the encounter between Essendon and Collingwood on Queen's Birthday, and revelled in the obscene and profane, became a subject for police observa- tion, and was arrested and placed in the city watch-house. In the City Court next day Plainclothes Constables Wardley and Scott, who had made the arrest, said that the offender William H. Davis, had made use of language of a most disgraceful character, and it was principally directed against an Essendon player called ' Tracker ' Forbes. The utterances of the accused were committed to writing and passed up to Mr. Panton who said (addressing Davis) these expressions were the most vile that had come before him. They were disgust- ing in the highest degree. If defendant were a member of a convict gang the use of such language might be understood, but he doubted whether even the most depraved convicts would make use of such filthy utterances as prisoner had given vent to. He asked defendant what was his avocation. Davis: 'I work at a chemist's.' Mr. Panton : ' What wages do you earn Î Twelve shillings a week, sir. Mr. Panton : You are fined £3, or in default you must go to gaol for a month, I regret some of your companions, who also offended, are not J alongside of you.' " National Mutual Live Association. Bonus certificates of this popular company are issued to members today per post ; also the bonus report. A special advertisement, and likewise report appearing in this issue, are worthy of perusal. It is noteworthy that notwithstanding the unfavour- able circumstances of the past three years the surplus exceeded that of the previous period. This is largely due to more economical management. The directors have, however, windy reserved from division a sum equal to nearly 50 percent, of the surplus. This has had the effect, of course, of reducing individual bonuses, but the directors are satisfied that their action in thus preferring to strengthen the association rather than declare alarnerbouuB at the present time will meet with the approval of the' members. The income for the period under investiga- tion showed an increase of £6,184 4d. 2d., owing to the increased amount of interest received, while the total expenses were re died by £11,528. The following notices from leading financial journals convey well deserved praise Essie Review, London-" in the ence of the National Mutual of Australasia, we may remark that an office with a premium income of over £200,000 a year, not to mention interest for £71 000 on its million and a half sterling of accumulated funds, is so well under way that it is bound to be one of the survivors in the final t ace. The company appears to be very carefully managed, and to be doing the maximum amount of good consistent with prudence and enterprise. It has paid £831,000 in claims up to date, and has assurances exist- ing under its policies for six millions ster- ling." Australian Insurance and Banking Record-" In view of the large reserves made, the result of the investigation is a satisfactory one and it is evident that the National Mutual has managed its affairs with skill and prudence. The steady reduction of its expense ratio is a set off against the unavoidable fall in the average rate of interest procurable on investments. The Society has always been conservative in its tendencies, solicitous to render the greatest service possible to its policy-holders. In the altering condition of colonial affairs, it is safe to predict for it a renewed era of pronperoUBness." The Bellerive and Beltana Poultry Society's committee meeting was held on Friday evening at Bellerive, Mr. S. T. Tinning in the chair, It was decided to rescind the rule that there must be four entries in a day, or the class cancelled, and entry money returned, and in its place the following rule was passed : " That there must be four entries in a class before the total prize money is paid ; if there are three entries, the first prize money will be paid, but second withheld ; if there are two the second will be given, but first withheld, and if one entry, a certificate will be given." The secretary will endeavour to arrange that all prize money will be paid on the Saturday following the show, so as to be in time before the entries close for the Hobart show. Over 30 specials have been already promised, and a number of gentlemen have signified their intention of further assisting the society. The show this year premises to be a great success. Sacred Concert A sacred concert and organ recital will be given in the Memorial Church this evening by the choristers, assisted by some of our leading vocalists and Instrumentalists, whose names appear in another column.. These concerts have become deservedly popular, and to-night's programme should attract a large audience. No charge is made for admission, but an offertory will be taken for the choir fund, Closed Roads. - A proclamation announces the closing of the old road and substituting a new one between Campania and White Kangaroo Rivulet. Another intimates a new line of road leading from Line's Tier-road to selection of Keats and others, parish of Kenmere, County of j Cumberland. To Fruitgrowers. -W, D). Peacock & Co. have for sale a Large Quantity Material, Wrapping Paper and of Seasoned Fruit Cases and Case Paper for Lining Cases at Specially Low Rates. A full supply also of the Patent Barbed Triangular Steel Nails, which are, a beyond all question, the most economical i and reliable nails on the market, New j ! Wharf, Hobart. - - of A Peculiar and Fatal Disease Our obituary column contains notice of the death of two daughters of a Presbyterian minister known to many Tasmanian?. The Otago Daily Times thus rof. ra to their demise -. ''The friends of the Rev. A, D Thomson, who was recently settled as Presbyterian minister ntOtepopo, will regret to learn of a sad bereavement. which has afflicted him two bright, intelligent girls, aged 3 and 5 respectively, having been carried off. Three of the girls were seized with some mysterious lunn of illness, rapidly became union clouds, and in the case of two of them remained so till death. They passed away within half an hour of each other. The third girl, aged 10 years, has recovered oontoiouannts, and is doing its well as can be expected. The large number of people that assembled at the funeral showed how deeply the district had been moved by the children's sudden decease. Impressive services were conducted at the base by the Rev. Mr. Clark, of Palmerston, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Nichol, of Hampden. At the Ki ave, after the hymn " Safe in the arms of Jesus " had been sung, Mr. Clark addressed the children, and afterwards the adults. The Rev. Mr. 'Vr ght, of Oamaru, concluded the service with prayer. Mr, Thomson feelingly thanked those present for their kindness and sympathy, and asked for the (ii ay ors of Christian friends on behalf of his remaining daughter, The funeral cortege was probably the largest ever seen in Olupopo. The only remaining, daughter seems now to be rapidly recovering, after two and a half days' unconsciousness. The rest of the family (two boys, 7 and 2) remain untouched by the strange form of illness, Three medical men have diagnosed the disease as what the French call influenza asphalting, producing no pains anywhere but in the brain, which caused the two to I |>»»i away within half an hour of each other after six days' illness. Franklin The anniversary services in connection with the Franklin Congregational Church were conducted by the Rev. T. Howard-Smith, on Sunday, the 24th ult, and passed off very successfully. The singing, which was mostly Congregational, was a man and feature of the vices, and of an excellent character, and was led by a large, choir, which had been greatly strengthened by several singers from Hobart and Huonville. Mr. J. M arah, organist of the Memorial Church, Hobart, presided at the organ. At the morning's service the solo, "Oh that thou hadst hearkened," was sung by Mr. Mervyn Henry, and at the evening service the solo " Glory to thee my God this night was sung by Mr A. Spencer Brownell. The evening service was concluded by the choir singing the Vesper hymn. On the evening of the 25th ult. one of the most successful concerts ever held in the Huon was given in the Town-hall by a number of lady and gentlemen vocalists of Hobart. The concert was given on behalf of the funds of the Congregational Church. The platform of the hall had been tastefully decorated with tree ferns, ornamental plants, and grasses', and presented a very pleas- ing appearance, while the hall was crowded to the doors with an audience which appreciated the excellent rendering of the various items, and frequently demanded the recall of the performers, Those who took part were Misses Sylvia Mills, Gertrude Summerhayes, and Mabel Barnett ; Messrs J. Marsh, Mervyn Henry, Spencer Brownell, W G. Peacock, and. Brownell, The concert was concluded by the singing of the National Anthem. I am Concert and Operetta On Tuesday evening week, at the Tasmanian-hall, under the patronage and presence of the Governor and Lady Gormanston, Mdme. Cecilia Summerhayes, assisted by Miss Gertrude Summerhayes and several accomplished local amateurs, will give a concert, to be followed by she performance of a comic opera. Baseballers exhibition match will ' take place on Wednesday afternoon. An opportunity will thus be afforded the public of witnessing the great national game of America, and as the players engaged are showing skill and proficiency in the game, a capital afternoon's enjoyment should result. V.D.L. Bank Lottery. Reminder is again given that the list positively closes on Wednesday next. V.M.O.A. Anniversary This organisa- tion will celebrate its 14th anniversary with a tea meeting in the Temperance hall on Thursday next. Madame Antoinette an interview with a Sydney newspaper man Madame Antonio, who will be remembered as having visited Tasmania with f Fitzgerald's circus, remarked that " the hardest work she ever did was on the recent tour in Tasmania. On one occasion we travelled 40 miles in the waggons to Circular Head, and gave a show that night which commenced at 11 o'clock ; my turn was about 1 o'clock. The same day there was a marinée, a show at night again, and at day by esk next morning we were off in the steamer. I don't think that will soon be beaten. But that was only once ; it would not do to occur often." 