-f- , Thinfl in General. \- (By " Martindale.") , . . Though wo.have the usual round ot ponyraumti > and a regular horse meeting onoo a -week, just at the presout time turf business appeara to be very slow. Mr. O'Hara mado an effort to liven it up last Satur day by issuing no end of invitations to tho ladies. Quito a number responded and made an excellent show in tho Rosehill grandstand. Rosehill race course is a very pleasant place, and can bo reached without any inconvenience. It wan most unfortunate on Saturday that an en«ino should break down, and thus cause a serions delay, especi ally aa there were quite a number oE ?what might bo termed "now people" aboard. This would mako no difference to the old stagers, who would rather welcome tho mÎBhap as giving an extra hour to thc play of nap or whisky poker. It is very rarely that" anything happens. to our racecourse special trains, as tais Í3 only tho socond, so far as my memory servos me, in several years. The question is often asked, why do the ladios not patronise our race meetings more freely than they do ? No doubt if Mr. O' .si ara keeps up to his new idea of issuing invitations we shall soon soe Rosehill a regular ladies' race course, as they will find everything to their taste with its spacious luncheon and tea rooms, woll kept lawn, and beautiful flower beds. Thc most surprising thir.g that occurred last Saturday at Rosohill was tho news that Cremorne Lad won the Caulfield Cup. At first many could not believe it, as after his defeat in thc Toorak Handicap his Cup chance was voted as . nil. Thc only people in Sydney who did not appear to loso faith in him were tho lawyers. Even after his defeat in the phorfc race they renaainod loyal to the loggy son of Glorious, why it would puzzle them to ton, but they did so and won their money. Tho Ivinning of tho Cup by Cremorne and defeat of New haven in tho GuineaB will long be remembered, and quoted a3 a couple of theromarkaUe incidents on the colonial turf. There passed away last week one of our most popular publicans, Mr. Joseph Milthorpe. Who that has ever visited Newcastle in the good old times, when the Terminus Hotel was the ren- dezvous of the Newcastle Jockey Club, did not meet Joe Milthorpe. The Terminus was quiet, and well it was kept, too. Afterwards Mr. Milthorpe removed to Sydney and acted as host at the York Hotel, and afterwards at the Criterion. Clad in a neat grey tweed coat and trousers with a white waist coat Joe Milthorpe was a familiar figure on all our leading racecourses. He always had a bit on his fancy, and once or twice hit the "books" pretty heaviiy. Business worries, however, preyed on him at the last, and the once-jovial host of the Terminus was only the ghost of his former self during the last couple of years. We can ill spare a man of Mr. Milthorpes stamp. He was especially adapted to the life of a landlord of a good hotel, knew his business, and how to treat customers, another well known Newcastle man also died last week, Mr. Denis Driscoll, who for some time acted on the committee of the old club. For Romo time past there has been a growing in clination amongst a portion of tho Sydney public to view t!.c racing upon our different racecourses with out paying for it. At Randwick they assemble in great force in an unused Etreet at the back of the course. Hero they have a clear view of Ike whole proceedings from an excellent vantage ground, as itis on the sido of a hill overlooking tho track. On race days fully 500 people assomble, and thoy can bo accom modated with wagers, too, from a penny upwards. At Canterbury Park they also locate outside, and tho same at Kensington, Rosebery Park, and Moorefield. At the last named place a popular stand with quite a / number is on the Bteps of a church, while the road in the vicinity is crowded. An effort is being made bf those interested to have all this put a stop ti, as if it is not thcro will soon te moro people outside than in. To this end photographs were taken of the crowd afc various times on tho last occasion of a race meeting at-Moorefield. With these in their posses sion, the polieo have commenced proceedings against tha most prominent of thoso who wore carrying on tho business of bookmaking. A case which occurred in England somo years ago, in whioh a street wa3 ruled as a place by Justice Hawkins, will be oitod in support of the prosecution. Of course, if tho betting \- is not allowed, tho crowds will soon move, as it is not soifily for tho purpose of watohing the race that thoy stand out for hours on a dusty road in the broiling sun. Tho Caulfield Cup baa still left us with that vexed question ansottièd-can Hopscotch stay ? There aro Btill many who think that he can, and as evidence point lo the position ho hold in the last Melbourne Cup. Certainly tho son of Terara did run well ia that right up to tho turn, but that is only a littlo moro than a milo and a half, and it is only afc that point that tho great struggle commences. In last Saturday's raco Hayos appears io havo made a lot of uso of his horse, while it is said that ho rode a nioo waiting race iu front in tho Toorak Handicap. There is a great difference botweon tho two race», aB the paco in tho milo would be much botter than in tho Cup race, so that there would be no necessity for fi hting with him. Up to the present time Hop-cotch has done nothing to war rant ono in Baying that ho can stay, and .wo shall havo to wait until the first Tuesday in November for further evidence. When trainers took their departure for tho south, it was generally agreed that their toama wcro woak, but thoy have more than held their own by capturing tho biggest * àiï 'ot tho prizo money so far. Last Monday W. filler topk his departure with Sabretache, a colt that prom'isos to run very prominent at tho Flem ington mooting. Tho October race mooting at Randwick will bo held to-day, when tho different events may result as follow : HURDLE RACE. Goldstain ... .,. ." ," l Laddie.., ", ," ... "* 2 Chang ... ... ." "* 3 BEVERLEY HANDICAP. Malachite ... ," ," . ? ??? j -Ganmain ". ", . ," 2 Ophir ... ... . .., ... "" .???n BADMINTON STAKES. Honiton ," ,., ," 1 Bedavni ... ,., Mi 2 Gaulua... ... ... ... "" 3 WELTER HANDICAP. Chesterina ". ,., ... tn 1 Gozoozar ,.. ,., ," *" 2 Namesake ' ... ... ." "' o TYRO STAKES. DjinDjin - ... ... 1 ." ," i ÏVa ... ,.. ". . ", ... 2 Tapioca ... ... ... 3 At St. AlbanB, the St. Simon maro Elsie has slipped nor foal by Trenton, . . 