THE WIZARD BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. CHAPTER XI (continued.) It wa» midnight and Hokosa with hi« wife stood in the burying ground of the Kings of the Aniasuka. Before Owen came ii|K>n his mission it was death to visit this spot, except upon the occasion of the laying to rest of one of the royil blood, orto offer the annual sac rifice to the spirits of the dead. Even be neath the bright muon that shone upon it the place seemed terrible. Here in tho bosom < of the hills was an amphitheatre, surrounded hy walls of ruck varying from 500 to 1,000 feet in height, lu this amphitlmatre grew «¡rent mimosa thorns, und above them towered pillars ot granite, set there not liv the hand of mau, but of nature. It would seem that j the Amasuka, led hy some fine natural in stinct, had chosen these columns as fitting memorials of thtsii kings, at. least a departed ' .monarch lay at the foot of each of them. The smallest of these unhewn obelisks-it j (.'?was ahtiiit fifty feet high- marked the rest- I ' lng place of UniBuka, anil deep into the gran ite of.it Owen, with his own hand, had out the dead. King's name and date of death, sur- j . mounting the inscription with the symbol of the cross. _ Toward this pillar Hokosa made his way through the wet grass, followed by Norna, his wife. Presently they were there, standing one upon each side of alittle mound of earth more liku an ant heap than a grave, for, after the diatom of hts people, Umsiika had been buried sitting. At tho foot of each of the other pillars was a heap of similar shape, but many times as \ar¿e ; for the Kings who I slept there were accompanied to their resting J placesby numbers of their wives and servants, who had been slain- in solemn sacrifice that j they might attend their lord whithersoever he should wander. ' What is it that you would doï' asked Norna, in a hushed voice, for, bold as she | was, the place and the occasion awed her. «not do-iç with"joor',help.íi%^-.¡>,, :;M ^(tjlllpfèi^ "TJuisukä", tíie liing. Ah, I served him living, and at the last he drove mo away from his side. Now lie símil servo nut, and out of thu nowhere I will cull him buck to mind. .Will not this symbol defeat you V and HIIB pointed to the cross hewn in the granite. At her words u sudden gust of rage seemed to shake the wizard. His still eyes flashed, his lips turned livid, and with them he spat iU. on .he oross. .Xi has no power, ' he said. 'May it be ai cursodj#m|yf he who believes therein hang Upon îw^St has no power, but even if it hud, according to the tale of that white liar, such things as I would do have heirn done beneath its shadow. By it .the dead have been raised -ay, dead Kings havn buen dragged from death, and forced to tell the Beorets of the grave.'. Come, cotue, let us to the work.' .What must I do, husband ?' 'You shall sit you there, even ns a corpse sits, and there for a li^ifl^whilo you shalt die "biine«pint of him whosleeps (raMsSHP* ' W*U learn «SMÍMÍhings are known.' i^ÎSSï^riatn nf raidi' she skid. 'Can done otherwise V It cannot,'he unswered. 'The "spirits of the dead have no shape or form ; they are in visible, arid can speak only in dreams or through the lips of one in whose pulses life still lingers, though soul and body be already parted. Have no fear. Ere his spirit leaves you it shall recall your own, which till the corpse ¡scold, stays ever close at hand. I did not think to find a coward in you, Norna.' 'I am not a coward, as you well know,' she answered passionately, 4 for many a deed of magic we have dared together in [inst days; but this is 'fearsome, to die that my body may become the home of the ghost of a dead mau, who, perchance, having entered it, will bide there, leaving my spirit houseless, or per chance will shut up the doors of my heart in such fashion that they never can be - opened. Can it not be done by trance as aforetime ? Tell me, Hokosa, how often have you thus talked with the dead?' 'Thrice, Norna.' . 'And what chanced to them through whom you talked}' ? '. . 'Two lived and took no harm; the third died, because the awakening medicine was not powerful enough. But fear nothing ; that which I have with me is of the best. Norna, you know my-plight. I must win wisdom, and you alone can help rae, for under his new rule I can no longer buy a youth or for purposes of witchcraft, even if one found titted for the work. Choose, we go back br forward? Here help us, for those entranced o future, nor can they hold ith^the dead, being but asleep, %. ^ , £,«6., uns wared. 'Never yet have I^jptt^ijrjbUk upon a venture nor will I do sol^V.y'jJoító'é'life, come death, X will submit j^t^tj^^hoagh there are few women who WJO*1JIÈ& for atnyvman. Nor in trutS^|^^|¡p}fit for you, Hokosa ; I do it because l4f«èek power, and ihusxonly can we win it who are fallen, ' Also I love all things, and desire to commune with the dead, and to know that, if for some few minute! only, at least my woman's breast hus held the spirit of a King. .Yet, I warn , y nu make no fault in your magic, for should J die beneath it, then I, who desire to live nu and to be great, will haunt you and be avenged upon you J' 'Ôb,/Nomaî'he said. If I believed that there WM any danger for you should I ask you to do this thing-1 who love you more . ¿ven than you love power, more than my life, .«nore than anything that is or ever eau be?' ..; » I know it, and it-is to that I trust, ' she .answered. '¿¡Tow, begin, before my courage lleaves me.' :y-[.-ïï-S'.& c.- . 'Good,' ho said;, ' Seat'yourself, there up «o'n the mound, resting your head against the .intone?;." '"?-"'. ? y ':- ' She, obeyed, and, taking thongs of bids «which he had ready, Hókosá bound her wrists v'añJ-ankles, as these people ..hind the wrists ' I sleep. Whither shall I go 1 It is th« true sleep-test me.' ' Pass to the house of the white mari, my rival. Are you there ? . I am there.' ' What does he Î' ' He lies in slumber on his bed, and in hit slumber he mutters the name ot' a woman, and tells her that he loves her, hut that duty is more than love. Oh, call me back, I can not stay ; a presence guards him and pushes me thence.' 'Return,' said Hokosa, starting. 'Past through the earth beneath you and tell me what you see.' - ' I see the body of the King; but were it not for his royal ornaments none would know him now.' . Return,' said Hokosa, ' and let the eyes of your spirit he open. Look around you and tell we what you see.' 'I see the shadow« of the dead,'she an swered ' They stand about you, gazing at you with angry eyes ; hut when they come near you something drives them back, and I cannot understand what it is they say.' ' Is the ghost of TJuisuka among them V ' It is among them.' ' Bid him prophesy the futura to me.' ' 1 have bidden him, hut he doos not an swer. If you would hear him speak it must be through the lips of my body, , and hist my body must be emptied of my spirit that bis may find a place therein.' ' Say, can his spirit be compelled V ' It can be compelled,or that part of it that still hovers near this spot, if you dare to speak the words you know. But first a house must be made ready for it. Then the words must he spoken, and all must be done before a man can count 300, for should the blood begin to clot about my heart it will be still for ever.* ' Hearken,' said Hokosa. When the med icine that 1 shall give you does its work, and the spirit is loosened from your body, let it not^o^afar, whatever tempts or threatens it, and^&uijer; not that the death cord be severed, leswflesh and spirit be parted for ever.' ll'^L^èar, and I obey. Be swift, for I grow Then Hokosa took from his pouch two medicines ; one a paste in a box, the other a fluid in a gourd. Taking of the paste he knelt upon the grave before the entranced woman and swiftly smeared it upon the mucous membrane of the inoath and throat. Also he thrust pellets of it into thu ears, thu nostrils, and the corners of the eyes. The effect was almost instantaneous. A change came over the girl's lovely face, the last aw ful change of: death. Her cheeks fell in,- ber chin dropped, l.er eyes opened, and her flesh quivered convulsively. Thu wizard saw it all by the bright moonlight ; then he took up his part in this unholy drama. What it was that he did cannot be de scribed, because it is indescribable. The Wive 11 of Endor repeated nuformulu, hut she raised the dead, and so did Hokosa the wizard. He buried his face1 in the gray dust of the grave, li« blew with his lips into the dust, he clutched at thu dust with his hands, und when he raised his face again, lo 1 it was gray like the dust. Then began the marvel ; for, though the woman befóte him remained a corpse, from the lips of the corpse a voice .issued, and its sound was horrible, for the accent und tone of it were masculine, and the instrument through which it spoke-Noma's I throat-was feminine ; yet it could be recog nised as the voice of Umsuka, the dead Kin». ' Why have you summoned me fiom my rest, Hokosa,)' hissed the voice from the lips of the huddled corpse. ' Because I would learn the future, spirit of the King,' answered the wizard, boldly, but saluting as he spoke. 'You are dead, and to your sight all the gates are opened. By the power that I have, I command you to show ino what you see therein concerning myself, and to point out to me the path that L should follow, tu attain my ends and the ends of her in whose breast you dwell.' At once tho answer came-always in the same horrible voice : ' Hearken to your fate for this world, Ho kosa, the wizard. You shall ti in ni ph over your rival, the white niau, the Messenger, and by your hand he shall perish, passing to bis appointed place. By that to which you cling you shall be betrayed-aye, you shall lose that which you love anil follow after that which you do not desire. In the grave of er ror you shall find truth,' from thc deeps of sin you shall pluck righteousness. When these words fall upon your ears again, then, wizard, take them for a sign, and Int your heart be turned. That which you deem uccursed shall lift you up on high. High shall you sit above the nation and its King, and from age to ago the voice of the people shall praise you. Yet, in the end comes judgment, and there shall the sin und the atonement strive together, and in that hour, wizard, you Bball-' Thus tho voice spoke, strongly at first, but growing evermore feeble as the.sparks of life departed from .the body of the woman, till at length it ceased altogether. .What shall chance to me in that hour? Hokosa asked, eagerly, placing his ear against Noma's lips. ' . No ans wer came, and the wizard knew that, if he would drag his wife back from the door of death, he must delay no longer. Dashing the sweat from his eyes with ' one hand, with the other he seized the gourd of fluid that he had placed ready, and, thrusting buck hei head, he poured its contents down her throat and waited a while. She did not move. In an extremity of terror he snatched a knife and, with a single cut, severed a vein in her arm. Then, taking some of the fluid that remained in the gourd in his hand, he rubbed it roughly upon her brow and throat and heart. Now her lingers stirred, and now, with horrible contortions and every symptom of agony, life returned to her, the blood flowed from her wounded arm, slowly nt first, then more fast, and, lifting her head, she spoke. « Take me henoe,' she oried, * or I shall go mad, fori have seen and heard,'things too terrible to be spoken I' ' What have you sean and heard ?' he ask ed, while he out the thongs that bound her wrists and feet, , | ; « I do not knpw,' she answered,/ weepj,n.g ; ' the vision of tjveni nasses ; frbm V,!ne, >'^.4ú^ the digjiinces of death.. were opene£?f'?:&, ^r:-^A,,m^M. through ,thoit<v>^; I- F^ÄmBthtm. wr /psi.-^ to my heart, and as he passed from me he looked upon the child that I shall bear and eui aed it, and accursed it shall be. Take me hence, O you most evil man, for of your wizardries I have had enough, and from this day forth I am haunted.' ' Have no fear,' answered Hokosa ; * you have made the journey whence but few re turn, and yet, as I promised you, you have returned to wear the greatness you desire ana that I sent yon foi th to win, for hence forth we shall be great. Look, the dawn is bre iking-the dawn of life and the dawn of fiower, and the »mists of death and of dis grace roll back before us. Now, the path is clear, the dead have shown it to me, and of wizardry I shall nend no more. ' Ay,' answered Norna, ' but night follows dawn as the dawn followsnight, Bnd through the darkness and the daylight, I tell you, wizard, henceforth I nm haunted ! Also, be not so sure, for, though I know not what the dead have spoken to you. yet it lingers on my mind thar, their words have many mean ings. Nay, speak to me mi more, but let. us fly from this dread home of ahnstR, this hab itation of the 8piritfolk that we have vio lated.' So the wizard and his wife crept from that solemn place and saw (he dawn beams light ing upon the white cross that was reared in the Plain of Fire. . % '. I TO BE CONTINUED. 