OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER IIP A SIGHT tip TERROR. The clnrlzncss of emlrtsn nigbt seUJed uawn upon the doomed vessel and the desolate s.iorc near which she lay. 'J’be sea rose higher an 1 higher, great waves,life mountains, struck the strip, lltL ing her up, and dashing her heavily against lie'racks. \Viv.uU, Cue long threatened cale came on, tearing tiirouun the bln-jir fog like a shri-king demon, an.l beating the poor floundering Nautilus with such merciless fury that she began to show sure signs of going to pieces, Far away in the black distance hoarse thunders bellowed, and at intervals a red flame of lightning leaped out. gi ving the_ponr souls hndiiled on the deck a glimpse of tea awful doom that awaited them. Shrieks and wails of lamentation rose above the clamor of the storm, and cri'.ry tiiimitc some poor creature was .dashed into tin* sea. The captain, driven wild with ter ror, secured the only available boat, and *,rith some half a dozen men, deserted the i-iiiu. but the boat was swamped almost in stantly, hastening the fate the occupauts were so desirous to escape. In the midst of all this awful peril, while the Naulilus shuddered under him, and the groat waves rushed over her, sweeping off rb.r.ens of poor souls to untimely death. An dtew Bruce made his way to that part of the deck where the dead "man had lain await ing burial, The body lay there still, sewn up in the hammock, and" thrown into a sheltered cor ner, where it escaped the full force of wind and water. While scores of living men had been swallowed up by the sea this dead man Andrew Bruce saw the shrouded figure, by the flash of the lightning, and put forth bi3 foot and touched'it. His face, a3 he stood there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange look—the look o’f a man beset by some strong temptation, to which he was not wholly willing to succumb. For"live minutes, perhaps,lie hesitated, his face ashen white, his breath coming in labored gasps, then suddenly lie fell on his knees beside the corpse of the man who had been bis friend. o I may as well take them,” lie muttered. “ Where's the harm? And there’s no telling what they are.” He drew a small knife from his pocket, and opened the keen, slim blade. Then, with a few rapid strokes, though lie worked in utter darkness, he cut an opening in the lmmmock much larger than was necessary for the purpose, for lie rent it more than half its length. With eager hands he groped for a few moments around the dead man’s bosom. Ho found the miniature and the package of letters, and drew them forth. The package was warm, so was the ivory case of the miniature. So also was the bosom from which lie had taken them, drenched as it was by the sen; but in his terror and hurry, Andrew Bruce took no note of these strange facts. He had the miniature and the. letters in his own breast, looked about him with startled glances, to be certain thi3 robbery of the dead had not been witnessed, and then lied away to make au effort to save his The dead man lay where he left him ; the hammock cut away, his chest and his face both exposed. An awfully ghastly face it was, as a sudden lightning flame illuminated the deck for an instant, n face very like unto death, l'et on the right check there was a long gash, made by Bruce’s careless and cruel knife, and from this wound a slender stream of red blood trickled. Andrew Bruce, having secured the papers he coveted, hurried forward just ns the Nautilus parted amidships with a thundering noise, ne had secured a life- preserver, and then made his way to that part of the wreck which was nearest the coast. The black waves were strewn with bits of timber, and floating chests, and boxes, and to these dozens of poor souls clung, straggling for life, be ing beaten down every minute by the restless W There was small chance of CBeape ; little bone of life, bnt Andrew Bruce was resolute Lo risk his fate. lie was a daring man, and an expert swimmer. While an effort re mained to him he would not stand and wait for death. He was on t-bc point of leaping off the wreck, which was momentarily going to pieces, when a shall cryarrcstcd his attention —a child's cry. He looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing a fitful light upon the scene of horror, showed him a child just below him, clinging with both frail arms to the vessel’s side, his poor, imploring little face looking up but a hand’s breadth above the seething sea. The child was the son of the dead man lying on the deck beyond. Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a glance, and with a thrill of surprise. He thought he lmd gone to his doom lung ago. Seeing him thus, however, his first impulse was to save him. He could save him, and give him a chance for life. He actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his ears ; bur a sudden thought struck him, and he stood irresolute. “ If I save him, he may come between me, and—and—what I hope for,” he slowly mut Wliile he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over the wreck and the child was swept away. With a frantic leap. Bruce gained the open sea beyond the wreck, and began to battle for his life. But his very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed; for in that swift moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, became a viKnlrver. The rubicon of crime was passed ; and henceforth bis course would lead downward. The opportunity had been given him to make his choice between right and wrong, and he had chosen the latter. A c'oudlcss morning followed that night of death and horror, and golden sunshine beamed down upon the sullen sea and the drenched shores strewn with debris of the wreck and the ghastly faces of the drowned. Swnrms of people flocked to the scene from all quarters, some eager for plunder, others merely curious to see, and a few in tent on good purposes. Among the laiter were two or three peasant women from the neighborhood of St. Halo. “ Look, Ciotilde I look!” cried one of them a florid dame, speaking in her native tongue, “ tbere’e a little lad, no bigger than your Andre, all dead and drowned, poor little Lots of them went down last night, poor fellows. Here, mate, lend a hand here, will you ? Let us take this chap over to the guard-house ; he has got a queer look some how for a dead man. I can tell a corpse by the look, and the feel, too. There's a Bpark o’ life somewhere here, if I’m not muchmis ' The men carried the body off toward the guard-bouBe ; while the women weeping and chattering by turns, tenderly lifted the boy and hurried away in the direction of St. Halo, It is a month later, and Ciotilde has re turned to her own cottage in the valley of the Loire. The summer is well over, and the lime leaves are growing yellow, and the vineyards hang laden with purple clusters Ciotilde is looking for her hushands’s re turn. He has been abroad for over a year ; but his last letter which reached her months ago, told her to expect him before the winter set in. Accordingly, she lias cut short her visit to her sister, near St. Halo, and lias re turned home to make ready for her husband’s coming. She sits in the cottage porca .ms sumiy afternoon, watching her two children as they plsv beneath the limes. She calls them both her own, and loves them almost with an equal fondness—her son Andre, and the little storm-waif, the boy found on the coast-on the morning after the wreck. They restored him to life, she mid Rachel, and Ciotilde lias brought him home with Andre to her own cottage. “ The dear little fellow,” she thinks,watch ing the two children as they follow their hoops. “Oh, I do hope that Andrew won’t mind my keeping him when he come3. I should so bate to part with him!" Even while these thoughts fill her mind the vine-leaves rustle behind her. She looks up and utters a cry of joy. Her husband stands before her. !‘Ob, Andrew, have you come at last V She flies to clasp his neck, but h« putt bi» iwd hfifl jpjlda ber off, ■ “HoiTt be a fool, Clotilda," be says,coolly. “Yes, I've come, nnd I'm thoroughly used up. Bring me a glass of wine.” As see looks at him her eyes dilate with horrified wonder. “ What ails you 2 Vvhat do you see that you stare at me so 2” he demanded with a brutal oath. She clasps her hands across '.her loudly throbbing heart. " You have changed so,” she whispers.awe and terror inher voice. “Oh, Andrew, what has come over yon ?” A harsh laugh escapes him, a laugh by no means pleasant lo hear. “ Oh, a great deal—more than I can toll you now,” he answers, iso wonder yon find rno changed. The whole world has changed for me. Tou shall hear it ail in good time. But let me have the wine now.” She; turns from him like one in a dream. “ What is the cause of his strange de meanor?” she soliloquises. “What has changed him so fearfully ?” At this moment, the two children enme running np, hand in hand, flushed and 'rosy from their play. Andrew Bruce turned round to greet his own son, and thus came face to face with the son of his dead friend. I He whitened with craven terror, and his very knees shook under him as if a spectre had confronted him. ■ “ I’apa, papa,” cried Andre, running to his cidc, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without greeting or caress, and stood staring at the other child with distending eyes nnd gasping lips. <‘ I saw him go down ; I saw the waves sweep him off; and here he is he vacantly muttered. Clotihle returned with the wine ; he seized the glass and swallowed the contents at a draught . “ That hoy 1 how came lie here 2 he de manded then, pointing toward Richmond. Poor Clotihle trembled. Her English hus band had never been over tender to her, nnd now there wa3 something in his face that filled her with terror. “Andrew,pray do not be angry, she began, clasping his arm with two beseeching hands. Rut lie threw her from him vitli an ' “ Answer me,” ho replied, hia surprise and terror giving place to wrath ; .“ where did yon get that boy 2” “ There was a vessel lost off St. JIalo a month ago,” Clotihle faltered— “And"he was en her ;” lie interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over his face. “He drifted ashore. I might have known. And i«« saved him, and have him here. CurseVou, I'll have your life for it!" lie seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fancied that her hus band had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for heiie clutched her throat until 'her face be came purple. . . . “ Andrew 1 Andrew! for Ileaven s sake do not murder me 1” she gasped. “I will send the boy away—” “No! no l no! he interposed, with ter rible vehemence. “ I’ll murder him, I'll have his life I How dare he conic hack to stand between me and my good luck 2” Ho threw Clotilde from him with a force that dashed her to the floor of the porch,and rushed upo'n the affrighted child. “ Curse you I” he hissed between liis set teeth. “You shall die !” The lad shivered with terror, as the man’s iron grip clutched him, but he looked up with clear, brave eyes. “ Why do you want to murder me, Andrew Bruce?” he asked, simply. Yon promised my father to take care of me, and take me to England.” This simple question went to 'the guilty man’s heart like a knife, and for one minute be felt a pang of genuine remorse. “Yes, I promised him,” he gasped, in hoarse accents, “nnd called God as my wit nL]le stagccred back a pace or two, and sank into a sdit, covering his face with his night do i Clotilde loo late now,” he muttered. “I vho by this time had regained her ;el, appn ehed "him, and laid her hand on to the house, Andrew,” she en rented. / IXZon are not well, you’ll feel ettcr wli oh-ou have rested." Her voi qrecaUcd him to liis senses, and ul£? ....__ Pry irresolution vanished. evil with! :Vhim was growing so strong good so wlak. fifteen the won’t give it up. i have to give it all up,” he mut renffrey Trevethon, baronet,with a year I Think of that 1 I He leape rushed at t “He she He struc the temple. Tto his feet with a hoaise cry and ie boy again. iiol five to thwart mv plans,”hc shall die I” i he child a brutal blow full on a s'ngnn ugly wound,nnd felling him to the tiioor, where he lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror.' ! But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oaths. ‘ Take himrip and carry him into the kit chen,” he Commanded. “ When it grows -dark I’ll tjd’row him into the Loire." Clotilda obeyed without a word, Bhivering in every lamb with mortal terror. She laid the child tlown on the lounge, covered his ghastly blo’oil-stained face,and then crouched down herself with her Eon at her knees, watching her maniac husband,as she deemed him, with'affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. “ You think me mad 2” he asked,divining her thoughts." Well, I am mad—drunk with my own good luck, Clotilde I There’s nc need to tremble so ; the fit is off now ; it was tiie sight of that boy there that brought it on ; but he lies quiet enough. lie won’t arise between me and my good fortune again! Sit still, Clotilde ; I havemysenses back now ; I won’t hurt you, my girl; I’m awfully glad to see you; and I have a wondrous story to tell you. But get Andre snug in bed, and fetch out some cold meat and a bottle of wine before I begin , that’s a good lass 1” Clotildle arose to her feet, but her limbs refused to support her. “Runaway to bed, Andre,” she whispered, clinging to the window-sill for support. Run away, like mother’s good boy.” Her son, still in terror of his father, crept (cit casting a wistful glance at the couch where his unconscious playfellow lay. Then ibe wife turned her ghastly face upon her husband. “ Andrew, for the love of Heaven, what ia ii 2 What has come over you 2” she faltered Are you mad 1" He laughed again, that ugly, murderous “I think I am,” he answered, " and so will you bo when you hear what I have to cell. Fetch out the meat and wine, Clo tilde ; my good luck hasn’t impaired my ap petite 1” “ But the child there ?’’ she cried ; “ the poor little lad, he'll die if we.do nothing for “ Will he? So much the better." The look in her husband’s eyes turned her • :ck and faint. He used to be a handsome can, tender and gallant, when his hot tem per was under control, and she loved him to adoration; but now she recoiled from him in shuddering fear. “ So much the better,” he repeated. “ As soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire." " But yon will he a murderer,” sheshrieked out, “and they'll bang you.” “I shan't give them the chance,” ho an swered, coolly. “I’ll throw the hoy into the Loire to-night, and Lofore the day breaks we shall be on our way to England." Sit down, Clotilde, and hear my story ; there's no time to lose.” The woman dropped into a seat from sheer exhaustion. “ I am not over fond of such jobs,” her husband continued, as ho uncorked his wine ‘‘ hut once in a while the end justifies the deed. Tou should not bare saved the boy from the wreck. Never meddle with what does not concern you. Clotilde, how would you like for your eon to be a baronet—a baronet of England, with an income of lftcen thousand pounds per annum 2” “ Don t call me Anurew, please,” l*,e con tinued, coolly. “ I bare changed my name as well as my fortune. Henceforth I am Geoffrey Trevethon, thy bite Sir Geoffrey’s only son and heir, and to-morrow I go "to England to claim tny title and estates 1 Fact, Cioii.de, upon niy soul—and that boy yonder, whose life via. nave been so anxious to save, that hoy would come between me and between Andre after me. and all this good fortune. Just think of that!" She iooked at him with wide, wild eves. '‘Andrew, Andrew, you are mad” g^s gasped. "How could all thia be 2” “No matterj U fii:( be, and that mf. S5e5.fi “ Sir Geoffrey Trevethon ! Wbat jiglit haveytB to his title and estates ? I have' h.»ard you say that he never married your mother. You are only an—” • Utter it at your peril,” he cried, spring ing acrow the room and seizing her by the throat. “If you ever allude to that again you are t. dead weenan 1 Sir Geoffrey Trevc ifaon d.j mt marry my mother. She was a poor actress, ana ne an Kijfcifsif- ijajonet. No matter; his tltlg and.,iiir>.vvepltii shall be mine all the satne,' Woman, beware how " Hist,” gasped Clolildc, some one is com lie released her, and regained hi3 seat just ns a peasant woman came in. “ Why, ivhat ails thee Ciotilde ?” she cried, shrilly ; “ wearing the lace o£ a ghost, and thy good man but just returned ?" The poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving bis wife a swift, warning glance. “ I found her in bed when I came home ; and the lad there is sick, too,” he con tinued, pointing to the lounge. . " What, Andre sick 1” asked the woman. “ No, no; the other lad; he's a weakly child, and I’m sorry Clotildo pioked him up ; but she’s loath to part with him ; so we must take him with us on our journey, I Bup ** Clotikle glanced at her husband in amazed awe. Not a muscle of licr serene, smiling face moved. "What journey? You are not leaving here?” questioned the neighbor. “ That’s it,” responded Andrew, pleasantly. “ We start for England in the morning. Sty business calls me, and Ciotilde is too delicate to be left behind.’' The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took her departure. Andrew accompanied her to the door, locked it after her, and pocketed the key. He lifted the handker chief from the child’s face as he crossed the loom. It was ghastly white, and to all ap pearances lifeless. "He is all right this lime,” he muttered, with fiendish content; then he turned to hia “ Ciotilde, get yonr crucifix," he com manded. Tremblingly she produced the crucma ' and while he held a pistol to her brow, fcs forced her to swear that she would never bo tray him. " Remember," he added, “ I am your hua [ band no longer; neither ib Andre your con, I am Geoffrey Trevethon ; my son is called Richmond, and you are his nurse and com panion. Swear also to this !" She looked up into his merciless face with imploring eyes. “ Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me off forever ? Think of the past, and how we have loved each " Old things have passed away, all things have become"new. As to the love between us, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevetlion’a banished sou and heir, and my wife died abroad. Do you comprehend ? Of course von do; and if you are a good girl, Ciotilde, ana love me at all, you’ll be williug to help me to bring this about. " Rut I am not willing,” she replied. “ It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad ; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, you are only an illegitimate B° Crack I went the revolver ; the (lash blind ing her, scorching her very face, the bullet whistling within an inch of her. bead. The poor c:e -.ture uttered a wild shriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless, " Silence 1” he thundered. "I missed you this time, but my aim will be sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, and go with mu and yonr child to-morrow, or will you die like a dog, here at my feet ? As sure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me iu'the work I have tn band. Come, now, you can liavo your choice ! I would sooner take you along, and I’ll do well by you. Wlmt do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed 1” The kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lonely cottage. She looked up at her Ipc e which mocked her with fiend ish cruelty.’ ^ " Oh, Heaven pity me? Yes, I will swear. The pistol was lowered from her head. "Tliat’sa sensible girl now,” commented her husband. "I'll fake you along, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you’ll lead a jolly life Ciotilde. Even if I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos session of my title and estates, I will pro vide for you handsomely ; and I’ll not for sake yon"either, for in spite of all this, I’m fond of you, Ciotilde. And you will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your son the heir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the lad aiv heir and successor.” She loaned her head upon her clasped hands, and made no movement or answer. “ Well, now,” he went ’on. “ One thing more, and we are done. You must swear never to leave me. You are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come—swear.” The cold steel touched her throbbing head again. It was a hard oath to take—to stick to this man and his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet not even bo his wife. But she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both wifehood and motherhood, nothing could move her. “ Yes, I swear,” she answered, quietly. He returned the pistol to his breast, and buttoned up his coat. Ciotilde looked at him, as she still knelt, wondering vaguely if he could bo the man who wooed and won "her girlish love? He had changed terribly in the brief time since be had surrendered his soul to the power of sin. But his voice brought her to her feet. " Come, come—look alive. There is no time to lose. You might pack up our best things, and have the boy all ready, and I will call upon Lareom.and instruct him as to wbat dis position to make of wbat we leave behind us. But this job must be done first.” (to nn CONTINUED.) 