LOCAL AND DISTRICT NEWS. \Ve believe it is the intention of the ladius of the Presbyterian Church. Lilv- I _ caouc. next. On Wednesday next Mr R. T. Kings will sell by auctiou. the household furuituie and effects of Mr F. Nottle, of Lilydale. See advertisement. We are reluctantly compelled to ho!d over a number cf items, including our reports of the sports held at Yarra = Gleu on Monday, and Seville aud Steel's Creek cricket match. We would remind our readers that now is the tuna for taking our electors' rights, and every one who claims to have the best iuteres 1 ; of the colony at heart should not neglect to avail himself of the privilege. A Sale of Gifts and Jumble Fair in connection with the Church of England, Christmas Hill, will be held shortly. The object is to raise funds to liquidate the debt on the building. For further par- ticulars our readers are requested to watch future advertisements. We have received from Messrs Gordon and GOICIL, through their local agent (Mr Hotson), Part III of Glimpse of Australia. It is an excellent number maintains the standard guaranteed by the publishers, aud is worth double the monev (one shilling) asked for it. The Lilydale Shire Council dealt with the estimates for the current year on Saturday last, Iu order that several veiy important works may be carried out iu the Eastern Riding this year, it is very probably that an extra fourpeuuy rate will be struck in that division. The anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Lilydale, will be held in the Athen^um Hall on Wednesday, December 9th. The anniversary, as usual, tikes the form of tea and public meetings At the latter the Rev. S. Hector Ferguson will give a dramatic recital, eutitled "Marley's Ghost." Mr R. T. Kings, auctioneer, Lilydale anuounces m another column that he wili hold a sale of properties at his auctioD rooms, Main street, to-morrow. The sale will commence at 2 p.m. This should be a splendid chance for investors or others m search of cheap properties to secure Rood value for their money. We would again call the attention of our readers to tbe entertainment in aid of the Mechanics' Institute, whicn takes place on Thursday next. Each character in the operetta is strongly represented, i -v, i llea 1 lo S maimer iu which the children do their work iu the choruses shovv^ the thoroughness of the training winch they have had. Considering thi object of the entertainment it is the duty of every loyal resident to support such au institution, aud we shall hope to s»e a bumper house on Thursday night. The public arc informed that the foundation stono <>f the new Convent of Mercy, Lilydale, will be laid on Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The fact that Hi« Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne will perform the ceremeny sho-ild be sufficient to attraci a large assemblage of the public, but the treat of hearing one of the finest speakers in Melbourne is further afforded through the Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J. attending to preach the occasional sermon'. With two such Laiented speakers those who attend may rely upon hearing sound talk. A general iuvitation to the public to witness th8 ceremony is given by the Rev. Father Honnessy. 