The New Zealand Sheep Destroyer. James Buckland in the 'English Illustrated Magazine.' It was in tho year 1870 that muttering* wore. first, heard of -ft new disea^ having ' broken, out among the flocks which depastured on the tussocky spurs which ' are thrown oat ? like buttresses from the Alpine range of the South Island of New Zealand, Shepherds told stra&ce; stories of. finding shocp prostrated, dying, from the effoots of a nore alwut the i^si? e^of p jnan'fl hand. the .seat of which iva over the kidneys. For a time, it was noticed that, tho number of Victims increased nightly, no one was able to account for the presence of this patch of raw flesh. * At length somo'ono surprised a kea, or mountiain parrot, settled .on tho bock of ajivo sheep, in. tho act of driving its beak into the ;anima]& body. No bird is more fearless or inquisitive thaii tho kea. Sometimes, when a shepherd is awav from home, it will approach his hut, pull the string yhich lifts the wooden latch of tho door and, entering-, proceed t-- make itself thor* oughly. at home. It wijl ransack every box with' the vulgar curiosity'of a landlady prying into a lodger's luggage. Should tho cut- of .-a ? coot or the^attcrn of a rug prove distasteful . to its critical eye it will not scruple to tear the ' -offending article to pieces, bestrewing tlie floor : 'j .with* its remnant*. ? It will drive Its long cur ▼od ppper mandible throngh. the bottom of all tho tin pots and pans it can find, strip tlie \- prints from tho walls, hurl the scanty store ojr crocVery to the floor, and, in fact, have a. vcr# good time indeed. ' If, before .leaving, it\ canj find a dog on the chain to tease to the varg^ ? -of madness, it will fly away all the better : pleased with flfe -.day's uport. The natural food of the kea' consists- of lavje . of insects, and l-errios andjidoja of xarious -alpine shrub* ? ana plants. i-y repwuumj uuium^ wa* mv faco of the country -for the purpoi*o of obtain ing fresh pasturage, the run holder repeat edly swept away all berry bearing shrubs and' ihsoctivorous'life alike in' a billowy sea of fl»rnBi ? On 'a dismal winter night, with little in it ? to soften tho hard lot of this feathered star-, reling, a famished kea must have come pok . ing about tho killing .yard, of some sheep , station,, seen the' strange sight of a woolly RVm Hanging over the fence rails, pecked at the fat which adhered to it in places, found it good and in- that act changed its feeding hab its, and, one might almost say, its whole nature. From picking pieces from the skins it proceeded to* feed upon the kidney-fat of on the meat gallows, and from that to prey ppon the living animals. This is all of tho origin of the strang^practi.co 'that we can bo at all sure of purstu$g ; aright, all that ^We shall ever know. To ' conceive how the .NjKrd, having selected the Bdney- fat on the -ffkeass a* a special delicacy, was able to toll :/^Hh such exactness where the tit-bit was sit vJEiodJu^ho living animal, is a task beyond So quickly did a camiverons taste obtain with the kea that in _the year 1880 : several sheep owners wero obliged to abandon their rims in consequence. On one occasion, during a single twelve-month, andthat in one comer of a run alone, these- birds destroyed i over orie thousand sheep. In districts whore ? they are plentiful' they liave been known to kills manv as two hundred healthy sheep in a : single night. - . ? - A few years ago shepherds wore mustering in a wild mountainous country district in tho vicinity of Lake AVhanaka. ' The cold and comfortless world tu^und slumbered on, with ? out fcky or sun, l»enoath an - overhanging ' blanket of frosty fog. As the little bancl or shepherds fought their way along a rugged spur — the Hast shrieking in their ears and ' the lashing their faces like wliip-cord— -juo of their number drew attention to soine curious ? ' looking heajis in a small _ hollow, a, short dis tance tolow them. IT liable to see clearly with the naked eye. ho brought his . glass to bear u]-on the s]*ot. Tlio next * moment he started rtwning'down the blope, followed by \- his companions. ' In the hollow there woro \- lying dead between! seventy and* eighty fat wethers, their ' fleecos fixed together and \- stiffened by the hoar frost. There could be ; i Ho ]-ossible doubt of thn way in which they 1 -had, 6ome by their death. Kach back disclosed a gaping woaiid. . ' Many voars ago, tKreo shopherds wero as sembletl' in - an out-of-the-way hut for the ' purpose of ' mustering*' ou the morrow. As 7 th'by eat round the fire smokjng and talking one of them expiensod disbelief in the stato ' ment that a kea would attack a living sheep. Tbe man- was a stranger in the district but * ^having recently arrived from the North Island . which would account for hi** ignorance in tlie matter. Tho argument waxing warm the sceptic . wagered a month's pay that if ho clothed himself in a sheepts. skin, went out upon the spin- and going down upon his hands anil knees feigned distress by imitating the plantive bleat of -a lost- sheep, no bird would daro molest him. Tlie wager was ac cepted, and the othor shepherds, tying the skin of a sheep which they hod that day killed about' their raat«r, Aratcbed him ilisappfar in tho darkness. It mw a wild night. From I time.Wi time tnu men ui mo ™ . | door niid j^erod into the darkness ynthont, I momentarily exi-pcti»s the return of their I con^^t?'. ' Oncc, towards mnini^ht, tiwy tei&SSKhe-;' h'-ard «l/» tlio shrieking of the pale a' cry. which, tboujrli but faintly audible; filled tbeir'fceats with a wnBo oi tar rolt Thev started oj- with white faces, and, hording their breath, listened. . Morning camo, bnt no man to claim bis wager. The two shepherds vearcbed diligently for their mate till sundown— bnt without Hurr-os. As- tlio day woro ou and brought them no relief, t ?.« remembrance of tlie ''ry they liad lieanl the precoiling ovening forced itself with everm creasing sijrnificance ujion their -minds. ? At length when d«rk shadow* lay in*olomn folds | ovor tbe ravines, and the mountain .crests I , looked dim ami ghost -like io the' waning light, I tlioy camo u].u him. How lie came to be I in the state iii which they found him will nererle fajewn.' Hi' wind was gono, anil ^ as for his bciy—it was in a condition which 1 ! do hot care !?- describe. . ^ FkaSCM m well as Kngland has h--r dmwra tion.'nr those who »*ve human |ivfs. Thf otbt-r duy, at tlie Troimli-ro, the .Sunj etu^* rwarded thoir me.lar lo Kugcne f'oiret, a b»b^ 3 yeaib old. A fi-w niouilis »S'. when thoboy was pl*vi iig with his younger brother ill the yard of bis home at M.rly.ls -Sille, ihe Utter, age.l 2, fell, bead foremost, iiSo a tubW water \- Eugene, ' a big fellow of 3,' ru-bW to the rckeue, but mraiteded only in holding bis brother ly his clo'bi-s. His loud cries for #- mama' were not heard, .and the little fists could hardly ' hol.l their heavy burden -iny longer. Th-n h,'- fell upon the ideu of calling ??Julie,' tbeiuiiiu by which bis frtthei -»ll.«l liif iriuthi r. This brought the mother upon the scene ; in another moment, she hid her tw * childreu iu her arm*, and a few hours t afiei wards the little ones bad forgotton their, i Ad^iMiturr 