WHAT BECAME OF THE GHOST. W. L. Aldex IX " Yule Thje." Simmons was an excessive and nn< necessary American. That was the unanimous verdict which liis fellow artists passed upon him when he made his first appearance in Paris. " Probably you don't believe in ghosts," said Simmons. " But if you'd _known as many ghosts as I've known, you'd understand that ghosts are as common as cats, and pretty near as in telligent. " Two years ago I was painting in Venice, which I consider the meanest town on this side of the Atlantic, and I can't say worse than that. It's ruinous and dirty, and inconvenient, and you can't get anything fit to cat in the whole place. It has the biggest ghost popula tion of any city in the world, though the general public doesn't lenow it. You see, the cemetery is mighty uncomfortable, there being at least a foot of water in every grave, and the consequence is that most of the people that are buried in Venice prefer to become ghosts aua wander around the town, where they can manage to keep dry. 1 was wanting to paint a picture on the Northern Lagoon, and one day when I was looking fur a good place to set up liiv easel, I saw a house standing just 011 the edge of the water, that looked as if it had been shut up since the time of Julius Ciosar. I saw that if I had a room in that house I could paint my picture without any interrup tion. and so I made inquiries about it. "Well, I found somebody who professed to be the agent or the owner of the house, and I rented a room for three francs a month. " 1 soon found that the house was a regular ghost barrack. They didn't show" themselves, but they made a lot of noise. There wasn't any lock to my room, and the first night I slept in it the ghosts opened the door, and let in a current of air that gave me a cold ; so I put-a cheap look on the door, which kept out the ghosts, though any ordinary burglar could have opened it with a nail. Some times the ghosts would come into my room while I was at work ; but beyond making the furniture creak, and occasion ally knocking something off the. table— for they are a careless lot—they didn't disturb me iu the daytime. But at night there seemed to he whole gangs or them going up and down stairs, and holdiug political meetings and women's rights conventions in the next room. Every now and then I used to get up and go out on the landing and ask them to remember that they were keeping • an inoffensive foreigner awake. " One day I went to the hank to draw some money that was coming to mo from America, and to cash a draft for a picture that I had sold to an English tourist. Altogether it made a good bit of money,, and the banker paid it to me in gold, because I never trust any of this foreign paper money. It filled a small bag, and as it was too heavy for me to carry in my pocket. I carried it in my hand, though the banker warned me that I was putting temptation in the way of the poor, and trifling with the feelings of the criminal classes. 1 had my dinner at a restaurant, and afterwards spent most of the evening at a cafe in the Piazza, where I used to go to read the papers." About i nine o'clock I heard thunder, and, riot having any umbrella, started in a ■ hurry for my room, " The storm came up more slowly than I had expected, hut soon ■ after I had' gone to bed it arrived, and gave a .first class exhibition of what Venice can do in the line of thunderstorms when she gives her whole mind to it. It rained as if the water had been emptied out of a thousand washtubs ; the lightning was so sharp that it half- blinded uie, and the thunder shook the whole house from top to bottom. As for the wind, it howled worse than a London milkman; and ns there was too tnuch noise for sleeping, I just lay in bed and amused myself watch in" the lightning. All at once, I sew something that I don't mind admitting gave me a start. I told you that King Arthur, as I used to call my suit of armor, always stood 111 a corner of the room. Well, I happened to be looking in that direction, when a flash of lightn ing showed me that King Arthur had moved about two feet away from the corner, and was standing perfectly still in his new position. I didn't mind J ordinary ghosts, but when it came to a ' suit of armor waltzing round a room by itself, I didn't like the look of it. I lay | there in the dark, trying to persuade my- J self that I had been mistaken in thinking | that I had seen the armor standing in the corner when I went to bed, and saying to myself that the woman who took care of the room must have moved it. I knew all the time that this wasn't true ; but: when a man is fool enough to bo frightened at a ghost, he is always fool enough to believe any moderate lie. But by-and-by there came another flash, and I saw that the figure had moved a couple of feet farther along the wall, and had one hand stretched out, as if it was feel ing its way in the darkness. Now I knew what was the matter. Some ghost had got into that suit of armor, and was walking around in it. " Probably the ghost that was inside ' of the armor found it difficult to walk in such a heavy suit of clothes. ' At any rate, he moved about as slow as a district messenger boy ; and if you know any thing about district messenger hoys in London, you know how slow that is. The next flash showed that the figure had left the wall along which it had been sliding, 3nd was coming straight towards the bed; It was only about fifteen feet from me, and my heart began to beat at the rato of about 3 hundred and fifty to the minute. " However, my fright didn't last many nnuutes. I reflected that a weak ghost in a heavy suit of armor would be about as useless for fighting purposes as a pro fessional pugilist who is 111 the habit of writing to the newspapers. I made up my mind that I would wait till the figure ; was close to my bed, and that I would : then jump on it and upset it on the floor, the chances being that I would have plenty of time to find the matches before ihc figure could get on its legs again. I gathered myself together for 3 spring, and waited till—according to my ealcula- | tion—King Arthur was within striking distance. Then I threw back the bedclothes, and made a jump for my: visitor. I struck him good and square, and we both came down with as much rattle and clatter and bang as if we had I been a dozen lengths of stove pipe. "I stood for :t moment v/owlering what I had better do with my visitor, just to teach him a useful lesson, when I happened to think of a stick of solder that I had bought one day when I wanted to mend several cracks in the breastplate of King Arthur. I lit uiy spirit lam]), boated my soldering-iron, and laying- King Arthur in a handy position on his back, began to solder the different pieces of his armor together. I soldered his front and back plates till nothing less than a cold chisel could have unbuttoned thorn ; I soldered his helmet tight to his shoulders, and I soldered his leg-pieces from the hip down to the foot. I worked over the job for a full hour, and when I had got through I had made him pretty near watertight. " 'Now, my ghostly friend,' 1 said, ' this will teach yon not to come into a gentleman's bedroom and take liberties with his curiosities. You've put yourself into that suit of armor without leave, and you'll stay in it till I'm ready to let you out, which won't be for some time. I'll just tie. your legs to the bedpost, so that you can't shuffle away before morn ing, and then I'll make up some of the sleep that you've deprived mo of with your foolish and indecent games.' " Well, I tied the figure's legs to the bedpost, and then I blew out the caudle and went to bed again. When I woke up in tbe morning it was broad daylight, and the storm was over. I looked over the side of the bed to see how King Arthur was getting on, and I never 'was i jxiure surprised in my life than I was to ■ find that he had gone. I jumped up and looked under the bed, that being the only place of concealment, in the room, but my friend wasn't there. The door was locked as usual, and the key was under my pillow. It was clear that ICinp Arthur must have gone out by way cf the window, and then I noticed that one of the front windows that looked out 011 the lagoon was partly open. I wont and looked out of it, but there was no figure in armor in sight. The tide was unusually high—higher, in fact than I had ever seen it before. Not a soul was stirring at that early hour, and after wondering what could possibly ha've become of uiy suit of armor and its wearer, I went back to bod for another nap." Simmons paused for a moment, and we all thought that lie had finished his story. I was just about to ask him what his explanation of the walking suit of armor was, when he resumed. " Do any of you fellows read Italian f" We all assured him that we did not. " Then," said he, taking a newspaper cutting from his pocket-book, "I'll translate a little paragraph that appeared in the " Adriutico "—the Venetian paper —ten days or so after my experience with King Arthur. Listen to this :— ' Yesterday morning two fishermen, Carlo Farbis and Antonio Seamozzi, made a discovery of the most horrible in the Canal of Burano. Seeing something shining under the water at low tide, they urriyed to bring it to the surface. It was a complete suit of armor of the fifteenth century. In addition to being fastened iii the usual way, the armor was soldered together, and when the fisliermeu had prized the visor of the helmet open, they were filled with horror to find that the corpse of a man, in an advanced state of decomposition, was enclosed in the armor. Evidently one treats of an atrocious murder, and the police are soon to make an important arrest.'" We all agreed that Simmons's adven ture was a remarkable one, and nobody ventured to express any doubts as to its literal truth. Simmons was hardly the sort of man , with whom to discuss a question of veracity. But after Simmons had gone hom'e, and left us still at the dinner table, the man who had been sitting next to bun picked up from the floor the newspaper cutting which Simmons had translated. It had been cut from " Galignani's Messenger," and not from an Italian paper; and instead of referring to a gruesome discovery by Venetian fisherman, it simply contained the hours of the departure of trains from Paris to London. 