CHAPTER V. Alban Challoner was attached to the English Legation at Paris. After five years in the East he had come back to Europe with a reputation for skill and daring in conducting difficult negotiations, which promised to carry him far in his profession. The Carlist war was barring the Pyrenean frontier, when it was found necessary to send important de spatches from tlie Embassy at Faris to Marshal- Serrano's army on the borders of Gmpuzcoa. A $peedy reply was wanted, and Alban volunteered to break through the Carlist lines with the despatches insread of sending them round by the safer but more circuitous route. '"You will carry your life in your hand. Every suspected spy is shot on the spot," said his chief. "I have juggled with toy life for thelast fire years with no worse results then you see. I will answer for the despatches; for the rest, it is my affair." So he Went. Beaching Biarritz he found himself among one of the oddest crowds that Europe isoula. master. There Were Refugees from £as Pro* vinzias, as the seat of war was called by Its inhabitants, anxiously awaiting news of the homes which they had abandoned at' a moment's notice, and many of which were already heaps of smoking ruins. There were emissaries from Don CarloS looking out for rolunteers or negotiating Joans; filUbusttjrs ready to_ sell their valiant persons to the highest bidder; jostled spies who were simi larly in -the market; journalists abounded, ana were the joy and prey Of ail the liars in Biarritz (and God Wot if those were many) and last, but not least, gamblers of all nations and both sexes, were going daily to Font arabia, where across the frontier an enterpris ing firm had started a gambling hell jtisf out of reach of the law of either country, and con tentedly roads their profit out of the political troubles of the day. Then there were the camp-followers of this motley crew.. No • wonder Biarritz was full. Into this witches' cauldron Alban plunged one evening, arriving by the day mail from Paris. He had turned over various, projects for accomplishing his purpose on the journey, and he. had come to the conclusion that' fits best chance lay in trading on the reputation for poking their noses into places where their presence is both unnecessary and. dangerous, which our countrymen have acquired abroad ;■' and he therefore decided to give himself out as ' a young Irishman come for a lark, Just to see a bit of a fight. Following out this idea, he took a room at the Hotel d' Angleterre as Mr. O'Halloran, and dined alone, not wishing to run the chance of meeting with acquaintances at the table d' h6te. There were folding doors between his room and the next, to which he demurred at first, but was told that Biarritz was so full he must consider himself lucky in getting a oomfortable room at all. Besides, the waiter added that the doors in question only led into the private sitting-room of an English " Milor,"and that heand his wife used it but little. Having eaten, and decided on his move ments for the morrow, Alban fell into a dose over the wood fire, which the chilly evenings of late autumn made desirable. The dangers of his enterprise seemed greater now that he was close upon the frontier. His fellow-pas sengers in tne train had been full of the savage reprisals which the merciless severity of the Government troops had evoked from the wild guerilleros. Dozing* off, he seemed to be a child again playing on the slopes at Keswell. His two playfellows were near him. Mab, with her golden curls floating in the wind, Hermia bright and earnest. They played in the woods at Giants. Blunderbore had taken the girls captive. He, Alban, was the rescu ing knight, Mab held out her arms. Terror was in her blue eves. "Save me—Ah! lam afraid," she cried. He started, and woke up in the bare hotel room. The great white-and gold folding-doors Were before him as when he fell asleep, but the voice was ringing in his ears. " You frighten me !*' it said again—and now he was wide awake, and the voice was Mabel's. Then a man spoke—" Write what I tell you. I must have £1,000 to-morrow. I must, I tell you; my honour is pledged." "I will write nothing more. Papa forbids me. It is madness. You have ruined your self, you are ruining me. Have some manli ness—some mercy—Dick. At least, 1 thought I married a gentleman when I took you." "We bought and sold. You are'Lady Kilve and your noble husband is a scoundrel. Your bargain has turned out less well than you expected. Bo has mine. Take that pen and sign." The speaker must have emphasized his words by some action, for there was a little cry of pain. "Let go!" Alban had risen while the above sentences were rapidly exchanged, and hardly knowing what he did approached the folding-doors. His fist was raised to smash them asunder, when with a mighty effort he controlled him self, hastily left hi9 room, and knocked at the door of the adjoining one. "Who's there?" cried Lord Kilve. Alban opened the door without more ado. Mabel in full evening dress sat beside the table, her poor little painted face looking pinched under the gas of the chandelier, her eyes wide with terror and grief. Behind stood Dick bending over her. He had seized her slender wrist—he dropped it now with a muttered oath. The handsome Dick Hardcastle was strangely changed— hasrgard, unkempt, deathly pale, save for some crimson patches like blood stains on his livid face; he was but the ghost of his brilliant past. Alban saw that he had been drinking. " Pardon mo fcr disturbing you at so late an hour, but I leave to-morrow early, and so old a friend I thought might be excused." He looked at Mabel, and his manner was as cool and composed as if they had met in a ball room. " Burely," she murmured, " I am glad"— she could' get no further in her speech of welcome. "You are tired, I see. Don't let me keep you up. I will see you to-morrow morning before I start, I hope. If Lord Kilve will be so kind as to step into my room, which is next to this, and smoke a cigar with me, I shall be glad." " I have business," muttered Dick. "I also have important business on hand. I believe you can inform me what time the gamers leave for Fontarabia to-morrow?" " I can, I am going myself." " Pray come with me, Lord Kilve. We can be mutually useful to each other. I will not detain you long." He shook hands with Mabel, who, seeming half bewildered by her reprieve, left the roon» by another door. When she was gone, Alh said shortly:— "Shall I speak here?" " As you please," said T)iok. "Look here, Lord Kilve/'saiVi Albxn, fixing his clear, prey eye on the dim orb of t-h® drunkard and gambler, "I had the misfor tune to ho dosing in the next room, when I was awakened by the sound of voices in this room. You know what I heard. Now. I have an offer to make to you; you can accept it and bo a man, or reject it and remain a eur. Harkt My business is one of life and death. Th® | G-overnment will pay a largo sum to get these ( despatches passed through the Carlists. My I professional reputation is at stake. I know n® I Spanish, and I am going to try and pass j through as a mad travelling Englishman wb® I has come to see the fun, but I absolutely ! require a servant who can speak the Jan ' gnage and who knows the country. I was trusting to my lucky star to pick up one. I remember heating that your mother was Spanish, that you speak the language like a native, mid that von used frequently to travel in these parts. Yon have also the type. Will you play for your life instead of builying your wife?" A Hiii's ra'.m. measured tone?; restored Tbck's i shattered faculties; he pulled himself together He saw the folly of reseating words; indeed, his better Self' re " mpa tibe money? I owe it; I must _ . „ and I give yooe cheque . ... rikerto-morrowmorning." added Smpaia«tttly.~- - "I tell youthey have trusted the thing to through. Theywill honour any *;;«l>wod^7di»w;" 7 "He Snow that half of it must oome from ■ Jris own poekct; be had only carte blanche ap ~tba certain sum, -buthe was willing to pay it ' for the Sake of his old dead love. Dead, since he looked on tho painted butterfly at the ebantenRbut sacred for all that. "Twill go,"said Dick. . :" Oome and borrow clothes from one of the waiter* hero,or rather tray_his, for we will take tbemto Fcmtarabia. You change thero aad j^u are Pierre Soto. my manservant, till we.oro inSerrano'e lines or in eternity." : ".Donol" said Dick, and this, strangely i assorted pair set forth. ; The Jittle town of Hernani echoed to the saundof the cannon posted on tbo heights be yond -the Urumea River, and which were pounding away at the great gates of the town. " These walled villages of the Vascongadas— for it is an exaggeration to call them towns— perched on hilltops, their brown church-towers in the midst, the nouses pressed together in side the encircling wall, tell a tale of centuries of. frontier warfare. Unprotected villages do not exist here, for they would have been burnt to the ground long ago. On tbo slope towards the river a country house with green shutters and a wide, .cool verandah covered with creep ing plants, stood amongst pleasant grounds. There was a strange contrast between its peaceful aspect and the great rent in the 'masonry of one corner, where a stray cannon-ball bad made its uadesired entry. The once carefully- kept garden was full of such missiles, which had torn up grass lawns and flower-bads. The house itself would have been burnt to the ground long ago, for the family had fled, but for one thing—that was the recT. cross which hung over the door. An ambulance had liecn established there, and even the ficrca mountaineers respected that «S.n' . . . ... A woman stood tinder the verandah looking anxiously down towards the river, where the remains of a fine old stone bridge, the middle arches of which-had been blown up, spanned the stream. She wore a nurse's dress, and the red cross was on her arm. A peasant with his arm in a sling joined her. "What is it. Juan?" she asked in Spanish, but her accent showed she was a foreigner. " They have caught two spies. Sant Cruz's men brought them in, and wero for flinging them in tho river at onee, but the captain has interfered, and they are being brought up here; one was wounded in trying to escape. The woman shuddered. The fighting cure, Santa Cruz, who like the bishops of tho middle ages, himself led his flock to the fray, was known to her, and the band of men he led wero, if the bravest, also the wildest and most fanatic among those daring and desperate guerilleros. " They may be innocent," she said. " It is not certain what may bo their busi ness. One says ho is a mad Ingles out for a frolic, and tho otner is his servant, bnt Santa Craz does not believe a word of their story," and el C pitan is going to enquire further. Ah I here they come." A little party of men appeared climbing the low wall which sepa rated the garden of the caea dc campo from the wiHow beds along the river side. Over they came,_ active fellows with spare lithe figures, holding themselves as men do who are used to carry heavy weights poised on their heads. They were all armed with guns and "navajas,"as the long knives are called, without which no Spaniard of the lower classes goes. On their heads they wore tho white Oarlisfc "gorro," round their waists crimson "fajas," or sashes, other uniform they had not. Their feet were shod with the san dals which are universally worn in the Vasoon gadas, and which have been adopted by all Spanish regiments on tho march, with the result that the soldiers never go footsore. The prisoners were hurried on in their midst with scant ceremony. As they came up tho slope bofore the house, the nurse gave a violent start, and leaned against tho pillar of the verandah. '' Good God ! Alban and Dick! What fate has brought them here together?" Uncertain whether any interference on her part would be for the good or harm of the prisoners, Hermia Tempest withdrew further into the shade of the verandah, and listened to their examination, herself unseen. Since she had thrown up her worldly life, upon her parting with I>5ck in the Bois de Boulogne, and after a year's training in a London hos pital, had come out with the English Ambu lance to this wild and cruel war, she had seen so many terrible scenes and witnessed such suffering and so many deaths, that her nerves were proof against any shock; she listened eagerly, ready to make use of the. slightest circumstance which might be turned to the advantage of the prisoners. Dick seemed un hurt, but Alban had a blood-3tained rag tied round his head and one arm hung powerless by his side; he had evidently not been taken without a struggle. In ■ the questioning which followed, Alban had to trust entirely to Dick's interpretation. Dick stuck to the tale of the mad Irishman O'Halloran; as for him self, ho was the servant Pierre, half-Spanish, half-French, and he had been engaged by Senor in Paris for the trip because he knew the country. The officer listened with the im movability of the Castilian. He was a hand some fellow of the high-bred, "courteous, and dignified type. When Dick had answered his interrogatory, he said— "This follow is not what he nays, I see it in his eyes, I hear it in the tones of his voice. Ho is not a servant nor hatf a Frenchman; I don't know what he is, except a liar, of which I am sure. As for the English loco, ho may be all that man says, he looks a fool, like all his countrymen, I would let him off were he alone, bnt the- companionship he is in condemns him. Take them both away, and hang them on the nearest tree 1" There was an instant's pause. Alban under stood nothing save the gesture, which he guessed to he condemnatory, and he folded his arms with an air of resignation. A wave of some Strange passion passed over Dick's face, and he looked down. Then he raised his eyes, and as he did so he .saw Hermia on the balcony, peer ing over the heads of the soldiers: she could no longer restrain herself, and was close against the railings, leaning over white and breathless. Alban was looking away across the river: he did not see her. Dick turned to the officer with a mocking laugh. " Yon are a clever fellow, mi Capitan, hut not. quite so clever as you think. As you have made np your mind to hang me, I may as well make a clean breast of it. I am a spy, but that English loco (madman) is not in the secret. He is my dupe. His errand in this country is one that a gallant fellow like you, C-apifan, will understand. He has come "in search of his sweetheart, who is nursing your wcranded aomewhem, abj^^agwi.^i 'eagp^a honourasa apaajardwill not dp^^tom ^*AI»^jBeraB> ooul^^^jBBiteribn^» «rjr* . AJtan turned—4'Hermia! Good God 1" VInhere! It it. not asl atad?" and Dick langhod sgaui,fiot a pleasant laugh to bean !,; The Oaptaio. twirled hie moustache. As Spaniard, a love- tale Was to him the most iikely and the roost excusable explanation of a youngman'sfolly. / - "Let the Englishman go to hisnwia/'ho \ said, after a minute's thought. "She is an angel and -may care him Of those scratches, and then marry him if ahe wiJL As for the spy, he must die, bat hi3 confession shall save him from the ignominy of hanging,-we will give him a soldier's death. Puthie back against the garden wall and let him have a bullet in his heart." The Captain walked away; the soldiers bnrried Hick with thorn round the corner of the house, and Alban was left free. Bewildered, he turned to join Hermia on the verandah, bat as he reached the step be staggered and fell, faint from the loss of blood. She wae beside him applying restoratives in a moment. Pre sently he raised bis head. " How is it? What did he say? Why am I spared?" " Diek Hardcastle saved you. Ah J" Two shots in quick succession near at hand told that a misspent life had ended, not ignobly. THE END. 