Review. In the Days When theWorld was Wide, and Other Poems. By Henry Lawson. Sydney : Angus and Robertson, Castlereagh-street. This is a companion volum to that which the same publishers have put out from the pen of Mr. A. B. Paterson and, we may confidently predict, it will become equally popular, It is in no respect an imitation, however the charm it possesses in regard to its predecessor is the charm of contrast. Mr. Lawson takes a more gloomy view of life than does Mr. Paterson; one is an optimist, the other a pessimist. And in each case the verse reflects the writer's mood. The poems before us were written at various dates in the interval between 1888 and 1895, and were contributed to several Australasian publications, whence they have been collected for reproduction in their present form. Though their composition has extended over so considerable a period there is a conspicuous uniformity in their tone. Of that tone, we may say that it reveals Mr. Lawson as a man who is inclined to glorify the past and to believe in the great promise of the future, but who has little good to say of the present time. This faith in the past and the future find strong and stirring expression in two of the poems to which we shall presently refer, but the poet's despair of the present is exhibited in the chief contents of the book. These show forth the dreariness and squalor of life on the average station, the dreadful tragedies of the bush when want and thirst stalk after the lost wayferer, the unrelieved discomforts which assail the tramp, the horrors of drought, the grim prose of the bullock-driver's career, the loneliness and isolation of woman's life in the interior, the perils of the miner, and the general ugliness of existence in the back blocks. Two or three of the poems are, however, clever and well-told stores in verse, notable for their pathos. Not much humour plays upon Mr. Lawson's page, though it is not utterly devoid of the more sardonic aspects of that quality, but his more agreeable writing is that in which he descants upon the fidelity of bush friendships, and upon the good comradeship and clanship frequently displayed in bush communities. Our poet has a command of Ianguage and of rhyme which never fails him, and his verso consequently flows with a delightful ease. But the ease Is not gained at the cost of vigour and there is manly strength in every line and, though the poet grumbles freely with things as he finds and paints them, he does not whine. Rather he sets his teeth as it were with grim determination to put up with what he cannot alter, The fervour of feeling conspicuous, the graphic accuracy of the descriptions and allusions, incline us to believe that the verses have a large basis in personal experience. It is not to be presumed, from the specimens we give below, that Mr. Lawson is con fined to one metre. His control of metre is as decided as his control of rhyme, and in his page the metre is admirably varied. The volume is, taking it throughout, a contribution to Australian literature not less acceptable than its predecessor and Mr, Lawson is as true a limner of certaln phrases of the rougher Australian life as is Mr. Paterson, albeit he paints in the gloom and the other wrought in the sunshine. The poem which supplies the title to the volume is in its earliest stanzas a glorification of the past, as a time profuse in opportunity for manly endeavour and splendid achievement, And the poet then puts the question — Think of it all — of the life that is ! Study your friends and foes ! Study the past! And answer this : 'Are these times better than those ?' The life- long quarrel, the paltry spite, the sting of your poisoned pride ! No matter who fell it were better to fight as they did when the world was wide. ****** With the dull brown days of a shilling-an-hour the dreary year drags round : Is this the result of Old England's power ?— the bourne of the Outward Bound ? Is this the sequel of Westward Ho ! of the days of Whate'er Betide ? The heart of the rebel makes answer 'No ! We'll fight till the world grows wide.' And this, the concluding stanza, has in it a triumph and ring of cheering prophecy : The world shall yet be a wider world — for the tokens are manifest ; East and North shall the wrongs be hurled that followed us South and West. The march of Freedom is North by the Dawn ! Follow, whate'er betide ! Sons of the Exiles, march ! March on ! March till the world ins wide. 'The Star of Australasia ' is a great poem, con ceived in a similar spirit of hopeful anticipation. It is an incentive to battle, an urging to arms for country's sake. ' I tell you,' Mr. Lawson writes, — I tell you the Star of the South shall rise — in the lurid clouds of war. It over must be while blood is warm and the sons of men increase ; Forever the nations rose in storm to rot in a deadly peace. There comes a point that we will not yield, no matter if right or wrong, And man will fight on the battlefield while passion and pride are strong. We have a forecast of how some Australians in that day will comport themselves — There are boys out there by the western creeks, who hurry away from school To climb the sides of the breezy peaks or dive in the shaded pool, Who'll stick to their guns when the mountains quake to the tread of a mighty war, And fight for Right or a Grand Mistake as men never fought before ; When the peaks are scarred and the seawalls crack till the farthest hills vibrate, And the world for a while goes rolling back in a storm of love and hate. **** But, oh, if the cavalry charge again as they did when the world was wide 'Twill be grand in the ranks of a thousand men in that glorious race to ride And strike for all that is true and strong, for all that is grand and brave, And all that ever shall be, so long as man has a soul lo save. He must lift his saddle, and close his 'wings,' and shut his angels out, And steel his heart for the end of things who'd ride with a stockman scout, When the race is run on the battle track, and the waning distance hums, And the shelled sky shrieks or the rifles crack like stockwhips among the gums, And the 'straight' is reached and the field is ' gapped' and the hooftorn sward grows red With the blood of those who are handicapped with iron and steel and lead ; And the gaps are filled, though unseen by eyes, with the spirit and with the shades Of the worldwide rebel dead who'll rise and rush with the Bush Brigades. The poet however credits with equal ardour for fight the city boys and the sons of the rich, and he pictures with pathos the sorrows which war will bring to wives, mothers and sisters, and with fer vour and stirring eloquence the veterans of the battle telling its incidents over again. The poem concludes with a strong assertion of the man- and nation-making influences which war with all it terrors and horrors exerts— A nation's born where the shells fall fast, or its lease of life renewed We in part atone, by the ghoulish strife, for the crimes of thepeace we boast, And the better part of a people's life in the storm comes uppermost, A- man who writes a verse such as we have quoted confers on the community a boon, for he appeals to the patriotic spirit of his fellows, and strives to rouse them as with a trumpet call. In the development of the manly virtues especially, folk are apt to endeavour to live up to a repu- tation which has been created in anticipation for them. In another poem, ' For'ard,' wherein the author dwells in many stanzas with savage bitter ness upon the distinctions of social rank which are accentuated because brought into nearness on board a passenger steamer, he likewise gives expression to his ineradicable hopefulness : What's the use of bein' bitter ? What the use of gettin' mad ? What's the use of being narier, just because yer luck is bad ? What's the blessed use of frettin' like a child that wants the moon ? There is broken hearts an* trouble in the gilded fust saloon ! We are used to bein' shabby— we have got no over draft — We can laugh at troubles for'ard that they couldn't laugh at aft. Spite o' pride an' tone abaft, (Keepin' up appearance aft) There's anxiety an' worry in the breezy cabins aft. But the curse o' class distinctions from our shoulders shall be hurloed, An' the influence of woman revolutionise the world ; There 'll be higher education for the toilin' starvin' clown, An' the rich and educated shall be educated down ; And we all will meet amidships on this stout old earthly craft An' there won't be any friction 'twlxt the classes fore-'an'-aft, We'll be brothers fore-'an'-aft, Yes, an' sisters, fore-'an'-aft ! When the people work tegether, and their ain't no fore-'an -aft. The sentiment of that concluding stanza is, of course, not new, and Burns among others has given it fine expression. But it is welcome though familiar; for it embodies a wholesome philoso phy of life, calculated to make men manly and hopeful, 'Sez you,' p, 58, is in a like strain, though the last stanza drops into a surrender that does not consist with the poet's other teaching. We have nearly exceeded the space we can spare to the volume, and must content ourselves wlth men tioning as specially worthy—' Jack Dunn, of Nevertire,' p. 59, 'Trooper Campbell,' p. 65, tho tragic ' Ballad of the Drover", p, 99, ' Ben Duggan,' p, 111, 'The Fire at Rosa's Farm,' p, 168, 'The Poets of the Tomb,' p, 225, and ' Ghosts,' These two last are further instances of the poet's hopeful philosophy, on which we have preferred to dwell in this notice of his work, although we do not In the least undervalue the merit of the verse as literature. Mention of Mr. Paterson's volume was inevitable in dealing with the present collection of poems. There is, however, an actual connection between them, Mr. Lawson, like Mr, Paterson, was a con tributor to awell-known Sydney publication, and he wrote ' Up the Country' (p. 137 here) a graphic picture in which every conceivable or actual draw back of bush life was enumerated. The verses are in the gloomiest strain of complaint. Mr. Paterson made a reply, ' In defence of the Bush,' (p. 166 in his volume), wherein he points out the many redeeming features of the interior. Whereupon Mr. Larson responded, grumpier than before, and in a sarcastic vein wrote 'The City Bushman,' (p. 147), ending however with a half confession that after all the wild free life of the bush is not without its special delight. We have only to add that the volume is printed with clear type on Dutch hand-made paper, with gilt edge on the top of the pages, and bound in art linen. The get up is eminently creditable to the publishers. It is interesting to know that The Man from Snowy River has had a sale unprece dented in the annuals of colonial publishing, over 4500 copies having been sold in Australia in less than four months. 