PARLIAMENT. I [By Electric Telegraph — Fbom Oub ] SPKOlAL EEPOBTCBS.1 I ffibU^E of^assemblV; THtJESDAV, Jfrrf J. ' Tht SPEAKEB (Mr B. B. took the ohalr at 7 80 p.m. PETITION. MrW.T, H. BROWN presented * peti tion Aigned by eight ratepayers of Campbell town, praying that the right to vote Jje'. extended to every nerioh oVet tbe age of twenty- one years. r, The petition was received. PLAYING GHOST. ,j Dr. OROWTHER asked the Attorney* j General if it was his intention to take any , special steps to fcecure the psrty or parties who are causing much fear aud anxiety' amongst the youthful portion of the people of Hobart and suburbs by playing ghost, eeeing that the ordinary methods had failed to cope With the pest f the PREMIER (Sir Edward Braddon)) replying for the Attorney-General, said the question was one which should come under the cognisanoe of the superintendent of the city police. ' l THE AGENT-GENERAL RESIGNS. . Tbe PREMIER announced that Sir Robert Herbert, Agent-General for Tasmania, liad sent a telegram which indicated that lie Intended retiring from the position in Ootober next, on tbe ground of ill-health, adding tbat Sir Andrew Olark wotold be willing to offer his assistance. He (the Premier) was still hopeful that Bir Bobert Herbert might be induoed to continue the duties of hie office. At any rate nothing Would be done In the matter on til a letter then on the way was received from btifl. THE FINANCIAL STATpMEftT. The TBEABUEEB (Sir £hillp F;-h) then delivered his budget speefeh, which appear! in full in another column. COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY. The House then went into committee of ittezn, office . attendant and caretaker, Government House, £96, was agreed to/ after whifch progress was reported and leave giten to sit. again on Tuesday. NEW BILLS. Tbe PREMIER, by leave of the House, introduced bills as follow :-^For the regula tion of the Oivil Bervice of the colony of Tasmania for providing superannuation aad retiring allowances to the members thereof, and for other purposes ; a bill to provide for cbwuubuwcuh ui m vcpruiwui. vi Agri culture, and for other purposes ; a bill to amend the Education Act, 1885 ; a bill to amend the Game Protection Act, 1895 ; a bill to provide for the better suppression ef betting and gambliog in public places. The second readinir wm HjiaH for Tuesday, NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr G1LMORE gave notice to move lor leave to bring in a bill to amend the Mining Companies Act. 1884. Mr BRADLEY, on Tuesday, to move an address to tbe Governor for ,£2200i to be used as bonuses in connection with the re vival of tbe whaling trade of Tasmania. ADJOURNMENT. At fl'25 p.m, the House adjourned till 7*30 on Tuesday. 