THE MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY Yesterday afternoon Mr. H. M'Kenzie, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry into the cause of death. Sub-Inspector Leverton ap- peared on behalf of the Crown. The fol- lowing evidence was taken: — Joseph Tetlow, manager for Permewan, Wright and Co. at Echuca, stated deceased had been employed by the company for about seven years. He was last at his work on Wednesday, the 29th April, and witness last saw him alive about 1 p.m. on that day. During the last fortnight he had the appear- ance of a man who had been drinking, but he had always been a trustworthy officer. As he did not come to the office on Thursday morning witness sent up to make enquiries. The messenger returned stating the deceased was too ill to come to work, but that he was receiving every necessary attention. On Saturday morning he learned that deceased had disappeared from the hotel, and he at once gave information to the police. Anthony James O'Dwyer, solicitor, stated he had known deceased intimately. For some few weeks past the deceased had men- tioned to him that he had monetary and other troubles, and during this time his con- duct had been very strange. The deceased informed him that some years ago he had an affection of the brain. He last saw the de- ceased alive between one and two o'clock on Saturday morning, when all the inmates of the hotel were in bed. He heard the deceased leave the hotel and go into High street, in the direction of witness' office. Witness followed him and called him back. He asked deceased where he was going, and he replied, "Down to Adam King's for a bed. He is a friend of mine." Witness asked him why he left his own room, and he replied that certain people in the house had put a ghost there. Witness persuaded him to return to his room. His behaviour was then very eccentric, and he appeared to be suffering from delusions. He, however, ap- peared to understand all that was said to him. Witness advised him to lie down, but he replied, "No; my nerves are unstrung. I will go for a walk. When I get tired I will return." During the conversation the deceased spoke of getting right in a few days, when things would be different. He then left fully dressed, and witness did not see him again alive. On Friday last witness sent for Dr Eakins who attended deceased. John Lawry, farmer, of Moama, stated he saw the deceased at 12 o'clock noon on Saturday, the 2nd inst. He was then walk- ing across the footpath in Anstruther street, going towards the Campaspe River, and to the locality where the body was found. He was fully dressed, and had his hat on. Wit- ness noticed that he looked strange. Ebenezer Cocks, residing in Heygarth street, stated that at 12.30 on Saturday he picked up a hat (produced) about six yards from the water's edge, at the back of Mar- tin's Hotel. Dr. G. R. Eakins, medical practitioner, stated that on Tuesday morning last he was rung up from bed by the deceased who com- plained that his head was bad and that he was shaky. Witness prescribed for him and he departed quietly. On Friday evening he visited him at the hotel and found him suffering from alcoholic delusions but was quiet and at times rational. The cause of death was asphyxia from drowning, the deceased having apparently gone into the river whilst suffering from alcoholism. Evidence of the finding of the body was given by the police. A verdict of death by drowning was returned, the magistrate recording the opinion that deceased had evidently gone into the river whilst suffering from alcoholism. 