FOB. THE ?. KOBOTB QUISBKiSIiAiMD R!EG<IiSTd3R wW«sll, Darry. Did you find Hie to©fees?'* ** F&ith;, and X did, and I won't \- Hotg&t; it ifor an&ny; a (day ?"Why, what's "wrong1 ?" ^ Juist let nne rest a little, and I'll fee afther (elling yez," said the weaker, Larry Hogan, to Ms onates, Donald .MadXialb and Jack Slurbs. ®tie ifchree men 'were an&tes; and ;Were working in some old abandoned, gnllies on one off the tributaries of ihe lower fftoiberteon, and had been several yeans ^ prospecting, fossicking, and occasionally taking oat a crush ing* - .Donald, tiie .'biggest m!an df the three, as well as the oldest, toeing «rrer 8tfcy years off age. hale and iuaarty^ "^Donald had (been "old Donald' long (before Ms age merited the sp allation. TM1 and ungainly, with a shyness "that no amount of knocking atvont conJd 'wear off, Donald bad to be known some time to be apj>re dated* tout those who did know Mm ?were ready to sweat that Donald was a "white man from the soles of his ^peendMdb^arfjciheid fclraehers to the Ijaeril crown sewn into his anient felt. Jack Stul>bs, or " Ooefcney Jack," ma li£ "stfas ealied, <was the opposite of Dioaalldv was angular, <amd certainly, |9oiM Jack Share dirJded % tad c!heefe enough' for two, 'befog never at a loss tfor something to say and ai'ways ready to say it. OodJaiey Jack "was brknffiul of yams and reminiscences, comic, pa thetic- and- tragic; in fact, had a starlet account of Jack's narrated adventures (been kept, he would have required to have been over three hundred years old, instead! of the thirty ihe pleaded guilty to ; tout a bush audience is not too exacting in this respect -when the yams are wortih listening: to. liairay, though as old as Jack, had been? longer at .home than Jack, wfiicli gave that worthy the excuse to eaM Mm a new chum in 'their arguments. . At the time of the introduction to . .tills story, and as it often happen® in out-lying gullies, one of the pastfy had a look -to see the Iwrses were right, , wttiiLe thle others slung the fl>illy and prepared tea. This arrangement will . account for (the greeting that passed between Jack and Larry at the com mencement of the story. "W»h5n I knocked off, I struck across for the burnt feed, and there sure enongfli I saw our two horses a® <eon tinsted as. coulxl be. fouit whin I looked for that clothes rack of Jack's, It was no where to be seen. to yer orfld ?tricks agen," says I; "bad t-ess to yer for a. mongrel of a baste/' "Shows more breeding than that animated1 panel of fence of yours," interjected Jack. "Well," continued Xacry, "I Started over the ranges at ifche 'best pace, whin ju^fc as .1 Happened to look ahead I saw a naygur walking along the ridge wad a saddle on his head. He was walking rigM a/way, but just across the way I was going, as if he .was making fur the creek. "Mayfoe he'll 'are seen the horses," sez 1: so I struck out to meet Man. I just <tuk me eyes off Mm for a minute, and whin I looked up agen lie was out ov sight. "Over ihe ridge" sez I, and in a Jiffy I was on the crown; and there foirnenst me was Jack's moke, but devil a skerrik of the naygur could I see, and I could see fur a half-a- mile every way, and not cover enough to hide a rat, let alone a man in whafte pants and a blue shirt." "Gome out ©v tfeafc" sez I; "I can see yer plain enough," bekase a didn't want the cfayther to think that <he had ca reumvented me. tmt the divil a sign ov ftfa" couM I see. TMn^ not to let him bate me, J (hunted round tali I was certain there wasn't enough room far 'Mm -to hade above gronnd, whin it came to me ast wanst that there was gome pislwogue on me, and I may Mver Iff i did'trt turn as wake as water gruel. Sft wlii 111 came to meseM a bit, I put the mokes together and came home." "Wdi you must foe a new-<ilium, to fet a aiigger 'best you lake that, and canyiug a fiadflie too- B was ewne earner's bSoy -house hunting. They wall pass aJoiigr the old western creek road to-raoiTow, Ffl M." ^aid Jack. "Che davil a fear *wf it being a iiay gur," retorted Eariy, "it "was no mortial-" ' "WeeL, -wed," said DornaM, "if it was no a leeving bbdy, it sua® a been -an 'lia lluciKaitioii." "I'M. be ewora It "was no living man, nor a Lucy Nation aittier," sbttustiy maintained liaray. "I canna think it a lease <of second sight." "Nor I ni filer," said Larry ; "befoase the second1 time I easw Mm Ihe. was cfcine out ov tslgMfc." "Oh, come in .to tea," eraed1 Jaiek, "It was an oJd man kangaroo fee saw topping a2ong the ridge. How do yfcni know it was a Wacfcfellow anyhow." "Share didn't I tell yon that he was right forfcJnsit me, and dlflinfa I eee thie Mne saddle wid a Utile swag or viaMse strapped to it; he Sad one hiand up houMing the saddle steady, and- has shirt being unibntftoaied, it ihraig dotwm so that I could see Ms arm, besides the ground was burnt as bare <as yer hand, and I sarw the Mack tfeet and' legs ov Mm; it was a sheogie or I'nx no Christian.*', ''! "I say, Lairy," said Jack, "yon must 'ave been dreaming that you were back mi Ireland amongst tlie ghosts and fairies." ^Begoraa and its in Ireland' -you'll find em ; every respedfcai&Ie; family ias a fairy or banshee, but they woULd'at demean tliimselveis waiting1 -upon eeallawags ov £aisseniaehs like your self." Much more discussion followed dur ing 4 lie meal aiid in rt3ie interval be tween that and bedtime, relative to ghosts, dairies and: spirits, malignant or good-natured, and the improbability of any of the genus wandering about the ridges on the Bobertlson, but for ail their reasoning Larry went to sleep in the full belief -that it was no mortal man he saw. Next (morning the sun rose -bright enouglh fio chase all thoughts of ghosts and goMins from the moist gloomy mind. The three mates started for work. T-hey were fossicking in gullies thiat had been worked and abandoned years before; breaking up a bit of old bot tom iiere and tfihere, or trying for a little solid ground in the banks or points. They -had to cany wihabever wafihdirt they got some distance down to the creek to wash it, and even there waiter wr.s getting scarce. Larry and Jack were working in a gully a little <highier «up the creek, tihsn the one Donald was trying; in tend ing ithaJt all should set into the one that gave the best prospects, but up to this, as Jack said, "they had been «o blarsted poor, there -was no choice to pick from." " Do you think we sh'ail see yer ghost to-day, Hairy," queried Jack, as they were walking up the creek. Meibibe we shall, and mefobe we shan't," was Larry's nont-committal answer. "I hope he'll leave us bis saddle, I don't see what a ghost can want wirh one," rejoined Jack. " He was a walking in hhis direc tion -when I eaw Mm," said 'Larry gravely. They had by this time reached the gully and started work; conversation ceased till re-opened by Jack estelalm ing : "Well, I'm d d if there isn't a stirrup- iron; it's been here twenty years, if a day. See, the rust has eaten right through it, and there was six inches oif gravel over it." " ^fahy a iturae «word is spoken in. jest," said Lairy. ** Well, never mind3 old anan. 97ve got a bag oif stuff from under that stirrup-iron, and I'm going to ihump it down to see whether it has brought us any luck." (Shouldering the bag. Jack started for the water. Ajfter washing the stuff, lie was returning to tiie guHy when ihe met Larry ioojdng as wfcite as a efoeet.. r 'TDM you see aByMiin® ?" saSd Uarry. ® Just the color," replied his mate, lliinfeinig that lie referred to the stuff lie Siiad taken down . ** Why," (not icing- TJarry'e seated loot) "you look as iff you had seen a ghost." * Divil a word av a lie In that. I worked &wiay;* 'affter you left, ?think ing on nothing good or bad, and whin I just looSed up to ^raigbten me back, who should I see IweE ihis nfflJbs, walk ing1 do^wn the jgully; iSe voice wint from me clane. or <Pd ate given a whistle to/have put yon on your guard. The Jbend otf the gully bid Mm from me slight, ami thin, wMn I pulled me BGlf together, I catme down to see if you had £eeto Well, that lb eats all I ever heard," said Jack, w wliy you most 'ate nig ger on ®ie fbrain; or <be going lany." *' Ihiny or not I'm off out of this tomorrow. I've «een Mm tiwiiee, the third sand last time ime&ns; anischietf." " Mischief yet granny ; Td never let a <shadow, blaidk or white, drive me Out," said Jack. **Nex± time he shows up throw a gHWber at Mm-" ' Pd sooner yon do that nor me," said Larry shaking big head, *' you'd su|> sorrow if yer did." They worked on without further incident tall dinner time, when tLarry related the second appearance ©£ the nigger to Donald. **He bad Ms Ibaek to me, by good luck," said Ijarry, **ttOr it manes mis fortune whin yon meet thim tfiaee to flajpe. Bfe was dressed Jost the same rs yesterday, with «he saddle oil his bead, his mttfeskins were; elane, only Sor the marks behind like one 'would itnave that fliad been riding all day. Shore he must have passed close toy me dawn the gaily, and I niver heard a Bat fell,5*' Donald took Jack's view Of the matter feat Tjarry must foe- lalboring under a. delusion, font nothing' would shake Larry's faith in the spectre. iShure, mue grandfather by jme mother's side saw a lifffle hump-back ed^ man twice whin he was passing' an ould churchyard ; <Sby this and by that* said <me grandfather, Til niver <*o that road <agm alf£h£r sunset.' But the ould bhoy had been to a fiair an' was going home pretty <£ull, an' forgot himself and ink this short oat agin, and -met the Ifttle hump-fbacked man race to ifiace, and died' <a year alfther. «1Yas gone eighty, rest his soul." A-ud aJbout time, I should think." said Jack, "an infant &ike; that.. It is strange the nigger doesn't show wp to Donald or myself." -" I ken several places in tha hee lands were ghaisfcs were r&ported; to S* ,1>Tlt^Pna ^ that I ever saw fe&e; mysel'," said .Donald, " and I didna think to bear oif ane here, .but I-maun say that I think it verra *2?* Iiarry ehwild eee the saane biackbay twice; its no whisky thate to blame this taane." /'Be me soul, thin it's* not but a drop^av the cratur would do me tihe world av good." hli^r^411^"0011 a smoker; rf<Lfi^r,i PL W0°I PacM looking liU T ws&rjsfss; ate rn". a bit ov difference it ud wSlr ' - so Are or 2Zf^'r'*n mTer tnrn a hair," . I ai^ peaking as one well ap with the idiosyncrasies of the g«s«y fratwmty, « knows fchait saane." They made several to the Jeet without seeing anv a ®tervation pros pect, as Jack said. When the length, ened shadows of the scraggy box s»nd tnf&rk; am doibted «he gave ^ce fist it was ^y ttm^fcS JhrM^iJ * y' Jla£k renJ<arked as he Msf?n^a ^ "this is my a&st; load tfor toniay ; when I sit this Tg.ea It Wfflfce a fair ain/; £e ^ ^ "Any befetiher luck fcMs tolme, Jacfc.« "Not a happorth; it won't ma planus to our duff tQjifi Olinst tnas, Ijaaay my fjoy, unless Donald dfrops on a speck or two; I'm off to sling the billy; bring old Donald along witfh you as you come Mmie." He -moved off down tihe creek, leaving Larry washing the contents of ifche bag he had icamed do wait On Ms way down -the -creek Jack came upon Donald, who ttad ateo brougM down some otuff to wash "Wel^ Donald old man, what tack?" " Pllir, Terra] pair. I danma tfrri.nlc It would giiro miair than tucker the d5s tamce one has to ciarry it! Did yon come off any ^better." *^Not m(uch>, I'm sorry to say/' "Weel, it camna ,be .helped. Did Larry «ee any malr of the gihafist ?" As If for an answer, an unearthly yell resounded .from up the creek. "GrnM, save us, twfhat's up ; has the <3allant gone dafiL" "I left Jaim O.K. not mor'n five min utes ago; -perhaps he's bit by a snake. Come on, let's go am see." DonaM1 and Jack started up the creek, and met L»arry coming: down. "Wliat's ,gaun wrong wi ye, pwn!" queried Donald. "I thought a snake toad bit yer," said Jack. ".Be ^orra, it was worse -n:or a KT>nlcou ft was the ould sarpent himself. Divil one ov me will stay here anotSier day for. .Che .best farm in the Seven Countries, tbad »cess -to me that I stopped as long as I did. "Wed, but Dairy mou, what was it jzg sawT' "WihSF, but the same cbivil ov a niay gur. I was just straigihtnen meself up afther washing <fche last dish), whim who should I see walking along the bank right over me, but the naygur; bhoys, but rd feJi only for leaning against a boulder, as he walked along right under the big slip; I .was spacli lesfe, (and as limp as a wet rag; the cnaythur waSked tared' like. Miisiha God .help us, th'rnks I to meself, is he going to sit down here." "Was he carrying the saddle on Ms head this time,*' asked Jack. "Faith, an he .was'sit, he was carry ing it on his arm. Well, bhoys, he walked along ©lowly till he got under the highest part of the slip, and then he turned slowly round. Dairy Hogan thinks I, yer a dead man, so you are. His eyes looked ioike coals ov fire at the bottom ov a deep hole, and1 there was a piece av a. broken spear stick ing out ov his breast,, and his white pants were all red with blood in front, and be the same token, he had a red cap on Mis head5 which I didn't see the first and second time I saw him, by .ralson ov the. saddle .being over it. But it was the look ov %is eyes that froze the blood in me. He was just making his mouth up to spake, whin glory be to God* I thoaght ov -making the sign ov ,the cross; "between us' and evil" sez X, and thin it faded away and samed to go in «fche ground right und-er 4&e; slip,, and1 then I found me voice to give the pillilu yon heard." "Weel, weel, it's the strangest tale T ever heard. I damn mean to say thsft ye dtMnia see it, but it maun be seme delusion or freak of imagination that ye are suffering from. You see, it dosna haunt ye when ye are in «?om pany wi Jack or myseiLf." "And be jabers, I won't stop for it to come in company. Tan off to Green Hills before another sum sefos. Shure they are picking =up gold1 like praties there.4' "We'd better make tracks to camp or it will be dark ; come on hoys we'll hare a good look for tfihe ghost or Ms tracks to-morrow." Arriving at the camp, they found a stranger sitting on Ms swag, wifo after the greeting was over, informed them that he was on fills way from the old Gilbert township to Green Halls. "I took the old bridle track that crosses the creek a bit lower down, it's a short cut. I saw your dint and thought I'd camp with you for company- Working up in the old gullies; I Worked there when they were first opened; poor enough then, I can tell you, and the niggers bad ; couldn't .trust your horse out of your sight, .buft .the varmante would put a spear in him. ?" .Never mind your quart old man, this family teapot of ours will ibrew enough tfor all hands," «aid Jack. | " Yes, come ovei- here to our summer palace," criedi Larry, as lie brought the damper and (beef to the sheet of bark that did duty for a taMe under the bough shed in front of the hiits. "Shure, we're -like the quality taking toy in tike aribor." They found a sfltiainiger sitting tax Mte swag., i AiWl ttie stranger was helped with the free-hearted, iff rough and ready hospitality so generally offered toy pioneer and genuine digger. The stranger "was fall of stories, experi ences of tiie Gilbert and Etheridge fields from their opening; so with Jack, to chip in now and then, the conver station flowed pretty freely, tali 4i»e storm that had been brewing all lEe evening, hurst with even more than- the usual tropica! fury. Larry and Jack turned in and were soon asleep . "" Yon maun make your doss doiwn here between the bunks on the floor/' said "Donald, as he spte&dt; out a lot of old (bags and dunnage that collects in a camp, " it's dry, and better than outside; my sakes, what a flood,** cried Donald as he caught eight of the yellow torrent rushing by many feet above any flood he had seen in the creek before, and carrying uprooted trees along like straws. " Yes, this is better than camp ing on Dead Man's Greek under a .blanket," said! the stranger, .as he rolled out his tsWag and fixed his spare clothing for a pillow. It was lucky for me I came on, 1 thought of stopp ing : I was near done up, for the after noon was a terror." "Ay, it was verra hot, na doubt; but I didna kin there was any creeBc o' that name about here." " It's the name we gave the next creek to this sifter Pat Conrlett was killed there." "I eanna say that I've mind o", an* r travelled albout here the last fifteen years." " No! That's likely enough, it was in the latter end off '69. Pat Oour lett had a store and a pu!b on the Oloneurry and a, place on the Gilbert., He was a go-ahead soi^t of ch!ap, bought and sold every thing; this time he had collected a lot Of gold ; there were no banks then up here, or money either, you paid goldi for everything,, and the only other medium of ex change was the shim plaster LO.U.'s the storekeepers or butchers would give you as change. Well, as 1 was saying. Pat hiad a lot of gold and was going down to (Nbrananton to ship it South; GOOozs it was said. -He left the Gilbert all right . He was travell ing alone except, for a blackboy; he passed the Robertson crossing, tpHing some -men that were camped there he intended to camp on Dead -Man*® (of ?course, it wasnftt Dead Alain's "then) as ? ?he grass was better there. "Next day some of the men started ' 0000///0000 for "Western Greek, at was a new wish then; they <foond Pat Ooarlett dead "with two spears through Mm, Ms saddle horse was dead, and had bevii speared . They had a pack hor»e, and that was found along the road with the patfe on, and two hundred ounces of gold in it. Hie horse the nigger rode was found In the ranges with a headstall bridle on. with the reins broke off; of course, it was supposed that the niggers were planted at the time Conrlett and the fboy rode lip, and 'they 'were just taking off 'their saddles when the Mack divils let drive a, shower of spears, billing Conrlett and foils horse; the ipack horse, it Is thought, bolted along the road, and the niggers did not care to follow. The mystery always was, <wh!at had become of the Iblacktooy ? He was never seen -a£fcerwar|te nor his saddle either, and it is c&rtain; the (balance of the gold, fully 400ozs, was strapped on his sad dle." "Of course there was a big roll up, *he {boys, turned out, for-we were all armed in a kind of a way." " We Bad some Cape boys with us and aifter a deal of nosing around -they picked up what they said was the lilackiboy's track, and told IUS that he had been epeared as there were drops of blood along the trail; 'It beat one how they could tell one nigger's track from another, but they showed a few shreds of "blue shirt, and it w&s; proved > that the boy bada blue shirt on 'When lie left the Gilbert." " Do you say lie had a blue shirt on!" exdakned Donald. ** Yes. There was nothing wonder ful in that; lie -was a storekeeper's boy, remember. Our trackers were certain they would find torn next day? .but that night a storm ca*me and swept away all sighs of the tracks, the boys hunted around for days, ttrat at last had to give it up; nigger, gold and twaddle were1 never seen afterwards." \- " Do je no think th'at the (blatik tooy might a cleared away with the gold," said DonaM. *iNot the slightest chance, the boy had been with Conrlett for years, and could have done nothing with the gold if tie had cleared; (besides, where could lie go to ? The (boy would not (have left Pat for anything. It was supposed the boy lead just taken the saddle off w&en; the spears were .thrown, and that his house broke aiway ifrdm him' in the shindy, and that the boy followed In hopes oif .catching him." " But was it no strange that lie carried away, -the saddle and he in danger of life life, an* wounded, too." "" WeO, no t so very s tra nge when you coane to thinlk over it. You see when OPat letft the "Gilbert, he said ?*tXow Baddy"-tihat was the (boy's name-?*' you stick to that Jfellow gold, and don't leave it or give It up to any one till we get to JXtonmanton." And it's ISkely Paddy had his {boss's in junctions In his mind «whea the scrim mage started, and besides as he was armed with a. revolver, he anight have toealt the niggers off for the "time, and come to grief when lie was after his horse. This is very likely, for that lie would have j^tock to Pat while there iwas any fighting going on; all who kne'w ft fan felt certain."1 ." i rcaneffuBSer It as well as if it were yesterday when they passed ine tte other side of Hie RJolbertson, "Paddy rwas as proud as punch with his white puts, blue shirt and red "cap-" .*iA.- red- cap! did ye say, man," cried-tDonald, - . cap. 5&U; see, Bat was -fdndW'the fcogr aaid used to give him S&CHJg;'Ilt would pleass .ham »*.--. .- - ... . - -abantfc to ttell thft stranger Larry's strange experiecieeg, tiiit <Eeokedi 'Mnyaqf for flie time, and pn ineresMng drowsiness BOOH pat an «b4 to. ss^sssgsS^xOiMt j-J-uJ Tii<? morning "broke brigM and dooidleti", everything looked freshened up l>y the last nights down-pour, the burnt stumps ©if grass were already tipped with diminutive points of green and the dry leaf littered creek /bed of yesterday, was a. clear running stream toniiay. 'Breakfast toeing despaltehed, the stonier siMmldered liis slrag, and fcade his entertainers good-jbye, remark ing, "I hope they Jiad some oif this rain at Green Hills, so that t3ieir might toe a chance for a sing1." "iAnd we ought to be able to do a bit of specking- in the gullies," said Jiaok to Larry, as soon as the stran ger was out of ear-shot. " Divii a one of me nd stop S£ yon made me - as rich as Tyson," said iLarry. /"6hure, won't it t>e better for us to go to Green Hills like the old codger just jr oiio ?" "'"Weel, there's no harm in just walking up -the gullies," said Donaid. "Besides, we maun carry doon our tools.*" .Beyond a few scaly specs their walk up the gnilies was unproductive. And as Liarry was determined not to work in the iiatunted locality, the trio decided to cany down the tools, pre paratory for a start to Green Hills. In passing (by the <big slip where liarry had such a (fright the evening before, £hey popped for a sanoke, and to re taiiark die change the flood had wrwujgM in the creek. In former times the creek had un dermined. tlie hill, which sloped steeply Cram itTs. fted, causing a tug landslip wliich filled up the old channel, leav ing a itondbled mass of rock and earth where the creek formerly ran, and a low cliff ®t the baiek, from which the mass fell. The last night's torrent had i^wept the fallen mass clean .away, leaving a bare, and steeply sloping bank right up to -tlie and <a dear ishailGW Etreaim xau in the old channel which &ad; been blocked for years. " My cerUe, but there was a bit of ground done last Jiigfct/' fald Do&alld;, as lie gazed, at the altered creak feed;. .- - " Yes,'1 said. Jack, " it swopi Laic's nigger clean away if be remained where'he ~ sasw ilm last; don't you tMnk so, old" man ?" ^ j_ *lt's straight fetniast sviheie wint outjov sight." " It 'vrias verrta strange, Indeed," gald Donald, <wSio since flie narrative given Mm by their igoieet, was not dis posed to treat Jjarry's vision with the flippancy which Jadk indulged iu ; and lie related to them the yarn ttoi& IiSsm fey the stranger. "<Oh_ c-omie! I say old in'an, is this a maj£e~up?" said Jack. ?" Be me cowl, land ifs not," ^aid Dairy. ** I wish I was as sure of findluj? my weight o' silver as that the tale was true : the hody wasna tellin' lies, Fin certain !" I" And do yom mean to tell ane that you never heard that yarn toeffOre alboat tife "saddle and nigger with the red cap, Larry." - *" Sorra a one olf me, or I wouldn't have waited.for hiim the second toinne." " Well, Chat beats all I ever heard," said .the converted doaibters ** iiaaag me iff r thought there was a ghost in the country." *" I'll ju^t .step across the week and see what like those leaders are, that, are cropping out df the bank," said tDonald. 'His two mates followed liion as lie ®era/nibled up the. steep slope lately bared by the flood. The quartz {proved of the most, hungry description,- mud they were afljout to scramible dawn again, when : Larry's attention was attracted by the difference in the stuff in a small patch in the face of the fount. " Bedad, it looks' like an old drive filled up; lend me the pick, Donald, me l»hoy, till I take a welt at it." Donald, who stepped dwwn two or three feet foetow, where Larrv was tjtandmg-, could just keep his looting «l>on title narrow ledge <by clinging to tlie face off the rock. The shallow stream upon it's sandy bottom was tunning a few feet below Mm. 'So a if all would hare been no serious mat ter. He passed jLarry up the pick, and Larry drove it into the strata, the different appearance c£ «vvMdh at tracted lus attention. 'Segorra aaa it X«o3ss li&o; an old dri^e," esM- Larry, -breaMag asotiher piece of the ws21 aw&y;, and tJaea tear ing down a 3dM of £Gre&n; formed by layers off leaves arid other light deCnis, tffcait tod been blown oar itoated: $at her caked /bogeiflier by the <mu!ddy water wliieli bad invaded tfiie eave on tjjg floods or long rains. T.he instant he tote away ,tMs ulat <ural screen, land the sun's rays shot daylight into -tihe cave^ Jie gave a ter rific yell, and missing Ms footing' rolled down upon Donald; sweeping Mm from his marrow foofchofld, (the two " tmnMed upon Jack, and then all «Miree rolled in a heap into fiie epeet, a pile of legs and arms, like a scrimmage at a fooiibal'l jikhcIi. "Guid1 God- almiigfhty, mon, what came over ye," eraed Donald, who, from his position in the serum,, .was the first 'to .g>ain -his feet. "Pooff*" cried Larry, ejecting .the sand and! water lie h!ad taken OIL, "Its himself that's up .there." Who's up there ?" asked Jack shaking: the .water from- himself like a N^nvfoundilaoixl dog. "Y<oo two felloiws made a fine fashion of me, I haven't a. dry -rag -left on me-" "It's »t<he nayguir I teH ye, dival a word of a lie in It. Jie's up rfshere jwaitik Ms red cap on as natural as life", said Larry, slooking as if lie expected jfche apparition to come out of the cave. "lAre jsou eure that ye was no fright ened at a shadow ?" asked Donaild. "Fafith an you'd1 better go and see for youiiseiX" said Larry; "it's jneself that's satisfied." '*Weel, rii just take a keek, it carina hurt a .body," £aid Donald, lifting the pick and clSmlbing iq> the bank, fol lowed l>y Jaick, Dairy standing Mow expediting to see the spectre charge .the intruders* and JTurl them down' the bank. They reached the .mouth of the cave unchallenged, and Donald) started' to widen the entrance. "Ha® .he ©one," shouted Larry. "I <eanna. say Ah at he's gone,, but he's no Mkely to trouble anyone the noo- ' Oome and see for yourself,*' said Donald, as he beared away the entrance to the dave, assisted by Jack. J^any seeSmg . his miites still affive, and as far as he could see unRiaaaned;, scranisbJed up cto the month of the caive. "iBedad, he's there yet," said; Larry, as life looked in, '"but he's undressed Muiiseilff -since I saiw him last. Where's lias (red cap." Heclinong against -tihe eloping side of the cave was1 the frame of a (human being, a. blftck to all abearance ; tihe , flesli toad seemed to have melted away, leaving the black skin sticking to the bones of ifche face and ribs. The tskuil still kept its place on the vertebral cokumni. and tihe arniis hung from the shoulders; the hair clung to the skull like a mat, and- a few da>rk brown shreds of wooEen cloth dung to the hairs ; and sticking to the thighs and shanks were the ehredis of what had orace been eiotliing- It wtas a grusome sight, and no -wonder the first glance of the grinafing ekull scared the wits out of Larry. "What's this," said- Jack, pulling a .0000///0000 d>ark-looking splinter that -was protrud ing from between the Tibs -of the skele ton. "It's the point of a epear, sure enough," said Donald. "Didn't I tbeM yees that I saw a, spear Isl him -yefeterday," cried Larry. "Ye certainly dad, -an it's lmaitst ex tiaordiinary/' saW Domld. . ".Hullo, What's thte," jesdaiined Jack, who In rakmg with tlliie pick amongst 43ie ddbr's on a comer of tihe cave, struck sometMiig- light tand ep- rhigy. "Why;, hang me lif it as not an old saddle, or aU that ns left of one. Here's Hie <pedts}ted ieafher clinging' to the tree, and iftxere's the remains of an old valiiisQ, iwifli the lower ts&de; of it rotted away. No gold tihougli, wonse lock. If this is fhe nagger that was with. Oourlett, he should -have the gold with hiin as well as the isaddJe." "Faith an he .had it .la&t; uSgiht, I'll swear," said Larry. 'Didn't I see it wid nie two eyets." it's iDjott .here now," saM Jack despondently. T3ien> raking caretess!^ eumjoogst blie rubbish, lie ga/re a shout, ."Bygimi, I've stnudk it." Just under the spot where thie old saddile tod 'been; lying, was a little glittering" pile, as brfiigM as when, at was waeBJed1 from the gullies of the old GSShert, and except for a liandfnl or two of dirt. Was just as dear as when ft was put in the bags long since rotted away. .Anld a gloraus sigih't it looked to the ?three ragged fossifckeris who, but ten. minutes before, bad reckoned to scrape the flour bag -for their Qhristmas 'din ner. . "Hmrr'a, boyis, .we've got a rise at last. You're augOft Lany, we won't stop another d&y; here. Osme on, let's git dom to the camp, there is over thirty pound weight, If there is an ounce. *3X6uM on, " what are you going to do with Mm/' safid Larry, jerking his thumb tawairdls tihe cave. "Do with ihlni,," said Jade, "Why let him: Jae there of course. Yon don't want to carry Mm -wdth you,, I hope." "Bedad and I don't, (but we'll have 