Bible Characters. MICH AL, DAVID'S WIFE. (For Married Folk.) By the Rev. Alexander Whyte, D.D. (Concluded.) I And as the ark of the Lord came into the city of David, Michal, Saul's daughter, looked through a win ?1 iw, and saw David leaping and dancing before the Li-rd; and she despised lum In her heart.-2 Samuel, (i-10. In the former part of thJs discourse Dr. Whyte showed how unequally yoked together David and Michal were, and how this manifested itself, on nor part, in deep disbaste, dislike, hatred, and deliberate insult, even on this the greatest day of David's life. Asserting that the deaf despise those who dance, he proceeded to show that Mi chal's ear had never been opened to the music of the ark. Hence on this great day in Israel she sat at home and lost her greatest opportunity, thus becoming harder and darker and fiercer to- wards Jier husband. Dr. Whyte then appealed to the apostolic injunction, that the wife rever euce her husband, but showed that reverence does not spring up in a day, and has dts roots in the heart and character. He then asked how this injunction to reverence and tho antagonism in life can bo .harmonised, and showed that lihou gh humanly impossible, it is not so with God. Ho now proceeds to say: Let our wives, then, TAKE US, WITH ALL OUR FAULTS AND INFIRMITIES, and let them think that with all our faults and infirmities we are still their husbands. And let them take this to heart also, that though we fall ever so far below ourselves, that is all the more reason why they should rise all the more above themselves. It does not divorce a wife from her aifection and respect for her husband that he causes her much pain and «hame; many a blush in public and many a tear in private. His sins against good taj>te, his clownish or churlish habits, his tempers, his prejudices, his ignorance, his rude, insolent, overbearing ways, not to speak of still grosser vices-all that will no't absolve a wife from a wife's solicitude and goodwill to her husband. All that will not discharge her from her command over herself. She must often see and feel all that like a wolf under her gown as she sits at the top of the table and her husband sits at. the foot. But she must all the more learn to say her own gra-o to herself before she sits down to her temptation, till she is able to roturn thanks as she rises to go upstairs. All the time they are talking and eating and drinking at the other end of the table, ehe must set a watch on her ears and on her eyes and on the blood in her cheeks. 'She. must be as full of artifice as her husband is of meat and drink and himself. The keenest and cruellest eye MUST NOT FIND HER OUT. Its d&ceived; owner must be sent home saying, "What a fool of a wife that brute, that bore, that goose has! I declare tho blind thing is still in love with him!" The wife see that she is artificial enough to throw dust into the eyes of her oldest, closest, and most familiar friend. Danto describes Michal as a woman who stood scornful and afflicted at her royal window. But lee not even Dante's terrible eyes seo either your scorn of your husband or your affliction on ac- count of his exposure of himself. Throw dust even into Dante's blazing eyes. We are poor creatures, the host of us husbands; and, at our best, we are still full of appetites and egotisms and all the other dregs of our indwelling sin. But if Almighty Cod bears witih us, and does not despiso us and spurn us and refuse us His love, neither will you. And you will be well paid for it all, and well acknowledged. For when we praise God at last, and say, To Him who loved us! we will not forget you. Let the wife ÖPP, thon, that she pray for and and put up with her husband; that she makes his self-improvement easy for her hus- band. And if, after all is done, there is au irre- ducible residuum of distaste and almost dislike left, well, all the more let her see to it that she work out his and her own salvation under that ' secret, life-long, household cross. To your thorn, ' as to the apostle's, Christ will come and wfill'1 , say, My grace is sufficient for it. My strength is made perfect even in such weakness as yours. .1. Being the woman she was, and having the husband she had, Michal could not but feel both scorn and affliction that day. But, when all is said for her, and all allowance made, she should not have spoken to David as it is recorded she did speak. SHE COULD NOT COMMAND HER PROUD HEART when she saw David dancing, but by the timo he came home she Should have nad her tongue tamed and under a bridle. David was, no doubt, a great provocation and a constant cross to Michal. They were never made for one another. It wa» impossible they could ever be hapipy a« man and wife, short of a miracle. David was all emotion, especially in divine things; whereas Michal was as proud and cold as if she had been a daughter of Lucifer, as indeed she was. David that day was like one of our own ministers coming home from/ the communion table. It takes a night and aj day and "more than that till the agitation ar/d the! emotion of a comimunion day subsides and settles! in a minister's heart. And if he were met with.^ a b3o'w in the face about his sermon or his prayer or his table service as he opened his own) door, that was exactly the reoeption that poor, David met with at Miohal's 'hands that day. Leti the wïie see, at any rate, that she holds her, tongue. I do now speak of communion time« TheroUs no fear of any minister's wife speaking on that day as Michal spoke. But there are o then times with ministers and with all men; times when husband^ and wife do not see eye to eye; time3 when their two hearts do not beat as one heart; times of distaste, and disapproval and dif- ference of opinion, and positive dislike; when! Michal, who is written for our learning, must be called to every wife's mind. Michal with her heart! full of war, and her .mouth full of wicked words, and her whole after life full of remorse and mis ory for that evil day in her house in Jerusalem-? Michal is a divine looking-glass for all angry and outspoken wives. ' 5\. "It was before the Lord," was DAVID'S NOBLE ANSWER to Michal's taunting and insulating words. Thati was the whole explanation of David's emotionJ and the sufficient justification of it. David's over- flowing joy that day had its deep and full spring} in that far-off but never-to-be- forgotten day when! Samuel cairne to Bethlehem with his horn of oil« To understand Da¡vid and to sing David's psalms',, yju must have come through David's experiences; you .must have had David'9 birth and upbringing; David's election and anointing and call; David'ai sins and David's salvation; David's falls and Da- vid's restorations; David's offices and David'si sei vices in the church of God. No wonder, then, that so .many of David's psalms are as much be- yond your depth to-day as his dancing was be- yond Michal's depth that day. Mlohal thought' of her royal father Saul that day, and despised) David. David thought of his poor father Jesse that day, and danced before the Lord. And, as he says, he would have danoed all tho same, and1 still more, liad heaven and earth and hell been all let loose to scoff and scout at him. "Both, less and more than king," is Dante's whole remark on David's dance. As wo shall be on that day, wh>in we look down at the bolo of the pit from whence we were diggod, and oast our crowns at Hjs feet who took us from tho dung-hill and set us beside David. (5. And then the truly noble, the truly humble, and THE TERRIBLY LONELY MAN that ho was, David took up the taunt o.f his godless and heartless wife, and wore it as a badge of honor before the Lord that day. Yes, he said, it will be as you say: I will seek and I will find among bhe poorest and tho moat despised o£ God's people that which .my own married wife denies mo at home. And who oan tell how, many husbands here aro in David's desolate case? Who can tell how many have to go out of their own homes to find the finest sympathy, and tho fullest utterance, and the completest rest for their hearts? Let the wife see that hoi* híláband has not to go abroad to find his b^st friend, his most sympathetic and fellow feeling friend, and, above all, in his religion. A1 minister, with tears and shamo, onoe told me that he preached best and prayed best when his wife was at home. What a gulf there was between David and Miobal; between Jesus and His breth- ren, not to say His mother; and between myj desolate friend and his wife! My brethren, the Holy Ghost knew what He was doing, and fon whom Ile was doing it, when He moved the sacred1 writer to put that day in David's life into oun Bible. And this-Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loved the churdh, and gave Him- self for it. And this-And tho wife seo that she reverence her husband. »?? i II.II II mi numil i.<-?-? 