SPORTING. By -f itfASCOTTE,' Our Sydney correspondent wires :— The lutest betting ou the Doucastcr Handicap is 8 to 1 Courallie, 10 to 1 Jack o' Lantern ami Albieore, 12 to 1 Response, 14 to 1 Vaga bond and Hindoo. Wallaeo is a firm favor ite for the Sydney Cup at 4 to 1, Toreador 7 to 1, Valiant, Patroness, and Harvester 10 to 1, Damicn, Fort, Music, and Delaware,. U in 1. As will be seen by an advertisement else where the Carrathool cricketers try con clusions with the locul knights of tho willow on Easter Monday. The match takes place on the park oval, and commenees at 10.30. The selection committee have decided that Addicoat, Armilage, Ayre, Cross, Dillon, Evans, W. Gihbs, Heath, Kemp, O'Hanlou, and Pollard shall do battle for Hay, and Carrathool sends their best team, which will be chosen from Anthony, Barron, Campbell* Cross, Donovan, Hancock, Kelly, A. Led widge, U. Ledwidge, Looby, Moore, Timn, and Tynan. The executive committee of the Hay Cricket Council have mado very completo arrangements for tho event. A booth liccn&c; has been obtained and tho right Bold at a satisfactory figure. The Hay Band will play in tho park during tlio match. The visiting team will bo enter tained at dinner in the evening, and the Municipal Council, through tho courtesy of the works committee and the mayor, have put down about 100 ft. of seating accoinmo* dation in the park. Tho seats are placed on the western side of tho oval, so that ladies and other onlookers may view the match with comfort and without the uncomfortable glare of the sun in their oves. The nrocoeds of the match urc to be devoted to the hos pital, and, us tho greatest of all virtues— charity — can thus be combined with healthy amusement, it is to be hoped that the public will attend in largo numbers and in great quantity. Tho bicycle races will end in serious disaster unless the children and stray dogs keep inside the ring while they arc going on, and, although tho cricketers are giving the proceeds to the hospital, they don't want to have to scud a patient to use them up. Wherefore, roll up, keep inside the ring, and give the ladies a seat. The pupils of the Hay High School (con- ducted by Mr J. M. Grant) will journey to Carrathool on Saturday next to meet the local boys in a friendly game of cricket. While the youthful willow-wielders are on tour, they will be under the watchful eye of Mr. Grant, and I trust that they will do their popular master as much credit in the cricket field as they do over the desk. The team will be accompanied by the other scholars, and its personnel is as follows : —Jack Dillon (captain), Frank Darchy (vice-cap- tain), Jack McDonald, Tom Abberton, Fred Cooper, James Corrigan, Gus Travis, Ed- ward Heath, Jack Trollope, Lawrence Her- riott, and Willie Page. Emergencies, Alfred Herriott, Fay Maclure, and Frank Gunning. Irving Sayles, the nigger minstrel, asked the gentleman who owns the racehorse Sayles why he was named thus. The owner I replied. 41 Because he is so black.' To which Irvc retorted, ' You ought to nuine him Pope, bccause Charlie is a heap blucker'11 me.' Bill, a much fancied candidate for tho last V.R.C. Graud National Hurdle Race, broke his ncck in the Hurdle Race at Sundown Park (Vic.) races oh Saturday. Poor Wil liam, he'll trouble the punters no more ! Visitors to the' Tumut races (says ' Turanuki ') speak well of the way Jar man's starting machines worked 011 both days of the meeting. Not a single hitch oc curred throughout the two days. It is said that the stublc have not yet got a shilling on Cournllie for the Doucastcr. For the Stuwell Easter Gift, 130 vards, W. Melrose has been handicapped at OA yds, and has left to fulfil his engagement.' The running commences 011 Saturday. In summing up the chances of the competitors, the Sportsman gives Melrose an outside show. King on 2.V yards is said to be a rare ' duck,' and ' Billy' will have some tough 'tins to beat before lie can claim the prize. That old-time knight of tho shoe, ' Dick ' Williams, is in town this week, aud during his stay, ' old Sheffield days 'arc being re vived. Tom Pringle has taken his departure for the City of the Beautiful Harbor. Mr A. C. Edwards' cast-off, Gipsy Jack, is said to bo the champion pony of Narandera now. Speaking of the abandonment of the May meeting by tho Hay Jockey Club, 'Augur's Ghost' in tho Narandera Aryus says: ' Why not plough up the course and sow it with wheat- and oats, then perhaps noxt year they would be able to do as in Maoriland, give grain prizes.' Bouquet has been weighted at 10.7 for the First Hurdle Race at the A.J.C. Meet ing. The crack 'lepchascr Daimio is develop ing lameness, and is causing his trainer some anxiety. John L. Sullivan has recovered from his recent accident. Un the nth February the burly Bostonian left Springfield, III., for Fort Worth, Texas. Several hundred people gathered at tho depot to catch a sight of the once invincible Sullivan. He still has his head swathed iir bandages, and bis face is badly scarred up. Otherwise ho seems to be iu fair condition. It would evi dcntlv take something more severe than a 'spill' from a locomotive (traveling at Yankee speed) to kill the great John L. Joe ^ Choynski, tho pugilist, is danger ously ill, as the resultof injuries received in his recent fight with Hall. . 5: Grandmaster, sire of Gipsy Grand, is now blind. ? The action bntweon Mr Quinlivan and Mr W. Douglas over the ownership of Brooklet lias been withdrawn from the Supreme Court and referred to arbitration. The 8tli April is nomination day for the' chief events to be run at the Narandera Turf Club's auniial meeting on 6th and 7th. May. Owners should noto this. Wallace should havo a lien - on all the weight-for-age events at the A.J.C. Meet ing. . i Hova will not put in an appearance at Randwick. - 