THIE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Dlr. J. N. iMaskelyne, the conjurer, relatea some of his experilnces to a writer in the " Iflglish Illlstrated Miagzine " :t-l Apart from maer1 objlctive illusion," ha anys, "* appar itions exist only in ilun..:iallion. The gnrat prIolf Iof thli i tle qulatiJln llf lothta. If apirita a lplearcd fifea amao of tim 'living piAr lutes,' tl J ureztly ill tlhe fnitric, int Igihllt ble hll was th, lirat to I lugg-t this objection, sl.out 30 years go. w I aav g ia dlinelcuion with Mr. Enghlah $1illtuiialit?, I very nice, rlalliblel. at111 credulous ol eld hutmnann. i was describing a cance Il h all ttllendel d and where a lady snaw thil spirit ol hIl grallfatnlhr. 8e had never seen him in certh-lile, but recegni-ed him fioma a aillting. Tle a irit aptllared ill periwlg, knee-breechea, ano, a :rcen coat with gilt bult tan.. l. hent? nla I, ' thi aidy vot only sa" the spiit of her glltdfa.tler. but also Ihe spliril of his green cuot aItnd pilt bllltons ' fir. Coleman looked at me a ith rather a puzzled ex pre31iun. I Culllilliedl l: * I),yoll rally Inliavl that ther i sullch a thing llll IaIh piritni a coat', SNlo,' aili Ili. ' I can'llt tlhik Illt. haIi I call't account fllr tli alial'lae1 ofa tlhe clotheslaa, but II awill a.k tla splirits.' 'Ihil ouhl gCntlenlaIn told me afierwardis that le had c1 n aultlaa I * Kaily King' upon the subject. Katiy Kina, as you. may reeblll erl , was a very polllllar piritat that time, no luuch so that alo wan frelquenltly knownl to have aplmarld at several rnSullce at the cale aaeornl. a la, was aa,o Iho apitlt who a .a "ai,' to have carridliMrtl . Guplly from la Ill'a lP'llI to Innll'i, Condluit-.trit, anti it w the ex-l Iloslre of tias 'spirit ' which enlt 1poo1r IRtlrt l:ita (L)Wlli La a lunatic asyllll. W, II, Ktley King ahlrked Air. I'ollmalhllla lltiot lor 1111 tinl, bui he persisted ill Ilhvinllg Inl answer.r and at lint she replied, ' Wly, Why, f courae, w materialise the clothes out of particles in tile atsllapbere.' This waM a ipe fectly .aNtifactory exaldanation to Lia Spirialialds, but even thL, most credullou mlmbers of the i ocitry for Psychical Ithnarch caunlot at preauut believe inathe ghost a a Lpair of hrcchlas. Ii they could, they would at once accept every night. moaresliry as a sliritual visilatliu. Thlat c1n*. ning ald ilpostllr, idima. iliavatilty, triul to bridge over thin dilirculty by inventing the theory that there is n * lalntlal Iclly' or contllcr partto everything ill ixihtlluco aI UeverytllJllg nthat halias cii te . llslo lher t hLu all aitrai sea-scrmlntl, alln altl Lig goolseberry--in fact, an astral world allld a atral universe." 