TGffiUI OF PBOMSGT. There are only eight members of the Comet Cycling Club, hut they were out in full force on that delicious May Sun day for the run down to South shore, and pulling up, just before noon, at Sandy Cove for a sandwich, a pipe and a rest, they took possession of the piaz za of one of the yet unopened cottages on the beach. The day was fit for the gods, the skies blue, the sea as smiling as if it wore midsummer, and the sunlight on the sails of a large schooner standing stead ily across the bay on a long track, the gentle washing of the water among the rocks on the shore, the light wind cool ing and grateful as it blew over heated brows, were all influences which com bined with the fragrance of good Perri Que moved one to introspection and thence to confidence. The little group fell gradually into a silence that among so many women would have been as ominous as the hush preceding a thunder-storm. Here it meant, first, a profound animal con tent, and following on the heels of that a long look into the future, after the manner of their kind, for the medita tive man thinks about what is to come as instinctively as the meditative wo man of what is past. Dick Whitney was the first to speak. Removing his meerschaum from his .mouth—it was a splendidly colored lion’s head — and gazing fondly at its tawny richness, he said: “Our days are numbered, boys; We shall have few more times like this.” “ Why not?” demanded Morris, from ■his perch on the piazza rail., ■ • “Because summer's coming.” . “What of that?” rose the chorus. They were all listening now. “Girls!” said the sage darkly and sen tentiously, and forthwith a gloom set tled on those happy souls—no, not on all, for little Louis, in the corner, who had been softly whistling “The Sunshine of Paradise Alley” under his breath,turned scarlet through his tan as if detected in a treacherous thought, and wondered if anybody noticed the tingle of pleasure that pervaded him at the mere mention of such delightful possibilities. Louis was nearly IS. and wax in the hands of anything feminine, for at that age, as some astute French philosopher —Balzac, isn’t it?—observes “on n’aime pas une femme mais le sexe,” but the others were hardened veterans, primed with the bitter wisdom of experience, and Dick, the Nestor of the club, at 30 had made for himself quite a neat repu tation as a cynic. Bracing himself with a whiff of his pipe, and blowing out the smoke in deli- j cate rings, lie pursued his remarks: “Last season was the first for years when a man had the ghost of a chance to escape from their clutches. They couldn't all ride wheels. But this sum mer they’ve got them. Lord bless you; yes, to a petticoat, and I can hear their assurance rising up over the land : ‘Whither thou goest, I will go.’ ” “It’s leap year, too,” said a still, small voice, tinged with despondency. “Fel lows. you won’t believe it. but I have had three proposals already since Janu ary and —” a great burst of laughter in terrupted tiie speaker, who paused and stared pensively at his golf stockings, imported at untold expense and chas tely designed in the blue and green Sunderland plaid. An Adonis of middle class society, finely proportioned as a ' Greek athlete, and further endowed I with close-cropped chestnut curls and sleepy eyes.lie felt it would be unreason able to expect even a new woman to contemplate such charms unmoved and put up good naturedly with ordinary adoration. These later aggressive at tentions had been too much. Why was this amusement at the turning of the worm? “What’s the joke?” he asked, sulking. “You don’t mean that,” cried Louis in credulously. “It’s gospel truth. Why, what if I told you that M-:, well 1 can’t men tion any names, but' if I only hinted at a girl who has as good as asked me to many her within a month, nobodv would believe me, and one of you would knock me down—if he could.” “The beginning of the end.” A solemn note crept into Dick’s tone. ‘Reg gie is right—there’s no joke about it. This is the sort of thing in store for eveiy man-jack of us unless we make a determined stand. I tell von. I shall I a presentiment that one and all of us will be wooed and wed this summer if we don’t take measures for self- defence at once. Laugh away. It’s true.” | “Cassandra in knickerbockers,” smil ed Morris, whose remarks sometimes had a surprising classical flavor. Dick growled. “What is the better part of valor?” said he. “ Discretion !” responded the literary member, briskly, a youth who had won '.hat proud distinction by reporting ball games and yacht races, and now felt all the mental elation of a witty repartee. “Exactly,” agreed Dick, “and where a woman is concerned one can’t be too valorous or joo discreet. The question is, are we ready to be sealed in the bonds of matrimony or are we not?” “We are not!” The reply was unani mous, coming from the much-proposed to loudest of all; from little Louis half heartedly. j “The noes have it,” and Dick rose to his feet, a gallant figure in his home spuns. A melancholy brown moustache effectively hid whatever expression., might steal into the lower part of his face, and his eyes were by turns sharp, quizzical and kindly as they lingered now on this lad. now on that, always re turning lovingly to the meerschaum, which he often declared was the only, thing that stood by him faithfully in life. He held it in his hand, and his fin gers closed upon it with sudden energy, as leaning against a post lie suddenly took up the theme again in a convinc ing. lazy drawl. , , “ I am no orator as Brutus is. but, bovs, I know what I am talking about. They're a poor lot—girls—and they’re after us like a pack of hounds. As Reggie there says, it's leap year, and mighty preparations arc making, bilks and muslins, and fiummndiddles, we are proof against those, for we know them of old. hut this new woman who rules after us on a bicycle and takes the court ing into her own hands. I tell you I am afraid of her. ft seems to me there is just one safe course to pursue.”. The others waited. Mot quite sure’ how much of this was chaff and how much earnest. Reggie, pitching the end., of his last cigar out on the sand. “ tVe must fly from the' enemy—re treat as she advances, that is not manly, hut it is discreet. If we don’t want to he caught we must keep out of reach of the Dollvs and Doras, or. hang it all. they will have us. What do you sayr "biitl.iici’Gu nncl | tered and^persuaded. till move in -jest than in earnest, the. Comet Oyel.ing Club I found itself actually engaging to re-r I nouncc for the summer wha t-the great lexicographer calls “ the endearing ele "ance of female friendship.’ and not to risk willingly the temptation of . moonlit: ni,rht.s on mountain or sea. picnics, straw rides, tctc-a-tctcs. wheeling par ties or any of the lures the sirens com monly practice. ' .. Toor Louis, indeed, felt dismal fore bodings that the sacrifice would be more than he could make, seeing himself m no distant future a per.iirel villain, be cause being still in that sweet, foolish youth which dreads nothing, so much as being thought young- “ifs” and 'huts stuck in his throat, and would not be uttered. In a timid protest he ventured, to murmur: • ' "Would it not be more Christian to love our enemies?” and the hubbub of his discomfiture broke up the meeting with most admired disorder. They, picked up themselves and their wheels, making ready for the spin back to town, casting last glances at . the beautiful prospect spread out before them. At the left of the little cove a thicldy wooded point ran out into, the bay, the roofs of several large and pretentious mansions, showing among the trees here and there, ana paths emerged from the aristocratic quarter upon the beach, where rows of well-kept bath houses suggested that the grandees condescen ded to take an occasional dip in the surf. It was so early in the season that none of the cottages showed any signs of oc cupancy, and great was the surprise of the young men as three people suddenly appeared at the end of one of. these paths, an old gentleman and a lady, and a tall, slight young woman in a bi cycling suit of covert cloth. "With equal astonishment the new comers returned the gaze till the girl, about^whose good looks the club had 'instantaneously. agreed to a man, gave a startled ex clamation of recognition, and Mr Rich ard Whitney, cynic and woman -hater; hurried eagerly towards her with a wave of colors dying his sunburnt face. What followed was in pantomime to his comrades. Handshaking, a few. broken and embarrassed sentences, then lie was presented to the old lady and gentleman, and the conversation which began continued without any apparent end in view, until the other young gen tlemen left out in the cold fussed and fumed with indignation and impatience, throwing themselves down in the sand awaiting Lord High Mighty’s pleasure to depart. “That’s what I call consistent,” grum bled Morris, feeling an intense attraction towards the unknown charmer whose graceful, lightly-built figure appeared at its best advantage against the back ground of sea and sky. “Luck for Dick that she hasn’t noticed me. He wouldn’t be in it if she had,” observed Reggie, serenely. [ “Peacock!” came from the others, and Morris gave him a kick a little too de cided to be playful. “Can I help it?” said'Adonis, with re- • proach. “I don’t want them to fall in love with me, but they always do. It’s mighty awkward for a fellow some "Do you suppose she is in love with Dick?” asked Louis. “How do we know, chump?” respon ded the literary member. “I should say she was. That’s the way they generally look at me just be fore they come to a crisis. I wonder who she is. I fancy I have seen her somewhere.” ' “It is an old friend of mine who has been abroad for years.” he began. “Poor chap!” sighed Reggie, too quietly to be heard. “One of those houses belongs to her uncle and aunt. They just came down for the day—came on the train, find she is going to ride back on her wheel.” Still that uncomfortable silence as the lads scrambled up and prepared to lead away their bicycles. “ "Wait a minute!” stammered Dick. “You—you had better go on without me. She wants me to go with her. I don’t like to refuse an old friend, and, beside, she doesn’t know the road. Well?” 1 The club turned and looked at him as one man, and the captain became con scious of a sudden intense envy of a clam that lay at his feet. “We might all escort her,” said Morris, dryly. “There’s safety in numbers.” “Yes, introduce us,” clamored the oth ers. “Better not,” said Reggie, shaking his handsome head. “I’m fond of . you, old fellow, and you wouldn’t have a show if she saw me.” A violent resentment gripped at Dick’s heart at this; he picked up his tall wheel and turned away. The lovely stranger, had been watching him under her long lashes, ' wondering why the situation seemed so strange, and what had tem perd his joy at meeting her again. “ I shall have to lead him on,” she' thought, “but I am certain he loves me still, and I always meant to marry him in the end. "Dick.” as he came up to her. “who is that awfully good looking man— the one in the green and blue stock ings?” Twenty minutes later the Comet ClutS had reached the top of a long and gentle ascent, which it was only a pleasure to climb, and there pausing for breath, glanced backward instinctively along the road they had just passed over. At the foot of the hill they saw the captain and the old friend who looked not a day over twenty, walking slowly, and engaged in conversation of the most interesting na “ * Discretion is the better part of va lor,’ ” quoted Morris significantly, and the derisive laughter that followed wag borne on the wind to the ears of that couple. Dick bit his lip savagely. “They are bidding you good-by,” she said softly, “but you don't mind when you have got me, do you?” But little Louis fit esomething thump ing at his side all the way home, not his heart, but the beloved meerschaum which the cynic had left behind, forgot ten, on tne Deacn. -Boston Herald. 