Some Grhost Stories. A Tho following authentic incidents are , teresting. About sovon years ago ono of Majesty's Inspectors of Schools was l'ic ' through ono of tho western counties of K i land in tho prosecution of his dntios. A ? certain village on tho route it chanccd 1 somo rents, Iohl' in urrenr. were naid to 1 .. in notes and gold, and fooling somowl uneasy in carrying a considorablo Si through miles of weird gorso country, a being quite unprotocted, ho quiokoned 1 . horse's pace iu ondor to reach I nearest town boforo nightfall. Suddonly : lingo ancl villainous-looking man armed w. : a bludgeon pushed through tho gorso a , monncingly demanded monoy. Tho inspect ? urged his horso forward, but tho man lioj tho bridlo with a grip of iron. Ho raised 1 weapon to strike, whon tho sound of horstg hoofs rapidly appronohingcaused tho inspeotf. to turn round, aud at that moment 1| assailant relaxed his hold and rotroatod iuj, the darkness. Tho horseman quickly ronoll| tho inspector, and together thoy Bpurod lxjlj. ward at a gallop. Whon thoy woro at a flal| . j distanco from tho robbor tho inspector souglij / i to converse with liis dolivoror, but not a worj ? ? | did ho roply, niul at tho first cross roads th! , 1 horsenian turned and disappeared lis myBtorir -.j ously as ho camo. A gontlomau in LondojJ i had a romarkablo cxporioiico aomo yearn/ J ngo, tho mystery of which has uovor beonl 3 solved. Ho was quiotly engaged 111 his rooms J ono day during tho summer of 1883, whontg | happening to look up, ho distinctly saw at,! j friend of his seated 011 a couch about three 1 yards distant. He looked at him in surprise, | but not in fear, for ho felt nono. Tho frioni seomod as though ho wished to speak, but did 1 not do bo. In a few moments I10 vanished a» quietly and suddonly as ho had appeared. Tho ' gontloman was still wondering what it could'1 all portend whon a telegram was .handed to fs.) him. informing him that his friend had ;junl» -1 died. ''.j Tho following iucidont, rolatod by n gontlo-W man rosiding in tho South of England, pos- ry sossos a solution of thomystory told which is 'i1 „i! 1 ? u t.. ?. iiuu Hiuuuiiu mi uiuiuuriu ui miuiuur xja. y 18G4 I lived iu I'imlieo, in a houso reputed tp j bo hauntod by a woman in black, whom botk i my mothor and aunt dcclarod thoy had tfoonj^ v.v Gathered iu tho auto-room ono night wo lnvdl ? i boon discussing tho subject. Tho clock! .1 struck midnight, and with tho last stroko #oi\ . woro startled by tho swishing sound as of tlu- 'll silken dross of someone doscondinjj- l| tlio stairs from tho top lloor. Alarm wns: I dopictod 011 ovory faco.- ,Tho nouud ! camq noaror to ? us, regularly and ,/f stoaclily, but without any accompanying foot- l|f stop. Past tho room wo woro in, down into- i | tho hall, and through tho swing-door into tlio |i kitchen it took its way. Soizing a light I I followod to oloar up tlio mystery and diB- |' 'covered our 'harmless nooosnary' cat witli | somo pastod wall- papor odging sticking to its I foot, which it had brought from tho top, v ) whoro tho paperlmngors had boon at w&rk.; ||| This had produced tho peculiar rustling sound l|| liko that of a lady's silk dress, and tliua wna w| our mystery changod into mirth.' 