it '&? B S?JB &.T - ?'' OW' S'LA-CK' :f '?: ' 'hollo w grangm - X''t OHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) ? T j Jf Wlittt stall I aaytp him i',eh6.,wh!appVs. ' Hoi? shall „ It ell, -Arabrossi Jvbeo ijic , -comca!'' .. ..?? ?: . y .-« « ' Tbb old fath^f woitsJiripallently^orVipvf i~ r: ^momenfB, -, and,', receiving ho' iriswor^ it , ? bounda up thbstalrs. [{/, ? AJ aud .meets him at the door, aiid hei v?Kfto'; face, startles1' him ?' as :i£ if,were!ls' '.-ghost.' '' v ! - I''1' ??* -v f ' What b it fhe1 queatlona; 'Isttio little V -.ltSB ill-?'* j * 'Then he eeei thooponwlndow, and the' drifting' enowj-and: ': etanda silent ? and Bjj;ua»6 t-rJ _ ^ ri iV--i( Father, tha window' was open '-when i - - I-atmo,up,'\f£tt-m poor Maud. .'- Iattbel'hiu m- gone.''».; ...' ? ' ... . ? ? 'Ooner.he repeats. ' Gpne where ? Net outJi^thla stdrfiijlasBl' ? ' : a.' ? ' ' Mind niakei 'ho 'answer she only looks at' heteye^dll, of unutterable pain and' pity.- So'methlhg in tho Idok makes the bid father «tart, .and drives 'the color from hla »t ' rtiddvcBbek, ! ? . X'You'don't me»n' to say— you don't thinki' ; r-.V.- he stammers, putting his hand to his head; ?- llkoone bowUdercd. : . . ... ? ? .. \-- 1 Then ho ruajjes to. the open casemoat, 'and ? : ; l6okiDgIouth'aDO ,the torn and trailing vine, % A hoarse, pitiful cry escapes him. He torus } ? to/Maud:entrsatingly. \- ; ? . ',** M»udie,'^Iaudie, don't tell, me 'tis' so,' Be falters i 'it.' can't'/be, bhild f ' Wiry, 'she , ? . was1in' tfer wedding'.' clothes, .She wouldn't ? have left her old father'ao.' No, no ; come,* Maud, we'llflnd h eh'''- Oome, lass (' ?' -- ' J V v^^e'ruBhesdown tho stairs,' and' Maud fallows, 'through 'the ;rb6m,. filled with muBtc and'dancing,' but intotho wild winter .ortgbt. ... j.,.,. «?, .. [?. ^ Oome, lasa,'J he', repeats, .leading on to . . * waffl.the stables, ahd Maud follows, horblaok. ? baff.fttlrwreatbed witli'snow.1'' l ' - A stable boy cpmes out with' a lantern in his hand,. : . .. V, - ...? ? ,'/^- '.'Has young/Mj;. Hariowe gone, my lad ! ' * 3eroands the aquir., , struggling vainly to keep j';.,; ^ ' .nia'voice steady. ? ?? ?./; ' x,',A3r,^rr-gone.thiahbur, mebbel', . ,T . 'VYodsaw.him go. then?'. ';,,r ' ? ' ? 'Ay, .sir,' with a grin, arid'.a! knowing tcer.j The old '.man; hesitates, , and t. breathes, last and hard; at last hejgulps out tho quea-. ;. ?? ' Hon'. : ' '??; Did any oiie go with him; Tini'?'1' ' ' : yim wink8.the snow out of his' eyes, and , .. wears an'ihnocent face. V''V, , , , .J'.Tes. Bquife.iie took a lady witii him l'' De answers. v'There'ls a.dead silence for a full mipn'to',' ? then the aquiro turns fiercely on : his daughter. '? ? ? ?' i'.;'1-','' ? ?? J. ''It ia true, ilaud,' he gnsps, his volco ,ji„ .? thick- and) hoarse; 'ho has:carried her.off. .Onrse him, -.'ana curse her I' - . , \- - -.'Oh, father,' hush .)'! entreats Maud, cling ing to his arm. : \- But he throws her o&, his cyea glaring,. . bis cheat heaving, hia ,face . swollen, and -. purple. ? . ~,.'r ' Curse him J!' ? he repeats,, huskily. '? He has'stolen her from me, my innoccntdarlin^, i - he will bring her to shr.me and sorrow. : Go . find fetch ber back. .Maud, I: say ; follow ^ ' them, and fetch the lifjl'e ono home.' ,; .The .. words die in inarticulate gaspsj 5^?^Ji%^lpjM«ely.rt' cboke^i ^?^vVijhimi v.then : throws , up .? Lib- ? t(n hppds, and;'allB; like a log, face downward, ia tlio CHAPTER XIV. , THE FAITHFUL DOO, ' Day dawns over tho white, Highland bills, and over the drifted moorlands.. The fierce :^^ \ r,i(yWinds havo subsided, tlieen'ow hns ceased, and *1 %'*' 'the sky breaks iout here and there in clear, I ' :' , opaline rifts, - ' ,, The Highlanders, who have scoured the ; ? '.'-bill-paths . through all the torriblg ' night hours, cluster about the huge fire in the farm house kitchon, with ;nwed faces and silent . lips'; even the panting dogs, stretched before the hearth, look up with' wistful, sympathis ing eyes. i A great calamity, has.fallefa'.* upon .'the hitherto happy occupants (if tho- old farm hoqoe Little Isabel iB' gone, and1 in''thei next room, where the curtains rare 'drawb, and . silence reigns, her fond old father lies djring. Maud sits at bis pillow, white and calm moistening his livid liDS.countine his labored stertorous breathings; and in tne next rooin,. tho faded wedding garlands hung, and tho remnants of tbe wedding supper are still visible. A couple of neighboring 'farmers, have: gone in ? search of Isabel, with small' \- hope, ' however, of finding, her; and-- of »? .-.' Ambrose, the bridegroom, no tidinga can be » gamed. ; ? ? . . , The Highland lads, and theii- trained ddgs, have Bcoured'the country for miles, hut with out succee . Xhero is no trace of Ambrose ? iinco he parted : with his mother at the .cot tage door . And she, poor woman, is beside herself with . grief, and had. to be. restrained , from rushing out into the diifts , to follow, her husband, who has gone' in rsearch- of AmbroBe with a fresh party. She sits in « corner, wringing her hands, and rocking herself to and fro, and' complaining ihces- ; siantly: . ? ; ?? 'My brave, handsume boy I my darling ; . i i- /Ambrose I. Only to think of him lying under tho drifts; stark and cold I' . Meanwhile the father and hia party aro'; scouring every inch of land between the cot' ? ? ??tage and the'Fellside, but so'far without sue cess. ' They pause now, as tbe red sun comda Soaring up r on the wild bill-range . beyond which the' haunted manor lies,' worn : out by thsir long tramp, and utterly 'its-; heartened. ' . Tho fath or breaks but into a aeries of heart broken moans, and htB grief unmanBhia com L rades. 'Come, come, neighbor, .keep heart I' cries ohe of the party. ' It is not aB bad wi' jon as them at tne Fellside^farm— the squire* adyin' an i . the lass gone off to her ruin !' 'Wo may stumble on the lad yet. Waa ho Trilling to.tho marriage, and full fond o' the. lass, think ye V' ' ' | v ' Well, he waan't o'er eager, that's a fact.' ' j The, match »/ere o' the dame's makingfrom first to last; but Ambrose was .'fqpd ip', Uabelj and she were a likely lassio, andif .yc knew rny-soq, mates, ye.woiildh't thiDkrjbfnt' the man to back-out, and leave his'bjride'.^ j waiting on her wedding-Eighty no JpittcrJ whatsh'ddo]''. : ' ® ' 'Nay, n jy j'we all knoW that; nei^hhpR But what can ha' ' become 'o' the; lad can't bo onder tho drifts, and'the dogs'mlE^ -bim.' -? ... 2. ' No, no ; they'd a- dug him out lorig fgo.t' iGerhart makes answer. ' But, look ye 'at that dogy onder, and harkyo what aery, he sites , and he did the same . thing whbn-'.vvir passed tbat place before— the lad's own dojf, too, ns slept lit his feet every blessed night. . CJtomradea, what di»\t mean?'', V; L i Ho points across the bllis, and they all s^o. tbe gray dog that was the special pet and' ' .fqvotltQ of, Ambrose, scudding through tbo; ?B|flck Hollow, and making a straight lino. Itst thp hauntad hoiiso. Ho ; darts along; through the' drifts, .his hose to the'ground,~ aoarloaf, whining cry escaping him RB hek rnns, ,, , i: .. .,, ,,v.-. i The men stand : and watoh 'lum, ; and td- paUid awe steals over their rougb faces. ' What doea'it mean ?' thev 'whisperjon#' io another. 'BQreiy tna iaa canna Do'-tu° tluit house.'! , - .r . Gerbarts face grows .very' white. and„hifl lips twitch porvoualy. : ' '' 'Not unless ho was decoyed there for ^ some foul purpose,' he apswers. Theiii with ? shiver running through all his strong lifabs, 'Heaven pboTo ue', neighbors, ne breaks outj ' thd old manor wero all allro lait^ntght, a'£ETng that hasn't happenWfor' ' years.' , ? ? 1 ! ' They stand shuddering and; silent. . ' jGerhart .watohes the dog with anxious eyes. -.-Ho runs on across :. tho grounds, through the gate, and up the terrace steps ; then: ho pauses and looks back with aery that: awakens a hundred echoes' amid the 'showy hills.' ' J * .; :' Hark yo;'mateB, ha iB calling ns,'whia. ;pora, Gerhart, - ' ' He's struck' tho lad's trail. Look, ho'a acroBB the; terrace now and on tho Sobr-steps, and ; hark ye: what'a cry I The Sery^pry hi^gives' when be finds .a lamb in: the snow I ' Mates.' and he tiltna upon them with a .white,' awe-stricken face, 'ye ha' ^)6en friendly wi' me. in hiy trouble, and I'm nit; ungrateful.. Ged yo home, now, .and ye tan say to the missus as I'm gone* to follow :thedog.'',. ' , . : He turns from them, and rashes headlong down the bill path. , . They follow him'to a man, . Watt'a bit, Conoid,' they shbnt; eimul taneoualy. ''D'ye think we'd let ye face the' danger .alone? Wait.' hian, we'll- go a :brcasV!'aiid 'if hum comes, let it come to' all:' ,-V '? 'f ; '' : He turnB and grips band after hand in grim silence. Then they1 go trainping on'Bido by si' , :i. '? , ; Down the path, acrosB the Black Hollow, where, the murdered lady's grave-stone arises palo and spectral above tho drifted snow, up the cliff, and across the grounds to the terrace steps. ... ; '.The dog sees them coming, and flies down to meet . i them, uttbriug cries of joy and fanning at bis master's feet. ( ? 5; What j is' It, my briive dogf 'Have.ye found him 2''aaka IJonal^. . ; ? Tho, creature' looks, ' up, his eyes shining With; an intplligehce almost human ; then, with a plnintiv.e.cry, he darta'away. ? Tho dog bounds onwafdt.cloaely followed !by the! men,i and. doea not jbalty ui^til, he comes'to a speotral figure .recumbent oh the 'snow. ' ; . . A. loud' bark' dnd.'-'an. almost natural impression of pain call the attention of the. men to the^'motions of the intelligent ?animal. 'X ?' Presently they. come, up, and a strange Bight meets their eyes.,,, . ; , ; Tiie body of a young man lies prostrate ? beforo them, hiBjupturned face' ghastly in thej.wi'ntry light, hia manly lips rigid, a pool of blood staining the snow beneath his right ?side., ' ?'?' .' .Thus . they find Ambrose, tho handsome . bridegroom.,. , ; _ A.rud litter is haatlly conatrncted', and :with all possible speed jthey get him fronc itheaconrsed place, and;bear him across the snowy ? hills to his father's cottage — , dead as they believe hira— foully murdered at the Haunted Manor on his- wedding- night, : ?? CHAPTER XV - BLESSED 18 IHE.BRIDB WHOM THE BtTB ? ' . . 'SHINES ON. 'looks' 'its dreariest1 this wintry morning. Smoke and yellow fog hang ovei everything like a pall ; .the gas-lamps, still burning, although it iB high noon, flare and gUuimer in th£;aw wind, and'the incessant winter rain beats againBt the window at which Isabel stands— a 'forlorn little figure to look at ;: her pretty child's face pale with weariness,' the white silk bridal dress all , toiled' and'crumpled ; ' and she is not a bride, yet.'- ' '?/' .Thecold was so bitter, drifted snowsodeiep', that Arthur decided to make no stop,' so they 'haye trfivellcd'day and night to London. \- Hi! hak, gone. ,bif Bonievvhere . to make ; ?.arxangements..for tbelr 'raarriage, ,aiid. to. dcjiwi on iiis hanker ior money; and laithella' aWne, She stands at tho window. of the \- secluded lodging-hbuBO and looks down upon the flaring lamps, and the dismal streets, nnd - the bedraggled passengers, with cruel pain at her young heart. She bos never seen London, before, and this first - glimpse of it la unutterably wretched.' She thinks of the cheery old home amid the Scottish valleys, of the glow ing fireside,- her father, sitting in his great chair, and ilaud at tier little sewing Btand, Do thoy miss her, she Iwonders ? Will they oyer forgive her, and love her'again? V Th? door openB and the laudlady looks is. ' /'Well, my dear, ' she begins, fluttering back hor pink, cap ribbonB, ' how are 'you now? Not a-oryin', srirely?' Why,' that'll never do. You'll spile 'your eyeB .and' look quite a fright when tbe gentleman gets back, A.falr-spoken gentleman he.'pears to be, too, and not a bit close, which he paid me down' in advance, and two shillin' over and above my charge, an' then put his' purse— an' it a crammin' wi' Bank o' Hengland bills — in my Belindy Jane's hands and Bent her out to by your outfit, miss, with orders to buy the best of everything,1 and not to spare change, svhicti I hope ho means honest by you, miss1; ?otherwayB I Bhould feel unwilling to have ?you Under my roof.' , Jsabel turnB round at last, with wide, tear filled eyes. V ' What did you Bay, madame ?' She falters. ' I don't think I quite understand you.' Mrs.' HobbB makes ber pink' streamers .'inher virtuons.escitement. ? ? - !' I say, miss, as I hope as this young gentleman jnetina to act honestly by you.' - JBiipel's eyes widen nii(\ tier lips quiver like a child's, but in'her truBtful innocence-' she does not fully comprehend tho landlady's meaning. She ' tnrha back to tho window, and down below, and amid the smoko and rain, she sees l}er lover. A glad ory breaks from her lips 'and her fcyes light with rap ture. In another minute he is ' at the door, add she flies to welcome him. ' Arthur, Arthur, I have beenso wretched I ? -im so glad you have come I' '; He clasps her olose;' looking down upon the sliniT disheveled figure I'. : y' Nevermind, love, I shall not leave you again,' he Bays, soothingly. 'My arrange ments ; are all-, made,' and here cornea the lybung woman with your; outfit. Nothing remainB to be done now.- .but to get yourself ready and drive with me to church. Before this beastly day ends, yon will bo my wife, and to-morrow morning, if I roeeive an answer to my message, we will start for Marlowe, Hall.'- , : The.landlady.draws a long breath of re lief. ; .'' I'm glfid to hear yon say tho same, sir,' she puts ^n, pushing up in front of the young couple, ' though I was. satisfied you meant her fair ahd honest.' ' | The baronct's son t ilences her with aslngle .flash of his handsome eyeB. i ' 1 That will do, Mrs. Hobhs, thanking ypu all the same fdj ( yoiir good intentions,' ho Says; haughtily.,; ' Please have the goodness jlo assist yoiir daughter in unwrapping her |purchaaea, and .when we'vo selected a suit jible outfit, I'll trouble ybu to help this lady ^jith her toilet. i :'A gpod'deal.outj the landlady compresses h/i'r lij)!) and mfckefl lujijto to jissist Belindy. Jane, who comes in, panting under ihe weight jobber packages. Meanwhile while Arthur *tjikcs a pretty casket from his bosom, and JturnB tqilsabel.v ? i ; ' .'Look, dearest, here is you bridal present,' 'he says, displaying an exquisite set of pearls and diamonds, '''Snd'here-ts-your wedding ring, the_ mystic Jlttle circle that will make up two one.' ' 1 . ' ?' ,,,I«abel a()roam» and. claps her bands like a child: ; -;? 'Ob, how lovely I Ob, if Maudio could see them I Arthur, Arthur, bow good you are to mo I' _ ? He imites with pleased admiration. .'??I'm glad you like them dear, By and by. when you are 'Lady Marlowe, you shall have costlier gems : and finer robes than these.': ,. , ' 8h's couldn't well have finer or hand somer than these, if you, please, sir,' puts in Bslindy Jans, pushlng.np with an open par eel in her hands. , r She shakes out; a'gaudy robe pf flimsy silk, pea-green in .hue, and profu'iely adorned with flashy buglei and chean lace. . - . Isabel star's with round, ama'ied eyes, irbile-he'r loves swallows something like animpreaatioB. it tpon eppttent \h»t the gaudy and flimsy finiries purchased by Belindy Jane are utterly unsuitable for a bride With an-ongry exclamation, ; Arthur kissed Isabel, begs her to be patient for an hour oi ?o, and hutens from tbo house. Isabel is still gating from tbo window, two hours later, when through the heavy rain, a cab whirls up to the door. Arthur oomes, and brings with blm an immense covered trnnk, and a small, sharp eyed, allm-walsted Frenoh modiste. She hastens up the stairs, and flutters into the dull room like a bird, and the great trunk follows, It is packcd to the brim with all sorts and shapcB of dainty feminine articles on the very top a bridal dress of mouse-gray slit, with lace at the cuffs and throat, that a duchess might wear. It is brought forth,' with a little gemot a hat, and tiny gloves and boats (to match, and with much chatter ing and gesticulating on the' part of the mMt'tli, Isabel, like a secSad Cinderella, is relieved of her crumpled robes, and attired for her bridal. A11 her bright curls are re arranged, and sho smiles, and dimples, and blushes, and looks the very fairest brido in town. By and by a second -carriage combs, and Arthur leads her down and seats her amid the cmhlbhs at hlB aido, and thoy are whirled away, through the rainy twilight, to the old cborph called St. Elfrida, and there, in the presence of ptotured saints and sculptured monks, while the organ thunders, and the drehry winter night falls, thoy are made-man and wife. ' What God hath joined together, let po man put aasnn'der I' At the e^me hotir, just as the wintry day dies nnd the twilight falla, down in the old . Felloidc farm-house, Bqutre Melville breathes hia1 last. Ho haB nevor rallied from that rnwful shook which struck blm down like a' cruel blow. He opens hts eyesandlooksabout him with conscious glances, for tha first time, as the wintry sun goes down. ' 'Maud l' ho calls, in a whisper. Sho bends ovfcr1 him, and layg' hei tender haid on bis brow. -| Maud, did, they find the little lass I Did thoy fetch her baok't' Maud crushes down a' great sob, The truth mifct be told. ' j . 1 '. ? ', 'No father ; tboy could not find her.' He groans, and turns his face to the wall. When he loolca back again, that gray shadow which sooner or later falls pn all human faces, darkens his aolemn eyea. 'Poor little lasa 1 poor foolish lamb I' -he murmurs, brokenly.. .'They'll break her heart I . I shall never see her again, Maud— I'm going out with the winter day — but you'll find hor; She'll como back'to you in her sorrow ahd shame. Poo: little lass I I outsed her in my wrath, but -I didn't mean' it.: Tell her, when she cpmes, Maud, that her olej father forgave her, and blessed her with biq dying b»ath— my, poor little tender Iambi' . And these were bis last words. When ::-e darkness -fell, Maud sat alone with her deid. OHKTUSK AVX. SFIBITBD AWAT. 'Man and wife— Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and ? heir, and Isabel, the Scottish herdsman's daughter. . ?They leave London in the gray of another morning for the anceBtrol m'an Bion, Marlowe Hall.. Arthur Bent-his mesaage, a few hours prior ? to his marriage, informing his father of .the step ho had taken, despite liis oxpreas commands, and bogging por miBaion to ' bring hia wife home, with little hope, however,' of receiving any thing inreplyhuta repetition of hia father's former deciaion ; for, of all men, the baronet was, the last one to ohango his mind and revoke his spoken worda. Still; hoping oven against hope, Arthur sont his message, and with it a letter to his only sister, entreating her to inter cede for him and get permission for him to bring his wifo home. When they had once seen his littlo Isabel, ho felt sure of phrdon from tliom all. And this answer comes at ten o'clock on his wedding-night, brief and to the point, only four words, ' Bring your wife home.' ; Arthur is fairly beside himBelf with rapturo in his glad surprise. ! ' How good of them all I' he skid a dozen times over. ' I really did not ex pect it ; but it is Edith's work. She is' my only sister, you know, Isabel, and just the handsomest and best girl in England. I 'can fancy how you will love her, little one.'' ! Happy Isabel smiles up. at her hand some bridegroom, hor silly heart flutter ing like a bird in her breast at the thought of all the grandeur of the homo and kin dred to which she iB going. Poor little girl, she quite forgets theold roof tree be neath which her young life had passed so, happily ; and she is not a clairvoyant to see the whito face and folded hands of the . old father whose fond heart her wayward ajess has broken.' Her sloep is disturbed by no remorse, 'no regret, and in the gray of the following morning thoy leave ilnoky London for Marlowe Hall. : It is an imposing old ?pile, on the sea ibast of Lincolnshire, and tho young souple reach the station, and get their-first glimpse of the gray turrets in the wane of1 t winter day. ' See,. Isabel, little wife, yonder is . four futuro home,' cries Arthur 'ox jitodly, pointing ncross tho yellow downs; '! and here comes the carriage to take us there. How good my people are. Iaabol, littlo one, you roust love them very dearly for my sake.!' ' His_ handsome: eyes actually fill with tears in liia relief and gratitude. He is romantically in love with his pretty child wife ; but it would hurt him koenly to be scorned and cast off by his family and beg gared of all his splendid heritage even for her sake. . Isabel looks at the stately turrets arid ivied walls glowing' ini' tho yollow light, and a littlo thrill of terror' and misgiving stirs her heart. 'I shall love them; Arthur, if they'll only let mo, 'she faltered, adding, with an upturned glance ! of her sweet eyes, ' but will they? Doyouthihk they 11 be sure to like me, Arthur ?' j Ho would like to take the pretty child's face in his hands and cover it with kisses, but there are loungers in and around the Btation, hence he refrains,and answers with tender ardor : 'I do not. think so-^-I foiow so. No ono on earth could help liking you, my precious littlo wife I- Have no foara, you shall he the happiest 'arid grandest little lady in-old England.' t Her face flushes rosy red with joy, and her heart.dauces in hor bosom. Oh, how much better this is,' sh*' thinks, ' than marrying Ambrose,' and living in that horrid Highland hut all mj life.' ,'f Hero you .. are, , . Hastings,' ? , criei Arthur, addressing a -liveried coachman. ' All well at the Hall, of course ?' 'Allwoll, Mr. Arthur. The coachman doffs his gold-laced hat ; the splendid carriago, all a-glitter with the Marlowe arms, rojls up ; the high stepping bays aro reinod in. aid'littlo Isa bel, who has trod tho brown heather all her life, is lifted' by Arthur's caressing arms, and seated on tha silken cushions. Thon'they whirl away, just as the'red winter sun drops out of sight. To it contimci ? ?? ' Ono swallow does not make a summer,' but it may have occurred to yon that one grasshopper makes more than a dozen UliMPk . 