WEDDING RING LORE. LEGEND AND FACT. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") Wedding rings are always interesting, and yet there is no apparent reason for it. A little golden, circle, with neither jewel nor workmanship, yet the sight and touch of it make men and women feel more than many greater, finer, more wonderful things. This symbol of eternity means, as an old writer says, that mutual love and affection should roundly flow from one to the other, as in a circle, and that continually and for ever. Herrick thus versifies this Idea : Close tho' lt be The joint is free; So, when Love's yoke is on It must not gall Or fret at all With hard oppression. But it must play Still either way, And be, too, such a yoko As not too wide To oversllde Or be so straight to choke. And as this round Is nowhere found To flaw, or else to sever, So let our love . As endless prove, And pure as gold for ever. So, many writers have glorified the plain circle of gold, and Its associations have an intense interest which even modern times iconoclasts cannot dissever from it. Nothing is so eloquent as a wedding ring, whether lt be found on the finger of a drowned girl, among the clothes of a forsaken child, on the hand of an old lady, in a treasure box, In a tomb, near a man's heart, or anywhere but piled in heaps on the tray of a jeweller's shop. Dr. Johnson's reverence for a memory ls pathetic, yet strong. On March 28, 1753, he writes: -"I kept this day as the anniversary of Letty's death, with prayers and tears In the morning. In the evening I prayed for her condi- tionally, if it was lawful." He kept his wedding ring in a small box, with a paper inscribed, "Eheu! Eli/.. Johnson, nupta July 9, 1736; mortua, eheu! Mart 17, 1752." There was a time, some hundreds of years ago, when rush rings were used in France and Eng- land for marriages which -were built on very shaky jpround. Did women used to say "'Twas a good world when such simplicitie was used, when a ring of rush would tye ns much love together as a gimmon of gold." History repeats Itself. Substitutes for wedding rings have been-a piece of kid glove, the church key, a handle of a scissors, a piece of string, a bed curtain ring, a china eui) handle, &c.; When Princess Mary, daughter of Henry VIII., was betrothed to the Dau pïsiu of France, he was nine months, she was two years oki. Perhaps thc smallest wedding ring in the world nppeared, when Wolsey passed a gold ring, will: a valuable diamond, over the diminutive lady's finger. During the Commonwealth rings were abol- ished during weddings, and hero are some curious lines from "I-Judibras:" Others were for abolishing That tool of matrimony, a ring With which the unsanetllled bridegroom Is married only to a thumb. The bride to nothing but her will, That nulls the after-marriage still.1 Women used to wenr this ring on the thumb. Itea sons given for wearing it on the fourth finger are mn ni fold. In ancient days the bridegroom repeated ""in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" at each (Inger, leaving the ring on the fourth (Inger, with the word "Amen." lt was believed that the fourth (inger was nearest th« heart-but tho pretty myth has faded in the glare of scientific knowledge. .Reasons given for wearing It on the left hand are ?"31 nt Hie wife ls tho lesser light, and must depend on thc man, so an early reform towards woman's oman cipation is to change the ring to the right hand. The best reasons given Tor wearing the ring on the fourth finger are these: It ls more convenient, it is an old custom, lt has tho peculiarity of hoing unable to stretch out without an accompanying finger, thus saving the ring from bruises. There is a curious little note about Leybard, thc Saint of Tours, who, being persuaded In his youth to marry, gave his betrothed a ring, a kiss, and a pair of shoes-the last being a sign of his great subjection to her, and to bind his feet, the ring binding his hands, In tho sixteenth century plain gold rings wore given away by the score at wedding feasts, and one "sober philosopher" gave away at a maidservant's wedding gold wire rings to the value of £1000, When Queen Victoria was married a design, not a quarter of an inch In diame- ter, was made, showing a fine profile of her head, and distributed to distinguished people. Among the alleged origins of rings, wedding and be- trothal, this is'one of the pleasantest to believe: "The reason why a ring was pitched upon for a pledge rather than« anything oise was because anciently the ring was a seal, by which all orders were signed, and things of value secured, and therefore tho delivery of lt was a sign that the person to whom it was given was admitted Into the highest friendship and trust. Therefore, Its use as a wedding ring." The ring was used among Christians In SCO. Ancient rings were of iron, a symbol of strength, but gold symbo- lises strength even more perfectly. With the bridal ring formerly were delivered the keys of the house, the husband saying, "I formerly gave to thee the ring of union, 1 now give to thee the ring of temperance to aid thee in the seemly custody of my house." a ce- remony that we have not done well to drop, as it re- minds women of their side of the marriage contract. Borne Roman rings have keys attached to them, and Were probably private casket keys. This was not an altogether comfortable or ornamental fashion but it saved a good deal of worry over mislaid keys. As to the giving up of presents, and engagement rings, an an- cient writer said, "By the civil law, whatsoever is given betwixt them that are promised in marriage hath a condition (for the most part silent) that it may be had again If marriage ensue not, but if the man should have had a kiss for his money, he should lose one half of that which he gave. Yet with the woman it ls otherwise, for, kissing, or not kissing, whatsoever she gave, she may ask ami have it again." As a rule, a woman gives things that only masculine taste could wish to have, so that there is compara- tively little chance of her requesting back half-worn belts, caps, neckties, knitted socks, worked braces, pipes, ash-trays, slippers, tidies, shaving cloths, or cushions! With women it is otherwise, they receive presents that lose but little value from wearing, and form nice presents for the fresh girl who has cap- tivated a man's fickle fancy. In Iceland the ring is most important, and was va- riously formed of bone, jet, stone, gold and silver. Sometimes it was so large as to allow the palm of the hand to go through, and In a betrothal the man passes his four fingers and palm through one of these rings, and so receives the woman's hand. In the old form of marriage In the Orkneys the couple joined hands through a perforation or ring In a stone pil- lar. An old custom, not entirely dead, is that of sever- ing a ring, and each party keeping half. Long ago this was practised as a proof of good faith, for if from time to time, or on the marriage day the two pieces fitted, it was proven they had not been trans- ferred; if there was a serious misfit, the engage- ment, was annulled. The diamond has been a. favor- ite for setting in betrothal rings from its alleged power to maintain harmony between man and wife. Rings have always been associated with religion, whether Christian or pagan matters not, and orna- ment has been their secondary consideration, their symbolic nature raising them above mere decorative finery. In Spain the gift of a ring is a promise of marriage, and is considered sufficient proof for a maiden to claim her husband. In an account of curious rings, there is this-"The joint ring parts into three hoops, secured on a pivot, the toothed edge of the central hoop forming an orna- mental centre to the hoop of the ring, and having two hearts in the middle; a hand is affixed to the side of the upper and lower hoop; tho fingers slight- ly raised, so that when the hoops are brought to- gether thoy link in each other, and close over the hearts, securing all firmly"-surely a quaint device. Mr. Croker, speaking of the use iL ivas probably put to, says: "This ring was probably used at a German betrothal, at which, over the Holy Bible, placed before a wit- ness, the man and woman broke away the upper ami lower rings from the centre one, which waa held hy the witness. When the parties married, the rings were returned to the witness, and became one again." In Galway there is a fisher community, who pass down the wedding ring as a heirloom from mother to daughter, the first married receiving the precious pledge. A quotation, from a poem printed in -Dublin in 1801, fittingly ends this attempt to revive traditions anent the ring which ls easy to put on, and often, so hard to take off, that some people fail to appreciate its useful office, while others say "lt ls so old-fashioned, let lt go." Those who think will find that other fashions more injurious might better go first. The electric light in tho lighthouse at St. Cathe- rine's Point, Isle of Wight, has a power of 7,000,000 candles. Down to the depth of 200 fathoms, where daylight appears, the eyes of a fish get bigger and bigger. Beyond that depth small-eyed forms set in, with long feelers developed to supplement the eyes. 