CUBRBKT TOPICS, The demand of Mr. Turner tliat the Federal elections should be held In Feb ruary .will have the support of the whole public opinion of Australia. Mr. Reid thinks the time too early, and the matter rests at that, the New South Wales Premier disdaining to give any reason for his opinion, and in the curt- ness of his message emulating the ex ample of the late Sir Henry Parlces, who, in dealing with other Premiers, constantly mistook discourtesy for. a manifestation of dignity ' and power." If the elections are not held in February or early in March it is obvious that the convention cannot meet at ' all next year,' as It will clash with one or other, If not all, of the provincial Parliaments, and hitherto the various Parliaments have shown a very reasonable disin clination to allow their, own proper work to lie oyer in order to consider the federal question. If Mr. Held is sincere in his professions of new-born regard for Australian union he has his opportunity. The machinery for the election of the new, and, we hope, final convention Is now practically com plete. At any rate, there is absolutely nothing to prevent the elections taking place In Febrilary or March, excepting the wilfulness of Mr. Reirl. If he in the guise of frlendshipcauselessly postpones the convention when all is ready for It he will be Inevitably called to a stern account. It Is not enough for him to say that February or March will be too early. He must give solid reasons for his dictum, or be branded as a trlfler on the greatest of Australian questions. The Minister for Works affects to be lieve that the Ministry has still the sup port of the majority of the people, and it may be that Mr. Young Is sincere In his protestations. Nevertheless, the handwriting Is on the wall for him to read. All over the country tho rising waves of popular hostility to the Reid Government and all its works and pomps are gathering In height and power. Wherever, in the country, a protectionist demonstration lias been hpld within recent months the con- donuf+JOD /& tJjeJiniBtry has been ge- neral, outspoken and unmistakable. All along tho South Coast, and, Mr. Young would do well to remember, all along the North Coast, and even at such a strong free-trade centre as Gosford, the conversion of the people to protec tion has been made manifest. Of course, a Minister on tour Is always well received, partly from popular cour tesy, ar.d partly because the people hope to find a bridge or a railway in his pocket, but the reception given to mem bers of the Reid Administration of late has lost all touch of the quality of en thusiasm by which a Government's popularity can alone be measured. Mr. Reid himself proposes a campaign in the recess, and will then have personal evidence of the estimate in which the people hold him.. The coldness of the reception accorded him <pn his last tour will fie Intensified, for the country has bitter occasion to regard him "hs. a! foe to Its interests. In the towns one looks in vain for his old phalanx of barrack ing backers, who have melted away like "last year's snow." Before Mr. Reid enters upon his country tour why not test the feeling of his own consti tuency by that long-deferred meeting In the King Division which he has been challenged to hold ' so often? The country Is dead against him; is the city Itself yet with him? Evidently Mr. Reid fears It Is not. - 1 After, the last election the country was cordially congratulated by. the free- trade press on the fact that "the fiscal 1 'question" was settled. But evidently Its ghost; takes a, lot of laying, for, in one or other of the metropolitan papers, a leading' article appears almost every day upon this identical "settled" fiscal question. Not only leading articles, but "side' articles" are rife in which "special correspondents" ' dilate on fls- calism, and accumulate statistics to prove "the; disastrous effects of pro tection," like the excited individual of whom It is written that, "thrice he slew the. slain,/' If protection, or rather the "fiscal question," is dead, why not let it rest, instead of dragging its corpse from the grave, and stabbing It with sta tistics? The truth is that the free- trade press are now very fully con vinced that protection is not dead, and not even asleep, and so it devolves upon them to fight the. old battle over again this time as a forlorn hope. So the fight goes on, and the same old weapons of misrepresentation and fallacy are fur bished by leader writers and "special correspondents" alike. One of the lat ter Informed the public on Saturday that "Queensland . had -followed . suit .(to New South Wales) , by the. abolition of a great number of protec tive duties," This is, of course, a bare faced misrepresentation. Queensland took off some duties which did not pro tect solely ill- order' to benefit those na tive Industries whieh she protects with all the efficacy of the Customs Hoi.sc. If Queensland had done as stated, the specific protective duties abolished would- have been quoted. When they are vaguely alluded to as "a great num ber" nobody Is deceived. Further, this special correspondent gushingly de clares that "indications are accumulat ing which point to the early downfall of the Chinese wall with which "Vic toria has surrounded her narrow terri tory.", Where are these "indications?" But what could be expected; of a contro versialist who holds that It takes the same labour to produce £100 worth of wool as to produce £100 worth of manu factured goods from that wool. The chief indictment against free-trade is that it ties this country down to a few primitive industries requiring unskilled labour - only, and not much of that, while manufacturers amass millions, and thousands of workers earn a live lihood in the old world by working up our crude' products. We are hewers, of Wood and drawers of water, hinds and serfs, bond enslaved to the . manufac turers , of Europe. As for the. theory that we pay for our Imports by our ex ports of: goods, that Is belled, we re peat, by the fact that within a month close on £1,000,000 . in gold coin, has gone to America to pay for our pur chases there, our exports to America being restricted to a few cargoes of coal and a few hundred bales of wool. .. _ — ___$ — The situation in Europe still remains dangerously ' complicated. The Powers are determined not to allow England to. pulverise Turkey, while public opinion In Great Britain, largely reinforced by Mr. Gladstone's recent marvellous deli verance, still presses the Salisbury Go vernment on to action. A new,, and per haps decisive, turn may be given to the situation by the arrival of the American fleet, which 1b almost due in the Medi terranean. Backe'd up as he Is by the powers of Continental Europe, the Sul tan will be very little disposed to grant that reparation which the American fleet is empowered to demand. On the other hand the United States Govern ment will stand no nonsense, and it may be that the jealousy of the Powers will allow America to do what Eng land and Russia are prevented from acconrpllshing. This would be a wbiecffne 'fiolution 'of the situation,' and' the certain developments following the arrival of the U.S. fleet will be awaited with interest. One effect of this Turkish quarrel is to emphasise the dan gerous isolation in which Great Britain stands to-day. Every European power Is estranged from -her, and she has never stood In such international loneliness in her history. All through the century England could count on allies, but to day she is beset by general hostility as complete as that which drew a cordon of fire about the frontiers of France in the latter days of Napoleon. The isolation of. France was a natural outcome of Napoleon's madness, but there Is no such obvious cause for the diplomatic set made against Great Britain. 