LOCAL AND GENERAL. Yoluxt.uiy SEQUEsTUATtox.— William Cow ard, of Borry. Mr, N. F. aihliu, offlicial oesignoo. Adbuess OS Protectiox.— Alderman Davis, of tho Woollahra Council, and a mombor of tho Metropolitan Wntor and Soworape Board, gavo nn adaross in tho Tomerong Ilall on Wodnos day night on '* Protection.' Alderman X)avi9, is might ho tnontiouod, is a prospoctivo - caudi date for Shonlhavonat tho noxt. .alration. At least this is what a mombor of tho local Protoc tiouist Ansooiation told w tho other day. Ho woh invited to come to Nowra and dolivor an address no that tho mombors might judgo of his ' mottle.' What impression tho prospective candidate mado wo havo not henrd. Conceuning Ghosts.— As a littlo party,; consisting of tho Mayor, Aldnrman Hymn, Aidormnn Crawford, tho Council Clork, and a roportor, sat in tho Council Work's room at tho School of Arts on Monday ' night prior to tho ordinary inootiuK of tho Council, tho finding of umnn lomains at nawrn Jim tormon the possible theory ,f or tho fiirl'a dipuppoaranco was put forwanl, and tbo theory of foul play was Bought to bo strengthened by the fact that somebody had told souiobodyelacthatsomobody had been soon by somobodv noar somobody's bridge costumed iu tho garb' of niiiht, anil that thn bridgo had ovor sinco boon known as tho ,' Haunted Bridgo.' ' Yes ',,aai.l ono alder man, ' thoro could, frof|Uontlybo Hcon a whito objoet at tbo Hauntod Bridge; in fact some blacks who usod to livo about tho place many yenrs ago had said, 'You find tho girl up the klook somo day,' which statotnont causod anotbor aldorman to roinark thnt tho gonorally accepted thoory of tho girl's disappearance was wrong— thut sbo mot hor death at tho hands of blnoks. JClion tho conversation turned on ?' Fisher's Ghost,' which as most people aro who saw tho murdor committed, oud who in voatod the story that I'ishor'a body might bo ' Well,' said Aldorman Hyam, ' 1° romembor au lucidout in my Iifo which occurrod at Dama rang 38 yonraago, ami which I don't think I shall ovor forgot. I lay awiko ono ni^bt, when all around was profound silunco, and tho gloom was brokon only by tho silvery bourns of tho rising moon as they flooded thn sleeping chamber. Boforo mo, and alongside my bod, thero suddenly appeared tho apparition of a big, stalwart man. If X woro an artist I could draw to-night ovory gnrtnont in which ho was clotbod 38 years ago. I remember this thing ub if it had hap pened to-night. Thoro it stood -tho form of a ing over his head and well down on to his. cars a larce Panama hat. Did I move — did I sneak ? No— I bocamo onvolopod in a flood of porspira tion— I was spoochloss. Hut in that momontof And I lookod at it, and it looked at mo, aud thon it fadod away into nothingiioss, aud I turned over and slept. How do X account for it? X can't say. I don't boliovo in thoso things, but X saw this, and I can only think now as X thoughttthon, that if thoro aro such things as ghosts, that this was tho ghost of .one of two Bamarangashott time boforo.' [Whilothis ghost loro is still fresh in tho public mind wo shall cap Mr. Hyam's with tho truo vorsion of Rshor'n ghost noxt and following week. Ed -S.T.' A Bio Yield.— Mr. John Morrow, of Cam bowarra, sout the milk of bis Jersey cow to tho to havo it tostod by tho.monagor, Mr. C. G. Sinclair, with tho result that tho magnificent tost of 7*1 was recordod. Tho cow has not boon milking long and gives about half a gallon each milking. This is hotter far than a cow giving a gallon each milking; with a tost of 3'5. Nowra Cricket Club.— Tho genoral moot ing of members of tho Nowra Cricket Club was held in Groon's Hall on Thursday night, Mr. H. D. M'Lolland presiding. . The secretary's nnd ing tho season 1895-0 18 matches woro played, of which 10 woro won, 7 lost, and .1 drawn. Tho oloaring all liabilities for lust Boason M?. ¥. ITapgood secured Mr. M'Lolland's trophy (bat) for best hotting, avorago ; avorago, 20 7. Mr. M'Dougall's trophy (bat) was won by Mr. \V. Griffiths for host bowling avorago! avorago, 7*-l. Mr. J. Graham, iuu., aunoxed tho trophy awardod throuch Mr. Wosthrook for bost bat ll?7 ^bowling, s'-4. 'iffionowing olricors woro MO/ollond; president' Mr. W. P. Blaokmoroj vice-presidents. Messrs. H. W. Vynor, T. R. Peak, Hov. J. Gunning. Itov. E. Owen, A. W. Kingsmill, W. Wostbrook, J. Klino, K. T. Thorburn. C. Watson, W. M'Dougnlt; secretary, treasurer and Association 'lolojuto. Mr. M. Ityanj committee Jleaara. Hapgooil, Griffiths, Hamilton, Thornton, and Marks ; selection coinmittco, Mossrs. Hapgnod, OrifHths, ond Hvan. At tho conclusion of businoss Hr. ?Watson, on behalf of tho Nowra Club, prosontod Mr. M'Lolland with a trophy iu recognition of Tho trophy consisted of a ball, suitably inscribed' on' silvor plato, Ptiolosbd in a small glass globe cupsbapo. ' Mr. M'Lolland. feelingly rospondod to tho proabntatiou. ' ''' ? ' S' Holloway's PiLL3?^NoPrvou6 Irritability.— for upon it our boalth— ond ovon Iifo— ^ spends. ThoEo Pills'strongthon thp^norves 'and are the purifiers of tbo bloocf, .Nausea, hoadacho, giddiness numbness a|rfi mental upathy yield to didtrossing (ly^peptio symptbmB. stomachic pains, fuln oss at' tbe pit' of' tho stomach abdominal distonsion, and rogulato'nlike ciipricious appetites and confined bowels — tho commonly accom punyinu signs of defoctivo or diminished norvo tono. Holloway's Pills aro particularly rocom raoudod to porsons of studious find sodontarl* habits, who gradually fall into a nervous and irrttablo stato, unless &omo; such restorativo be occasionally takori.— Adv. ? ? ?' ? 