CHAPTER XIX. Tho Strenger. ' The little procession,. re-formed and com menced the descent, . Jim Doore and' the stranger leading tho way, thc others close be hind. . -, Once Bill Simpson, Jim's partner, managed to edge himself into ,the front line, for a minute, and drew the latter a little on one side. "Dost a' know who 'un be, Jim?'' he whis-1 pered. ; "I ' a' gotten some idea," Jim replied in a mysterious manner. "Keep a civil tongue in tba head, mon, and bid the others." They had reached , the little strip of beach,¿ and were slowly making their way under the shelter, of the cliff to tlie cottages. High up iu front of them shone the two glimmering lights from thc castle. The stranger looked" at them curioiisly. . -, "What lights are those?" he asked, pointings upward. ? Jim Doore's eyes followed his gesture, and he crossed himself again., , . ; "From Olanavon Castle, yer .'onor," . he an swered. . . . "They seem a long way apart," remarked the other, looking up at them with interest. ? !'Ah!" . Again the clouds had parted, and a brilliant flood of moonlight streamed down upon the wild little scene, glistening across the waste . of tossing waters, and throwing strange sha dows upon tlie towering cliffs. But the most striking object of all was the castle; and the stranger stood with his eyes fixed upon it, . scarcely caring to cast a single glance at the remainder of the panorama. High up above them tlie gloomy pile, Avith its frowning ram parts, its ruined towers, and its massive keep, stood out boldly, the magnificence'of its situa tion heightened by the weirdness. of the light, the hour, and thc storm. Midway down the flagstaff" the remains of the flag, tattered and torn alniost into strips by the gale, were' still streaming in the wind, floating against a background of light oily-looking clouds which hovered over the castle, and against which every .tear and almost the very pattern was distinguishable. It was a fine sight, although a gloomy one. Jim Doore looked steadfastly at the two lights, and then, turning round, pointed them out silently to his companions. There was a little murmur of superstitious awe, and each man crossed himself. The stranger looked on in surprise. "Why do you do that?" he asked curiously. "Reason enoo, yer 'onor," Jim answered slowly, and dropping his voice to an impres sive pitch. "Dost a' see yonder loight, the fur un oct theer in the tower?" "Yes! ... What of it?" Jim shook his head. "'Tis no flesh and blood that boides theer, or that kindled that loight." The stranger smiled the easy, sceptical smile of the sturdy materialist, to whom such statements seem only the Aveak superstitions of au ignorant, uneducated peasantry. He said nothing, but that smile was chough. The whole of the little body of men were up in arms. Their castle ghost was a familiar idea to all of them. There was not one of them Avho did not firmly believe in its existence. For a stranger lo come among them and af fect incredulity appeared to them very much in the light of a discourtesy, which each one was prompt to resent. The young man checked them, however, by holding up his hand. "Look here!" he protested. "You shall tell me all about your ghost when we get inside. I'm wet through to the skin, and eold as well. Push on, my Avorthy guide, and let us get be neath this roof of yours." , "Roight, roight, sor," was the good-humor ed answer. "We bean't so fur, neither." They turned a corner of Hie cliff, and the little cluster of cottages nestling close up to its side lay right before them. From the AA'indOAV of Jim Doore's abode there shone a pleasant, Avar m light, reflected from the roar ing fire Avhich his Avife had been making up in anticipation of a visitor. The stranger saw it and quickened his pace. "By Jove!" he exclaimed, "if that isn't tho pleasantest sight I've seen to- day. Is this your house?" Jim pushed open the door with his foot, and ushered in his guest Avith a rough gesture, Avhich AA'as meant for a welcome. , ' "Doan't 'ec stan' out noa longer in this cold, yer 'onor," he said. "Coom thee; in, by t' foire, and my missus shall find 'ec. some dra cloathes. Get thee by t' foire. Missus! Missus! We a' found '5m-'twas .a gentle mon as a', lost his Avay t' the castle. Coom thee and bring ma' Sunday cloathes. Why, dang it, lass, what is ta staring at?" During the first part of this speech Jim had been busy stirring up the fire and otherwise . arranging for the comfort of his guest, Avhose clothes Avere steaming in the Avarin' blaze. But towards its -completion, somewhat sur prised at the : non-appearauce of his better half, he had turned toAvard thc door and had received something of a shock.. Standing on the threshold ; Avas his Avife. Avith her eyes steadfastly fixed upon the stranger, and her hands raised to her temples. There Avas an expression in her face which, during his many years of Avodded life, Jim Doore nad seen no thing of before. Her cheeks Avere. colorless, her dark eyes AA'ere full of horror,, and her Avhole attitude AA'as that of a Avoman para lysed by the sudden appearance of an un looked-for danger. The young man at the fireside, unconscious of her scrutiny, leaned forward toward the blaze, which shone full lipon his handsome face, and appeared to be making himself decidedly comfortable. She made no answer to her husband's im patient question. She stood there quite still, lier lips trembling a little and her eyes still fixed upon the face which was.glowing in the . ruddy firelight. Her husband repeated his impatient question, and the stranger turned carelessly round in his seat, as though mildly wondering what had provoked it. His move ment seemed to effect what her husband's words had failed to do. She moved slowly forward into the middle of the room, and her face resumed its usual expression, save for a slight shade of pallor. . "They're down here in the corner, Jim. . I thought as they might bo wanted. Would this gentleman like anything, to eat?" she add- ?? ed, hesitatingly. "Anything to eat?" he repeated, turning a. good-humored, smiling face upon her. "My good woman; there is only one word which would explain my condition at the present moment. I'm starving-^literally starving! Forgive the question, but what have you got in the house?" , , . "Not much, that's fit for :. you, sir, I'm afraid," she answered, quietly. "There's a bit o' bacon, and some fish-the fish is fresh and good, if you like it, sir-and I could get you some tea." :\ "I should think I clo like fish!" he answered her. "Let me have some, by'all means, and some tea; and I'll try the bacon, too. ' What ii lucky thing for me you heard that shout, my good follow! Now, where can I get into these things?" "Here, shy by the fire. Jim'll come with mo into tho back room. I've got a fire there, sir; and your supper won't be long." She turned away and her husband followed her. Presently she returned with a clean white cloth on her arni and commenced mak ing preparations for the meal. Her guest had attired himself in the clothes which she had provided, and, overcome by the pleasant warmth after his long exposure to the wet and cold, had sunk down in his chair and . was dozing. Once or twice she glanced across to him, and then seeing that he was really asleep she moved softly over to his side and looked down into his face. In her husband's rough clothes his fair boyish face looked all Hie handsomer by reason .of the contrast, and as she looked into it she "felt a lump come into her throat, and her heart heat fast. Again there came that sensation of fear. Why had ho come? What was thé meaning of it? If only she dared ask him! Her husband's heavy footsteps outside warned her of his approach, and she retreated .to the table, still holding her hand to her side as though in pain. Presently he entered bearing in his hand a smoking dish and a kettle from which the steam was issuing in a little cloud. Tho tea was soon made, and when all was in readiness they awakened their guest. He sprang to his feet at once, and drew up his chair to the table wi th alacrity. "I've actually been dozing, have I?" lie ex claimed. "I should have thought that hun ger would have kept me awake. Mrs. Doore," he continued, "your fish is excellent. I never tasted better." "I'm glad you like it, sir," she answered. "It's about the only thing we have fit to offei you." "And the tea is delicious," he.added, setting down his cup. "I feel a different man al ready." Once or twice during the meal the door was softly opened, and some one would put a head in and retreat with an awkward apolo gy. . At first the stranger seemed puzzled but before long thc truth began to dawn up on him. "Mrs. Doore, is this an inn?" he asked. "It be, sir. Surely." "And those men want to come in, of course Let them in at once, Mrs. Doore. I insls upon it." "Won't they annoy you, sir?" she askec doubtfully. "They're but rough sort o' chap; like, and-" "Not another word, Mrs. Doore, but le them come in. I should be sorry to monopo lise the whole room." She moved to the door and called to them One by one they came in and seated them selyes around the wide fireplace, each makinj some sort of clumsy salutation to the strange, as they entered. "My good men," ho said pleasantly, whei they had all entered, "I am much obliged ti all of you for coming to look for me. Fi] up your glasses, and remember," he a il dec turning tb Jim Doore, "whatever is drunk lc night is drunk at my expense." There was a murmur of thanks and genera brightening up in the little circle. In a fe\ minutes the stranger had finished his mea and, drawing his chair after him, joined th circle.- From the pocket of his coat, wine was stretched out before the fire, he drew on a morocco case and lit a cigar. Thci .stretching himself out in his chair, he turne to the landlord. "Now, Mr. Doore," ho said, "I'm ready t hear all about that mysterious light up in th castle and all about the ghost. Fire away." 