KATE CARNEGIE." By IAN MACLAREN. CHAPTER V. Concerning Besoms. \- It is one of the miseries of modern life, for which telephones are lees than compensation, that ninety out of a hunted tired city folk have never known- the comfort and satisfaction of dwelling in a house. When the sashes are flying away from the windows and the skirting boards- from the floor, and the planks below your feet are a finger breadth apart, and the pipes are death-traps, it does not matter that the walls are covered by art papers and plastered over with china dishes. This erection, wherein human beings have to live and work, and light their sins and prepare for eternity, is a fraud and a Ho. ' No man compelled to exist in such an en vironment of unreality can respect himself or other people; and if it come to pass that he holds cheap views of life and reads smart papers, and does sharp things in business, and that his talk be only a clever single, then a plea in ex- tenuation will be lodged for him at the Great Assize. Small wonder that he comes to regard the world of men as an empty show and is full of cynicism, who has shifted at brief intervals from one shanty to another and never had a fit dwelling-place all his years. When a prophet cometh from the Eternal to speak unto modern times as Dante did unto the Middle Ages, and constructs the other world before our eyes," he will have one circle in his head for the builders of rotten houses, and doubtless it will be a collection of their own works, so that their sin will be its punishment, as is most fitting and the way of things. Surely there will also be some corner of heaven kept for the man who, having received a charge to build the shell wherein two people were to make a home, laid. Its foundations deep and raised strong walls that nothing but gunpowder could read in pieces, and roofed it over with oaken timber and lined it with the same, so that many generations might live therein In peace and honour. Such a house was the Lodge in those days, although at last beginning to show signs of decay, and It somehow stirred up the heroic spirit of the former time within a man to sit before the big fire in the hall, with grim Carnegies looking down from the walls and daring you to do any meanness, while the light blazing out from a log was flung back from a sword that had been drawn in the '15. One was unconsciously reinforced in the secret place of his manhood, and inwardly convinced that what concerned every man is not whether he fail or succeed, but that he do his duty according to the light which may have been given him until he die. It was also a regeneration of the soul to awake in a room of the eastern tower, where the Carnegie s guests slept, and fling up the whitlow, with its small square panes, to fill one's lungs with the smell northern air, and look down on the woods glistening in every leaf, and the silver Tochty just touched by the full risen sun. Miracles have been wrought in that tower, for it happened once that an Edinburgh advocate came to stay at the Lodge, who spoke after a quite marvellous fashion, known neither in England nor Scotland and being himselF of pure bourgeois blood, the fifth son of a factor, felt it necessary to despise his land, from its kirk downwards, and had a collection of papers at Scottish way. 3, while in his provincial simplicity he offered to the Car- negie. It seemed to him certain that people of' Jacobite Mood and many travels would have relished his clever 'talk, of jr it is not given to a national decadent to understand eltaei-Uhe people he has deserted or the ancient troups o't Whose door he stands. Carnegie was the dullest man living in the matter of sneezing, and Kate took an instant dis- like to the mincing little man, whom she ever afterwards called the Popinjay, and so handled him with her tongue that his superiority was mightily shaken. But there was good stuff in the advocate, besides some brains, and after a week's living in the Lodge, he forgot to swear his eye-glass, and let his r's out of captivity, and attempted to make love to Ka'te, which foolish- ness that masterful damsel brought to speedy confusion. It was also said that when he went back to the Parliament House, everyone could understand what he said, and Mat he got two briefs In one week, Which shows how good it is to live in an ancient house with honest people.. Is there a ghost, dad ?" They were sitting before the fire in the hall after dinner Kate In her favourite posture, leaning forward and nursing her knee. The veterans and I thought that she always looked at her best so, with her fine eyes fixed on the fire, and the light bringing Tier face into relief against the shadow. We saw her feet then one lifted a little from the ground- and V. C. declared they were the smallest you could find for a woman of her size. " She knows it, too," he used to say, " for when a woman has 'big feet she (always keeps tPiem tucked in below her gown. A woman with an eight-size glove and feet to correspond Is usual in paragon of modesty, and strong on woman's rights." " Kate's glove is number 6, and I think it's a size too tells," broke in the Colonel we were, all lying in the sun on a bank below the 'Breeches at the time, and the Colonel was understood to be preparing a sermon for some meet- ing-" but it's a strong little hand, and * Copyright, 1896, by John Watson, in the United States of America, u a Steady ; she used to be able to strike a shilling in the air at revolver practice." , " Ghost, lassie. Oh, in the Lodge, a' Carnegie ghost-not one I've ever heard of ; so you may sleep in peace, and I'm below if you feel lonely the first night." " You are most insulting ; one would think I were a milksop. I was hoping for a ghost-a white lady by choice. Did no Carnegie murder his wife, for instance, through jealousy or quarrelling ?" " The Carnegies have never quar- relled," said the General, with much simplicity ; " you see the men have generally been away fighting, and the women had never time to weary of them." " No woman ever wearies of a man unless he be a fool and gives in to her then she grows flick of him. Life might be wholesome, but it would have no smack ; it would be like meat without mustard. If a. man cannot rule, he ought not to marry for his wife will play the fool in some fashion or other, like a runaway horse, and, he has half the blame. Why did he take the box seat ?" and Cattle nodded to the -fire. "What -are you laughing at?,'.' -v -"Perhaps I ought to be-shocked;^bnt the thought i of anyone trying-'" to rule: you, JCit.i'tickles me immensely it DhaVe had the reins since you were affairs and you have been a handful: You were a match it" at 6 years old, and a ' trimming' at 12, "and you are qualifying for the highest rank in your class." "What may that be, pray ? it seems to me that the "Scottish tongue is a perfect treasure-house for impertinent people. How Scots must congratulate themselves that they need never be of a-loss when they are angry or even simply Bank." of - . -i. . "If it comes to downright swearing, you must go to Gaelic," said the General, branching off. " Donald used to be quite contemptuous of any slight efforts at profanity. In the barrack-yard, although they sickened me. . '.' '-Toots, Colonel r ye do not need to be troubling yourself with such poor little words, for they are just nothing at all, and yet the bodies will be saying them over and over 'again'.likeopl¿rr<yt¥." ' Now a Lochaber man c'tíifla'^hht'i been saying what he was Writiïïng for fifteen minutes, and never half used the same word twice, unless he had been forgetting his Gaelic. It's a beautiful language, the Gaelic, when you will not" be very well pleased with a man." " That is very good, dad, but I think we were speaking in Scotch, and you have not told me that nice complimentary title I am living to deserve. Is' 'catty' the disreputable word? for I think I've passed that rank already ; it sounds quite familiar." "No, it's a far more fetching word I than ' catty,' or even- than ' randy' (scold), which you may have heard." " I have," replied Kate instantly, more than once, and especially after I had a difference in opinion with Lieutenant Strange. You called me one or two names then, dad-In fact, you were quite eloquent ; but you know that he was a bad fellow, And that the regiment was well rid of him but I'm older now, and I have not heard my promo- tion." " It's the most vigorous word that Scots have for a particular kind of woman." " Describe her," demanded Kate, " " One who has a mind of her own," began the General, carefully, and a way, too, who is not easily cowed or managed, who is not-" " A fool," suggested Kate. "Who is not conspicuously soil in manner," pursued the General, with discretion, " who might even have a temper." "Not a tame rabbit, in fact I understand what you are driving at, and. I know what a model must feel when she is being painted. And now kindly, pluck up courage and name the pic- ture." And Kate leant back, with her hand behind her head, challenging the General-if hesitated. "Well?" " Besom." And he was not at all ashamed, for a Scot never uses this word without a ring of fondness and admiration in his voice, as of one who gives the world to understand that he quite disapproves of this audacious woman, wife or daughter of his, but is proud of her all the time. It is, indeed,, a necessity of his nature for a poet to have husks of reproach containing kernels of compliment, so that he may let out his heart and yet preserve his character as an austere person, destitute of vanity and sentiment. " Accept your servant's thanks, my General. I am highly honoured." And Kate made a sweeping- curtsey, where- upon they both laughed merrily and a log blazing up suddenly, made an old Carnegie smile who had taken the field for Queen Mary, and was the very man to have delighted in a besom. (To be Continued on Tuesday.) A 