THE JANUARY MAGAZINES, . Final Notice/ Toe current number of tho Contemporary Review iu not up to tho avor.igo in interest. Tho first artiolc, Armenia : An Appeal, by Mr. K J. Dillon, is an hysterical production of tho Exeter Hall typo, of which unfortunately there have been coo many of recent dayn. There can he no doubt but that great cruelties have boon perpstrnted in Avmcnin, but the report of tbo joint commission proves that the Armenians woro frequently the aggressors, and that thoy are by no moana tho inoffensive lambs whioh euoh writers as Mr. Dillon protend Everyone is acquainted with ..tlio torrlblo oaso< which Mr. Dillon quotes, and aftor Lord Stills bury'rt utterances on tho subject, it is obvious that no good object can be gained by raising the hopes of tho Armenians to oontinua thoir rebel, lion. Of books and artiole upon Shakspoare thore soems to be no end, aud. tho latest contri bution of Mr. Jan Stefanson, ontitled Shake peare and Eleinore, Adds to their number. Mr. Stofanaon has disoovorod that thero was a room In the castlo of Kronbcrg, the watls of which wwe covered with tapestry containing portraits of thedifforent kings of Denmark. Hethereforo argues that Shakspeare probably accompanied some of the English troupes of actors to Den mark, and had in viaw these portraits when bo wrote the much disputed passage in Hamlet about the "counterfeit presentment" of two king. Other examples of intimate acquaint ance with Danish oustoms and Danish localities are cited in support of Mr. Stcfanson's hypo thesis, and Shakspearian virtuosos will no doubt find much comfort in a perusal of tho artiole. The hon. H. K. Howard gives a ohatty description of Five Weeks with tho Cuban Insurgents. Ho managed, it nppoars, to get through the ' Spanish lines near Santiago, a proooediog which ho decl&ros; to bo most difficult, but which, his narrativo sliows to be oxtremoly easy. IIq soems to have been much impressed with '.peaeral Antonio Maceo, whom ho dosoribi's as tho lending spirit of the whole revolt. "Ila ia - n tall, broad shouldered mulatto, with a reputation for reck less bravery and a. good knowledge of Cuban warfare, gained during the last insurrection." Cuba lias eieoted ft- Provisional Kepubllcan Government, with the Marquis' of Santa Lucia as President. Tho .pplicy of the insurgent leaders is to>r wear - tha Spanish out financially by prdveriting' all' harvesting of the sugar canc. Meantime the rebels do not require money, and as tlio Spanish army of occupation becomes '.daily more and more of a burden, Spain will iu timo bo unable and unwilling to bcAr It. Mr. Herbert Spenoer continues the publication of hjsProfesaionnl. In stitutions, treating of Architects in the present numbor. IIo shows that the origin of architec ture was primarily in the custom of constructing tombs for tho distinguished' 'dead, and that temples were subsequently built ns places of abodefor their ghosts, iu which thoymightbepro pitiated The very fact that thp Lrvtin Pontifex should derive his appellation from pons, a bridge, shows the early connection between 'architecture and priestcraft. Probably, too, the astonishment which the invention of tho arch, with its key stone, must have had upon nu. ignorant people partook of the supernatural. , Sir Edward Kussell, in Tho Liberal Now Year, discusises the present outlook of the Liberal party in England, and what its future will be. He thinks that the now year "should open aa bright as it oan be made by uushnken confi dence in tha principles which bavoboen declared, and the measures which havo been proposed 5 hy the visible suceoss of Sir "William Harcourt's finance ; by the probability of muoh embarrass ment on tho Ministerial side ; by. the hop® of assorting sound principles in economics and edu cation ; by a yearning de&jra; to re.soue Armenia," and several other misty aspirations. Headers delighting in transcondentAl discussions will find their , needs satisfied in Mr. M&llook;'s Physics and Sociology, nnd JIftdamo Gail- lard's Eolation of the Christian Reve lation to Experience and local religions subjeots aro treated in two other artioles The first artiolo in the National Review ia by Mr. Moreton Frewen, who some time ago visited us as tho apostle of bimstallism. He now writos on American politics, nnd "seeks to provo that tho recent defeat of. tho Democratic party was due to tho "corruption emanating from the White House aincol&92, And the gross abuse of Federal patronago " by President Gleve land. The latter, says Mr. Frowen, found a majority in his party opposed to him on the silver and tariff questions, and proceeded to. "squaro" them. The country, inoensod at thin conduot, rallied to the sup port of the Ropublioaa party, and defeated tho Democrats at tho polls last , November. It looks, howevor, as if Mr. Frewen were misled iu bis judginout hy his froc-trade propensities, for everything goes to provo that the country was disgusted by tho injurious offcots of . tlio attempted adoption of a froe-trudo policy, and sent the Republicans back to power with a man date to restore thu prohibitive polioy under whioh the United Stages has made suoh phenomenal progress.' Mr. Sidney Low, in Tho Armed PonceNew Style, alludee to the entiro change of frout of Kngliah public opinion In repnrd to the occupation of Gonstnntinoplo by tho Russians. He says that projects for the partition of Turkey are now tho common stock in trado of politioal writers, and that they arc received with an amount of acquiescence and approval which would have boon inconceivable only a few years ago, lie argues that Oohntan- tinoplo is no longer tho Koy to the East or the gate that shuts the west from Asia, .Ha add that the tendency of cvonts is to mako the competition between the nation a naval one, and tbat if tho Annod Ponco of tho future ia-.to he kept by ships ond not by armies,. it bohoven England to maintain her maritime supremacy. Mrs. FrnnclsDarwiu aniens British Housekeeping a Success f and givos r. good many reasons for believing that it is not. Sir. Hartley Withers, in A Plea for Variety in Taxation, inveighs against the injustice of the irioome tax,' nnd suggests various items whioli might be taxed with pro priety. . Gambling, whether in shares and pro duce or on horses,, should be mado to contribute to the rcvsnue'by a substantial liocuco fee levied upon stockbrokers and bookmakers. Articles that might fairly be taxed are bicycles, mineral waters, pianos, novels- and .cats,; Here is a suggestion for Mr- . Turner ; to moke bts balance square, and .no dpubt the civil service contains many gentlemen quite competent to see that tho oAt tax U levied -im< partially' upon the.mofib'.mvetqrato spinsters.' There are several other articles, 'and Mr.' Frede rick Greenwood contributes an interview with, tlie shade of Disraeli, in ' whioh/ that revenayit disappears after uttering tho ominous wonW, "Arm, Arm, Arm." Alacmitiarfs Magazine contains a number of interesting contributions, aproially one upon Millie. Jenny Dacquin, who diod "last March. Most readers have probably never heard of her by name, but it ia now known it was to her that Prosper Morimdo wrote his famous Lettres a uuo Incounuo, whioh, both from thoir literary oharm and in sight into politioal and social life in France, are perhaps the moat, valuablo epistolary work of the nineteenth century. 