GOSSIP FROM F0G0P0LIS. LONDON-, March 28. (From Oar London Correspondent.) The death of Judge Thomas Hughes, Q.C . which took place at Brighton last Sunday, will be generally regretted. He was the author of many works, but it will be by " Tom Brown's Schooldays " he will be best remembered, and whereevfer the English language is read there are those to whom the announcement will bring with it a sense of personal loss. Not perhaps a great man in any respectB, not brilliant or greatly gifted as brilliancy and gifts are ordinarily estimated, but a strong, capable, sturdy, honest man, who would certainly have taken more prominent rank but that he hated the pushing and scheming, the self-assertion and vulgar bidding for popularity by which prominence is so often gained. In view of the probability that the United States Senate will refer back the treaty to the Cr omission for the adjustment of the British claims against the United States seizures in Behring Sea, in order that changes may be made in it as suggested by Sir. Olney and the members of the Foreign Relations Committee, that committee met at Washington to hear Mr. Olney's replies to questions addressed to him concerning the treaty. It is believed that the amended treaty will provide that if any claims are made by the United States sealers against Great Britain, such claims may be considered by the Com- The Irish Nationalist party can number among its members representatives of some of the oldest and most historic families in the country. It has, however, of late years not been recruited from the ranks of the nobility. In 1874, when the Irish Parliamentary party was formed under the leadership of Mr. Butt, th6 first chairman, it had in its ranks no fewer than four sons or brothers of noblemen. Lord Robert Montagu, the brother of the Duke of Manchester, sat for Westmeath : Lord Francis Conyngham, a brother of the Marquess Conyngham was member for Clare; whileTipperary was represented by the Hon. Charles White, a brother of Lord Annaly. and by the Hon. W. F. O'Callaghan, a son of the Earl of Lismore. A. novel dodge was employed, says a Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, by an individual gifted with ventriloquial powers to avoid paying his hotel bill. For several nights the visitors at the hostelry in question had been disturbed by loud cries for help that emanated seemingly from a woman on the second story. Everyone turned out into the passages, thinking one of the visitors was in his death throes, but an examination of the apartment at once demonstrated that no tragedy had taken place there. The noises that issued from the room were certainly of a most distressing kind— gasps and moans mingling with mournful and shrill cries, occasionally varied by imitations of a child in its death agonies, and eerie sounds suggesting the proximity of a ghost. Some hinted that the house was haunted ; but the manager, more practical, seat for a police inspector, to keep an all-night vigil in the room. On that occasion no sound was heard, but, strange to relate, the occupant of the adjoining apartment had vanished next morning. In his place he left a note saying that he exorcised the spirits that troubled the household, and had carried them off with him. He considered this service was at least equivalent to the bill of 120 odd fraacs he owed the landlord, and thus both could cry quits. The proprietor has thought otherwise, and the police are now actively searching for this imitator of Valentine Vox. Some severe comments are made by the Mysore Standard with regard to General" Booth's Peasant Settlement Scheme in India. This .paper alleges that Mr. Booth is too credulous if he thinks that the Salvation Army in India is anything more genuine than a gang of hired heathen mercenaries, who adopt " salvation" as a means of employment. The Government of Bombay repudiates the much circulated rumour that they have promised any kind of help, and it appears that the 500 acres of land obtained as a settlement for Salvationist families are farmed, not by Salvationists, but by outside casual labourers. There is only one Christian employed, and that is the nett result of 20,000 rupees having been spent in the General's attempt to plant a Christian colony. In a letter to the Standard the Rev. Mr. Gillespie, a Presbyterian missionary, deplores the circumstance that European Christians should provide funds used by the Army " for aggressively Christian work on purely heathen settlements." The long remand granted by Sir John Bridge to Dr. Jameson and his fellowofficers was made in the interest of the Crown rather than in that of the defendants. Since the arrival of Mr. Rawlinson and Mr. Williamson in South Africa, they have been busily engaged in collecting evidence against the prisoners, as well as in eliciting the opinion of various qualified per.-ons on the spot in regard to the causes which led to Dr. Jameson's advance. It is not considered probable that the Treasury will be in possession of the result of their labor before the beginning or middle of May. It is said that these roving com missioners have had much trouble in securing trustworthy, aid at the same time willing witnesses, as public opinion in the Transvaal runs high in favor of Dr. Jameson. The prosecution are making every effort to bring the trial to a conclusion before the beginning of the Long Vacation, and, unless any unforeseen delay occurs in the subsequent proceedings, it is considered probable that it will be brought to a close before the rising of the courts in August. Meanwhile, for reasons best known t) them selves, the Treasury have desired a long adjournment at the present juncture, rather than before the commencement of the trial in the superior court. Should the Transvaal President's name be pronounced " Krooger" or " Kruger This question is causing considerable discussion in certain South African prints. As a rule Oom Paul's name is spelt " Kriiger," and the tvo dots over the " u " give that vowel the sound heard in the French words *'du, " tu," &c; But Oom Paul writes his his name thus : " Kruger," the slur over the " u " giving it the sound which we have in " fool," " tool," &c.; One correspondent points out that Mr. Kruger writes his name, all but an Italian " e," in German characters. President Steyn, of the Orange Free State, with whom Oom Paul is said to have concluded a new offensive and defensive alliance, is a man of strong character and considerable influence. He is a power yet to be reckoned with— and a Boer of the Boers. When just lately he was requested to stand for the Presidency, he concluded a very strong letter of acceptance with these remarkable words : " May the day be long distant when the Afrikander shall forget his Bible and his gun !" The New York correspondent of the Daily Chronicle cables somewhat ambiguously, if not irreverently, that "the name of Mr. Ballington Booth's new organisation is likely to be changed again, the word ' Patriotic' being introduced. ' Volunteers' may be retained, but' God' may be discarded." There seems, however, to be some foundation for the last statement since the fair secessionists have struck for a prettier uniform, and, though a staff captain suggested that it was more important to save souls than wear pretty uniforms, the malcontents were obstinate. They have discarded the hideous poke bonnet, and the new lady volunteers are to be stylishly dressed. One cannot help ieeling, however, that this is an appea to vanity intended to attract wavering adherents, for feminine flesh is very weak in the matter of bonnets and fine clothes. No doubt the parent army will have to make corresponding reforms, and the inevitable result will be that while the male Salvationist is more magnificent than a Life Guardsman, the ladies will wear gowns that will turn Mrs. Patrick Campbell green with envy. It would be idle to suppose that a jury at the Antrim Assizes could consist entirely or even largely of wicked and rebellious Home RulerB, yet Letitia Boyd, the lady who fired a gun at the bailiff who came to evict her, was acquitted at Belfast, much to the disgust of Mr. Justice Holmes. As the theory of political sympathy with " Leteesha" will hardly hold water, it can only be supposed that the verdict was due to the chivalry immortalised by Moore which the Irish invariably display to beauty in distress—even when beauty goes up on the indiscriminate shoot. Mr. Astor is assessed in the New York City Tax Office upon a real estate valuation of seven millions two hundred thousand pounds, but this, it appears, is in reality only about half the true amount of Mr. As tor's fortune. Profetsor Edward Dowden, whose works upon Shakespeare and Shelley have won him considerable fame, is an Irishman by nationality. He was born at Cork in 1843, and entered at the age of 16 Trinity College, Dublin. He took his first clas3 there in philosophical subjects, and then studied for divinity, but in 1867 he was appointed Professor of English Literature—an extraordinary compliment to a young man of 24, but he soon repaid the confidence of his University. He devoted himself to the study of Shakespeare, and brought out l 1875 his great work entitled, Shakespeare: His Mind and Art." This was followed a little later by a Shakespeare Primer, and Mr. Dowden has also written introductions for the Henry Irving edition of the Bard's works. In 1877 appeared his solitary book of " Poems," mainly lyrical or autobiographical, and marked by a certain fastidious grace. But, apart from certain valuable essays, critical and miscellaneous, such as his " Studies in Literature" and " Transcripts and Studies," the most notable of his latter works is the famous " Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley." In his new work on " Democracy and Liberty," Mr. Lecky draws a very gloomy picture of the future (the future, be it said, as he thinks it will be when Democracy is fully in the ascendancy). He tells us that a new spirit of complaisance towards measures of spoilation is abroad, graduated taxation is likely to be extended, with the result of bringing about a social and political transformation in the character of wealth, and the destruction of English country life as we have hitherto known it. He continues thus :—"The old historic houses will, no doubt, remain but they will remain, like the French castles along the Loire, memo- ries of a, state of society that has passed away. Many will be in the hands of rich merchants or brewers, and perhaps American millionaires. They will often be shut up, as a measure of economy, for long periods. They will no longer be the centres of great landed properties, or represent ia great county influence, cr a long train of useful duties Parkes will be divided. Picture galleries will be broken up. Many noble works of art will cross the Atlantic. The old type of English country life will be changed, and much of its ancient beauty will have passed away. An appeal has been issued on behalf of the fund for the restoration of the old parish church of St. Mary, Chatham. The church is mentioned in the Doomesday Survey, and a building devoted to Divine service has existed on the spot since early Saxon times. It is interesting to lovers of Dickens to note that the great novelist worshipped here, and described the church in " David Copperfield," whilst what professes to be the tomb of the Weller family is situated outside the porch. It is now made known that an accident occurred to the train during the journey of the German Emperor and Empress to Italy. The special train had reached the middle of the tunnel of Rouco, near Genoa, when suddenly a report was heard. When the train was stopped it was discovered that the Westinghouse brake of the first carriage was broken. Whilst the damage was being repaired in the tunnel, the regular express train approached on the same line, but was stopped in time. The accident is said to have caused some anxiety. LONDON, 2nd April. Invention, a London scientific weekly, says :— WESTERN AUSTRALIA REQIBEB LABORERS .—There seems to be an unusual demand for labor in Western Australia. Since December, 1,00.0 to 1,500 men per week have been arriving from the Eastern colonic, and all have been rapidly absorbed. • It is, however, to be noted that a large quantity of these immigrants were not of the most desirable class, and their is need, we are told, of labour of the English miner class. They can command from £3 10s. to £4 per week in an ordinary way, whilst the cost of living should not be more than from 18s. to 25s. Women, it is said, also easily find occupation on the goldfields, as servants, cooks, waitresses, ijr.; there is a large development round the gold mines, where their services will be increasingly required ' Come over and help us !' cry our Australian cousins." Which the Dryblower conjectures means the following :— Go back you undesired class, Vour Eastern life resume, To reg ons impecunious pass— Westralia has no room. Get back to cities' race and rush, To stifling street and lane, And live amid the ceaseless crush Vour hopeless lite again. You might also Observe the pure fraternal love Exuding from the " par" above, Which gives a kind of backward shove To persons undesired. And it's not a press disc; rrion To say ii breatnes a caution That a very large proportion Are not at all required. " We ftre told'''s an ancient gag, But this scientific rag Opens wide the chestnut bag- That editorial treasure. Then with bowed and hoary head. Conies the mildewed " it is said," Or " we hear," perhaps, instead— A precautionary measure. And it prattles of the marvellous rapidity With which imported miners get a job. Being English-made, he's collared with avidity, If he doesn't mind a paltry eighty bob It's a perfect B1 Dorado for a cook, No restrictions as to staying out to fetter her ; Not a ma'am to bring poor ! Mary Ann to book— The same with Hebe-waitresses, etcetera For an Englishwoman's quite a scarce com modity, Being rushed with rosy billets when she lands. Every female importation is an edditv Who hasn't forty lovers on her hands. And a British niaid has surely none to better her, To no colonial hussy will she yield. Though I'd like u know what constitutes etcetera— Is it anything I"tv seen upoa the field 1 To make the paragra- h complete. This rightly-named •• Inventive" sheet, Inserts a moist pathe ic bleat Of cri-s of help for workers. For workersBats! to walk the lan L That Fate and Forrest have in hand. And then to join that gallant band The Anglo-Austral shiikers. Let no one turn down-hearted back Across the weary Eastern track From out our band of grafters. Westralia's wealth with you has grown : Your hardy muscle, b'ood, aud bone, Has proved her true foundation-stoue. We'll now put on the rafters. Many foreigners hold the opinion that England has no climate. It is all samples. And truly the day of the Oxford and Cambridge boat race was one of the samples —rain, snow, hail sleet, sunshine and gales held high revel. It was one of the worst days I ever experienced, and, toiling up the busy, muddy and turbulent Thames was au undertaking which few but Britishers would venture to enter upon in pursuit of sport (?). To have lived and not to have seen the great University Boat Race appears to the mind of an Englishman a life wasted, so I braved the storm and freed myself from an odium so terrible. Remembering the thousands of boats which throng the river on the day of the great race, it was rather singular that I should see, on board a steamer at an adjoining mooring to ours, Mr. Alex. Forrest, a drenched but apparently interested spectator ; while ou the same boat as yours truly was Mr. J. Wauchope and his wife. Mr. Wauchope has frequently visited Coolgardie, but his speculations there were not very lucky, and he has since tried New Zealand with the result that he has netted a nice little fortune from some of the recent N.Z. flotations in London. Amongst other mining centres he has visited since his last trip to Coolgardie is Cripple Creek, Colorado. He doesn't think much of the place. You "have no doubt heard all about the boat race. It i? sufficient to say here that it was a magnificent contest, and to remind your readers that it resulted in Oxford's seventh successive victory. I understand that the Duke of Cambridge was requested by the Queen to refuse the pension which it was proposed by the Government to grant him. The secret history of the whole affair, says Truth, and of the tracasseries which it has produced will be found highly diverting and instructive whenever it is revealed. Lord Landsdowne is the in- dividual upon whom all the blame of this blundering business is thrown, both by his colleagues and by the Court. The Q'ueeu was informed in plain terms by Lord Salisbury that the Goverment could not carry th« pension, so the duke really had no alternative but to withdraw his claim. The duke has solved the controversy about his pension as Commander-in- Chief, by declining to allow his personal claims, ho wever legitimate," to become the subject of party strife. It would have been more gracious on the part of His Royal Highness, who has been paid such enormous sums by the country, and who even now is in the receipt of a large income from public sources, had he taken this step before the threatened opposition to his pension arose. Bismarck I. is a much more gallant gentleman than Bismarck II. The wife of Count Herbert Bismarck has lately given birth to her second child. Like her first child, the latest addition to this great historic family is also a daughter. No Bismarck III. has appeared in the world as yet. Count Wilhelm, the younger son of the old statesman, is the father of daughters only. He has grandsons, it is true, but they are the children of his daughter Marie, and will consequently bear the name of Rantzau. Count Herbert was sorely distressed at the sex of his last child, and telegraphed the sad news to his father in three short words : " Nur ein Miidchen" (only a girl). Hereupon the grim old prince wired to his son, " No matter; remember Marie was only a girl." One of the oldest veterans of the British Army passed away on the 27th March last at Forest House Infirmary, West Ham Union. James Henncsey, or Hennis, was born in 1805, and in 1836 joined the 9th Foot, was at Cabul with that regiment in 1842, and was the sentry on duty who challenged the "remnant of an army" upon his approach to the gates. Afterwards he volunteered for the Crimea, but was not allowed to add to his experiences. He left the army in 1857, having served 21 years and 11 months, with a pension of 8d. per diem, which he has continued to draw for nearly 40 years. Australians note carefully the magnificent sum of nnney provided by the Government of the richest country in the world for the maintenance of this war-worn son of England, and also mark attentively that this poor old veteran ended his days in that grand British institution, the workhouse. And yet the other day the lickspittle grovellers in and outside the Houses of Parliament were engaged in log- rolling, for all they knew how, to swindle the taxpayers of this alleged free country out of more money to swell the already Moated revenue of the overpaid " Jook of Gamebridge." The " Dryblower" unburdens himself of the following :— He lived— To be told by the poet in beartstirring song His days would be happy—his glory be long, But where is that glory ?—and where is that fame Olu England, it rings to your sorrow and shame, By workhouses sheltered, by charity fed, And this the reward of the gallant who bled. The Canadian Militia Department has transmitted to the Colonial Office an offer of the 8th (Princess Louise's) Hussars of New Brunswick for service in the Soudan. The regiment is 600 strong, and one of the best-appointed cavalry corps in the Dominion. If this is so Western Australia will want to know what about the larcenous offer of the York Infantry to take the field. A public explanation from the field marshall commanding the Westralian defence force is awaited with breathless interest. Public excitement is intense, but calm prevails. Consols are happily so far unaffected. If the W.A. Army does get on the warpath, why — oh, it is too dreadful to contemplate the effect on the peace of the world. The report that the German Emperor has sent a sympathetic telegram on the subject to Sir John Forrest is received here with incredulity. Speaking at a mass meeting held in Manchester to discuss the grievances of British subjects in South Africa, Mr. Charles Leonard, of the National Union of the Transvaal, said that though the Englishmen in the South African Republic outnumbered the Dutch by 2 to 1, and have developed the country by their capital and their capacity for commerce, they were most unfairly and unjustly treated. They did not object to being taxed, but they did object to being taxed without representation. Not two years ago Englishmen petitioned the Boer Parliament to give them electoral rights, but the appeal was rejected with contumely, though a minority of the Boer representatives pointed out the danger of pursuing a policy of injustice. The Englishmen were told in the Boer Parliament that if they wanted rigLts they must fight for them. Could they winder that men in their despair turned to the remedy which their rulers suggested ? The news received by cable in London, that heavy rains had fallen on the Coolgardie goldfields, was received with every sign of satisfaction by all classes directly or indirectly connected with the mining industry. Thus our mutual friend, the " Dryblower " :— Coolgardie has no rainfall, Says the pessimistic croaker. And if what h« says is true, An exaggerated dew Is what we'll have to call This much-desired soaker. And I seem to hear its rattle On the flimsy 6x8, That I left, with every chattel To my unromantic mate, Who in h ; s bunk would tumble. Tho' the darkened heavens pour, And drown the thunder's rumble' With his unpoetic snore. And the rain I seem to smell. As it fell—fell-fell, Till the saltbusb started blooming Like the daisies in the dell. While the satuiated camper, As he floundered in the mud, Saved his sugar, tea, and damper From the unexpected flood. And his flic spits and fizzles Till its vapour rises high, 'Neath the sad and soaking drizzles From a dark and dirty sty. Note the population skipping, Cutting capers quite erratic, Never thinking while they're tripping Of a fever called rheumatic. On the iron corrugated. How it pattered as it fell, And if any roofs were slated, It would patter there as well. And while it's dropping, dropping, With a soft and oozy thud. Camel, sheep, and horse are flopping In the unaccustomed mud. Our doctors' bills we'll soon reduce, And also save our liver ; No more we'll swig condenser-juice. But draw it from the river. To the recent boom in wet, Let us driDk a crystal tankful, All advantages we'll get, And we're thankful. So excuse this bit of jingle On the subject of the rain, Let congratulations mingle While we're in a happy vein. For the theme of conversation From Bersheba on to Pan, Is the liquid visitation, And wiil it come again. Although it's slip and slop with us, Our trouble's at an end, Yes, the rain hot come to stop with us, An ever-welcome friend. Mr. Samuel J. Clemens (Mark Twain), who has completely recovered his health, sailed yesterday from Bombay for Mauritius and Cape Town. He has sold the copyright of his new work for £10,000. Germany's Grand Old Man, Prince Bismarck, celebrated his eighty-first birthday in good health and spirts at Friedrichsruh, on 1st April, but without the usual festivities, which, by the advice of his doctor, were omitted from the programme this year. As a birthday present from the Kaiser, the ex- Chancellor received a large copy of the latest photograph group of the Imperial family, presented in a handsome frame and with an appropriate inscription in his Majesty's own handwriting. In Berlin the Prince's portrait was conspicuous in the shop windows in honor of the occasion, and seme of the chief hotels drew attention to the nature of the day on the menu. Preparations are being made in Russia for festivities on a gigantic scale in connection with the coronation of the Czar. The delegates expected at Moscow to attend the coronation will include 49 marshals and 200 other representatives of the nobility, 34 presidents of provincial Governments, and 83 mayors and other municipal functionaries. Each of these delegates will be accompanied by two assistants, while the representatives of the nobility will have a third deputy attached to them in the person of the territorial chief of th^ir respective provinces. Besides deputations from the different districts in Central Asia, three representatives of the Kirghiz population of the provinces of Ufa and Turgai will come to Moscow for the festivities. The rural population of the Empire will send in all 710 delegates, for whose accommodation the Korsr-li Theatre has been hired by the authorities. The following letter from the Hon. George Hudson, late Colonial Secretary and British Resident in the Transvaal, is published by the Pretoria press : — Fir,—As a public officer. Imperial and Colonial, with 40 years' service in South Africa and with all my family and material interest and prospects here. I cannot but view with the deepest concern the present re ations existing, as I see from the newspapers. between her Majesty's Government and the Transvaal Government. I may say that few have more intimate knowledge of the Government and people of this Eepub ic than myself, and while I refrained from expressing my opinion on the present condition of affairs till I had made a personal visit. I now unhesitatingly feel bound to say that the reports which have been circulated of any danger being imminent to the liveB of any of the reformers or others in the BepuVic are absolutely without foundation. In my opinion the only risk or danger to a peaceful solution of pendiDg complications will be want of trust in the justice and moderation of the Government of the Republic, and a regrettable belief in the interested and mischievous statements published by ceitaia sections of the Press. With reference to the coming trial of the Reform prisoners, I will stake my reputation that such trial will be as fair and impartial as possible. No fear need be entertained that justice will not be done, I refer with confidence to the flag incident of 1890 at Johannesburg, when certain persons were indicted for sedition and public violence; and although the feelings of the Boers were much excited, a Boer jury nevertheless acquitted the prisoners. I would also remark on tl»e absence of any demonstration hostile to the Reform prisoners daring the preliminary examination. This can hardly be Paid of the proceedings at the Jameson trials in London. The malicious fabrication that Boers have icstigated the rising in Rhodesia is too fabulous to deserve attention.—Yours, &c.; (Signed) GEORGE HCDSOX. Reuter's Agency has received communication of the following address, which was drawn up at Bulawayo and despatched by mail to Dr. Jameson, a copy having also been sent to the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain :— " From the Men of Matabeleland to Dr. Jameson, C.B. " You are leaving South Africa not as we could wish, bat at least you shall not go without a few words from those who know you best. Whatever may be said of you elsewhere. we still think of yon as the leader who opened up i his country, courageous, resourceful, and capable of combining men of all kinds to a common end; as the administrator whose large-minded practical policy has made the rapid advance of our country possible; as the man of strong will, yet unpretentious, generous, and accessible to all alike. " It is to the friend and comrade, which these qualities have m-.'de you to so many of us, that we speak now. We ask vou to accept for yourself and the officers and meu, one and all, who fought under you, our thanks for that glow oE pride and admiration which stirred each one of us on hearing how. on the march and in the tight, they well sustained the honor of their countrymen, doubly so because unaided by those to whom they naturally looked for support as fellowcountrymeo. We muBt earnestly wish you all good speed, in the conviction that actions dictated by unselfish motives cannot long be misunderstood, and that let r it will be recognised by their good and f ir-reaching results that such bravery and endurance had not been expended in vain." With regard to the rising of the Matabeles, it is curious to recall a paragraph which appeared in Truth's columns on January 30 last :— " The following is an extract from a letter addressed to me from Buluwayo, dated December 30, 1895 :— "When you receive this you will know as well as I do that there has been a quarrel between the English and the Dutch down in the Transvaal, and war is declared. All the soldiers here are to be sent down, and the civilians are volunteering. I dare say that the women and children will be quite safe liere, though the fear is expressed that, in the absence of the troops and half the men, the Matabeles may attempt to carry them off. . . The sequel to that expedition is also curious to recall, for when the women of Johannesburg heard that Dr. Jameson was coming to their relief they fled in a panic, and many were killed in trying to escape. The danger to the women at Buluwayo seems to have been more real than that to the women of Johannesburg. The Hon. Maurice Gilford, whose patrol has been compelled to retreat before the Matabele, is the youngest of Lord Gilford's two brothers, whose liking for an adventurous life he shares He is a bachelor of thirty-seven, and had some notion of war correspondence when he went out to Matabeleland more than two years ago. The Boer is just now a persona grata at the British circulating libraries. Lucky is the man who knows a thing or two about him, and can make the most of it for the accommodating publisher. Boer publications are coming with something of the rush and suddenness of the Jameson raid. For instance, the most up-to-date narrator will have to look alive in order to beat Mr. W. E. Garret Fisher, whose "The Transvaal and the Boers" is announced for " early in April," yet will tell you what happened in Boer-land in the last week in March. The muse of history is growing athletic. President Kruger has found an opportunity for revenge in the Matabele rising, and ke has taken it in a way which is both friendly and humorous. He has telegraphed, it seems, to Sir Hercules Robinson asking if assistance is needed in Matabeleland for the protection of women and children, and offering, if so, to send his burghers in for that object. It would be difficult to imagine a neater turning of the tables. It was J}.f« Jameson who prevented the Boers froal trekking into Matablelaiid in the first instance. Now President Kruger offers to send his men in thither, in order—in the very terms of the famous telegram to Dr. Jameson— to protect women and children. The Matabele rising is no laughing matter. But decidedly the laugh, if it is permissible at all, is on the side of President Kruger, The canteens of the Transvaal probably are the wor«t liquor shops in the world. The drink most consumed there is a compound of bluestone, cayenne pepper, tobacco-juice, and other choice ingredients. This is supplied without restriction to the natives, and, according to Mr. E. P. Mathers, the well-known editor of South Africa, it soon ruins them, and is responsible for most of the crimes they commit. In the recent troubles at Johannesburg, one of the first acts of the Reform Committee was to close every saloon, compensate the owners for their stock, and then utterly destroy the stuff by pouring on the ground. The Government found the result so markedly beneficial that it ordered every canteen to be kept closed during- the disturbances. The mine managers declared that their "boys" were different altogether during that time. They were ready and willing for work. Australians will be pleased to learn that the Peninsular and Oriental Company have entered into contracts for four mail steamers of the highest class, similar in type to the Caledonia, Australia, and Himalaya, now running in the Fastern services. The new boats are, however, larger, and will accommodate about 500 first and second saloon passengers. They are each 500ft. in length, and measure about 8,000 tons register, with machinery to indicate 11,000 horse-power. They are being built by Messrs. Harland and Wolff and Messrs. Laird and Co., and the first two ships, which have been named the India and China, will be ready for service during the coming autumn. Like their predecessor?, they are driven by single-screw engines, but the distribution of power and smoothness of working will be ensured by employing engines of the four-cylinder tandem type. The first ship to be delivered will be the India, which will be launched on the 14th of the present month from the building yard of Messrs. Laird and Co. With the advent of these first-class liuera the travelling facilities offered by this company will be hard to beat. Mr. Chamberlain, in reply to a deputation of the Agents-General for all the self -governing colonies, who waited on him la&t; week to urge support for the legalisation of marriage with a deceased wife's sister, said he quite sympathised with the object the colonial Governments had in view, but much doubted whether General Laurie's Bill dealing with the subject could be dealt with this session. At the same tim?, however, whenever that or any other measure legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister came before Parliament he should support it. There is again a large number of candidates on the list for election at the National Liberal Club this month. Among them are the Lord Mayor of Dublin. Mr. James Mellor, Paulton, M.P. for the Bishop Auckland divisim of Durham, and Sir Robert T. Rdd, M.P. for Dumfries. The two latter gentlemen, who are both Gladstonian Home Rulers, are proposed and seconded by Earl Carrington and the Earl of Rosebery. Mr. James Boothby Burke Roche, who thus succeeds to the seat vacated by Mr. Michael Davitt's dual election for South Mayo and East Kerry, is the second son ©f Edmund Burke, first Baron Fermoy, Lord-Lieutenant of County Cork, who was M.P. for Cork 1837-55, and for Marylebone 1859-65, by his marriage with Elizabeth Caroline, daughter of Mr. JameB B. Boothby, of Twyford Abbey, near Acton, and a brother of the pres nt Lord Fermoy, and heir-presumptive to the peerage. Born on July 28, 1852, he was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1873 and proceeded M.A. in 1876. Bis election as a Home Ruler is in accordance with hereditary tradition, his grandfather having been a member of the Irish House of Commons and an opponent of the Act of Union. Last year Mr. J. H. Burke, a lawyer at San Francisco, applied to the then Lord Mayor of London to find the heirs of one John H. B. Wilson, an Englishman, who had died in America, leaving considerable property. The matter was mentioned in the Press, and Mr. Burke communicated to the Lord Mayor that, owing to the publicity accorded by the newspapers, the heirs had beeu found. Wilson's true name was John Spurway, and he deserted from H.M.S. Zealous in 1867. His estate had just been distributed between his brother and four sisters, whose names and addresses are given. Mr. Burke requested the Lord Mayor to mention the result to the English newspapers, not only as a matter of interest to their readers, but to stop the applications which are reaching him from Wilsons in every part of the world. There was a great rumpus in the days when Mr. Parnell ruled the Nationalist roost because some private information, obtained through the blotting-papi r medium, was used for a political purpose. The letter, the contents of which were revealed, had reference to Sir George (then Mr.) Errington's mission to the Vatican : and the writer, whose caligraphy was remarkably bold and heavy, thoughtlessly left a clear impres sion of it upon a pad in the library. The member who, a few minutes later, held the blotting- paper up to the light probably did so out of sheer curiosity : but the secret had an important bearing upon the controversy of the moment, and without regard to "the consequences it was blurted out in the House. Mr. Biggar was horrified at such a breach of the amenities, and from that time he never blotted a letter. In later years, when a generation who knew not Sir George Errington had arisen, members wondered at Mr. Biggar's habit of spreading his correspondence upon the Library fender to dry : and the practice was often referred to as a proof of bis innate eccentricity. But Mr. Biggar was not an ungenerous man, and his eccentricity never assumed the garb of suspicion except with reregard to his Parneliite associates. The appeal against the decision in the Murphy will case affecting property in California has been settled, a compromise having been arranged under which each of the parties contesting the will will receive a sum of 50,000dol. Lady Wolseley is one of the legatees and will receive the sum mentioned. Lady Wolseley, who benefits so largely under the settlement of the Murphy will case in San Francisco, is not the wife of the Commander-in-Chief, but cf Sir Charles Wolseley, of Wolseley Hall, near Rugby, head of the family of which Lord Wolseley is a member. Sir Charles met this lady in Rome, when she was Miss Anita Murphy, daughter of a San Francisco millionaire. He married ber, and took her and a fortune, estimated at £400,000, home to Wolseley Hall, which is famed for the noblest black-oak staircase in England, * the triumph of Grinling Gibbons, up which six guests can walk abreast. Mr Fitzgerald Molloy, whose " Gorgeous Lady Blessington" is attracting some attention at the moment, has performed a similar service for Peg Woffington and Edward Kean. He began his active career as a private secretary, studied colonial affairs for some years in the London office of the Agent-General for New Zealand, and bids fair in the fulness of time to turn out as many volumes as Percy Fitzgerald himself. Quite a gathering of the clans was witnessed in a jury which met under the auspices of the Westminster Coroner to inquire respecting the demise of a man called Robinson. Twelve out of the fourteen summoned answered to the name of Smith. The reading of the list by the coroner's officer occasioned much amusement. By a curious coincidence one of the witnesses who gave evidence was also called " Smith." The thirteenth juryman was named "Jones," whilst the fourteenth answered to the call of " Brown." There is a precedent in English Parliamentary history for the reformation made by Mr. Speaker Eeid in the habits of the United States House of Representatives by the peremptory prohibition of smoking within the chamber of the House. The Standing Orders of the English House of Commons issued about the middle of the seventeenth century thus prescribe tobacco: — * l Ordered, that no member of the House do presume to smoke tobacco in the gallery or at the table of the House, sitting as committees." Candor, however, constrains me to confess that I have myself seen a cigar taken from the smoking-room when the division bell rang, and kept alight till the member returned to the smoking-room by a surreptitious whiff in the division lobby. The " National Zeitung," referring to the relations between Germany and England, apropos of the Nile Expedition, says :—" The policy of Germany has not been in the least affected by the incidents and discussions of the beginning of the year. It is governed solely by her own interests There is no doubt that the British Cabinet is pursuing British aims in preparing for the Soudan campaign, and it has a perfect right to do so. At the same time, the campaign cannot but remove the strain upon Italy in Africa, at least, indirectly, and Germany's attitude in the question of the Egyptian Reserve Fund is a natural result of Italy's membership of the Triple Alliance . Notwithstanding the many changes that have occurred in the countries forming the Triple Alliance since its conclusion, it remains the basis of the foreign policy of each of the three Powers, and it does not seem likely, so far as one may see ahead, that any one of them would find adhesion to another group of allied States calculated to promote its interests. The liberty of action, however, which each of them reserves on points with which the objects of the Triple Alliance are not concerned, is, of course, not in the least detracted from by their present complaisance to the wishes of England regarding the Soudan •enterprise, Out of consideration for her Italian ally, Germany has refrained from •drawing inferences from the ill-will •which England showed towards her three months since, but beyond that the present'detente' does not go, and Germany has not the slightest reason to let herself be drawn into the conflict between England on the one hand and Russia and France on the other, which come to the front at every step of foreign policy which England takes It is not demanded by Italy's concern in the Soudaa Expedition, quite apart from the question whether the British or the Italian interest in the expedition is the greater." 