Tun shelving of tho Federal Enabling Bill by the Quoonslnod Parliament may mean a serious set-back for tlu ciiu3o of AustrnUin Union. How serious lias yet to appear, since all. will depend upon the light in which the Queensland action may bo re garded by Mr Riid, the Premier of New South Wah s, With the Enabl ing Bill accopted by tho parent colony, by Victoria, South Australia, Tas mania, and, we mey say, in confidc-ut anticipation, by West Australia, Queensland by itself considered might bo vory ligblly regarded. P»u; as the other colonies have waited for Now South Wales, eo New South Wales has waited for its Northern neighbor; and il it decides still to wait, the way is again blocked. Why it should so decide does not appear ; but Mr Roid holds that it would not bo for the iulcroat of his colony to proceed with out Queensland, and if bo still holds to this view no progress can ho made. Federation without Queensland would bo aufticiintly effective, although it would,. of course, bu incomplete ; but Australian Federation 'without New South Wales would bo a representation of " Hamlet" with tho princely and philosophic Dano deleted. This has been fully recognised by tho repre sentatives of the elder State, nud it i9 not too much to ray that they have deliberately traded upon tho position. For years the policy was ono of inor- tin, U3 obstructive as active opposition. Then when it muted Mr Raid to move, ho called his Conference of Premiers, and tho others, sinking all flense of natural irritation, worked loyally with him to udvuncn the cuuue of Austral ian Unity. Having allowed him to take the lead, they have faithfully followed suit in passing thu Enabling Bill, so paving tho way for the elec tion of delegates to draft the CoosLitu tion. Now, one of the miner colonios has tailed to f-tll inlo line, and if Mr Ruid is not Hufilciemly patriotic to go on without it lie will underlie the charge of doming all tho colonies that have wurk- d witu him simply that lie may defer to a factious and obstruct jvu opposition. B j iar as Sir Hugh Nelson, the Prt .tuiar of Queensland, is concerned, Im m»y he congratulated upon having accomplished a carefully- conceived and dfliberatrly - planned failure. JJn action throughout hits been that of-th - Lndieeanfl, of whom it was said, " Brcansu thou art neither hot nor cold, I will spun thee out of my month." Tho other Premiers were conlwit to uscepi thu terms of the draft bill adopted by tho ilobart Conference without divergence io uuv material particular. Popular choice of delegates was a principle ondora.d by all but himself. He, however, by dopurturo ifrorn this and drafting u bill which no self-reBpeciing L?gif- lulivo Couuctl could pns. deliberately elected to wreck his own mo-mure. His proposal was that Parliament should choose the delegate?, but from tho Assembly only. I; mattered not to the other colonies how the Qj4<mu land aclegntos were chosen, hut it mattered a groit deal to the Queens land Legislative Oounoil that it should not bo made a party to u pro. cess decreeing its own extinotioa in oonm-otion with lint moat important event in the political history of (ho continent. If it had accepted tho bill it would have hauded down to its successors a heritngu of humiliation, It whs, in short, invited to perform tho happy despatch, uod it has very pro perly refused to do so, I; is impossible) 10 suppose) that the Premier expeotod anything else. He must liavo known thai tho lull in the form prepared was foredoomed to rejection, and, therefore, iIjl) concluaiui) is mmvoidnblo that he counted upon this result. Herein 1 o is preserving the anti- federal reputa tion which Qucunslutrl has so labori ously striven to acquire. It Is strange, but nevortheli-ss indisputable, that the Northern colony should thus, on eo many occasion?, hivvo deoidod to pull against, rather than pull with, the other membni-H nf tlm /n-nmv Tn tl»n matter of the contribution to the Naval Defence Fund it stood sullenly aloof, till, for very shame's sake, soiling that it was a full participator in tho protec tion paid for by the other colonics, ib decided to join thorn In meeting tho expense. In thu matter of the French Pacific Gable it did not hrsitato to pro- judiou Imperial and. Australian inter ests by uiscounting thu chances of the British echeme, for which it incurred the scathing rebuke of the Scoretnry of State fur the Colonics. The qucs- tion of tho Eastern Extension Cable guarantee found it ns churlishly indis posed to quit its narrow parochial groove, and now in the all-importaut matter of Federation it i3 again Queens land that stops the way. It would be amusing, if it were not so annoying, to notice the smug :' lf sufficiency with which thu Ministerial attempt is made to lay tho responsibility for tho mis carringo of tho bill on tho shoulders of the Council. Having drafted it to ensure its rejection, and having refused to acoapt the amendment of the ob noxious cIuujc, Mr Thymic declared that if it wore not in soma form tho Government would make no other provision to secure tho representation of Queensland ut thu Federal Council, and upon the Oounoil would rest tho responsibility of the colony not being represented. It is not often that the fablu of tho wolf and tho lumb is more directly reproduced in polilicB. It is to bu hoped that Mr ituid will take a broad view of tho position, and if ho decides to join with the other colonies hi pushing forward with tbc election, the ubsuocu of the Queensland dele gates from the convention will mainly he its own nQ.iir, As a last rcaourco tho other Premiers have telegraphed to Sir Hugh Nelson, earnestly appealing to him to tako snub further measures an hu may think fit to scouru iho repre sentation of hu oulony at the Conven tion, but unless the view above ox- piv- Stfinl do.iH him less than justice, Sir Hugh Nelson is hardly likely to be much moved thereby. Tlio loug-lnnkcd-for ctuuigo in tho weather Net in yesterday. Although a few drops of rain full during tho morning, a alight hut steady d(»wi|pour did nut set in until aftur -l o'clock. The ruin, if it doubt pruvu thu salvation of oat and potato crops in thu district, as during thu jiast few days thu growth had been ar rested, some of tlm former being quite i white. Heavy showers fell during thu afternoon at Latvnbe. Grass was also going oil' considerably, being imrched in places. At thu end of last week land holders in the Sassafras, Northdown, and Aleriarty districts were exceedingly anxious fur a fall of rain, for, although the crops were holding out remarkably well, it was felt that they would not do so much longer without moisture. From the. vital statistics for country districts for thu mouth of Ortolan, to hand from the Registrar-General and Go. wnuiieut Statistician, we learn that during the month 85 births were regis., terod in thu North-Western division of thu Colony, being 27fi pur 1000 of popu lation, with a mean for all country dis. tricts of 2MI2 per 1000. In tho same division the deaths totalled 39, or 127 , per 1000 of population, the mean for all t'oiuitry districts being 'TO per 1000. Slock on King's Island are looking fairly well, grass st ill being plentiful in parts. The s.h. .Star is bringing up a load Weekly to Luiineustun, and tho Yjdln also landed 27 head at the Tamar on Saturday. It is estimated that thoro tiro still about 100 head of fat cattle to bo brought to tho mainland. Tho erection of a jetty at Currie Harbor, King's Island, is well under woigh, tho contractors (Messrs Seahrook) being on- gaged, when tho s.h. Yolla loft on Friday, In tho work of driving tho piles. Sou;o difficulty, however, is hieing experienced with the driving, owing to the liottom being composed principally of broken rocks. Tho schooner Victoria has landed a quantity of limber at thu site for the jetty. The completion of the work wil take some tuqo. Notice is given. in another column, tlint the land tax for tho current yenr having hccomu due, no further notice will bo given ,to defaulters before proceed ingb for its recovery uro taken. Tho following nro tho returns at tho local Customs olliuo for tho wook ending Saturday : — Duties : Spirits, £10 18h ; tobacco, £101 8h ; other gooda, £83 13 Jlld; total, £108 IDs lOd. Murinujlonnl charges : Wharfage, £10 2s 3d ; light dues, £3 ,10s 9d ; harbor dues, £'5 -Is id miscellaneous, 18s lOd ; total, £28 15s ild. Bond charges : Ronts, IDs lid ; ro«. picks, -is ; total, £1 3s lid ; gratul total, £228 19s 8d, A meeting of directors of tho U.A.A.A. Company, Limited, was held at the Li- trobo Hotel on Friday evening. Present: Messrs U. J. King (in tho chair), A. Moore, R. Ritchie, G. Pttrdy, 13. Martin, J. D. IleUewell, T. Hooves, W. H. Keam, F. llichards, J. A. While (secretary), and M. O. Phillips (manager). — Tho following prizes were pissed : — Champion 2ft blocks, £(15 j Handicap, £92; Under hand Chop, £20 lis ; liund Contest, £30 ; Maiden Chopping, £8 ; Bushman's Friend, £8 ; Champion IHin Chop, £8. In the sawing and piling splitting the secretary reported that there had not been enough starters to make a match, hut hu had arranged with the competitors present, to give £1L us prizes in those events. Other accounts in connection with tho carnival were parsed, amounting to £75, tho total amount passed for piy- numb being £309 Ms. A committee meeting of the United Australasian Axemen's Association was held at ITvorstunu on .Saturday evening, Mr C. Henderson in the chair. — The Sucrotnry re polled that two sports meet ings had registered with thu association during the week. — A good deal of routine business was transacted, thu order of ovents for the Dclomino spirts being ar ranged. — Air C. Henderson was elected chairman of the Executive Committee. — It was decided that all cheques should bo signed by the chairman ntul counter signed by thu treasurer and secretary. — It was reported that three registered choppers, Messrs. I, M. Mackinolty (Vic toria), Abo Bryan (Victoria), and 13. Loveridge (West Australia) hud coiiqietcd at an unregistered meeting at Lntmho. Tho circumstances under which the men competed were discussed at length, and A. Bryan was disqualified for livu years, I. 51. Mackinolty was lined £1, mid 13. Loveridge £2.— A number of accounta were pissed for piymuiit, and tho meeting closed. At thu recent Litrobo chopping meet ing Messrs Chcllis and Reeves ottered to chop M. Marshall for £50 a-sidu, at L-itroho, on Boxing Day. We are in formed that Marshall will nub chop ab Latrobe, bub thab if Reeves is willing Marshall's friends are ipilto prepared to back their man. thu match to take nlucu at Dclomino next week. It is understood that Marshall is quite willing, bub us he is away In the backwoods his supporters have nob yet seen him. He will be inter viewed to-day, and something definite will he known then. Anniversary services in connection with tho West Dovonport Wusluyan Church wore held on Sunday, tho Rev J. R. Bradbury officiating at 11, 3, and 7. The church was vury prettily dccorat'cd with ferns and many choice Hewers. At each service there was a good attendance, and tho rev geutleman. who gave appropriate and eloquent addresses, was attentively listened to. Some anthems wore givou by thu choir, tho voices hlouditig har moniously. Miss ilillcr presidud at tho organ. Pastor 11. Wood conducted services at thu Lutrobu Tabernacle on Sunday morn ing and evening. There was a vory largo attendance in thu evening. Buforo tho surmon thu pastor read a number of ex tracts from thu Acts of tho Apistlcs re ferring to Baptism, its importance and mode of administration. The text was taken from Acts, 18th chapter, 8th vol)) — "And many of the Corinthians, hear- ing, believed, and were baptised. There were four baptisms muntioucd in thu New Testament. Thu tuintism of ruouiit- ance, the baptism of suffering! the bap tism of tho Holy Spirit, and tho believers' baptism. Christ, when he sent his disciples out told them to preach tho gospel, and baptise in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. They wuro to bo believers before thoy were baptised. He (Pastor Wood) deprecated i'tfnnt Imptism. Ho did not believe because a child died hufore baptism tiuit it was excluded from Heaven, for Christ had said, "For such is the Kingdom of God." Ho believed that none should bo lmptiscd until they knew the Word of Gixl, and wuro capable of responsible action. Ho mid a number of testimonies from the Lutheran Church and Congrega tional divines, acknowledging that adult baptism was the only baptism authorised by thu Bible, and practised by the early Church. As to the mode of baptism, it was clearly laid doivn that it should be by immersion they should he buried with Christ. Baptism was symbolic of death, burial, and resurrection. Now, when a man was buried it did not mean that merely 'a few lmiulfuls of earth were sprinkled over him, bub that' ho was hidden from sight. So ho should be in baptism. Tho word itself was a Grook word, which did uot mean simply to sprinkle, but to plunge or immerse. In conclusion, ho exhorted all if thoy woro convinced of the truth of his words not to let worldly considerations or what their friends might say hindor thorn from em bracing right and truth. After tho conclusion of tho sorvlco baptism was iulminlstorod to . four candidates of tho Sassafras Church. We are tohl tho children uf the town and district will be given a froo ride on the mQiTy.go-roipul at Devanport from 3 to (I to-day if the weather is favorable. Those from East Dovonport will Im> carried free on tho ferry. A Air R. W. Smith will lecturo on " Democracy in' politics" at the Formby llall on Saturday uvemug,' Tho lecturo will not, possibly, bo dear at tho price, fo no charge is to bo made for admission Mr AY. B. Baker, a resident of Moriurty, mot with a sorioim accident on Friday uvotiing. Ho was riding homo, in company/ with Ids son, when his horse stuiubtcd through putting his foot in n hole. Mr Baker ivus thrown over tho animal's head and landed very heavily, sustaining injuries to his spino. Dr Stewart was at once sont for, but before his arrival tho sufieror had been convoyed to tho Devon Cottage Hon- pital, whore ho was attended by Dr Payne, who yesterday reported favorably on his patient's condition. A well-attended meeting of tho Dovon port Philharmonic Society was hold at tho Formby Hall on Friday evening. Air I). Ar. Dossutor was appointed secretary, Mr 11\. PuiUiuld treasurer, and Dr Smith was added to the list of vice-presidents. In tho absence of Air T. Cckerby, tho con ductor, AlrD. A. Nichols took tholmhui, and some glees wore gone through. It was announced that thu cantata, " Sher wood Queen," was' to bu put in active rehearsal, in order to ho produced during thu Christmas holidays. A peculiar charge of theft is set down for hearing at tho Ulvurstone Police Court to-day, brief reference to which was made .in" The Post" on .Saturday. A man named Arthur Jones, residing at North Mutton, reported to tho Ulvurstone police on Thursday that a man named Mielmcl Murray stole fmtn him, at thu Gnwlor, a hill of uxclmngu valued ab .'IDs, on thu previous night. It is statod that Jones hehrAlurray's acceptance for the amount, and when it became duo lie wont to A! array lor tho money. Murray agreed to pay the amount, and obtained a pun ami ink for Junes to sign his name. Jones alleges that ho had only written as far as "A. Jon — when Alurray aimed a blow ab him aud seized thu acceptance. On being interviewed by tho police, Murray said he |nid Jones thu money, hut ho was arrested on a charge of stealing. As stated in Saturday's issuo, Alurray was brought up at tho Ulverstono Police Court aud remanded until to- dny. Three handicap road races under, the uuspices of (lie Duvouport 'Cycling Club are to bo decided to-morrow afturnoou, t he distances being half-mile, mile, and two miles. About nineteen members of t he local club have entered for thu events. Tho course, wo understand, is to lm on thu Northdown mail, tho 'cyclists finish ing opposite tho Recreation Ground. All the necessary parts of a four-roomed weatherboard dwelling were among the cargo of the h.h. Yolla, which was at the Atorsuy yesterday, Tho house formerly stood in u >nrL of llobart, ami was pur chased by a Mr Propstiug, who has taken no n nastor.il run at Grenvillu Harbor. about half-way between Alacquiirio and Stralmn. The Yolla was t have called at the harbor last week, but owing to a heavy sea which was rtnmiug she was unable to make thu lauding place, and Captain Reid then resumed his voyage to tho lighthouses, bringing tho material with him. Another attempt will bu made to land the cargo on thu Yolla's return Lap to-dny. A curious case came before an Adelaide Courtou AYednesdny afternoon. Adispwto had occurred between the proprietors of Souquut & Co.'h menagerie and their employees, and a lawsuit was begun. There was an idea that one of the defend ants intended to lunvo the colony, and a process was issued. A difficulty, how ever, 'arose when tho process came to bo served, for the litigant had caused him self to lie locked up in a cagu with five bears and a couple of apes. The bailiff prudently declined tho invitation of tho bearkeeper to enter tho cagu and arrest, him. and tho process was, consequently, iuHimmtcd through thu bars. Thu matter ended iu the Commissioner ordering the defendant to lind sureties of £100 to answer the action pending against litem. To-morrow the adherents of tho Roman Catholic Church at Railtou will keep high festival. Imldiinr lliuii mmual Himrbi nf. Flowery Alarsh in the afturnoou and a ball at East's Hotel in tho evening. Porter's baud will bu in attendance at the sports, and will also supply the music for the ball. Tho H|K>rtH will commence at 12.30, aud twelve events will hu decided, besides trotting and hack racing and other impromptu items. The thrcu chiof events hnvo titled remarkably well, as will he S)en from tho handicaps elsewhere, and given a good attendance, those closing ' ut the post should ho well putrouUed. Return tickets at single fares will be issued by tho Railway De partment from all stations from Ulvor" stone to Uuiltou, available for return to- morrow or Thursday, and this should help thu gate. luteudiug contributors of articles to the' bazaar and cake fair in iiul of tho Ulvur stone Band, to be held in thu local Town Hull ou Friday mid Saturday, uro re minded that thoy must forward their pivors — other than those of a perishable nature, which it is requested shall lie sent in after Thursday, nb midday, — to the Ulvurstone Branch of the Oomuiercial Bank by midday to-morrow. No doulq the successes achieved hy thu band in the two contests in which it has engaged will be nn Incentive to tho townspeople to re spond liberally to its appeal, for there is no royal road to success in music any more than there is in anything else, nud tho position which tho ulverstono Band now occupies among tho country bands of tho .Colony cau only have l>oon won hy jwitiunt study and almost constunt practice, Tlm concert and ait union drawing, which were to luive been hold on Thurs day ovening, under thu nusnicos of tho United Australasian Axeuioiis Company, Limited, at Lit robe, have beon |>o.st>oiicd until the evening of December 10. Air G. Atkinson will hold his usual monthly sale ut Sheffield on Tuesday, and ou tho following day he will hold his fort nightly. sale at his Litrobu yards. The date of Air T. ColloLt's spring stock snlu has been altered to Thursday, December 3. Further entries will lie found In our advertising columns for. Mr AY. Jones' Penguin stock sale on Wednesday,1 A meeting will bo bold at ' iho Town Hnll. Ulvoi'Hlnno, at 8.15 to-night, to en deavor to arrange for thu Lovuii Regatta on Boxing Day. . Air T. Collutfc will hold n clearing sale of furniture at 2 o'clock to-morrow, on Uto premises of Mr S. Wood, Ilciboy street, Ulvoridone. Spurts rogiNlored under the U.A.A.A. ivitl he held at North Motion ou Thurs day. Some of the ovoula are post entry, ami 95 entries have boon received for the four which have closed— about a record for a count ry gathering. With such exceptional entries, patrons iuvo sure to have a good day's sport. 