SOUTH AUSTRALIA. . ... _ .. - ADjLatDF, May 29. dt the rouce Uocxt to-day a man named A. Rudd was charged with unlawfully disguising timself with a piece of white cloth and with being deemed to be an idle and disorderly person on the night of the 6th of May. Thomas Meddal, tbe principal witness, stated that while he was on his way home on the night in question he noticed a figure in white emerging from the west end of the cemetery. As the figure approached him he heard a voice eaying ' Thomas Mcddal, I claim you.' He (Meddal) answered ' Take me then ' and struck the tignre with a stick which he carried. The ghost closed with him and in » scuffle which followed the sheet Wai dis arranged and he identified the ghost as tudd. Tbe defendant was convicted and fined £4 5s., including costs. AOELalOE, June S. At a meeting of trustees of the State Bank this morning tenders for the purchase of mortgage bonds coder the State Advances Act, which was passed last session, were opened. In all thirty-seren applications were received, and the aggregate amount asked for Was £65,300, varying in amount f:om £1W) to £80U0. Tenders were called for £3j,000 worth ot bonds and that amount was thus more than doubly applied for. The rate offered by -..- .^..........isiwigc, nom i^j ^g, Da# premium. The bands bear interest at the rate of nree asd a-balf per cent from tbe 1st of May list and are interminable after five years' 'Til ''.I688 l-idecmcd b? ''Hot as pre scribed by the Act. Adelaide, June 3 Mr. Walter Rutt, assistant engineer of railway construction, his been appointed lief assistant engineer in place of the late The northern areas of the colony are suuVrinD from a protracted drought, which as killed a krge number of cattle and retarded seeding operations. Ttlegr»m» tu hand to-night state good rain is tallinz in many places in the north. „, Adelaide, June 4. The railway revenue is tfco.tng a cratt fyitg improvement. $he increase last week was newiy taooo oxw that of tbe corre»pond- «ng Week of last yea. It M probabe attempts wtH be made to npfet tie elections in tss North Adelaide. ^^lie^ir^Saf **- -*«? The G vernment hatr bills ready for imme diate introduction into Parliament dealing with the reduction of the Legislative Council , franchiaj qulifictttftm, Vhelrafflluig dl the Kooperamana Railway, law reform, e*rly closing, licensed victuallers' law, employers liability, and electoral consolidation. 