At tile harrowing of ine KiYer. Bv A. CONWAY, . . . PERSONS who have overlandea it Strahan along the Linda track'knc the spot well, by the two sway! wires over which they cross t King, where that river winds rou; flats and swamp myrtle', then sapling bolt, buttongrnss, and ' 1 yond, on rising ground, what w once a mighty forest of Macquai pine. Year after year the pine had been toiling in the fore working their way gradually up t ? course of the King, till one last oat of marketable timber was left whe Mount Owen throws ridges of grani across the river bed. Tho King , rough and broken below, but he the passage is absolutely barred logs. The spot was worked out, and tl was to be the last camp. . With 1 men reduced to a_ third of thc number, Weston waited for the ra that, was to float his logs down whore the steam tuer 'Possum lay . the mouth of the King, to tow i the -baulks of pine that bore h " three dnggor " brand to tl . schooners at Long Bay. The schooners waited in the bi while the piners at the Kingcrossii sweltered in the hot-wind days a dying summer. The timo vbi . the first autumn rains were due hi ' gone by a full month, and still tl waters trickled but lazily among tl branded logs that had been rolli into the river's bed. It was a hard wait for Ni« Weston with his contracts unfi filled. His men found it almost ; hard. Their cheques were earne and the long-delayed joys of tl Î)ort were very alluring because i ong withheld, "There's someone in this yore can as has killed a Chinaman," ' sa "Brusher" Matthews wearily. 'At last, in the central tablelan< where the King begins in mountni _ streamlets, clouds cloaked and . hi * the trim pillars of the Frenchman Cap. ' Twenty - four \ hours late Weston, with the water ? drippin from his oilskins, raised a grot shout as herald of the approachin flood. Tho waves of yellow water wei already lappiug arning,the boulder each setting- tue" water-mark a le\ inches,.- higher. The little brow: (-possums had deserted the musi r bushes by the river's verge for th \ branches of the myrtle, and the bus! r wallaby had careered up the hillsid from the flats. Tho drought hai broken, and Weston's men knev their time of travail was at an 'end ? Long after log plunged from sh OR to shallow, and in the growinj current started bravely off on th« final journey. . It was a merry camp that night, ai they listened to the King roaring angrily below Owen. In a week thc schooners' in the bay would bc leaving Holls Gates in their real and with a full cargo for Hobart ; ir \- a week" Weston's party would be gaining, in one blissful burst of intemperance, the just _ reward fot .their many days of toil in tho scrub. "We'll make the Queen Uiver by _to-morrow... night, boys," said Nick Weston, gleefully. Brusher, my boy, you'll have to camp down at tho Gut to-nigbt "and see the logs through. Wo can't afford to have any strandod in the backwater, like last year." Brusher muttered a sulky assent, and cursed in tones that wore subdued, till the boss was ont of hearing. About a couplo of miles below where tho main portion of the tirnbor had boen cut lay tho "Gut," a nasty pinch where the river was ' narrowed for a hundred, yards of easy-sloping rapid. The basalt reefs that jutted out on either side had as friendly assistance in presenting obstacles to the river flow two rocks in .the midstream. There had been a .blind bywash to tho side of one of tho rocks,' and many a log got strandod on it in flood time for want pf a friendly hand to guide it out. Brusher was displeased at his orders, but they wore indisputable, for Weston bael -a heavy hand. A hard day, followed by a hard night in tho wet, and a hard tramp to the Queen on the morrow, were not the most alluring of prospecta. There was one little point of brightness. Fresh stores had come up from tho Queen that day, and among them a surreptitious bottle of whiskey, to obtain which Brushor had bargained long and manoeuvred cautiously for fear of incurring Weston's displeasure -&No; mother ever carried her babe moro tenderly than "Brusher bore his precious burdon along the rough tracie to tho . Gut, shielding it from spreading bough and from tho mosH-decked boulder that set pitfalls for his feet. No murmur of the torrent seemed to him so musical as the pop of tho cork, no aroma of forest leaves to equal tho bouquet of the liberated spirit. Ono sip, and Nirvana lay but a stoncthrow awaç. While the rest of tho camp slept in tho lullaby of tho King's wild roar, Brushor kept drunken vigil, watching tho logs slide by liko pale ghosts in tho glints of ivory moonlight that showed through tho crevices of tho clouds. And then he slept a sleep in which thero was neither foiling of timber or.hauling of logs. His dreams wore not disturbed by tho fact that a mighty baulk of timber had sidled down tho Gut, and now lay athwart tho two Tocks, .bocking up tho stream and binding together in a formidable barrier tho logs which carno riding down with the current. Log after log joined . its forces with tho big heap, through which tho water eddied and foamed ragofully. By daybreak Weston was down at . tho Gut, and realised tho meaning of tho sight some few seconds lator. "Whore is Mathows?" ho queried angrily. Brusher, hardly free from bia stupor, signified his presence by . (Continuation on Itirioínmñ.) , .. an answering growl, HR he cam« forward from under the myrtle which had served as his night's shelter. "How the devil was I to know the logs 'ud jam, an' how was I to ston "em if they did ?" ho offered as excuse Nick Weston was very angry. There were a few sharp blows given and received, and after Brusher went down a_ second time he showed no inclination to rise. "Lio there, you swine, and starve. You can get your next tucker at the Queen," said Weston, as he walked down to tho river. It was not long before the camp were straining their muscles in an attempt to start the timber. One by one logs were levered out and rolled into the current, but the. pile stood firm. Bight in the centre had the single log been pined across the two rocks, and no power at their com- mand could open the jam. It was possible to cut through the log, but it was also easy to see that the wife of the man who chopped last would be a widow that night. Weston plied his axe till ho too bogan to think of one that watched and' waited for him down at the port, and then ho stopped. "We'll wait and see if she don't get up a bit. If she-don't-" and he "looked at the Frenchman's Cap standing out clear and distinct, and he went on chopping. : The King rose no more that day, the marking-peg showed a six-inch drop since morning. When once the water began to fall, tho full stream' would vanish, as it had come. They laboured painfully till past mid-day, and then wont back, to camp for tucker. "Brusher looked moodily on, and made no answer to the parting curses heaped upon him by his mates. It was a scanty and miserable meal, and there was a quick return to tho "jam." Brusher was perched on the binding-log, plying bis axo to the tune of a song, which his mates heard ever and anon, in the lull of the river's roar " Then swing the axe, an' sling- the uxe, An' make the splinters liv ; What matter if our lifo be hurd, What mutter how wo die ¡ We live the life that best wo love,. An' when woe've had our way " Danni, it, she's shifting, boys. . . . " An' when we've hod our tiny. Those loft behind will not forget, Thelr.çoinrnde from the Bay." '.' Come back, : you fool," cried Weston, but . his . warning was unheeded or unheard. ,' On went' tho old coastal ditty to its .accompaniment..of flying chips, " Chorus boys-?. - "Then'Blirig the axe, an' swing tho nxc, An' innke . .. . ". ." There" was a crack like a pistol-shot as. the '"-centre log- parted, audible above the rest, of the waters. Two logs gripped Matthews by tho legs ns ho sought'to spring backwards, then a great pile of timber turned end over7 ând^the, rest was foam mid thunder, as. tho logs shifted nm) jogged their way through the Gut. They found his body two days later, half-a-dozen miles below, in a crevice of the rocks, and they gave him Christian burial in the cemetery on the hillside.-Atisirdlaaian. Country Lifo for Poor Boys. A correspondent "Patriot" writing in tho Herald advocates .the_ estab- lishment of a country institution for poor boys. Ho says : - A boy is reared under unfortunate circum- stances in Sydney. At S he is n bright little chap with no moro vice .than most of his age; at 8 ho too often is a lying little' vagrant ; at 12 ho can smoke cigarc'tte'sVtb row stones, steal, and swear most abominably: at 15 he is a dangerous and useless individual, who knows very little of anything good, even if ho were inclined to worl¿ As a colonist bc is quito without resources ; cnn neither rielo, a.horse nor milk a. cow. lie would scarcely know wheat from thistles ; ho really knows little of the land ? he . lives in or how to use it. Allow ono such to split some wood and .he will break tho axe-luuullc; get. him to dig tho garden, you will Und dioico plants cut out ns rubbish, and vory likely weeds carefully hilled up. On tho 'Other hand, take a poor country lad. At 5 he is much thc snmo as tho first ; at 8 a hardy useful boy, able to ride a horse, get wood, and mind the stock ; at 12 lie is still more useful, and, far from city vices, he learns about tho trees, tho planta the soil, the cattle, and poultry every day. At 15 he can uso a plough, nil axo, or a spade, and has a good iden of work necessary to country life. If ho como to town he seldom fails lo find some work he can do. Havo we not miles of churchy mid school lands or Crown hinds idle. My plan is this, take a block of such lands, give it a respectable name, soy "National farm." lt should be miles away from largo towns, of consider- able aroa, and with a good water supply. On this largo tents or rougli buildings could bo erected to accom- modate say, 100 boys, for a start They would need horses to ride and cows to milk, light uxes, spades, and hoes to work with. With these, undor proper nianngemont, they should bo taugh.t to ,do nil necessary work. They would soon ninku l'em'OS and cow- hails, ns many country boys of ld and 15 have to do. They would soon clear plots for vegetables mid " ground for. football and crick ct In a short time they would bo growing enough vegetables, getting oiioußlj milk, making enough butter, nu'1 rearing enough poultry, pigs, cnttw« otc, to supply tho establishment, or even send to market. In tiinÇ orchards Could lie planted, rond* cut, and tho placo beautified «'¡tl1 ornamental trees from tho Stilt« nursories. What a glorious pin1'0, for a poor boy who only wants a kin1' word said and something to do I" koop him from becoming a nuisnneo 