I'INCII gYCE x aIIT8. Not long belore leaving Victoria, Governor Hopetoun advanced a con siderable sum of money on mortgage to a Gippsland farmer widely known for his industry and his experiments in agriculture. There is a whisper abroad that one big Victorian squatter has had to borrow half-a-million from Q. Million aire Tyson to carry him over his financial embarrassments. Another honorary justice shock. A newly.created. N. S. Wales J.P. was " doing" gaol when his name appeared in the honour list. On the principle that .experience -makes perfect, that J,.P. should be a distinct success on the beakery. Sir William Clarke has refused to accept the monetary testimonial which the Victorian Masons were raising to do him honour. At his suggestion the cash will be devoted to founding a Clarke Cottage in connection with the Masonic charitable institutio'n. In the Mount. Lyell share case Mrs Dixon, wife of the plaintiff, was very happy in her cross-examination. " Did your husband send you any love-letters when courting you 1" asked the quiz zical Q.C., who couldn't believe Dixon's statemenr t that he could neither read or write. "Ah, I got the best of all love letters," she sweetly replied; " a good marriage settlement." That compen sates for a lot of illiteracy. Ex-Government Astronomer Ellery, who, by the way, is still practically doing the Observatory work for the State, tells some curious stories of his scientific experiences. On one occasion during the great flood of 1891, hie got a telegram froim a country farmer as follows :-" Stop rain at once. Got 5ft. water in fields. Action for damages if action not taken within 24 hours. Reply paid." Ellry replied : " Rain stops within 12 hours, D.V." And it did. Robert Ganthony, the well-known English entertainer, once very kindly gave a performance to amuse the inmates of a lunatic asylum. After he had finished his brilliant monologue entertainment lie asked one of the patients - a woman (1) - what she thought of it. " I think, was the on expected reply, " that it is a mystery to me why I should be kept here whilst you are allowed to run round loose." Ganthony sought no more critical opinions from his audience. Wallace Brownlow soon got tired of gold hunting in Gippaland, and is war bling again with the Royal Comic Opera Company. The ghost doesn't walk so regularly on a mining field as with Williamson and Musgrove. Wal lace, however, succeeded in " bottoming on the wash." He backed into a tub full of soap suds on washing day in the back yard of a ''armbo public-house. Kaiser Wilhelm tries to make a show of liking the English, but fails miser ably. At heart he sincerely hates them, and the feeling is returned with interest, although the British sentiment is spiced with ridicule. The Kaiser blames his withered hand and iseased ear on his Guelphic connection, but that won't wash. He comes of queer stock the other way, and dates back to the Emperor Paul of Russia, who perhaps had more diseases to the square inch than any other monarch that has ever lived. Tas. Premier Braddon is not above retailing an incident that cuts against himself. He was prosecuting a noted burglar at the Hobart Supreme Court. The accused, with much cleverness, conducted his own defence, and in the course of his address on the evidence referred to Braddon as " my learned friend." " I object to this imper. tinence," indignantly interjected coun sel. The judge took accused to task for his expression. " I beg the gentle. man's pardon," was his courteous reply, "an' it it is agreeable to your Honour I withdraw the word 'learned.' " Phil May tells his friends a story against himself. One morning, visit ing Covent Garden in quest of types, he struck a brawny, characteristic coster, just the thing he wanted, and pulling out his sketch book jotted down the man, as he thought, most successfully. Presently he was inter rupted by his model, who pulled down May's hand, ejaculating: " Say gov'ner. or you drorin' me, cos if yer are I'll sltouch yer." "No, no," said May ; " oh, dear no, my friend, I was sketch ing another fellow altogether." " Let's see," said the coster, dubiously. Phil. showed the picture in fear anr tremb ling, and the coster examined it care fully. "Oh that's all right," he said ; but it's a good job for you it weren't me." Apropos of the custom of administer ing the oath to Chinese by causing them to blow nut a match. De Courcy Ireland, the barrister and son of the old-time noted legal wit, relates an experience he had in an-up-country court. An emaciated Celestialstepped into the witness.box, but the clerk of courts hadn't a match for the oath business. Ireland came to the rescue with a large fusee, and when it was lighted the whole concentrated !ung power of John Chinaman was unsuflli cient to extinguish the fldame. " All lie I all lie 1" said John weakly, " get 'em blandy, me blow then." A neighbouring pub. supplied the liquor and when the alien had got it off he was able to raise the necessary breath to blow out a vests. Besides, he was so elated with the brandy that he turned off evidenea that gave frelanId's client an easy win. A Court of Insolvency is to be held at WValhalla, to take effect from slet July next. 