i'ARNS OFJffi 0 m . The Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate. A CRT OF "STAND FBOX UNDUE!" HUB SUM Sailors Wbo Blade aa Unholy Compact with Ettaa, ud How fits Brightest of the Lot Outwitted Hi» Satanio Majesty. The first of the yarns here set out was told on chipboard by a tar of the name of King, wbo said that once on a time be shipped on die good ship Josie G on by from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather all tba way, bat the "gofngB on" on that vessel were something awful, according to King. The first thing of a mysterious nature tbat happened was known to King only and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was about to Bound "eight bells." King was frightened, of course, but be couldn't get any one to believe bis story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifuUy 0 A fortnight later, however, tbey all saw something terrible, and the first Jtate lost bis life. The story in detail In the tar's •wn words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution runs as follows: "It was near tbe line. The Bea was as smooth as a duck pond. Emr ragjLasnysi? lll ~r'*B " Hum -was iS'TBBty them from flapping. All on a sodden, jurf; •a I waa pwwang under the mainyard, •omebody up aloft sung out, *On deck there, stand from under I' The second mate bad tbe watch and asked me who that was •loft. X told him I did. not know, and be sent me up to see about it. I went, thinking some o' the bojB was putting np a job on me and bad gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Up I west to tbe znaintop, but I could find nobody. I come down the ratlines four at a tuna Howl ever got down without falling is more'n I can tell, 'cause I was that skeered I couldn't stop to tbink how I dun it. We woke the watch. The second mate and everybody (me excepted, tor one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and tbey didn't find nothing either. That kinder put tbem a-thinking, 'cause the mate swore be heard the same thing I did. Well, all next day both watches were cussing and discussing tbat slngoiffc aloft, and tbe next night tbe port watA were laying for something too. Just exactly at tbe same time o' night that same thing sung out, *On deck there, stand from under!' They searched aloft, but found no more'n what we did. Tbat tbin$ happened every night at tbe same time for nigh two weeks. By and by the first mutm, a big, double jointed Swede, said be would And out about what it was or join tbe goonies trying. So tbe next night, just at the right time, all the watch were huddled together under the break o' tbe poop &-li»- tening, and tbe same lonesome, skeert voice sung out, 'On deck there, stand from underl* The men were too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mate was njighty nigh as bad, but he kinder squared hisseif and roared out as loud as he could bawl: 'Let go, you son of a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, you lubber, and exercise your lungs!' "Mates, I'm not given to lying, as yon all know, and I ain't going to lie now, but so help my rheumatic bones if tbat thing didn't let go, and I thought tbat every spar on the mainmast had carried away at one time. Rattlety—bang—whiz— —whoop—and there struck on deck right side of that first mate a coffin just his eiz*. We tan up to bim just in time to seethe coffin scoop him in and jump right over tbe side, first mate and all, nor did we ever catch Bight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on tbat trip though." When King had finished this story there was general incredulity, and an&tiier; sailor named Bednarskywas asked for a yarn. He told of three sailors (brothers) wbo were left without money in London. "One morning,said Bednaxsky, "all of them were strolling down the street arm 1a arm wishing tor a few cents to get an eye opener, having swollen beads from previous rapid existence. They came upon s nicely dressed man of middle age wbo accosted tbem, and after he bad learned of their condition told tbem be was tbe devil, and tbat be could and would supply them afi the money they wanted under one condition, which be explained as follows: " 'You may have all tbe money you earn. possibly dispose of. Put your hand In your pocket as often as you like for any amount, and It will always be there. AM the end of three years, however, I demand your soul; but even then If any one of yoa can wish me to do anything which X cannot perform you shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, andimm» diately they were abounding In wealth, phall I describe how that three years was spent! No, but suffice it to say that every possible luxury tbat money could obtain was indulged In. The three years flew by like a single day. Tbe donor kept a strict account, however, and upon tbe proper day be called on the three brothers for an nocounting. The first asked for the creation of a full tigged ship and was gratified. The second that massive mansion be annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of conn*. "The third and youngest brother still bald to Ms roaming life upon tbe sea, and at tbe expiration of the third year was <m a pleasure trip in m magntftrrnt yacht far out ataea. Be-wsanotouJtof reatfacf tbe evfl mmIdhT^II*'called tbe (mmLekluill had a pomp rigged wmidnhlpB, with thesufr tton pipe over one side of tihn Ttrarl nail Qa dtseuzgBptpe over the other, and demanded the devil to pump all the water from one aide ot the ship over to the other side. The devil looked puzzled, scratched bis bead and vanished—outwitted. "That man is still sailing in his yad^ enjoying tbe Immense wealth be got through the evil spirit." Atxmt that time the officer of the deck appeared and passed the word, "Stand by your hammocks," and all bands adjourned sine die. THE KVIL OSE AT BEA. 