THE MURCHISON GOLDFIELDS. TO THE EDITOB, [From the Quecnslander.] Sir—As there arc a large number of miners leaving Queensland for here, just a few lines on the state of the labor market will not be out of place. Just after the Christmas holidays last month (February) there was a general rush of mineowners to the warden's oourt, making applications for exemption, the result being that one-half the cbims are hungup, or only working half-handed Out of all the batteries in and about Cue, representing 100 stampers, only two batteries of ten head each are working anything like regularly—namely, the Lady Mary and the Cue public battery. You, eir, will agree with me that it is a poor look out when all the outside shows here cannot keep a ten-head battery going. Some few weeks ago an adver- tisement appeared in the local papers for 100 miners for Mount Sir Samuel, distant about 280 miles east of the Murchison. The nearest store to the place is forty or fifty miles away from it, and when men asked what they were going to do for tucker when they got there tbey were told they would have to do the best they could. That advertisement has brought wud is still bringing hundreds of men on to the field in a hopeless search for work. The road from Mullewa the head of the line to the Murchison, is packed with men coming and going looking for work. Many men are bringing their families over with them, and with not a ghost of a show of a job when they get here. It is a common thing here for a man to go to the boss asking for a job, stating that he has a wife and children at the camp, and no food to give them. Everything is very dear here, and the hospital is crowded with typhoid fever patients. Let Queensland be in ever such a bad state the working man is better off there than in any place in Western Australia, and if any of your readers have any spare cash to speculate in mines, I'd thank them to send me the passage money to get back. * They will have a better chance of getting paid baok than investing in these magnificent gold mines here.—I am, sir, &c.;, Cue, Western Australia, 6th Maroh, R. T. WHITEM. 