CHERCHEZ LES FEMMES. Gambol 'Mongst the Ghosts.; A Temperance Tale. Hardly Up to Date. We give foir warning at the ontset that persons of delicate susceptibilities ought to carefully miss this item. It really won't suit them, and they had far better study the cables, the Stock Exchange report, or the always wildly exciting news headed 44 Commercial i" How un suitable this is we may as well demon strate to anybody who doubts our bare word by saying at once that it relates to tbe adventures of a 41 Herald" represen tative who went out to look for a trio of bar-room Hebea in the tremu lous expectation of finding them as the unsophistio&ted; Trilby might have been found when ebe posed for the 41 alto gether." Finding them, moreover, with twenty-three young men associates and admirers in a leading Melbourne hotel. That is what he went to look for. Obviously, therefore, the story of that quest ought to be carefully missed. To thoBe who may persist in reading it, how ever, it is neoessary to explain why our blushing representative eet forth on such a mission, why, for a considerable part of two days, the editorial mandate to hirn was <4Cherchez lee femmesl" It happened in this way : — a very pretty story has lately gone tbe rouuoe oi reugious ana temperance circles. It was told first some weeks ago at the meeting of a religions committee. Then it bobbed up serenely, like the Duke in Olivette, at a temperance gathering, rather over & fortnight back; it was again on the tapis and made very moch of at a gathering of kindred character held daring the present week. The story was marked by much precise circum stantiality. 'Tia ever thus ! It wbb said that at44 a leading hotel" — that was the one vague feature— in & reputable city street, specifically named, three barmaids bad, offer closing hour, retired to an inner room, where, Naiad-like, attired only whatever consciousness of virtue they chanced to have handy, gave ftg exhibition of terpsichorian .skill 'in tbe interested and deeply amfored tyvujfcg men! . v ss. It will be perceived thffL something just a little out of "the ordin ary. But tbe narrators of thettory- usually added, quite gratuitously, that not only had this thing happened once, but that tbe proceedings of these young, unclothed persons were quite a common and customary practice at tbe hotel in question, and that men were wont to come Moreover, this story was produced, at each telling, for the express and particular purpose of showing what a quite excep tionally bad business hotel- keeping, as managed is this city, was. In foct, it was implied ' that Melbourne was a sort of southern edition of Fort Said. . ;'to do tli em jufitioe, the story. has dot lobhd 4oceptanoe. with the practical and |tevd-headed. neither of the ireligioM-or 4>6<fial 4 joiglnisations. Amongst than ; wse iaen cifhe world who, on hearing mie their ehotilders inicy yniritoi ta decl&red; flatiy that they did pbi believe a word of it. - and in on© case it leasts this week something very tike a irUption ooourred because, wfaenthe details yfyj-a duly marshalled before a 'dumber of fodies and gentlemen who had assembled |o discuss the tempered oe qaestioti, one gentleman was remarkably derided in denouncing the whole thing .as rubbish- Plainly, therefore, of on the one -side there were persons of little faith who re fused to believe, on the other there were some good people of both sexes who ac cepted the etory with the most facile and wonderful credulity. 'These matters being made known to us, forth went the 41 Herald" representa tive, his instructions, as we have said, hfting "Cherchea lee femmes. Find them — clothed if you can, but in any ease find them!" It was a difficult and delicate business. Yet kindly aid was afforded at this point and that, by this worthy man and the other, and the dtiuinifa ain.Ti fmll.n'ilia.IDtBn.ltlrfl B.H it proved to be, was traoed to its source. Now note the facts of the case : To begin with, far from the story being founded on a current event, the only discoverable foundation is a piece of anoient history. This shudder - provoking narrative was apparently first told by a publican to a well-known city man and temperance worker eome 44two or three years ago "—for that is the nearest to definiteuess -that could be got- The original teller, please note ! also, was; when he spoke, referring to a then for antecedent period; therefore whether the event — if event there ever was— happened a Ins tram or a decade or more ago is by no means certain. There is .no available evidence on the point. 'All that can be ascertained is that 41 two or three yers " ago a publican, whose name is furnished to us, told the tem perance worker that at a hotel in the city tne inaeoorous penormance indi cated above actually took place — once only, however, and on the oocasion of a great orgiel This seems to be a suitable place to work in tbe observation that although it may be true that a rolling stone gathers no moss, it is highly liable to gather other exoreBcences. The succes sive developments of the belated narra tive under notice triumphantly prove that. The revival of the story and its adaptation to the day in which we live are merely evidenoe of how easily, with what unconscious ingenuity, an un- oertainfigment of the past may be made to do duty as a fact of tbe present. Of how, also, people who would regard the idea of telling a lie with quite Washing- Ionian scorn occasionally lend themselves to the dissemination of what are mere fictions. May we venture here to dogmatise thus : — Wild and whirling words are never helpful, but often mischievous. How ever mnch opinions may differ as to methods, earnest, honest work in the cause of social reform always commands respect, but truth is 6acred and above all! These Naiads of wine spring and ale fountain have not been fonnd, nor will they be. They are mere elusive away, and we advise our temperanoe friends not to worrv their heads anv more about them.— The 44 Herald," 80th May. 