' ' . ' " 'THE ' v Professor's Experiment. v , WOW' FIRST. JP.UBLISHED. - f i By Mrs. Hungerford, z Author of "Molly Bawn," '.'Lady Branks-. more," "ThoDuohess,"'" A Bom Coquette,'/" Tho Rod House Mystery,?? &o.; - all queensland eioiit8 eesenved. . (SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. .Chapiojhs I. and II.— A; professor of modi- cine is sitting with a young friend of his, Paul AVyndhnm, a barrister, discussing tho .. merits ot n drug ho has invonted wldoh pro- duces a sloop resembling death ; a ' resem blance, the professor olaims, 01111, nccordihi! to tlio dose, bo made to last for a day, a wook, or u year, He wishes for soino liumun being on which to experiment. At this junetnro a poor, forlorn young lady ia carried out of the . street into the liouse. Sho is anxiouH for death, and at tlio suggestion of the pvofeszor sho takes tho drug, lie promising to provide for her future whon sho awakes. The cloak strikes tlio midnight hour ns sho takes the draught. ' . Chapters III. to V. — The girl assuming the guise of death for over, six hours, tlio time allotted, and not waking, AVyndhnm and the professor uro appalled at the result, the latter fainting at tho thought that she is dead. Tlio girl recovers, but tlio professor is too ill to toko udvuntuge of the glad nows and dies, telling AVyndhum to allow lior £300 li ycar out of the fortune which lie lms left him. Tlio girl is taken to tho cottage occu pied by Wyndham. CHAPTER YI. — (Continued.) . ' Mrs. Denis very seldom comes out liy nny other, ' snys Susmi. Rut she doesn't always lock it behind hor,' puts iu Hetty, who is . evi dently .beginning to enjoy herself. 'Is'ow sho loolcs tlio front guto too,' says Jtioky, triumphantly. 'It's _ perfectly thrilling,' decliires ' Dotty, tetting up imd growing openly interested. Dotty is i'rivolouH. 'A prisoner ! and a young girl! Can sho ho tho long-lost prineess of nuriufiuicy ? And imprisoned by Mr. AVyndliam! Oh, til/ terrible man.' ' Sho is of courso n friend of Mrs. Denis's,' says Susan, with tho grand air of cine who will have tlio truth at nny price, mul who is bent oil dismissing nil theories, save tho practical ono. ' It's ihu most natural thing in tho world. \Yo all know Mr. Wyndham told hor ho wouldn't come down for n month or two, and so sho is ontortuining a nioeo, or a cousin, or something.' ' Sho isn't u niccc of Mrs. Denis's, nny- way,' persists Jacky, obstinately, ' ' she,' with u hopeful, yet doubtful gla'nco ut Dotty, whoso latest idea lias struck liim, ' sho is much more like a— a princess.' Again ho looks ut Dotty, us if expecting her to bring him through this difficulty of hor own making, but Dotty foils liiui, its she fails most people. 'After all I dismiss the romantic clement, ' says sho, nursing hor knees mid swaying herself indolently to and fro in tho warm sunshine. ' I incline now towards tho supernatural. Susan,' addressing hor elder sister with duo solemnity, ' perhaps slio is a ghost!' Ilor face thus uplifted is sufficiently liko Susan's, to lot all tlio world know they uro of kin, hut Potty's faoo, piquant, provocative, as it 'is, lacks tho charm of Susan's. Dotty is pretty," nay, perhaps " something more, for tho Darrys uro a handsome race, hut Susan — Susan is lovoly. It is useless saying hor uoso is not pure Greek, tlmt hor month wants this or that, that lior' forohoe.il is a trillo too low. Susan, whon all is said, wlion long argument lms boon used, remains what sho was before — lovoly. Tho smiling earnest lips, tho liquid oyes, tho rippling sunny lmir— all those might bo another girl's, but yet that other girl would not ho Susan.' Oh ! beauteous Susan ! with your youthful starry eyes and. tender, mirthful, timid air, I would that a brush and not (1 pen might puint you ! A ghost. Nonsense !' snys shu now contemptuously, 'But,' thoughtfully, ' what a 'queer story.' And again with a wratliful ghmco at .Tacky, 'alitor ull, 1 don't boliovc a word of it,' ' Oh ! I do. I want to,' says Potty, who rovols in sensations. ' And tho ghost development is beautiful. I'd rather soo a ghost than! any thing. As you looked, Jaelcy, did sho vanish into tlu'n air?'.. ' No ; only round tlio conior, ' snys Jacky, reluctantly. Ho would evidontly have liked the vanishing triok. 'Very disappointing. Put porhaps that's hor way of doing it. Cornors uro always so convenient.' ' If tlio gutqs tiro till locked,' snys Susun, turning suddonly 11 nuigislorial oyo upon lior brother, 'may I ask liow you saw lior.' ' Ah ! that's part of it. That,' snys Dotty, 'is whore tho fire hud brimstone cpmo in, . Thut's what makes hor a ghost. It isn't ovorybody can soo through stone walls,' suid sho, loworirig lior voibo mysteriously, ami glancing at the stiiring 5iicky, ' Sho had' evidently tlio power to turn Sirs. Denis's walls into glass ! It's ' very unlucky, ' .Tacky, for ghosts to- fall in lovu with people, mid I'm sorry to say that I' think this one has developed 'a mad fancy fob you.' ' Sho hasu't,' says Juoky, who lis now extremely pnlo. -/;_ ' Circumstances point to! it,' , snys Dotty, who is nothing if hot u/tonzo. ' And when ghosts fall in lovo they .do dreadful things to pooplb. Tilings liko this!' sho lias risen, and is .-now nd- ymicing 011 tlio stricken Jaoky with lior slender arms uplifted, and long Pugqrs pointed downwards and - arranged' liko . claws. Sho' bits taken to ! a ! soft of prancti, a liigli - stopping walk , that brings lior knees upwards and lior toos outward, and sho has worked -hor face ! oiit ot all 'recognition, in an abominable , grin. All this ,.tnkon > together provos too inuoli .ifor. .Tnoky. wlio, . his face liow visibly :palbvt doseouds precipitately upon Susan. . . .' ./, ' . . Siisan lind boon spoihg..to tho qomfort , of liur/iittlo lioiulio, and/hnd thdroforo boon; ignorant of " Dctty's flight of fancy /until tht) mb'muiit ..wlion Jacky stumbles /.somewhat .lioavily _i|gnjnst,'lior,. and /looking tip site . sees Betty's diabolical po?p. ' > ' ' .""'Potty,.' don't!' snys /sbo," glancing '.1 v vbaok' to JacltyTsifacb,'. winc&ife; indeed a , , ' , ;z mixtnrovo'f pluck > nnd aloet''imTOr.r,7r.rr e ti/t-iAYouldi'ou not warn him.,, then,' , says'i'JBptty,' roproa'chfully,' returning; libwlivor/'ltb' Iter : ordinary.' appcuriiiioo"; ' . qui! junking an aside at Donate, n pro- ' . toncw at; /shooting hhu with hoi lirst : irito " fits . of laughter. ' « Tour ?ohK Jifoky !' returning - to.': the phargo.: ' It im't for /nbthing' that gliosts' rovourthoiusolyos//It is o'nsy ' to aoo thnt this' ono lias hcr oyo on you!' ' Aho hiisn't,' says Jiiokyj ugnin, -who jn ron'jt$tet;''tiVB u / not qinrtiftl to ghosts/ / 1 And , it ! Avnsn' t through '11 glass/ Avail .'P saw/'hpr— it wns ' ho stojis dond'shof t. z : ' '/' Yes,' says Susnnt'stillBbvorbly, 'Do bo quibt, Botty, 'and lot him' "spbak. It Avas rrr-r 'C !" , . : /'- . . (Through' tho holo dn . tho wall, noar, tho gulden,' confesses Jacky,;: doggedly, but sbin'owliat'shnmo- faccdly. / 'You sob it was/ through; thb/wall, after till,' siiys Dotty, b'roakirig into a /delighted; /--laugh. t She'll / got / you. Juckyi-slio'll got you yet.' ,; ' ' ' I"'db'n't'tliink it is a voi-y nico thing to pGop through other people's yulls into .tlipir grounds,!, snys Susiiu, liaoro from th b point of view that slio is tlio oldost sistciy und.boimd to sny a word in Reason now nnd then, thnn from any fooling of . liorrqr nt the uct. All boys peep through,:?1 holes in Avails, : when lucky enougli to/find tlipm. 'How would you liko. it?' snys 'she, 'if you worofounddoing.it,' l"-./ ' But it Avnsn't'fo'und,,: ratbrts Juclcy, sulkily. ,'/.:/ /;':/;////;.:// ' Susiui,' Betty "breaks iuto tho argu ment, with'.- a A"ivneity nil' liciy oivn, ' j'ou huvp no more morality than a bat. You nro tchbhing: liim iill ivrong/'. It isn't tlio not 'being found out, Jnoky, that is of importuueo, us Susun is most eiTonodusly bciit on. impressing upon you ; it is tlio fuot of pooping in itself that makes you the,' shaking ; lior Auger at,- liim, ' miserable sinner that you are.' " " ' ' 1 ' Sinner yourself,' says Jacky, how driven to desporntiou, und tlio most un deserved impertinence. , ' I often saw you look through the hole in the: Avail yourself.' " " At this, instead of being annoyed, both Susan and Dotty give avuj- to inoxtinguisliqhlo mirth ; wheivwitli Jnoky, avIio lind perhaps hoped that his shot Avo'iild'" tiiko ciToct, prbpuros' '' onco more to miu'ch ;iiAvay.' 15 ut Dotty, mut ing a sudden grab at him, catches him by his trousers.- 'Wait awhile,'- cries slio, still shaking with laughter. 'Susan, seize liis arm. Toil us tho rest of it. "AViis she! ?' ' 1 Avon't toll you anything; and I'm sorry I told you 11 worn at all. Lot mo go, Dotty. D'ye hoar. You are tearing my brooches.' ' And you arc tearing our hearts,' says Potty, Jacky, darling/ Goon! don't- ho a cross oat, noiv, of it. AYus she -?' "Twico as pretty as you, anyway,' says Juoky, Avitli rurulcnco. 'Is tluit all ? Door girl,' suys Dotty, Avho is very hard to boat. ' ' Prettier than Susan.' ' Yes. . Lots.' ' She must ho a real princess thon, and 110 ghost. I'd like to leave a card upon hor. Perhaps you ivould: kindly push it through tlio I10I0 in tlio wuli, Jacky.' This T'is adding to tho insult, and Jacky with "'the loss of a button or t-ivo, mid serious injury to his suspenders, breaks aAvuy. . ' There uoav ! ' says ho; beginning to cry. ' Look what yon'vo (lone ; and 110 oiio to mcnd.it, aiid Aunt; Maria will ho angry, mul father Aviil gir-o mo tAVonty linos ' sobs chock liis further utterance. . . ; : Susrih rises "hurriedly, and Avitli a whispered Avord to Doi'mio, slio passes him ' on to Dotty, Avho 1 in spite of lior oai'clossncss, rocoiAxs tlio fragile littlo creature Avitli loving arms, hugging him to . hor, arid beginning to ransack licr memory -for 11 story, to toll liim such ns his soul loveth ; then Susan slipping hor arm round Jaeky's shoulders Avliispers soft comforts to him. Ho shall 001110 in noAV and do his lessons with lier,- so that iatlior shall not lio a'oxod this ca-ening, and" after dinner (the rector's family dined at two mid had high tea at seven) sho Avould take liim Avitli lior up to Crosby Park. Jaeky's recovery is sivift : liis sobs coasc, and ho graciously alloivs himself to lie kissed. To go to Crosby Park is always a joy. Tlio big, huge, hand- somo place, Avitli its. -long gardens and gluss houses, and best of all, its absentee landlord. It is indeed, quite ton yours since Georgo Crosby laid boon in tlio park, mid in all probability ton more years avoi'o likely to elapse before ho ciuuo again. Tho last accounts of him Avero from Africa, whorp, ho had had a most uuplcnsuntly near intemow Avitli a lion, but bad got' olf Avitli a Avholo skin, and 1111 othor hot quite so whole. Tho lion had come to grief. / CHAPTER YII. " Wlioi'o tiioi'o is liiystory, it is gonorally supposed that tbcro must also bo ovil." It is threo o'clock as Snsnn, with Juoky in toAV, loaves the rectory gato and gooB up tlio village towards tho hroiul road hoyond that mounts stcop- Avards to Crosby ! Park. , Ciirragholoyiio jiossossos . but ouo stroot, and a a-ory small ono, too, but ns 11 sot olf to that it tooius Avi .th interest. This morning u pig fair was hold in tho 'fair field' — a squuro muss, of bouton oatli — anything but 'fair,' and- as unliko a field as p'ossiblo, and noiv ! that tlio. (payors of tho riut'' luivo boon mercifully roinnvod, bought or .sold— tho unsightly, iatcli is coA'orod by young colts that are hoing ridden up aud doiA'n . liy thoir owners, Avitli a a-ioAV to shoAV-i ing th 0111 off; whilst in tho far part of tho field, over there, cows, sheep, and' donkeys nro changing ownors, > i /. Hero, in tho .main stroot, much lively convorsation is going on. On tho riglit; Salter, tlio hnrdiviiro hum — a a-irulont Methodist, '; avIio calls 'himsolf a' Pro-: tostimt — is, i'o tailing to, a hushod and! dollghtod" group tho voiy latest riteniiB-) tie no>ys of tho .ourato just latoly jiu-! ported,' a'n'd-.Avlio, .if a jiiost ostimntilo: man, is uiidbuhtedly abominably / ugly. 1 Short and stout and- ill-mado, poor Mi» Hnldano has'itet/proyeiVa1 wiccobs' dhioiig ! itTio. piifisli, / (Jlis ; views ziihro oxtrpnioi , riiid ,so ,ard / liis ; looks, /and .as/13otty.., most -unkindly, put : oi-dinntion lmyo: zliy/flte zbishdp of j v. tlio"'/ diocoso - as //n' : missionary to 'tW.CVnriibtd 'islands,' Avjtli a yitiAy to getting, r jd, of fiim/n'siiuickly, 11s poisibip. Hoiis %-,8dra i/triril . to '-Mr. -.Diivry, tlio: Dutjlio'liiid-te'ropliieq .tlio last ouratd" in 11 - -liiiriT, tliaiV yoiiiig mnn-- having --'ro- ,Bigiied!l»ii -pli;n;imrai?«4idtioe, 1 sanotten'td liaAdng-mntins" nt <3- ir.m-.y ;l(o ( said;/ but in roality hooauso i Sustiji 'had tbo"pyepiing' b'fifofe' i-dj obted'liim' vvitli a lippoV. ; / -" to' »ii oomxNpiti) to-morboit; ' /'"j 