Gossip. Thore was once a man who was badly afflicted with his eyes. The doctor was called in and prescribe d for him. In giving instructions to his patient the doctor said : ' Do you smoke?' 'Yes, heavily.' 'Well, you must give up smoking afc once, and I'll call back in a week. At the end of a week they were, still bad ; at the end of three weeks they were still bad. Then the doctor askeri, 'Are you sure you have given up smoking1? '' ' No,' said the patient, ' I have nofc.' ' Then,' said the medico, ' you must say good bye to your eyes.' Then the poor man heaved a deep sigh and said, ' Good bye, eyes.' Then the band played, and men who loved their pipes, sympathised with ths sick fellow. Better to be a beggar-boy with an appetite, than an old, rich man with the gout. Better to be young and strong and able to enjoy your pipe, than to be old and wise and unable to smoke. Better be — . but that's enough. The men who smoke can fill in the rest, and the folks who don't smoke, can't under stand. Dear gossips, excuse me for knock ing off a minute to have a yarn. If ncbody but the people in the bush read this page, I'd tell you lots of little yarns about what I think and feel and do, but you can't keep other people from reading it, and I don't want to take all the world into my confidence! If we put a big notice ou top of this page, ' For bush people only,' you'd have all the resb reading it, and that's just what we don't want. That's the feeling I have, and I'd like to be able to get over it. Then, too, it's not easy to say what lies deepest in your heart, when you know you'll meet some chap in town some day who'll say, 'Hello, ? Gossip.' ' There's very few of us wear our hearts on our sleeves, and we don't like to let people know, exactly what we think, do we? I tell you it's awfully hard to be honest in this world. It's just as Omar Khayyam, the Persian poet said — ' 'Tia but a clay we sojourn here below, And all the gain we get is grief and woe, And then, leaving life's riddleB all unsolved And burdened with regrets, we have to go.' I know a man in Sydney that I always looked upon as a man with no sorrow. He was a Bohemian chap, clever, big-hearted, easy-going aud tolerant. Perhaps he was ;i bib too thoughtful for a real Bohemian, because sometimes when I'd meet him he'd look very serious ; but as soon as he saw me the clouds would flee away, and the genial soul .would shine through his eyes. Occasionally we'd adjourn to a restful place for a little spiritual refreshment and have a quiet smoke and a yarn, and we'd enjoy it, too. You see, when every body is liable to read this page you don't like to say things of that sort, for if you're a writer you've got to pretend to be better than common people. But you know me now, dear gossips, don't you 1 You know I'm only human and made of clay, and just like the rest of the crowd, don't you? Still, you don't like saying things too loud out, for fear of the fellows who are not in sympathy with us. 'Well, one day recently I met my friend, and we had a pleasant little spell, and were just parting, when he dropped a word or two that gave me pause. His life was not a happy one. His pleasant smile but hid a sad heart ; his genial ways covered a weary spirit and a broken life, Then we come back to the old, old story, can you read your neighbor's heart? Do you know the people you rub shoulders with every day ? Ah, boys, every heart has its own bitter ness ; every life has its own shadow ; every cupboard has its own skeleton. We say things like that, all of us, but we don't realise them. We think we mean them and understand them, but we don't. Some day, riding back from the service at a graveside, we catch a glimpse of a laughing face, and wo wonder how the world can laugh when our sunshine has faded. Yet, oftimes, men aud women can say, and say truly, ' Death is a sweet sorrow compared to my woe.' When my friend spoke I realised with a crushing force how little I knew of his life. A cruel, horrible disease was eating his life out. I cannot tell you, gossips, dear, how I came to under stand the nature of that disease, because of the reason I gave you before, but I knew I could cure him, if he were willing to pay the penalty, and to endure the privations that must come. I said to him that a Life under such conditions is not worth living,' and he moaned bitterly, ' No, indeed.' My friend was willing to do all chut was necessary, except to give up his pipe and tobacco ; it was very nearly, — ' Good-bye, eyes.' Life is hardly worth living to some men if they can'b smoke and drink ; yet life is sweet and pleasant unto each when it comes to a clinch. Said 1, 'You can'b get better if you smoke and drink.'' Said he, 'It's all very well for you to talk, but you can't realise how much it means to me.' Then remembered I a great man, whose name was Paul, who, on a certain time, said, ' Where fore, if meat make my brother to offend I will eat no flesh while the world staudeth, lest I make my brother to offend.' That seemed a high standard to reach to ; but I said, ' Friend, if you will give it all up I will also.' Then he looked me straight in the eye, and after a brief pause he took my hand and said, 'So be it.' And now I'm just thinking what a fool I've been through the weary years. I had no idea that there was so much pleasure to be had out of a simple Pauline aefc. I smoked too much to be good for me. You could hardly see across my office sometimes for smoke. Now, I'm saying to myself — ' Tobacco is a noxious weed, It was the devil sowed the seed ; It drains the pocket, soils the clothes, And makes a chimney of the nose.' My opinion is that it's easier to give up both smoking and drinking, rather tliau one of them. I know a man in the bush who gets to town and saygj ''Now I'm going to keep straight; only two whiskies today.' But the first whisky weakens his resolution, and the second washes ib all awayj and when he gets home he see^ two trees. where only one grows. ' A man who does a thing like that over and over again has less sense than a horse, or a dingo, but there's a lot of men keep on at it. Some of us can take a refresher at times, and leave it alone when it's likely to get to be the boss ; bub a chap who can't do that should give it best entirely. That's why T think the only safe way is to chuck it altogether. But if you hang on to smoking you must have a drink — at least, most of us must, and if you hang on to whisky you're sure to smoke if you know the way, so if you're going to reform you've got to do it solidly. ^ Did you ever hear of a boy whist ling as he walked down a dark road at nighb to keep the ghosts away ? Well, I expect that's me ! I'm trying to screw up my courage to stand by what I know is the right thing. But I'm a poor, weak sinner, and I've written this to pin my resolutions down and take you into my confidence, gossips, dear. Will any of you boys come and join me 1 Will you chip in and hold my hand while I walk with out a smoke, or a ' nip,' eh 1 I would not say thia only I've found out thab so many of you are human and kindly and helpful, and I wanb to do the square thing myself. What do you say— ' Of your gladness lend a gleam Unto souls that shiver ; Show them how dark sorrow's stream Blends with hope's bright river.' 