A QUAINT ENTAN GLEMENT. There was a delightful perfume lu the room, and l'or a few minutes Mi. Ovey fancied that the operation liua been fatal, that, contrary to his ex- pectations and the opinion oi in frionds, lie had passed from this earth. Even his glance with half-opened eyes at the pretty nurse did not destroy tins fancy, for she might well have been an angel — if angels have ruddy golden hair, big forget-me-not eyes, clear, co lourless skin, and coquettish white caps. A moment later lie saw the loot of the bedstead and gave a sigh. Nurse Greenlialgli— Hetty Green- halgh— jumped up. "Ok, I'm so glad!" she said in an eager whisper; "it was a splendid suc cess, and you'll soon ho as sound as a roach. It was a most elegant opera tion." Mr. Ovoy sighed again— a happy sigh. "And I'm really alive and going to get well?" " , "Rather! You will be out and about In no time." . "How jolly," he said. Its a jolly tiling to be alive."- They botli laughed quietly. . "What a lovely scent," ho said. "Yes, she answered, "it conies from the flowers. What friends you must have. We've enough fruit and flowers to stock Covent Garden with." A contented smile, with a gloss of vanity on it, played on Ills white face— a face handsome In cut and feature, kindly in expression, with a suggestion of weakness in the' mouth that was slightly blurred by age— early middle age. "One doesn't know-how many friends One has, of how' few; till something se rious happens." She nodded. "But, oh," she remark ed, "I'm afraid that you've beeu a ter- l'ible flirt." "No, I protest." : i ,fHxisli! You must not tire yourself. .Goto sleep." ' ' The nurse crime to 'tne head of tho bed, rearranged tlio .pillows' gently, poured something into a glass rind gave It to 1dm, smiled prettily at liim, and he went to sleep immediately. She stood still for a while looking at liispleasnnt face, and then crept it way. Iler arm as she passed n table grazed a splendid Martin-ware jar that held some lovely roses;. she frowned, yet certainly she was not hurt in the least. I-Ierhort Ovey slept like a judge on a. Bummer afternoon; ho- did not awaken till next morning. . , , . "Are there any "letters?" he said to Nurse Greenlialgli when lie had finish ed libs breakfast, before which his man had managed a sort or.picnic toilet for liim. "Oh, a lot," she answered, "and all from ladies! Oil you 1 But doctor said you were to sec' no lettei'S; till fur ther orders." . "It doesn't matter; they're only po- Inquirios of no importance." > Miss Hetty smiled, then with a little frown said: "More fruit and ' flowers have come — see here." She handed liim a buncli of splendid lilies. He glanced at the cord attached- to it by a .white silk ribbon. On it was written,. "With ardent hopes for a speedy, reco-- very. — From Mary." "Who is Mary?" lie asked. "I don't, know."' "I am sure I don't;" replied tlie nurse rather tartly. "Look at tlio baek.ol' the card— see: 'Stonewall Cottage, .-.Wcy- bridge.' " ,, . "Why, it's Mrs.. Bower.'! - "Then she's called hero three times and wanted to come up and see you,", said Hetty, "and said she'd, a right to." , "Oh, bother the woman!" answered the invalid. "Look at these wall-flowers. and for get-me-nots, "With Kate's kindest .Wishes.— From Ridgmount Mansions.' " " That's Miss Hemming, . Has Ehc " . . , "Oh yes, she's called. There s a flock of tliom— - Miss -Campbell, Miss Goring, Miss Sxnytlie, Miss Johnson, as well as your widow n ml .Kate— and I've had sncli trouble;'- and two --of tliem came together niuV glared at one nno- . tlier; and tliey tried to bribe John to show .thorn up here; a.iid one of them, a girl with towzled lialr, - was awfully, rude, and'f offered , me— — But, good gracious! what's the matter?" I-Ie looked its if lie had just seen a ghost, -or a whole shoal of gliosis. "Groat Scott!" lie gasped. "The letters!" , , " , . . "The letters! What' letters?" ' '"Tlie letters I- wrote. Ring for John." 1 "Oahn yourself," she said as she rang; "calm yourself." "You don't know. It's too fear ful." . ' ' " John entered. , "Here, John, tlic six letters I wrote just before the operation and told you not to post unless I— unless -it went wrong." "Yes, sir" "Don't say yes, sir, you idiot! Where are they?" ft01i," interrupted the nurse, "I saw some letters on the desk I thought they'd be forgotten, and , posted Ihoin." "Merciful heavens!" gronued the pa tient, "you've ruined pio!" and lie /fell back fainting. ' # # Herbert Ovey was one of tlie;lucky children 'of fortune. Ins father was- a builder, with an average knowledge of building, .arid had as partner -a -brother gifted with, a genius for lluunce: By daring speculation In laud in the city, and ingenious, almost, rash, manoeu vring ol' other people's capital, they hail built a magnificent collection of warehouses, sold the ground rents, paid off the mortgages, and' realised a large fortune, Ills share of which he invested very soundly in house pro perty in a rapidly growing Suburb. I-Ie.rbert, an- only child, had been brought up luxuriously, and after a fairly successful career at Eton and Cambridge became an idle member of tlie Bar— not absolutely idle, for ho got a small rating practice owing to his -father's constant lights with the as sessment committees. The fortune came to Herbert when lie was thirty, find during the next. nine years he. pass ed -a pleasant life, spending liis ten thousand a year in travelling, hunting, fishing, buying bibelots mid -pictures. Society, inthepopuhir sense of the term, ho avoided on account or tlie husband- lmntiiig tactics of mothers and (laugh- iers, for lie held matrimony in horror since he -had .'noticed how little happi ness his father had got o.ut of tho life hi which the "poor old boy" was cru elly henpecked. Yet when Herbert was approaching Ills forty-first birthday he began to feel lonely, to wonder whether after all it was not worth while to run a risk of getting- a bad wife in tne .chance of sc ouring a bad one. So lie took a house In. Park Lane, and soon had abundant opportunity of studying the girls and women likely -to accept a charming, well-educated, interesting mail and ten thousand, a year. Most of them fell out of tho niuning quickly; the residue were the liall'-doz'eii already mentioned. The odds were from about two to one against the widow to ton to one against Miss Campbell. Certainly tlie widow was very dangerous, and upon two oc casions, hut for an Interruption, Her bert would have proposed to lier. In each case, after tlie danger liad passed, he felt Uncertain whether he was glad or sorry. It cannot ho .suggested that ho wns'lii love with all of them; but liis loneliucss and want of human interest in life preyed upon liim, and every one of the -six had some cliarm or quality that appealed to liim. Fortunately tliey belonged to differ ent sots. I-Ic was considered a flirt in the literary circles where he met Miss Hemming; in the artistic where Miss Smytlie was famous; in tlie sporting of which Miss Goring was a leader; In the politico-economical over which Miss Johnson reigned; in the. simply aristo cratic, dear "to Miss Campbell; and in the theatrical, which considered Mrs. Bower a star.- Yet none of liis pur suers knew of a rival out of her own circle. Matters jogged along, liis danger growing greater every day, till suddenly ids illness declared itself. It 'Is need less to give any' details of the malady which threatened liis life and led the profession, after discussion, to decide that he must undergo a severe opera tion. Tlie family physician told liim that, though tlie chances were in ids favour, lie ought to make Ids will. Tlie day before tlie operation lie sent for ids solicitor, and asked liim to add a codicil to a will already made, as he wished to leave a thousand to an old schoolfellow. AVlien the lawyer asked if there were any more legacies lie became thought ful. He knew that Mrs. Bower would be disappointed if lie died, and also that she was not rich. He felt too that perhaps she might think lie. had trilled with her, so she' said, "Put Mrs; Bower down for two thousand, free of legacy duty." "Any other?" inquired the solicitor. Tlie thought of Miss Hemming crime into ills mind, then that of Miss Camp- liell and tlio others, consequently lie left a thousand to each of tliem. When lie was left alone Mr. Ovey began to consider seriously what he luid done. To ills nicely, sensitive feelings . there seemed something of Impertinence in tlie matter; moreover, lie suddenly remembered that each would read of the other legacies and perhaps guess the rather comical truth. He would get contempt— possibly hate —instead ol' gratitude. Then a happy thought came to him; a letter would set matters straight. I-Ie began by writing to Mrs. Bower. 1-Ie mentioned the legacy; told her. that twice he had meant to make a- proposal, but accident had stayed lilm; spoke pitifully of himself rind tlie idea of dying without haying, tasted the joys of married life, and wound up with tender hopes that she would cherish his me mory. Then came the turn of Miss Campbell; but lie was, already timl ol' the taslc-rhe hated letter-writing— so to save himself trouble lie simply copied out Mrs. Bower's letter, in tlie end he adopted the snnie course with all the others. His conscience, quickened by fear of the operation, suggested to him tlint the letters were untrue,-, but lie satisfied himself by the. thought that really he wits quite fond of them all, so lie ad dressed the envelopes, sealed up the letters; gnve- them to John, and told him not to posit. them unless he died of the operatiou. , \- »» When Mr. Ovey cairic round lie was In a lTaniic .state. He had tlie letters brought up arid read them aloud grimly. All the six trented'liis letter as ail offer ol! marriage, subject to ids recovery, and nil accepted liiiri. He burst into hysterical laughter at Hie Idea of being- engaged six deep; -declared lie would take the Jot to Utah arid 'marry them, and he suggested sarcastically that tlie jiul'se should join the party, as one more or less would make no differ ence.. He made, the poor girl cry. by liis reproaches. He determined to die, and said that it. was his duty to his six fiancees to get himself buried so as not to give undue' preference to anyone. The upshot was that lie became deli rious,' and for weeks there was lini'dly lriorc than an interval oetween him and death.. , „ ' Nature; aided by the wonderful nurs ing of Hetty Groenhalgh, pulled liirn through. . When he came to his senses —a mere wreck of' a man — he found Hetty, by. the bed. She bad grown hol- low-cheeked, and her eyes, by reason of the dark lines below, seemed larger and more brillhuit than before. . For a week ho said nothing of Ills troubles, the delirium seemed to have1; 'wiped them from Ills; liiemor.v; lie lay still, gaining strength rapidly, '. imd appar- eiiiily did nothing but gaze languidly at tiio pretty nurse, to whom, however, lie l-nro l.v spoke. . A t the end of. tho time lie suddenly made' the remark— "Where are tlie flowers?" "What flowers? Oh," she said, .red dening, "they've left off sending tliem —or fruit." > ' 1-Ie looked round the room. "Oh, hut there are some pretty roses, and I've just had splendid- grapes. Wore the.v from Mrs. Bower?" » ' "No, not from any of thorn." Noticing her: blush, lie said sharply, "Did you get them?"- "Yes," she answered nervously. "Have you hired a van to hold the. letters?" - "It's linrdly necessary." "Surely," ho said, "my half-dozen bctrotheds have called . and written each day?"- "Tliey haven't called, and1 have only written once since— since that day. To tell you tlip 'truth- I think you're free." "Free!" lie said eagerly. Ho noted that she- blushed again, and strange vague thoughts passed though his mi rid. , "Yes, free." . "But how?" "I mustn't tell you yet." "But I will know." "Oh, no, wait till you are stronger." John entered the room. "John, why do you walk like -a func-: ral mute? What's the matter?"- - "Don't toll lilm," interposed Hetty. "I order you. John." "Well, sir, I think lrs your ruin has drove off the" baggages— beggiug your pardon, sir." "My ruin?" Miss .Greenlialgli opened her purse, took out a newspaper cutting, arid read: "Tie II. Ovey.— a receiving or der was made to-day against I-I. Ovey. Tlio debtor is of independent means, and possessed of a large amount ol! house property. His insolvency is attributed to Stock Exchange speculations. The assets are estimated at 11200.000, the secured creditors are for J-150,000, and unsecured 11107,050 Oil, I can't go on; I'm so sorry." Tho sick man gravely said, "Bring me tl;e letters." He opened them, and road one after the other. Miss I-Iemining expressed regret that reasons, wnich she explain; ed unintelligibly and at great length, caused her to withdraw. Miss Smytlie had mistaken mere sympathy for the lo'vo, without1 which matrimony is intole rable, and felt that it would wrong him, her and another, if she parried out an engagement entered into' .through vexa tion' with' the "another," who had since been pardoned. Miss Johnson had. changed her views after vending a cer tain hovel, which she found excellent in principle if execrable ill writing, and must decline the offer of Mr. Ovey. Miss Goring was sure she could not give up hunting, and would be a use less burden as a poor man's bride. Miss Campbell's parents objected on the ground that his father had been in trade. Mrs. Bower alone came out with a bold letter, saying that she merely accepted him to give him plea sure aud comfort wlieu in danger, and of course withdrew as soou as lie was out of it. "Oh, dear!" said Air. Ovey, "to think that women are so " "Not women— some women," inter rupted tho nurse timidly. "Ilumpli!" ho replied. "A little, while ago they were all after me, aud now " "I don't think we are all so bad," she answered, with -some stress on the "we." . "You don't? Do you fancy you could name -a girl who would bo. true to a ruined man?" "No one," she responded, "unless ho told her first that lie -loved her. Yon needn't feel my pulse; I'm not your pa tient." I-Ie carefully adjusted his linger on lier wrist, and answered, "I'm curious to see how it is working. I understand 'pulses. Now if I told tlie girl that T loved her?" "Well, but yon haven't." "If I say that I have lain awake during a week gazing- at a beautiful girl who lias nursed 'me from death to life, who is sweetness, goodness and purity " "But you have not." "But. I do, Hetty. Cnn you— do you care about me?" She turned her head away. '"Tlio pulse is at fever pace," ho said. 'Tsn't that an .answer?" she asked. "If you will — I'll get a special license. We can be- married here, and then go off to the Riviera." "A special license," sno exclaimed. "Oh. the extravagance of poor peo ple!" "Poor people!— Oh, tlie newspapers," lie laughed. "That -refers to my cou sin I-Icnry, you goose!" "I am so glad I didn't know— that I was mistaken." "So am T," answered Air. Ovey.-- From "Windsor Alagnziue." 