Gossip. -' A well-known gentleman once re barked that 'the thing that hath i ,been it ia that which shall be, and S $hat which is done is that which i^lhall be done, and there is no new | ijhing under the sun. Is there any II Alllnnr TnVinrOrtf if. TY1 Q TT V-O CQirl ' PtPP I this is new ? ' It hath been already I 61 old time which was before us.' ' I'm not sure about that gentleman's ', English, but his sense is right, and it was deeply impressed on me the other day. My idea that there is no new thing under the sun is a very old idea, and it is being borne in on me more And more that there are no new ,Btories in the world ! Nor new jokes, 'nor new ideas. There have been so many people in the world before us, and they have been so clever, that . they have gone over the whole gamut of human thought. Lucretius antici r pated Darwin in his theory of evolu ': tion. Hero, the Greek,' made a i steam- engine before Christ was born. t I've seen a model of it. In some ':?{ ancient Babylonish temple there has I been found a glass lense, which proves f that the ancients knew something of % optics, and may have had telescopes ;A ahd microscopes and things of that fjkind. It makes you discouraged on \- new inventions of any kind. There was a story I once heard in Glasgow and I thought it was new. I'll tell it to you, because it was a pious, whisky-loving old Bailie who told it. The Bailies — is that the way you spell the word ? — are like our alderman, but the Glasgow chaps wore furs and cloaks and looked like as if they had pinched a lot of theatrical ' props ' when they turned out in state. When they opened the Glas gow Exhibition some years ago these shrewd Scotchmen invited all the leading newspaper m*»n of the United Kingdom to come and be the guests of the city, and report on the ex hibition. It was an expensive form of advertising, but it paid well. Every hundred pounds spent in en tertaining the pressmen brought in thousands of pounds afterwards, and it was the bravest exhibition that was ever seen in Scotland, because it was the beat advertised. There was one old Bailie who was great on telling stories. Being a pious man he told a lot that were utterly unprintable, ! for I often notice that the better a man is — or pretends to be — the worse his stories are. There was a lady once remarked in my hearing that she didn't like a minister who was too | good. She liked one ?' with the chill Itaken off' Well, this Bailie was ihot, red-hot, and here was one of his Inice stories : — 1 fe| There was a drunken old Scotch Kman who had been awakened, by a Spain in his side, to the error of his Brays. He determined to reform, and Hie went to the Kirk and began to read his long-neglected Bible. As soon as ever he began to read he got stuck up by a difficulty, and he went to the Minister to get some light on the subject, and here's what took place. He said, ' I've been thinkin' o'er my sins, and am gaun to reform.' The minister said, ' Man, Tamas, I'm rale glad to hear that, for there was sair need o't.' ' Well,' said Thomas, ' I've started readin' the Bible.' 'Weeldune, Tamas.' '' And I read that ' in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.'' 11 Aye, Taraas, thae's the words.' ' Well, what was God daein afore that?' ' Tamas,' said the holy man, ' It's no for puir folk to be speerin' ques tions like thae ; ye maun tak the book as it's written.' But Thomas was not to be put off. He had started in to think, and, like most ignorant people who make a bold adventure of that kind, he had struck a snag, and he meant to have it out, and he worried the minister until the good man grew righteously angry. When Thomas repeated his question for the twientieth time, the minister rounded on him with ' I'll tell ye what he was daein ; he was houkin' a hole they ca' hell, to put inqueesitive deevils like you in, Tamas.' Now to hear that old Bailie body tell that story, with all quips and oranks, was almost an education in itself, and it was new, I honestly believe, to every pressman there, and went the rounds of the kingdom, and thence to the uttermost ends of the earth. The word that is whispered in the United Kingdom to-day re sounds o'er all the earth on the morrow, and most of you have prob ably heard that story ere now. It seemed a good story, one that came perilously near to the point where we don'b print it ; but that is one of the things that has caused me to ponder many a time. We never print our best stories in a newspaper office. I've sat amongst a lot of journalists who told such shockingly funny stories that you cried till you were in pain, yet the next morning the paper would come out as dull and dry and proper as a thirty -year-old sermon. I'd like to own a paper wherein I could pub lish all the good stories I hear. But, then, it would have to be like some of the sensational parson sermons, ' For men only.' You scarcely ever hear of anything ' For women only,' but that's just the way our idiotic race runs its course. Anything that is good enough to tell to a man ought to be good enough to tell to a woman, and if it's not good enough to tell to the one it's not Jgood enough to tell to the other. But if I don't hang on to this yarn I won't get finished in this chapter. I'm a fair terror at talking. I never seem to know where I'm going to myself. Sometimes I seem to start a sermon and it turns out a song, and sometimes, O ghost of Burns, it turns quite the other way. Here's what I meant to get at. The other day I was reading a book and I came across that old Bailie's yarn again ; but this time it was old, very old. It was older than Saint Mungo ; it was older than the Scotch kirk itself, and I'll befc it wasn't new then ! It was Saint Augustine who got it off fireb within historic times. He was bishop of the North African Church of Hippo, about 1300 years a»o. I used to know a good deal aboub him, but I'm afraid I've forgotten most of it by now. I'd know a lot if I'd never forgotten anything. So would most of us, eh 1 It's not what we learn that makes us wise, it's what we remem ber ! Well, as I was saying some fellow bailed up the saint (he wasn't a saint then, of course, fellows are never saints till they're dead — best way, too) with the same question. That is if the Deity were from everlasting to everlasting ; what was he doing before the earth was created 1 That question smacks of the presumption of man kind, doesn't it ? I'd like to make some remarks about it, but I have gob no room. The reply wa3 Alta, inguit, scrutantibus gehennas parabat. Which stately Latin being interpreted sig nifieth the ancient version of ' He was houkin' a hole they ca' hell, to put inqueesitive deevils like you in, Tamas.' And I thought the Bailie's story was new ! I come back to the preacher who said ' there is no new thing under the sun.' 