THE UNFATHOMABLE. TOLD BY A DEEP-SEA ENGINEER, ''Hullo, Logan .' g!.id to see you've pirked up. Hive's Mr. Daniel-.-.; he's fond of paying Ur. a viMt down h''rc. I had iu.-i got into the ciuriue-vooui of the Ofc.m Monaivh. bound as'iiMi:>! ,f<.r Cap:; Town. I was the second engineer, ami had (•tunc aboard week ago .-,-a.i wly rovov.-r.-d from a low fci or. Tlii* was mv tir.-t appearance. and till- chief engineer came forward lo gre°t inc. Mr. IUnvn- ,.,„,; ,,f the passengers with whom i bail made great, friend:-, smiled. " Sea air flops Mnwdtr.-,'' slid he. " I suppose f had rn'Tier ilepan m jx-aee, as vou, too, will have pleu! v to do." "O'n, no hurry!'' said Paterson. "Yon know we sinpiHsj ,-unie fresh stokers, Logan ?" " Ye-"—two, ' I answered ; "how do you find them?"' "I have had no complaints." 3 I opened the door of the stokehole anrl looked m. Darners put hi:- head in behind me. He always said the great red eye of the fire had a fascination for him. The furnaredoor wa.s open, and one of the men was flinging on coals. The hot glare of light fell on him a.s he moved backward and forward. He looked weird—terrible, I turned back hastily to Paterson. "Who is the third man':'' I -aid. "Third man? What do yon mean ? What's the matter, Logan ; i ou are quite white? ' "There are only two men,"' said IJanvers, following me baxjk into the engine room. We heard (lie clang to of the fumiu-c-aoor. I looked from ouo to the other. I felt seared, I suppose I showed the, fee-ling, for both men seemed concerned. "Three? ' I said, in a curiously questioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. "Thompson"—that was the stoker who had lxien with us for years—" and the new men— I I don't know their faces." | "You'd better go to the doctor again," said Paterson. " I was in there five minutes liefore you came; there were only Thompson and Holker, one of the new hands, there, and nobody has gone in since." "You see double, Logan,'' said Danvers, smiling. I wa.s silent. Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stokehole and there and then settle the matter, but I had a sort of sill- inking from seeing again that .strange red figure, aud preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later it seemed probable that the others^ivere right. The fierce light might produce all manner of effects, and the third man Had certainly looked shadow3' enough to be only an optical delusion. But tho second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and again there seemed some one behind him—another man ; a film} 7 shape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There was nothing remarkable about the stoker. He n-as a quiet man, rather "close" with his mates, and therefore not much liked; but we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about me ; yet I felt strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling abaoit him. I aeked Paterson and the third engineer if they saw anything odd about the man. Nothing at all, they said. Could'nt they see, I thought, that something > always behind the stoker that wasn't a likfT-'i ness of him? Whenever I saw him, I saw it, • too—in the lnrid glare of the fire, about the lower deck and passages, in the frcsli sunshiny air — always that other man, like nomc haunting fate. Was I mad, or was eve ry one else blind* "Danvers," I said one night, as he and I were walking the deck smoking, '' do you believe in uncanny things?" " Do you mean ghosts ?" "Not exactly. I wish i-ou'd let me tell you something; only don't laugh at me." "Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things," said Danvers. " Thanks. It is about this Holker. Do you remember when I first saw lum? I told Paterson there were three men." " Yes." "There iLtre three figures! God knows whether the third was a man!" I said in a trembling voice, " It is no fancy—I have proved it to be none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged ; they are. steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape" "Whai, you Scotch call a 'wraith,'"'' said Danvers; "a warning of his death." A '' wraith" is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not m the least like Holker. " What does it mean?" I said, pausing by his side, There was a sort of despair in my heart. "Why do I alone see it? Is there something for mo to do, and I do not know what?" I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though he was silent. "It is very strange," he said, tho'ightfully. "It maybe that ycnr alone are a ghost- seer. I have read that some people never can see anything." " You do not doubt me, then?" " I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance?" " It is clear a.s day, though misty. It is a youn^ man's face. He has a white transparent complexion, like a person in bad health ; thin aristocratic features; the fair hair falls in curls over the forehead; the eyes are brown— womamsli eyes, soft and "wistful" I paused suddenly. I hoaiieen talking- as if to myself, hardly noticing Danvers; but an exclamation from him checked me. To my surprise, he had turned pale. "Should you know the face?" he said, in a hurried way. " You mean in a picture?" "Yes." "Come to my cabin," said Danvers. "We went below quickly, arid when we reached his cabin he fastened the door. He seemed excited. He unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph m my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked. I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had just described! " I see you recognise it,"' said Danvers. He sat down and covered his fa>ce, and I laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. I felt curiously calm. " Something you were to do!" said Danvers at last. "You have done it!" " How! I have done, nothing." "Yon have told me." " Told you? Yes, lx?cause I could no longer endure silence. What then?" " 111 tell you—and you must help me. I am not travelling for pleasure " "I knew that," I said, a little drylv. "Ah! You are qiuck, but you kept your counsel, so it didn't mattez". I am a detective." "What!" I said springing up; my heart was beating n-ildly. " Hush ! Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had cscaped to Africa FOme weeks ago. He is not there—he is here! ' " Holker, the stoker !" I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly regained, something of his professional quietude. " That face," he said pointing to the photograph, " is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple— a young man of moans, and an invalid who was murdered by his man-servant. Perhaps you have heard. ^ ""No. I wa^ ill—I heard nothing." " The man wa^ a trusted servant, half-nurse. The murder—a peculiarly horrible oni;, on a defenceless raaji—uis committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holker's chest. The murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will surely hang him. Now do you soe how great a service, you have unconsciously done? But for this strange interposition the murdered man would probably- never have been avenged. Our fai.se information would liave misled us, and v/hile we wasted time iu rectifying it Holker won Id ic/~ likely have been lost to us altogether." ^ ' '" I see.,"' ivas all 1 could say. "Now I have my hand on him," said the detective. "He is, of course, disguised. J will arrange a plan, in which I shall need your help to strip him t f his disguise. I will arrest him, and he. and I will lie put a_-hore, at the lii-st port we touch at ajid return to Euplanrl." "Claim my entire services," I said., "I ran hardly yet believe 1 am in mv right senses. Why v as L who knew nothing of the circumstance—who wa.s ignorant of the existence, of this Louis Temple—why was I chosen to hring this horrible crime to lighi "Ah! then- we get into the unfathomable," said the detective, " heyond me, and beyond wiser and better people than I. 1 don't sw how one can get over the facts— which is all we have, to do with." That argument did not satisfy me, though I knew I never coidd get beyond it. The strange, the awful tilings was that the next time. 1 saw Holker the, i-hn/inw wa:. gone. We made our plans, and I soon saw how necessary my aid was. 1 was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was, and the initial movement v.as to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy ourselves of his makeup. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan succeeded, and the wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man IxMore us. That was his last hour of freedom. He came to, to find himself the prisoner of the quiet passenger, Mr. Danvers- It was a terrible scene. The. man could no'„ understand how he had been discovered when the detective said he, himself had not made the discovery. In the midst of the wretch's frightful ravings we learned that, he had pur[X»sely mis»;d the ship lie. had been reported to have sailed in, and had fastened on the Oceaji Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, money—all identified as the missing property of the unfortunate Mr. Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that, we had a murderer on board. Sailors arc superstition- on tins point, —and iustlv so. f think" no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't, his re.il name, bv-the-bv) had been removed from our ship. 1\. myself, was the ,-en-ation of th.: hour, but 1 tried '.o avoid I unou- Cjue-linnrrs. There was sonn'rhuig too awesonie to me in the invstery to allow ,ne to disc IL-S it with rw.rv idle tatil. r. Wat, what 1 saw the sjiinr of ;he murdered man. silently living tor \ engeainv? 1 devoutly Ix-heie it was. But the question I had put to the detective remains imaiiswerou - wny was 1 made to play tins part? The Story got into the paper'-, and I was intei'w^vr-d bv more, s''K-nt iiio nf-n of all nationalities than 1 can remember now. It is years acru. The detective is dead. the Ocean Monarch is running her last trip. So all tilings i-nme ai-.d go. Anrl it's time I went Ix-iow and looked after my engine.-.—L. L>:.h±fcklt iu Yrn^e liUide. 