THE LATE BEY. CANON SHAW, B.A. It is bat six months ago tbat the parishioners of All Saints were called together to decide what form a memorial to their late incumbent, the Beverend Canon Shaw, should take. At the sug gestion of Mr. A. A. Dangar it was then decided that an oak reading desk be subscribed for and be Dlaced in the church, the amount of subscrip tion being limited to one shilling. No time was lost in getting the lists out, so that quickly the required amount — about £35, we believe — was collected. The order for the desk waa given to Messrs. W. B. Norman and Sons, of Maitland, who appear to have well carried out their contract. At All Saints', on Sunday, the ceromony of dedication at the morping service waa performed by his Lord ship the Bishop of Newcastlo (Dr. Stanton), who preached an impressive sermon appro priate to the occasion, taking for his text Prov. r, 7 : ' The memory of tho juBt )S blessed.' The hymns and inuBio were also entirely in accord with the day's commemoration aervise. The Eev. Mr. Chaffers Welsh,. the incum bent, presided, and the lessons were read by Mr. C. H. Digbt. The first was taken from Joshua i, 1 — 9, and the second from 2 Peter, 1, 1—10. After the Third Collect, followed by a hymn, the dedication service proceeded as follows : — The Incumbent. Reverend Father in God, — It has pleased the congregation worshipping in this Church and tho parishioners resident in this town and district, to provide a prayer deBk as a memorial of their late Incumbent, the Bev. Canon Shaw, B.A., ab a token of the afieolionate esteem in which his memory is held by all sections of the community. I make request on behalf of the congregation and parishioners that you will be pleased to dedicate thia Memorial Desk for the sacred purpose which it has been presented. The Bishop. Dearly helofed in the Lord, — This Memorial Desk suitably expresses your loving remembrance of the late Key. Canon Shaw, B.A. Through twenty years he led your common prayer in this Church, and the Prayer Desk which you have pro vided worthily bespeaks, your desire to keep fresh tho memory of his ministrations so pastoral ly ren dered aud the example of his life «o Christlanly spent. This desk will asaist you to offer united prayer ns members of the one Fanaily which in heaven and earth is named whoBe fellowship is unbroken by death. Lot us join in dedicating this momoriiil to the service of Almighty God, and pray that by hia blessing it may fulfil the. hearty desires of his servants who have provided it. Lift up your heart?. We lift thtin up unto the Lord. LST US MAX. Almighty God, with whom do live the spirits of theji that depart hence in tho Lord, we remember before Thee all Thy servants de parted thia life in Thy faith and fear, beseeching Thee r.o give us grace bo to follow their good examples that with them we may be partakers of Thy heavenly kingdom. Grant that this memorial may serve to keep alive in our minds the words Bpoken by Thy ministering servant while ho was yet with us. Now after his decease wo deaire to have these things always In remembrance. Graoiously accept thia offering for use in Thy Church. May the prnyprs of Thy pnople in this place come up before Thee as incense and the lifting up of their hands bo an evening sacrifice. Make thorn to pray with the spirit and with the under standing also. Graoioualy aaaiat Thy ministering servants whoshallofforthnprayera and supplications of Thy people from time to timo in this place, and lot tho words of their lips and tho meditations of tihoir hearts be acceptnblo In Tby sight. Pour out upon all assembling here the spirit of graou and supplication, and hear Thou from heaven. Thy dwolling place, and do for them exceeding abund antly above all that we can nak or think. Grant this, O Lord, for tho Boko of Jesus Christ, our Mediator and Redeemer, Amen. Grant, 0 Lnrd.that they whohavoglven of thoir substancu for this work in Thy Ohuroh may ovet rojolce in Thy salvation and may foel that of Thine own have they givon Thee. Rcmomber them, 0 Lord, for good according to the favour Tbou boareet unto Tby people. Amen. Grant, 0 Lord, that they who shall enter this desk to minister in holy things may boolcthcd with nghtaauHnosfl, and being ondued with tho spirit of graco and; supplication may bo enabled to offer tho prayors and praieos of Thy people with acceptance. Amen, ©rant, 0 Lord, that as this Deak in memorial of him whom Thou bast called to Thysolf from amongst ua who remain, may wo havo graoe so to rouow my oiobsoci saints in all virtuous and godly living, that wo may corno to those unspeakable joya which Thou hast prepared for them that un foignedly lovo Thoe, through Josus Christ our Lord. Amtm. Grant, O Lord that as wo are baptised into the doath of Thy blosaed Son. our.Saviour Josus Christ, bo by continual mortifying our corrupt affeotions we may be buried with hlinj and that through the irrRvo, and gate of doath, we mny pan* tn our joy ful roaurreotlon j for his morlta, who died, and was burled, and rone again for us, Thy Son JpBus Christ onr Lord. .4i-i«n. Almighty God, who through Thine only begot ten Son Jobub Christ hna ovorootno death, and oponod unto us tho goto of overrating llfo j wo humbly beseech Then, that, aB by Tbyapeoinl grace preventing us Thou dost put into our minds good doaires, so by Thy continual holp wo may brine tha same to good offoot i through Jegus Ohrltt our Lord, who Hvoth and rolgnoth with Thoe' ,aud tho Holy. Ghost, ovor ono God, world without end. Amen. Almi«hty God, who baaffivon ua grnoo at thin 'timo with ono accord to make our common nuupll oationK into ' Thee i and dost promlso tiint ivhon two or thruo arp gathered toctothiir In Thy Namn Thou wilt .grant thoir requests t fulfil now, 0 Lord; Mio desires and potltlons of Thy sorvants, an may he mnst. oxpndionb for thorn ; «rantlng us in this world knowlodun of Thy truth, and in tho world to cotno life ovm-lantlng. Amen. The grace of our Lord Jobub Ohtlor, and rho lovo of God, and tho fullowshlp of tha Holy Qhoafc, bo with ua all.evorraoro. Amen, - ? ? ? ' ? . . ? SENTHNOn, OF DSDIOAU'ION. To tho (jlory of God. Amun, Foranuiuoh aa mnmbore of this oongrouatlon and rwldoutP of this pariah havo provld'ud this Prayer )csk to bo memorial of tho ministry of tho Ikto lowyor Edward Shaw, B. A., of Lincoln Oollono, Ox bra, tor 20 years' Incumbent of this Ohuroh of All Srtfbt) n, Sliitrloron, and nomoMme Canon of tho Pro pathodral Church of Christ. Church, Nowon»tlo, I hnroKy dedicate, thin do«k for tho purpoHo of ltd donation i heartily approving Mm holing of crato ful memory which his plnaud It horp, and noin momllUK to all parishes of the diocoBo Ilka appre ciation of faithful ministry Restful in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life, we wait for the coming of our Lord Jeans Christ when them that sleep in Jesus will God bring with Him, to whom be ascribed all honour and power, now and for ever. Amen. The Bishop, accompanied by Mr. C. H. Dight( journeyed to Camberwell on Sunday afternoon, where service was held, and in the evening he de livered an admirable dtsconrsB at All Saints'. Christmas Eve.— Christmas Eve of 1896 was one of the dullest experienced here for many years. No attempts had been made to carry out decora tionB to any of the shops, and the to^n wore its ordinary humdrum aspect. The people who walked the streets in the evening formed a moat orderly crowd. There wa6 an utter absence of 'over in dulgence,' which we attribute more to the de ficiency of superfluous cash than to the advance men1; of temperance principles. Business people generally complain that the Christmas trade this year has been below the average in Singleton for many years, the general scarcity of ready cash, want of steady employment for many of our resi dents, and the exodua from this district to Wes tern Australia and elsewhere during the past year are doubtless the leading causes of this unsatisfac tory stale of thinge.J Excessive Hbat.— The period of cool weather that followed the thunderstorms at the beginning of laEt week has been succeeded by an abnormal heat wave which threatens the total destruction of growing crops and serious damage to our pastures, orchards, and gardens, shonld it csntinue for a few days longer. On Christmas Eve the weather was hot; on Christmas Day it was hotter, the ther mometer rising above a century ; but Boxing Day was a regular scorcher. From an eaily hour it became evident that the day would prove a most unpleasant one for pleasure-seekers. Before ten o'clock in the morning a hot wind commenced to blow, and continued all day, the following night, and throughout to-day (Sunday). Between 2 and 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon the mercury had run up to 110 in the shade, proving this to be by far the hottest day experienced so far this summer. The glass remained for some timo at this high reading. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon it had receded to 106 and at sun down it was just below 100. The night wob hot, and scarcely a breath of wind prevailed and tbun it was a hot westerly, a most unusual occurrence. To-day (Sunday) was just as hot as the previous day,' thathormometer again mounting up to 110. The hot wind still continued all day to-day. At the time of writing (4.30 p.m.) thatglaes tms re ceded to 107. From previous observations in former years we expect that this abnormal heat wave will be succeeded, by heavy thunderstorms and subsequent continued rains at the end of January and February. We should not be sur prised to see a high fresh or a flood in the Hunter within sir weeks. Accident, — While riding home to Tea Tree I from Sedgefleld on Boxing Day Mr. JauieB Connors met with an accident near Mr. Dmitnocks, Glondon Brook, by his horse running him against ono of the gate posts on the road. He was brought into Mr. Watson's, at Sedgefleld, and early on Sunday morning Dr. Bead was summoned, and on examina tion he found Mr. Conrora to ba sevorely bruised on the ribs. Fortttuately, no ribs were broken. He waB also cut much on the chin, necessitating several stitches being put in. It will be some time before the sufferer will be able to get about as of yore. Cbickkt.— A team from tho Singleton Crlokefc Club met a numbor of gentlemen from Sydney who aro spending their Christmas holidays here on Vic toria Square on Boxing Day, Singloton winning by 31 runs. The visitors compiled 49 (N. Dangar 17, GranVllle II). The local men knooked up SO (Bower 18 not out, S. Dight 15, M. Mathor 13, L. A. Lamb 12). For the visitors Wentworth and F. Dight obtained most wiokets, while C. Maguire, S. Dight, and.T. Power trundled best for Singltton. Sunday evening. 