TBE SOLDIER'S SECRET. OHAPrER I. Yes George Graham waB cooling I from Woolwich, and had written ask iog 10 be allowed 10 invite liis friend, Archibald Macleod, the eon of Sir Doncan Macleod, to puae a few weeks with him at bia country home. Mrs. Graham had at firal demurred, because Glare, always a tomboy from childhood, was eucb a trouble 10 her aa fine giria generally are to sedate widows who wish to see their offspring well settled in life before they die. On the day which was to bring j Mac'eod io Woodland's George re ceived a so mm ona from hia mother's brother, Oolonel S'enfortb, desiring, bim to come to his house, na be had an opportunity of introducing him to several offioers in high command. -' To the evening Macleod arrived, and was riceived by Mra, Graham, who found her gueat a handsome youog man, of nboot twentv-five years of age, tall and well formed. His complexion was dark as were his eyes and hair; hut M ra. Graham could not help nmicing that he seemed excessively melancholy, and that a deadly pallor overspread his features. Mrs. Graham pxplained that h r son was absent in ljondon, and why he Was so. Macleod then informed Airs. Graham that he had come from the railway station on foot, and that his luggage was to follow, aa he had been unable to him n conveyance, and did not choose to wait until one could be procured, when he found that Wood lands was only a shnrt way off. 1 Ah,' said Mrs. Graham,' if we had known when ynu were coming I would hare sent the carriage to the station,' ' Would to Heaven you had I' ex claimed the young man, with sudden energy. 1 Perhaps I might have been spared ; but no, it wnuld have been all the same. I beg pardon.' Mrs. Graham did not know what he mean', hut not being of n very inquir ing turn of inind, alio suffered his exclamation to pass unnoticed. Sbn rung the bell, and desired that tea should be brought in, and that Miss Graham should be informed ibat ber uuuima wanted liar. And soon after Clara mine in. To Iter mother's astoninliment and delight, her hair wag most-tastefully, arranged, -end her dress' perfectly tosely. Her deportment was an agreeable | Surprise to her mamma, aa she seemed quite subdued. She spoke but little, aud took her seat at the tea-table, nod behaved altogether like a young lady who had never romped in all her life. • Do you expect George back soon ?• asked Mr. Maeleod of Mrs. Graham, • Yes,' said the widow; 'be returns to-morrow. I wish to have him as much with me as possible before le leaves for Egypt.' ' Ab, poor fellow!" said Maeleod, with a deep sigh ; and Clara saw bis eyes fill with tears. She could not but admire his affec tion for George, and began to think' bins very interesting. 4 It is a cruel thing,' said Mrs/ Graham, who seemed to have quite for gotten her constitutional nnrvousuess, aud to find herself quite equal to. Entertaining her yontliful guest.; ' George's departure wbb a cruel thing!, That George should havo chosen the; army for hia profession—lie, whose, father died on the field of battle! Bu'| .his father's spirit animates bim. It would almost seem as if there were a fate in events. No sooner lias lie. obtained a commission than this horrid, war in the Soudan is coramenoed. •It is the hand of fate,' said, Maeleod, in a hollow voice; 'and I' wish sincerely that George had chosen some other profession. Not that I have any objection to it,' continued he, eeeing that Mrs. Graham and her. daughter exchanged looks of alarm; ' on the contrary, I would hare em braced it long ago, heel not my father, coromaoded otherwise.' • But, said Clara , timidly, ' surely the same. Providence will watch over George iu the battlefield as .anywhere else ?' ' True, my dear child,' said - Mrs. Graham; 'and we can only trust in that Providence.' ' We can do no more,' said Mr. Macleod, in a solemn tone. The conversation then changed, hut (here remained a weight on the min.le of the throe which they all in vain endeavoured to shake off; and Clara noticed that whenever George's name was mentioned, Macleod'e melan choly seemed to increase. When they bad retired for the night, Mrs. Graham said to her daughter, I was so p1ess"d, Olara, to see you looking so v-iy nice. I was taken by surprise. How did you manage to driiot.ynur hair an ire u'ifulljyP* ' T asked Willis to dress it, mamma,* was Clara's reply. Did you, indeed! How very thoughtful! Ab, my dear child, did Willis dress you P' Tea; and the silly creature wbb laughing to herself all the time, as if she knew why I had it dressed to night.' ' Then, tny child, you must ptomiee to let Willis-dress your hair every day, and then she won't smile at ynu when a young visitor is expected,' Tiie next day. George oanie borne, and was delighted at seeing Macleod, whom, however, he rallied most un mercifully on hia melancholy. ' ' | He atki-d if the ludy of his love were unkiod, end indulged in several' friendly jokes, to all of which Macleod'e only rep'y was a sort of melancholy, pitying smile. George was in high spirits; he had been introduced to eeveral generals, and liis reginnnt was expeced to em hark in three weeks. 'So, my dear fellow,' eaid he to Macleod,' let us be merry and enjoy ours-lves I I shall ask mother to have a party or two, and have the houBS full; it will enliven you a little.' 'My dear George,' said Miicleod, impressively ' if you wish for society, have it by all means, but do not ask soy gay company here on my account. I am quite unfit to mix in it; my mind and nerves are quite unstrung at pre sent.' ' Why, what on rarth ails you ?' aaid George, * Ah, George, you cannot understand my feelings, and it is more than pro bable that you will never know the reason of my despondency. Would to Heaven that I bad been spared the cause of it!' 4 Well,' said Grorge, on wboirithe the very serious manner of his friend began to makn an impression, 4 if the cause of your melanoholy is eo secret as to prelude me from being a conB dant, I can only wish you a more worthy cue that4s all,' _ . 4 Ah I' replied Macleod,' that iB the worst of it. I would not for worlds that anybody knew the cause of my depression of spirits ; but further diB_ cUBsion is ueelesB. Let us ehsuite the subject'; and the conversation dropped George was very much hurt at the alteration he remarked in Maoleod, and after several guesses at its cause, he thought very little more about the matter. That niclit, after the family had re tired to rest, George (who oonld not sleep, and had been reading) was alarmed at hearing a noise. in the corridor on which the doors of his room and Macleod'a opened. He listened attentively, and distinct ly heard someone walking along the sage. Without a moment's hesitation, he seised the caudle and opened the door, when he beheld a sight which for the moment startled him. \- Macleod had risen from his bed in a state of somnambulism, and.was walk-1 ing about iu a much perturbed condi-! tiou. George, who had never known him to be thus afflicted, did not like to | waken him abruptly, but at lastepnke j to him in gentle tones. 'Archie, whafs the mutter ?' , Macleod stopped suddenly, and ez- ' claimed,4 who calls? Ts its spirit? It must be! I will question. Ob,] why was I chosen, to be the one to whom the dark futnre was to be re vealed ? Speak! Why was"I, your beat friend, George, doomed to wit ness the dreadful spectacle of your Spirit while you were yet in the flesh P la it because I inherit the dreadful gift, of the' Bed Maoleod P -Still silent? Tou hare met with your heroic death, or you would not now appear to me.' Spealt!' He seemed to he addressing some one; and then, suddenly changing hie manner, said,4 How is it possible for my mind to be thus racked without giving way at last ?' And he struck his forehead with hia cloaed hanfl'f and. was about to Jrusb^ madly'/'on;'when George, who""1iad' listened with astonishment .and, feer, seized bis arm, and dragged him into hia own room, and forcibly placed him on a chuirby the bedside, The opposition Macleod" met "with seemed to waken him; for, witb-a shudder, be mored big eyeballs, which had been slationa]y,and on be-; coming conscious of Geotgb'e presence atid, ' Oh, George ! what a horrid dream I hare had!' and placed his bands before bis eyes. ' It was not a dream,' said George; 'but Macleod, you hare been walking in your sleep. See. you are in my' room. What could bare, disturbed you thus? If you do not disclose wbat presses on your mind so, I shall begin to fear for your reason.' Macleod looked anriouslyai'George for a few minutes ; and then, corering his face with his hands, wept witb a passion that was terebin th look'sfc*'* " "" At length be became somewhat calm; and turning to George, wbo was beseeching him to tell hini what was troubling him, he said, in tones' of anguish, * My dear fellow,if I do tell you, I shall only make yon share my j burthen.' ' If that is the only reason of your; alienee,' asid George, 'it is a rery poor one. The mere act of telling your grief will relieve youMniod. I am prepared to bear tbia mighty secret. It can be no criminal one that you are oonoerned in.' ' But, my dear George, it relates to youraalf; and I am afraid, after all, that you will laugh at me,' aaid Macleod. Well, then, out with it. I daresay it is nothing so very terrible, after all,' persisted George. Macleod, whose resolution to preserve silence was weakened by the mental torture he had undergone, hesitated for some moments; and at last, yielded to the wish of die burtheuing himself of the weight which oppresed him, said, ' Listeu, then, George. Tou know that 1 am descended from the Bed Macleod who possessed the gift of second sight, and one male of every alternate generation, it is said, had the dreadful faculty, but I never be lieved until two nights ago that it had descended to me,' Here be paused, as if overcome by the recollection. George felt almost inclined to laugh, but he saw it was no laughing matter with his friend, so he said, And how did you diacover that you possessed the gift of second sight, Archie P' I saw the spirit or wraith of person still living,*''.replied Macleod. ' And ! pray, Archie,' aaid George, whose wraith was it P* Macleod 'looked at him1 With mingled tenderness and grief, and •aid, solemnly,' Tours, George I' 'Mine?' exclaimpd George, who bad never dreamed of such , a revela tion, and who was taken by surprise, •Mine?' Then recovering himself by strong effort, he - continued, 4 Bidiculoue, Maoleod! It was your disordered fancy. Tou were coming, to see me, and your imagination played you : a tricli. What absurd nonsense, Archie! I really had: higher opinion of your intellect.' ' You may aay what yon like,-: George; I know,what Ieaw; but I may as well tell you all.; I was coming from the railway etation ton. Wedneaday evenipg, and had walked; almost as far as the palings,which surround your grounds, but I could' not see them owing to a clump-of trees and a high'hedge. I began bp fear I had loBt my way, and looked round to see if I had followed tbh directions which had been given me,: when I eaw at a little distanced e figure. It was in a husaat's uniform)' continued he in a husky voice,' and as I was preparing to speak to it,'it moved its hand as if to forbid my approach. Just then a ray of setting: sun came full in the face of the apparition; it wasghaetly pale, and,' my dear George, the feature, were surrounded |>y a. kmd of shroud.; I. noted all these particulars, for I wa» determined not i to let my fsncy deceive me. The figure -remained' motionless for a • moment, and then disappeared. Now, as it appeared dn; uniform! it is a aign that yon are bp' die on the field of battle, and I am' reaolved to use ail my influence and my fatheria to proven tyou continuing; in the army. It is on no light' grounds yurgeyou to Jeaveit, ■) The' appearance is sent as a warning, and woe to us if we will not be warned.' George listened to' ibis strange recital .in perfect„ silence, -andhis reflectionswore anything butpleasant.' In the first place, it was not very, agreeable tp-bp 'told, .that his'ghost bad appeared to hia friend at the very time he was . regaling himself on a 4B>. fUSVH St- « , i sumptuous.;.- dinner --at ;: Colonel TStanfortl'a) for in that very material oecnpaUpjijjw^s' he engaged at " the hour that his wraith appeared 'to Macleod. In the second place, be .thought hoy serf absurds it.wjSuld be to* leave the army for the reason Macleod gavej and in the third Jilace, he could not bnt feel a tremor when he asked himself ean such things be P ' ill these thought* phased rapidly thmngh his mlnd, and he said, "Well, Archie, andif'I em to die on the field of tattle, it Shell never be said that Will Graham's son shrank from each a glorious fate. Bo not be downhearted, Macleod, for nothing that you, your father, and all my relations put together ban say, will shake my determination; it is im movable. But tell me—are you not not more comfortable now that yon have revealed your secret P' •'? feel certainly that a weight has ta£tt:l£fted -iiSm my heart, and as you* are sd lnciredulous,' continued MaoLeod, 1I do not regret that 1 have told you all, but 1 really think you are flying in the faoe of Provi dence. Ton are aotually courting death.* •And a glorious bride to conrt!' cried George, enthusiastically. Be. rides, what does a man join the army forf Say no more about it, my boy, but let me see you safe in bed, and 1 will-turn the key on you; On re fleotfpn, though 1 think you had better' sleep with me, as you might make your exit by the window or np the chimney, if yon could not get! out at the door. I have heard of suoh things.* Macleod agreed to share George's bed. In a very short time they were fast asleep. ! 