Cxosixg of PABiiAttEST.— T' he eighthours i-day Parliament indulged last week in run ning the record very closes if not breaking it by sittings extending over nearlv sixtv hours, all but one of which were withia four days. As much tiino vr&s; devote! to Parliamentary work that; week as iii the whole of any month prior to right sittings— say June or July, whea the weather was cool. During the last one or two sittings several members looked as though life was no: worth living. even a3 legislators in Marble Palace. Thoy reclined on the benches during the day. and at night stretched at full length in the salieries. About half-past 1 one morning there were j three or four tiers of lawmakers safe in the arms of Morpheus, but their re?t was rudely disturbed by the ringing of the division bells. It was pitiable to see them rise with a startled loot as if. pursued by tho ghosts of massacred pledges, rub their eyes, shake themselves, and suffer a more wideawake member to lead them Iiko sheep to tho vote. On another occasion a very active member in spite of best efforts to the contrary dropped aaleep, and while he slumbered a- division took place. When the result was annonnced ha jumped up and seeing he was on tho side of tho Premier, according to habit, cheered loudly. Bat it happened oa that occasion the Premier was in a minority, and tho cheer was sadly misplaced. The interminable trickle of talk grew tiresome to many who preferred the smoking-room whore the storytellers, the vocalists, and the merry men whiled away the weary hours. Into the solemn chamber where the session was expiring with difficulty, came tha sounds of revelry below— refrains of comic songs, hilarity after tho latest story, and other tokens of the martyrs temporary oblivion-to his pains. Yet on Saturday morning, with holiday near and Christmas approaching; the Assembly was in a perturbed state. Xo wonder. The Premiers Christmas box to the Opposition wa3 a dynamite charge in a voluminous report from. Drs. Napier and Smith on tho Hospital Com mittee evidence, of which the Government had declared they would have no more. Even Mr. Hamburg had to protest against such inconsistency. Mr. Solomon followed ; and the session, which opened with South Pole re minders, went out in a Northern Territory scorcher. Party feeling, was at white heat. The'Spsaker was shocked and helpless. Had not the prorogation like a merciful Providence interfered, it is difficult to say what would have happened. The ceremony of closing Par liament was not [marked by special incident. It was decorous and dignified, the gathering select, the mingling- of brilliant uniforms and dresses picturesque, the ritual quaint, and the speech short and suggestive. So ended the Parliamentary Session of 1S95, 'its virtue, according to the Opposition, being its com parative barrenness. The Struggle roK the Sheffield Shield. — The fifth annual competition between tha cricketers of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia to decide which colony shall hold the Sheffield Shield was begun on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, when X.ew South Wales and South Australian. Sevens met. Tho widespread interest shown just now in the national game was demonstrated* by the takings at the gate on Saturday reaching £233, a larger sum by £23 than has ever pre viously been collected on any one day at an intercolonial cricket match in Adelaide. The afternoon's cricket was in every way satis factory to South Australians, the visitors, who went in first on a splendid wicket, being all dismissed for 162 runs, after which the local men scored 47 for the loss of 1 wicker. There were startling incidents in the play, and none more so than the dismissal, each, by the first ball he received, of Gregory and Ire dale, two of the crack bat3men of the Austra lian Eleven. . One gratifying feature of the Sonth Australians' performance was that Evans, who had not previously bowled in an intercolonial match, secured 4 wickets for 40 runs, while- another -was the ?? extreme brilliancy of the fielding. Jones,' our celebrated fast bowler, obtained by grand play 5 wickets for 43 runs. The match will bs continued at noon to-day- . . ? The Crc&STG; Gabxival.— The final day's meeting in connection with tha Summer Carnival of the Laazue of South Australian Wheelmen passed off successfully at the Jubilee Oval on Saturday. There was a large attendance, and over £200 was taken at the gates. The racing was again of a high order. R. Walne, the Quaenalander, was in splendid form, and after a great finish, defeated Lewis in the Ten-miles International Ssratch Race, in addition to beating him in his heat of a milo-and-a-hali event. Baker, who » once mora in great fettle, secured the Summer Handicap of £%),? with Courtney second, Loader third, and Biekford fourths Randell ran away with the Mile Second-class' Race, and after a good struggle Spsncer annexed the Third-class Handicap. A. E.' Sampson won the Mile South Australian. Championship from Baker after a capital finish. In the final of this event Harold Biekford, Carter, Davies, Taylor, and Shearer came down,- but were unhurt. Amongst the spectators was young Reynolds, who most people thought was seriously injured in an accident on - tha previous Saturday. With everything against him. Kuhle was unsuccessful in lowering Parsonsrs half-mile record, but will make another attempt this morning. SciisiER Regatta. — The summer regatta in connection with the South Australian Rowing Association held on the Torrens Lake on Saturday afternoon was a rank failure. Several causes contributed to this, chief among which was the fact that the lake has never been nearly full this season owing to the sluices having been left open for an unneces sarily long time. In consequence of this drawback only a very half- hearted interest was taken in the sport except by the Ade laides, who won the Webb Memorial Cup and the Torrens Fours, and had a row over in the Ladles' Challenge Shield — three out of the five events on the programme. Coc.vnrr Cbicset.— 'Mr. J. C. Crawford and ?T. C. Rundle, who were appointed by the S. A. Cricketing Association to select the Southern teams In connection with the country cricket to be played on the Adelaide Oval during Christmas weak, have chosen the following players to represent the two teams :— A Team — O. Caasfr, Chain of Ponds ; F. Canst, Sum mer town; W. ICinham. Mount Barker; A. Green, Lobethal; W. ? Hatchings. Lobethal; G. Palmer, Mylor; W. F. Gifien, Blum berg; J. Bushell, BInmberg; A. Fer guson, Norton's Summit; T. Hall, Hahndorf; W. Atkinson, Mount Barker. Emergency — Joe Marrett, Modbury : W. Schultz, Summer town: A. Gates, Woodslde. 3 Team — C. Nback, Langhom&s; Creek; F. Sauth, Sturt ; F. N. Leak, Sturt; C. Perry, Morphbtt Vale; J. Connole, Morphett Tale; E. Wbeaton, SelHck's Hill; D. McRae, Sellick'a Hill; Moyes, Narracoorte: W. Manning, Reynella; W. Colman, Coromandel Valley; Walters, Mount Gambler. Emergency — Viciery, Coromandel Valley: H. Console, Morphett Vale; Burdon, Reynella. Players are re qcested to let the Secretary of the Association know should they be unabla to take part in the matches. 