ABOUT RINGS. A ring- has always been associated with -marriages from time immemor (Lble. The bard sings of his love foe his “fair ladye’’ being as “endless a* the ring.” The engagement ring is, perhaps, the most genuinely interest ing bit of jewellery a woman can wear, and then there is always the strong possibility of her having a variety, though, as an emblem of marriage it was not introduced by the Christian: church, as many suppose. Before the introduction of coinage, the only circulation of Egyptian gold was in the form of, rings, and the Egyptian, at his marriage, placed one of these rings of gold on his bride’s finger, as a token of entrusting her with all his property. In our marriage cere mony we but follow this custom. Some of the birthday rings are won derfully unique, the various lucky st#nes being set lightly on tiny wire of gold. Friendship rings are less popu lar than of yore, though occasionally, one sees them worn by a loyal devotee of the pretty old custom. The lover’s knot is the most common, being either in silver or gold and very slender. The Fede ring presents several fea tures of interest, being composed of two fiat hooDS, accurately fitting each within the other, and kept in place by, a corresponding projection on either ex treme edge, so that the two form, to all appearance, one body. A name is engraved on each, or a line of a distich in old French. The idea being, should the two friends sepa rate, each could wear a single hoopi (as they are easily separated), ana thus be a means of recognition when again compared. "■With joints as close as not to b'e perceived, yet are they both each other’s counterpart.” The quaint, old-time hair rings are no longer seen; their oddity was more noteworthy than their beauty; they are "heirlooms” in every sense.. If: would seem odd in so small a thing aa the wearing of gold rings, yet in the olden days there were various laws held! by the Romans as to the wearing of these jewelled baubles. Tiberius made a large property qualification necessary) to thier wearing; the right was giveiS to old Roman soldiers by Severus. The only ornaments worn by the knights under Augustus were ancient rings of Iron, which were later held as a badge of servitude, an express decree of the State being necessary to rightfully wear a solid gold ring. Ambassadors to foreign missions were Invested with golden circles as a mark of great respectability; these were is sued by the treasury with much cere mony, not even the senators being al lowed to wear them in private life. The earliest use of rings and the fond which they most generally took' was of the nature of a signet, and was used! to give authenticity to documents be fore the art of writing was known to any but professional scribes. But-they; soon became symbols of power and au thority, and we remember the Duke la Twelfth Night sent his ring by Viola to his mistress Olivia, as a token that all power was designated to the holder of the ring. This signet was used by mer chants as their own private mark, equi valent to our trade mark, and, -more over, was the only form rings took fofl a very long period. A form of signets introduced into Egypt to the ■ Etrus cans was a gold swivel ring, mount ed with a scarab: A curious form of ring found fr» Greek tombs are for the dead, a pro vision never made in these days;-they, are hollow and light, and set witH round convex pastes; many of thesffl were so thin that it was necessary tot fill them with masbic varnish to pre serve their shape. Poison was inserted in the hollow, rings of the Romans. A story Is relat ed by Pliny that after the golden trea sure had been stolen by Craseus frow under the stone of the Capitollne, Jupi ter, the custodian, to escape torture, broke the gem of his ring in his mputlf, expiring immediately from the effects of ! the poison secreted in it. | A curious ring of Venetian worg I manship (and one which could ' only; have been worn on ceremonial oocas j ions) is the Jewish wedding ring of the sixteenth and seventeenth centu ries, being an elaborate structure. The bezel bearing a conventional represen tation of the ark, a temple with in scriptions in Hebrew characters 0O either side. A highly elaborate form of JewisS wedding ring has projecting sockets', front which hang small rings, a verjf cumbersome finger ornament. The cost of these rings must have been great, not only from the amount of metal used, but the exquisite work manship, on which account one woulif ha\ e been loth to see them consigned to the melting pot, as did the women o£ Prussia during the war of liberation: In 1813, who, in lack of other coin, contri buted their wedding rings, receiving lit return those made of Iron, bearing tha legend, “Ich gebe geld fur eisem.’* The puzzle rings are ingeniously con trived, the four hoops comprising tbS ring being separate, and fall to pieces when removed from the finger. Thesa were the work of the old Indian gold smiths. Much of beauty and symbol ism is shown in the peasant rings. Innocent III., in 1194, settled the fasli ion of the episcopal ring, who ordain ed that it should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on which no thing was to be cut. The annular fin ger of the right hand is the one t<J bear this singularly symbolic orna ment, and bishops never wear moriS than one, though the portrait of Pops Julius II. is represented as -wearing six rings. According to Durandus, the Episco pal ring was symbolical of perfect fide lity, of the duty of sealing and reveal ing, and, lastly, of the gift of the Hols; Ghost. , A massive ring of bronze gilt, t&a; square bezel ibeng set with a gree* ohalcedony and emblazoned with St« Marks In relief, on each side of tKa shoulders shields of arms, repesenta a papal ring of the fifteenth, century, an<2 was given by popes to new-made cardi nals. t Another most interesting ring was tBe property of Alhastan, bishop of. Sh'e borae, and was found at Llysfaen, fix the north-east part of Carnarvonshire in 1773. It is gold, and very massive the hoop being formed of eight divi sions, alternately circular and lozenge shaped, nielloed and inscribed "AlhetaJ* A ring, said to have been given by Charles I. to Bishop Juxon on the day of his execution, has the sentiment, “Rather death than fals fayth,” eft graved on its bezel. t Falstaff boasts that in his youth Ifa was “slender enough to creep into any alderman’s ring,” which shows that thiH style is dated from the fourteenth tft .the seventeenth: centuries. Everyone knows of the poison ring of Demosthe nes, and the one by which Hannibal killed himself, with its hollow bezel fill ed with deadly poison. > A ring used as a charm to ward! o®" disease, and worn by the 3outh Gen- - mans of the sixteenth century, lx . quaintly set with three wolves' teeth, the shoulders chased with two roses 19 ' relief. -‘‘New York Mail and Express.’*' First ‘Writer: "That article of yourtf,. ‘Truth is Stranger Than Fiction,’ ia 01 hummer. Bound to attract' attentions. Where did you get the faots ?” SaooocEl Writer: "Made-’em up.” ' ... 