"CHAPTER XV.—MRS CARRUTHERS , MAKES A DISCOVERT. . I’m very uneasy, very uneasy in deed,” said Mrs Sturt, as she seated herself on the most comfortable of the .garden chairs and looked at Grace. “What are you uneasy about, aunt?” 'Inquired the latter. .1 : • "About Alice. She is very ill indeed.” "Alice ill? Why, she was here three ■days ago, and she seemed just as usual,” -Said Grace. "Yes, that is what puzzles me. She has not been ill any time, yet the altera tion in her is marvellous,” replied Mrs "What ails her?” inquired Mrs Car Jtu'thers. "I’m sure I don’t know. The day Mar ' tin was in London she called at the Bodge. and she was as well as usual. But yesterday I went up to the Place and found her lying on a couch in the drawingroom, looking like a ghost, and Bo weak that she could hardly move. When I asked her w'hat ailed her she ' curst into tears. i "Of course, I told her that would never \- do, and questioned her, until I found out "that she’d been taken ill the day after Martin came from London. Sickness, She said, and a feeling of lassitude. So I asked her what Dr. Grahame said Shout it, and she told me she hadn’t ' Been him, that Martin said it was noth ing.but the hot weather that had upset her, and that it would be folly to send |or the doctor. ' "Well, Grace, you may be sure this • didn’t suit me. I’m not one to make a fuss if people only fancy they are ill, ■hut I wouldn’t stand by and see my own -child fading away without a doctor; so S went to Martin, who was in the lib rary, and I told him what I thought ■• about it.” "What did he say?” inquired Grace. mm “Why, he laughed in that nasty sar castic way he does when he's vexed, and said I was making a mountain out of a mole-hill;—that it was only the heat that was affecting Alice. But I told him it was nothing of the kind. Of course, it is very hot, but the weather would not have brought Alice to the state she was in, and I insisted upon despatching the servant for Dr. Grahame.” * c ’,;Did Mr Barron agree to that?” asked “He just, sneered, and said perhaps it would be better to telegraph for a doctor from London, and I said I should be satisfied with Dr. Grahame.” “What dees the doctor say?” inquired Mrs Carruthers, who had listened atten tively to the conversation. "He seemed puzzled, but said he would send her some medicine. I stayed with tiie poor girl all day, and I went up before luncheon this morning, and was just in time,to see the doctor, who ap peared mere puzzled than ever. Alice " asn t one bit better—indeed, she seem ed more languid, so he said he’d try a different medicine. I stayed with her 1 until about an hour ago, and then I taught I'd come and tell you how ill Doesn t sir Barron seem uneasy now?” asked Grace. “Ho: he says it's just the weather that doesn’t agree with her. I think that funny deformed woman, Martha Gee, seemed very much troubled. She came to Alice’s boudoir, inquiring about her, and asking most particularly about the symptoms. As she is an old servant, X told her all X knew? and she looked un commonly grave. “X think if I were you, I should go and stay at Old Court Place until Mrs Barron is better,” said Mrs Carruthers Mrs Sturt sniffed slightly. “I don’t think you would if Martin Barron was your son-in-law.I suggested remaining, and he gave me to under stand that he'd an objection to mothers in- law. The fact is he’s a very bad tempered man. Of course, Alice made a very good match as regards position —yes, and money, in spite of his debts. I suppose the temper is a set-off against it. One cannot have everything in this world. I suppose it’s no use asking you to go and see Alice,” she said. “I cannot enter Mr Barron's house,” replied Grace, in a firm tone. “Don’t you think you are a little un forgiving? I dare say Martin said some nasty things about the money, but dcar a-me that was only natural.” “ I may be unforgiving, but I shall not go to Old Court Place,” replied Grace, wondering what Mrs Sturt would say if she knew the real reason why she would have nothing to do with Martin Barron. When that lady had gone Mrs Car ruthers turned to Grace, saying : “X wonder what ails Alice?” There was something peculiar in her tone, which startled Grace, and made her exclaim : “Why do you speak in that tone?” “Because I have a very nasty suspi cion. I cannot help wondering if Mar tin is giving her poison.” “Never ! Surely he cannot he bad enough for that!” “I think when a man has done the things' that Martin Barron lias done, he won't stop at anything. Tears ago he let the devil get the whip hand of him, and he's driven him at a pace since then,” said Mrs Carruthers. “But what motive can he have for desiring Alice’s death?” But even as she spoke, Grace remem bered Martin’s words, that Alice was not strong, and if she died there would be no barrier between them. “I see you have some idea of the mo tive.” said Mrs Carruthers, noticing the flush on Grace’s face. “You know,” she went on, “Martin has a very good opinion of himself, and no doubt he thinks, if he were free, the wealthy Miss Sturt might forget the past and become his wife.” “Surely you do not think that?” ex claimed Grace, in horror. “No, I know you too well for . that; but I am afraid Martin is calculating on that, and wants Alice out of the “Oh, it is dreadful! Cannot we do anything to discover if your suspicion is correct, and if it is, have Alice re moved from the Place?” said Grace. “We can only wait and watch,” re plied Mrs Carruthers, gravely. Day by day news came of Alice. Either Mrs Sturt would call at the Gables, or Grace or Mrs Carruthers called at her house to' inquire about the invalid and hear the doctor’s report, which was nearly always the same—great lassitude and sickness. Ten days elapsed, and the hot August days had passed. Still there was not any improvement in Alice, and Dr Gra hame owned that he was baffled. Mrs Sturt wanted a doctor from I.ondon, but Martin objected, finally agreeing to Dr Beard being summoned from York, remarking that as he was going to York he would bring the doctor back with him. . This new doctor declared that the' sickness was caused by severe indiges tion, which also accounted for the weak ness. Then, after writing a prescrip tion, he pocketed the handsome fee Martin gave him, and went back to York, leaving dissatisfaction in every' mind save that of the Master of Old Court Place. About three days after his visit Grace, who was sitting near the drawing-room window, was surprised to see the pony carriage from the Place coming up the “There’s Alice! She must be a great deal better,” she exclaimed; and hasten ing from the room, she reached the door by the time the carriage stopped. “Yes; I’ve been ever so much better both yesterday and to-day, so I drove over. I’ve something to show you,” she said, turning slightly, and pointing to the detective camera which was on the carriage seat. “Oh.I understand;” and Grace told the butler to bring the camera to the drawing-room. Once in that room, Alice sank breath less and exhausted on to the couch. Mrs Carruthers fetched her a glass of wine and a biscuit, after which she revived, and noticing the expression of concern on their faces, she said: “Oh, I’m ever so much better, and it’s ail Martha Gee’s doing.” ■ “Martha Gee,” they both exclaimed. "Yes; she’s been studying a doctor’s book, and she questioned me and found out that I was generally worse after dinner, which I take in the morning room. I lie there nearly all day, and my dinner is served on a little table which is placed close to the couch. Mar tin generally comes in while'I’m having some fruit. I eat more strawberries than anything now. Of course they are forced, but Martin has been very good about seeing that I had a liberal supply, and he generally sits and talks to me while I eat them. He has been so kind and gentle lately. “But I was telling you about Martha She couldn’t understand how it was that I was always worse after the fruit. So yesterday, when Martin had gone to his own dinner, she brought me some thing in a glass which * she thought would prevent the strawberries hurt ing me, and I didn’t feel nearly so ill as usual. Then, when I had gone up stairs, she brought me another dose, and I’ve felt better ever since. About half an hour after she left me that poor j girl came into my boudoir, where I was | lying down on the couch. 1“She stole in so quietly, and stood looking at me. Then I remembered about the camera, and I made the poor girl understand what I wanted, and I showed her where it was kept. “As it was then getting dusk, I fix ed the flashlight arrangement as you showed me, and as she stood quite still watching me. I took a snap-shot of her, and I’ve brought it to you,” Alice said, lying back, and panting for breath with the exertion of talking. For half an hour she rested quietly. Then as she felt revived they assisted her to the pony carriage, and stood watching as she was driven slowly to the gate. “I wonder if she will ever come here again,” said Grace, as they re-entered the drawing-room. “Not if Martin Barron can prevent it. She has one chance, however, for Mar tha Gee suspects poison, and as she is evidently Alice’s friend, she will if pos sible prevent her master carrying out his designs; though I confess I am sur prised at her running counter to liis wishes. But now I will develop this negative;” and, taking the camera with her. Mrs Carruthers proceeded to the box-room, which had been fitted up as a dark room. Grace remained in the drawing-room thinking of Alice, and wondering what would be the end of Martin’s wicked ness. It made, her sliudder to think that she had once loved this man. Presently Mrs Carruthers entered, and Grace saw that she was very much excited. "See !” and she held the negative so that Grace could look at it. “It is Phyllis Blount; but to make sure, as there is a good light, I will take a print from it,” said Mrs Carruthers. Having fixed the negative in a print ing frame, she exposed it to the strong sunlight, and very soon had a photo graph. Taking the print to Grace, she said ; “It is Phyllis. She has not altered in the least; and now I am going to act.” “What shall you do ?” inquired Grace. "I shall wash this stain off my face, remove my wig, and go dressed as I have done before; then I shall be taken for a spirit, and may have a chance of slipping into the house.” "Why do you want to get in ?” “I must find out where this girl is hidden, and then I will give information to the police.” "But suppose Martin sees you, and discovers .that you are not a spirit?” “He won't; he’s too conscience stric ken. But if I don’t come back, you will know where to look for me.” Grace didn’t seem satisfied, but she only said : . "When shall you go ?” , “About nine o’clock. I shall slip out of the side door; and if I put a veil ov er my face, there will he no danger of recognition. Then when I get near the house I shall remove it, in order to play the ghost successfully.” Seeing that it was useless, Grace did not remonstrate, but it was with a feel ing of uneasiness that she saw her de part about half-past eight. “I shall sit up in my chamber—I couldn’t rest if I went to bed; so if you threw a stone at the window, I will come down stairs and let you in,” said “You know I may be very late.” “Never mind. I shall wait up for you.” ‘ Once outside the garden, Mrs Carru thers walked swiftly, and passing the -principal gate she went along the road, then turned up a lane and entered Old Court Park by a side gate. The moon was not yet up, but she knew her way so well that she was able to take the shortest cut to the house. The outer door stood open, but the glass one was closed, and Mrs Carruthers stood for one moment looking in, and then passed round to the side of the house until she came to a glass door which opened into a room. It was in darkness—evidently it was not often used—so, turning the door handle, she entered the room. In the old days, when she had visited at the Court, she had known this room well, for it had been a favorite place with old Mr Barron. Many a time had she sat there while her father and he discussed politics and Other subjects. Now, even in the darkness, she was able to make straight for the door which led into a side corridor. Opening it, she looked cautiously round, and, seeing there was no one about, she ascended the staircase, and passed the rooms which she knew from Alice’s description were hers. Then she turned along a corridor in the opposite direction, walking slowly, and without making the least noise, as she wore si lent shoes. r At each door she paused, peering through the keyhole to see if there was the least light; but there was neither light nor sound, until she reached a door almost at the end of the corridor. Peeping through the keyhole of this, she saw it was lighted. ■ Gently turning the handle, she open ed the door, thinking, as there was no sound, it might be empty, and as she glanced through the opening she found that her supposition was correct. It was a fair-sized room, panelled from floor to roof in old oak, and the roof was of the same. . The furniture was ancient, but comfortable, and at ! one side stood a large sewing machine, j while a pile of linen lay on a chair near. This convinced Mrs Carruthers that she was in Martha Gee’s room, as the woman was reputed to hold the post of seamstress at Old Court Place. Seeing a door at the other side of the room, she decided to continue her investigations. Entering it, she found that it was panelled exactly like the one she had left, but it was furnished as a bedroom. The only light was from one small lamp, which stood on the dressing-table. While she was gazing around her, a slight sound made her look at the op posite wall, and as she looked she saw a panel slide hack. Then Martha Gee stepped out, and in an instant she had closed the panel, and, turning round, her glance fell on Mrs Carruthers. "Miss Agatha !” exclaimed the wo man, and at the same moment she fell on the floor writhing and twisting hor “An epileptic fit. Well, I cannot Help her, and I must find out how to open this panel;’’ but in spite of all her en deavors she could not discover the sec ret, and at last, seeing that Martha Gee was coming round, Mrs Carruthers left the room. Once on the landing, she had to pro ceed cautiously, but all went well, and she reached the room by which she had entered unobserved, and was soon safely out of the house. 