THE GOOD ODD DAYS. AnncAi" CEmc.' It -was midnight on the prairie, and tie | shades of night fell over the veld. | Merroaw Tan Der Potsehwoeujoil sat j upon a pebble before the sioep of the : old homestead, sipping the water In which ! she had for years soaked her much- ■ treasured coffee irrounils- Outwardly she -was calm, even phlegmatic, bnt Inwardly her heart was heavy—so heavy that her > of, perhaps, 99 t. A deep sigh, of some minutes' duration, shook her capacious breast- as she gazed at the charming stony expanse of desert out spread before her, -which constituted the Potschwoenjoil Farm; and, uncon sciously, a large tear, larger and rounder than the largest and roundest pearl,; -welled from her eye, and, rolling down ! her nose, felt plump against the coffee ] cap. knocking it over, spilling the hot j -water over her dress, and finally smash- j ing the cup Into fragments against her upturned foot- ' ' ' " God damn."she ejaculated as shecon- ! templated the fragments of her cherished j Dresden earthenware. " An evil genins j -watches over my house. A eh / teat een \ mttjeltdz"TVhut is it. Mevrouw?" asked, m stentorian tonesMynheer Potsch woenjoil, approaching slow-lv as this plaintive cry of distress suiote upon his ear. lie was only about tbree quarters ; of a mile off, but she could hear him ] perfectly, and, as her voice was, like the majority of voices of Boer women, ex quisitely -' soft anil low, an excellent thing hi -woman." he was enabled to hear every -word she uttered in reply. " It is that slut, "Victoria Augustiau Bettye," answered Mevronw. too agitated to pause for the choice epltbeijs'-by which she usually described her "Kaffir maid- " Xf whe had not made It so late. I should not have come out here to drink the coffee; then I should not have had to place it, so. "upon my knee to cool; my heart -would not have been touched by the fascination of the ostrich evening song : I should not have wept, and therefore I should not have scalded my knee, or broken my choicest earthenware against my new hinpo bluchers." " It is even so," answered Mynheer, continuing to approach ; " now is it im possible to reprove even a Hottentot or "Kaffir serving man?" "Or woman," amended Mevronw. "In the good old days I vronld have "beaten her about the head with my foot "before she would have dared to answer me ; now if I so much as raise my hand she will te'l me she will go; she w21 give me the go. Am I mistress of my house oris she?" "It is too true." assented Mynheer sadly. "And as with the maids, so with the men. Do I but command thai the work "be finished, they will talk to me of a price per hour. A price! In the old days, as. you say, I would have sjamboked nil* did they so mnch as hesitate to continue at my order. Now it is forbidden, and they will crawl to the nearest landdrost if I but raise uiy whip. It is the fault of these rooiueks and the curse of God. "We that were once masters are now aliens in the country of our choice. It has been taken over our heads by the never-to-be- suificleaily ■certloandt: HiujeUchmKiit. Our race is -ran You and X, the last of the Boers, have sat here while our hair has grown white, and ive have watched tbem one hy one inspan and trek into the interior, searching even for the unknown conntry where as yet the English fools have pene trated not. They have not found it, and they have died on the road of grief thai the old ways of our forefathers, pre served and carried out even by us in our, the last, generation, have sufficed them not, but have failed to retain supre macy to us, the salt of the earth." " Yea, there is no consolation," sobbed Mevronw Potschwoenjoil, wiping her eyes on the dishclout. "Justice is gone ont of the land.* Four witnesses did I bring against Mevronw Bobfnson in my slander case, and stall was I accnssd of lying and compelled to eat my word*. That in troth were no great matter, bnt they emptied my pockets also, the jackals." " You did wrong to attack her," "replied Mynheer, staying his progress towards her for a moment. " Thou knowest that nowadays there are 110 juries of oar fellow- countrymen to decide on every case in accordance with our wishes, as heretofore. Besides," he added slowly, in wonderful disregard of hi*; usual caution, " she did no harm." " "What!" screamed Mevrou-v furi ously, " I am to he' attacked, and i am not to open my lips in reply: Did she not accuse me of lying—me—in respect to the girl Bettye, and shall I not an swer—-true or falsely 5 I can defend myself still, praise be to Em- Come here and I trill show yon." Mevronw attempted to rise from her sitting posi tion; that, however, was a work of time, and oddly enough the gallant Mynheer showed no disposition to hurry to her assistance. " Well, well," he proceeded slowly, "I meant nothing ; as you say, we are poor, and we are unjustly taxed. The Bohinson laager, not half a mile to the westward, will yield against mine in the proportion of five to one, yet I must pay even as he does. I know not how this is; and when I am accused of idle ness in not developing the resources of my laud—so the ignorant pig of the mi* xrished-for rooinek newspaper describes it —what can I say ? I cannot fly in the face of Providence, and demand as much from the land as He has granted to Eohinsou. for He has clearly decided in bis favor, and to dispute would he impress ; therefore I must sit down and he content." " If the ta~es are not paid,. they will not suffer us to sit down in peace," grumbled Mevrouw. Why should we pay taxes ? Does not ike land belong to us ? In the old days the "Uitlanders paid all the taxes—ay, and sometimes something over, and welcome, and we disturbed them not; now that they at in the high places they are swollen up with pride, and they say it is not enough, we must pay also, aua other wise one cannot persuade them." "A or bribe," answered Mynheer most sorrow fully. "Nowadaysit is impossible to bribe even a Zarp- The fear of the Governor is strong upon them, and they also desire to obtain his approbation. : "Weil—-he is a strong man." he added, as i be expectorated around reflectively • \- and copiously. " Ail English are not j strong; we hare laughed at some thati have come here mlbe old days, but we j do not laugh now— they have sent. us a j "man, indeed. "We have snfferedno famine i under his rale ; also the new roads are j wonderful, and spare the oxen. As for; the'toTvns, they say—biir into these I do | not go." _ '■ j " Can he command tlierain ? " snapped Mevronw. " There is much talk of thai," answered Mynheer, cautiously and doubt fully; " bnt I give ho heed ; only I have seen the worksof the-wsterlelding Maats ehapplj, and what is done therein Icannot say." "May the curse of heaven fall upon the land and blot it out, as the iaal. or our fathers has been blotted out," said Mevrouw solemnly. " The railways have rendered all piotrings useless. From end to end of the country their iroc lines and their wires, not so ihickas the half of, mylittle finger, extend- Thereisuoendto them and "their cursed improvements. Under their rule the natives flourish and ■defy us, and are ccntc-nt. There is no peace in life, and much -do X doubt that they will ever allow our bout-3 to enjoy peace even I;- death. Do you not re member it has bees said that our home stead cuts off the largest reef of the i Arizona Mines ? Could u.-e destroy our j home for money, as ther propose ? No ; j but you may be sure the vultures will ] •descend upon it at our death. Were it j not for this, the thought of the last ■ bleep would lie sweet for me. for I am • •old ; but to become an imperfect ghost, ; seeking always for the remainder of one's : bones would be too horrible. Could ■one appear at the Bast Judgment with out one's legs or one's head ? It would be impossible," " Pesae,^ woman; you <^iHl me with your melancholy fore bodings," coznpluln cd Mynheer. He shivered, and looked TOund ever Ms shoulder, half suspiciously, half fearfully. " I>et us go wztiiiu and sleep- By the mercy of Heaven we do not need half ah hour's preparation and special suits when we are weary. Come!" The nest half hour was devoted to raising and getting the fair potsehwoen joii safely on the weigh—way, of course. Then this patriarchal pair slept the nervous and unhappy sleep of those who, standing on the worn * and slippery step - ping-stones of " As-it- was-to-uiy-fore iathers-so-it-shall-be-to-iae," would hold hack with their hands the overwhelming onward rush of the waters ot human progress and development, but are bound to perish if they will not join forces with the forward and upward evolution of the best for ihe race and for the world. ' » 