Rf¥^ew' RECOLLECTIONS OF SCOTTISH EPISCOPALIANISM. This very interesting volume is from the pen of Father Humphrey, S.J., an earnest and able writer, and the author of various works, amongst the latest of which are " The One Mediator," " Elements of Re ligious Life," and " Cqnscience and Law, or Principles of Human Conduct." In the opening chapter of the " Recollec tions" a curious circumstance is related concerning one of the writer's earlier works. Some months ago Father Humphrey found in a second-hand book shop two volumes on which he had not set eyes for more than a quarter of a century. One of these volumes was entitled "A Digest of the Doctrine of St. Thomas on the Sacraments," by William Humphrey, Missionary Priest in the diecese of Brechin. The other volume was entitled "A Digest of the Doctrine of St. Thomas on the Incarnation." The title-page of this volume did not bear the name of any author, and (says Father Humphrey) hereby hangs a tale. The last sheets of this second volume were passing through the press when the author was received into the Catholic Church. This placed him in a difficulty. He could no longer describe himself 6n the title-page either as "Incumbent of St. Mary Magdalene's, Dundee," a living which he had ceased to hold; it seemed, on the other hand, unbecoming in one who was sitting on the benches of the Soman College by giving his name as the author of the volume posing as a teacher of the British public. The publication of the book being be yond the author's control, the difficulty was settled through the kindness of the publisher in allowing it to appear anony mously. In the village of Cove, near Aberdeen, Father Humphrey began his career, and here he lived and labored for three years, dividing his time between intercourse with these simple fisher-folk and his study of the Summa of St. Thomas. It is interesting to find that amongst these primitive people there were found some traditional traces of the Catholic religion. As an instance, Father Humphrey relates that on one occasion, when attending a burial, all the men, when coming to a ruined bridge by the sea shore, took off their hats. Father Humphrey asked the reason, but no one could tell. It after wards came to light that on that bridge had stood, in old Catholic days, a statue— if not a chapel—of Our Lady. Father Humphrey took up his residence in the first place at the College of the Holy Ghost in the Island of Cumbrse, a small island on the Frith-of Clyde. This college was at first. meant for a seminary for students of the . Scottish Episcopal Church, who should " form a semi-monastic body." The scheme failed, and the future Jesuit proceeded to the Seminary of Glenalmohd, in Perthshire, taking with: him his com panion and favorite—the Summa^ A very interesing account of this Scottish Episcopalian College is-given; as $he doctrines current there the follow ing incident will suffice:— The subject of the warden's theological lecture (says the author) was on one occasion the Eucharist; and he maintained a real and objective presence of the Body and Blood of Christ therein. At question time I asked, whether that being the caBe the Doctrine of the Church of England is that Divine worship iB to be paid as due to the Blessed. Sacrament. P " By no means," said Dr. Hannah, "the Church of England teaches two truths—the Heal Presence of Christ in the Sacrament, and that no adora tion is to ,be given to the Sacrament. She does not endeavor to reconcile these truths; in the sobriety, of her doctrine she merely states them. It follows, therefore, that her teaching is that-, while Christ is really present in the Sacrament, He is present in such a way that He is not therein to be adored." . This utterance threw some light, on the. warden's habitually leaving a litter of crumbs on and about> the Communion table after lus celebration of the Lord's supper. A High -Church member of the college who did not hold his chief's views on " Eucharistic Adoration," used to. fee the manciple, whose duty it was to sweep the sanctuary, to allow him to collect the crumbs after the service, and reverently consume them, ■ Father Humphrey spent two years at Glenalmoud, and during that time he came across Newman's " Essay on Development," Ward's " Ideal: of - a Christian Church," Wilberforce's "Principles of Church Authority,", and similar works such as converts' in those days were wont to write. One of these had a very unsettling effect on his. mjnd,, and the cogency of the argu ments staggered him to such a degree that he betook, himself to Dr. Forbes,, the Bishop of Brechin, stating .his mortal mis givings. How the bishop received him; how he set about to prove that there was no unity in the Boman Communion; how he classi fied the converts who did go over into three kinds—the intellectual, with a strong strain of infidelity ; the materialistic, car ried away by sensuous attractions ; and the concupiscibile, r who > wanted;' the . spoils ' of victory without . the; conflicb-^-all this;with a tone pi sopthiag forbearance and com passion, which,.were it not for the gravity of the subject, would furnish something akija-to comedy. < . . : Father Humphrey remained in the Anglican communion, thinking; himself justified. jxijJjjO doing, and considering djis, fihe^L vieipM^as convinced .of bis sjncerityf He'tfmmmda link between -the old Ttac tiMdknismand the hew, and he mentibnk incidents of a nature nothing short of .humorous, .in illustration rof the con&wipu; that arose in the " meeting xrf thav^ateijs.' V A south-country clergyman had home to take the duty of the pastor in a .ritualistic church in Aberdeen. He was supposed to "sympathise with the vestments," but'he had never seen them. "When he arrived in the sacristy, there were :all the vestments laidbut as in a Catholic sacristy. On the top there lay the amice. He took it up and gazed at it. What to do with it was beyond him. Manfully following the light of nature (proceeds Father Humphrey) in the absence of either acquired information or infused knowledge, he proceeded to bind it like a mason's apron round his loins.. The atten dant server pr6ved himself a tactful youth. "That," said the boy, " is not the way, sir, we wear it in this church," and he forthwith proceeded to instruct him. Being at last duly vested according to the Roman ritual, he went f orthto perform the Communion service of the Church of Eng land, firmly persuaded that in so doing he was saying Mass, and in those vestments fancying himself every inch a priest. Father Humphrey's friend is by no means alone in this pleasing illusion of priesthood, as may readily be gathered by anyone who takes a glance at any of the High Church organs of the day. Nor are they now so ignorant about the "vest ments" as our south-country clergyman. After three years spent at the Cove, Father Humphrey was presented with the living of St. Mary Magdalene's, Dundee, his congregation being mainly composed of Orange Irishmen. Here again he found two schools and camps of religious thought within the one congregation, but even with the elders, who were more sternly Protestant, he became popular. Their only objection against him was that he never preached against Rome. It was the custom to vest the altar in variously colored frontals according to the ecclesiastical seasons. On one Sunday it happened to be green. This Sunday turned out to have been the anniversary of 1 the Battle of the Boyne. Of this battle (says Father Humphrey) I may have heard the name, but in it I had absolutely no interest whatever. My older people had, and they supposed that on this particular day I had hoisted the Roman Catholic colors to Bhow my sympathy with the Reman Catholic religion. But worse was to come. The Feast of the Immaculate Conception comes round, and Father Humphrey tells his congrega tion to turn to their prayer-books, and there they would find set down for cele bration the Feast of the Conception B.V.M. Father Humphrey pointed out that, as a maculate or stained Conception could not possibly be commemorated by any feast, they would only be obeying directions in celebrating the Immaculate or Stainless Conception of Our Lady. The feast was kept with splendour, and the devotion of the, people was immense. Some of the older members of the congrega tion were dismayed, and one churchwarden said he felt it his dqty to present Father Humphrey for false doctrine. The complaint was laid before the Bishop. It placed him in. a difficulty, be cause if he condemned Father Humphrey he would condemn himself, as it wap the Bishop's own teaching and,Contained in his writings, the only difference being that the Bishop wrapped up his High Church doctrine in Low Church language. But Dr. Forbes was a man pf resource. He said to his accuser: " Have you got ^£500 to spend. If I were to condemn and sus pend your pastor he might bring me before the Court of Session for defamation' of character and unwarranted destruction of his clerical career." As the good Bishop foresaw, this settled the question, for the old warden had' no such sum at his disposal, and he retired sad and sorrowful. ' The utter absurdity of the High Church party is over and over exemplified in the pages of this notable book, and the simple directness with which Father Humphrey relates his experience, and the humorous situation^ begotten1 of themj with the sober style of the narrator, makes the reading of this , book something more than a theo logical 6tudy. As ritualism advanced, the old-fashioned Episcopalians- would ask the meaning df each new rite. The invariable answer, " Ancient Scottish Use," set their minds at rest, and appealed at once to their national and antiquanan-itistincts. 1 ' 1 While Father Humphrey was stationed at Dundee, one of hite oldest friends, went. over to Rome, and a cbrfesp6hdetice was opened between them, | which left Father' Humphrey is astate of great disquiet. He would go'1 and' see' Lis friend, and clear, if possible, his dpiibts. At great' in convenience to ' himself hp started' for. London by the night' mail- train. He was unable to sleep. , ' , , Then occurred that, which ?o often happens to men in fiathejr,,Humphrey's position! !, In his lonely' meditatiphs as the train Sped On her way^'fthp, Church ;of England came before my mind' as mori bund,' rent .With 8ch^m,and riddled with heresy, and with,,, scarcely any right rank iaiuepg,, the* living branches of tJfie Church *io£, Christ. . . . * Slowly from out the chaos in my mind there rose Ujp the Divine idea in all its beauty of the one and only Church of Christ The delusion of the branch theory, to which I had clung so long, was laid bare before me in the nakedness of its absurdity." Needless to say, when Father Humphrey reached London and saw his friend, it was no longer as a man with doubts to settle, but one with a mind fully made up as to the course he was to pursue. Without loss of time he made his submission to the Catholic Church in the hands of Dr. Manning. One more extract from this unique work, an extract which we cannot forbear giving, as it is a frequently discussed point amongst Catholics themselves, many of whom are inclined to lean to those views of their Anglican friends, which are certainly not in accord with either Father Humphrey or the late Cardinal. " There is one question," said the Arch bishop, during my stay with him, " that I want to ask you, but only for a reason which regards a view of my own. You need not answer it unless you like, but for years past I have asked it, for my own information, of all the many parsons whom I have received, Do you consider that during all your clerical life you have been living in the ministry of the Church of England in good faith ? " I answered without hesitation, "Undoubtedly I do, and it seems to me that I have proved it by the manner of my coming." "Pre cisely," he rejoined, "and just the answer I expected, and the only answer I have ever got to my question. I have heard of parsons who were said to be living in bad faith, but I have never yet met with one of them of whom I was certain that he was not in what seemed to him to be good faith, and I have never received a single parson who could admit that he had been consciously ministering in bad faith." Besides the personal narrative in these " Recollections," there is an amount of solid reasoning and statement of doctrine which gives them something of the nature of a theological treatise, side by side with much bright and chatty information concerning the quaint ways of the simple people amongst whom Father Humphrey lived and labored. Hie Choice.^—Scene: Police Court.— Magistrate (to prisoner at the bar)— " You can take your choice—ten shillings or six days." Prisoner (who has not properly recovered from last night's debauch, and is still in a foggy condition)—"I'll—liic— have the—hie—money, sir." 