fiECENT PUBLICATIONS. HE Lights of Sydney,' by Lilian Turner, Cassell and Company, London, &c.; : Miss Lilian Turner is to be considered as having made a promising start in a direc- tion in which her sister, Miss Ethel Turner, has so successfully led the way. There is a difference, how ever, in the two Australian novelists. While the one has taken child life in this country as her special subject, the other is more general in her range. There are, indeed, youngsters who have much to do with the story told in " The Lights of Sydney," but they become chiefly in teresting after they are to be regarded as "children of a larger growth." The opening chapter introduces a heroine who has made the lamentable discovery that she has married a man whose disposition is not merely unsympathetic, but intensely selfish and cruel. She finds that he has married her through mercenary motives — on the strength of her expectations from made up as to the course she should adopt. She determines to fly from him, and take her baby boy with her, trusting to fortune, and her own resolve to shirk no honest work, in order to obtain a living. Accordingly she leaves her objectionable spouse in Melbourne and comes on to Sydney, whera she changes her name, and where, through the good offices of some kindly folk whom she chances to encounter, she is happily prevented from -closing her experiences in a, very premature and tragic way. With regard to the expected inheritance, . which the husband had cynically admitted to have been the main attrac tion in the case of the woman he had made his wife, that unscrupulous person resorts to a curious stratagem in order that he may not be baulked of his purpose. He procures another child in the place of the veritable one, and passes it off as his own. To say anything as to the compli cations which this brings about would be to detract more or less from the interest of the narrative. It may be mentioned that, when the two youths have almost grown to manhood, they happen to be brought together, and that very remarkable relations have been established between them before the mystery concerning both is cleared up. It is learned that love has much to do with the problems which are thus worked out in "The Lights of Sydney," and that the wooing and marrying with which it is associated are a satisfactory contrast to what is. heard of at first. The book is illustrated. It may be added that the story which it contains gained the first prize in a competition invited by the proprietors of " Cassell's Maga- zine." 'Fields of Fair Renown ' has for its hero a young Cornishman, Merlin Roaevear, whose ambition it is to win a great name in literature, and who, in the pursuit of that object, tries his fortune in the big city which has wit nessed the triumphs or failures of so many other similar aspirants. In his case the looked-for prize is fairly grasped, but it is with the ultimate loss of other cherished and more precious ideals. As a character sketch that of Merlin Bosevear is a rather striking one. There are other figuresT too, which are drawn with effective touches. " Where Cresses Grow," by Crampton Andrews, the "Christian World," Printing and Publish ing House, Sydney, for October 1896. — The scenes of this little story are laid in South Australia. Beginning in idyllic fashion it closes with a tragedy which, however, serves to point a moral of a. double nature with regard to the maxim that " if error is human, forgiveness is divine.' "A Life's Lesson," by Maggie L. Miller, New castle, 1896. — This is the account of a boy who, through an accident, becomes paralysed in his lower limbs and the lower part of his body, and whose fortitude and resignation under such an affliction, inspire one of the doctors who ia in attendance on him ? with a warm friendship for his patient. The story, which is a short one, is stated to be true, and it appears that it is the writer's intention to devote the proceeds in ' aid of the funds of the Hamilton Presbyterian Church, in which laudable 'purpose she is to be wished success. We have received from Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Company, through Messrs. . Angus and Eobertson, three new volumes of fiction — ' Fields of Fair Ee'nown,' by Joseph Hocking; 'Benja- min's Sack,' by MetaC~Scott; and 'An Im portant Man,' by W, Pett JSidge; together with ' Kilmainham Memories,' by Tighe Hopkins. 'Benjamin's -Sack' forms one of the 'Nauti- lus Series,' and is a somewhat curious modern version of the Scriptural story from/which its title is borrowed. Actuated by a spirit of devo tion to her brother, the sister of a young English clergyman steals a sum of money, and hands it over to him. The discovery that it is in his possession leaves him in the power of a man who ia ' his rival in love, and who is disposed .to make the most unscrupu lous use of the -advantage which he has gained. Another clerical figure, who is supposed to be a representative of the Boman Catholic Church, seems to be modelled on the type of priest— a Hoi very credible or natnral one — that used to be met with long ago when the anti-papal novel had more vogue than at the presentday. The heroine — who is not, it may be noted, to be confounded with the* clergyman's sister—has, according to the conditions «1 a will, to forfeit an estate if she do not wed. a Boinan Catholic. Her fortunes, however, arS ultimately decided* on the 'all for love^ principle. 'An Important Man, and Others/' is a collec tion of short sketches, the scenes of which are laid in London, and which deal with representa tive onaractera or various sorts.. T*e one m which the ** Important Man** is heard of shows no little imagination :'- as well aa iijmor. It relates the temporary experiences in 'spirit, land o? a personage who in ibis life -wasaxnemberof the British House of Commons and a shining light of his party. His . musings in his new quarters on the discovery that hisdep*p \ tore from the old ones ia a matter of perfect in* difference to nearly everybody whom he has left there, and hi$ tonfabo flin the subject with ottej? ghosts, are quaintly conceived. ~. There are many : amusing things too in the c-»mp*nipn sketoheB, ; 'KilmainbRm Mepiories/V taken frpqj the ?^indspr .:; ip^a^nfi/i . gi?« a singularly interesting . -aecQant ^ ; »f . -the -yjrisKrrpjnw&i; V3ralsf;-,$MJ- :l^r^on: j.^f;.,^s:,/,i^e-rdB-ir;^jiflii cMim *9&M; ftttejttion in this imsfcanoe -|p ttal which connects itself witii the tragedy loiowa M the Phoenix Park murders. The dismal story is told in a very circumstantial way bjr Mr. Tighe Hopkins, and gives much information which will be new to the majority of readers. The narrative, of course, derives an additional, interest from the recent proceedings with respect to the notorious 'Number 1,' the man who is believed to have been the prime mover in tie: assassination of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke. 