I ,"PEARMN JEAN." i I A TRAGIC lOVK STOKV. ' THE following story is contained in a letter written by Lady John" Scott to the late Mr. James Gibson-Craig in 1866. Towards tho end of the seventeenth century Sir James Stuart of Allan bank was travelling in Spain. While he was at Madrid he saw, and fell in love with, a beautiful nun. He withdrew her secretly from her convent, ond promised her that she should go with him to Scotland as his wife, and that he would never forsake her. She used to dress magnificently, and from wearing a quantity of the old lace called " Pearlins," he called her his "Pearlin Jean." After a time he began to think he should have an awkward story to tell if he took her home, and lie made up his mind to get rid of her by leaving Madrid suddenly without her knowledge. (They did not inhabit t he samp house.) His carriage and horses stood rendy at his'door, by day dawn, and ho was just getting in, when " Pearlin Jean," who nad for some reason suspected his treachery, rushed to him and entreated him to take her with him. He pushed her away without speak- ing, and got into the carriage. In her frantic despair she threw herself on her knees in front of the horses to stop them. Sir James called out to "drive on." They did so. The horses trampled her under their feet; the wheels of tho carriage went over her ; but ho, without oven looking, back upon her, proceeded on his journey. It. was on a dark winter night that he drove up the avenue of Allanbank. His return had been sudden, and, as ho knew, quite unexpected by his servants. Therefore his surprise was groat when; on looking towards the house, ho saw that every window was illuminated. As his carringa- stopped the great doors were thrown open, and in a blaze of light, " Pearlin J eau" Btood at the top of the steps to receive him. From that time she haunted him. As soon as he lay down in bed, she appeared, and opening the curtains at the foot of the bed stood gazing at him. His life became a burden to him ; ho neither ate nor slept, and he fell away day by day. In vain his I friends tried to persuade him that his terrors were imaginary. He always replied. " She is there I " He had a picture taken of her in Madrid. Some of his friends thought they would try and cure him of tis delusions by placing^ this picture on thc wall opposite his hod, and open- ing the curtain secretly as soon as ho had lain down, hoping -that if he declared again he had seen the ghost, they might then show him the pic- ture and laugh him out of his fears. Two of thom hid themselves in his room, and the moment his bead WM s on the pillow they drew back tho curtains at the foot of the bed. Sir James started up with terror in his countenance, and exclaimed, " My God I There aro two of them 1" and instantly fell back in a fit. After this time no attompt was made to explain away her appear- ance, and " Pearlin Jean " continued to haunt the house ot Allanbank as long as it stood. It was bought and Êulled down by Lady Houston (Mrs. ioBwell, of Blackadder) ; but whethor "Pearlin Jean" Btill wanders about the site of the old house I don't know. 