THE TURF. To-day is the day appointed by the com mittee ot S.A. Tattersali's as settling day over the late Caulfield meeting. At a meeting of ttie committee of the S.A.J.C., held on Wednesday, the following officers were appointed for the current year :— Chairman, Hon. Sir Kit-hard -Baker, Iv. C. IvL G., P.L.C.; stewards, Hon. Sir Kiciiard .Baker, K.C.M.G.. P.-B.C., Hon. J. L. Stirling, M.L.G., Hon. W. B. Kounsevell, K. Barr Smith, John Pile, William Robertson, Frede rick Ayers; judge, John Barker; starter, Godirey Watson; handieapper, H. Hughes; clerk of the scaies, H. H. Parr; clerk ot the course, J. Keid; auctioneers, Barker and Cornelius; lion, timekeeper, I'.F. Wigley; lion, surgeon, Dr. Jay; secretary, A.O. Whitmgtou. Sub-committees—"S.A. .Racing Calendar," tiie chairman; course and tracks, the chair man, \V. Pile, J. Barker; licensing, Hon. W. B. Kounsevell, F. Ayers, and T. F. Wigley. Mr. Whitington informs us that at the S.A.J.C. committee meeting on Wednesday 27 new members were elected; also, that 51 jockeys' licenses were renewed, and the licensing sub-committee will meet on Friday, 14th mst., at 3 p.m., to consider any further applications from jockeys who may be riding at tile A.R.C. Grand .National meeting. The Port Adelaide Racing Club applied for November 23, 1896, as an extra fixture, but the application was not granled, the S. A. J.C. ,• committee having by resolution, dated August 20,181)4 (published in "S.A. Racing Calendar"), decided not to permit any increase of racing fixtures within a radius of 25 miles from the G.P.O., Adelaide. A. Reed, a jockey who was suspended on February 27, 1801), during the pleasure of the. committee, for malpractice, applied for re moval of such suspension. The application was not entertained. The following list of racing fixtures for 1898-7 allotted to date:—1896—August 15, 22, A.R.C. Grand National meeting; September 1, 5, S.A.J.C. Spring meeting; 9, Oounadatta Jockey Club; 12, Kapunda Racing Oiuo; 19, Port Adelaide Racing Club; 23, Aliilicent Racing Club; 26, Adelaide Hunt Club; Octobers, S.A. Tattersali's Club; 7, Mount Gambler Hunt Club; November 9, Gawier Jockey Club; December 26, Port Adelaide Racing Club; 28, A.R.C. Anniversary meet ing. 1887—January 1, S.A.J.C. Summer meeting; March 17, Port Adelaide Racing Club; April 19, Onitapariuga Racing Ciub; 24, S.A. Tattersali's Ciub; May 1, 5, S, S.A.J.C. Autumn meeting; June"5, Gawier Jockey Club; 21, S.A.J.C. Winter meeting; 26, Port Adelaide Racing Club; July 17, S.A. Tattersali's Club. On Wednesday the following local wagers were laid over the forthcoming A.R.C. jump ing races:—100 to 2$ Radiant and Banjo, ioO to 3 Jack Sprat and All Fours, 100 to 2 Uon ventioner and The Ghost. Mr. H. Hopwood arrived on Wednesday night from Mount Gambier with First Bolt and Young Lucifer, botli having engagements at next Saturday's A.R.C. meeting. They will be located at Mr. Gordon's stable in Hume street. A correspondent informs us that a walking match for one mile on the Hyde Park- road is to take place on the 22nd inst. between a local pied and another hailing from Sydney. The Count (of thefirmofH.OxenhamandThe Count) will arrive in Adelaide to-day, Thurs day, and will remain a few days. He informs us that during his stay he would be very plea-ed to meet his numerous South Australian clients either at the York Hotel, 'i'attersalls' Club, or by special appointment. The local jumpers Simulator and Banjo have returned from Melbourne to Sydney Park, on the South-road. Although the stakes at the recent Caulfield Grand National meeting totalled £550 more than last year the club comes out with a profit of £700 on the fixture. Mr. W. Allan's post-mortem examination of J.O.I, lias disclosed the fact that the awkward fall which he got in the Caulfield Grand National _ Steeplechase was responsible for the gelding bursting the large artery over the kidneys, internal hemorrhage being the cause of death. Mr. Gordon Lyon's horse seemed to have lost his form after running in the V.R.C. Grand National, and it was thought possible that he might have injured himself internally when he fell on that occasion. Mr. Allan, however, dispels the idea (remarks the Argus), as he states that except for the ruptured artery there was nothing wrong with the horse. J.O.I. appears to have made a very poor attempt at negotiat ing the fence which brought him to grief. There are indications that he struck the top rail with one fore-foot and the second rail with the other. He turned right over when he came down and J. E. Brewer had a very lucky escape. The crack rider was dazed from the fall and had his face cut, hesiues sustaining several bruises. The weather was warm and springlike at Randwick on Saturday morning and the course proper was open. The Captain opened proceedings by beating Akarini over ten fur longs in 2 min. 21 sec. Marchioness had more to say than The Scotchman at the end of a five-furlongs spin in 1 min. 8 sec. Coombwood defeated Absolution and Re viere over six furlongs in 1- min. 23 sec. Attachment covered a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 20 sec., and Maiachite got over a mile in 1 min. 511 sec. Elton and Seabreeze ran over six furlongs in 1 min. 231 sec. The first-named finished in front. Kallatina and Redavni beat Annadbur and E.K. over a mile in 1 min. 51 sec., and Pliarauiond finished ahead of Gozoczar over a similar distance in 1 min. 52 sec. Response ran 10 furlongs in 2 min. 201- sec. alone. Sayles beat VVatercolor at the end of six furlongs in 1 min. 221 sec., and Astronomer got over a mile in 1 min. 50 see. Admonition and Mar gravine were coupled over five furlongs, the first-named getting home in front in 1 min. 8 sec. Old Clo had more to say than Ito at the end of a six-furlong dasli in 1 min. 231 see., and Loch Leigh beat Troilous over a smartly-run mile in 1 min. 471 sec. Royal Rose and First Shot were coupled for a circuit of the course proper, which they negotiated in 2 min. 38 sec.; Armenia cast 10 furlongs behind in 2 min. 27 sec.; and The Skipper easily disposed of Cravat over six furlongs in 1 min. 201 sec. Cremorne put past a mile in 1 min. 50~sec.; while Fort and Leonidas took 2 sec. longer to accomplish the same task. Dela ware and Charge were together at the end of a mile gallop, executed in 1 min. 51 sec. Vivian got o>er 10 furlongs in 2 min. 271 sec. Sadur beat The Sketch at the end of a mile gallop in 1 min. 55 sec., and then Albicore put up the morning's record (say3 the Sydney Morning Herald) by getting over a mile in 1 min. 46J sec. York beat Contempt over a mile in 1 min. 51 sec., and Aucatus finished in advance of The Rejected over the same dis tance. the trip occupying 1 min. 54 sec. Right Honorable put past a mile in 1 min.'49 sec., and Erehwon beat Ellengarah over 10 fur longs in 2 min 21 sec. Palmetto jumped the schooling hurdles after refusing the big jumps. Songster badly injured himself when he fell in the Steeplechase on Saturday. Mr. Allan, who has him in hand, is doubtful of his re covery. Under any circumstances the horse will not be able to leave his box for some con siderable time. Amadeus is not likely to be seen with the colors up in Melbourne many more times. The Tasmaman has changed hands and will pro bably be sent to Singapore. During the settling over the Caulfield meeting on Monday (says the Argus) there was some wagering on future event3. Several combinations at 1,000 to 1 were backed for the two cups, commencing with Devon, Excel, So and So, Canoona, The Chevalier, Tire, and finishing with Devon,! Hopscotch, O'Trigger, Marusa, Nad a, Torea-1 dor, and Miraclum. A number of doubles were also, booked on the Derby and Melbourne Cup, Newliaven, Resolute, Coil, and Man of Honor being picked for the former event, coupled with Nad a, Miraclum, Marusa, O'Trigger, Toreador, Resolute, or Cydnus for the Melbourne Cup. 