DAYS OF DARKNESS. CHAPTER XVI. 'where ark xhk snows' that fell ? V.~l '?? i\\. .'?/;? ..IABT TBAB?' , -. ^Alihoogb, whilst engaged in the labour of writing this storj, I have many times re gretted that I am nothing more than a plaifl oarrajor, of facts and incidents, not a .master ?f flotion, I think I hate not yet felt, the re giat to strongly as at the moment when I be gin this chapter. The sombre* sots of the Ufa dram* in which Pbilippa and I plsyed . parti so painful, so fnll of grief, and even if Brightened by a ray of joy, of joy. fallacious and ancartain tenure — these., aots 1 - have found little difficulty in desoribiog ; I had simply to throw my mind back to the pictures of the past and reproduce them in words. The task, whether well or ill done, was not a hard one, - ?? „.. ,- . ? ^,.r ? \- But now, when in one moment and aa if bj.magio everything changed; when -sorrow seemed to be simply swept out of our lives ; when that poor abject wretch'* confession of guilt, foroed from him in some, mysterious way, not only left our whole fo.to.re bright and cloudless, but consigned to rest all the ghosts of the past, whose shadowy forms had hitherto dogged our steps and. denied us the happiness rightly due to those wbo love as we loved ; now it is that I fesl my shortcomings acately, and wish my pen was more powerful than it is. . . , .- \ x -JLnd yet a word will describe jhe ststeef my own mind as, whsn the last solemn words were spoken by the judge: — spoken in a voice which showed emotion and distress at, being compelled to condemn a fellow-oreatnre to deatn-r- 1 oarried my fainting wife Irons the crowded, reeking court. The momentary sense of iapturo passed away ; bewilderment, sheer bewilderment, is the word for what was left. I could not think. All my reason ing faculties had left me. In fact, I believe that bad Pbilippa not swooned, and so needed my mechanical given care, I myself should have fallen senseless on that threshold which an hour before we crossed, thinking we were going to endless misery. , ,v~I remember this much. As I Isid Phiiippa on, ons of the hard .wooden benches in the stone corridor I kept repeating to myself, ^Innocent, my love ts innocent.; that man is frailty.' I suppose this continaal reiteration was an endeavour to impress the tremendous fast npoa my brain, which for a. time was in oreduloos, and refuMd to entertain it. ,. I threw up my wife's veil and bathed her face with water, which was brought me by a kindly policeman. Presently her ejes opened and consciousness returned ; she strove to speak. I My presence of mind was fast returning ? Dearest,' I .whispered, ' as yon love me, not a word in this plaoe. In a minute we will Jeaveit.' She was obedient; but I knew, from the wild look of joy in her eyes that obedienoe itasked her to the utmost. She was soon able to rise, and then we walked from the court, pushed our waj through the crowd wh waited in the street, busily digoussing th« sudden termination to the trial, threw our selves into a cab, and in another moment were alternately weeping and laughing in; -each other's arms. ., It was, however, but for a moment. The inn to which we drove was olose at hand. There we were shown into a room, and were at last free to give the fallen Vent to our pent-up feelings. . . It would be absurd for me to attempt to re produce our words, our disjointed exclama tions. It would be sacrilige for me to de scribe the tears we shed, the embraces, the loving caresses we lavished on esoh other. .Think of us an hour, one short hour ago! i Think of us now I The curse laid upon us by that awful night removed for ever 1 * Our secret kept, or, secrecy, if still advisable, no longer absolutely needful. Phiiippa, in spite all 1 had seen, in spite of tM she had told me on that night when I found her, a wild distracted woman, in a storm the wildest that years have known, guiltless of her hus band s death 1 Innocent, not only as she had in my eyes always been, but also, what was far more, innocent in her own eyes I Small wonder that for nearly an hour we sat with our arms twined around each other, and nied /few words which were more than rapturous exclamations of love and joy. Then 1 I eannot, will not . desoribe -the seen* More fully. I will say.no more, except this: when at last we grew. calmer, Pbilippa turned to me, and once more I saw terror gathering in her eyes. ' Basil,' she said, , ? it is true — it must be true?1 'Troe.l of course it i«.' . .-..'. \\. . ; 'That man, the prisoner, could not have pleaded guilty when he was innocent.' .? ' 'Why should he 5 It meant death to him, poor wretch.' ? : ? ' But why did be ooofessf . , ( ' '- Who pan tell ? Remorse may have urged ;. bins to do bo.' . ? ^ ,:. ,, Phiiippa rose, and her next words were spoken quickly and with excitement.' ? ..... ,,,' No,- 1 did not do it. Thn .thought, the -.. dream haunted me, but I did not believe it until I heard those men talk of the way he died. Then it all came . back to me, The; mad storm, the dead man over whom I stood; even then , I, don't think I, actually believec it. It was when yon told nw how yon found me. that I lost all hope.' . 'Dearest, forgive me. I should have be* lieved in the impossibility of the sot even in your delirium, even if I had seen it done. „ ; Phiiippa, say yon forgive me.' . ' She threw her arms around me.,, 'Basil, my husband,' she whispered, ' yon have done much for me, do one thing more ; find out the whole truth— find out wby this man killed him, how be killed him ; find out, satisfy me that his confession was a true one; then, Basil, such happiness as I bave never oven . dreamed of wili be mine.' . -..;'? And mine,' I echoed. . , ^1 promised to do an she wished. Indoed, the moment I had recovered my ceases, I re , solved to learn everything that could be learned. Once and f(* ftll I would clear ; away every oloud of dtmbt, although .that elond might be no bigger than a man's hand. .To be Continued.) 