InUxbwtzs&n.; BEPLY. The following answer has been returned by the House of Bishops to the 'Appeal' from a number of the clergy of these colonies which we printed in our last issue : — ' The Chapter House, Sydney, October 7th, 1896. ' Bev. and Dear Brethren in the Lord — We have received the Appeal which you have addressed to us, and hasten to assure you of our sympatny witn you in tne worn ot your ministry, and especially in your desire that the less instructed members of the Church may be kept true to their spiritual Mother, in view of the attitude assumed by the Church of Borne on the one hand and by the various Protestant bodies on the other. ' The difficulty of this position exists more or less at home also, but it is accentuated in the colonies by ithe; fact that the Church of England here is neither established tl6% endowed. This, however, is but an accident of her position. She brings with her to Australia the same Apostolic Orders, the same holy Sacraments, the same venerable and Scriptural formularies as those which her people in England love and honour. 'In particular, her catholicity is evidenced by her recital in public worship of the Apostles' Creed, and the Nic.ene Creed, which she declares ' ought thoroughly to be received and believed, for they may be proved by most certain warrants of Holy Scripture.' ' That her ministry is apostolic is distinctly asserted in the preface to her Ordinal — 'It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the Apostles' time there have been these Orders of Ministers in Christ's Church: Bishops, priests, and deacons.' This threefold ministry she cannot surrender, affirming as she does that special gifts of the Holy Ghost in. the Laying on of Hands accompany it. Her teaching on the Sacraments is that ' there are two Sacraments ordained by Christ in the Gospel — that is to say, Baptism and the Supper of the Lord ; that they are .' generally necessary to salvation;' and that 'they be sure witnesses and effectual signs of grace and God's goodwill towards us, by which He doth work invisibly in us, and doth not only quicken but also strengthen and confirm our faith in Him. ' 'The second part of the Catechism gives our clergy ample opportu nities of instructing the young, both in the Sunday-school and in the Confirmation-class, touching her doctrine on this subject. 'The attitude of the Church of England towards that of Borne is clearly indicated in the Articles of Religion, as well as in various parts of the Book of Common Prayer. It may suffice to remind you of the declaration that ' the Church of Borne hath erred, not only in her living and manner of ceremonies, but also inmatters of faith.' 'We are painfully aware of the hindrance to the work of the Church caused by our unhappy divisions, especially in thinly populated districts. But your attitude towards the Protestant bodies around you should be marked by moderation as well as' by firmness. It is your province to inculcate the duty and- importance of Church unity, and to awaken and strengthen in the minds of your people, especially the young, an intelligent, attachment to the Church. The evils arising from ' false doctrine, heresy, and schism' should be faithfully pointed out, as occasion may serve. At the same time it should be borne in mind that the indolence and neglect of the Church in former times are in some measure responsible for the secessions which we now deplore. 'We thank God that those days are past. Our branch of the Church . of Christ not only shares with others the responsibility laid upon her by her Lord to preach the Gospel to every creature, but she is also the spiritual Mother of the English-speaking race, and, as such, she has a divine mission . co-extensive with that race. She is striving with ever increasing zeal to fulfil the task allotted to her. Let us manfully, prayerfully, and hopefully take -our part in this noble enterprise. : ' Earnestly invoking the Divine blessing upon your efforts for the extension of the kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ — We remain, in Him, most faithfully yours, 'Wm. Sz. Sydney, Primate; Geokge H. Newcastle; W. T. T. Brisbane ; F. F. Melboubne; Charles E. Batbtorst; H. H. Tasmania; G. G. North Queensland; War. Goulburn; A. V. Gbafton and Arjudale; C. 0. L. Perth; J. R. Adelaide; E. A. BlVERINA.' 