HUSH MONEY. BY JEAN AlIDDLEMASS. CHAPTER XXXIV.— ON DIPLOMACY BENT. It was scarcely with a feeling of satisfaction that Rachel got into the pony carriage to go and , pay a visit to Greg on the morning after her return from London. She was most anxious to see Greg, hut at the same time leaving home at that momeut was scarcely, she feared, desirable, since neither Ursula nor her father appeared to he in a condi tion to be left to their own devices. In fact, it Is doubtful if she would have made up her mind to depart had she not been urged to do so by Ursula, who promised that shq would look after her father during Mrs. Bolderson's absence. At twelve o'clock, when she eventually set out, !Alan had not put in an appearance, and it would be difficult to say whether Stephen or Ursula was the more disappointed. The reason that Ur sula was so anxious for her stepmother to go to the Maisonette was that she thus expected to ob- tain some news of Alan. What her father could have told him was an insoluble mystery to her, but she thought it must be something very dreadful to take him away after all his protestations, nor was she re-as sured by the sight of her father's white, sorrow ful face. "Drive quickly, and make haste back," had been her parting injunction to Rachel, as the pony trap left the door. On the many hindrances and difficult problems that would come in Rachel's way before she again saw the Willow Marsh, Ursula did not reckon. She only hoped that the little step mother, whom circumstances had of late taught her to believe in, almost to the extent of think ing her a magician aud an oracle, would swiftly and surely bring her back the happiness that seemed to be passing from her once more just as she thought she had clutched it for ever. Then she went into the garden to join her father, who was moodily walking up and down smoking, and she was, according to Rachel's re quest, so kindly and loving to him that, suffering as he was doing from his late interview with Alan, it was a torture and a reproach, so much so that more than once lie was on the point of crying out — "Revile me, upbraid me as much as you will, but for the love of heaven do not treat me as if I had been a good conscientious father!" Meanwhile Rachel, her heart full of many trou bles, journeyed quickly through the autumn-tin- ted lanes. Should she reach the Maisonette without meet ing that ubiquitous Vicar, who seemed to track her footsteps wherever she went? Of course not; there he was, but to Rachel's no small satisfaction he was not alone; though she was somewhat surprised to find that his com panion was General Southby. She stopped the pony In order to speak to them; after her seeming rudeness to the Vicar two days previously, she did not think that she could do otherwise. uuu uativ iiuiii tuvvii; uu buiu, ciimuy. 1 liope you did not find your frleud as ill as you ex pected," and there was something in his tone which almost seemed to say, "you have not been to see any sick friend at all." At least, so Ra chel thought, and she colored up as she an swered, "I went up to see that unfortunate woman, Lu cille Lafarge. She is lying paralysed in the French hospital, whither I had her removed." Both the men uttered an exclamation, for to both of them was Lucille Lafarge's history in connection with Decoeq by no means unknown. "And now you are going to see another in valid, Mrs. Bolderson?" said General Southby. "I am golug to the Maisonette," she answered, simply. "You know, then, what has happened?" "I know something, but no details have reached me." "Two men cannot agree, let us say because they are antipathetic to eacli other, and instead of fighting a duel with the proper formulae con nected with such an event, or taking their grie vances into a law court, the one gives the other a back-handed slap on the face in the streets of Paris, which is returned by a blow on the head with a thick stick in the wood at Hazel Court two evenings ago." It was evident that General Southby did not dread the Vicar's tongue as much as Rachel did, and instead of answering she looked from the one to the other in some alarm. The General, how ever, only smiled. He had no intention of re vealing anything that was not already tin open secret, Greg himself having spoken out pretty freely. "'Will you give me a lift to the Maisonette, Mrs. Bolderson?" he asked, "for my old limbs are somewhat unused to much walking." "With the greatest pleasure." "Good-bye, Vicar. Don't let people talk more than you can help. The affair will soon bo squared, or my name is not Southby." "Good-bye, Mr. Salt," echoed Rachel. "I was sorry to cut you so unceremoniously short the other day, but I had to catch a train." And so the Vicar was dismissed with much politeness, but with evident Intention, and even now he had had no chance of performing Steele's commission, and had to console himself witli a chat with Dick Venables, whom he met a little farther on. and who told him several things he did not know before, among others that Alan Wallis had arrived at the Court, and had paid a visit to the Willow Marsh, and had had a long private conversation with its master. This information, of course, Venables had re ceived from Mrs. Cubitt. Altogether the crowding and rapidity of events were becoming almost too much for the good Vicar's brain. If tlio difficulties that lay in Rachel's path had been his to stem, the task would have been simply Impossible to him. Even Rachel was thankful to have General Southby by her side, for she know ho was a clear-headed, capable man of tbo world, who could not only grasp a situation, but would handle It delicately. "Well, this Is a nice business," he said as soon as they were out of earshot of the Vicar. "I would give nty right hand rather , than Steele's name should be dragged through tlio mire in connection with that blackguard Fludyer. Greg deserves to lose her for bis rashness in Interfer ing with the scamp." l suppose ue uau ueuru 01 lue auuir ui 1U1 IV- hurst, and was irritated." "On tlio contrary, ho did not know a word of it until I foolishly let It ont last evening, when I came down in answer to a wire from Steele. I was rather sorry I had committed myself, as Greg put himself Into such a passion that I fear ho has had., a bad night. However, I believe on tbo whole ho is better this morning, and all I hope Is that we shall find bim amenable to reason." "What do you propose to do?" "I propose to make Fludyer apologise, which will, I fancy, not be so dlfilcult as to got Greg to accept the apology. Mr. and Mrs. Wallis are naturally very angry about the whole afTalr. They, were just about considering the matter as to whether, now that Grog has received a very good fortune through tho deaths of his unclo and sister, on his promise that ho would be less Bohemian and more inclined to recognise civilbied lows in tho future, they might not perhaps gbve him the dear little girl lie so ardently loves; wdien, lo and behold, Master Greg goes and gets himself Into one of the worst scrapes he was ever involved in, and naturally ho upsets his chance altogether." "Wo must try and talk them over; Sicele will be heartbroken, as well as Greg." "Of course. I know that: but it will bo absolute ly useless for either you or me to interfere If ho persists in fighting Fludyer — 'tearing hibn limb from limb,' as ho elegantly expresses 5t. The Wallises will never give in unless pcaco is pro claimed all round. You must uso your (influence with him, Mrs. Bolderson. I am so glad you are going to see him." "Sicele would have more influence," -said Ra chel, meekly. "Exactly, but tlioy keep her carefully guarded at tho house. I don't believe they will lilt ber go near the Maisonnette. But never mini, Mrs. Bolderson, we will pull the business throagh." 11 a ,iv wflv wn will do our best, but to have two love affairs on one's hands at the same time Is no joke." "Hey-day, hey-day! I don't know anything about another." "Alan Wallis and my step-daughter. Is he not staying at Hazel Court?" "Of course, yes. yes. That accounts for a great deal. He came In yesterday just as I arrived, looking rather a ghost — scarcely spoke at dinner, and spent the greater part of the night walking up and down over ray head. I thought It was grief for his father's death that was agitating him thus. So — so — a love affair, is It? Well. I was a boy once myself. What Is the hitch in that quarter, Mrs. Bolderson? Does not tbo young lady smile on him?" "It is not that," and Rachel became a little con fused. "I think he and Mr. Bolderson did not quite agree about something." "Yet Alan has a vast fortune. There should be no disagreement. We must see what is to be done. I have never had the pleasure of seeing Miss Bolderson, but I always sympathise with young people. As you say, my dear lady, we have our hands full. So much tbo better if we suc ceed." Just at this moment they drove up to the Mai sonnette, thus there was no time for any farther discussion. If Greg was to be kept quiet, and was feverish after a bad night, the remedies con ducive to health were scarcely being enforced, for though ho was sitting in an armchair in the studio, and bis bead was bandaged witli cold com presses, he was talking rapidly and gesticulating freely, while Alan Wallis was walking up and down the room in a state of excitement that was akin to frenzy. The two young men were trying to settle the knotty points In tholr life-histories without the intervention of their ciders. Alan had no intention of giving up his beloved Ursula, whatever anyone might say; but the de sire was strong upon him to get a friendly voice to tell him that what he was about to do was well; and with whom, In his hour of need, would he find more sympathy than with bis cousin Grog? True, Grog was ill, and himself beset by difficulties, but the case would brook no delay. So to Greg Alan went with the last letter his father had penned to him, and which Greg read most attentively. "Well, and have you asked Mr. Bolderson to explain the past?" "Yes, and it scarcely redounds to his credit. More I cannot say." "But you see In It no cause " "No cause to give up my sweet Ursula; certain ly not. Would you give up Sicele If some one told you that Uncle Wallis' lite bad scarcely been as unshadowed by dishonor as it ought to have been?" "Never. If the fair fame of every sweet woman was to be blackened by ber father's vices — fair fame, It strikes me, would be at a considerable discount." And Greg laughed noslly, for the mood was on him to be reckless. "Then I have your sanction for following the dictates of my heart " "Look hero, Alan. You are a man; surely you can judge for yourself. Fancy coming to me, the Bohemian; much-reprobated Greg, to consult on such a matter." "Greg, old fellow, there is no one in the who.e world whose advice I would ask or take but yours, and In such a groat step as this 1 would not think of going forward without consulting you. Judge of what Importance I hold my cousin Greg when I am keeping my beloved Ursula waiting for me while I come round here to lay my affairs before him." "Go to the devil." cried Greg, who was beside himself with feverish excitement, "and don't come humbugging me lilto that. Marry your Ursula and settle down into a pere de famllie. Her fa ther's past story won't, harm ber, especially since no one seems to know it: but look here, old boy, see that you squash the Lucille Lafarge out of her, and bring her as much as possible under the Influence of the angelic Rachel, whom she is rather inclined to ignore." "Oh, they have become great friends; In fact, Ursula has rather taken to exaggerate the little stepmother's good qualities." "Then, bless you, my children, blesyou. Hap piness and peaee, and — by Jove " At this moment Rachel, accompanied by Gene ral Southby, came ill. The situation was somewhat comic, or would have been so had it not been so very real. Any way, it savored of bathos, as did most of Greg's realities, since he never could bring his mind Into a condition of seriousness for very long to gether. Willie the new-comers were Inquiring after his health Alan took the opportunity to escape. He, had got tho encouragement he wanted from Greg, and was off to the Willow Marsh as fast as nimble young legs would carry him. Rachel would have uo more trouble with that couple, at least not in the way of trying to ar range the match. Whether Julian Wallis slumber ing 111 his grave In Pere la Chaiso would have been as satisfied Is doubtful: but then be' should not have left that paper telling his son to follow the dictates of his own heart and judgment and ho would have his blessing. That he had done so was oniy to be accounted for by tho foreshadow of death which not in frequently soitens and changes the wholo of a man's nature. When Rachel went Into the room and saw Grog Blie was so shocked by his appearance that she did not take much notice of Alan or his speedy departure. She had during her brief acquaintance with Greg failed to discover how two-sided his nature was. and since she had invariably seen him in his more seriouF mood, she at once ascribed the exalted recklessness In which lie was now indulging to the fact of bis being terribly ill, and with kindly womanliness as her wont she at once sought to soothe and cosset him. It was the very wisest course she could have taken, and had the desired effect. In a very lew moments Greg had become much more tranquil and amenable to the dictates of prudence, though quite haU-an-hour elapsed before either General Southby or Rachel thought it expedient to touch on the subject with which tholr minds were brimming over. They had not, however, wasted their time by remaining silent, since they liad allowed Grog to let ofT much super fluous steam, by permitting him to tell them with much gesture and wordiness how he had been treated by that "blackguard Fludyer." Also, he was permitted uot only to inveigh furiously against him for the episode in connection with Si cele at Parkhurst, but also to enlighten them — both hearing this part of the 3tory for the first time — now Jenny Fiuuyer nau poisoneu uy ner presence the dying moments of his beloved sis ter. It was evident that to bring about a treaty ol peace between Greg and the master of Parkhurst would be no easy matter, and General Southby almost regretted that he had undertaken it, seeing that he expected quito as much opposition from Sir Austin Fludyer as it was evident he would re ceive from Greg. But for Rachel he certainly would not have stood the least chance of bringing maters to a liappy denouement. Greg would have flouted the General without the slightest scruple, but Rachel had such a graceful pleasant way of putting things, she manipulated tliom with such a gentle touch, that it was quite impossible to Greg to he angry with anything she said. Never till now that he was vouchsafing to her tho privi lege of freely probing his wounds did he recognise how absolutely devoted he was to Mrs. Bolder- sop Ho resisted, however, manfully, for a consider able time. "No, I will never accept an apology from Austin Fludyer, sueh a villain as ho Is. He ought to be scourged off tho earth: and only wait until I have recovered my health and strength, and then see whether Fludyer will bo permitted to live many days." "Murder your enemy, and lose Sicele. surely an effectual way of settling the difficulty, said Ra chel, tersely. Greg was Rtaggered. "Lose Sicele? Why should I lose Sicele— be cause I punished the' man who insulted her?" "Is It likely that her parents will give her to a blood-stained wretch who lias set at naught alike tho laws of his couutry aud those of good souse and good feeling." ' (To he continued.) 