A Dramatic Incident. , She lind caught tho pink bow on her shoulder in the wicker of the chair, and torn itB fastening. ' ' Can I help ? ' ho asked. Can you pin ? ' 'Perfectly.' He was told to fetch her work-basket from the drawing-room, and, on his return, knelt beside horns Bhn adjusted tho ribbon. 'You must take your hands away," he said, 'or I.shnil pin thorn there.' She folded them resignedly in hor lap, but turned her head with sauoy dlstrustfuluoas to obsorve his operations. ' It should be sewn,' he suggested. ' Can you bow? ' ' BotterthanI ean pin.' She opened the basket again, and, threading a ncedlo, handed it up to him. ' It will be easier if you stand.' She held out her hand for assistance, and, ns she raised herself, the light cloak slipped book from lierahouldersinto tlio olmir. Hu got through it gracefully enough, with out tho heavy breathing aud squared elbows that men affect when wrestling with n needle ; and, if his labor was somewhat lengthy, mere clumsiness may not havo been so much to blame as he averred. 1 What is the wage ?' lie inquired, us ho cut the thread. ' What do you suggest ? A sudden mad inipulso almost moved him to lries ber shoulder. , Her lingers had rested there by accident for no instant, throwing a flesh of color, like a shaken flag, over the doli- catoskiu ; but ho was wiser than that. He euid : ' I will leave yon in my debt.' Perhaps she read the conflict in his faco — it was to be eeeu there— aud rescntinir. as a woman may, his failure to do what, if done, would have still more incensed her, said, with a demure audaaity in her oyes : ' I only bargain for ready money.' Still unsteady from his own struggle, lio re turned her ambiguous glance witii such interest thnt partly from excitement, and a desire by over-dnring to fnrco liim into cau tion, elia flipped lightly at the needlepoint which ho was holding between Ilia tooth, say ing: ' You shouldn't put pins in your month.' Ho started back suddenly, and tiiun, with a gulp and a flash of terror in Ilia face, threw liiuisolf ucrnsa a olmir, hood downwards, coughing violently. Wiion lie raised himself atilHy sho was white an a ghost, and could scarcely command tile voico to Buy : ' What was it?' 'The needle.' ' You didn't swallow it!1 He began to recover himself, nnd to remem ber he must havo limbed foolish ; his face was nearly as; pale us here, but' ho laughed as he said— " I'm afraid it's lost to you or evor." "Will it kill you?" Ha thought boo was going to faint, she wns so deathly white, nnd for tlio moment ho did not care what happened to her ; ha fait to liato her, in a sollisli sordid cowardly faahion, for what she bad done. Ho said, almost sulkily— "Isn't there a doctor I could see?" She was crying like a girl, but just steodiod her voice to say tho oarriago would ha then at the door and tlioy could drive doi.n to the nearest physician's, Sho only spoke onco by tlio way. She laid iter liund on IiIb, and said in lioart-broken fashion— "Salt, I am bo sorry." " It doesn't mutter," ho replied, not over gently; "wlmt is it?" He hardly knew what lie said— ho wns specu lating on tho wherenbouts of the needle. He expected ovcry moment to begin to die, and, in spite of his words, that did Boem a matter of tlio inost importance, Cherry voices from tho street-door gave her quito a revulsion of joy. 'That'll ho all. right,' she hoard; 'wad it well and lio low.' A double ' Good-night,' the door slammed, and I'cdoiy was takiug ins seat beside her ; he gave tlio word for home, leant back and laughed. ' Seems to be tho wholesomest thing in the world ; whole meal and buttor-mllk not in it ; can't eat enough ; nnmber mines and new ; brand, with porridge to follow. Thimbls-oup, I suppose, to wash it down. 'The sequel unfortunately, does not justify the physician's hopeful forecast.— From 1 Rust r of Gold ' by Frnnois Provost. ' Bt-Petor (to applicant) : "You say you were au editorial writer on a newspaper ?" Appliaaat ; " Yes, sir." Ht. Pater : "Step into ths elevator, please." Applicant (stepping. Into tbe elevator) 1 " How soon does it go up f " / d))SLJPeteru: It desjj't feojjup, ft. «ot 