LATEST NEWS. THE RAINFALL.—The following is the rainfall for forty-eight hours ending 9 a.m. Monday, 21stBurrundie, 1"900; Pine Creek, 1720; Katherine, 0-300; Daly Waters, 0-030. PESTLAJTD FCND.—L.T.E., 5s. SUNBEAM CONCERTS. — This evening the concert and cantata so successfully given in the North Adelaide Institute recently, by members and friends of the " Duke of York,' "Golden Rule," "B. C. Stephenson," and "Nelson" Circles will be repeated in th Prospect District Hall in aid of the local Christmas Cheer Fund. The members of the "John Kirk" Circle, assisted by some members of Our Boys' Institute, will give a concert in the Enfield Institute this evening. A very attractive programme has been prepared. THE LATE MB. O. BERTRAM.—Sir Edwin Smith, the President of the Norwcibd Football Club,-telegraphed to Perth on Saturday, requesting that a wreath should be placed on the coffin of the late Mr. O. Bertram from his comrades in the Norwood Football Club. THE HELE.V NICOLL.—An advertisement in another 'column calls attention to the postponement of the Helen Nicoll's sailing till 4 p.m. to-morrow. _ XMAS GREETINGS.—We have received from the Esperauce Railway League Xmas Greetings in the form of a series of photographs representing Western Australian scenes, including the town of Esporance Bay. We heartily reciprocate the compliment. LYING-IX-HOMES AND FOSTER-MOTHERS.— Advertisements have appeared intimating that both foster-mothers and lying-in- homes require to be licensed by the State Children's Department. THE SEED- WHEAT TENDERS.—Complain? have reached us of the serious iuconvenisnce caused by the delay in dealing with the tenders for seed wheat sent in lii reply to the invitations issued on behalf of the' State. One correspondent informs us _ that in the district in which he resides private applications for wheat for seed are coming ut freely, but farmers who have put their btocks under offer to the Government are debarred from accepting the good prices they could obtain froai individual buyers. The c&se; certainly seems to be one of considerable hardship. The tenderers have no guarantee that their oifers will be accepted, aud while thev are avraiting the decision of the 3upply and Tender Board they ,may miss their market. In one case, at least, a wheat-owner in the unsatisfactory position referred to made up his mind not to •-ait after Saturday last, and he can hardly be blamed, under the circumstances, for taking advantage of a certainty. It has been pointed out to us that farmers in many cases have their wheat in the field, and they are at a loss to know whether to cart it to their barns or run the risk of the bid weather which m»y be experienced before they learn from the Governmenttheresultof their offers, andare thus placed in a position tc deliver at the railway station. We feel sure that the Board will realize the fairness of the appeal thus made to them to announce their decision without loss of time. CLOSING or PARLIAMENT. —The eighr-hoursa-dav Parliament indulged last week in running the record very close if not breaking it by sittings extending over nearly sixty hours, all but one of which were within four days. As much time was devote 1 to . Parliamentary work that- week as in -the whole of any month prior to night sittings—say June or Julv, when the weather was cool. During the last one or two sittings several members looked as though life was not worth living, even as legislators in Marble Palace. They reclined on the benches during the day, and at night stretched at full length in the galleries. About half-past 1 one morning there were three or four tiers of lawmakers safe in the arms of Morpheus, but their rest was rudely disturbed by the ringing of the division bells. It was pitiable to see them rise with a startled look as if pursued by the ghosts of massacred pledges, rub their eyes, shake themselves, aud suffer a more wideawake member to lead them like sheep to the vqte. On another occasion a very active member in spite of best efforts to the contrary dropped asleep, and while he slumbered a division took place. When the result was announced he jumped up and seeing he was on the side of the Premier, according to habit, cheered loudly. But it happened on that occasion the Premier was in a minority, and the cheer was sadly misplaced. The interminable trickle of talk grew tiresome to many who preferred the smoking-room where the storytellers, the vocalists, and the merry men whiled away the weary hours. Into the solemn chamber where the session was expiring with difficulty, came the sounds of revelry below—refrains of comic songs, hilarity after the latest story, and other tokens of the martyr s temporary oblivion to his pains. Yet on Saturday morning, with holiday near and Christmas approaching, the Assembly was in a perturbed state.' No wonder. The Premier's Christmas box to the Opposition was a dynamite charge in a voluminous report from Drs. Napier and Smith on the Hospital Committee evidence, of which the Government had declared they would have no more. Even Mr. Homburg had to protest against such inconsistency. Mr. Solomon followed; and the session, which opened with South Pole reminders, went out in a Northern Territory soorcher. Party feeling was at white heat. The Speaker was shocked and helpless. Had not the prorogation like a merciful Providence interfered, it is difficult to say what would have happened. The ceremony of closing Parliament was not marked by special incident. It was decorous and dignified, the gathering select, the mingling of brilliant uniforms and dresses picturesque, the ritual quaint, tnd the speech short and suggestive. So ended the Parliamentary Session of 1896, its virtue, according to the Opposition, being its comparativebarrenness. THE MURDER IN THE NORTHERS TERRI- TORY.—A private telegram has been received in Adelaide confirming the news published in Saturday's Register as to tho murder of a station owner in the Northern Territory. Thu telegram is as follows:—"Mr. Thomas A. Perry, part owner of' Cresswell Downs Station, on the table lands, has been shot dead by his black boy. This is the same station whereabout five or six years ago Mr. Perry r, cousin, Mr. Ds Loitte, and a man named Clarke v.-ere murdered by the natives."'" Our Brisbane correspondent telegraphed on Sunday;—"Tlie authorities have received a. telegram from the officer in charge o: the st ation atCaniooweal stating that Mr. Thomas Perry. J.P., I'laiiagef of the Cresswell Downs Station, was shot dead by his own blackboy on the night of December 8. The black cleared off, taking with him a horse, some ammunition, and rifles.. The police arc in pursuit." SUMMER R&-.ATTA.—The summer regatta in ; connection with the South Australian Rowing I Association hold on the Torrens Like on ' Saturday afternoon was a ra;:i: failure. ' Several causes contributed tu this, eh:»»f : among which was the fact that the lake has never been nearly full this season owing to the '; sluices having been left open for an unneces- ! sarily long time. In consequence of this j drawback only a very half-hearted interest! was taken in the sport except by the Ada- i laides, who won the Webb Memorial Cup and ' the Torrens Fours, aud had a row over in tho 1 Ladies' Challenge Shield—three oot of the] five events on the programme. ' 