TH E G'ENKRA L'S STORY. Was I ever really frightened ? Well, thoie.dl not in the field. I have set M soo,.- ] i ii li;-htitiLr, as you know, but, I think the -iii-«iallude to was the elosi ;;t, sl.avo 1 ever ha I. 1 I wis studying law in Now York at (he li-,.e. One day as I sat in my office w riling, the pog. 111:11 brought me a neatlv-foided envelope hearing' my address. As I tore it open a faint odour of perfume filled the room. Tho contents of the letter, as near as I 3;in remember, were ua follows : — Dear Friend, —Call this evening at eight o'clock. 1 wish to see you on some very particular business. Do not fail me. M. A.3. To say that I was much surprised at the invitation is a mild description of my feelings. I had known the writer only a fyw weeks. As she was what Dickens wo.del call a mature young lady, and I was a mere boy, our intercour«u had naturally been very limited. What particular business she wished to sen me about passed my comprehension. I thought of the matter all the afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However, I was young and curious, and at the appointed time set out for the place indicated m the letter, and with a nervous hand pulled the door-bell. After waiting for a few moments I heard footstops approaching. The door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before 1110, making a gesture to indicate silence. Reaching out her hand she led me through the hall to a small room which was enshrouded, as wns the hall itself, in the deepest darkness. I11 a whisper she told me why she wished tc consult me. " My sister," she said, " is phout to run away to-night to get married. Butlier is bitterly oppo-ed to the match ; he is a very violent man, and keeps a pistol on his table before him in the. next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover il he dares to enter the house. We think he suspects that this is the night appointed for tha marriage., and is prepared to execute his purpose We have done all we could to paeitj him, but in vain, lie is iu a terrible rage." " But, my dear Miss Sandys," .1 said in some perturbation, " what has all this to do with me." " We may need your protection ; I told sistei I felt sure we could rely upon you." " You are very eomplim. ldary. It seems te me, however, that 111 family matters, a stranger should not interfere." " Oh, wo don't consider you a stranger, Mr. Stanton ! I am sure you will not, reiuse to oblige: us. Hush—I hear papa moving. Keep perfectly still 111 this room until 1 cull you." Thus sayiug she noiselessly disappeared, leaving me to mv own relictions, which we« not, as may well be supposed, very pleasing. I could hear the he,ivy footsteps of the heae of the family as he paced unceasingly about the next room. I could hear the deep mul coring of his wrath as he called down maledietiom 011 the head of his prospective son-in-law Acthe time passed his words became Sdi-nded together, indicating that he had been drinking heavily, and once or twice he staggered violently against the door, almost breaking into tilt room in which I sut. " He will certainly burst the door open," 1 said to myself ; "he will mistake me for Brown, and before he discovers his error 1 shall be slain, and then it will be too late for me to prove 1113. identity. I shall have elied the death of a sup posed burglar." Sevoral times I made up my mind to stoj out of the room and escape ; but the footstep* of the infuriated father sounded dangerou.slj near ; I was unacquainted with the bolts anc anel lock by which the front door was fastened, and did not think it was possible to remove then without making noise enough to start my vigil ant neighbour on my track. How long I continued wrapped in my own uncomfortable reflections I do not know. It seemed to be an age I could almost, bear nn heart beat in tie- sombre si illness ol that dart room, but the c-as -h ss tramp coutinui d, am the hours rolled 0:1 until I was in d< soair. ><ive the conviction forced itself on my mind that should nev-r get out of that house alive. A last I heard the rus-.'ing of a woman's dres; near me. and the noise in the street of a passing carriage, which app are.d to stop near. Thei a female voice said : — " We are all ready. Make no noise, ant follow me." Silently, and as quick as possible, she led me to the hall door.where the younger -Ui.-s Smidyt t remblingly stood. The bolts were drawn, tin key was turned in the lock, anel in si second w» were in the street, where Mr. Brown's carriage awaited us. Por a man weighing two hundred and fift* pounds Brown displayed a wonderful amount ot activity, in less than two seconds he had jump ed from his seat, kissed his prospective wif« fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from th» sidewalk and placed her on the seat beside him, Miss Saodvs and I quickly followed, and n« time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to be of » facetious turn of mind, introduced a new ])haa» in the elopement-. Addressing himself pointedly to me, whose acquaintanceship he had jus formed, he remarked : — "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are going to ^et married, and it is a good time for yo» and Mav to follow suit. What do you think oi the idea ?" " Oh, Dick, don't !" giggled Miss Sandys " We never dreamed of such a thing when wt started We onlv v. ant to .see you and Sarat safely through. Isn't that all, Mr, Stanton ?' she eoquet'ishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful boy ol 19 ! How could I affront the young holy bi refusing ber hand ? And yet I felt 1 could 110 marry her ; better tiie revolver from which ] had just escaped than that '. Fortunately for r*e. Brown did all the talkinj and now ceased urging tho matter until th« ciirringe stoppod at the minister's residence, where we all alighted. Just before we ascend ed the steps he turned around and delivered hit parting admonition :— " Now ns soon as the minister completes th. ceremonies in our case, you and May can stej forward anel take our places, and in a few mo ments you will both be made happy for life Don't be afraid ; it will be all right I" I suppose the man was joking ; he saw nn trepidation, and wished to have a little fun at my expense. But to me the matter was a ;;rini reality. 1 have never been sentenced to capita] punishment, but I know I experienced, while ascending those steps, the exact sensations of s man who is about to mouat the scaffold, ami sees, for the first time, the rope by which he. ii to be executed. I remember how my limhi trembled, and feel convinced I looked as whit< as ghosts are said to look,although I have never seen one. Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown and his prospect ive bride to the minister's study. The solemn words were pronounced which united them for ever, and ere they were ended I made up my mind to escape before it was too late. The door being left open I retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running uutil I reached my own docT. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight I dc not know, as 1 never saw her afterwards ; neither can I divine her motive in placing one who was almost a strauger to her in such a trying position. Yes, I plead guilty to hivvino made a cowardly retreat, at least once in mj life ; and yet—would any of you have been braver ? 