QUEEN OF NIGHT BY HEADON HILL, Author of "GUILTY GOLD," 'Zambra the Detective," "The EL5h's Second Wife," &c.;, &c.; ?ub hia Ib special armagoasasi will Messrs. Ward, Lock 4 Boasdn, 14 [aLn EIGHTS Eas nVDS PROLOGUE. An octagon room, softly lighted by hang ing silver lamps, and carpeted with Eastern pile of such generous woof that footsteps fell noiseless; the incense-like odour of fragrant wood burning in an antique grate; one priceless picture-no more-On each of the eight walls; and a white draped dining-table bright with the glitter of cut crystal and the dull sparkle of ruby wine. At the table, facing each other, two men in evening dress are seated. Empty coffee cups and the curling wreaths of cigarette smoke mark the close of the repast. and even as we ring up the curtain of this eventful drams one of them-the guest--makes a more preporatory to de. parture. He is a slim, elderly man, with stooping shoulders and a faded face of the aquiline type usually called,in cantphrase, aristocratie. He has already half risen from the table, when he appears to remember something. Drawing forth a pocket-book, he reseats himselfd,and poising a pencil, sends a cusous, furtive glance in the directioa of his host. \- Bythe way, Virarg," he says, nervously, " I was so interested in what you were say ing that I neglected details. Would you ivre me that address before I go ?" As he waits for the answer his eyes wander to the pictures, to the flower cosned epergne., to the dishes of hot house fruit-anywhere but to meet the cala caze that is watching him from across the table. The fingers that hold the pencil tremble like asphn laves. The voice that gives the information is cl?er-ncut and musie?? " My dear Sir Simon. of course I -ill," it say-. "The name of the vessel is 'The Queen of the _iiht.: and the agents are Nathan and Co., 315 Harp Alley, Fenclurch Street. They hIave a Wes-end b--nch in Pall Mall, but if you require a special arrangement, you w-.uli have to do hrsiness with Mr Nathan , -elf--t the City address." The host-he who answers the question -is by far the most striking personality in the room. Six feet high and splendidly proportioned, he attracts attention rather by the magnetic power of his well-chiselled face than by his inches and the muscular force revealed in the broad chest and shoulders. CLun shaven. with square massive jowl ani deep-set unfathomable eyes of steelly gray, Gaston Tizard-the mystery of four Lendonseasons-is known in the beau monde he frequents as the handsomest man about town. Yet there are one or two keen observers-women mostly-who avow that they have sur prised an expression on those readily. smilinag lips that has turned them faint with fe?r. No one knows his origin, though that matters not nowadays when *" dollars maketh man." He is immensely ric?. and, in the jargon of society, is " re reired everywhere," justifying that recep tion. too, by the perfect breeding of hii manners and by the princely hospitalit3 dispensed by him both here in his Park Lane mansion and at his country house in Hertfonishire, Even his nationality has never been rightly settled. Some say that he is of the old French noblesse, but born in America; others that he led a revolu tion in Chili and escaped, more fortunate than most of the kind, with his money and his life. For the rest, he might be any age from thirty to forty-five, and any one meeting him in the street might take him for an oicer of cavalry. i The guest writes down the address and s?ain rises with the evident intention of taking his leave. Tizard comes round from his seat to accompany him to the ball, but once more he who has been called Sir Simon hesitates, and with a quick nervous gesture detains his host from leaving the room. The latter stops short with his hand on the door, and, towering over the shrinking figure, invites further questioning with a mere elevation of the eyebrows. It all seems so risky," faltered the elderly man. "How should I open up negotiations with Nathan-for what you call a special arrangement, I mean-with out fear of compromise ?" Tizard takes from his vest pocket a little sheaf of cards, neatly blended together, and, selecting one, hands it to his guest. "Give him that," he says. "Nathan will understand that you mean business and are properly introduced. You need tell him nothing beyond the name, and do nothing but pay what heasks. The terms are high, but may be regarded in the light ofan investment. There willbe absolutely nothing in writing. It is the essence of the system to take all risks without com promise to clients." Sir Simon glances at the card. It is blank, save for a red heart pierced with a black arrow. " Good God, how horrible! -a sort of modern lettre de cachet," he says, shuddering. "And you are sure, Vizard. that this will be effective-that there will be no hitch? It would be terrible to tempt fortune in such a way-and faiL" There is a touch of amused comtempt in Vizard's tone as he replies, "There are no failures. If Miss Challenor takes the trip under the special arrangement, her health will receive the attention you require for her." With these words he opens the door as though there is nothing more to be aid, and leads his guest downstairs to a splendid entrance-hanll, where two footmen spring qulckl.y to attention. One comes forward with Sir Simon's hat and inverness cape, and the other flings open the front door to smnmon the wait ing brougham- A few words of common place farewell are exchanged, and the cariage rolls away, leaving Viznrd gazing after it from the top step with an in crutable smile. There is nothing to distinguish the neatly-appointed equspage from the hundreds of similar ones it meets as it turns into Piccadilly; yet it beam the bsginning of a train as deadly as any ever laid to mine of gunpowder. After a minute Vinrd goes slowly up stais again to the octagon room where he has entertained his guest. Touching a hidden spring in the wall, he reveals a cunningly concealed iron safe, whence he takes a small morocco-bound ledger in which he makes a few rapid entries. What he writes is in cypher and quite un Intelligible to any one not possessing the key. This done, he replaces the book, re locks it in the safe, adjusta the secret pnel, and is glancing at the clock, when suet knocking a man-servnt enters t "Docete ZavertaL'5 The *mbijct of the announcement dances to-greet him with the efosie oordisitof one who is pleased to see a congenial acqusintance. This only laste, however, till the servant has closed the door and retired- The moment they are alone the show of demonstrative friend ship is dropped on both sides for some thing closer still-for a brevity betoken ing that their relations are confidential and intimate. "' Everything is in order?" inquires Vizlrd, not with any anxiety of manner, but as though some importance attached to the answer. " A most satisfactory cruise." replies the loctor, rubbing his hands softly together in true professional style as he seats him elf in an armchair with the air of being thoroughly at home. lie is, in his way, almost as remarkabl` as his friend-this English-speaking medico with the curious foreign name. Short in stature, he is rotund and stout withal, and wears on his broad weather-browned face a cheerful expression of good-fellowship that may well make him a favourite with his patients. But looking closer, especially sow that he has thrown restraint aside, one might see in his blue eyes, smiling though they are, the same steelly coldness that has been noticed in Vizard's grey ones., Seen here for the first time in private. and narrowly studied, he would perhaps give the impression of a man who is always playing the part of "a genial soul." and that the character, though not natural to him, has become so ingrained that he lays it aside with difficulty. Gradually, as he talks to his companion of strange doings on the sea, his face hardens, and the purring smoothness of his voice takes a more metallic ring. Vizard, evidently knowing the doctor's habits, mixes a glass of claret and water and hands it to him without remark-as a matter of course. Then he leans his back against the mantelpiece and pursues his questioning : SNews of three of the' specials' reached me in ordinary course of post. There was still one unaccounted for when you left Gibmltar a " "That was Trefusis, the Tyneside coal. owning millionaire," says Zavertal, sipping his claret. " He died as we were crossing the Bay of Biscay. Hemorrhage of the liver with complications, I was able tc certify." The two men look at each other strangely. There is a dash of droU humour in the doctor's eye a cynics' twist on Vizard's mouth. Then the iattei says s That was rather leaving things to the last, was it not ? The off-chance of having to bring him home for burial, I mean." "There were circumstances to cause delay; being in charge on the spot. I have often to be guided by such. You car have no idea what trivial things occur tc hamper me sometimes. I would rather bring a 'special' home again than take risks," replies the doctor, with a tinge of remonstrance in his tone. "There was no difficulty whatever." he adds; "I was able to say that the nature of the case de manded immediate disposal of the remains. He was buriel the same day, at sea." " Good," says Viard. " The 'special' department is on a sound footing, then, and will show a handsome balance on the voyage. Is there anything fresh, in ordinary administration ? " " Yes; we shall have to find a new skipper for next cruise," replies Zavertal, not, however, as though the information were of unusual importance. "Captain Luck expresses his intention of giving up the command, and I expect his resignation is on the way to Nathan by this time. On parting from me at the Docks this evening he said he had fully decided not to make another trip in the ' Queen.'" "He does not suspect?" says Vizard, impassively. •" Oh, dear no-nothing of that kind," returns the doctor. "I flatter myself he would never have left the ship carrying so much as the germ of suspicion with him. He has been premised the command of a steamer in the Australian trade-a regular iiner-anml he thinks the prospect more certain than on a pleasure cruiser only running part of the year. He has been talking of chucking the berth these several voyages past." "H'm." refects Vizard aloud : "Luck combined the three essentials of good seamanship, social charm, and crass stupidity. It will be difficult to find such another all in a hurry, but it must be done. My 'special' arrangements for next cruise are nearly completed, and in a day or two we shall be able to give Nathan the date of sailing." " Excellent Gaston," says the doctor, approvingly. "And how many 'special' patients do you hand over to me this time ?" " Two are finally settled-the young Earl of Darranmore, a boy of fourteen fresh from Eton; and Desmond Orlebar, a country gentleman from Hampshire," re plies Vizard, with the coolness of an auctioneer cataloguing his "lots." "The first goes at the instance of his uncle, Ralph Daramn, who is next heir to the title; and the second under the auspices of his wife, who I suppose has some feminine reason for desiring a change. Then to-night I have had Sir Simon Craw shay here. I have been playing him-the half-hearted coward-quite a long while for his ward, the rich Miss Challenor, and he is as good as captured at last. He went away after dinner with the usual introduction to Nathan in his pocket, and you know how that pans out." "Yes; they never draw back when they have confided in you so far as to extract that gentle missive," assents the doctor. " We may count on three, then-all told and quite as many as I care to have on one trip now that the boat is so popular and crowded with ordinary pleasure seekers. By the way, that new rule that ' specials' shall not be accompanied by the principals to, or by any one cognisant of, the private arrangement is eminently satisfactory. When we first began we narrowly missed more than one miscarriage through clients,by being on board, having the chance to relent st the last moment." "I thought that would strengthen the system and lighten the strain upon you. remarked Vizard, with the lazy self-con tentment of a man who has fathered a good idea. "And speaking of vigilance reminds me," he adds, stiffening up and taking a step forward to look down impressively into Zavertal's upturned eyes, "I had advies from Cincinnati a week ago that Kennard is in Europe." The doctor laughs, quite harshly for a man of such genial temperament, and for the space of two seconds the crow's-feet on his broad face deepen into visible channels. Then he says jauntily, "And what of that ? I beat him before and could do it again. They make a little god of him in the States-s the greatest detective of the age-but he doesn't often meet men." "Quite so," replies Vinzard, "and his present journeyings can have no concern with us. But as he alone knows you' scord, I thonght you should be aware that he is on this side thektlatlc... Of myself he has no knowledge--for which. perhaps, he rather than I rshould be on Doctor Zavertal's only answer is a smile of intense amusement. Then, after a psause, he rises, and draining his glass says, with apparent irrelevance "The 'Queen of Night' sinks al o otructions, eh Gaeton?" CHAPTEB L "Deuce take the luck" That was the phrase which embodied my sentiments as i kicked heels in the outer office of the Flower Steamship Company while the Directors deliberated on my case in the sclusion of the Board-room. I was as zertain of "the sack ' as man could be. [ knew it from the proverbial devotion of aur Board to red-tape; I knew it from the sympathetic glances flung at me by the lerks from behind the great brass- rimmed counters; I knew it from what good old Beatson--kindliestofskippers- prophesied when he promised to "speak a word;" and, above all, I knew it because I am a sailor, and- believing in presentiments, believed in that which told me that my hours as first ofeicer of the" Dahlia" were numbered. Directors are fond of letting their jaw. tackle run, so as they are safe for another ten minutes before they have me in for sentence, I may as well spend the interval in overhanuling my log of what has thrown me on my beam-ends. My name is Cyril Forrester, at that time thirty years old, five feet ten in my stockings, sound in wind and limb, and holding a master's ertificatein the mercantile merime, though never yet in command of a vessel, and a under present circumstanc".s never likely n to be. The Flower Line of steamships, as N every one knows, plies between London a and Calcutta, touching at the chief li Mediterranean ports; and the little in- C cident which gave those grim old hunkses t in the Ioard- room the chance to get their knives into me occurred on the last voyage out. Wue had left London on a Tuesday after- t noon, and all went well till the following Thursday morning, when we were steering a steady fifteen knots across the mouth of g the Channel. It was my watch,and except a for the quartermaster, who was steering, I t was alone upon the bridge, the captain r being at breakfast in the saloon. The s weather was thick, with a nasty choppy b sea, and the third officer, who shared my t charge of the deck, was forward on the t fo'castle seeing that the look-out man a didn't go to sleep. Suddenly my ears a were startled by a scrunching crash from, h as far as I could judge, about two hundred v yards off on the port beam, followed by c, screams and shouts which told me as plain 0 as words could speak that two vessels were t in collision close at hand. Almost at the same moment the haze broke a little, and a showed me the black hull of a steam-collier d slinking away to the westward, and a b smart, yawl-rigged yacht cut down to the I water's edge, and with scarcelya minute to a float. r altered the " Dahlia's" course so as to bring her round to the sinking craft, sing. h ing out at the same time to the third officer I to clear away a boat. As we neared the I yacht I could see that all was confusion on her, and no wonder; her one boat was stove in, and the rascally collier, instead of , standing by to help, was already out of sight in the mist. To make matters worse, I caught sight of ladies on the a loping deck, and I knew that unless the s yawl floated a few minutes longer they a would be in danger, since our ship came s round but slowly on a jammed helm. I was keeping one eye on the men en- P gaged in lowering the boat and the other on the yacht, when she plunged forward, then staggered back and went down stern i foremost, leaving her people struggling in the sea. Our boat was still at the davit, ' the freshly-painted gear working stiffly, P and I could see that any one who was not a strong swimmer would be swept away a and drowned before they could be picked e up. It was no time to reckon rules and consequences, and almost before I knew b what I was going to do my shoes were kicked off and I had taken a header from t the bridge. Our ship had greatly reduced the dis- t tance, and a few strokes brought me to the ' scene of the disaster, where about a score C of people were keeping themselves afloat in the best way known to them. Luckilythe t yacht was too small to have sucked them down. An elderly gentleman in flannels, with a life-belt on, was hanging on to a spar,and a man who looked like the sailing. 1 master was supporting a lady who was screaming at the top of her voice some word which I could not make out. The I rest-all men, and evidently the crew-l were swimming strongly towards the "Dahlia." I was beginning to think that I had been I rather too officious, when a draggled whisp of blue serge, rising in the water between I me and the gentleman on the spar, caused I me to change my mind and feel glad that I I had come. It was the insensible form of as woman, floating limply to the surface for the first time after immersion, and on the 5 point of sinking again, when I managed to grab her by the arm. I noticed no more than that she was young and lay quite a featherweight in my embrace, for my chief concern was now with the arrival of the boat. Looking round, I was glad to see it coming towards us fast, while the " Dahlia" herself was standing on at quarter speed i lest she should run down the yacht's crew, I who were already reaching her side. Seeing how I was hampered, the third officer steered his boat straight for us, and after picking us up went on for the sailing. master and his burden, last of all taking in the man on the spar. Five minutes later we were all safe on board the "Dahlia," and the two ladies, who were alone the worse for the accident, were handed over to our surgeon and stewardess. The passengers, who had come I up from the saloon to witness the rescue, crowded round me with the usual fuss of congratulation and curiosity, so that an other ten minutes passed before I could r slip into dry clothes and join the captain on the bridge. He shook hands with me 3 warmly, but he was looking as solemn as a church. "This is going to end badly, Forrester, I am afraid," he said. "You only did what any decent chap would have done, but you knmow as well as I do that it was dead against the rules. To leave the bridge with no one in charge is a heinous crime with the wiseacres of Leadenhall Street, and I am bound tolog the incident." "I never gave the rule a thought," I e said, "and I don't believe it would have made any difference if I had." There having been no loss of life, the ex s citement soon calmed down, and we stood e on our course southward. It was ascer tained that the sunken yacht "Norah" had been chartered for a channel cruise by Sir Simon Crawshay, the elderly man who e had saved himself by clinging to a spar, and that the ladies were respectively his e sister, Mrs Beauchamp, and his ward. 3ise 1 Arnme Cdaenor, the latter being the girl I whom I had nanaged to pick up. In the course of the morning I heard that Mise V Challenor had quickly revived under the t surgeon's treatment, and that Sir Simon had decided to go on in the "1Dahlia" to \- Naples, whence he would be able to take a his party home overland more expeditiously r than from Gibraltar. I saw no more of the ladies that day,umt t during the afternoon, being off duty, I was e talking to some of our own passengers on deck, when Captain Beatson passed in con. T versastion with Sir Simon. The latter had e been fitted with dry clothes by some pas e senger, and he appeared to be none the g worse for his dip. I cannot say that I took much of a liking for the man. I saw by Sthe furtive way he kept his eyes askance that he had recognised me, and one would have thought that under the circumstances f he would have wished to say something a civil But they passed and repassed a several times on their promenade, Sir SSimon always at that moment finding an Sobject of interest at the other side of the t deck, and Captain Beatson too busy with his dliscussion to notice surroundings. At a about the fifth turn, however, the skipper's r eyes chanced my way, and he at once Sbrought his oompanion to a halt, introduc I. ing me as the officer who got lii, ? Challenor into the boat.e L Now though I ome of a fairly decent e family myrself, my father having been a e clergyman and the grandson of a peer, I went to sea so early that my dealings with Sthe aristocracy have been limited. I was therefore not asure whether Sir Simon Crawshay's manner towards myself arose from blue blood or from a black heart; but even if it was infra dig. for a baronet to extend his gratitude to a mere officer in "the Merchant Service, I thought it singular that he sould show such callousness about his ward's escape. " Oh, indeed ! very interesting, and all that sort of thing, I'm sure," was the extrqerdinary reception he accorded me adding, with an artificial smile designed apparently to show an expensive set of false teeth. " And did you find the water cold ?" Then, without waiting for a reply., he put his hand on the captain's arm and wheeled him round to continue his promenade. "He's a beast, Forrester - a perfect beast," the skipper said to me when we were alone upon the bridge together that evening. "His treatment of you was only on a par with his conversation with me. He is thinking a good deal spore of the loss of his effects on the yacht than of the afety of his sister and his ward." It was not till the next morning that 1line Challenor appeared on deck and I Sformed the acquaintance that was destined Sto lead to such wonderful things. I can see her now, as she came forward with both hands outstretched, a dainty fairy of a girl, with a clear, fresh complexion and real violet eyes thatcould be frank without being forward. Her own simple bluc serge yachtin= dress had been dried and put to rights for her, and I should never have recognised in the smart little figure the poor prle, half-drowned oreature whom I Shad held in my arms the day before. As she thanked me in a few words for my help, I thought I had never seen such a pretty girl before, and-there! as the whole of the story hinges on it there is no need for aecrecy-I fell over heels in love with her there and then. 'i--e veryedto have been oj use,"I said, trying not to show my admiration In my face. " But there is really no reason why you especially should thank me. You see I just ' went it blind,' and it was as likely to have been one of the others I chanced upon as you. I am glad it wasn't, though." " You shall not rob me of my gratitude," she replied. "At any rate it didn't happen to be one of the others, and it did happen to be me, and-and I shall never forget it." From that beginning our friendship grew rapidly, as it only can on ship-board, and by the time the ".Dahlla's " bows were turned eastward through the Straits it had ripened into that latter phase of friendship in which, without awkwardness, there can be long silences. Sir Simon's demeanour towards me continued curt and distant- that of his sistater, Mrs Beauchamp, equally so-but he could not very well forbid his ward to speak to the man who had saved her life, and though it was plain that he viewed our increasing intimacy with cynical dislike, he probably counted on the coming separation at Naples to put an end f to it. If so, he was out of his reckoning by I about thirty hours. We were that time distant from our port of call, and I remem- 7 ber as if it were yesterday what a beautiful Mediterranean evening it was, when Aline t and I shook off the chrysalis shell of friendship for the golden butterfly of love. I found her behind the aft wheel honese-that time-honoured tryst of sea. going lovers. For several minutes we watched the white streak eddying from the screw without speaking. Then I said " Aline, are you sorry that your voyage on the' Dahlia' is se nearly at an end ?" It was the first time I had called her by her Christian name-a fact of which the significance will be appreciated by those who have "been there" themselves. Her answer came, faltering a little, but prompt enough for me " You know I shall," and then after a pause was shyly added the one word -"Cyril." This is no love story-there is sterner e work ahead-and I have not space, even if r I had the will, to write down here the a words in which my sweet girl and If plighted our troth. All I can say is, that t though I had seen thirty years without any sweet-hearting, it came natural s enough at last, and that when we left the t shelter of the wheelhouse we were bound by every promise to be faithful to each e other against all odds, all opposition. As c the time we should have together was to a be so short, we decided to keep our secret till my return from the Eastern voyage, i when I could try to secure Sir Simon's c consent to a formal engagement. Aline would not come of age for a year, and in the meanwhile, under her father's will, she was not permitted to take any step i without her guardian's sanction, though i in our new-found happiness we paid but little heed to possible opposition from that quarter. At the worst there would be 1 but nine nonths, from the date of my re- I turn, to wait before she would be her own mistress. So we parted, full of hope and mutual r trust, in the bright sunshine of Naples Bay, and here I was, on the day after the I "Dahlia's" return, waiting to be carpeted a for the " grave dereliction of duty" which had given Aline back her life. Even as I i came to the end of my reverie a bell rang, c and a clerk invited me to step into the s Board-room, where one glance at the faces c of my censors told me my fate at once. i The chairman, an old fellow whiskered all round his face like a cat, and having a fierce eye, rose at once-rose, too, as if he a liked the job. ?We have fully considered your case, lMr Forrester," he said. " While quite re- i rognising the gallantry of your act, we I cannot pass over the breach of the com pany's rule which forbids an officer to leave the bridge till another officer has come up to take his place. As a practical sailor you must see that the ship, and -ahem-the lives of the passengers might be endangero by such an irregularity. We regret a exceedingly on many grounds, but your employment by the company must terminate with the voyage just concluded." On the whole I managed to keep my temper, but I said a few polite things about their rules which made the old gentlemen look very thoughtful before I I bowed myself out and stepped down into the street, a cast-off servant. My first impulse was to charter a hansom and drive to the address in Grosvenor Square at which Aline said 1 should find her, but then there rushed over me the sudden remembrance that the situation had altered. For the present I was a broken man; and, although I did not despair of getting another berth, a feeling of pride urged me to take some steps to that end before pre senting myself to Sir Simon. I knew not 1 then that my girl was a great heiress, and that a first mate's proposal for her hand I would be nearly as presumptuous as that of a penniless pavement-trotter. I knew a restaurant frequented by merchant service men near Fenchurch I Street Station where the shipping news papers were taken, and thither I made my way to see if the advertisement columns had anything in store for me. Seating myself at one of the round tables, I gave an order "for the good of the house," and started to go through the list of vacancies systematically, but without finding the ghost of an opening in my line. Finally flinging the papers aside in disgust, I rose to leave the place, when my eye was caught by a written notice stuck on the wall. It ran as follows : "The owners of the sc;ewasteasnship ' Queen of Night,' 7,000 tons, used as a pleasure cruiser or ocean yacht, require a commander having the necessary certifi. eates. In addition to the usual qualifi cations as to seamanship, etc., he must be Sof good social address and able to act as host to the passengers on terms of equality. Apply to Nathan & Co., 315, Harp Alley, Fenchurch Street." As I finished reading, and beforeIhad digested the words, a lean hand was laid upon my shoulder, while a garlic-flavoured voice croaked in my ear: "The notish is Sto your liking, my young captain, I hope ?" Turning quickly on my heel, I saw that he. who had accosted me was a little shrivelled old Jew-or, rather, the quin tessence of about fifty Jews boiled into one, so pronounced were the national characteoT istics of fleshy lip, hooked noqe, an'd shining protuberant eyes that looked up"at mhe with a cunning leer. (To 1. roesie.. 