SNAP SHOTS Potted at All Points. News That's Going. Right Up-to-date items. Wind. Whistled. And spoiled play. Geelone a?ain defeated, this time bv North. The Magpies fairly lost the " Saints " on Saturday. Northerners are jubilant at their con tinued 6UCC68S. Kelly got another goal on Saturday. Keep it up, Dick. Snow and Miller, North's new men, justified their selection. Billy Monagle is undoubtedly tbe best man in the Ports' team. Harding is greatly improving. Wil- liainstown know it, too. Mereer's marking a feature of tho 'Town and 'Scray battle. North's team looked like midgets beside the Geelong team. Three Taylors played in the Geelong- North match on Saturday. Griffon played tbe game of the forty at Williametown on Saturday. Mercer, of Footscray, followed in groat style against Williamstown. St. KUda was tbe only team that did not kick a goal on Saturday. The 'Boy kicked four behinds to Carl ton's nil in the final quarter 1 CLoughlin played a great game for the 'Scray against Williamstown. Bravo, Preston I Conquered the Mag pie Juniors easily on Saturday. North did not give the Pivot boys the ghost of a chance on Saturday. Saturday's weather was all against football as she ehould be played. Manv of the most nrominent SL Tvilda players were absent on Saturday. Essendon District couldn't muster a team on Saturday. Bad, very bad. GeeloDg's " Taylor " cut out their two goals on Saturday like a tradesman. North were weakened by the absence of Dave Beid and Carrie. Business. Strong on fours on Saturday. North, South, and Richmond each got 4 - 4. Williams and Worroll had some great " goes " on tbe wing at Williamstown. The winners in senior matches on Saturday kicked 28 goals and 44 behinds. There appears to be a little discontent, ment amongst some of the Port Melbourne players. Walter Warren kicked a wonderful goal for 'Town on Satnrday in the third quarter. Many of the 'Town supporters want to know why Hall was left out of the team on Saturday. Owing to the verv unfavorable weather on Satard&y; the u Baxziness" at the gates was very poor. . Bulley, pf Footsoray, is a splendid goalist. He.baffged a brace at Wxlliams- .town, on Saturday. ' 'WlHiaffistown walked around Footscray : on Satnrday, and avenced their defeat of Ji7(h August last season. Skipper Jones' Jeg is not quite right yet. He played againet Footscray on Satnrday, notwithstanding. Up to three-quarter time Richmond were delighted, but Ewndon were only waiting for their usual finuh. My tips for nex: Saturday:— South Melbrtirae. Essendon. Melbourne, Foot scray, St. Hilda, "Williauietown. Umpires are using ihe whistle too frequently nowaday?. Crapp was in clined to this error on Saturday. Melbourne beat South Tasmania on .Saturday, the scores being: — Melbourne, 5 — 11 ; South Tasmania, 4 — 16. Tee wind spoiled Geelong' high mark ing, and North beat them all to pieces in ground play and playing together. tftotstorfetoOtoaHtfbred; - N&Mal8t.;'3aifta! took, to field ' ja- ')reif- fiefeted manner, arid CoredtonrltoliinSsas againstS— 12. FpeVbail«redulff tov ea glid II to cyduta hafirekeoa frw loads of. the told co Baturday jkfiate their tyres, "Kisre vrare nnmistaireble Ttvideneee of "funk" at'titrrte iOii- Baturdav on to part of tiro or tkreefortAIeUiournites. Swell of Fort Mclb6nri», )laved a fine, servioeable ama f.r his side, . I was pleased to eee nb rougfanres on ins part. ".. '- , ;. . The Williamstowji bojs are cot "a happy lot." There always teems to he something to matter ob Saturdays lately. r ; It we e very dpse game between Fitzroy Joniore and toe " Gitx" on SUntday. Only two behinds the dif ferent. Jolly hae not been doing himedf jnitioe in Sonth' team lately. He ..hae had a very severe cold. Woe not playing on Satnrday. Joe M'Shane, who played hie first same this setson, was about Geelong's beBt. M'Oallum played a fine game in the centre. Ton will be eorry to hear tot plucky little Harry Portly is unable to play. His old trouble with his knee has come bads on him. Weet Melbourne have provided Sonth with a good forward in the nuggetty O'Brien, who played a promising game on Saturday. Free kicks were numerous at Hobart on Saturday, Melbourne were penalised to tire extant of 27 free kicks, and Sonth Tasmania nine. The play on immediately the ball leaves the field umpire's hands after tbe throw in from ont of bounds is now a distinct snoosss. Was it anticipated that Satnrday would be a rainy day? It looked like it, as a water policeman was on duty at South Melbourne. St. Kilda men did not turn up in fnll strength at Coltingwood, and at one time it was thought that to magpies would have a walk-over. On Satnrday Coltingwood will play a combined team at Ballarat. Oallagban, Tame, and Tnlloch will be nnable to go away with tbe team. There is no doubt that Dinnie M'Eay is regaining a lot of that form whioh he lost e long while ago. His kicking on Saturday was first-alass. Next Satudsy Charlie Fiolay (Essen don) will sail for Queensland to regain his health. A benefit match will probably be played for hiin shortly. New expression of reproach to a player — " Yah I you're too slow to play bowls." The satire seems more irritating than the old gag about snail trapping. At half-time on Saturday Richmond men were counted. It was then O.K., but when the men took the field there were 21 inside the looal club's uniform. Dunne had bad luck on Saturday. Whilst trying for a goal he bed (he mis fortune to see the trail strike tbe post. How did the dark blue supporters sigh ? Mr. C. G. Wilson, tbe St. Kilda ciub'e delegate, took the field on Saturday uuiUQgwuoat Ai« suw uub uetkjjs of pluck, if bis paoe is not what it used to be. In the match Ports v. Carlton Fitz- p&trick; sprained his aoklo. He took the risks on Saturday, and played against Soutb, He was very dotty on the injured pin. Daly, of Port Melbourne, was a bit selfish. He should have played to C. Monagle, but preferred to take the risks himself, and shot for goal. Result — Miss. Wretched luck for Richmond again. Kicked three goals on Saturday, bet they were annulled owing to the yellow and black playing with more than the lawful namber of men. It would se&a; that a bitter feeling exists between tome of the supporters of South and Port Melbourne, judging by the biffing that was indulged in in the outer circle on Saturday. Young Butley, of North Melbourne, has played in six matches, and his team has won the six. Out of the team three times, and the three were lost. He is now regarded as a Mascotte. One of the Geelong team is a member of the Pormanent Artillery. He was quarantined, and unable to piay on Satur day, Somebody took ecorlet fever, and quarantining was necessary. Two old men, with beards like a prophet's, got into a heated argument at South Melbourne on Saturday owing to a email boy's rah remark that the wind blew through their whiskers. Tbe ball at South Melbourne on Satur day was very tight. In fact, it wobbled about like an inebriated man on a bicycle. What with the gale and tbe too tight ball, the men were often beaten by tbe leather. Northerners were disappointed at Gee long not wearing their red bands as usual. The similarity of the colors spoilt tbe game. North would have worn them had they known the Geelong were not going to. Timekeepers would do well to follow the example of Messrs. D. R. Hunter and Harry Goding. Eaoh keeps a written account of the start and finish of the different quarters, thus preventing pos sible quibbling. F. Palmer, wing player, and Charlie Alexander, vice-president of the Essen don club, have gone to West Australia, the former for good and tbe latter on a trip. Both car ry with them the best wishes of their club mates. On Saturday week West Perth and Fremantle played a match, which was won by the latter, who kicked 10 goals 22 behinds. West Perth kioked 9 goals no behinds. Lockwood got 2 and Decoit 2 for them, while Tburgood toed 5 and Chadwick one of the Fremantle'e ten. Some months ago Drew was most seriously injured by more than a ton of stuff falling on him. It was originally thought that his spine had been injured. Himmlv. that wab not so. He nlavad for Ports for tbe first time this season on Saturday, and performed very well, too. Tbe Y.F.A. committee appointed to inquire into the charges preferred against O'Cock, Aitken, B&lharry;, and Aehton, of the Carlton club, have decided to recommend that the association should reprimand them, ad disqualify Balharry and Aitken for two Saturdays, and O'Cock and Ashton for one Saturday. South Melbourne have scored over other clubs in the matter of vice-regal patronage. It has been arranged that Lord and Lady Brassey shall witness the match down Sonth between the local and Essendon teams on 14th August. How would it suit if his Excellency were to view the game from the deck of the Sunbeam on the lagoon ? At one time football created excitement amongst tbe spectators. Now tbe game is threatened at Soutb Melbourno by a dangerous foe. Bowls is the strong point, the excitement beiog provided by the way in which the bowlers cock their Iaoc inA acMB ittameclrn Kirn rnntnr. tionists in order to " bias " the bowl at the other end of the green. On the subject of his and his clnh mates' disqualification, Mr. H. W. Bal harry complains in Friday's " Herald " of a want of ability of Carter. Ihe £r-:d umpire, and then goes on to say : — " We were not allowed to call evidence on onr- behalf to prove our innocencp, and I cob- fider a great ininfiice Iiar been done me, being a delegate, and String nt thdtome fable r.s this committee of iuvesttonfjon. I look upon it ai tbev bavins ro fiih in one of their own deleft5. Tine i6 the first Ume during my Jong connection with football that cay unpleasantness ha? occurred between myeelf and en umpire, and, naturally. I feel very sore over it. I have appealed to the fnll Association, and if I don't get a hearing, and allowed to bring forward witnesFes to prove my innocence, I have only one alternative, viz., to resigc from the Y.F.A." to®. B, Mr. Erme CopeW to ton. roe, of to 'WobatoatriiC&reM; frare'Eagleliawk. . Tha cries of torreokere era varied and avrfnL Thenewert thing in voiosswa beard at Ronth Melbourne on BaWrday, when a drop-cbested youfc emitted terrible sounds like exaggerated shrieks of a seagull, in distress. One person, with a nou-mnaiosl ear, donbtleiSi sag- gteted that the lad's month abonld be plugged Up with mnd to keep hire quiet. Oollingwood ge to Bendigo on Wednes day. They arrive in tbe Golden City at U o'clock, end will be effloielly welcomed by to town (dark, in the abBenoe oT to mayor. At. balf- paet three they play a combined team on to Upper Reserve, and in to evening will oe banqueted. Mr. Sam Johns, tbe Mcutani seoerery there, has made complete arrangement to make to visitors enjoy themselves. 