FROZEN FACTS. NOVA SCOTIA, and British Columbia FAMISH most of the Canadian coal. MADASEE ALBAXI began learning raUsi<J "when she was only four years old. IT is a remarkable fact that the deepest parts of the sea are in all cases very near the land. IT has been computed that one of every eighteen inhabitants of Germany is a soldier. THE Japanese believe in ghosts, and pic* torically represent them as pale-faced womeil with hair hanging over their eyes. BULLOCKS have no foreboding or feal' of death. They will witness their companions being killed, and yet go on placidly eating and drinking. GREENWICH records show that for 14 years there has been an average of but 20 hours of sunshine in London in December. IN - China a man may wear the same garments for a lifetime without being out of style, so little does the fashion change. IT is reported that since the Czar announced his intention of maintaining autocratic rule in Russia he has been the recipient of numerous Nihilist threats and manifestoes. IN China the " ju ming " or " milk name " is changed upon the child starting to school, and again upon marriage, or in the event of selecting a trade or occupation. STATISTICS of life insurance show that in the last '23 years the average of man's life has increased 5 per cent., or two whole years, from 41-9 to 43 9. ABOUT two hundredweight of water from St. Winifred's "Well at Holywell is, it is understood, posted every niglit in sealed cans to all parts of the country, America, and the colonies. Ix Brussels during the winter the sculptors often make statues out of snow. These are exhibited in the public parks, and the proceeds from the tickets are given to the poor. THE temperature of the planet Neptune is beleived to be about 000 degrees below the zero of Fahrenheit, while that of Mercury is much too high to admit of a possibility of air-breathing animals inhabiting it. MEDICAL opinion, apropos the rage for cycling amongst women, declares that the exercise is peculiarly harmful for young girlSj and that it is a fruitful source of consumption and heart complaint. THE cost of the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at SIJ,000,000 francs, half of which is to be provided by the State and half by the city and the 'Department. It will be 33 miles in length, including a tunnel four miles long. AMERICA is certainly the land of promise for women. Miss Elizabeth Fleming has been appointed crier of the United States District Court at Portland, whilst in Kentucky a Miss Tompkins has been appointed Assistant Marshall of the United States Supreme Court. THE Brazilian soldier at the present day extremely well paid compared with European soldiers. A private soldier's monthly pay is £1 ISs., with Government rations, or £3 10s if he finds his own rations, while a second lieutenant is paid £15 10s. a month, and £5 extra when actually in the field. IT is a strange fact that while the teeth of the negro on the old plantations were remarkable for their whiteness, those of the freed negro of the present day are in an infinitely worse condition than those of his white brother. This is owing entirely to the change of diet and the coloured man's weakness for sweetmeats. IT is well known that oatmeal and bran have a most softening influence upon the skin, and if there is roughness it should be used in preference to soup, especially where there is any tendency to skin disease. Soap irritates, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healing cffect, and also allay the intense itching. Srn ROBERT RAWLINSOX has never forgotten that in early life he was a stonemason. On one occasion, while passing through Chorley with a friend, he pointed to a .stop and said, "That step is well set, don't ynu think?" " How should I know?" retorted his companion—a well-known lawyer, by the way. " I do," was Sir Robert's rejoinder, " because I set it myself." THE Japanese infantry is said to be sapplied with shirts and drawers uf paper, of course not such as commonly used in Europe, but a yellowish paper of such tenacity as to bear making button-holes in it the same as in linen. The various parts of the garments are partly stuck together and partly sown by machine or hand, and provided with porcelain buttons. THE Chinese are regarded by some travellers among them as the politest people on earth. For instance, in addressing a perfect stranger, a Chinaman commences his letter, "My eldest brother." The letter contains such a phrase as "May all the blessings of life be showered upon YOU, such is the wish of your imbecile junior." In speaking of his own family, the writer says, " We ants." The address on the top of the letter reads, " From my humble cabin to the glorious Falaro of P.Mrls for my elder brother." and the preamble is, "Tomy excellent attl benevolent brother who ascends the 6tair?ase of honour.' 