CURING CLAXTON. Ned Claxton was tho bully of tho works. A fair band at bis tr&dt; and regular as tho clock, bo had bo£n promoted to tho position of fore- maa in tho moulding-shop, vested with a little renl and much imaginary authority Ned had never boon a favuurito with any of the hands for a sourer or more tetchy mortal never drow v/ago at .Cruneloa Works. Bis olevntion made bim intolerable. It was a nine days wonder at the works thnt so gentle a rise in tbo industrial scale could- havo given any sane creature so in flated an idea of bis own importance as tbat which ClaxtcH possessed ofter being raised to the position of foreman. Ho waa ono of those who believe that authority is mount to be excr- oisod, so was v«-ry prodigal in his use of euch as lay in his hands. The 'preniicoboys abhorred bim, whilst tho older men would havo disdained to kick him. He was snappish and overbearing, without a thought savo that of gutting tho work out of hand as quickly aud cheaply as he could. And in tbis, it mny be obi'ouiuled as matter of fact, thut he was less Ruccotsful than old Dave Moikland, wbo preceded him, or young Bob Creerdson who followed him. Both wero quiet and methodical, bub tho moulding-shop prospered under each or them. Claxton wusn't always a bully. Boforo ho gave the job up hu chmgcd, aud it Was Bob Cruwdsou who changed him. Bob's treatment u.arlyg4ve CInxtcn hia final promotion — or degradation. But that's the story. Bob won a strapping 'youug fellow of twenty- two, smart aud steady, with u heud full of teohnicul sohool, aud nn irrepressible desire to get on. Ho bad served his timo at tbo Crnnu- lea Works, nod bad laid r.ne of tbo proprietors under k debt of gratitado to him, so was re garded as being peculiarly vull in '' with tbe mauagonittab. ' How Bob had dono himself a good turn wus by Having thu life of Norman Westloigh, son of Cbarlc Norman Westletgb, ono of tho proprietors and managing director of tho workB. Norinaa. a frolicsome iad of nineteen, wns in tbo fltting»shop learning tbe business. Bob und he had bccouiA attached to ouch other. One hot July afternoon Ncnuim had slipped out to havo a dip iu tho works' reservoir.. lie was a' poor swimmer, and after swimming into deep water became exhausted. His cries for help brought tho hands out of Ibo raoulding-sbop en Seeing . head in the reservoir, Bob Crswdson dashed into the water and after a bard straggle deposited Norman Wesbleigh on th bank, moro dead than alive. I'or which action Churlei Notmon "Westloigh iMd his son wero ever after grateful. Thu attachment between Bob and Normno grow stronger, Goncroas and true-hearted, Bob Crowdson detested Claxton " Ho'a a disgraco to the works." ho would say. M If I were principal I'd clour him in twenty minutes." Claxton learned of the mutinous thoughts and feelings which possessed Bob Crewdsou? and would gladly havo kicked him out of Ike place. But Glaxtou's authority foil short of any summary execution or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them koow it. The lalest addition to the large staff of the Oraselea Works was a wisp of a boy named Peter. He was a wee, blue-eyed laddie, with hair as soft and light as flax, and, accordiug to tbe best information to hand, was nobody's ohild. He was 13, had come out of an orphan age, and was living with an old woman whose principal moans of. .livelihood was an old- fuxbioned and creaky.manglo, ' Peter had come iuto the works to make his living, liko a man. Claxton bullied tbe boy until he cried from sheer bowildorment. On cold and stormy day Claxton scut Peter out for bis own dinner. On gettiug back, Petar tripped over an iron bur which lay on tbo floor it tbe moulding-shop, und in an InsUnt Clinton's dinner mingled with , the black sand and the fragments of the plafo whloh had contaiued it. A loud laugh broke involuntarily from tbe msn as thoy observed the disaster, and throe of them r&n; to the aid of little Peter. Claxton grew black as thundor. Storming at the lad for being a clumsy young fool bo administered to him a heavy cuff which stretched him a second time on tho sand. 41 '15ro," he growled. Uo right bnok to my house und bring some moro dinner, and let mo see you throw that away and IT1 sack you. Go on, you little fool !" It was raimng hard. Peter who had on but a thin ' slop " jacket, hobbled away, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of an hour later ho hobbled back again with tho fresh dinner, wot to the skin. At night tho lad went home chilled to the marrow, took to his bed, and remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by tho old mangle woman. 44 The scamp wants shooting for treating the kid iu that way," said Bob Crewdson, learning that little Peter- was at home straggling wilh a fever brought-on by exposure to tbe rain. "I'll pay him off for tbat somehow, or my name isn't Crewdson," he added, savagely. At half-past five o'clock that night Bob Crowdson ond-NorraanWestleigh were observed in subdued conversation in tbe engine-house. Crowdson was explaining something to Norman, tho youth occasionally interrupting him with a qacry or objoction upon some point,and Crowd- son-pausing to arguoor mnko-tbe matter plain. By six o'clock a<scheme, mutually approved of, had beendevised, 44 2 wouldn't like to get tho scoundrel tho 4sack,'1 though he deserves it," eaid Bob Crowd 800,08 iliey were on tho point -of parting for the uigbt. 41 We'll -be quits with him, tbongb, seo if we'renofc." Liko -most bullies, Ned Claxton was at heart an arrant coward. It was -tho knowledge of this tbat led Bob Crewdson to determine almost to 44 frighten the lifeoutof him,"for his harsh treatment of tho hands in general, and of little Peter in par ticular. It was six-o'clock onthe morning. .but one after Crewdson and Norman Westleigh- had plotted together in the enginehouse. Ned Claxton had jast entored tho works with a con sequential air. Bob Crewdson, hands in pockets, and tbo very picture of nonchalant in difference, -approached him. Good morning, Ned," said Bob airily. 44 Momm'," growled Cat ton, casting a con temptuous look on the young moulder. Bob Crewdfton started back. His hands rose before him as a look of alarm overspread his face. What's to do with you P" said Claxton grullly, with an oath. 41 Good heavens 1 What's the matter with you, Ned ? " exclaimed Crewdson, gazing with a startled look into Claxton's eyes. Claxton turned pale. Wha— what's to do f " ho askod, with terror iu toue>ond features. 44 Wby— you're liko a corpse, moo. Go aud look in the glass in the office. What's the mat ter with you P " 14 Nowt as I know of," came a shaky reply, as Claxton, now hardly able to walk steadily, pas6od on. Approaching the moulding-shop he encoun tered Jake Grainger, a moulder. Jake stopped ; stepped backward, and stared into Claxton's face, with a look of blank astonishment. " What's up P f asked Claxton hardly ablo to articulate a word, 44 Aro you bad, 'Ned ? " woo tho answer, with simulated concern, 44 Not ns I'm aware of. WliyP" ' You look moroiflt for bod tban work. If I irere yon I'd seo tbo dootor. Msn ! Yon aro \- n bite as a sheet." Grnmbliugrin< incoherent something," Ned Cl«tonrat5n3a»l„.on. .lYotk.had' started Claxton had occasion to go to tbo engiue-houso, Ilsrry Redfern tllo driver was oioaning up, after oiling and starting the engine. Ho turnod ns Claxton entered, and immediately cast upon him a look of amazement, " What's tho matter with you, Ned ?" ho asked, gazing intently at Claxton. '"Nothing. Why ?" camo the answer, as Claxton struggled hard to kocp a brave front under this third attack. " You do look bail. You're ss pale as death." " Am I ?" (etorlcd Claxlou, breaking down again. " Yon nro tbat. If I were ycu I would go homo nnd go to bud. There's sumrnat ou you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time." Claxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cursory glance round tllo plucc he pissed out nguin. IIu was inexpressibly miser able. Somotbing must be tbe matter with bim ho thought. Something was tbe matter with him. Ho could feol.it. After :tn nimloss walk around tllo works, ho arrived at tho Ultiug-sbop. Ho hud no imme diate business there, yut be entered and lookud around The hands were at work, Norman Westleigh had started anil saw bim as he camo in. As Claxton neured, Nor man stopped his wurk aud went towards him. " Ne— d ! " exclaimed Nonuan in alarm, " What in tho name of goodness bos come over you ? You are no pale as death, nre you ill ? " " Only -middling like this morning." was the answer. " You do look bad. I'd seo tho dootor at oncn if were you. Doesn't he look had ? " 1 'J he query was addressed indefinitely to the meu near. .. . "He docs that," was the reply of voices in unison.- ' "Bee the doctor," said Norman Westleigh, with a ponet.'ating gaze into Claxton's face. " 1 — I moan to," was fas reply, as Clsxton .turned from the fitting-shop, ' He could stand Mr, -nore o :t. A moment late he re-entered the littiuglshop and stag gered up to Norman Westluigh. " I'm. going home," he said, In shaky tones. Tult thom I'.-a ill, will you, Norman ? " " I'll tell thom," Raid Norman, lowering his head to hide the twinkle which wns playing in his eye. Before Clsxton reached tho door of thu works he was stopped by a fireman. "Whatever'slhe matter rcith you, Ned ? You look as pala us a ghost," was tho salutation. . " Had ! " was the ouswsr. " Going hoino, bad." Clsxton passed out, went homo and to hrd, end ordered his wife to bring tho doctor im mediately. His pale; amiinus lace wus n oufli- oient snBwer to her look of inquiry. His ivifo hurried sway. In un hunr the ductor aloud by Claxton's bedside. Tbat there was something wrong with tbe man the dootor felt convinced when ho had finished Ilia exominutino. -'nisxton truthfully reported that he felt too II! to talk or eat or do anything. As so the precico , Dntuir. a the ailment the doctor woo no ignorant ou a child. So he prescribed a uimple medicine, gave a number of wiso, hygienic iustiuctious and took his departure. On the following Friday Narmnu Westleigh f iltered tho moulding - shop ut three o'cioak in tho. afternoon in a state of high excitement. Walking up to Bob Crowd- son, be motioned to him to come outside. - Bab accompanied bim to a quie), career of Clio works. " Bob," said Norman, with nnteigucd con cern, " what in Heaven's name are wo to do f Olaxton'a dying. It'a a fact. They 'vo just sent down to the office to soy so. We're frightened him to death." " ' ' " Bo3h I" exclaimed Crewdson scornfully. " fit's true as gospol. He's worried himself to pieces. He's dying. They don't know what to make of it, only tbat he's ill and about done for. I.f he dies und it gets out, we're iu for man slaughter. Do you understand S" " Get me his address, and toll them I'rc gani) up to see bim. I'll make tbat oil right," said Crewdson confidently. An hour later Bob Crewdson stood by the licd-sido of Ned Claxton, For onco Bob wus alarmed. Claxton.appoarcd to be dying. "Ned !"he exclaimed, grasping tho sick man's hand, " have done with this fooling. You're no more ill than I am. Telling you you wero ill was all a ' nut-up job.' We did it to pay you off for boing so snnrly and brutal with little Pater. You wanted floggiug, you meau scamp, Now turn out and coir.c to work, and behave yourself like a man. You're as well us I am." Bob Crowdsoo told tho wholo story to Mrs Claxton and-Airs. Claxton told it to the doctor. Tho doctor looked grave, und than rated Clax ton soundly for being a fool. Whereupon Clax- tou commenced instantly to get better for very spite and perversity. On Rio following Monday morning Nod Claxton turned up at tbe works at tbe custom ary hour. He wes ohongerl both in looks and manner. The knowledge that he would-thoro. after be the laughing-stock af tho Craneleu Works was sn intolerable bnrda.e to him. Every vestige of- tyranny bad bran eradicated from, bim, and boauight have worked ou bravely-un- tilhs hud made . by-gouos by-genes,, and lived down tho old and- bad record, -ami tho laugh- had spent -itself. But the siglit-nf Iittla Peter, more fair and frail ' i.nau aver, coming feebly iuto the works a fortnight later was too much for hiin. " I'm gping. I can't Btand no more of it," ho said as- he rnshed into the office, made a brief communication to the timekeeper, and then slunk away- to tbe rear of the workB. They saw him no more. Bob Crewdson was put in charge of tho- mualdiug-shop, and little Foter was taken into the office. To-day Bob is the- trusty manager of Crane- loa Works, a clover, prooticid - scientist, good- hearted, and respected by 1,500-tnen. Peter is assistant - cashier, and may some day be but that's another-story. 