The Late Archbishop of Canterbury. Memorial Service at St. Luke's. The morning service at St. Luke's on Sunday last partook of a memorial character in memory of the late Archbishop, Dr Benson. The Vicar preached on 2 Cor. 1 1 : 20, '? Ambassadors for Christ,' and 2 Cor. IV: S ' Your 'servants f»r Jesus' sake,' He said ; The titles assigned to the Christian ministry -in the New Testament are many and suggestive. The Christian minister is a. steward— the distributor of all the good things of God in the Household of God. He is a pastor, ^a shepherd over the flock. He is called upon to feed and to tend, to discipline the sheep But I would especially draw your attention to two titles used by St. Paul in the'second epistle to the Corinthian Church when he speaks of the ministers as being both ' ambassadors ' and 'servants' or slaves— the ambassadors for Christ and the servants of man. The contrast between the two positions is startling, the one sug gestive of pomp and dignity, the other of lowliness and humility Yet strange as the contradiction may seem, both offices are fulfilled in Christ and his ministers. While it is true that Christ came in His Father's name, it is also true that he came as the servant of all. Ambassadors for Christ! In this im.ige three ideas set forth. An ambas sador has a commission. He receives power to act. While acting he is the ] representative of his King, and he has to ( act with discretion and diplomacy. I would ? dwell more particularly on the first thought, 1 the divine commission Nothing is plainer | in the gospel story than the fact that Christ | did not only come to redeem the world, but to found a kingdom. The herald proclaimed 1 the kingdom, Christ preached the kingdom ; 1 he laid down the laws of the kingdom in the sermon on the mount. In the parables of J the kingdom he revealed its life and growth. During the ferty days between his resurrec tion and ascension he spoke to the disciples 'of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God.' He had already given them the divine commission — ' As my Father hath sent me ever, so send I you.' He had given them authority by saying, ' That whatso ever they bound on earth would be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever loosed on earth woiild be loosed in Heaven.'1 The revela tion of truth and the development of the kingdom was to be gradual and pro gressive. ' He had many things to say unto them, but they could not bear it then. Howbeit the Spirit of truth should come and guide them into all truth.' Bear all this in mind, and then note the development of the Church's life and organisation in the Acts and the Epistles. We find the apostles instituting the office of the deacon and St. Paul making clear pro vision for the continuancy of the office in his first epistle to Timothy. The clearest evidence is forthcoming of the existence of the office of the presbyter or priest. He charges Timothy : ' Hold fast the form of sound words which thou hast heard of me, that good thing which was committed unto thee, keep by the Holy Ghost which iwclleth in us. And the things which thou hast heard of me among many witnesses the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.' Here we have the strongest evidence both for a continuity in the ministry and for a continuity of 'the faith once delivered to the saints ' It ma) be asked w'i\t traces have we i 1 the New Testament of the third order of the ministry, and how is it that in the Church of Christ we not only have the orders of priests and deacons hut Bishops,. In tin New Testament the terms presbyter and bishop are interchangeable ; but we have the clearest indications that already the higher office was merging from the lower, and at a later period the tarm bishop or 'overseer' was applied to the chief of the presbyters. God is a God of order, and a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand, and we would naturally expect to find in the church's ' organisation that some one would be com missioned to rule. It is somewhat remark able to find that James— the brother of the Lord — and in all probability not an apostle takes his place before Peter and John in the Counc'l at Jerusalem. He presides over their deliberations, sums up their decisions, and issues the decree. St. Paul gives authority te Timothy to ordain deacons and presbyters at Ephesus, and also authority to Titus in Crete. He does not allow the authority to exercise the ministry to all, and asks ' How shall they preach except they be sent ?' ' Are all apostles, are all prophets, arc all teachers ?' In his learned essay on the Christian Ministry the late Bishop Lightfoot says, 'Unless we have recourse to a sweeping condemnation of received documents, it seems vain to deny that early in the second century, the Epis copal office was firmly and widely estab ished. Thus during the last three decades af the first century, and consequently during the life time of the latest surviving apostle this change must have been brought about.1' Such a development as the Episcopal office would naturally arise out of the condition of the church's life, and we may well accept the' explanation of Jerome, 'That as soon as each man began to consider those whom he had baptised to belong to himself and not to Christ, it was decided throughout the world that one elected from among the elders (or presbyters) should be placed over the rest, so that the care of the church should devolve on him and the seeds of schism be removed.' The episqopacy was most strongly established in Asia Minor which had been under the aiit'ionty ot bt. Jonn Polycarp, who was a disciple of St John, is said by his pupil Irenaeus 'not only to have been instructed by apostles and conversed with many who had seen Christ, but also to have been established by apostles in Asia as Bishop of the church at Smyrna.'1 Here we have a direct continuity ef the office of bishop from apostolic times The writers of the second century betray no knowledge of a time when there was no episcopal form of government, and while every other point of doctrine or practice is discussed this is left severely alone. As the office of Bishop arose out of the necessity of the times, so too as the church grew with a view to consolidate its organisa tion, Archbishops became appointed. The various churches were welded together in natural groups according to the provinces ef the various countries. Sometimes the choice of an archbishopric would be decided by the importance of the town to which the See was attached. Hence the term Metropolilan. Sometimes by election ; this in Scotland and NewZealand. Asiri thestatc there is a Prime Minister, so in the church a Primate, but he is but the first among equals. There is no Bishop of Bishops, and it is interesting to note that the saintly Gregory, the apostle of the Anglican Church, is the first to re pudiate the claim to bei.ij; 'a universal bishop.' I have entered at length into the divine commission of the ministry, so that as English churchmen you may realise we have a sacred trust and historic heritage to guard, that while we cannot accept the imperial' I claims of Rome on the one hand, we feel | forced on the other not to forego the historic basis on which we rest and quietly to be absorbed into the shattered forces of a scattered Christendom. It would be well indeed if in these days whe'l all who love Christ are striving to unite with one another, if such bodies as the Presbyterian an.l Wesleyan, the one acknowledging the Episcopacy by appointing a Moderator, the other in appointi.is a President, were once again to co isHer t'.ie historic basis on which the Epiicopicy rests. We rejoice to see practical eiTorts in the direction of the reunion of Christendom, and the remarkable movement among the Wes leyans demands our deepen sy up it'iy The differences between true Wesluyanism ami the Church are very slight— one being that they do not hold to the hUtoiic Episcopate. I would ask the thoughtful members of that Church whether, while they are thinking over the question of reunion, could they not see their wav to reunite with the Church. Let them 'look then unto the rock from which ;hey were hewn.' Let them study whit Wesley thought of the Episcopacy and the Church —Could anything be more loyal to :he Church of England then these words of liis:— 'Ministers should be authorised to ex :cute their office by thoae empowered to :onvcy that authority. I believe Bishops ire empowered to do this, and have been from the apostolic age.' Again when he found that Ashbury, a preacher, ha 1 been elevated to the Episcopate, by Coke lie wrote to him as follows :—' How can you, how dare you suffer yourself to be called J'rom a Photo kiu.tly supplied by Gazette Engraving * J//*. C. //. /tin-; rose The Late Dr. Benson, Archbishop of Canteibury. a Bishop ? I shudder at the very thought. For my sake, for God's sake, for Christ's 3 ike put an end to this.' The fact is Wesley was a better churchman then many professing churchmen of to-day. From what has been said I am sure you will magnify the ancient and historic office of a Biihop and feel that a great man has fallen this day. It is not my purpose to give anything like a life of the late Archbishop, but I would recall some facti which may be of interest. The late Primate, the late Bishop of Durham, Dr. Lightfoot of re nowned Scholarship, and the present Bishop of Durham, Dr. Westrolt, one of the deepest thinkers of the age, were all boys together at King Edward's School, Bir mingham. The most gifted sons of Cambridge they formed that noble Trium' virate which the University has produced this century. Like many an Hnglish. Bishop, he gained experience of men aid life as master at great public schools, both at Rugby and at Wellington. Of the latter it may be said that he laid its foundation in the fourteen years of service as headmaster. For five years he was Biihop of Truro, and here he left a lasting memorial in the noble Cathedral which cost over £100,000, and bids fair to outrival in splendour and dignity the grandest buildings of the past. It is in teresting to note that the architect was Mr Pearson, under whom our own Church architect, Mr Backeridge, received h,is training, so that in our new Church we have a link with the late Primate's life a ul work. He who had been faithful in little was called to be faithful also in much. For nearly fourteen years he has been Archbishop of Canterbury and Primate of England, How ably he has fulfilled the vast responsi bilities and heavy duties of that office is known to all the world. He was an Ambas sador for Christ, and a servant of man fo Jesus sake. Returning from a visit to the Irish Church, weary and worn with a labor which on his part was not a duty but an act of grace, he sought rest at Hawarden. Within that historic Church where England's venerable statesman na- so oiten laKen nis part, — here ia the House of God, and in the service of Chri.t, ' God's fnger touched him and he slept.' He died work ing, or, as his revered Iriend Mr Ghdstone u reported to have said 'He died as a soldier.' We shrink from death, and more especially from .sudden death. Is not this because we feel the need of being prepared to die? May we not believe t'.iat the saintly soul of this man of God was prepared lo die. For was it not his daily custom to see the face of God before he saw the face of man. Those who had seen him, a; has been my privilege, can never forget the nobility of that face, which reflected the greatness of the soul within; It may be said of him as it was said of Keats ' His face was as though he had seen a glorious vision.' It will be appropriate if I read to you his own words 0.1 the preparation for death. Lastly, there is oie study, the deepest, hardest of all, which is equally necessary for every one to make some progress in be fore the application of it comes. It is the study how to die. We cannot think how ever it will be possible for us lo go through that. We cannot think how many of the dead, whom we have known alive, went through it. It i; a subject of strange and secret wonder how the p.i--t and how the future looked to some of them when they first said to themselves, 'I am going todie,' They said little or nothing to any one aUout what they felt They felt it would not be well for us to know all. Per haps they said, 'they sorrowed that tbsy had in practice been so little of what they often thought of l-ein-* to us.' Perhaps they felt that it would have been better with themselves in that hour if we who had been many years at their side had not tried them beyond their power to bear. What we are to others, and others are to us, comes like a clearness of a written drama befo-e in when we throw ourselves, even in imagi nation, into a dyiig man's position. One thing we hnpe. We hope that when it comes we shall not be morally passive. We hope we shall not lie on our death-bed like logs on which the cutter's axe is falling. We hone we shall nnt be there feeline sicker and fainter and weaker day aft.-rday, seeing confidence fail from the eye, and slip from the touch of him who would heal us if it were possible, and in ourselves have no sym pathy with the power which is drawing our lives beyond his eye and grasp. We hope that we shall be able with strong will to re sign each vital force as it ebhs away. We hope we shall with cheerful spirit leave those we love to strengthen each other. We hope we shall love them then, and not feel coldly towards them. We hope that when we thirst for something we have not, it will be a thirst for something that it is good and holy for us to receive, finally, that when we are on the p-'i it of passing, we may be courageous enough to make that passing our own act of self- surrender, and to throw our soul forward, as it were, with a bound into the hand of the Awful One who was the Author of it, and must now be its Eternal Judge. Yes ; this i« the one hope we cherish, that we may not die reluctant, as if under doom, but with life's onward action and life's hope fulness still present in us; looking tendetly looking calmly, back, but earnestly, before us. The call was short, and in a way he thought not of his hope was fulfilled. He was called away with ' life's onward action at the full ' Let us thank God for the life'.He has given, and pray that his high office may be filled by one well fitted to guide nnd mould the destinies of the great English Churc h. All that is good in a life cannot die— be it the life of a great Archbishop or that of the humble peasant boy. Born of the eternal, the noblest thoughts, the bravest acts, the tenderest smiles, these live and die not. The Ambassador for Christ. The servant of man being dead yet speaketh. As Sunday was the Festival of St Luke special pains were taken with the decorations of the Church, The altar was resplendent with a rich arrayof the choicest white flowers and above the cross hung a wreath of ex quisite beauty. The music was full chorali and the hymns chosen were appropriate to the occasion, and more especially was this the case with the closing hymn, 'The Saints of God.' At the conclusion of the impressive services the ' Dead March ii, Saul ' was very effectively rendered by Mr Stanley Hobson. 