FROUDE IN FACE OF DEATH. Among the recollections of Mr. Froude, which appear in the January number of the " Con temporary Review," the writer, the late Mrs. Alexander Ireland, relates the following adven- ture which befell Mr. jrroude, nerseit, ana some friends when out in a small sailing boat near Mr. Froude's resideuce : — .. " There was a whistling, keen cry in the wind, and we were hurried along by sheer force of the current of air and water. Opening my eyes, I was suddenly aware of a change in the scene. Au ominous blackuess lay ou the water immediately around our little boat. The sun still shone sit a distance, but we seemed in night. The cry of the wind was raised to a wild shriek, the water rose tumultuously, tbe fierce gale came down one of those ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them — one of those narrow clefts between two hills. The sky, too, had changed ; the sail almost struck the water ; rain and sleet fell abundantly. " Just before this change of weather I had been saying to Mr. Fronde, ' I shall never be lieve that 1 have been here ; it is all like a dream to me, this experience.' And my com panion had said, 4 You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not believe in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign ? or is there any other way ?' " His dark eyes were very close to me, and I added nervously, 4 Oh, 1 am only joking.' 44 4 Bat,' he continued, 4 will uothiiig remain to you of. these sights aud impressions after you leave us ?' 44 4 To me," I said, 4 all will remain ; but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another. 44 He made no reply. The 4 squall ' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the skil again dipping terribly. The little oraft could not be righted. Froude, vvho still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved : 44 4 Are you afraid ?' He spoke loudly — for the roar of the elements made it needful. v 44 1 met his look and said quietly, 4 Not in the least !' on which he turned bis head from me. 44 The storm now grew more violent. Miss Froude, who was self-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to be heard : 44 4 1 think we are in danger, fathor.' To wbioh the reply, given without a tingo of emo tion. was : 44 4 Very likely.' " It flashed through my mind with tho strange rapidity that is born of such moments, that a near possibility lay at hand of our all be ing drowned— siuce the capsizing of a pleasure boat in deep waters bus often led to such an end. 1 saw, in my miud's eye. the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought : Here is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age— myself 50 — he nob longing to live— 1 not longing to live. Hitherto 1 ha i been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat I felt an inclination to catch at - his arm, but did not. 4 Still,' thought I, 4 if we drown it wijl be together ' ; and conscious myself of entire phys ical disability ,it might, after all, have been that we should have clung together in that sunrerae moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my miud. For again Froude's voice said, close to my ear : 44 4 Are you ready ?' 44 And something nerved me up to add dis tinctly : 44 4 Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to be now and here !' 44 4 Well,' said he dreamily, 4 if 'tis not now, 'tis yet to come ; tho readiness is all ' 44 And almost as soon as the words were spoken, the boat righted, the stress of the storm abated, and we got under shelter of some rocks. 44 Then Froude said coldly, 4 Don't trust to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland !' And he gave me one of hiB unfavourable, searching looks." / 