THE CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. SOME STRIKING ADDRESSES. The meetings of the Ballarat Convention were continued yesterday, with increased attendance and deepening interest. The following is an outline of Mr Watsford’s opening address on Tuesday:—Mr Watsford said the subject we are met to consider is— The Pentecostal Baptism. 1\. The oharch’s great need. 2 t May it be ours ? 3\. How? and when ? We are here to wait on God for light and blessing; not to criticise or find fault. Any one who will do this will find plenty of work, but no blessing.. We are here to speak, not beaause wo think ourselves better than others, or better able to instruct—not for the glory of any church, for we are of all the churches. We differ in some things, but we are all agreed on this, that we may be filled with the Spirit. We seek the glory of God alone, and we are sure that He will bless us. The subject before us is the great dis tinative blessing of the New, Testament. The Rev. A. Murray says:—“ The spirit of God’s own Sou sent into our hearts to do each moment a work as divine as the work of the Son in redeeming us, to m»ke the Son of God divinely and consciously present with us always. This is what the Father has promised as the distinctive blessing of the New Testament.” Then (1) Hear what.the Lord says about this—what His will is, what He wills us to be and have, we may be and have, Hla standard of holiness for us we may reaoh, His invitations we may accept, Hiß promises He can and will fnlfil, His commands we may by His grace obey, , He means what He; saye. Ho not tone down His word to suit our own low and miserable experience. 2; Bo definite. To the two of John’s disciples following Him, He said, “ What seek ye ? "' That is His question to you to-day 1 Blind Bartimeus cried, “ Have mercy on me.” That was too general. Jesus said, “ Whatr' wilt thou that I shall do unto thee ?” And* he said; “ Lord, that my eyes may. bet opened.” Aye, that was definite; and it was done unto him. You may be here praying for a blessing; but the Lord says,- “ What : wilt thou?” What is the specific blessing you need? Lord, that I may bn filled with' the Spirit. That is definite. Keep to that. Don’t lose in a crowd of blessings asked for.’ Look for it at every meeting—now. 3. If you get it confess it. Read Romans x., 10; Psalms lxvi., 16 When the woman was healed Jesus said, “Who touched me?” He will have her ont to make the acknowledgement for her own sake, for the disciples' sake, for the sak“ of Jobus, for our sake. Some objeot to this—they will Ring of being whiter than snnw, of being filled; they will pray for it, and direct others how to' get it, but if anyone fallowing the direction get the blessing, and with all humility to the glory of Christ, confess It, they object. But Jbrus did not object to the woman’s confession. Paul did not hesitate to give hie testimony (1 Thes. ii., 10), nor John his (1 John iv., 16-18). Care and oaution necessary; give all glory, to Jesus. 4. Pray for speakers that God may speak through them, for hear»rs that spirit may come upon them—“WhilePeteryet spake these words th 9 Holy Ghoßt fell on them,” Acts x., 44. Pray earnestly, pray in.faith. To know God's will, to hear what He says we muat go to Hiß word; and what do we see there? 1. That every believer has the in dwelling spirit—John xiv., 17; Rom. xiii., 9; Ist Cor. iii., 16; Gal. Iv., 6; 2ad Tim. i., 14\. 2. That although he has the spirit he may not be filled with the Bpirit, In Eph. i., 13, we are told they wero sealed by the spirit, and yet iu Eph. v., 18, he says, “ Ba filled with the spirit,” for they were not filled—To have the indwelling spirit is to be sanctified, to be filled with the spirit is to be. sanctified wholly. In Ist Thes. 1., we learn they had faith, love, hope, for the gospel had come to them in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and so they were sanctified. But in Ist Thes. v., 23, He says that they may be sanctified wholly. The disciples before Pente cost had the spirit, but on the day of Pente cost “they were filled with the Holy Ghost.” When the spirit is given He is given iu His fulnesß, but we receive, possess Him, or He possesses us. according to our faith. In the believer, before he is filled with the Spirit, sin, self dwellß, though it does not reign; there is some of self and some of Christ, and there {b a struggle—the Holy Spirit seeking and striving to possess the believer wholly; but before he can do so sin, self, mast be cast out. When the believer fully surren ders, and accepts Christ for his sanatifica tion, trusts on the all-cleansing blood, then he is oleansed from all sin, is emptied of self—there is none of self and all of Christ— and at once he Is filled with tho Spirit. Two passages considered together, charity shows this.—ln Acts xi., 4—" They were all filled with the Holy Ghost. ’’ In Acta xv., 9 “ And God, which knoweth the hearts, bore them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, even as he did unto us, and put no difference between ns and them, purifying their hearts by faith. 1 ' 3\. That we may be filled with the spirit. Acta 11., 4, xv., 52, vi., 5. xi., 24; Eph., v, 15\. But wh'at is it to be filled with the spirit. This not to be taught so muoh by definition and exposition, but learned by ex perience. But while not fully known, we may know. In the word we read of’ some filled with fear, wrath, sorrow—they were not afraid, angry merely, but completely under its influence, so with believers filled with the spirit. We read that the sound as of a rushing mighty wind filled all the house; it was heard iu every part. So the Spirit filled every part of their being—mind, will, heart, conscience—and their bodies were temples of the Holy Ghost. If we want to know what it is we must go to Pentecost. As the wind is known by its effects, so is being filled with the Spirit. It is a personal, continual, divine indwell ing. And oh, what light is there, where was so muoh darkness ! How clear there views now about Christ’s death and resurrec tion. What holy courage! When their master was seized they all forsook him and fled. The boldest of them denied again and again—with oaths and with curses denied saying, “ I know not the man." But now the same man is standing on the streets of Jerusalem preaching to tbe murderers of his Master—“ Ye denied tbe Holy One and the Ju9t, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you, and killed the Prioce of Life, whom God hath raised from the dead, whereof we are witnesses,” Can this be the same man ? Yes, ’tis he; but he is now filled with the Holy Ghoßt. What love aud devotion to Jesus. He bad said of the Spirit, “ He shall testify of me.” And what a revela tion of their glorified Lord and Master was now given to them, and how it took hold of them. Now they grieved over sin becanse it grieved Him; now they rejoiced over peni tents because it brought joy to him; now they were ready to do anything, to go any where, to suffer anything for Him. They rejoiced that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for His name. And, oh, what power. They were filled with the Holy Ghost, and the same day there were added to them about 3000 souls. Soon the namber of the men was about 5000, Then believers were the mora added to the Lord, multitudes of men and women,” and on, and on the work spread, till it was said of these fishermen and taxgatherers—“ Those that have turned the world upside down are come hither also.” We say—" This is the church’s great need.” 1. That it may be raised to a higher spiritual life. All will admit that tho life of the cburoh is low. How muoh worldliness is there—how mnoh oovetousness. How many professing Chris tians know not of the indwelling Spirit—how few comparatively know of His fulness. How little work is there for Jesus, and how little influence on the world. O, if the Pentecostal baptism came, it would be like life from the dead ! What holy, Christlike lives would there be ! What a host of earnest workers; and what power in dealing with the world.”— Exekiel xxxvi., 23; John xvii., 21. 2. That our labors may be crowned with more glorious results. How many to- day are the workers in the church—preachers, teachers, Christian Endeavnrers—and yet how few sinners are converted to God ; and the reason is we have not “tbe Penteonatal Baptism.” Think, again, of ' those first days. All sortß and conditions of sinners were saved—tbe persecutor, the un believer, the vilest and the worst. And In what numbers 1 Multitudes, both of men and women, whole communities turned to the Lord. And how ? Not by any sensational attractions, not by the learniog and eloquence of the workers, not by any wonderfnl methods, but “ they were all filled with the Holy Ghost.” Think of renewals of later days; of the marvellous work in the day* of Jonathan Edwards, nf Wesley and Whitfield, Think of the Fulton street prayer meeting, and the city missionary praying nlnne' in the mid-day prayer meeting for the Pentecostal Baptism, and then of the scores o( thousands saved, of Firney and Moody, and their wondrone power and marvellous mooes-; and of all who have been greatly used by God in eaving men; and the eecret of all is thi", “ They were filled with the Holy Ghost,” Let us have the same baptism and we too shall have the same power. Not alt the same results and not always. Peter, filled with the Spirit, at Pentecost preached, . and the 120 wit nessed, and 3000 were added to them; Pan), on Mar’s Hill, and some were saved, bat many mocked; Stephen, full of faith and the Holy Ghost, and wonders wrought; but some, unable to resist the wisdom and spirit by wbioh he spake, had recourse to brute force, and they atoned him to death. No ! we may not all have great results, and not always; bnt we shall have more or less success, and as was said of the G-dites who came to David, the least will b 9 equal to a hundred and the greatest to a thousaod. Let me in conclnding refer again to Eph. v., 18—“ Be filled with the Spirit.” We cannot fill ourselves. Jesus baptises with the Holy Ghost. We speak of this passage—“ Bs filled with the Spirit ” —as a command that we are bound to obey, as a promise that God is ready to falfill, bat it is more than a command, more than a promise; it is the word of bestowment, the word of power. The Centurion Bent for Jesus to heal his servant. When Jeans was comiog the Centurion met him saying, “ Lord, I am not worthy that thon shnnldst come under my roof, neither is it necessary. Speak the word only and my servant shall be healed.” Theword wasspoken and his servant healed. His word is always a word of power. He said, “Let there be light, and there was light.” He said to the man with the withered hand, “Stretch forth thy hand,” and he did it. To the dead Lazarus he eaid “Come forth,” and he oame forth. To the deaf and dnmb man brought to him, " Be opened,” and straightway his ears were npeDed, and the string of his tongue was loosed, and he spake plain. The leper fell at his feet and said, “ If Thnn wilt Thou aanst make me clean;” and JeßUs said, "I will, ’Bs thou olean.” . Beloved .friends, . Jesus ' still lives, and ' His power, is still the same, ‘and He is here. Ton are in His presenoe ’now, and feeling your need nf being filled with the Spirit that you may live the life He would have yon live, and have the power for service whioh can alnne succeed. You are looking up to Him who sent the Spirit on the day of Penteoost, and you are crying, ” Lord, fill me with the Holy Spirit." And to you He says, “ Bs filled with the Spirit.” Oh, if you could only see Him with your bodily eyes and hear His voice—if He were now to lay Hiß hand upon you and say, " Be filled,” would you not take the Holy Spirit? Woald you not praise Him for the answer to your prayer? Though you cinnot see Him, He does speak the word of power just now. Oh, hear it; oh, believe it; and “Be filled with the Spirit.” 