NOTES AND COMMENTS. [By 'Thb Man in tub Moon.'] It is an historical fact that the cackllog cf a goose once saved Home, and Dcloratachas been saved from obscurity and made famous for all time ob the birthplace of tbat rara ari* u Elmer's Goose,1' which lived for forty years in comparative retirement and never once sought election to either Parliament, the Municipal Council or as a member of committee of «lthcr the local debating society or tbe improvement association. Poor old ffoose t What a train of thought your short obltnary notice in Saturday's Dai'y Ttlegrapk has opened np, and what a subject your demise offers to the poet, jiaintcr, prose-writer, or housewife. The latest exchanges from home contain full jiarticulars of the terrible devastation causcd at Sr. Louis in America by the c- clone, of which we were advised at the time by cable. Amongst the buildings tbat suffered was a prison, the end of which was blown 6ky high, but so terrified were the prisoners that not one of them attempted to escape, although that was quite possiMe of achievement. One would have thought they would gladly have grasped a chance of freedom, but there is no accounting for the disjKKitions of some people. Oar Penguin correspondent the other day informed us that a selection entitled ' The March of the British Isles,' played by the Sulphur Creek string band at a concert recently, '? fairly brought down the house.' Yet the audience did not leave, for wc were informed that a coffce supper followed which -was done full justice to. The air of the ' March of the British Isles' must be pretty strong to have had such an effi-ct on the Rcchabitc Hall, but possibly higb standard, which may account for the unusual outburst of enthusiasm. If the Fengninites arc loyal to tbe British flag the Barringtcn folk cannot be tai I to be ar dent searchers after troth in connection with the federation of the colonies. At least that is the only conclusion one can arrive at when wo read that the attendance at the recent lccturc given by tbe Premier of the colony on the subject failed to attract more than a doecn people, in oan sequence of there being a football match in an adjoining paddock. Evidently the Bir ricigtou settlers consider federation still in the air, and cannot see the force of listening to dry facts and figures in a cheerless room, even from the lips of such a distinguished personage as a knighted Premier, when there is a tubsle for supremacy going on in the football field. And so folks differ* Some of tho employees of the Xiannccston Marine Board are said to be regular atten dants at ensren on oundays, consequently when steamers put in appeaiance at Low Hsad on the day of rest nothing is known of probable arrivals in the city. Hence much inconvenlcnce arises. Now, as it is known that time and tide wait for no man, it seems incongruous that there should be any scruples entertained on tho part of those who are in charge of such stations against performing a - a very Blight and pec^ssary duty on Bun- - daje, and it is haroly conceivable that the I enforcement of euch an obligation would i have any baneful effect on tbe religiouslv iacliaed employee. Consequently, it i*s ] hoped this defect will be remedied without J delay. „ I Whilst Hobart has its ' ghost ' Mathinna I can boast of some petty thieves who continue in a mysterious manner to raid the larders of careful housewives, and even the tents of i lonely bachelors are not secure agaiiut the depredations of these midnight prowlers. The unaccountable disappearance of tbe Sunday's dinners bave been so frequent of late that the residents of this peaceful centre are at their wits' end, and some warm tiapsare reported to be laid for the pur lrioers, who may, unless tbej are gitted with tbe keen sense of the fox, fall a victim to a more serious ailment than indigestion. In New Zealand there is perfect equality of the seieB — except physically ,- aod what it bas reduced the young New Zealander in search of a wife to may be judged from the following letter which appeared in the Auckland Herald lately, ii is signed Peter Cautious, and the name is well borne oat by the letter ' ' Dear Mercutio,— lam wailing to see if the new women will succeed in making their ideas on marriage law before 1 venture on matrimonv. 1 wenlrf lit* mn to answer some questions : — If a wife * elects to take charge of the house,' does that mean being the managing partner? and wonld I have no say ? Could she turn me out ? Would 1 have to pay the piper at her will! If she 4 elected to become a mother' on oar agreeing how much 1 shonld pay her, must 1 pay cash down before delivery of tbe babe ? If 1 do, and there is no delivery, can I sue her for breach of contract and recover for moneys paid, or obtain damages? If 1 folly performed my part of the co&tr;&ot;, could she plead contributory negligenoe, or default ? How coald that be determined ? Would ber falling to deliver as agreed be a ground for divorce t Until I am BatisQed on these and other matters on this new Idea of buying babies beforehand, I shall decline contracting marriage- Supposing yon pay the price for a boy, and your wife supplies a girl, would that be a nullifying breach by which yon could refuse to accept the article?' Tbc Foil Bench should meet to decide these delicate points without delay. From the accounts to band of tbe strike of tho great wheel at Earl's Court last month, when a large number of patrons were sus pendei in mid air during the whole of one night, the experience appears to have been more amusing than thrilling ; and beyond suffering from tbe effects of a longer fastiug from food and liquor than usual bnt little discomfort seems to have been associated with the adventure. Since those who were suspended in the wheel have each been allowed a sum of five pounds as compensation the cute proprietors have done a rosriog busi ness, many wbo hitherto were sbv of the wheel now rushing it in the hope that it will be their luck to be aboard when another sulky fit attacks the monster. Many amus ing comments have been made on the event. Here is one of them great wheel during the other night were Ma stock up lot.' Said A to B, ' Come weal, come woe, 1 mean up in the wheel to go.' Said B to A ' Not me, I feel There's too much whoa about your wheel,' Some of the politicians in the Tasmanian Parliament were wound up to go tbe week when the House met, but in consequence of tbe adjournment they were compelled to keep thtir vilubilUy bottled np. Until they have a chance of unburdening tb«meelves on ib'^ir pet schemes, and uplifting their voic-i iu prophetic utter ance?, it will be wise on the part of their f ri- lids to leave such members severely alone, as the mental tension might be too tight to endure the vibration to their thoughts caused by the mention of matters of ordinary interest. There is something pathetic in tbe death r-f a New South Wales resident b aring the c.?t*tJoajta of John Lynch, wbo crasned the bar last week. Fifteen years ago he was lyirg seriously ill at the hospital in the Clarence disi rict, and, hiB life being drepairM nf, a collin was purchased and a grave dug for him. John was cot ready todie, however, and, hcariug of the arrangements made, he suddenly arose and, Basing bis garments, bolted from the institution. He evidently recovered, for it was only last week tbat he handed in bis checks, without, it is hoped, being reminded of his approaching end by such premature preparations as were deemed ncccesary by tbe hospital authorities. iuc «w.»iut.v Yinuog bpivbou Bcema w oe on just now iu Kuropc. We are informed by cable that the Emperor Joseph of Austria intends shaking bands with the King of ttoumavia at an o&rly; date, and that the newly crowncd Czar of all tbe Sussia^ In t- nds Btcpping over to England to visit the Qurcn before the Bummer deepens into autumn. Isn't it about time something was heard again of the projected visit of the heir presumptive lo Die British Throne and his better half to the colonics, inoluding Tasmania ? There would be eometbing of in. torest in such an announcement for the people out here, who can hardly be ex pected to evince mnch interest in tbc meet ings of Boyal pcreonages on the other side of the world* 