CURRENT TOPICS Travellers.-The hon. Alfred Dobson, Solicitor-General, who has been on a visit to England, returned by the Coo gee on Saturday afternoon, and left for Hobart by the express train. Owing to the steamer arriving late the express was delayed about fifteen minutes for the Hobart passengers, of which there were several. The Premier (Sir E. N. C. Braddon) arrived by the 11.30 a.mn. train from the N.W. Coast, and pro ceeded to Hobart in the afternoon. A Very Bad Case.-The bad case re ferred to in our issue of Friday ter minated fatally the same evening, the man dying in great agony, although everything possible was done for him in the Asylum. The facts, shortly, are as follows:-The man was sent in from the Fingal district,in which neighbour hood he had been severely burnt by falling into a fire. Instead of being treated locally he was subjected: to great cruelty in being forwarded by train whilst in such a condition. On arrival at the Asylum he was in a dy ing condition, his body being in a fear ful state,burnt. flesh dropping from him. He was immediately attended-to, but without avail, the poor old man dying on Friday evening. During the past month another case was sent in from the country, to die shortly after arrival. Surely country municipalities have funds to relieve such cases, and should not unnecessarily burden the Benevo lent Asylum with the funeral expenses, which properly belong to the' districts concerned. Conference of Fruitgrowers.--From AMr. Tabart, secretary of the Tasmanian Council of Agriculture, we have re ceived a copy of the proceedings of the conference of Australasian fruitgrow ers held at Wellington, New Zealand, last May. The book- contains a number of instructive papers:lby prac tical men, and is issued by the New Zealand Department of Agriculture. Benevolent Asylum Report.-We are informed that full particulars:of the ex penditure summed up in the report of the Launceston Benevolent Asylum un der the heading of miscelltneous were furnished to the Government,. but were "boiled' down" by the authorities in Ho bart, a large number of items being bunched together. Repairs Wanted.--"Ak Traveller" writes, complaining that the footpath at the north-east corner- of the City Park is in a bad condition, and that pedestrians are over their boots in mud inh passing the gate. IHe suggests that It is time the Corporation officials took steps to remedy the matter. Presentation.- On Saturday there, was on view at the cornerestablishment of Mesars. Dempster a nicely-executeo illuminated address, which has been presented to Mr. R. Duff, late foreman carpenter at the railway workshops, by his fellow employees. Mr. Duff le now residing in Melbourne, and the souve nir will be forwarded to him. Accldent.--About four o'clock on. Sat. urday afternoon Mr. W. Sutton, butcher, of St. George's Square, met with a nasty accident. He was coming down a lad der from a loft, when he slipped and fell to the ground on hii head, which was eut open. He lost a quantity of blood, but was immediately taken into the city for mnedIcal aid, and had his .iJuries attended to by Dr. Pardey. Mrs S~ ties Is now. progi lng favourab. , Intercolonial Band Contest.- This evening in the Town Hall a public meeting of those citizens desirous of Seeing the city represented at the forth coming event in Sydney will be held. 'At it resolutions will be submitted by prominent citizens expressing the de sire that St. Joseph's Band should enter the contest, and appointing an influen tial committee to obtain subscriptions for this purpose. His Worship the 'Mayor will preside. This contest has already aroused much interest in musi cal circles, and will be one of the keenest held in the, colonies for some considerable time. W~ith the prospect of such a contest in view it is thought that the members of the bands entering would endeavour to improve them belves, and thus be in a position to give citizens new music. Already a fair measure of support has been promised, and it is anticipated to-night's meet ing will give it an excellent impetus. "Church Messenger."-The July issue of this readable publication is to hand, and contains, in addition to an excellent portrait of Archdeacon Hales, the usual quantity of interesting letterpress. It is also notified that arrangements hove been made for enlarging and adding to the .interest of this already most successful paper as soon as possible, and that the whole business of the paper will henceforth be conducted at the publishing office, 75 Patterson street, by iMr. H. Button. All subscrip tions are to be paid direct (or through the local clergy), and the paper will be issued direct to country subscribers from the office by first post after publi cation. Launceston Savings Investmelnt and Building Society.-The annual meeting of members of this society will be held at the office, Elizabeth-street, Monday, August 3, at 8.30 p.m., to receive the 4directors' report and the. audited state ment of the accounts for the past year and to elect directors, auditors, and a treasurer. Ministerial.- The Premier (Sir E. Braddoin) and Treasurer (Sir Philip Fysh) were in the city on Saturday morning, and transacted departm.ental business. The Premier went by the ex press to Campbell Town, where he gave an address on federation in the evening. N.W. Agricultural Association.-The annual meeting of the North-Western Agricultural Association will be held at Lucas's Hotel, Latrobe, at 3 p.m. to-day. Tamar-street Church.-A series of special services for the quickening and Ideepening of spiritual life was com menced at this church yesterday by the IRev. J. Beaty Hart, a Congregational minister from England, who is visit ing the colonies in search of health. ,There were good congregations at each service, which were rendered attractive by the singing in excellent style of ap propriate hymns by the choir.Mr.Hart's subject in the morning was "Expecta tion of Blessing and Preparation for tBlessing," the text being II. Kings, iii. 16, "And he said, Thus said the Lord, Make this valley full of ditches." The preacher pointed out that these words ,were uttered under the inspiration of nmusic, so soothing to the irritated spirit of men, and he then proceeded to draw attention to the power for good of a consecrated choir in church ser ;vices. The words in the text ordered trenches to be prepared for the preser vation of rain; and Mr. Hart appealed to his hearers to make similar breaks In their lives in order to make room for )God, and breaks in the routine of their church life to receive poor outcasts into the fold of Christ. They should open their hearts. for the reception of the Lord. In the afternoon a children's service was held, when Mr. Hart de livered a suitable address on the vice of selfishness, and urged the young people to cultivate that greater enjoy ment which they would derive from sharing their privileges with others. At the evening service the same preacher selected St. John i. 39 as his text-"He saith unto them, Come and see," and on this based an interesting discourse, in the course of which he urged his hear ers not to be discouraged by the incon sistencies of some professing Chris tians, but to take higher ground, and come and see for themselves what Christ had done for the world. During this week special meetings will be held klaily at this church-prayer meeting at 12.30, Bible reading at 3 p.m., fol lowed by service at half-past seven. Holy Trinity Church.-A social to commemorate the jubilee of Archdeacon Hales's ordination will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, July 30, at 8 p.m. A meeting of the congre gation (to arrange for the social) will be held in the school-room on Tuesday next, at 8 p.m. Mr. T. S. Cleminshaw is the hon sec. Sheepstealing.-At Mount Direction yesterday Superintendent Beresford, with constables Shegog and Lonaghan, arrested a man named Joseph Storey on a charge of having on the 18th inst. stolen a sheep. The accused, who leaves at the Mount a wife and three children in great distress, will be brought up at the police court this morning. Special Service.-A special service was held at Christ Church last evening in the presence of a large congrega tion. The Rev. W. Law presided, and an earnest address was made by the Rev. H. Jones, M.A., the subject being the occasion of the Lord's Supper. A collection was taken up in aid of the poor. This was the final meeting of the week of special services. Northern Macquarie Road Trust. Messrs. Henry Foster, of Merton Vale, and Norman Nicaolson, of Camelford, have been nominated for the vacancy In this trust. A poll will be taken on (Wednesday, commencing at 11 a.m. and closing at 2, at the following places: IKean's Hotel, Campbell Town; Bald Face Stag Hotel, Cleveland; and Police Station, Barton. District Nurse.-Notification is given that until further notice messages for the district nurse should be left at Dun cing and Brown's, Brisbane-street. Charity Fete.-The joint committee, jonsisting of members of N. T. Football and Early Closing Associations, who have organised the fete have matters well in hand, and, granted fine weather, the outcome,tioth flnalacally and other i* shoulid i ma ea ailsaotory as waa ;he fete of last year. Besides the foot lall match and bicycle match West v. Lrordham, a lawn tennis tournament vill take place at the Cricket Ground, nd the energetic secretary of the Q.T.W., Mr. P.Colquhoun, has arranged L one- mile open bicycle race, entries be ng received by him. The programme .or the evening, which takes the form )f one of the Early Closing Associa ion's popular concerts, will be held in he Albert Hall, and has been specially rranged. Instrumental and vocal tems, recitals, and a special display by :he Union Jack Gymnasium Club, with aew and novel limelight effects by Mr. D. Bishop, will form a bill of fare tnat .s bound to be acceptable to the large audience that is sure to show its ap •reciation of the efforts of all concerned .n raising funds for the joint benefit of ,he Benevolent Society and District Turses' Association. Metropolitan Drainage Beard.-Ten lers are invited by the Metropolitan Drainage Board (Hobart) for the com pletion of the detailed plans of the ur ban portion of the metropolitan drain ige area. Full particulars may be ob tained from Mr. Mault. Property Sale.-Messrs. Harrap and Ion have received instructions from the mnortgagees to offer for sale at their mart on August 24, at noon, 160 acres of land at Kentishbury. A Cricketing Souvenir.-We have been shown an interesting souvenir of the present tour of the Australian Eleven in England, in the shape of one .f the team's belts, which has been sent out by Mr. Eady, the Tasmanian repre sentative, to a relative in this city. The belt is dark blue, with two narrow stripes of gold, and on it is a hand some representation of the Australian coat of arms, with the kangaroo and emu on either side, and beneath it "Advance Australia." The belt has been much admired. V.D.L. Bank.-A meeting of creditors in this institution will be held at the Masonic Hall,Murray-street, Hobart, on Thursday, 30th inst., at 3 p.m., to re- ceive the liquidators' report and balance-sheet for the half-year ending June 30. At 3 p.m. on the following day the shareholders' meeting will be held. The Ghost Scare.-Almost the sole topic of conversation in all mouths on Saturday and yesterday was the "ghost" and his escapades, and sundry rumours were flying round as only rumours will. The "phosphorescent charmer," by all accounts, was in evidence on the former evening in the vicinity of the Deanery in Margaret-street, but his mesmeric influence was apparently little felt, the number of people about no doubt act ing as a wholesome check on his opera tions. Between nine and ten o'clock the report was current that Constable Gregory and some boys had captured the "spirit" near the Deanery, and lodged him in the local lock-up. En quiry at headquarters, however,showed there was no ground for such a report, which on the face of it was a pure fa brication, inasmuch as Constable Gregory has been-and is now-on sick leave. Nor do the police attach any importance to the prevailing epidemic. They have received no reports on the matter, and they stoutly maintain, "from information received," that the "ghost" has no real existence. It will therefore be necessary that the "ghost" -if there is such a one among us should take an early opportunity of scaring a policeman or two into the middle of next week if he would have his personality established beyond all possibility of doubt. The general pub lic-and especially the female portion by no means share in this indifference. That there is a "ghost" there seems no reason to doubt, and that there are numbers of people who are mistakenly convinced they .have seen it is equally certain. It would, however, appear that what. has caused the sensation is not a kinid of "Springheel Jack" who can first give people a scare and then jump 15ft. in' the air over them, but.a power ful magic lantern-a sort of miniature search light, which is made to play on the fence round the Deanery and up and down those in Babington and Middle streets, and which is probably worked from a verandah higher up the hill. This, at any rate, is the opinion of a level-headed man who was startled by the apparition on Saturday even ing. "The Corner."-In Dempster's "Cor ner" advertisement in this issue will be found a list of the latest novelties for gentlemen's wear which they have in stock. The materials cover a large range, and the firm promise a good fit and excellent workmanship. The Soudan Expedition.-There is considerable dissatisfaction with the explanations given in Parliament re specting the Soudan expedition. The Government refuse to take the public into their confidence, either as to the object of the expedition, or as to the means by which it is to be paid for. Ministers leave the impression that they have not even yet finally decided on their plan of campaign, and this attitude gives a certain amount of cor roboration to the story that they and Italy and Germany are arranging for a new deal in North-East Africa. Italy, it is alleged (says the London corres pondent of the "Argus"), is to abandon a great part, if not the whole, of her Abyssinian territory, and it is added that there is to be a partition of that territory between Germany and Eng land-as the best means of checking Russian and French designs in the Abyssinian highlands. It may be asked, why should Germany be permitted to come into this arrangement at all? Those who profess to know declare that these concessions are made to her as the price of Germany's withdrawal from all intervention in the affairs of the Transvaal. The story requires con firmation, but It is by no means impro bable. The Water Trees of the Canary Is lands.-The weeping tree of the Canary Islands is one of the wonders of plant life. It is of the laurel family, and rains down a copious shower, of water drops from its tufted foliage. The water is often collected at the foot of the tree and forms a kind of pond, from which the inhabitants of the neighbour hood can supply themselves with a beverage that Is. absolutely fresh and pure. The water comes out of the'*ree itself through innumerable little porer situated at the margin of the leaves. It issues from the plant as vapour dur ing the daytime, when the heat is suffi ciently great to preserve it in that con dition; but in the evening, when the temperature has lowered very much, a considerable quantity of it is exuded in the form of liquid drops that collect near the edges of the leaves until these members so bend down under their in creasing weight as to pam for them, the limit of the angle of repose, when the tears tumble off on the ground below in a veritable shower. "Women's Rights."-The old idea that "what is the wife's is the hus band's, and wha.t is the husband's is his own" cannot hold water now, and when the new woman has a say in the matter it will probably be decided for ever and aye. On Thursday a rather interesting case and judgment in point came off at the Adelaide local court, presided over by his Honor Mr. Commissioner Russell. A couple, who had been married for 13 years, had a disagreement, which led to the wife leaving abruptly, or, as she asserlted, being ordered out. She de manded her raiment and paraphernalia, but he refused, whereupon she sued him for damages. Her case was that she was turned out, and his was that she left of her own will, and he considered that she had no claim upon property bought with his money, which, however, she contended was given her before mar riage by her mother. A notable decision in the records of the English courts in favour of a wife who left her husband's house, took refuge with her friends, and was forcibly abducted by him, brought back to his house, and kept in gentle durance, was referred to. Com missioner Russell took much the same view yesterday of the case before him, which, he remarked, was as far as he knew novel here. He decided in favour of the wife, who had borne testimony that the raiment was hers, and ordered accordingly. If this had been a case in which the litigants were of wealth and position it would probably have gone further and become a cause celebre. The counsel for the defence did indeed suggest an appeal to a higher court in the way of a special case. It would be interesting to know what the fate of the old husband would be if he bolted from the "new woman," and left his ward robe behind him. She would probably generously present him with a pot of paint, and appropriate the bifurcated nether integuments herself. An. Extraordinary Story.-An extra ordinary story was told at an inquest at Peckham on Friday. Twenty-six years ago the dead man was speaking with a half-sovereign in his mouth. Suddenly lie exclaimed, "I've swallowed it." It was true; he had, and the coin was produced at the inquest. It bore date 1866, and for more than a quarter of a century had been embedded in the left branch of the bronchial tube, with out apparently injuring its holder, who died from a diseased heart. We are reminded (says the "Westminster Gazette") of the case of the peer who swallowed half-a-crown whilst engaged in the performance of a conjuring trick. In this case the "holder for value" is alive and well, not a penny (or perhaps we should say half-a-crown) the worse. 