THE OEDERERS. dqome^tcTdeath. i ' A PLEA FOB BfiEKCV \ Made from tlic Pulpit. A. Contrast with Piddiugtou. The two young Dederers recently sentenced to death at Tamworth by Acting-Judge RogerB, for the murder of an Afghan hawker, near Hoggabri, are said to view their impending doom with a sort of sense lesB, or stupid-stolid indifference. In accord ance with certain instruction?, or rather sugg stions made from the Bench by Mr. Acting-Judge Rogers, to the effect that in view of what had transpired at the trial, it would be more seemly and, therefore, nre'erable that some chaplain other than Archdeacon Piddington should spiritually minister to the two condemned men during their last days on eartb, the Rev A. Hobs, Church of England curate at Tainworth, has been appointed to attend them. This is undoubtedly a wise, not to say, decent announcement in view of tbe part played by tho Venerable Archdeacon Piddington in the trial and conviction of these two most unfortunate young; men. It will be in the recollection of Tboth's readers that Archdeacon Fiddington in tbe course of his visits, in his capacity of chaplain to Tamworth Gaol, to the Dederers while awaiting trial, pestered aad badgered them into confessing their guiit; and, it would seem, according to his own evidence against them in tbe witness-bos, fully suc ceeded. On tbe bad taste, and illegality, of a chaplain, in the course of the exercUe of his sacred functions as spiritual adviser to prisoners, using— or, rather, abusing— his sacerdotal position to worm secruts out of them and then deliberately jumping into the witness-box to give the secret, thus obtained, in evidence against them, when they stood on trial for their lives, TB0TH, in its issue of the -Kb. inst, wrote aa follows :— Whatever tliis man of God may think of his holy functions, be will probably have tound ere this that whatever his notions as to what is really the duty of a Minister of the Gospel may be, ninety -nine persons out of every hundred will reprobate tbe practice of utilising tbe access which that sacred office may give to the interior of a gaol, in order to extract confessions from prisoners, especially front CUose whole necks are in jeopardy. It is all very well fir this Arch deacon to declare that, u» regards the eonfeuioa ?f murder obtained from the Dederers, ' he had never put it aB a matter of inducement or advan tage to them lo tell the truth, as being litely.to , be of any benefit to them.' That is nut tbe point. Thu startling, not to Bay shocking, fact tcBtifiod to by Piddington when ttma two wretches were oa trial for their lives, was that in hie capacity as gaol parson, he had, by persistent persuasion, urjed them to confess their crime, and ha«inK secured their joint and several con fessions, cJrried them into tha witness- box to repeat the terrible tale, eo obtained in evidence against them. We don'c assert that tbe Arch deacon's evidence hanged the Dedsren ; what we do say is, that the secrets confided to lawyers, doctors, priests, and parsons ought to bs sacred, and, from time immemorial havt, in but rare instances, been treated aa such. Archdeaoon Piddington 's notione upon this matter are, to Bay the least, peculiar. They are contrary to the practice and precedent of cantnries. Piruss who wheedle secrets out of prisoner;, and then blurt them oat in the witness-box, ought not to be permitted to pry into the inner secrets lof a gaol. They are a danger to tbo lives and liberties of the inmates awaiting trial. It is little short of astounding that Acting- Judeo Rogers per mitted each evidence to be given, especially after Piddiogton's admission aa to thy manner in which he came by it. His evidence was not necessary to seal the Dederers' doom, and ought no: to have been eiven. MrLevien'a indigna tion at iti admission was more than juetiu'ed: and, if the verdict and sentence were to be appealed against on that ground alone, there is strong reason lo believe the two unhappy youtliB would escape the awful fate waich now awaits them. To the opinions thus and then expressed, we adhere. They have been endorsed by the ' Bulletin,, and pretty generally by public opinion, and to Eome extent by Act ing-Judge Rogers himself in the instructions he cave for relieving the two Dederers of Fiddington'e ghostly councile. A ghastly farce it would have been, to be sure, to have allowed the chief witness against them on their trial, which resulted ia their condem nation to death, to have continued to act as their spiritual adviser, who would bave been exhorting them to prepare for the awful doom which he had been one of the main in struments in bringing upon them. All honor to his Honor, Judge KoyerB, for his action in relieving these two unhappy yonng men from the parsouieal presence of this ' peach ing' preacher, Piddington. Tkijth still maintains, however, humane and just as he undoubtedly is, Judge Rogers erred in per mitting Piddington to give the evidence he did ; and still maintains that bad the Dederers had friends or money to test the matter for them on appeal before the Fall Court, the verdict and sentence which consigns them to the gallows would have been uptet, on the ground of the wrongful admission of this Piddingtonian evidence. Alae I how helpless and forlorn are those who have neither friends nor money in this fair free (?) land I How the inexorable law crushes them into idiotiy between the fonr stone walls of a ' solitary ' cell, or strangles the life out of them on the gallows tree i What a case for the appointment of a Public Defender does not the trial and probable fate of these two poor wretched, wicked aud ignorant Dcderer youths establish I When will the. Australian Democracy emancipate itself from the deadly grip of Old Lag Laws 1 God speed the day. Meanwhile the Dederers are said to give respectful heed to the Rev. Ross' kindly Christian ministrations, though their ignorance and neglected past apparently prevent them giving them any intelligent appreciation. They sing hymns together, not became they appear to realise the words or even to recognise the tones, but simply to while away the tedinm and monotony of these their last dailc days on earth. And this is in OhrisUau Australia, with its Chinese Missions at heme, and its Chinese Missions abroad. What a satire on our religion and civilization. While pnblic indignation at the manner and method of the trial by which these young men have been brought to the foot of the gal lows tree grows and. swells, it is also manifes ting itself in pity and mercy for them in their fearful fate. In Tamworth— in the very town where the Venerable Archdeacon Piddington lives and ministers— the resi dents are moving in the direction of peti tioning for mercy for the two condemned. Not only in the town of Tamworth itself, bnt throughout a very wide are* of the north-west region of the colony tbe people are almost unanimously praying tbe Execu tive, by way of petition, to mitigate-jtte Dedereri doom, by respiting them, an* «6n-^ signing them to a less terrible fate than that of death at the hangman's hands. May they sneceed. A little of the heavenly balm of mercy at the present time would fall upon tbis judicially parched land with gratefnl freshness, even as tbe dew of Hermon tbat (ell upon the hill of Zien. On behalf of these two youths, now lying nnder the shadow of the gallows, and by way of co- operating with those good people of the far north-west who are making efforts to save their wretched forfeited lives, Truth publishes the summary of a sermon — 'A Plea for Mercy' — preached last Snnday by the Rev. A. E. J. Boss, M.A., at St. John's Church, Tamworth. The reverend gentleman's discourse was based on the text of Luke xxiii 39-13 : And one of the malefactors which wrfl hanged ruled on him snjriug ; It tuoa be tbo Oarisl, tare thjeelfai'.d ue. But the other answering, rclmkod him, sajine, Dost thon not fear God seeing tfaou arc in the enrnc condemnation ? And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our d':eds ; but this man hath done uuthius And he said unto Jesus : Lord, remember me when tliou comestiuto thr kingdom. And Jems toiil unto him : To-day shalt thou be with me in Paradise. After dwelling on the promises and assur ances given by our dyina Lord to the Impertinent Thief, he went on to say : Here I cannot but refer (o two vouns; livss now ia the prison of our town, for a capital offence. What is to be their fate V Some will say that jualice demand* death as their end in order that the law of the land, which in this casa is also a law of nature, might bo execnted. 1 know there is an external law enacting that ha who deairoys the life of a being posterned of a personal, moral, and responsible trill, must make eatisfaction. But how ? In all cases in tbe same manner? I am told, forsooth, that tbe law is the Goel, avenging tbe murder of one who has had his time ot probation but short, his day of graco abridged, who has had one to step in between him and his moral governor frustrating-, as far as may be, God's purposes of love ana mercy for his soul. If, however, by the Father of Spirits a merriful eye ib cast upon the wrong doeis for this the greatest insult to Him who is th? l*ving Father of all men, surely our law may bo sufftred to do likewise. While holding that just law and true policy have no antipathy, I can conceiv« justice even pleading for mercy btrc after investigation, not only »f the case, but also of the circumstances surrounding tbe lives of the perpetrators ; tbis, in order that what was meant lor terror, may not be turned to rigor. For all that what is justice ? If it be true that it ia the natural feelings of resentment moralised by bsisg made co-extensive with the demand ut social good, then it is also true that particular cases may occur, iu which other social duty is eo important as to over-rule any of the general maxims of jutttCB. It is not mere humanity which prompts the nrging of this. I am well aware that humanity being largely the offspring of sensatioa rather than oi reason, is not therefore to be expected always to be con sistent and wise. Rather is it true Christian charity, that eharity which occupies itielf with the unhappiest members of the population ; that charity which concirns iUelf specially with thoie who, born into a life stricken and stunted, aod blind with ignorance, can make but a pitiful fight of it her*, and who are Bwept lightly down the loathsome waters of crime and woe ; that charity which here hopes for much, because it sees in the hiilorpof social improvement, a series of transitions by which customs and institutions save fallen from their proud position of supposed primary requisite* of social existence, and wasted into the ranks of universally stigmatised injustice cruelty and tyrasvny. The charity weuld new ses tbe commutation of the death sentence in cos* of these yeung lives ; woull see them entered upon a life, necessarv of durance, where the atmosphere will be as little vicieas as possible ; weuld see them started in a discipline where bavins; opportunity for the exercise of repentance, faith, and prayer; they may at length learn what earth was made for, ani what life means when ennobled in its pur pose by the revelation and the power of Christi anity, making each individual a temple of the Holy Ghost. There is e. well-known statement in modern ethical philosophy, tnat the moral promptings of any normal individual hsrmonise on ttie whole with the general interests of the community of which he is a member. What is the moral prompting of any normal individual in our community, on this question ? That life be spared, and tktt the messige be borne to them which tells ot a tide of grace, breaking bright and broid, which tide will surely reach to them as to The penitent on tho Cross, in whom, as in them, \va discern the germ of faith, hope, love, and repentance.. What a noble appeal ; how instinct with the spirit of Christ ; in what striking contrast with other recent utterances in another place by another accredited Servant of the Master, which helped to hurry these two unhappy men to their doom. Jiay the Executive on Tuesday next give generous and lenient heed to this noble Christian appeal for mercy from the pulpit ; and may the reverend man who made it have a long and happy life ; and when his turn comes to descend into the Valley of the Shadow of Death, may he find solace and comfort and peace, even as he has striven to bring those blessings to the two unhappy youths now lying within his spiritual care, but under the black shadow of death in the condemned cells of Tamworth Jail. 