Wongamine. v — (From our own correspondent.) The Annual .Harvest Thank'sgiying. Service (Epioscpalian) will be held the school room, at 3 p.m. <pu Wednesday, the 12th inst,the Rev. Mr. Clairs officiating. The tea and social will. be catered for by the local church wardens; Messrs. Millard and . Andrew Smith ; a large attendance bn the occassion is anticipated. Much regret is expressed here at the accident at Mn McDermot's as that gentleman is deservedly held in high esteem. About 2QQ tons of hay has now been consumed hy fire, 150 at McDer- mots , 40 at C. Mathews' and about 10 near Sea. brook, . The Cockies have mostly delivered their little go, and the game is now in the big holders hands. The Toodyay Roads Board after 25 years of rest and be thankful, have .voted £15 for repair of some 20 miles of Skeleton track, that runs from South to North Wongamine. The back, belly, and bottom of the Wongamine track has been gone years ago — nothing but ruts left ; ruts to the right, ruts to the left, ruts right in front of you, grinning and grim. Rutland it is ; be- stumped, be- "gullyed |and be-gated, the wretched miserable old ghost of a sandal wood road is a disgrace to any civilized community. The people some time since petitioned to be taken into the Northam District, but Pharoh's heart was hard ened and he would not let the children of Israel go. A mucfi smaller area will be planted this year than last, scarcity of seed being, the barrier. There is a rumor that specks of. gold have been seen in quartz near here, hut it lacks confirma tion. Likely looking stone is however abund ant. Reefs are to he found if only gold is in them. The truant officer has been around and was rather roughly received at one residence. Parents consider that they-have a right to work their children when they reach 10. or 11 years old, being utterly indifferent as to the effect on t ie State when those children grow up to be men and wemen. Printing the Statutes.— -Mr. J. C. H. James, the Commissioner of Titles, has received a six months' leave absence which he intends to devote to a trip ti England, and while there he will superin tend the " printing " of a work upon whioh he has- been engaged for the last two years, namely, "the revised edition of the Statutes of Western Australia. This will contain all tho statutes which are now in force, and only these, and will be brought out with complete index, chrono logical tables, etc. Difficulties, it is said, have arisen in connection with this work in Perth, consequently it has heen decided to have it done in England, and we under stand that the material for this edition has ajready been sent forward. It is not stated however, what the Idifficnlty. is. It cannot be the want of labour, as that- is plentiful enough, neither oan. it. be the. want of. material or machinery, as. Pa.rliaraent voted very large sums both lasJt year and the year before for this purpose. There is evidently something wrong somewhere. — " W. A. Record." 