WOMAN'S REASON. Scene : A small tea-room a la -Inpenaise. Storks clamber over the walls and the friexa seem to be a coatinuous crann niUt oM-rose legs and a purple bill. The air is tilled with the sharp scent of incense rising from a tiny braiser burning before the huge bras* Jtiss on the manteL The hostess awaits her guests in a kimono of many shades,her lore} eiebr> ws bare a distinct slant and her small feet slip half out of a pair of at every motion. A Japanese servant holds back the rattling curtain and a lady enters. The Lady: " Oh. Amy, is that yoa?~ The Hostess (smiling): **' No. dear ; it the ghost of my great-grandmother." The Lady: .' Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?* The Hostess (laughing): "Yes, bat I don't know that yoa need be proud of it I" The Lady (looking about): " What time is it, anyway p I suppose they don't have docks in Japan. I'm very earSy ?" The Hostess :». A little. No one is likely to come for ten minutes. I got myself into these tbings in time to have a dress rehearsal with the tea things. (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in tilis; it's big enough to hold a perfect roar." The Lady (suddenly) : " Tom was driving with her again yesterday. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating P* The Hostess (gently) : " It is very hard for yon. Do you mind it very much, dear ? " The Lady (petulantly): " Mind it ? Well, I should think I did! Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl like that! An impossible creature who isn't even in one's own set, and who wears gowns that are simply ghastly." The Hostess: "But perhaps-if you were more considerate-I mean if you didn't go out so much with Will Jarvis, who was once well known to be rather epris-" The Lady (hastily) : " Oh! that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealoas. Neither am I, but he might hare picked out somebody I knew.'" The Hostess (seriously): " Do you and Tom really care for one another ? " The Lady (staring): " Of course not. But we don't quarrel-at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he does me." The Hostess: " And Will Jarvis thinks it is very poor taste, eh ? " The Lady (looking down): " Perhaps." Tha Hostess : " How can you endure a life like this, so full of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? Why don't you and Tom part, and at least live honestly ? " The Lady : " You mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, but you see I can't-at least, just yet." The Hostess: " Ah, then you do care forTom a little, after all! Be patient and I'm sure it will come out-" The Lady (laughing) : " What a senti mentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason ? You know Kittie Hunter-one of my bridesmaids ? Oa the way down the aisle in the church I overheard her wager a dozen pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year ! Spiteful thing! So you see, I'va got to." The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously : " Yes. I see. You've got to." 