Scientific & 3brful. The photographic rifle ia said to have proved a great success vn*h the Emperor of Germany And his guests on a deer bunt. A little camera is fixed to the gun and exposes a plate at the instant the gun is fired. The plate is quickly developed in a pocket-bath. The picture shows whether the animal was Btnick, and enables the hunter to avoid a fruitless chase if he has missed his came. A Bpecul cable to the London Daily Mail says that the electrical exhibition opened -at New York on the night of 4th May promises to be remarkable in many ways. Governor Morton started the show by pressing a golden key, which fired cannons in New York, San Francisco, and N^w Orleans by power from great dynamos at Niagara. The roar of the falla was transmitted by telephone to New Yorfc and made audible in tne exhibition. Mr. Edison and other celebrated electricians exhibited wonderful new inventions. In tbe Botanical Gazette for April, an inter esting case of mimicry is described, die seeds of the ** Phillipine island bean ' from the coast near Manila, so closely resembling tbe q uartz pebbles among which they fall, in shape, size, colour, lustre, hardness, and stratifica tion, as to be indistinguishable from them except by a very close examination. The size and shape of the beans are both very variable, ranging from ten to twenty-three mm. ; some perfectly resemble well- rounded beach pebbles, while others mimic pebbles which have bee^ broken across. Their colour varies from moderately dark to light drab, some giving a faint greenish tinge ; others resen,ble pebbles of chalcedony or of crystallised quartz. Nearly all the specimens ehow a series of approximately parallel darker lines passing round, very suggestive of stratification. All are quite bard, cot only with difficulty with a knife, and give a clinking sound when shaken together in the hand. They are not affected by Boaking in sea-water. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli we find in human excre ment, and in drinking water fouled by »nch excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallow ing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excrement, and may be swallowed with mnuthfula of air. What then is the first and last Commandment of typhoid prevention ? ' Cleanliness ; personal and public cleanliness.' It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean : if we keepour drink* ing water dean ; if we keep onr closets and our drains, and kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as greats, stranger to most of us as ib the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Dexnotherium. — HospitaL If there Is one thing more than another calculated to rouse the funny roan of the lay press, says the LaScet (11th of April), it is the mere idea of the suppression or regulation of osculation from its undoubted capabilities as a medium for the spread of contagious di-ease. Dr. Coleman, reporting as to the health of Surbiton, states that he Las not been able to find an atom of evidence of local defects of sanitation to account for certain cases of fever, and goes on to refer to the danger of * slight * cases of diphtheria, or, as be says, being so mild they are not always treated with the extreme care that experience warps us that that such attacks when mOd require. Many casts, he points out, are not recognised ; no medical man is called in, and tbe individaul meanwhile by personal contract is c*ble of spreading the disease ; and at the same time he most natural and probable is kissing. It should be a rule, he says, in all bosses to newr let a child or grow n-np person with a sore throat, no matter what it may be called or be supposed to be, kiss or be kissed by another He also suggests obvious precau tions as regards spoons, cups, and such like articles. The very interesting and valuable experi ments, which Dr. A. M. Bleile, of the Ohio State University, has been making with re gard to the effects of electric shocks upon the animal organism, have reached a stage where a working theory can be predicated upon the results obtained. This theory is a complete departure from that most commonly acc-pted. It has been supposed that tbe cause of death in cases of electrocution was the breaking down of the tintuea. But the elaborate experi ments which Professor Meile has made during the last month or more leave no doubt in bis m ion that death results from a very different oause. He has found by experimenting with a large number of dogs that an electric shock of sufficient intensity to cause Jeath results in a contraction of the arteries, so that they re fuse to perform their functions. This throws the blood from the veins upon the heart, and virtually drowns the operation of that organ. An interesting experiment in railway signalling was made recently on the new Lanarkshire airi Dumbartonshire railway at Scotatoun, near Glasgow. The object of the invention ia to aqnaint the engined river by ear aa well ss hy eye when the signal is at danger. Attached to an ordinary signal -po?t n & cogwheel, which risen when the atonal arm is at ? clear* and falls when ar 'danger.' On the cab of the locomotive Uaehort lever wiih outstanding arm *r impact lever. When the signal is at 'clear' thifi impact l'ver passes underneath the cogwheel ; but in the event of the Bignai being agaim-t the driver the lever strikes the cogwheel and falls, opening a steam whistle whose blowing cannot fail to attract notice. A red disc iaalao shown inside rh« locomotive cab, and, if necessary the failing of the lever can be utilia-d forehuttii.* off the engine steam, potting on the brakes, and ringing a bell in the guard's van. TI.e greatest benefit from the newsignalingsystfin would undoubtedly arise in foggy weather The new signal -po*t standa comparatively low ftbjdM? **£l1*--uES'- A11'1 Stewart* DiGuBgoV, u tab mTOtftor. 