FORT IRAYNB. By CAPTAIN CHARLES KING (U.S.A.), Author of 'The Colonel's Daughter,' 'Be- tween the Lines,' &e.; CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) Then came the realisation that the herds wwio being driven, and that not an instant must be lost In mounting such ponies as were still tethered about the Tillage, and. darting away, in a wide circle, away from the troops, yet concentrating again beyond them' and regaining the lead. And so, ?where the first line met an apparently sleep ins: villase. the second comes ckeerinsr. chvrgjng, firing, thundering through a swarming mob of yelling braves and screaming squaws. ? Farrar, foremost in the charge, with the civilian guardsman close eat nis side, shouts warning to the women, even as he empties, his pistol at the howling men. ClGse at his back come Amory and his sor rel froop, cheering like mad, battering over Indians too slow to juhip aside, and driv fag their hissing lead at every warrior in their parto. And still the colonel shouts, 'This way!' and Ormsby, Amory, and the adjutant ride at liis heels, and the sorrels especially follow his lead, and dashing . through a labyrinth of lodges, they rein up cheering about two grimy tepees at which Bat is excitedly pointing and the ranchmen both are shouting the names of loved rela tives and listening eagerly for answer; and thrilling voices within are crying, 'Here! Here!' and stalwart men, springing from paddle, are rushing in, pistol in hand, and tearing aside the flimsy barriers that hide the rescued captiv-es from the eyes of their deliverers, and the otlie'1 troop, reinforced again' by strong- squads from Leale's rallied line, are dashing to and fro through the village, firing at the Indians who are scurrying away. Just as Amory and the adjutant charge- at a little knot of scowling redskins wliosi- rifles are blazing at them at not a 6o'aoii yards' distance, just as the good old colonel, afoot now, is clasping the hand of so mo poor woman whose last hope was gone but a moment before, and even while listen ing to her frantic blessings, finds time to shout again to his half maddened ? men, 'Don't hurt the women, lads! Look out for the children!' a hag-like, blanketed fury of a Brule squaw springs from behind the shel tr-r of a pile of robes, levels her revolver, and, pulling trigger at the instant, leaps screaming down into the creek bottom, leav ing .Farrar sinking slowly into the snow. An hour later, with strong skirmish lines out on every side of the captured village, with a score of Indian warriors sent to tlieir last account and the others scattered over the face of the earth, the little battalion ot the Twelfth is wondering if, after all, the fight were worth winning, for here in their midst, his head on Leale's arm, .his fading sigut fixed on the tear- dimmed eyes of his faithful comrade, here lies their beloved old i-olonel, his last messages murmured in that listening ear: 'Leale*— old friend— find— find that poor girl— my — my son robbed and ruin- 1 ed and deserted— and be the friend to her — , you've been to me— and mine. God ! bless ? ' And this— while the regiment, obeying its stern duty, goes on in pursuit — this is the neve Jack Ormsby has to break to the lov ing, breaking hearts at Frayne. CHAPTER IV. All this was but part and parcel of the story of the old Wyoming fort, Dong years had it served as refuge and resting place for the emigrants in the days before the Union Pacific was built, when the overland. srase route followed the Platte to the Sweet water, and then past the Devil's Gate and Independence Rock, old land-marks ot the Mormons, and on to the backbone of the ' contiuent, where the mountain streams, springing from rocky beds not long pistol shot apart, flowed rippling away, the one to ttm Missouri and the Gulf of Mexico, the orher to the Colorado and that of California. Frayne was but a huge stockade In the early clays of the civil -war, but the Government found it important from a. strategical point of vievr, even after the railway spanned the Rockies, and the emigrant and the settler no longer trudged the we-u^ trail th:.tj border ing the Sioux: country, became speedily a road of fire and 'blood, second only in Sts terrors to the Smoky Hill route through 'Weeding Kansas.' Once it was the boast of the Dakotae, ae-it has been for genera tions of their enemies, the- Absarakas, or Crows, that they had never shed the blood of a white man. Settlers of the old days used to tell how the Sioux had followed tli-an.for long, long inarches, not to murder and pillage, teut to restore to them items lost along the trail or animals strayed from their little herds. But there came an end -to all this, when, resisting an unjust demand, the Sioux, being fired upon, retaliated. From the day of the Gratfcan massacre beyond old Laramie, there had been no real peace with the lords of the North-west. They are quiet only when subdued by force. They have broken the crust of their environment time and again and burst forth in the seeth ing flame of a volcano that is ever bubbling and boiling beneath the feet of the frontiers man to this day. And so Frayne was maintained as a mili taiy post for years, first as a stockade, then as a, eub-depot of supplies, garrisoned by foTir companies of infantry and four of cavalry, the former to hold the fort, the latter to scour the neighboring country. Thai as time wore -on and other posts were built further Tip in the Big Horn, Frayne's garrison dwindled,' but there stood upon its commasiding bluff the low rows of wooden bairscks, the parallel rows of double' sets of broad-piazzaed quarters where dwelt the officers, the long, low, log-revetted -walls of the corrals and cavalry staibles oil the flat be low. Here, oddly enough, the Twelfth liad spent a lively year or two before it went to Arizona. JSere it learned the Sioux country and -the. Sioux so well that when a tew years back, the ghost dance craze swept over the plains and mountains like the plague, . the old regiment was hurried from its sunshiny stations ixi the south, and mus tered once again, four troops at least, with in the Tery- walls that long before had echo ed to its trumpets. Here we found them in the midst of the Christmas nrenarations -that were turned .so suddenly into summons to the field, and- here again, three years later still, headquarters' and six troops now, the proud old 'regiment is still at Frayne, and Feuton, 'yleeFarrar, killed in action with hostile Indians,' holds the command. A good «aldier is Fenfon; a. brave fellow, a- trifle rough at times, like the simple plainsJbred dragoon he is, but a gentleman vriih a gentle Jheart in his breast for all the stem earterlfcr/ Women said of Mm that all he needed to;- make him perfect was. polish, and ail he needed to give. him polish ?easa wife, for at fiftyjfpartlje ^rizzlea oolokiel was a bachelor.: ???fiByjii iF^ionrnafl had ibis romance in eaHy youtli. He had loved, with all hisi^big hearty ^d.isaid tradition, a-'-Mtew-; York .:beUe'^hft;|)ea.iiijp wtomlie ^ knew In jhisv cadet ^aays]/and '.wljjg,' so' 'rurhbir e&id;, gre feti&%am&3fikr, ^whom she married' before the war, and many a garrison, belie had since set her cap for Ferity, and found him f ai taful to Msr early loveJ; But, though the ladies often speculated sas to ihe Identity, of the woman vwho had held the «olonere heart in- bondage .all 'these years and blocked ale way for aU^successora, no one »£ their num ber bad ever beard her name -k ^ ever knew the trutli. Oneofficer tkerewasln the iTweU in who, like F^nioriyMmself, was a confirmed bachelor; and who was said to be possessed \- of the whole^fito^r,- but there -/was' no iise asking Malcolni ,7Jjeale to,; tell anybody's ^ise*.' crete, and :W'ben i'Penton came to Frayne, prenroted to the command so recently held by a man they all loved and honored, It was patent to everybody that he felt sorely, as ?though he were an usurper- Fenton was many long miles away, with another batta lion of the Twelfth, the day of the tragic battle on the Mini Pusa, and it was long months thereafter before he appeared at regimental headquarters, and then he brought with him as his housekeeper nis maiden sister Lucretia, and in Lucretia Fen ton— the dreamiest, dowdiest kindliest, quaintest, middle-aged pratfler that ever lived, moved, and had her be&ig; in the army —the Isdies of the Twelfth 'found so much to make merry over that they-iwell-nig:h for got and forgave the unflattering indifference to femiuLne fascinations of he? brothe'r, the COlonel. ..:??::::. When Fenton came the Farrars, widowed mother and devoted daughter, had been gone sojiie weeks. The shock; of her husband's death had well-nigh shaken Mrs. Farrar's reason, and for months her condition was, indeed, deplorable. . Loving him devotedly, glorying in his soldierly record and reputa tiGn. yet ever dreading for him just such an end, she had been so prostrated by her grief that Ellis almost forgot her own bitter sorrow in the contemplation of her mother's woe. For months the daughter was her main prop and comfort and attendant. Will, her bright, brave boy, could not be permit ted to leave his studies at the Point. Royle, her first-born, was an outcast and wanderer she knew not where. Ellis, her youngest, Eer one daughter, proved to be her chief de pendence. Loving friends and relatives she had m plenty, to be sure, and, through the providence of her soldier husband, her for tune was unimpaired, and, fortunately, more than sufficient for her needs. And so, for over six months after that fatal Christmas tide, the widow lay either apathetic or in the depths of. an overwhelming grief, and Ellis never left her side. And then they went for a summer at the seashore, for Ellis heiself was drooping, and then while visit ing at her own sister's home Mrs. Farrar began to x-ealise how all this time Ellis's education was being neglected, and, despite her protest, the girl was sent back to school in New York, where she could 4-e within call. This was her one stipulation, for Ellis w?U knew what her' mother only faintly sus pected — that no more sudden shocks could ccrae into the gentle sufferer's life, without danger of ending it at once. And all this time Jack Ormsby had been, so helpful, thoughtful, and attentive. It was he who met them aod escorted Them, most of that miserable homeward way. For the time being, at least, the honored remains of the grand old colonel had been laid to rest under the shadow of the flag at the post he had so well commanded, but in the course of the second year they were brought East and buried in the beautiful cemetery near his own father's jside, and the veterans of a famous regiment bowed their heads beside the helmeted regulars from the forts in the harbor, aod Jack's company sent a. superb floral emblem to be laid on the flag-draped coffin of the commander by whose side their popular sergeant had won his spurs in Ind ian battle. A famous fellow, with all his modesty and good sense, was Jack Ormsby in the armory of the Seventh all the year thai followed his homecoming from the Sioux campaign, and again and again did his comrades make him tell the story of his sensations and experiences when he follow ed Farrar into the heart of that fire-spitting village, through that veil of softly falling snow. How red it grew in many a place! What scenes of carnage were' there not after the -noble colonel fell! Jack's brain used to turn sick at the thought of it sometimes, but still there was the exultation of the rescue of those helpless captives, those poor women, being dragged away to a fate to which tor ture at the stake were mercy, There was the triumph of the overwhelming defeat aud punishment of that great village of hos ti]«--s even when it was reinforced, as it soon was, by the return of many of the ?warriors who had been watching and hin dering the pursuit of the Eleventh. Leale had taken command, cool, yet raging over the murder of his beloved chief, and while even then seeking to carry out Farrar's in junctions to protect the. women and child ren, had dealt vengefully with the warriors who baa rallied to the attack, Ormsby wn» through it all, and bore himself like a man and a sergeant, even of the Seventh, and swore that his Creedmoor training had been more than enough to help him empty at least two saddles. If he had. 'only had niy old Remington,' said he, 'instead of a caval ry carbine^ Kill Eagle himself would have bit the dust,' for twice he drew bead upon that savage chief when the snow, clouds lift ed late in the afternoon and let the battle field be seen. Great work had the little battalion done that day, but all the same were they glad to see the coming column of the Eleventh just before the red, red sun went down. Oi'ce, just once, after they had been home about a month, Ellis made him tell her some thing of that stirring fatal 3ay, but soon she shut her ears and fled. Ormsby came again. He began coming often— so often thai that became one reason why it was deemed best that Ellis should return to school. Mr. Ormsby was a very fine fellow, and all that, said Mrs. Farrar's many rela tives, but, really, 'Ellis is still too young, and she might do better,' and so poor Jack, who was learning tp do nothing less than worship that exquisite -face, so pathetic above the deep mourning of her attire, be came dismal in his turn, and found no com fort in anything outside of the armory or Wall-street. The next summer the Farrars spent at West Point, It was Will's first class camp, and Will was cadet captain of the color company, and a capital young officer despite a boyish face and manner, and then Jack Orn.«sby, who never before had 'taken much stock in West Point'— the battalion looked so small beside the Seventh., aitd the band was eueh a miserable little affair after Cap pa and his superb array— Jack not only con cluded that he must go up there every few days to pick up points on guard and sentry duty and things of that kind, but Jack de cided that Kitty, his precious sister, might as well go, too, and spend a fortnight, and. she did, under the wing of a matron from Gotham with daughters of her own, and Kitty Ormsby, only sixteen, and as full of vivacity, .grace, sprightiiness, and winning ways as girl could be,, pretty as a peach, and brimming over with fun, coquetry, and sweetness combined, played havoc in. the corps of cadets, and — could anything have been, more fortunate?— the victim, most help lessly, hopelessly, utterly gone was Cadet Captain Will Farrar. To the- consternation, of the widowed mother, She saw her hand some soldier boy led day after day more deeply into the meshes, led like a' slave, or like the piggy in thft imagery, rhyme with the ring in tfie end of his nose, by this be witehitfgy imperious, fascinaiing little crea ture, ana there was absolutely, h© help for it.. , iAnywhere else,; almost; she could have fwhisieed*- heir J boy pnaer; her wing, and 'bpKDe hiinraway beyoii& range, but not ai 'West- Point. She had to leam tiie lesson so ma?iy\ smothers learn with sueh bewajdei; nftait.'ofljen.'- watJj such 311 gilaee,;1that Jhe boy was 11b longer ihers to do withj^Sehe would, but Uncle .gam's, and pncle Sani unfeeling ly said stidk to jmi camp duty wlih ite drills and pa^des; Iroll calls, .practical engineer ing, pon&ontog;, ;?lad spooning ~ in stolen bait '.'-.. bouis, : noV ? :m^tt^r _ what the ^onBequence. '$£?$? Farrar V cojaldn't CarJry ^ WUlr ; away,' and .could -»ot;: order -Kitty. About all ;she «aw ©f;b£ri 4»oy was drilling .with the battaUbn at 3» distance 'or -dancing with 'Miss Ormsby close at iaiid, anfl, ;nri ihe; principle Vthat misery ) loves company, ehe soon was comforted by a fellow -^Offerer, : for-ijiiei in prbpprtion aa; ih« mother 'tfaeart was troubled by thf sight of her boy'« infatuation for j&is; pretty chad, so was Jack Ormsby made miserable by] seeing the attentions lavished by officers J and cadets alike on Ellis Farrar. ) And yet the little blind god was doing Jack far better work tnan he ever dared tq dream. The mother longed for Will, and no one else could quite take hi9 place. The lover longed jr Ellis, and what earthly chacc© has a 'cit' lover at West Point; even though he be a swell and a sergeant in the Seventh? It resulted that in the hours Avhen the mother and Jack had to sit and look on they were brought constantly to gether, and then in these hours of com panionship Mrs. Farrar began to see more and more how manful, honest, self-reliant was the gallant fellow who had fought by her husband's side. Little by little she learned to lean upon him, appeal to him, defer to him, and to see in him, after all. a man in whom she could perhaps confide even so precious a trust as her daughter's heart, and that summer at West Point: won the mother even if it did not win the lady of his love. That winter the boys came down to New York, half a dozen of Will's classmates, for Christmas leave, and such a day and night of adulation as they received! At last did Mus. Farrar quit her seclusion to give a little dinner in .their honor, and consent to attend, as a looker-on, the dance that night at Sherry's, where Ellis gave Ormsby one blessed waltz, and Kitty gave Will the mit ten. Oh, darts and flames and ruries, what a turanoil there was over ffhat Christmas dance! Will had to go~back with his- class mates in time to report at a certain hour, but he told his mother in tragic tone that all was over between him and 'Miss Ormsby ,- forever—forever— and so, perhaps, it might have been had Kitty so minded. She had flirted outrageously with Charley Bates, a fellow Will Farrar simply couldn't bear, and theugh neither would admit that a girl had anything to do with it, there was the usual cadet challenge and as spirited a midwinter 'mill' as ever was seen in cadet barracks— a 'mill'' in which Farrar fought like a hero, and was only knocked out after having been knocked down time and again, and then Kitty was properly punished, for Will was still In hospital when the New Year's 'hop' came off, battered and bruised and general ly miserable, while Bates, though rnouse colored as to his eyes, -was able to attend, - but Kitty went up to Craney's -with Mrs. ! Farrar. a penitent indeed, and never went j near the 'hop,' but had Will in ecstasy and | a dark corner of the parlor for a long, long I hour, and cried and cooed over and com forted him and surrendered at discretion. Will Farrar was practically an engaged man when he was graduated in June— and only twenty-one. All that winter Ellis had continued her course at school, but was to come out in May, and during the long mouths from Sep- : ttmber she Avas comforted in the comfort her mother found in the companion that had ' ?bee-ii chosen for her, a gentle, refined, and j evidently well-bred woman, who came upon j the recommendation of their rector, and who ' was introduced as Mrs. Dauntou— Helen : Daunton, a woman, with a sad history, as the grave old pastor frankly told them, but ! through no fault or foible of her own. She ; had been married, but her husband was un- j worthy of her, had deserted her some years ' before, leaving her to struggle ' for herslf. I-r. Morgan vouched for her integrity and \ that was enough. By the time Ellis was to j return to her mother's roof Helen Daunton was so thoroughly established there, so ne- ' cessary to her mother, so devoted to her in esv-ry way, that for the first time in her life, even while glad to mark the steps of im- ! pro\ement in the beloved invalid's health ani appearance, Ellis Farrar felt the pangs of jealousy. j And this was Will's graduation summer, j and they had a lovely time at the seashore. ' Kitty was there, and Kitty was an accepted ; fact— and more so— now. Will would be '. content nowhere without her, and would i have married her then and there but for his mother's gentle admonition, 'and Kitty's : positive refusal. She had been reared from : girlhood by a doting aunt, had been petted and spoiled at home and at school, and yet had not a little fund of shrewd good sense '? in her bewilderingly pretty head. She ? wouldn't -wear an engagement ring, would j not consent to call it an engagement. She i owned, under pressure, that she meant fto ' marry Will some day, but not in any hurry, j and, therefore, but for one thing, the mother's gentle heart would have been con tent. (To be continued.) 