.WHY SHE MARRIED THE DUKE. The poet lias assured us that " Man ,«iever is, but ' always to be, blessed," and Emerson, tho philosopher of Con- cord, has written an essay on compen sation, which would lead one to accept the comfortable theory that the balance of a flairs in the life of each one of us is in the long run about even, the misfortunes of this year being , com pensated for by tho luck in store for you in the next, and wliat is lopped off of you on this side made up for by an additional piece tacked on the other Bide, Now, both the poet and the philosopher doubtless are right in their assertions, but when a man has amassed , fifty million dollars he does not care to have to wait to be blessed, but wants to be blessed " right straight away, you bet," and he likewise resents the idea of Providence being so unjust ss to lop anything off of him on one side simply because tho Pactolian flood of wealth haB flowed in to him on the Other. This is, after all, but natural, and it certainly seems provoking, if not absolutely improper, that millionaires should not be exempt from the paltry rules which regulate the mundane affairs of individuals enjoying more modest banking accounts. Such, at all events, was the way of thinking of General Theophi- lus K. Van Dohler, of. New York, or rather, strictly speaking (for ideas came from the female, and only cheque signing from the male side of the family), of Mrs. Van Dohler. The General (he had never led legiou3 in the tented field, but, having begun life as a " general dealer," had taken the military title, just ns his friend Judge Peabody L. Comstock assumed the judi cial title because he had once been judge at a race meeting down West, where the bowie knife settled more debts than the cash-box) was one of the richest men in the United States, and was as .well educated as most men in his .country who have only had the educa tion they have given themselves as they climb the ladder from the lowest rung to the one where diamonds and countless clusters of dollars hang in profusion — that is, he was woll " posted " in the three It's, knew nil about Washington's -reluctance to tell fibs, and had a Arm conviction that tho reply contained in the distich, . " Why aro tho stars like tho Yankee nation? Because- tlioy look clown upon all oreation," embodied a glorious, patent, immortal and wholly justifiable truth. As for what is commonly known in most parts of tho English- speaking world us culture, but uncommonly in Boston, M assachussetts, as "kult- chaw." the Genoral had indeed but little ; but what he lacked in this particular his worthy wife made up ' for, for was she not one of tho patrician family of Unwilling .of Philadelphia ? Had she not been educated at Mrs. Hoffman's fashionable school for young ladies in '.Now York? and had sho not, indeod, been one of tho most fushionable belles of her day until she married the millionare Genoral ? Pembina (she was named after a Government gunboat) Unwilling had, indoed, nothing but her beauty and social position to recommend her ' when she accopted not only the hand but tho well-filled fist of Theo. Van Dohler ; and she never concealed, even .from her husband, the fact that if she ' 'had not been absolutely penuiless she -would not- have become his wife, for he wns not only not in her " Soo" but in no "set" at all, and she had, in deed, only mot him by the merest ac cident at a charity bazaar given by j her quondam dearest friend, Mrs. Van ; Rensalaar Van Spuyck, one summer Eeason at New London. The penniless Pembina had, of course, at once recognised the utility of the millions, and had never for a moment doubted ' but that she could easily do what so many of her friends had done— namely, raise her plebeian husband to her own high patrician level just as marriage with an Engiish Prin cess transforms a little mediatised thing from Gormany into a Royal Highness. It had been dono to Pembina's own knowledge scores of titties, why then should she, whose family was quite ono of tho first in the Quaker Gity, fail? But, alas, fail she did, and in the most hopeless and complete as in the most unaccountable way. ' There was no . reason for it, there is ' no reason for any tiling in Atnc'ricansocial life.save the midday whiskey/ sour aii'd the afternoon brandy cock-tail, but it was a fact. .Not only /Pembina's own sot— the best set, of course — would not receive Pembina's many millioned husband, but they positively, 'boycotted her; and what Philadelphia:had begun Now York continued in even a still more pitiless' fashion. In vaimdid Mrs. Theo.' Van Dohlor take one of the finest palaces .on Fifth'. Avenue, one of tho most gorgeous " cottages" at - Newport, ' and do" Tuxedo and. Lennox thoroughly every year. -The set, hnr old sef, tlio best set, .the; ' set" bf" ;wfiidh Mrs; Hannibal S.. Hayes andv-M.rsi'-'Mac! ison -L.- Amps . were the Highj'Prieslcsses, 'and Bobby Hoboken, Suyd am ' Otisj and Bartlett. Griowold. .;wero the leading beaux,' would have absolutely nothing to do with : hor. 1 Of 1 course, if Pembina had never herself been in. that set she would not have cared " a red cent," ana could easily, with hor dollars, diamonds and. dinners, havo created an inferior set wlibro she" could have been worshipped and . toadied' to hor heart's content. But who, having been brought up on Chateau Yquem, can possibly be content with ginger boor? or who," having shone as a planot, can be satisfied when reduced to glimmer like a glow-worm .? "Why this thusness 1 (or words to that effect) had she asked Mrs. Hannibal Hayes with teaqs. in . her beautiful eyes ; to which Mrs.- H.H. hod graciously and wisely replied : "My darling Pem,, you must not ask me the reason tor anything, especially in New York. There is no, such thing.. Why should the Biningers,. who.arb' grocers, be received, arid: Park and Telford not be received ? Why-should Arthur Leary,. a .hatter, be foceived, and Box, & hatter, not be. received ?. Why should Mrs. Paran Stevens, who kept the Fifth Avenue Hotel, be re ceived, and Mrs. Waite, who kept the Brovoort House, not be ' received ? You say that there are lots. of girls in our sot — in your old set— who married men as vulgar as Theo., and . -who, nevertheless, have riot lost tlieir social position. I quite agree with you, you are quite right. But,' then, when you go on to ask me why you. , should lose yours, : why we refuse to receive Mrs. Theo. Vtiri 'Dohler when we all loved' Pembina :Unwillirig); I confess you.beafc, me,: and /I. must treat tho question : like a conundrum and give it up. But so it is, rind the only possible cause I can thinlc of is that this ostracism began perhaps in envy. Theo. is one of the richest men- in the Statco, and lots of girls , in our set would have given their eyes to have caught him, girls prettier and richer than you. You secured the prize, and so the unsuccessful competitors have decided tq make it'-, as useless' to you as they can. That's about it, I take it. As for myself, I can do nothing. I merely follow the current. You say I am a social leader, and so I am ; but my dearest Pern., you ought to know . that the nian at the wheel had to go with the ship, and that no people are more led by Society than those who are supposed to lead it. I can do nothing for you excopt pity you. On no account can I possibly receive you." After this very plain speak ing on the part of Mrs. Hannibal S. Iloyes — and Mrs. Midi- son L. Ames said much the same thing — there was, of course, nothing to be done but bear it, not even grinning being necessary, but the wounds to vanity being among the most difficult to heal, even Time, tho great consoler, bad failed to reconcile Mrs. General Yon Dohler to the cruel and unjust ostracism to v hich, since her marriage, sho had been subjected, and a few weeks back we might have found her just ns bitter against hor fate as she was when first the portals of the best sot were closed against her nine teen years ago. A daughter had been born to her, an heiress to all the mil lions of the General, and been chris tened by the romantic name of Ro- rnola, but the ostracism which crushed and killed the mother was extended to the daughter, and although Miss Romola Van Dohler dined with Madame de Pourtales in Paris, and with the Princess of Wales in London, not a ghost of an invitation to break broad ever reached her from Mrs. Hannibal S. Hayes or Mrs. Madison L. Ames ; and the dinner tables of these ladies (though one was the wife of a pork butcher, and the other the better half of a stock -broker) were more important in the eyes of Miss Romola and her mamma than were the con vivial boards in the Rue Tronchet or Pall Mall. Miss Romola's social success in Europe had been complete, but it seemed as if this fact made tho big wigs of New York society only the more abdurate, and, doubtless, it mightilylpleasedMrs. Hannibal S.IIayos and Mrs. Madison L- Ames (neither of whom grew softer or 'more amiable as they grew older) after reading in' the New York Herald a' paragraph like tho following : — " Tho Grand Duke Isaac of Carpathia, first cousin to the Czar, gave a grand garden party at Nice yesterday in honour of Miss Romola Van Dohlorand Mrs. General Van Dohler," to think to themselves: "Well, all the Grand Dukes in Europe can receive them; but we do ! not; and we guess that Pembina and her daughter would rather get a card from us than all tho Royal and Impe rial invitations from the Neva to the j Thames." | Of course. Miss Romola had had | hosts of offers of marriage — they began to pour in long before she was | nubile — and though, she could count | among her suitors almost all sorts and; conditions of men, from Serene High nesses to tho common or garden Baron, sho could nor, olas, count even one offer from a member of the smart set in New York. It was not that tliero were not plenty of impecunious youths in that set — indeed, the famous trio, composed of Suydam (Sid) Otis, Bart lett Griswold arid Bobby Hoboken, was not, taken in the lump, worth many trioiisauds of dollnrs — and plenty of youths who, without being impecunious, would have gladlyied to the altar pretty Miss VariDohler. But- the word of command had been passed around in the set presided over- by Hayes, Ames and Co., that no dcaliugs of any- kind,, matrimonial or otherwise, were to be had with tho family of General Theo. Van Dohler, and no member, a male member- at least, of that clique durcd disobey tliis order. But men are proverbially deceitful animals, and society men, perhaps, the most deceitful of the species, and thus, it need riot surprise our renders to be: told that, although neither Sid Otis, nor 'party Griswold; nor Bobby Hoboken would, havo. graced with their : presence, ra dinrier partyyor a ball ' given by 'tlie'-yari.Dohlorai'-'.thfty'-Vri'ye'. ; none'bf .tliQiri nyerso from dropping in of; an afternoon to .the \ sump tubus palace inhabited' bv the disappointed Pembina . and her daughter, arid haying ri;chat about the gossip of , tho :day while absorbing- no small quan tity of alcohol : artfully prepared' in divers Yankee, fashions. ' Of the'three) Bobby Hoboken was the most friendly ; he was the oldest y lie had, often led " the Gernmn " with Pembina Unwilling in the old days when she went "everywhere," and had always Sincerely sympathised with her- and pitieid her in her banishment, So on an afternoon last August you might jiave tound him lying back on a chaise ioiigue in Mrs. Van Dohler's morning- room in her sumptuous palace at New port (called by lier " Foam Cottage," though really as big- as an. ordinary hotel), smoking a cigarette and listen-: ing to such news ns Pembina and her. .charming daughter might lhavo 'to tell hint. '.Y'- "I intend to make one last dosper- ato ' effort," said Mrs. 'Van Dohler, ".and then if . we don't succeed, 1' shall make Theo. sell everything he possesses in this country and take Romola, . and we'll live in London and Paris for over i after. . But one last attempt to force the doors so cruelly closed against us I will make." "Ah, indeed," answored Bobby, carelessly, " and what's that 1" \ . . " Tho young Duke of Bosworth is': coming to .stay with us next week."; Bobby smiled ana shook his head. '"That's no good, Pembina," he said, gently. " You know you've tried that before. . You've had hosts of Duke3, and Marquises, and Princes, stay ing with-, you, - but it. hasn't done .you a cent's worth of., good. People come, to, your house': to meet them, and you, of course, are forced to ask. the best peoplo ? "but they don't ask you back to tlieir houses— that is, certainly not after your illustrious guests have left you.": " No, ' indeed," broke in Romolii, angrily,; "nor even before they'vo left us. Only last year, when the- Mar quis of Twickenham was1 staying with ua, : and , Mrs. Madison Ames had .dined with us to meet him, she had the" impertinence... to ask him to a German at her house, and didn't ask' us 1 That shows what an underbred hag she is ?" . ' I'm rather astonished at your in viting those big .swells over here, Pembina," remarked Bobby, "for not only do they do you no good socially, but, , of course, you run the risk of letting.them be snapped up by some of the girls who are not friendly to Romola, and I don't suppose yon'd either of you care to see some giri you hate become a' Duchess under your very nose, and by marrying a Duke of your own production. Mrs. General Van Dohler tossed her head angrily and contemptuously. " Bah !" she said, " don't speak to me of -Dukes. It's all very well fcr girls who haven't travelled to think a lot of thorn, but when you know Europe as Romola and I do you know what Dukes are worth," " Bub I thought English noble men '' began Bobby. "They'vo got as bad as the others,'' broke in Romola. " They're only nice in novels. The best ones, of course, won't look at us, but those who are what they call 'stony broke,' or born poor, aren't such great snakes after all. Here, for instance, this little booby Bosworth ; he's only just loft college, and, to my certain knowledge, he's proposed to, and been rejected by, six different rich girls in England, noteounting mo, and to me he has offered himself four times — in fact, tho last time, only three months ago, he said, 'Consider the offer always open. I shall not speak again, but if you ever change your mind and think you'd like to bo Duchess of Bosworth just say, write or wire "Done," and I'll send a line to the newspapers announcing it and come on to you at once.' " Bobby laughed. " Ho must be rather a funny chap," he ejuculated. "Yes, not half bad fun," replied Miss Van Dohler, "only he's such a selfish little beast, and ha3 no inore constitution than a stick of maccaroni. I can't imagine why mamma asked him on here this summer. Any girl who cares to can have him for all I care j but they'll find him a bad investment, for papa has made inquiries, and there are five hundred thousand dollars to be paid on liis estate to rclense all kinds of mortgages and things before he'll be in full working order as a Duke, or, as he himself calls it ' lit for publication.' He isn't worth the monoy. Besides, if any girl here snaps, him up, there are lots of young English noblemen just now unmarried, and I could havo any of them by . just holding up my finger." While Miss Romola had been talk ing, a thoughtful- and \sorious expres sion 'hud. gradually/boon stealing over Bobby's ftice, arid now he rose, arid walkihg/up' to; where Mrs. Van Dohler lay , on the sofa funding herself, said .-.very . solemnly, "Pembina, I'vo got it at last." h ; "v ' Got what 1 '' V . The key .that will operi ibo door of Society here to -you . and; Romola." Tho woman;' turned pale, rind looked at him earnestly, ibut said nothing. . Roinoln' ejaculated, "Ob, iriy ."'and then wns silent;. . v: "Lot Romda riiarry. this young swell.. Five huridrod' thousand dol lars is nothing for. you to' pay to release his ostatej rind as Duchess of Bosworth eyqn Mrs. ..-Hannibal S; Ilriyes and 'Mrs. Madison;.' L. Amos will be forced- to receive .'her, and you as the mothe/- of .the Duchess." The two ladies looked rit Mr. Ilobo- keri in ristohishmont.: . " Well I. never ! " ejaculated Mrs. .Vasi Dohler. " Do you know, Bobby, I think you're about right. Of course, Romola . rind ' I lirivo got so used to having Princes and Dukes dungling about us abroad; that we think nothing of them. Of course, wo know that, whenever wo want: ono we; can have onCjj.aadlof./ ...always in- tQuded '.'that'./Roinola should "be a- Duchess or a; Iriricoss abroad if sho,, couldn't iriiirry well at horiie. But wo have always- hoped and hero .she hesitated. . , :: :,'.VMy dear Poiribina," replied Bobby, " you must riot :hops. None of us fellows in Society hero daro marry Romola.- We should- not. better her . social; position, and we should be put out in the: cold, too.. . Mrs. Hannibal Hayes end Mrs. Madison Ariies would both turn .their backs on Romola nod her husband . if ho wore ot homo manufacture. But turn their backs on a foreign swell,- an English Duke, 'never ! They, daro, not ! So, although .it may. seem ri roundabout way, beliove mo, the only way for you ladies to get iuto New York society is by an alliance yvith; a. foreign swell,'. So. why not the Duke of Bosworth as well as any other i" ' ; ; " Of course !" exclaimed Romola, - dapping her 'lianas: You Vard: quite righ'tr Bobby. J neky Bosworth is as good or as bad as ririothor, in : faet, better than' :mosti;'for he' is a iriere boy, and has got sense enough to know that if I marry him I shall remain my own mistress.: Of course I'd much rather iriarry one of .you'New York boys, but if it can't be' it 'qari't be ; and so 1 sup- poso I must make the best of a bad bargain, and consent to become an English Duchess." . : And sol'it . was arranged, and whon the young Duke ai rived off - Sandy Hook a letter .. was brought to the steamer and- handed, to him. It con tained but two words, " Done. Ro mola." ;His; '.G'racov was'a bloodless ririi' lyiriphatic . youth,' who had so little energy that his listiessness ';of"£mann'";haiiv igiveiv ''ljim' a ; cer tain chic or cachet; but on re ceipt or this curt epistle the blood rushed . to . liis prile face, . and- he ejaculated, V "D-— n it ! What luck !' just as two servants from- General Van Dohler caine to help his Grace's valet with the luggage. Ten days, later the Duke wrote the following letter : — "Foam Cottage, Newport. " Dear Mamma, — I write only a few lines in great haste, to tell you that at last Romola Van Dohler has accepted me. We are to be married at once. The General pays off all the old debts on the estate and settles two million dollars on 'Romola, and gives her a yerirly allowance which .we are now discussing. This is all very nice, but the funniest part of it is that Romola frankly confesses to mo th'at sho only marries me to get into New York Society. That she really loves a young stockbroker here, but that he won't have her. Isn't that funny ? So now adays it seems that all an English Duke is good for is to enable the daughter of a retired American mer chant to get into New York Society. What do you think of that? But after all, what matters it? We have got the dibs. — Ever your loving son, Bos- AVORTII. 