OUR LONDON LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] London. 14th Feb! uar v. The Parliamentary aeBsion has commenced and the west end of London is once more full of life, but not of gaiety, owing, to society being in mourning for the death of Prince Heury of Battenburg. The Bcssion opened well, the attendance being more than excel- lent-it was abundant. The force of circum- stances rendered it necessary that the bulk of the earliest arrivals at thc House should be Conservatives. When it is remembered that the whole of the sitting accommodation of the House could bc filled by the Conservative party alone, the truth of this remark will bo seen. There being only half the House avail- able, there was a rush to secure carly places, and Mr. Robert Astcruft, the senior member for Oldham, made the record by getting down at six o'clock-before it wus light. He was followed at a not very long interval by Mr. G. C. T. Bartley, Sir Albert Rollit, Mr. LowleB, Mr. Bouluois, and other London members, and by noou every scat nearly on thc Government side had been appropriated aa well SB the best scate on thc Opposition side. Everyone was talking about Mr. Chamberlain. He was by far the most observed man in the House, and when he eutcred carefully dressed, »lim, and young looking, and decorated with a strange and elaborate flower, he received a big cheer. Thc cheer came, it struck me, even more loudly from the Liberals than from thc Conserva- tives. The latter are beginning to fear the rapidly-growing influence of Joseph. It is a toss up whether he or Mr. Balfour is in the seat of leadership just opposite the box on thc table. And then Mr. Chamberlain's recent successes have been so well set off so far as effective contrast is corccrned by the un- deniable failure of Lord Salisbury. The Tories are conscious of all this-indeed this contrast was the great feature of the day. There is a Chamberlain boom in thc House equal to that of the Trilby boom outside. The debate on the Address can hardly be said to have been a Bcrious encounter. As a matter of course thc Leaders of thc Opposition criliciBcd thc conduct of thc Government, but they did so in a manner showing how sensible they are that there is no real opening for attack, the country being thoroughly satisfied with the way in which its affairs have been conducted under circum- stances of unusual difficulty. Thc fact that langland has not succeeded in her efforts on behalf of the Armenians was the point upon which thc leaders of thc Opposition laid most stress ; but as it is evident that nothing save an open display of force would have sufficed, and as other Powers arc absolutely opposed lo a forcible interference by us, it is clear that we could not taite thc matter into our own hands without tho certainty of bringing on a European war, which, it may bo said, neither Lord Rosebery nor Sir William Har- court, had they been in office, would for a moment have thought of. It is probable that the debate will run its usual course ; thc Irish Nationalists naturally intend to put themselves in evidence and to go through thc farce of moving resolutions for the sake of pleasing their followers at home. Was il by accident or design I wonder that Germany gave birth to a W hite-book on the affairs of the Transvaal on the very day thal thc English Blue-book was issued? It cannot boaaid that Baron von Marschall comes out of the affair with quite thc same clean hands as Mr. Chamberlain. Thc German Consul at Pretoria announced disturbances five days before Dr. Jameson marched out of Pitsani, and I he day before he moved Baron von Marschall is already insisting lo Sir Frank Lascelles that thc independence of the Transvaal must bc maintained. Why 7 It is quite clear from thc published correspon- dence that Mr. Chamberlain never dreamed of any action on Dr. Jameson's part unlil tho very evening ho started. The publication of thc English Blue-book shows how uncom- monly well Mr, Chamberlain behaved in the late emergency. The only criticism possible lo make ¡a that he, might have dis-1 covered that the Uitlanders had grievances before instead of after the rising. But that charge applies with lar greater truth to Lord Ripon. It ie very satis- fying to note thu firmness with which Mr. Chamberlain und Kir Hercules Robinson repressed Mr. Kruger's attempts lo wriggle out of biri agreement abuut Johannesburg. First, Johannesburg was to be attacked be* cause there were not enough urniB given up. " If this is done/' said Hercules "1 should leave the issue iu tho humls of Her Majesty's Government." " This had a subcring effect," he continues with an inward smile. Secondly, Mr. Kruger tried to gel out of his promise to give up the prisoners by imposing conditions as to their trial. " You may remind bim that the murderers of Major Elliott, who were tried in thc Transvaal in 1881, were acquitted hy the jury of burghers," was Mr. Chamberlain's very pretty counter. lt muBl now be apparent to thc most iu velcralc " bears " of chartered shares that this vast and importunt enterprise is not to be wiped out as a punishment for the Jameson raid, lt is quite possible, as Ines been antici- pated from thc outset, that some modificat ions may be made in thc privileges couferrcd on thc company by its charier, bul it is now u foregone conclusion that us a commercial undertaking its sphere of operations will not he diminished in any way, nor its enterprise checked, but that, on the contrary, any change that may be decided upon will be such as will act beneficially on its ¡mei cs's. From thc nature of tho buying which has been in opera tion during thc lust few days, it is pretty certain lliut a knowledge exists in ccrtuiu stuck exchange quarters of the strong position held by the company in tho regard of the Government, l here is now as much energetic talk about thc shares going to £10 or £20, as there were quite recently confident forecasts that the shares would be run down to Rs a piece There is already talk of new syndi- cates being formed to develop the resources of thc country. The company has a cash reserve of half-a-million, and is prepared to spend freely in improving railway communica- tions. The presence ot Mr. Rhodes at Buluwayo, with practically unlimited powers, will encourage settlers and speculators und lead to such a development of thc vast resources of the country as could not have been foreseen a few weeks ugo. Colonists who are in the habit of making periodical visits to the "old country," and whose business takes them to the Colonial Office, will regret to hear that the genial chief clerk of that department of the Government, Mr. U. P. Ebden, has passed away some- what suddenly. I understand his death was caused by diptheria. Mr. Ebden vas a eou of thc Rev. J. C. Ebden, Vicar of Great Si likely, Hunts, and was born in 1833. He was formerly a scholar of Christ's College, Cambridge. He took his H. Av. degree in 1S5G (thirty-first urangier), and bis M.A. in 1859\. He was appointed a clerk in the Colonial Office in 1858 afteru competitive examination, was private secretary to Lord blachford in 18G4, assistant senior clerk at the Colonial Office in 1606, first class clerk in 1872, a principal clerk in 1874, and Chief Clerk in 1879\. Mr. Ebden's decease will cause many changes ut the Colonial Office, one of which will be, it ÍB Btu ted, the promotion of Mr. W. H. Mercer, Mr. Chamberlain's private secre- tary. The Secretary of State for the Colonies has sent to Mrs. Ebden an expression of condolence and regret. Lord Carrington returned from Australia after his period of office as Governor of New South Wales full of admiration for the democratic institutions of thc colonies, and he is now exerting himself on behalf of the National Liberal Club with very marked success. The club is becoming more than ever thc Liberal headquarters in London, as nearly all the federation meetings, and the meetings of the various Liberal associations are now held there. Since the beginning of this year a large number of new members have joined, including several peers, among whom are the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Lord High Steward under the late Liberal Administration, Lord Hobhouse, Lord L#eigli, and others. This points to a revival of the social element in the club which was one of the pointB most insisted upon by the original founders. There is no truth in the report that thc marriage of Princess Maud of Wales with ¡ Prince Carl of Denmark is to be postponed in : consequence of the death of Prince Henry of , Battenburg. The wedding will certainly take filace during the coming season, but it is ikely that the ceremony will not be cele- brated with that magnificence which might, under other circumstances, huvc been ex- pected. Inasmuch, however, as the curtail- ment of pageant exactly fits in with the : wishes of both bride and bridgegroom, it is , best that this should be so. The Princess is, ¡ indeed, desirous that her marriage should be solemnised af Sandringham, and it is possible that Her Royal Highness's wish rosy be ful , filled. But in this, as in all similar cases, the t Queen is paramount, and it is asserted on | good authority that Her Majesty would prefer St. George's, Windsor, or the private chapel in Buckingham Palace. | Lady Helen Stewart, the only daughter of | Lord and Lady Londonderry, who is to bc I married in April to Mr. Clifford Mellor, is a charming, happy girl, who hos been for the 1 lust two years io great request as a brides- maid. There bas scarcely been a society ' wedding of significance iu that period in ' which she hos not figured. She has been her father's right hand during her mother's illness, and has acted as hostess st Mount , Stewart with delightful grace and charm. The Marquess is devoted to her, and pays her compliments with the ait of a courtier Lady 1 Helen evidently deserved them for she is said to be a vivacious girl, with a pretty method ' of repartee and bright cou7ersational gifts. Mr. G. M. Pullman, the American rail I way-carriage building multi- millionaire, ÍB happy because IIÍB daughter Florence has elected to play the leading role in a real i drama that might be called "The Romance of a Poor Young Man." Miss Pullman is twenty-six years of age. For ten years she i has been besieged by suitors of every clinic and class. Princes, barons, counts have > bowed in rupture over her hesitating hand. But Mr. Pullman discouraged all foreigners on marriage bent The right mau even- tually turned up in the form of Mr. F. C. Lowden, a poor but handsome and clever young fellow. They are to be married in June. The return to Paris of Yvette Guilbert from New York has been made a great event. The cafe concert star has been interviewed, and the world has been informed that, during her stay of a mouth in the capital of tho United States, Yvette, ss she ÍB familiarly called, earned between £7000 and £8000. She has sung French, English, and negro songs to audiences who have gone half mad over her, and if she is forced to admit that "there is only one Paris," she frankly grants that, financially speaking, America is a rich find. Popularity and vogue ure wonderful things. Only a little more than five years ago, as Mdllc. Yvette Gilbert proudly recalls, Blie was an almost unknown performer at a third-rate Parisian music hall. It so chanced, fortunately for her, that she in- troduced a new kind o', song sud a new way of singing, which took with the French public, and in an amazingly short time she became n celebrity in her own peculiar linc. If implicit reliance is to be placed on her narration about her stay in New York, as re- ported in the Paris papers, even Sarah Bcruhaidt was je ilous of the music-hall star, and betrayed this in a variety of ways, while Madame Melba, thc Australian prima donna, refused to attend any dinucr or luncheon parties to which Yvette Gilbert was invited. By the way Mdllc. Bernhardt proposes to make a journey to India. A yacht is to bc built with a nuloon that may be used as a theatre, where performances may bc given at various ports. Thc " divine Sarah" uspircs to bo the owner of the first floating theatre. This year's President of the Chamber of Shipping is Mr. Walter Glynn, of Liverpool, «nd at the annual meeting on Wednesday hs delivered a very interesting address. When the Chamber met last year, two of the topics engaging the attention of both thc shipowners ana navigating officers throughout the country were Hie proposed new rules of the road at sea, and thc proposed regulations for screen- ing ship's side lights. Happily, said Mr. Glynn, the latter weird phaulaam of a dis- ordered official iiuugiuutiou was dead and buried, sud il would be ill work lo nike up its dishonoured bones. Of the former, all he could say was Unit its ghost is temporarily laid. Mr. Chambers, of Liverpool, moved : -" That representations should be made to Her Majesty's Government, urging that no Legislature of any British colony and depend- ency should bc ulfowcd to impose upon British shipping (other than shipping registered in such colony or dependency) uny further burdens und restrictions I hun those imposed by Imperial legislation." Thc motion was passed. Some shipping statistics submitted by Mr. Williamson, of Liverpool, showed thc total volume of trade for- 1895 was 83,153,022 tonB, BO that the advance of the preceding year has been maintained. 