TiHE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. \--o, BY HEDLEY RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronounced," "A ,Welsh Princess," "The Omerod My ! stery," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XI.-ALICE HAS A VISITOR. "Oh, dear, whatever does make him so cross !" thought Alice, as she slowly ascended to her boudclr. Martin had been particularlydisagree able at luncheon. He was never plea sant with her now, but to-day he had -Seemed determined to annoy her by his Sneers and sarcastic remarks. It was a miserable. prospect tils lflle-long union Wit- ivRi man whom she did not love, and who let her see that lie barely tolerated hier, : "Qh. If I had waited for Sidney !" Then she burst into tears, sobbing as though her heart would break. "How funny !" 'As the words were spoken, Alice felt a soft caressing touch on her head, and lifting it, she saw a lovely girl regard Ing her with wide-open eyes. "-V'lo is she?" was the question Alice asked herself, as she gazed curiously at the stranger. She was a slender girl, of medium height, with a complexion which was almost transparent in its whiteness, while the flush on her cheeks was quite hectic, and the large blue eyes had a brillianey which was unnatural. Her hair, which was golden, fell in a wavy mnass below her waist. She wore a dress of dark blue serge, anything hut artistic in cut, and soft felt slippers. As they looked at each other the girl laughed again. Then she touched Alice's white robe of roft nun's veiling. "It's very pretty," she said; and her gaze wandered to the broad black sash, which evidently didn't meet with her approval, as she pushed it on one side. By this timte Alice was thoroughly puzzled, so determined to question the girl. "Who are you?" shie asked. "Don't you know I'm to lie her lady ship?" the girl answered, with another laugh, as though amused at Alice's ig norance. Still more puzzled, Alice asked: S"What's your name?" "My name!" and the girl looked per plexed "It'e-now, what is it? Why, I don't believe I've got one; but I'll ask her." "Who will you ask?" Inquired Alice, now quite convinced that the girl 'ras not In her right mind. "Oh, tie ugly little woman." "Who can she mean?" Alice wonder ed, as the girl went on. "Would you like me to dance?" Then, without waiting for an answer, she began to hunt a tune and dance a Scottish reel with so much grace that 'Alice marvelled. Presently her movements brought her in front of a mirror which was suspend ed over the mantelpiece, and as she caught sight of her reflection slie paus ed, and, clapping her hands, ex Claimed: "How pretty." Then she ran to Alice, saying, "Let me have your frock; It's prettier than mine." 'At this demand Alice laughed, at I _which the girl also laughedstill smooth :n-g 'AIIc? at es with admiration. "I cannot give you my dress, but you Shall have something else to make you look pretty;" and she led the way Into ner dressingroom, which communicated With fier boudoir. Going to a drawer, Alice took from It some soft white awansdown, - which she arranged around the girl's throat. "There, now, you look lovely." The poor girl ran to the mirror, and regarded herself with evident satisfac tion. Then, seeing that so little made her happy, Alice went to another draw er, and took from It a piece of scarlet ribbon, thinking it would please her. P "Now you can fasten this round your hair," she said, holding it towards her. As the girl's eyes fell on it she sprang back; and a scream burst from her. "Take it away!-take it away! ,There's blood on It!" site cried. I "Nonsense; it's only a piece of red rib ron," answered Alice, going nearer, in tending to let her examine it, but ile girl put her hands to her eyes, moaning, as though she was in pain. Then, as Alice placed the ribbon in her hand, she uttererd an awful scream, of "Blood! Blood!" and rushed from the room, and through the boudoir. Alice followed her on to the landing, andwasjust in time to see herdisappear along an unused corridor, which opened on to the other end of the landing. "Who is she? Dare I ask Martin?" 1 Were the questions she asked herself as I she speculated about the girl, who was evidently insane. 'At last she was resolved to question her husband, but whlen they met at din ner he was still so cross and moody that She dare not have named the matter It hlie had joined her in the drawing room. Instead of which he stayed a long time over his wine, then she saw him walk slowly across the lawn smok ing a cigar, as he paced backwards and forwards in the twilight of the summer night Presently the butler came in to' light lthe lamps. "Don't light them at present, Downs," Bald his.young mistress. "Very well, ma'am," and Downs retir ed, muttering thlat It was a grand shame of the master to leave that pretty young creature all alone. SPerhaps Alice thought her husband would come in. At any rate she sat near the open window until the moon \- had risen and flooded the park with her silvery rays. Then shie rang for lights, end soon afterwards left the room. - On the landing near her dressing room door she found Martha Gee wait Sing, AndAlice, who pitied the .poor, de lorqed" "little 'woman, said: "Good nilghi" at she passed. \- "Oh, if'you please, ma'am." said Mar Iha, "would you let me come into your *aressing-room, for I've s omething to snay?" "Of course, Martha," and Alice open ed the door, the woman following her into the room. i " Is * your maid anywhere about, pna'am?" . "No; site won't come until I ring for her," said Alice, as she seated herself in a low chair, waiting to hear what Mar tha had to say. -*'Excuse me, ma'am, but you see it's a matter of Importance. I wanted to know if anyone came in here this after noon?" "Any one! What do you mean?" ask ed Alice, instantly thinking of the strange visitor she had had. "A young girl, ma'am," and the wo ~an looked keenly at her mistress. "Yes; a girl came into my boudoir-a very queer girl. Who is she?" A smothered groan burst from Martha :-3ee; then in a nioment she said: "Oh, ma'am, did you mention her to :he master?" \- "No; I inteded doing so, but I hadn't the opportunity," replied Alice, not car- 1 ing to let even the old servant think Ihat she dare not question Martin on the subject. \- "Thank goodness! Oh, ma'am, it's laved a lot of trouble." _. ..._ i 1.66) Ali4's curiosity was now fully arous ed, so she said5l "Who is'sbe?;?': r "Well, ma'arl,.t's a secret, but she's the late 3IrY' Barron's illegitimate daughter. Not being in her right mind he put her in my charge rather than pdace her in an asylufm; and of course MSr Martin ,wouldn't .turn her out, though le's very sensitive about it, and cannot so much as bear to hear her name mentioned. Of course the servants know nothing about her." "Do you mean to say they don't know she's in the house ?", "No' ma'sm; they don't. You see, there's a private room in one of the wings, as no one but the master of the house and I know of, and she lives in it. She's waited on just like a lady.and well seen to, but it wouldn't do for her to be at large, or shie might do some mis chief." "How ?;d she manage to get away from you this afternoon ?" ."To tell the truth, ma'am, I fell asleep and the door of her rooml wasn't pro p.rly fastened. I ut you won't tell the master that, or he'd go nearly wild if lihe thought she'd been wandering about tihe house." said Martha, and her tone Letmyed her anxiety. "Don't trouble, Martha, I won't tell him," said Alice, anxious to allay the woman's fears. 'Thank you, ma'am. for I can feel easy- now-at least, if you'd be kind enough to promise not to mention it to MIrs Sturt, or inaybe she'd tell the mas ter." "I" "'on't mention it to my mother. Of c;ut!rse, I ('an understand it is a matter that must he kept secret; but I should like to come and see the poor girl." :Ohl vn", ma'am, I daren't let you ! If tile master caught you in that room he'd be' in suIch a rage, he'd very like never let you out again." ",Nonsense. Martha ! IIe'd be ob liged to let me out," said Alice, even her gentle spirit rising at such a sugges tion. "Well, ma'am,l I daren't let you in. You see, even if the master would allow it. it wouldn't be safe. Site might go into one of her tantrums, and then you'd be pretty well knocked about be fore I could get you out of the way." "PIoor girl! Is she ever violent ?" "Yes. tna'am, and if I try to fasten her hair up it puts lier in a anwful rage, for very little upsets her." "I know that a piece of red ribbon puts her in an awful state. She would have it that It was blood-stained." "Yes, na'am; that's one of her queer fancies shout red things. I've heard :her ge on about a bit of red before to day. Did she talk much to you, ma'am?" "XNot much: but she told me that she wa's to be her ladyship some day, th-utgh site couldn't tell her own name." "No; she forgets it and everything else. bult her real name is tMary. I'll see as she doesn't come here to annoy you again." At that tmoment Martin a'lrron enter ed, looking quite death-like in the ghastly pallor which overspread his face. "YTo here, Martha ?" lihe said, as he sank into a chair. "Yes, sir; I just came to inquire how the mistress was, for I'd heard Mrs Yates say as she wasn't looking well," said Martin, telling tile fib with so much ease that Alice regarded her with :iatonishmnent. "liut what's the matter, sir ?" she asked. looking at him with some con cern. "Only that I've seen a ghost," he said. trying to speak in his usual tone. "A ghost! Well, sir, that was a queer thing to see," she said, looking from him to Alice, who had turned pale. "But you're frightening the mistress, sir, and I'm thinking as a'glass of whisky and water nould do you good." "I daresay you're right, and I think I'll have one," Martin said as he rose; and with a "good'night, ma'am," Mar tha followed him from the room. As they passed out, Alice heard her hus band say: " "I saw the spirit of my first wife." Feeling terrihbly frightened, Alice pulled tlhe bell sharpu-, and in a minute or two her tmaid,.aopeared, who began assisting her in her preparations to re tire. - Meanwhile Martha Gee had followed her master to the smoke-room, and when the door was shut she said: "Now, sir, I'd like .to know about this ghost ?" , ' "I can see you think it's fancy; but it isn't. After dinner- I.went on to the lawn, and stayed. there smoking until after the mloon had risen. Then, tired of sauntering about, and not caring to come in. I crossed the park towards the lodge. - When I was a little way from it \--just where that clump of trees is something glided forward, and I saw a tall form clothed.in black, with a hood drawn over the head. As she looked full at me, I saw' that it was Agatha. I don't know what I did, but in a moment the fornm had vanishied, and I came as fast as I could to the house; lbut it wasn't very fast. I can tell you, as I felt all of a tremble." "And do you really think it was your wife's spirit c" "What else could it have been ?" he asked, impatiently. "It might have been some one got up on purpose to imitate her, and Just to alarm you. You know, sir, you're not a favorite In the neighborhood." "It wasn't an imitation, Martha-it was her face exactly, only quieter anI sadder-looking." "Well, sir, I'm sorry you've taken to seeing ghosts. It's been hard enough before, but lwhat it will be if ghosts are to be after us, I don't know," she said, in a tone that shtowed she was dispirited. "it's no use. Martha, for I believe I raw a ghost; but, there, tell Downs to bhing the spirits and hot water." "Yes, sir; good night, sir," and SIarn tha left the room. In the Ihall she saw Downs, tile butler. stantlding gazing out of the front door, which stood wide open, as the night was hot. "Are you moonstruck, Mir Downs ?' she said, quletly. Hie turned round sharply. "No, MIartha Gee, I'm not moonstruck, but I'm dumbfounded." "WVhy, what's the'matter?" "Only this, I've seen the ghost of Mr Martin's filst wife." "Where did you see her?" "She was standing on the drive right In front of the door and staring straight into the hIall. I can tell you I shouted, and shite Just seemed to glide away." "Didn't you follow her?" "No, Martha,, Gee, I didn't, Iy nerves are pretty strong, but they're not mnade of cast Iron. 1'Il tell you, though, what I will do: 'I1 sltit and bar the door." -- ' " S-The woman laughed. "Do ydu tlill-y pu could iar out a ghost? - I wish I had.seen it" '"Well, I hope you may, but I'll have that door closed earlier. -l'm-not- oinsr to run the risk of having another such start" "What did she look like?". "All In black, but the moon shone on her face, and it was Miss Agatha-I ean ol Mrs MartlP Barron-only she lookled more worn and sad like as a spirit should.; Yes, you may smile, Martha Gee;o but it was a spirit; and ihat's more, I'll take my oath it's a warning of death.? "W'ose death?' she asked, sharply. "Mr MIarttn's, of course. Who else wltld sloe come for-unless it was the young mistress? Dear-a-me, I never thought of her," he said, in a tone of "' it niight be for you, Mr Downs; for you're a very old servant In the famnily, and deserve a warning as well as your betters. - Her totte was full of mockery, anud he turned on herin anger, saying: "Mayhap I don't need as long to get ready as my betters, and so very likely I'll not get a warning. But If I were as great a favorite with the master as you are I'd give him a warning of what's been seen." "Nononse! I'm Sfraid you are get ting old, Mr Downs; and now I remem ber, your master toll me to tell you to take him the spirits and hot water. He's in tile smoke-room: and I advise you to take a stiff giass yourself before you go to bed. But, above everything. don't tell the master what you'ce told me," she said as she turned away. "It would very like be a good thing for him if I did; but I daren't 'ilsk it. for he's none too good tempered nowa days," he replied, as he went to fetch the spirits. "What does it mean? I dori't believe in ghosts, or I should have seen one;" and Martha sighed. "It's some one playing a trick on purpose to annoy the master. Unless" -And she shuddered as a thought flashed across her mind. "Good heavens. I'd sooner believe it was a ghost than that. Well, I'll keep my eyes open, anyhow. W'hoever it was a warning to, it'll be one to me. Some how I think we're going to have trouble. It that girl had been seen by anyone but lMrs Martin there'd have been trouble, unless they'd taken her for a ghost. After all, I won't try to alter Downs' belief;" and with this reflection Martha Gee turned along the corridor leading to her own room. 