QUIPS. M~oTniER: 'They say he is a hen-peckea husband." Father: 'Poor follow. Johnny, do you know what ahn-pecked husband is ?' Johnny; ' Yes, father, a mm who has had the chicken pox.' A mother, much troubled by domestic m.tters, was thus comforted by her little girl :-' Nevcr mind, mother, for you are looking very ill, and you will soon be in heaven, andlhope you will have a good cook there.' A little boy, on heing reproved by his mother, politely told her'he was very sorry he had ever made her acquaintance.' A little girl, after hearing some story in which a child had suffered ill.usage from her parents, remarknbol, ' Little children should be very careful in their choice of parents. A boy was asked to name the four seasons, and at once gave the answer, 'Pep~'er, mus tard, salt, and vinegar.' A little fellow of five was one day seated at his mother's side while she related to him the story of the animals going into the ark. After listening tr some time, he said, S?Moather, how many babies entered the ask ?' 'I don't know of any,' replied his mother. 'There must have been some,' he pereisted, 'for you say two of every creeping thing entered the ark.' A little girl who had booeen taken to church cast her eyes for the first time on a group of choir boys in surplices, and very much dis turbed the equanimity of her mother by in quiring, 'Are they all going to get their hair out ?' 'I don't think our minister is very clever,' said a little one; 'every Sunday he asks God the same things. Ho never seems able to make God hear.' The following answer was got from a Standard IV. boy at his geography lesson. The lesson was the rivers of England. Now, it is a well- known fact that the rivers that flow northward into the Wash are very slow. The'teacher asked the reason for their slowness. He got the reply, 'Becausethey flow up the map.' Vicar's little daughter, agedt7, looking up from her hymn book: 'Father, when do the good people sit on the devil's lap P' Horrified parent: ' What do my mean, my dear child ?' Little daughter: 'Yes, you know, father, like this hymn says " And Satan trembles when he sees The weakest saint upon his knees." ' 'Sothey were divorced, oh?' 'Yes; for incompatibility of temper.' 'How did it crmo about?' 'Well, you see, he load the incompatibility and she had the temper.' George took the hint -'? That malkes 13 times I've hissed you, darling,' he said. nashe put on his hat in the doorway at 11 p.m. Oh, George ! 13 ic an unlucky number,' she answered thoughtfully. A farmer, who had come to London for the first time to see the Agricultural Show, was walking along Oxford-street, filling his pipe, when a match-boy came up to him with the usual, 'Lights, sir?' The farmer took the box from the boy, extracted a match, lit his pipe, and handed the box back to the lad, passing on with the remark: ' Lor, what a wunnerful place Lunnon is, to be sure P' A nurse, one Sunday afternoon, wastolling a little girl various stories from the Bible. Amongst them was the beheading of John the Baptist. During the tale the child said, ' Was John the Baptist a good man, nurse ?' ' Oh, yes, very good,' she replied. 'And do you think he went to heaven ?' the little ond continued. ' Yes, I should think so, cer tainly,' replied the nurse. After thinking about it for some minutes, the child said in a wondering tone, ' Well, nurse, whatever good will he be in heaven without a head?' Amongst mission children revelations of home life are not infrequent. A preacher was fold by one of his class children that Abraham did not tell Sarah of his intention to offer up Isaao, because 'she would have had a fecht about it.' As a prelude to oinebf the miracles, a class of boys wore asked 'what was done at home when any one full ill?' Instead of the expected answer about getting a doctor, came the quick response, 'ien' oot for half a gill.' Another boy gave as the reason why the priest and the Levite passed by the wounded man. "Cause they sawhe was robbit a'ready.' Christmas was kept 'to hing up oor stockin's.' A Safeguard-The Widow: 'How strange! The people who live near the cemetery claim they are haunted by the ghosts of my three husbands.' The Friend: ' Thiey should ask you to come and live with them' Had Bome Idea of It: 'And have you never learnt to dance? Then you know nothing of the poetry of motion.' 'Poetry of motion ? (reat oScott! I walked the floor with that boy of mine last night and recited Mother Goose to him for four whole hours.' The wife: 'How did you come to propose to me. John ?' The husband: 'I wanted to be different from other men, I suppose.' ' Well, how is the cycling oraze in this part of the country ?' 'Falling off,' said the pretty cyclist, as she took a header over the handle bar. ' Mr. Scrap: 'I had an awful dream last night. I thought I was dead.' Mlrs. 8- : 'The room was very warm, wasn't it?' 'Henpeck has bought his wife a bicycle. Shrewd fellow that Henpeck ' Shrewd ?' 'Yes, he gets a rest now. She blows ep her tyro.' An exchange asks: 'Why do most authors wear their hair long ?' 'Because barbers cut for cash.' Pepa (on the top of the stairs): ' Is that young man gone, Mamie?' 'Yoes, papa, awfally.' He: 'How well ?Miss Elderberry carries her age.' She : ' But thenou she has become so accustomed to it you know.' Maud : ' I just hate to have Godfrey kiss me; it's such a hit or miss performance.' Evelyn: ' I never noticed that he missed.' Landlady: 'Do you like your stake rare, Mr. Boardlong?' Mr. B : 'No rarer than it is, madam.' Doctor: ' What you need, young man, is change.' Patient: 'Then there's no hope for me, doctor. It will take all my change to pay your bill.' Admirer: ' Do you believe in the divine passion, Miss Sweet ?' Miss Sweet: ' Yes; I'm engaged to marry a minister.' 'Take away women,' shouted the orator, 'and what would follow?' 'We would,' said a man at the back of the audience promptly. She: 'Why, Charles, how can you call Miss James plain ? I wish I was only half as good-looking.' He: 'You are, Hatty, and you know it.' Maude: ' Have you decided how you are going to vote?' Miss Quiver: 'Oh, yes, I'm going to vote in my new black cloth gown with pearl buttons.' 