in Australian Bush Track [COPYRIGHT] CHAPTER II, CAIN COOK'S tKTTKK. BYJ.D. HENNESSEY, Author of* 1 The Dis-Honourable," tyynntimWhite's Wickedness" &c.; Dinner at the Bungalow, as Hartley modestly named his commodious bachelor residence, was an important function, and it was au hour and a half afterward when tbe verandah chairs were again occupied, and the conversation resumed, 4 My special difficulty with this matter,' said Sic Charles, laughing, ' is this ancient blackfellow. I thought that Australia was much too new for anything in the shape of superstition? lore. One expects when on the Rhine, or anywhere else in Europe, to meet with lusty old goblins, aad banshees, and wrak&s;, and goodness knows what ; but to have a boary old demon -down in Moretoa Bay, dating back to tbe time of Captaut Cook, is enough to take one's breath away. Look here, Buchanan,' be said, placing his muscular white hand upon -the shoulder of the captain, a tall gentlemanly u_an of four-and-twenty, * we'll have to take Hartley's yacht and ^^riifty,^ -do^n to atohebam sTaaa get Dim to introduce UB to 4 Loo? Long Tom' 1 ana the 4 4 Fishers of Moretoa Bay !"'' ' You might not wish to go a second time,* laughed Hartley. ' Well, I don't want you to doubt the evidence of my senses. Old gold coins; and a genuine diamond are very tangible witnesses ; but to-have them mysteriously -connected with a.jolly old ghost with a phantom canoe, supposed to be seen cruising about Moreton Bay, is & pretty •big thing for •an agnostic like myselt to swallow. l£ut let us have another look at the letter.' The three men went inside at this, aod Sir Charles lifted an ancient looking document up to the light. " Ah ? " he said, 4 There's a 1767 watermark upon tbe paper. -That favours the leUerbeing genuine; but without questioning the the facts, they may all be attributed to natural causes. Cook was no doubt -deceived. Singular disappearances of vessels through the sudden rising of mists, etc., are by no means uncommon at sea, aod *yhy not in the Bay. But read it out aloud for us, Buchanan, and then we can discuss it further outside. Tbe captain drew a chair qp to the table, and slowly read as follows .:— 11.M.S. 44 Endeavour/' Off Cape Moretcn, Australia) May 16th, 1770. Having met with a very remarkable incident yesterday, tbe fifteenth day of May, in tbe year of ocr Lird 1770, £ feel it to be my duty to the possible future of Jcuropean inhabitants of this newly discovered continent, and also to Bis Gracious Majesty, King George tbe Ili-, to .place on record a true and circumstantial account of the singular and well-nigh -incredible occurrence. We decried yesterday moroiug at daylight a long stretch of low eaad bibs whieh terminated in a sand qpit witb a bluff rock on tbe forec hore, Sounding the cape we cast anchor in eight fathoms of -water in a broad, shallow bay. X -have named tbe former Cape Moreton, and the latter More'on Bay. Later in the day I moved tbe Endeavour farther to tbe southeast, 00 which the Bay opened out, revealing a n<? tuber of islands eovered -with green foliage, and aleo tbe eaouth of a -creek or river. I went witb the ship's long boat, accompanied by Mr Green our astronomer, and Mr Banks, our botanist, and a picked or**w to explore Borne of the islands, ia hope of adding to our collections of plants and animals, but being but partially successful we re* turned. I bad been talking with the chief officer and Mr Green upon the quarter deck when tbe former called my atteotin to a large native vessel, which seemed to have emerged from between tbe islands and was rapidly bearing down upon us. We all re* marked tbe uuueual size of the crafc. It was -fitted witb two masts and carried large triangular sails, seemingly constructed of some native cotton or grass, woven into cloth, rhere was high ornamental wood work at prow aod stern, it was now growing towards twilight and partly on acccunt of this, hut principally by reason of tbe sails and b:gh wood work of the prow and stero, it was impossible to count the number of the crew. Several natives were seen, however, and at the steru, guiding the vessel's course with a big weep, which answered for a helm, stood a native of stature and countenance never before met with by use in these seas. They slackened sail as tbey grew nearer, and the boatswain, by my direction hailed her, calling out, 4 * Ship ahoy ! what name ?" ID reply, clear, wild,ringing sound, came from the thtoat of the huge steersman ; 4 4 D£ Fuohers" is tbe best interpretation I am able to give of the sound, which we all distinctly beard. I may say that Dr Colander and Mr Green both support my opinion ; but the second officer and otber of the crew believe the words to have been " Tbe Fishers," which is, on the face of the matter, moet unlikely, as although they might have followed the calliDg of fishermen it is impossible that they could have been acquainted with Ilia English tongue. However, having thus called out, the native suddenly turned and threw towards as one of their weapons of warfare, railed, X believe bp them a '* boomerang." It name whirling through the air witb great force, and seemed to have been directed towards myself and the group around me. It was sharpened upou the edges and tbe doctor natrowly escaped injury. Taking tbi-i to be an indication of hostile intention, and in agaant at the weapon being directed at myself, some of ths marines fired Bmall aims in the direction of the periagua. I regretted this, as I was anxious to maintain friendly relations with the natives. Bnt to our astonishment and consternation, im mediately after the discharge of firearms, we observed tbe vessel to be gradually disappearing before our eyes. Many of the crew were watching from the ship's side, and a eeore of reliable witnesses are prepared to state, on oath, that she neither foundered nor was enveloped in mist, but dissolved before our eyes into air. The final disappearance being accompanied by a wild, bad scream, that sounded like a repetition of the previously spoken worda. This untoward event has, I regret to say, Med tbe crew witb tbe gravest apprehension and alarm. Mid I confess that my own mind Is not without misgivings as to what warning tbe phenomenon may have been eontepded to convey. The weapon which fell on the deck ie^ constructed of a dark wood, and on one aide is covered with letters or symbols of a niogulti form. Whatever mby ba the language it is one that neither ^ lir Solinder. Joseph Banks, nor myself can in anv way deoipher. The . crew general!} regard it with superstitious dread, aod it has been hinted to me that it would relieve their feelings if I would throw it overboard. Indeed, some of them X understand, aver that unless it is thrown out of the ship we shall be wrecked before getting dear of tbe tbe Australian coast, However, I shall not yield to them that far, bat partly to allay their feirs. I have decided to have this statement, with an accurate drawing of tbe weapon and its inscribed characters attached, placed in a box and securely bidden or buried upon a small island cf bright red soil, which can be diecebned a few leagues from anchorage. It will re represented to the sailors that the weapon or boomerang is in tbe box, which will lessen their fears, and in a few days I hope, restore their equanimity. I intend to take tbe boomerang to Europe, in hope that its mysterious inscriptions may be deciphered aod interpreted by some iearnei man, to tbe elucidation of the mysterious phenomenon which is *t present eo inexplicable and awe ittapkiag to all that witnessed it. . Given under my hand and seal, this sixteenth day of Alay, in the year ot ©or Lord, seventeen honored and seventy. (Signed) Witness: JOSEPH BANKS, Attached to the letter was a further sheet of paper, on which was the drawing of a boomerang, almost lull sisse, and engraved upon it were a number of singular cbatactera, which could not be represented by -any letters couuprwed in the —t,—j..— . , scholar of -the party, said that the nearest approach to ttiem which be had seen was in tbe urncal manuscript cf tbe Latin Bible, in tbe possession of the Bodleian -Library, at Oxford. Ths following translation of this remarkable inscription was signed by a professor of the Bonu University. JTHE PATH OF ZOO. From tbe islands of tbe east, follow the -broad flowing waters beyond the snake coils to its source. South of the setting sun, a cleft appears in tbe mountain. Beyond ts the great country of mauy little trees, Follow as the birds tly towards tbe setting sun of winter, beyond the broad plains, over tbe white mountains, and you reach tne span longer than the arms ot many men, -Beware of the great waters ! -Beware of the white gates and the golden ! .Beyond that fear not; your eyes will see, and four bands may touch what all men love. i'he men looked at each other, aad there was a pause after the Captain had finished; broken at last by Hartley - * I was reading all that over before you came ia.* be said. 4 Now come outside ana ha v e a smoke, an i I will give you the benefit of some information about tbe north-eastern interior of this continent, which I picked up out un my station on tbe Barcoo, and I think it will surprise you, Tbe path of .Zoo-zoo seems to me to have something i) it, and if you don't go with Stoneham, 1 shall consider seriously whether I cannot make up a party to go there myself. I have a theory about that path of ^00- zoo.' (To be continued JAMBS COOK. 