A BRILLIANT IRISH-CATHOLIC AU THORESS. ROSA MULHOLLAND. Two women whoso names are written large in general literature, but who are especially dear to , Catholica for much special service to the Faith, owe the first fostering of their gifts to Charleo Dickens. One of these was Adelaide Proctor, the poet ; the other, discovered in his later days, Rosa Mulhol land (now Mrs. John Gilbert), the novelist. She was but a novice in her art when Dickens invited her to become a contributor to his magazine, ' All the Year Round.' She profited greatly by the en couragement and example of her master, although there is no trace of his influence in her literary work. Two of her loveliest stories, ' Hester's His tory,' and ' The Wicked Woods of Tobereevil,' ?weie written at Dickens' own suggeotion The latter especially, and another of equally curio sity-exciting name, ' The Wild Birds of Kilieevy,' are exquisite romances, and who can speak too highly of the 'flaunted Organist of Hurly Burly' ; 'The Ghost at Wildwood Chase,' and 'A Strange Love Story' ?. Misn Mulholland's stories are set against a great variety of backgrounds ; but nowhere is her descrip tive gift so exquisite as in her pen-pictures of Irioh scenery. The land where April smiles and tears, and fresh ness and verdure are all perennial, has oeldom been pictured by so loving and faithful a hand. Nor is our novelist cold to the long and unrequited passion of her native land for freedom. One of the strongest and best of her later stories is ' Marcella Grace,' a story of modern Irish nationalism. We question if there is in modern fiction a more dra matic chapter than that in which Marcella, who hao foresworn herself to save her lover, retracts by hio command her false testimony, although both believe that she is thus pulling down the last barrier be tween him and the scaffold. A still later, and very beautiful, story of Irish, life by the same author is ' Banshee Castle,' and her latest collection of short stories, which containo some excellent idylls of Irish peasant life, is 'Mari- gold.' Other books of Miss Mulholland are ' The Late Miss Hollingford,' 'A Fair Emigrant,' 'The Squire's Grand-daughters,' besides these juve niles : — ' The Mystery of Hall-in-the-Wood,' ' Four Little Mischiefs,' 'Hetty Gray,' ' Giannetta,' 'The Little Flower Seekers,' 'Puck and Blos som,' 'Five Little Farmers,' 'The Walking Trees.' Her distinctly religious books include : — ?' The Story of Jesus Simply Told for the Young,' ' Holy Childhood,' ' Spiritual Counsels for the Young,' and ' The First Christmas.' Miss Mulholland has written many beautiful poems. A collection of these was published about ten years ago, with the modest title ' Vagrant Verses.' At least one of these, 'Failure,' is known wherever the English language is read, and with another not less beautiful, ' Sister Mary of the Love of God,' warmly praised by Edmund Clarence Stedman, is included in Mr. Stedman's latest volume. Miss Mulholland is married to the well-known historical writer, John T. Gilbert, LL.D. They live in a charming little villa just outside of Dublin. Her elder sister is Lady Russell, wife of Lord Kusoell, of Killowen, Lord Chief Justice of England. Her younger sister, Clara Mulholland, is an author of growing fame. Her brother, William Mulholland, Q..C., is an eminent member of the English Bar. Mrs. Gilbert, or Rosa Mulholland, as she will ever be remembered by her host of readersj is a woman of singular charm of person and manner, whose simplicity and modesty have never been marred by the love and fame which came to her in overflowing measure far earlier than to most of the auccessiul -women, oi the pen, 