ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, SALIS BURY. The inhabitants of Salisbury were £a\purcd with beautiful woatlier on Thursday after noon, July SO, on the occasion of tho laying of the foundation-stone of the chancel of SU John's Churcli, in that town. The ceremony was performed by His Excellency tho Governor, Sir T. Powell Buxton, m the presence of about 500 persona, many of whom came from considerable distances. Tho event was a rod-letter day in the history of Salisbury, and tho proceedings were very enthusiastic^ Ilis Excellency drove to Salisbury, being accompanied thither by Captain Honnikor, his Private Secretary, and the Bight Rev. Dr. Harmcr, Bishop of Adelaide. The viceregal party were received by the Rev. W. G» Murphy, the Incumbontof St. John's, thoChair man and members of the District Council, and a good numlier of tho inhabitants. A band of instrumentalists played " God save the Queen" on tho arrival of Her Majesty's representative, the National Anthem being sung afterwards by the school children. Sir Powell was then presented with the following address:— May it please your Excellency—We, (lie Chairman and Councillors of the ^District Council of Yatala North, representing tlie residents of Salisbury and district, hep to tender to your Excellency a vciy cordial welcome on this the occasion of your first visit >o this locality. It is true our township is not rich hinrchitoctural embellishments, nor have wo the attractive relicH of antiquity which in dear old England greet the eye of the touriHt.lmt, ncvcrtho less, our ditdrict is not without its interesting features, and as producers we lay claim to some small part in contributing to tiio conveniences of "our fellow-colonists, and in the gaining of renown for our fruits end ether products in the markets*of the wide world, while we fearlessly assure your Excellency tout in .no part of the magnificent Jlritish Empiro can there he found a people more loyal and true to tho Throne of our most uracjous Hovereica Lady the Queen. Wo cannnut fail to recognise that Her Miye-ty confers a gracious favour upon our colony In sending us as lier viccregent one so thoroughly in sympathy with all that is good, great, and truly noble, so fulfy devoted to its advancement and interested in its prosperity, stid we t.ru-t that your stay and also that, of Lady Victoria Buxton in this southern land will he happily and joyously pro longed . VVe have the honour to lie, your Excellency's bumble servants, .J. P. Swann, Chairman; W. ,1. McNicot,, T. H, JudI), H. W. J ago, and A. W. W'iiittlkska, Coun cillors; James Harvey, Clerk. Hih Excellency replied-Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—The address which you havo presented to me gives me much gratification, assuring me as it does of tho loyalty which you boar towards Her Most Grampus Majesty the Queen. I thank you most heartily for the kind words with which you have welcomed mo on this my first visit to Salisbury. Tho fame of this district as a fruit-growing area is well known to mo, and J. have no doubt that this place will ever be among the foremost in main taining tho name of South Australia as a land of abundant fruitfulness. Lady Victoria Buxton joins with mo in thanking you for tho very kind wishes you havo expressed for our stay in this colony. Tho Governor and Bishop Ilarmer and Captain Honnfker afterwards lunched with M r. and Mrs. Murphy at the parson ago. Tho ceremony at tho Church began at 3 o clonic. Among those present were tho Rev. Canon Coombs, Rural Dean; tho Rev. Canon Barnwell, of Port Adelaide; and tho Rev. W, B. Milne. The woll-known hymn " The Church's one foundation" was sung, and after devotional exercises tho Incumbent requested His Excellency to kindly lay tho stone. Having been presented with a silver trowel by a littio girl, His Excellency addressed the assembly, expressing his great pleasure at being present to take part in a, servico for tho advancement of tho Church in that district. After further religious exercises, conducted by tho Incumbent, and the rendering of Psalm Ixxxiv., " O, how amiable are thy dwellings, thou Lord of hosts," the stone was fixod in its position. His Excellency declared it to ho well and truly laid, remarking—" In the faith of Jesus Christ, wo place this foundation stone in tho name of God the Father, God tho Bon, and God the Holy Ghost." Bishop Harmer offered the concluding prayers. Speeches followed. Canon Coomijs re viewed tho history of the Church, and re ferred to the benefactions given by Mr. Harvey, Mr. Urlwin, and others. Dr. Harm Kit expressed his great appreciation of the way in which thejDhancel Building Fund had been taken up, the sum of £100 having been locally sub scribed out of the £200 required. Tho Bishop exhorted the congregation in their good work. The Rev. W. G. Murphy also spoke, and after singing the hymn O Lord of hosts, whose glory fills The hounds of the eternal hills— the benediction was pronounced by the Bishop. The sum of £32 was placed on tho founda tion-stone. Tho Governor gave a donation of hvc guineas. A a entertainment, preside! over by Mr. .T. 15. Laurie, was held in the Institute, in the evening The building was crowded to excess. Proceedings commenced by the Rev. Mr. Murphy, Incumbent, apologising for tho absence of Messrs. Gilbert and Butler, M.P.'s, who were away on Far* liamentary duties, but had generously con-; tributcd towards the Chancel Fund. An excellent programme containing twenty-two numbers was carried out to the satisfaction of jsvery one. The Chairman thanked all those who hat! assisted in bringing the day's proceedings to such a successful issue. He specially thanked those persons be longing to other denominations for their land assistance. He eulogized the rev. In cumbent (Mr. Murphy) for the energy he had displayed, and considered much crodift was due to that gentleman. The proceed ings closed by singing the National Anthem. Everything passed off in a highly successful manner, reflecting credit on all concerned. 