SPORTING SHOTS. RACES TO COME. September. 1, 5. S.A.J.C. Sprin ♦ Meeting. Nomina tions, August 10 ; weights, August 24 and September 2 ; acceptances, August 27 and September 4. The Adelaide Racing Club have every reason to be satisfied with the sup port accorded them during the Grand National Meeting, which was con cluded on Saturday last, and those who patronised the meeting must be very hard to please if they wanted anything better than the two days' racing provided for them. Doubloon, the favorite, ridden by Lake, had no difficulty in winning the Selling Race from Electric. First Master was well backei, but he wouldn't try, and as a result his owner parted with him for a very small sum to a gentleman who is well known as an owner of jumping horses, and maybe the son of Newmaster will one day be seen taking part in a hurdle race. The field for the Hurdle Race was reduced by the withdrawal of Con ventioner. Mr. Ferry provided a sur prise packet on this occasion in Wirrawa, a chestnut gelding by Stilton —Alice, who, it will be remembered, ran prominently in a hurdle race on the Old Course some time ago. He was always in a good position in the race, and Barnes did not have any trouble in shaking the others off after the last hurdle was jumped. Nalpa fell, and the favorite, Gaillardia, who looked a bit big, did not seem to be able to get up pace enough to make a fight with the placed horses. The Mayor's Mile furnished another surprise, three of the outsiders in the race filling the places, and the way Hear Hear led his field along and finished in front of everything must have surprised those who have been backing him in six furlong races for some time past. He paid £22 16s. in the machine, and one of his followers ! was heard lamenting the fact that he had only £5 on him. Mom pa and Princess of Wales filled the places. Not much fault could be found with the condition of the horses that were to take part in the Grand National Steeplechase. Banjo certainly had a piece of bagging around one of his legs, but probably this was to keep him warm, as when Mr. Ferry removed the " furniture" nothing serious was observed, and the horse was well sup ported in the machine, he carrying over twice as much money as his stable companion, Cataract. The favorite, A.11 Fours, was reported to be in tip top condition. She looked it, and the mare wanted it all, for she had nothing to spare when Cataract was finished with. Young Lucifer went well until he rapped a couple of fences, and this seemed to knock the steam out of him, and Simple Jim went well enough to give hopes of a win on some future occasion. Sir George carried his 9 st. into third place. Juliet went well, but would have been better suited had the race been half a mile shorter. With a couple of stone off his back Black Flag might have been persuaded to get the course Confidence, Doric, and Woodfield fell. If the former is not given a rest shortly he will take one on his own, and give his rider one, too, perhaps. The finish of the race was robbed of some of its interest by Banjo taking off too far at the last fence and coming down. But for this McGowan would have had the full strength of the Ferry stable to shake off down the straight. Taliesin looked like winning the Dequetteville Stakes until Quinn let Security's head go, and then nothing else had a chance. A good many of the starters in the Corporation Stakes made an effort to catch the Judge's eye first, but Fund was altogether too goo i for the rest of the field. Trentalto was placed second, but the Judge did not risk picking a third horse out of the bunch. Mr. Hughes issued the weights for the first day's racing in connection with the S.A.J.C. Spring Meeting on Monday morning, and also those for the Steeplechase, to be decided on the second day of the meeting. In the Hurdle Race, two miles, Jack Sprat is at the head of the list with 11 st. 3 lb, and Fioodbird follows with 1 lb. less than he finished out of a place with on Saturday last. Nalpa, 10 st. 3 lb., Gail'ardia, 9 st. 10 lb., and the Golden King and First Bolt, 9 st. 7 lb. each, should be hard to beat in this race. In the Glenelg Handicap, one mile, Nomadic, 7 st. 12 lb., and Pitchery, 7 st. 8 lb., appear to be well in, and Hear Hear and Mompa, with 7 st. 2 lb. and 7 st. respectively, should be about ad the finish, whilst Supposition, 6 st. 12 lb, and U.Z., 6 st. 10 lb., should find these weights a luxury after what they have been accustomed to up country. In the Sturt Handicap, six furlongs, every h'-rse has been givenfa chance t > score. All Fours has gone up 12 lb. over what she carried on Saturday and Cataract 7 lb., whilst Banjo has the same weight, 11 st. 7 lb. Sir George has only 3 lb. more than he finished third with. The Ghost, after his moderate performance on Saturday, has been eased to the extent of '{7 lb., whilst Young Lucifer has gone up a couple of pounds. Banjo and Sir George read as well as anything. Mr. W. T. .Jones, the owner of New haven, has decided not to risk sending the Derby favorite over to Sidney. He is now quoted at 3 to 1 for the Victorian Blue Riband, and Coil, who is being steadily supported, at 5 to 1. 