John Humphrey's Strange Guest. Br FANNIE EDEN" Author of " The White Slaves of London; " Motherless," etc., etc. CHAPTER IV. IN THE NAUNTED WING. {Continued) Th e clouds seemed lifting j a gleam of light was stealing across my darkened soul. Just then, from the servants' quarters, a voice came singing softly : " Just as I am, without one plea, But that Thy blood was shed for me, And that Thou bidd'st me come to Thee. O Lamb of God, I come !" Ifc was poor Mary, the kitchen maid. I had often seen her weeping at the reading, but now I knew, by the thrill of gladness in her voice, that she had indeed come and had found peace. I bent my head upon my hands, and there and then I made those sweet words my own. " By faith, taking God's promise to myself,' I said, ' just as I am I come.' When I again raised my head, a new light of joy was fining in ray eyes, a light which 1 saw reflected in Bertram' * It is all right,' I whispered. ' I have cast my soul, with all my sins, upon God, and I know that for Christ's sake He has saved me.' He took both my hands in his and ressed them joyfully ; and then as if too full for words he turned away, his ej-es bright with tears ; and I, too, stole away !o my room to tiour out my heart in thanksgiving to God, who had so wonderfully rolled my burden of sin and trouble right away. I cannot say that after that I was always quite happy, for it wag cot so. There were momenta when that first sweet, bright glow di8«ppeared, and when the sense of peace fluctuated : hut my trust in God's word never wavered. That, I knew, was true, however I might fail ; and I did not know then how like an anchor to hold my sorrow-tossed heait that trust weuld be, in the treat trouble thai was coming upon roe. On the morning; before Christinas Day, Bertram HaliJay, I. and a gar dener made an excursion into the wood to see what we could collect iu the way ot greenery wherewith to decorate the e;reat hall ; and so rich was it with winter trophies, that ere long we came back loaded with laurel, box and bay, holly, mistletoe, and great trailing sprays of ivy. The gardener had gone on with a lurge barrow heaped high, but, Betram and I were following behind, laughing merrily as we carried a great bundle between us. Suddenly James Stansfield crossed our pathway, and he raised his hat to me, then turned and looked at my c m pan ion, and it made tne shiver all over to see the gleam of deadly hatred which sprang to his eves as he leaned toward him, and biased out between his teeth some words which I could not hear ; then he Btrode off into the woods. ' What did he say I said. ' It is not worth repeating,* Bertram answerpd. * Nay,' seeing how pale I had gone, ' do not fear him, Eve ; he cannot hurt you while I am here !' 4 But he will hurt you,' i said trembling all over. 1 Oh, what have you done to make him hate vou so?' ' Do not think about him,' he said soothingly. And soon we reached the hall,' and in our delightful work of decoratin soon fcrgot hitn, and eie very long we made it look so lovely th*t I clapped my hands witti glee, and ran to bring grandfather to look. He a^emed very pleased, and had evidently quite forgotten that he had never before allowed the faintest aporoach to anything like keeping Christmas since the terrible night long ago when the sorrow of his life fell upon him. That night, after retiring to rest, it seemed to me that I had been asleep for hours, when suddenly I started up ifi bed wide awake with the conviction that I had b«nu aroused by dome strange sound altogether unusual. My heart- WMH beating rapidly, and I telt alarmed, and yet I knew not why. I struck a match and lit the candle, that always stood beside nay bed, and looked at mv watch. It was just twelve o'clock. 4 What could have awakened me with such a start ?' 1 wondered Surely it must have been the storm oHtaide, I told my*elf; for now I perceived that a hurricane was blowing, driving sheets of rain against, the wiadows. But, hark ! What was that? It was a long, blood-curdling, piercing wail, th-.it rosf in intesity and volume until it reached a shriek ; and then it seemed to die gradually down into a sobbing moan-— as ot one in mortal pain ; and yet there was something so weird and unnatural about it that you could not conceive it coming from anything human. My fir&t; instinct was to stop mv ears end bury my head in the bedclothes, aud lie there in trembling agony ; my second, which 1 acted upon, was to spring from the bed, and, wrapping myself about in my dressinggown, to make my way, light in hand, to grandfather's room. For I dreaded to think what the consequences might be to bim, in his present nervous and feeble condition, if he, t®o, bad heard that dreadful sound t crept to his door and listened. Everything was peifectly si ill, save only for his so-newhat loud but regular breathio?, That was well ; dear grandfather, at least, had not been startled. I lifted the flickering light above my head, and looked along the dun corridor, to see that the door of Bertram Haliday's room was wide open, and eveidwntly, so far as T was able to judgp, empty of its usual inmate. ' Hid he heard that noise V I wonder-d ; ' and had he gone down there alone to find out its meaning A sudden new terror seized me now, and made me for a moment almost sink to the ground. 4 Had something dreadful happened —a tragedy like that awful one which had taken place long ago, on that other Christmas eve? And was he in danger —nut- brave, kind guest ?' Even with the thought came agiin that awful sound, and this time I could tell distinctly that it came from the wing that was always kept fast closed. And then, with a horror of fear that gave me the feeling that every hair on my head was trying to rise, I remembered the story that was whispered about amongst the servants and the villagers, that always on Christmas Eve the ghost of the murdered man walked to and fro, with awful wailiags, along the passage that led to his room. Although in my heart of hearts I had always scorned these idlo tales, yet in my terror now I was about to fly back to my room and hide myself snugly away from AII supernatural sights and sounds in the bedclothes. But he was down there—Bertram, perhaps in some real danger* Could I l N b e'^ve him and rush away to safety 7 o, I cculd not. So, instead of going ack to my room, I fonnd nivself impt lied to creep down the great staircase and make my way towards the haunie-1 wing. Before I reached it I perceived that the door stood wide open, and I fell half-fainting back into the shadow of some heavy hanging draperies ; for advancing towards me along that ^reat dim passage cune a tall figure carrying a lamp Back, back I shrank, stifling the impulse to shriek out—and oh. how thankful I was the next moment that I bad dene so ; for by now it was essy to perceive that the fiaure approaching was no phoat, but Bertram Halidav himself He passed so close to me that his dark crimson dressingtrown brushed against me, but he passed on without noticing me. His face was ghasrly white, and his features set and rigid. There was stern perplexity upon his face, yet mingling with it a firm fixity of resolve ; and as he passed me I heard him mutter, as he looked into space with wide- onen eyes that seemed to s°e the enactment of some great horror, Foul play ; foul play, but, please God, I will unravel the tangled web, and the innocent shall not always suffer fir the guilty 1 I watched him close and lock the door of that gruesome wing, place the key in his pocket, and then slowly pxss up ihe great staircase into his room. When his door v? ;is shut I sprang like a flash of lightning past it and into my room, to lie awake for hours, pondering over all that I had heard and seen, and marvelling greatly at the mvsterious ways of our strangle gnnst. CHAPTER V. PARTED ! TOWARDS morning I must have fallen into a d-ep, sound sleep for when I woke broad shafts of sunlight were streaming into mv room, and nurse was standing beside my bed, wondering at mv unnsu:il stillness. 1 WeU, Miss Eve,' she was saying, ' not up vet ? You, as is always so lively in & morning, and Christmas Day, too. and as lovely a morning as you could wish ; a renl white Christmas it's going to be after al ! .* I leaped from my bed and ran to the wi:idow. 4 Oh, nurse, how glorious!' I cri u d, and then T stood still in an ecitasy, for I looked upon a world of arc'ic whiteness, all scintillating in radi*nt nun lij?ht. 4 And Santa Claus has been too,' nurse went on smilinffly btisv 4 See door what I have found outride your this morning. She handed me a parc;l, daintily wrapped in soft, white paper. I felt a glow of delicious excitement rush to my face. My first present ; yes, the very first Christmas present I had evir had in ray life. Who could have thought of me ? With trembling fingers I unwrapped it, th*»n gave a low cry of delight—it w<8 a volume of G'orga Herbert's pieti-y, exquisitely bound in white vellum and gold. 4 Ob, how £ood of bim ; how kind !' I ejaculated. 4 But who is it from, Miss Eve V said nurse, who was watching me curiously. 4 Why, who could it be from,' I said. 4 but the dear, kind friend who has dene so much for us all—Mr Halid iy ? [ happened to say a while ago, how I should love a volume of Herbert, and he must have got this specially bound for me. See he has written my nam j and his in it,' and I looked down with delight on the beautiful, firm hand writing. 4 But, hark ! What was that ?' Nurse and I simultaneously raised our heads to listen ; an 1 then nur<8 opened the bedroom door to let in the souals more distinctly ; for grand and loud came burst of music from the great organ that for vears had stood silent in the ha'l, and which dying down into rich, low ch<»rd*, became an accompaniment to Bertram Haiid ty's clear tenor voice which, with a ring of joyous gladness, was singing : 4 G'ory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will towards m*n.' I felt tear-; of happiness rush to mv eyes. 4 Ch, nurse,' I wbisDcrod, 4 what a beautiful Christmas Day this is going to be ; the first, the very first, really happy one I have ever known !' And then I dressed quickly, and ran out of my room, only to find Bertram waiting impatiently outside in the corridor to clasp my hand, and wish me, with tender earcestness, a very happy and joyous Chris'mastide. And. with his eyes looking in^o mine, with heaven's own truth in them, what could I do but push away from my mind all the gruesome horrors of the night before, and, without even mentioning what 1 had heard and s en, go joyously down the great staircase beside him, willing to forget everything in the strangely new and exquisice brightness of that fair Christmas morning. For how could E forsee that a day that had arisen so brightly should end in daikejt gloom 1 * * * * (To be, continued.) 