CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. ANNUAL DINNER. The annual dinner in connection with the New South Wales Chamber of Manu factures was held last week at the Metropo litan Hotel, King-street, Sydney. The president of the chamber (Mr. O. H. Hoskins) was in the chair, and amongst those present were the Premier (Mr. G. H. Reid), the Minister for Public Works (Mr. J. H. Young), the Minister for Eduoation (Mr. J. GarrardV Sir George Dibbs. Mr. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., Mr. A. D. Nelson, M.P., Mr. Hugh Dixson, Mr. John Young, Mr. J. P. Wright, Mr. A. W. Meeks, and Other prominent citizens, . The Chairman proposed ' The Ministry.' The Premier responded. As the gueBt of the chamber be wished to emphasise to the chamber, and to the people of the country, that the Government were not the ene mies to the industries of New South Wales. As a chamber they knew no party politics, . and he hoped they would keep that prin ciple sternly ia view. If the chamber could only point out to him any possible methods by which he could advance the interests of the manufacturing industries of the country, consistently with his politioal principles, the Chamber would find him ready to receive their suggestions. He thoroughly believed in a Chamber of Manu factures, because, no doubt, colonial manu factures were subject to a number of diffi culties which everyone ought to strive to remove. He knew there was an unpa triotic prejudice in some quarters against colonial products simply because they were colonial. But be intended to invite the committee of the Chamber of Manuf icturea to suggest to him how he could possibly revise tbe tender schedules so as to give a fair field to articles of colonial manufacture. (Applause.) He found that in the schedules articles were specified which practically shut out colonial manufactures. If colonial manufactures had attained that pitch of perfection at anything like the price the Government eould obtain them from other countries, it was absolutelv the dutv ot the Government to encourage the colonial article. It was, of course, not always a matter of price ; quality was perhaps the more essential question. (A 'Voice : ' A backdown.') He could not understand that sorb of remark, which resulted from a kind of mind whish did much harm to protec tionists. It was a degraded idea to picture a freetrader as a man who tried to ii jure colonial industry. A freetrader wished to benefit every industry, and be would be no party to giving the manufacturing industry better treatment than was given to any other industry. It was absolutely wrong that in Government contracts any colonial manufactures should be disqualified. The terms of the contracts should be otherwise, and he was going to ask the Clumber of Manufactures to help the Government to revise the schedules, so tha*, at any rate, colonial manufactures should get a fair start. (Applause.) That was a duty he owed to the manufacturers of the colony. It was the duty of the Government to sea that, even protectionist as many members of the Chamber were ? The Chairman : Some of us. Mr. Reid : Protectionist as many of tha members of the chamber were, the Go vernment should see that that was not allowed to interfere with the duty of the Government to men who by their enterprise and industry were endeavoring to promote the general wellbeicg. In saving that he was not backing down in any way, but only doing his duty to the public, who had en- ' trusted him with political powera. The administration of public affairs ought to be in the interest of the whole com munity. It was in that spirit that the members of the Government were there that night. While the Government would maintain their policy in its integrity, they would, iu the matter of supplies to tbe public service, always have souse to sea., that our own people and our own industries were not put under any unfair restrictions. If there was a doubt he was prepared to give it in favor of colonial industry. (Ap plause ) Mr. Young also responded. He said ha had always advocated colonial industries having the fairest of fair play in the matter of State tenders. But tho Government had to consider the interests of the whole community. He hoped the Chamber of Manufactures wou!d go on and prosper, and bocomo even more important than it had boon the past. (Applause.) Mr. Girrard also responded. Mr. Hugh Dhson proposed 'Parlia- ment.' Mr. R, E, O'Connor responded, and said the speech of the Premier disclosed ft pro per statesmanlike view of the situation. The success of the Legislative Council had always depended on the judgment with which it had been able to distinguish be tween truo progress and unrest. (Ap plausp.) Mr. A. D. Nelson, M.P., also responded. Sir George Dibbs proposed ' Manufac turing industries of N«w Sooth Wales.' He regarded the chamber as capable of a great. amount of good, and urged absolute freedom of discussion at their gatherings on industrial political questions. Thespeeches that evening showed they were all of one mind in desiring to provide work for the unemployed. He took the oppor unity of pointing out that as agaiost 46,800 em ployed in ttie manufactures under the pro tectionist regime there were now only 43,000. Mr. Young : You introduced a panic in the meantime. (Laughter ) Mr. Reid : Chaff— only chaff. (Laugh ter) Sir George Dibbs went on to say that every good Government could only desire the happiness of the masses of the people. Thai happiness could be secured by fair and liberal wages, and the people must have work. The Chamber of Msnufactures should do its duty, and eee to the continued existence of colonial manufactures. (Ap plause.) The Chairman responded, and, gave a. resume of the aims and objects of the chamber, which would during the coming year draw up a suggestive Customs tariff. Tinder present circumstances the chamber had not ' a ghost of a show ' with a tariff which would, however, only suggost 10 per cent., or at the outside 20 pe-r cent., import duties. Thpn the chamber intended to approach the Government with a view of getting a subsidy of, say, £500 per annum, in view o*' tha services which the chamber rendered to the State. The Chamber of C )tnmerce was practically sub gidis-d, and any subsidy to the Chamber of Manufactue-s would ba more than re turned in the general benpfifc. 'Kindred Institutions ' and otler toasts follo.wed. 