A GERMAN WEAVING VILLAGE. An intelligent correspondent has written an account of bis visit to a little- known district of Germany, from which wo t&ho; tho following : — ' About 200 miles from tho Gorman capital, in thn northern nurt of the nrovinco of fiilfmn . there ia a lino of luw bills called the Hvystaolr Mountnios. Scattered among these hills, some times in vitiligos and ognin iq detacher! and isolated log cabins, nro to ha found about 2,000 people, who aro called the Huugcr- Mcnsohon— human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand- loom weaving, and it has been carried on so-long on starvation wages that their bodies bavo shrunk and dwindled qntil tho anthropologist may almost classify them as a separate species of tho human family. Most ot these weavers live in the little county of Glatz, but a few hours' ride from Breslau, and Gold- baah is the Schaudfleck or shame spot of Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning that Ryborg and I climbed from Reinerz to tho broad plateau on which the miserable littlo Lamlot is situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff climbing we reached the top, and Goldbach lay before us. Its low cabins were strung along bath aides of the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even from where we stood we could hear the monotonous cliok-cltok of the long line of looms. Some little children ran into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click-olaolc stopped far a moment, and ghost-liko faces peered out of the windows. Such withered human beings I had never seen before. Their eyes were sunken and dull, and the skill on their faces when not sickly white was of a dingy yellow hue. They lookod out upon us bewildered, and then fell back to their loom., and tho click-elaSk began afresh. We wau- dered on to the end of the hamlet and then back to thn inn, and the only living creatures we saw were the children aud the faces ill the window. There was not a bone or dog any where in sight, and the impression tho little village gave us was that of an isolated settle ment, rhut off from human eyni| atliy and eveu deserted -by the domestic animals, Berr Sammeli, the mayor, was a wrinklod little mau, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I bad not noticed among the other villagers. It comes, I fanoy, from tho wearying efforts to collect villogo tuxes. Be was anxious that we should have his ofiichl statement of tho ease. Gold- bkoli, ho said, was the poorest place in tho entire district. There are nearly a hundred weavers in tho village, and they just barely exist. Iu tho Bohemian-speaking villages far ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in tho woods or ut thoir looms as they chose, and they are conse quently belter situated. In Goldbach, bowtver, this choico has nover existed, and thn villagers are now so weak and unaccustomed Co out-door labour that they simply cannot undertako it. All that they ore capable of is a little wurlc in their gardens and weaving, and thn com petition with machines is so great that thoir cloth must bo sold at the vety lowest prices. Tho Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to the weavers oo the instalment plan, racb sottler promising to pay Ore marks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time tho villago had brcn in tho bands of lurge land proprietors, and it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownorsbip uf house and garden would give the weaver a now impetus to work. Bod there been onuugh work for tlicm this hope, no doubt, would bavo beon realised, hut hand-loom weaving is so little in demaud to-dny that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight persons is not mora than 400 marks, or less than £20. This is sup posed to cover nil expenses, and it is not hard to understand why there are so many mortgages. , The main kinds of waaving doue in Goldbacb are shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in lteinrrz, furnishes tho raw studs, and then buys the cluth at a valua tion agreed upou beforehand. -The Govern ment has also hod sumo work done here, but ns it usually wants towels for tbo array, and the weavers are too week to do suoh heavy weaviog, the middleman is thumain employer. If there is n flaw in the cloth returned to him it is net paid for, nod a ease is koown whore a woman worked two wetks on some sheetings and all payment fur thn cloths delivered was refused because of some littlo mistake. Tbo bill of fare in tho village varies a little in thn different oabins, bat in thu main it consists of rye coffee, rye breed, and meal. A queer mixture of dough aud meal is tho favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes aro ruton when obeap enough. Most of tbo weavers have little gardens where tbey raise all tbe vegetables tbr-y can, but tbiir lots are so small that they bavo no room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early iu tbe winter. Meat is sel dom seen. Horr Snmmrck has it once a week, but he earns au extra 150 rnaiks a year for bis publio servicer, aud can afford it. Tha others got n taste of it once in six months. Tbe greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are blcod kindred, and married oouples are fre quently first cousins, but malformed children are turpi isingly rare. Nearly Bvery household has ut least four hoys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Hcrr Paid, as ho hud remarked upon tho fact, how he accounted for it. Bo shook his head doubtfully, and at Brut did not seam tu bavo any explanation to give, hut he finally raiu, in a ; ruo air ucips a uroo . it usa tno children begin to woavr, however, tho'lifo Boon tells on tbeni, and if they kcop it up tlity grow thin and wenk. As soon as a child can turn the crank of thn spooling muohino he Ib enlisted into tho ser vice, and has almost as m'siiy hours ' of toil as his parents, At five o'olook, summer and winter, be must be up and doing, and after tbe few bourn at sebool and play, be works on into tbe night with his elders. I asked Herr Sam- nook if bo did not think tbo older peoplo would be strong if they worked out of doors a littlo— on forme for example. " We have tried it," ho replied, " but wo are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if tho wind blows bard, wu shiver ns you do in winter, nnd no farmer will tako us." " But could you not go into factories ?" A look of despair came into hiB face. " It is the same thing there," ho answered. "If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we cau't do enough, You see we lack tbo strength to run tho big machines, nud in factories they want people that can work haul. No ; all that we can do ia to weave." In answer to an inquiry why there is so littlo worlr, he said that the factories controlled the market, and it was only by working cheaper than factory hands that homo weavers wore able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand- loom ololh. Early iu the afternoon wo started out on our round of the oabinB, The first ono belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of ago, who had been a weaver ever sinoe her eighth year. I had heard that aha teak part in the revolution. " Oh, that was a terrible time," she said, hold ing ber finger ogafnut her noso In a ebaraoteria- tio German way. " We had ooly grass to eat then. I remember my mother loading me out many a night to out grass and dandelions for tbe ovoning soup. 1 wasn't iu tho revolution myself, but my lover was. He novor oame back And the poor old seal began footing Inround in tho threads of tholoom, "Oh, yes; it's much better now," she continued, " Wo have bread every day, and you oan't starve on that, can you P" We called next on Horr Pahl, ns he had asked us to take. bis cloture, We' found him waiting for us on bis doorstep, and as we entered the 'cabin he picked up a sore-eyed skeleton-locking baby, saying, "Gentlemen, this is my oloventh." Wo saw bat six ohildren, nnd asked where tho rest wore. " In the grave yard," he returned, and I fancied that I saw a look of thankfulness on his face. "I don't want obsrity," ho explained, "but I do think thry might give mo work. Iflhodonough to do I could feed my children on brrnd at least, hut now I can't eurn over thrco marks a weak. That's tho reason tho other children died. They weren't sick — no ono gets sirk here— thoy just got thinner nnd thinner and withered away." At all of tho other cnbius wo hoard practically the same story. Thu looms were always click ing, and tbo children were either spooling or pcoling potatoes. 