THE BORDERS OF ANOTHER WORLD. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "(.Sod and the Man," "Tho Shadow of the Sword," &c.; CHAPTER I. As the scaffold crashed under my feet, as the kndt crushed my throat, and a great sharj> agony blotted out the bubbling life within me, 1 heard a roaring as of a tumultuous ocean covering and submerging mo; the moment after" Having read thus far, Redbrook paused, somewhat pale; and, simultaneously, the bells of the neighbouring Church rang out in jubi lation—for it was Christmas morning. He looked up—listening. " Peace on earth, good, will to men!" rang out tlio bells. If he heard them at all, it was only as if in a dream; his thoughts were evidently far away. The light crept in through the window of the room, and shone full upon his powerful foaturos, with their eyeballs somewhat sunken in cavernous sockets. A hard, weatherbeaten face, yet with flying gleams of humour round tho edges of the lips. Handsome, too, and still young; though the hair and beard showed straggling gleams of grey. With an impatient gesture, he passed his hand over his eyes, and then, bending over the manuscript, read on. It was a rough scrawl, so wildly written as to bo exceedingly difficult to read; but, clearly, it posse-sed some unusual interest. As be read, he seemed to bo held in fascination. He read on to the end ; and then, turning back to the beginning, read on to the end again. . . . "Peace on earth, goodwill to inen 1" rang .the bolls. Tho. skeleton of a marmoRet, standing on the mantelpiece side by side with the skeleton of a human foetus preserved in spirits of wine, seemed .to bo gravely regarding itself in tho mirror. All round were shelves covered with ncittloa and phials used in a country doctor's disponsary. The room, indeed, was half disponsary—or surgery—and half study; for in one corner was a small, woll-filled bookcase. A bright fire burned iii the grate. Outside, the snow was thickly falling. Redbrook sat-at bis bureau, facing the window. From that position he could see the gloomy walls of Fordrnouth Prison, looming darkly through tho falling flakes. Nervously, almost impatiently, he threw the manuscript down, rose, and began pacing up and down the chamber. "It ,is_a strange business!" ho reflected. "What'is most strange of all is the man's transformation! His tale, such as it is, one may easily refer to diseased cerebration, caused by the horrible shock of that frightful experience; it is not so easy to understand the sudden' cessation of the devilish instinct within him. He raised the manuscript again, and read— " The moment after" "I'eaco on earth, good will to men!" rang out the bells. Glancing sidelong towards the window, ho saw a slight dark figure moving silently through the snow in the direction of the prison, and recognised the Rev. Charles Bhadwoll, tho prison chaplain, a pale, spare, clean-shaven man, more resembling a priest of tho Roman Church than an English clergy man. Quietly, swiftly, with head erect, Shadwell moved through the whiteness of the storm. " Confound tho fellow!" muttered Red brook. " He haunts the place like a ghost, with as keen a scent for human misery as a vulture lias for carrion! I wontlec what he has to say to this nightmare?" 'As he spoke the chaplain approached the prison gates, and vanished within them. "This will never do!" cried the doctor, looking at his watch. "I must bo off upon my rounds, and see if a little sunshine and fresh oxygen wjll put my nerves in ordor. I feel a3 superstitious as an old woman." So saying, he locked the manuscript in his bureau, and, walking out into the lobby, put on his great-coat, hat, and gloves, and opened the street door. As ho did so he found himself face to face with one of the warders from the prison, who saluted him in military fashion, and said— " You are wanted at once, doctor. . . . Something wrong again in the condemned ooll." 