FIOTlON ATHIRST IN THE DESERT. A TALE 01? Tlik MOJAVE. Tiiuv woro nnonmped on tho desert tweivo miles from Old Woman Springs, Robinson and Barlow, prospcotora ; tho former an Apollo, in his prltno, strong, sinowy, aud vigorous, full of tho firo nnd energy of youth ; tho latter an oluor man, wiry, scarrod, nuu worn uy ton- aotno years. With thorn was n boy, Martin Rogers, who romalned In camp while thoy woro prospecting and looked attor tholr out fit, keeping an especially watchful oyo on tho two mules whloh had hauled thorn to this lonely spot among tho dunos, nnd upon which, In certain conllngonolcs, their lives might dopoml. It was tlio tenth day of .Tuno, lHib. Thoy had a half-barral of wator, and tliorownn no mora within twolvo tedious miles to Old Woman Springs. Thoy woro debating whether thoy should rotrnco tholr steps or go forward and tako thoohancos of finding water. On thin dosort a tomporaluro of 1110 or 110 degroon Is not uncommon. -Thon a man ro- imiroii about two cations of wator a dnv. and un animal Hko a horso or a mule requires moro. Bo tholr supply was scanty for tho aizo of the party. 44 Yon know tlio country, 11 said Robinson. "I do not. It is for you to say. But I don't waut to go baok If thoro is a ghost of a chanco fo m ahead," Barlow hesitated a moniont, rcficotlng, and oommtlod a roughly outlined map. 44 Its four yonrs sinco I waa hero," ho said. "But— if I romombor right— wo found wator In a cauon hotwvou thoso hlllH ovor thovc." He pointed to 'the Indistinct outlines of somo low mountains In tho distance across a atrotoh of rolling dosort, abovo whloh tho heated air voso In (iuiok, suooossivo, wavo-llko vibrations. " If that's tlio canon I'm thinking of," Barlow resumed, 44 tho mine wo'ro looking for is about ilvo miles to tho north." 44 AH right," replied ltobinson. "Wo'll sloop until midnight. Then we'll, go ovor thoro. If wo find wator, wo'll como baok and movo tho camp." , Robinson nnd Barlow had often prospected together boforo. Thoy hnd boon successful, and owned jointly mincH whloh woro profitable. But this excursion was to mako thorn million aires. It waa tho old story of a lost mino of fabulous rlohnosa nooldontally discovered by a party who hnd been attacked by Indians. Tho Bale uurvivor of Ibis advouturo, wounded unto doath, had boon ablo to glvo somo account of tho location of tho -mino, nnd had drawn a orudo map whloh hnd doscondcd from ono to another until Barlow hnd secured It. At niiunigiu, mo ooy, wuo nau Kept waicu, arousod them from tholr rofrcshlng slumbors. Having filled their canteens from tho elondor storo of wator, thoy atartod. It wbb oool now, nnd tho half-moon, riding high In tho sky, mudn tho way sufilolohtly plnlu, Trnvolling wnB easy, anu by morning thoy had covorcd muoh of tlio distance, although tho canon was atlll far away. Thoy haltod tor broakast on tho contents of tholr knapsaok, then pushed on. Tho sun roso higher ami higher ; tho hot sands began to blister tholr foot, and thoy stopped often juat to moisten their lips from tho dlmlulshiug oontonts of tho onntoens. But tholr hearts woro Btroug and their courngo was aa yet uudaimlcd.v ; At noon the wator was gone from their onntoona, and thon thoy began to sulTcr. Tholr Hps woro eoon swollon nnd parched, aud thoy apoko only raroly nnd in mono- Byllabloa. Tho hot air bllBtorcd their ohcoks llko a blast from a fiirnnoo. Their skin, whloh hnd until now boon moist with oxccs slvo porfiplratlon, beoniiio dry nnd fovorlHh. Thoir oyos woro bloodshot; in faot, nil 'the blood in tholr bodies Hoomoilto havo mounted. to -thuir fuooa. They woro tortured with finlnu at the bnso of tho brain, now dull nnd toavy, uow pleroiug like knife-wounds. Tho glaring huh overhead Boomed nn angry, Bnnltont thing casting daggers Into thorn. Btlll thoy kept bravely un, although over slower aud moro wearily, for tho mouth of tho oanon was ooiuiug nearer. Its outUnoB woro moro distinct, nnd Barlow tried, to ohcor hlsoompanlou with occasional suggestions of tho wator ami safoty nhoad of them. Thoso romnrks had a- curious effect upou Robinson. Loss Inured to hardship than his companion, although muoh tho stronger of thn two, howaa thoioHHritoical. Tlielrm'arch early in tho day bad fiocmod llko tho onding of a loilsonio pilgrimage with a certainty of successnwnUUiff thorn. Ilohadnotqucatloncd, at first, the rxistonco of the wator or of the mino they woro Booking, But as the day woro on ho Bcumod to Iobo control of his will, and his mind wandered upon speculations which ho fought ngnlnst in vntn. Hunposo that thoy slionld fail to find water ? Tuolr oondltion would indeed bo pitiful. Suppose that Barlow woro mistaken V Aud, then, supposo' thai Barlow woro misleading him ? s , Robiuaon fought bard against tlio suggestion oi treaohory, but it would not go away. "Ho tried to toll himself that Barloxv could gain nothing by his doath, but he could not help thinking of tho other miucs which thoy already owned. If ho should dlo, Barlow would own them nhmo. Truo, their peril was oqual ; hut, on tho other hand, Barlow know tlio country ; Robinson did not know it. If bo bo desired, Barlow could load him wlthiu half a tnllo of water, leave hlin to poriBli, and wnvo hlmHclt. WnB tho story of tho lost mind onlya myth, a luro, a delusion, aud a enaro ? Robinson's belter self rovoltod at all of theso BUggosllonB, yet they bosicged him. Ilo told hlinsolf that his mind must bo wavering, that his friend oould not bo tnlso ; yot ovory timo that Barlow spoko of wator aud the oool shade of tlio canon awaiting them, Robinson started as though tho other bad struok hlra In llm fnno. It was night when, at laet, thoy reached tho canon nnd looked up at Its groy, forbidding Hides, and '(lung themselves upon the ground lu tho shndo of tho first proieotlng rook. They were glad to bo thoro, nnu thoy looked eagerly about for signs of wator. Thcro nro sand-storms on this dosort whloh sometimes hldo everything. Thoy pllo tho sand over railroad trains, in snob portions oh aro travorscd by railroads, and of ton delay trains for hours or-daye. Thoy drift over tho weary prospector and his paok-anlmals and oQoabloually bury them nUvo. Thoy fre quently hldo tho little springs so deeply that tho slender flow of water cannot reach tho surfaoo. lloro and thoro boforo thongonizod gaze of Robinson and Barlow was a cactus or a bunch of sngp-bush, butnosigu of tlio grcou verdure whloh would betoken walcr. 44 Wo must go on," said Barlow. 41 Iguoss tho wator Is farther up tho cauon." Robinson mado no reply, but staggered to his foot aud led the way. Barlow followed, oven moro foubly. Prosontly thoy camo upon tho bonoa nf a horso or .tnulo, half buried. And a fow yards further Robinson stumbled ngalnBt something jaui ooncoalod in tho &aud.; With on oath ho gavo it a klq>, and unearthed & human skuU. Throwing down- e imwpoBnaTyMrahnngsfrHrstii'dn-vgrrm his pack, ho dug In the sand with hands aud feet and unearthed other human bones, stripped of their flesh nnd scarred by the tooth of coyotos. Then thoy found somo fragments of olothlng, attached to ono of whloh was a pin, nn oinklcm of somo secret fraternal order, Iiobioton handed this to his companion with nn unpleasant leer upon his handsome face. "IgucBsthlsfellowfnilcd to find tho spring, " ho remarked. 44 Evidently ho did," said Barlow, trying hard to retain his composure, " but hundreds of men havo porished within a mile of water. We shall find it further on." So they kept along between tho walls of tho canon, whloh grow higher and the canon Rulf narrower and moro difiloult to traverso aB thoy proceeded.' Tho stars wcro out now and tho moon was again ovorhcad. Still no fiign of wator. Robinson's growing suspicions becamo almost a certainty. The idea of treachery kept dancing through h!a brain with horrlblo iteration. Ho found himself watch ing Barlow's ovory movement and computing, by his occasional stumblings and other signs of weariness, tholr comparatlvo strength. Ho wondered constantly whloh would hold out tho longer, and ho finally foil to questioning Barlow about tlio water, and tho mino, and tho map, and tholr chances of cscapo. Bar low's replies became moro nnd moro confused nnu ovnstve. a& tast no inrow itimseu upou tho ground. ' 44 Wo avo lost," ho moaned. 44 1 can go no. further. Thoro is no wntot there. Wo must havo como to tho wrong canon. I do not remember theso jutting cliffs. I was novor hero at night. But wo must stop. Let- us rost hero for a while." Thon tho repressed tumult la Robinson's mind broke forth, no stood over tho pro strate form of his companion and guldo, and sworn tho most tcrriblo oaths that his madness could BUggest. With maudlin inconsistency, ho lifted his hands towards tho stars and uttered a prayer, uot an appeal for succor, but a bitter cry for revenge. Then, with a midden frenzied impulse, ha turned upon Barlow and threatened to kill him. 44 You havo brought mo hereto dio,"hosaid — "you, whom I trusted as n guido and a friend. What right had you to run tho risk of being lost at suoh a timo? I will kiU you, and then I will go baok home.44 But tho figure before him was dumb, its fnco buried in tho sand, and its limbs lying limp and palsied, impotent to resist. Even tbe maddoncd brain of Robinson was touched by tlio pitiful speotaole. 44 1 ought to kill you, but I won't," ho re sumed, moro gently. " I'll leave you alone, nnu pcriiaps wo u uuvu i;ub uuuiu aucu wo can acttlo this. I beliovo you led mo 'hero to my death, but yon'vo been caught in your own trap. Do you hear that ?" Whistling down tho cauon from tho heights above, thoro camo a shrill, clear cry, then another and another, and then a chorus of yelping voices. 44 It's tho ooyotos," said Robinson. 44 Thoy have scouted us. Thoy will bo horb by and by, ami thoy will find you horo and I ubnlt bo revenged. Good-by. I am going away. Do you hoar mo? I'm going to leave you alono— nlono with tbo night, and tho desert, ami tho coyotos, and tho lost mino. I will you all my right, title, and interest in that," and Robinson laughed. Tho figure on tho saud stirred and thon roso slowly to a. sitting poBture. Tho fnco was binok, but perhaps tho dusky tiut was only tho shadow of the night' and not tho shadow of doath. 44 Go," ho whispered, "it Is right that you should dosort mo. Only tell uio first that you forgive mo. Before God, I moaut no harm. 1 thought .thoro was wator horo. I think so now- only— only' tbcro has been somo horrlblo maglo at work, and wo can't find It. But it ought to bo horo. Yon aro vounc and strong. You will not dio. I do not care— for myself. I am tired. I want to go to sleep. Go, it you like, but shake hands first." Thou tho two clasped hands, and tho youngor man Bald : 44 Y'ou nro right and I was wrong. I was crazy to spenlc as I did It Is for you to forgive. Now, listen. Restawhilo if you llko, but try not to go to slocp. If you do, you will never waken. As soon as you havo a littlo strcugth, get upon your feet and como down tho oanon. I am going back to onmp. It I got thcro alivo, I will send tho boy after you with ono of tho mules and wntcr. Then wo wiU go homo. Good-by again." . Robinson turned away, and, without onco looking back, began to rotraco thoso woary steps. In his path/a hundred yards from whoro ho started, a sidewinder-deadliest rep- tilo of tho dosort— swung before him, with its poouliar gliding,, aurviog motion. '.Robiuson kioked tho thing aside, regardless of its fangs. Further on a "rattle " of a different spccios crossed his path and colled itself with mouth alert and buzzing tail. Hugo, binok, hairy creatures skipped awkwardly away from him on either hauu ; but whether thoy woro taran tulas, thoir proportions magnified by tho moon light, or only figmonts of his imagination, ho did uot pause to consider. He was Indifferent, in tho fnoo of a greater dangor, to thoso repul sive, orenping things, tho ordinary, ovcry-dny foes of the prospector. Ofton ho stumbled and foil, but roBo again. Ho knew that there wns to ho a fight against timo nnd against tho rapid ahbing away of his life forces. His body was an hour-gluss now. 1(9 sands were tno latent springs ot vitality within him, nil tho reserve foroos, tho oom- hlncd resources of flesh,- blood, aud will spurrocLby dospnir. For one . moment, rally ing every atom of vitality, ho almost rejoiced in thu unequal contest against tho silent, do- struotlvo forces of nature. Tho breath of tho night was cool upon bis brow. Tho shadows of tbo moonlight- wcro weird and beautiful, and, as ho approached again tho mouth of tho ennon, ho lifted up his voico nnd snng, in an unnatural, thin, piping falsetto whioh frightened him : " Como, olt, como with me, tho tapster is wailing ; Como, oh, como with mo, tho bottle's rota ting. Como, oh, como with mo, cold wator is free ; And -wo will iudulgo in a cup of iced tea." Then he closed his Hps tightly over his teeth. Would' his strength hold out? Or would ho fnlt aftor a littlo aud ho unnblo to rise agalu? . ' ' . Ho did uot try to sing again, but after a littlo, to his groat surpriso and to his annoy anoo as well, dollcious music camo to his ears. Thcro were tlio soft, rippling notes of flutes, like tho flowing of water. Thon he heard tho shrill tromulo of violliis aud tho clour oall of bugles, with tho loud tonor aud tho mallow alto of horns. Thon thoy wore nil minglod''in a grand orchestral burst thnt swelled louder and louder and died softly away. Robinson - was pcrploxcd. Ho was out in tho open now ami trying to shape his couvhq by tho stars. That dolloiou3, throb bing muslo was confusing to his sonscs, and ho could- not divino Its sourco Assuredly thcro was-no living thing near him oxcept tho deadly and uncouth vermin of tho desert. Yet, what was thnt wonderful vision just before him? Ho sank upon his knees and gazed in rapture. Tho mnrblo court of a palaco, and in its mtdat a pool ot limpid waters, with broad Btops of. stone lending into them. Tho place' was roofless, hut its gleaming walls woro sup ported by stately columns elnborntoly sculptured. Tho moonlight throw abroad the shadows of these, and was rcfieotcd from tho shining trarfaco of tho wator, evidently a bathlng- placo for fairies, a fountain for nympliB. And uow theso catno into vlow, beautiful milk-Hke forma, with rnnndnwoliing breasts, and long, waving hair, and arms out- 1 stretched In invltntlou, dauouig to musio from some sourco un6ocu,tho swift notes of pipe, and reed, and twanging string. There were a score or more. Thoy descended into tho waters, and their whUo shoulders glonmed in tho moonlight as they stretched out their willowy, swinging arms and floated, with laagulugraco, upon the orystal tide. Through tho mouths of soulpturcd dragons streams of wator constantly replenished tho fountain; and their suggestive gurgle drovo Robinson frnntlo with desiro. He roso to his feet and ran. Thon tell ngaiu. Tho vision had dis appeared llko the phantoms of a dream. Thoro was nothing before him but that eternal waste, boundless and barren. Curees fell from Robinson's lips at this dis- ment for tbceo that a uow foo assailed biro. At any rato, from behind eaoh shrunken desert bush around bim thcro sprang armed men, who attaoked him and sought to do3poil him. Robinson ran in fear. Thcro wcro uot Indians, who might hy some chance, havo been oxpeeted there, but warriors of acothor race, huge, stalwart men armed with spears, shields, and holmots, Tho thing was ridlaulons to Robinson, though awful. Theso soldiers ' were like the pictures of tlio Greek and Roman warriors whioh ho had seen iu bissohool-books when a boy. Ho felt confident, although his strength was so fearfully diminished, that ho oould distance thoso unwieldy focmcu with their, antiquated . equipment, Ho laughed In their faces ns two or threo drew nearer than tho rest. Then ho flung off his eoat, which ho had worn until now, bared his alcoves, nod turned to faco them. They had-gone, had vanished as unexpectedly as they camo, and Robinson shriekod and laughed in delirious joy; On the morning ot .Juno 11, 189-, young Martin Rogers, in camp on thoMoj&voDceort;, twelve mUoB from Old Woman Springs, . had risen' at daybreak; mado . a littlo. saga-broth,; aud preparcd himself a onp.of coffco. Then wiiupuae rs a - a n aa m 7r VntT fiT? ' bo washed thoroughly tho mouths and nostrils ot (he two nmles, and gavo each a few swallows of wntcr. There was very littlo water loft, and Rogors, who was growing anxious, had nearly decided to return to Old Woman- Springs for more. Ho would await tho return of his companions only ono hour longor. . During that hour he constantly scanned the. dosort for n traoo of his friends, and at last saw a strange, almost unearthly figure in tho distance, a form that kept disappearing and thon coming into viow, distinctly soon through tho thin, dry, olear atmosphere. Now. it would como 'straight ahead ; now it would wander away in aimless cirolos ; and now, again it would drop out of sight. Rogers took a look at it through a glass, and mado out. that it was a tall man, naked except for iha shoos upon, his foot; who kopt falling to the: earth. Rogers snatched up a canteen, untcthercd one of tho mules, and, .springing upon its- back, hastened across the desert. In ten minutes ho had como up with tho apparition and was kneeling besido the prostrate Robinson, pouring botweon his black and swollen lips a few, drops of wator, carefully bathing bis faco, and, when, tbo rcluotant power of speech returned, listening to tho in coherent ravlogs of a mind which had lost all -booso of timo and placo, and its own idontity, and wandored in a tnaizo of horrlblo fancies. Tho words which onmo the nearest to having a definite meaning for Rogers wcro tho follow ing, which Robinson kept repeating in his " 'There iui't any chance fur him. 3heyre cunning little fellows, those coyotes, and their teeth t ire sharp, ' They're the hiyhwaymen of the desert." 