THE. END OF THE WOULD.. (To the Editor q/frfl.tandbrd,)) SSI,--For the present, I shall take no ontice of the intemperate language of True Chriatain ; he probably was nervous alter excessive indulgence. lHowever, had. he' signed bmi'nslf a Mtorar Chritian,. the case would hbivo been different.' As it is, he clearly shows no moral nature to appeal to, therefore, the heartlwould not respond to a nmorlt appenl Ib has long been a maxim with, me that when the sout is poisoned with Fo, and lPharisaic teachings, this re fracts the mora conceptions of the mind and impedes the moral action of the heart. This is the case with all Foxes and Phari sees,, even though proclhiming thenseli'es True Christians. Your correspondento says, the eight. names applied to God In the Biblb are oallbd! nicknames by me.. Very likely i 'said they were nothing elBe but .nic?names..: I held the Hebrew Biblh is rnistranslated, into Greekand both Greek and Hebrew. mistranelhted into English. Hv tellse s God: absolute has three names in Gaelio andl asks am they nicknames. These names are At?llar-ehee-ree,Ti (chee) "and Dia pronounced Gee-e.. As I iolil, and' am. prepared. to, prove the Hebrew lan. .guage is from the GaeIIo and the Greek from the G ?elio nod the Latin, itia impor tant this question should be more fully ex. plainedi since we have the teachings of Jehovah in Hebrew and the teachings of Jesus in Greek. It is- very important, therefore,, to the biblical' atudent,,to see these languages in the light.of the created original. Ash or sleeree-G- d absoltte.-proper name; Ti (chee). The common name. Dongla(ungla). God absolute reflected In Personal form. The absolute personality.. Ard-Lucd.--Shearthai--asupreme servants of God absolute, From Ti (cheo) comes Thoor of the Greeks, Deus of the Latins, Dies of the French and Din of the Highlanders and the Irish. Pia is thus only a developed term. I could find no trace of the Aondla in the Hebrew. I think the Logos of the Greeks is the nnalagos term in that lan guage. It is used in St. John' gospel. t God absolute and her Luchd Shearbhai- aspreme servants. 01 Jehovah and his Eloim--?upremo aervants. 3 The Father in' heaven and his Arch angels supreme servants,, are all anelagous. 'The Throne and dea, has three different form in our sacred writings.. Isaiah VII,,Jehovah sits on the throne. The gospel idea-the Father Son and Holy' Ghost saitr on the Throne. In my opinion the idea set forth in revelation is the true Throne idea. He that eittoth on the Throne. Obviously the Aongt. of the GOlicn and tile Logos of the Greek. This will explain the roa son why God absoluto was personified-in Jehovah oalo in the Hovenly Father. The Hebrows lost the Logos idea. Hence their personified or poetical divinities. When the Mesoiah does appear, it is most desir able we should have higher and more cor rect ideas on this subject than now exiots in the Christian Church. AoInalC. 