Selected Extracts. HUMOUR. Mlus R. was telling her Suuday-ichoal class ot small boys about the abut io society, whose members are. persons con fined with illassito their beds or rooms. 1 Whom, can wo think of,' said, she, 'that would have had great sympathy for those' ' that are so slut in ? ' 'I know,' said a little boy ; someone in the Bible, ain't it, teacher ?.' ' Yes ; and who, Johnnie ?' ' Jo nah,' was the spirited reply. London Tid Bits tells a story of a rail way porter, living in Lancashire, who was in the habit of frequently getting up in his sleep, and from whose actions it was evi dent that his daily occupation was evar present in his mind. One night h« jumped up hurriedly, ran down the kitchen, vigorously opened the oven door, and cried out, - Change here for Bolton, Bury and Manchester.' Mabel: Jack tbid me he had an awful hard time getting you to say you lovafl him. Dorothy: Yes. He fairly squeezediU out of me. ? '?-.. She Moved There 1— He : What was a man's knee made for? Why, in ease of need. Doctor: Well, I consider the medical profession badly treated. See how lorn monuments there are to famous doctors or surgeons. She : Oh, doctor ! Look at our cemetery ! Rontgen and1 Love— Mistress: Jane, why do you wish me to ipate you this afternoon '( Jane: To have my hand pho telgraffed, please, m'm. Mistress: Your hand! Whatever nonsense next ? Jane : It's all my young man's fault, m'm. He squeezes my hand so he won't believe he hurts me till I send him my bones. Park Policeman: You can't sleep hero 3 Tramp: Well, it ain't comfortable;, but' it's rough on me to be woke up because yo've found that out 1 His Last Word— Brown (who has de veloped a prettyquarrol with Smith): Sir, we shall meet 'again, but I— shall not be ' there ! Yawns.— The young man who had tra velled began: 'And there I stood, the.-''' abyss yawning at my feet — ' : Wan-l't yawning before you got there, or did It be gin after you arrived P ' asked tho young woman who had never been away. She' yawned herself as sho spoke, tie 'Uunblrff.l ' . as' it were, at once, and as soou as he could iiad his hat melted away into the yawning / night. Spiteful — Miss Jellus (to Miss Mature, who is handsome, but not ao youug as she used.jto be): 1 believe you paint your 'cheeks. Miss Mature: No, I don't; Nature paints them. Miss Jellus : Then I njutt '~ say. I wonder at Nature .choosing such a worn-out piece of canvas to work on ! ' : Schoolboys' Heroes First Boy : I tell you those' Australian cricketers are down ? right jolly chaps. Why! cine* of 'in let me carry his cricket bag air the. way from His station to the field. Second Boy: Ycr lucky 'beggar ! , Security —Solicitor (to a man who has been accused of stealing a watch): 1 have no objection tq (defending. you, my niau, buut I shall want some security, for my fen Accused: Well, yer can 'ave the bloomin' watch, it yer like. Always the Same — Mr Lofts: I don't be lieve there was a dry eye in the house when the curtain went down on the third act. Mrs Loffs: No; but there seemed to be the usual number of dry throats. ? Gratitude-~Magistrate (severely, to pri soner): Last time you were here' I let you off with a caution. Prisoiher (coolly): Yes, that's why I'm 'ere' agin; its sort of encouraged me. V A; .Matter' of Opinion — First^ Railway Passenger;: Trial by jury is a grand thin)?, sir , .Second' ditto ,. (growllngly-).1 Dun'no 'bout that ;it once gave me' saven year's. The Foolish One, —The Widow: Yes, poor John left, some' insurance. He: Enough to cover the' loss P , fFrom this time on I shall believe in ghosts.' 'Why, ao?' 'You know,, that widower who has been devoting . himself to me all. the evening? Well, his dead wife, appeared just now and took him home. . Discovered — 'I learned to thrum a bit at Havard, you know.' 'Ohj of course! Jack said you learned something or other there, and I couldn't imagine what it was.' Dinert(excitedly): Here, waiter, there's not a single oyster in this tureen of oyster soup. Waiter (politely): Yes, M'sicu ; but m'sieu must remember that he only ordered a half portion. The oysters are in the othor half. A clever Washington woman has hit upon a schome for finding out how long her husband kenpB the. letters she asko 'iim to mail in his pocket. She slips a nostal addressed to herself into the collcc ?ion ari'J after wining a remarkable length if1 time demurely asks her husband if (he 'mdti't better go out and post the letters ahe gave hi.ii, 