I FIELDS OF FAIRIENOWF -..-. ? BY JOSEPH HOCKING. Author. of 'A}1 Men Are Liars,' 'Ishmael Pengelly,' 'The Story of Andrew Fairfax,' &c.; I CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) I V/oadjriiig what it oould mean, -ha still I worked on, tout the further he dug the more I dimcult he found it; 'the loose stuff was con^ I stautly falling down, filling up the passage he I was trying to make. Still lie knew,' this I must be, and toiled on. His hands became I very sore, but he did not heed; his head ached I terribly, but he dared not cease his efforts. I It was a matter of life and death. . After I some minutes he decided to try and signal ? again. He scraped away the rubbish he had H been digging, and then with the head of his ? pick struck heavily against a large stone. H Before there was time for an answer to be H sriven, he eaw, to his great joy, that the rock' H fell away from him, -and heard a rattling H noise on the other side of the passage he was trying to make. 'Holloa!' ' ? There was a feeble response given, but Merlin, in his haste to push his way towards tlie spot from whence the sound came, struck j his candle against the roof of the cave, and lie was in utter darkness. Evidently the peo ple whom he came to save had been' lying in darkness. Still, he had matches and other, candles, and prepared to light them. Then he remembered he had left them beside the rusty tool of the old miners. 'Hold up!' he cried; 'I'll be with you in a minute;' then lie waited for a reply. No answer came, however. H? 'scrambled down 'the pile of rocks, 'and I began to grope around for the candles and j Tv.atdhes, but in his excitement failed to find tli em. 'What an idiot I am!' he cried. 'TDhey may be dying, and I am' foofing away the time like this!' Presently his hand touched something, and he picked it up. Feeling it, he discovered it to be an old shoe. This also the 'old men' had left, and in his excitement it seemed as though their spirits had come back to mock him. He threw^ the thing from him, and then after some weary seconds found what he desired. Lighting another candle, he climbed towards the hole again, and with fast-beating heart crept into ' the place from whence the response to his signals had come. ' .' . At first ho could see nothing, for his candle wont nearly out, and it was with great diffi culty that he breathed. After a little time, however, the flame became larger, and the air became better;. then he saw lying on the floor of the cave several prostrate forms. Like a madman he went f^pm --one to the other in search of her for whjmj he had been so anxious, but he did not see her; his heart 1 became like lead, for he felt sure {hat he. was too late. Death had been before., him, and was the ? victor.. CHAPTER III. For a few minutes Merlin Rosevear stood amidst the prostrate forms in despair; he knew why life had left the bodies of those who lay at his feet. It was as 'Siah Trus cot had said, there was no air. After breath ing a short time,, they had consumed all the oxygen, and, like the people in the Black Hole of Calcutta, they became fiuffocated; that was why he breathed with so much dif ficftlty, and why the candle burnt so dimly whence entered. The foul air had a diffi cultv &? escaping, and the purer atmosphere the sqjbie difficulty in entering. Had he reaches: them half an hour before, it might I have been different; but he had done his best He began to look around the cavern again. It wa^. only partly, filled with the- huge pile of rocks which had-^f alien from 'the backs.' It might be that £f -the trther end of the cave others might be- lying— she might be lying. With a shudder he picked his way' among the prostrate forms, until he came to a dark corner; then he gave a cry. for, with her head supported- toy a piece of rock, crouched the girl he had seen the Saturday before. Her face was strangely white, and her eyes were closed. Near her was the gentleman he recognised as her father. He, too, lay stiff and stark, while close by him was Cap tain Kent He took Miss Granville's hands in his; they were cold as death. Then he knelt down, and placed his ear over her heart He heard it beating! Yes, it beat, slowly and feebly, but life was not extinct. Perhaps— perhaps all might be. saved. The place was now filling with bet-. ter air, and he remembered that a man spoke to him not long before his candle went out In his excitement and disappointment at not peeing Miss Granville, he had forgotten, this; but it might be that this man, at least, could be restored. What could he do? It waa a strange situation, and he was al most incapable of thinking coherentlv. Still, a srreat joy filled his heart, in spite of the fact that he saw still, prostrate forms lying all around him. She was not dead! He placed liis ear over her heart again. Yes, it beat more strongly. She would live! He went back to the nole he had made, and felt the slight current of air that came through; then he looked around for the man that lay nearest the hole. He had no diffi culty in discovering which had signalled to Mm. Even now a pick lay in his hands. He took one of the miner's hands in his. Tes, he, too, was alivi;. He was'notitoo late, after all — at least, to save some. His plan now was to hurry out and tell what he had done and seen; then a party of miners would come to the rescue. Yes; that must be his method of procedure. His eyes turned towards the *nd of the cave where Miss Granville iay. Vo, he could not leave her; he could not Sb,e might die if left there; besides, suppose she came to consciousness, and found nothing but darkness and the still forms of the entombed miners! No; he could not leave her in such a way. The men did not matter so much; they would not mind so mnch. Besides he could leave one of his candles burning, and they would know what to do. But lie dared not leave her. He tried to discover if her father was alive, but could not. be sure; he was too distracted to judge correctly. Besides, the forms of the miners lying around him presented acghagtly spectacle, and he felt like crying out in fear. Hie overstrained nerves were giving way. He was not far from madness! Scarcely knowing what he was doing, but possessed by a great longing to save Miss Granvilie, he took her in his arms and carried her towards the hole through whieh he bad come, and then with' great difficulty lifted her through it When he was alone with her in the next cave a great joy surged through Ms heart. He possessed this beautiful girl! '?- He longed to kiss her cold lips and call her enr 'tearing names; but something, he could hot tell what, forbad h?m doing so. Perhaps her very unconsciousness was a sentinel which guarded her? V . : ' His head throbbed wildly, and his limbs trembled beneath him, but, as if impelled by an overmastering force, he prepared to carry * her through the gloomy level out Into the: light. She lay perfectly passive in his arms. She might 'have been dead for all the .move ment she made. So still was she that Mer lin, in fear, put his ear 'to her heart again, but life was not extinct The heart was still beating— feebly, it is true, but the young man knew she was alive. He took his coat from his back, tore it into strips, and with the 'strips made a 'kind «f rope, which he fastened around his shoulders. Then he took -the young girl in his nrms, after which he fastened the rope around her body in such a way as to keep her weight from falling so mucli on his arms, After this he staggered slowly down the' level, bearing the j burden for which he felt he would have died, j It was a strange experience. His footsteps echoed along the level, while the candle on the top of his hat cast a flickering -light all around, eo that shadows seemed to come out of the darkness as if to mock nim. But he grew bolder at each step. He was Hearing the light, and surely— surely he was saving the young girl for whom he had conceived such an ardent love! When he had seen her in the cave near the forms of the miners, and thought 'her deadf_ it seemed as though life bad lost its meaning. He never realised till then how he loved -her; and now as he car ried her on to the light his strength seemed to increase, for great hopes surged within his breast. Presently he came to the spot where he had placed a candle, and where the level had changed its course. Here, too, a pile of stuff had fallen, and the passage was narrow. He slipped the rope from hisback, and laid his precious burden carefully on the ground. He watched her face as he did eo,' and 'he saw her eyelids quiver. She was coming back to , life. , For the first time he realised. his own per-, sonal appearance. His clothes were badly torn, his jacket had been torn into strips, so that he might the more easily carrjj, her. He felt the blood and the sweat trickle down his face, while his handkerchief was tied across his forehead to cover the wound that had been made' there. He was almost afraid for her to be restored to consciousness just then; the sight of him might frighten her. Still, better that she should open her eyes to the living than to the dead. He began to chafe her hands. 'You are getiing better,' he said. She opened her eyes, and looked around her like one in a dream. 'You are getting better,' he repeated. 'Where am I?' She said this like those who talk in their sleep. She was only hah! conscious of her 'existence. 'You met with an accident.' he said. 'Don't you remember? You went under ground with your father and Captain Kent, and the ground fell, while you escaped to the open place at the end of the level.' She 'shuddered. 'I remember,' she said. 'Where's mv father?' 'I hope he is all right,' replied Merlin, 'but I am trying to get you to the open air.' 'But how did you get to us? Captain Kent said there oould be no chance of being res cued for days, and then we had a difficulty in breathing, and then ? ' She shuddered again. 'I heard of this level— heard that it led up close to the place where the ground fell in. That was how ? But I can tell you ano ther time.' 'But who are you? There is blood on your face. You are 'wounded.' 'That is nothing. My name is Merlin Rose vear. I passed you last Saturday evening. Don't you remember? It was not far from Creekavose Gate.' » 'Yes, I remember. But— but the cave in which we were entombed was blocked in on every hand. How did you get to me?' 1 . 'Oh, that was easy. I had a pick, and dug towards you.: 'You see, ? I know the mine, and no one but myself knew about this level but old Abraham Richards.' 'And how far is my father and the others away from here?' she asked anxiaisly. 'About a hundred fathoms.' ^^ ? _ 'And how came I here?' 'I — I carried yon,' he said. She looked at him in a way which he could not understand, and was silent 'I will remove these stones,' he said, 'and then we shall bs able to get through this hole; after that we shall soon get to the open air.' She did not speak, and Merlin made the pas sage through which he had come some time before sufficiently large for her to get through with comparative ease. ? 'I think you can get through now,' he said. 'But my father?' she said anxiously. 'Pure air is now entering the place where they are lying,' he said. 'I think they may Jbave recovered by this.' 'But you will send help?' 'As soon as ever you are out' 'Not before?' 'Not unless I leave you here alone. I have no one to send. I came alone.' Again she shuddered as if in fear. 'Let us get out quickly,' she said. 'I will go first,' he said. 'You can take my hand, and I will help you through.' She grasped his hand eagerly, and in a few minutes later they were in the level which ran in a nearly straight- line to the open val ley. 'There is not room for two of ns to waft abreast'' he said. 'I will go first and yoii can follow me.' 'Let me hold fast to your hand,' she said, timidly. He held out his hand, and then staggered along the leveL . ' 'How far is it to the end?' she asked. 'About a hundred fathoms,' he said, 'And how long will it .take us to reach there?' she asked. \ » 'I do not know,' he said. 'I— I am afraid I can do no more for you. I— I a-hint- I am ill.' He stumbled heavily forward as he spoke, and in a moment more fell to the ground, his head being supported by the side of the level against which he lay. 'Go straight on, and yon will find your way ? out,' he said faintly. 'Then go to the en gine-shaft and teUWtell ? ' He said no more, for be became unpoaj ecious. His overstrained nature at last gay§, way, and he was no longer able to do what he had ventured so much to accomplish. For a time the young girl seemed to6 stun ned tojknow :what to do.. Then she remem bered that her only means of helping 'him and caving her father was to find her way to the valley, as he had suggested. It was terrible to leave him alone in the darkness, and yet it was the only thing she could do. She clasped his hands, 'but they lay perfect ly limp. She took the candle from his hard ?»nat-cap,' and tried to examine the wound on bis forehead, but ehe soon realised that ehe could do no good in this way. . It seemed an ungracious thing to leave him ftere, but it might be long before he recovered, arid there was no other ineans of helping Mm; sHg shud dered at the thought of findang-her 'way along the level alone, but it wa§ £be tray, not Qnly to her own safety, put to Qiafof others;:. ' From his walseoat hung another candle, the last be had. It was twisted andfbroken, but ehe took it from him, and in spite of her past terrible experiences lit it with a fairly steady hand.' Then holding the light in her hand, and with a strange yearning look towards Merlin, she groped along the level. At last her heart gave a great leap, for away in front of her was light— the light of day. It wafe only a faint streaky but it was different from the yellow light of the candle. With a cry of joy she hastened forward, and yet the cry she gave was half a sob, for her heart was sore at the thought of leaving her rescuer alone in the silence of the dark tun nel.* Still it was her only means of saving him. She could not help him by- staying at his side, At least, so she thought With many a fear, and with fast-beating heart, she struggled towards the light, and a few minutes later ehe crept out of the dark level into the light ' | It was now evening, and the biightness of day was fast departing, but to her, after inore than five hours of dense darkness, it was glaring. At first she looked around her, not realising where ehe was. The thought of her past experiences and her safety, seemed to daze her. She felt faint and dizzy, jtgo, but by a supreme effort of ihe will she il&stered; herself. Then she bathed her forehead- m the stream which ran close to where she «tood, and after drinking of the cold water she felt better. No sooner, however, did her own strength begin to return to her, than she - re alised the peril of those ehe -had left, -and re membering Merlin's worda, she harried to wards the engine shaft. As I said, the shades of evening were now gathering, and she had a difficulty in finding her way to the spot, where a group of people still remained, waiting for news from those who had gone underground. It was a sorrowful gathering which stood by the engine house, and not one of the sad eyed watchers spoke aloud. They seemed afraid. In subdued tones they talked one to another, shaking then- heads when they spoke of the mission upon which a dozen miners had gone. 'There ca'ant be no chance,' said one. 'No,' 'Siah TraecottJdo zay it'll taake days to git, to 'em. Poor Betty Martin! an' it'll be. a wisht Sunday for she when it do come. Two of her booys and her ould man tooked away in a minnit. Aw, tes terrible 'arcL' 'Iss,' replied another; 'we must all pray for her. The . Loard is the Father of the fatherless, and the 'usband of the widda.' 'And ed'nt et terrible too that Squire Gran ville and the young laady ehud 'a' gone down at sich a time. They cudden 'a' bin down mor'e'n a nour or so, afore they was both killed.' 'Ies, and she did seem so peart and plea sant too. Look, who's that comin' runnin'?' 'Tes a maid -of some sort ? Who can it be?' ; 'Dunnaw, I'm sure; but she's eomin' this way.' 'Aw, dear! but 'twill be awful wisht to be 'bout here at nights now. Their spirits may take to hauntin' the plaace.' 'Look, thickey maid es comin' 'ere. Why, tes like that Miss Granville.' 'So tes— why tes she!' 'But it caan't be she— why she's— law! it caan't be her spirit, can it?' For a minute they were all held by one be lief that the visitor was not human, and a great fear crept into their hearts. 'Tes she, tes she. Look, she've got the same clothes, only she ain't a got no 'at, and her hair es streamin' down her back. She's come back for some purpose, prap's to tell us something like Betsy Knight's booy coined id hes mawther when he was drowned. Aw, 'ere's 'Siah Truscott 'Siah, you're a prayer laider— fipajk to 'er, my dear, spaik to her proper, my dear. She wa'ant hurt a prayer laider, and a man ov the Loard.' The young girl came up slowly, for her strength was now nearly gone. She was pale to the lips, and her eyes were shining with an unnatural light. She came close to the excited group, and then stopped. ''Help!' she said. 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, who be you?' said Siah Truscott, solemnly. 'Help!' she repeated. 'But who be you?' repeated the miner with trembling voice. * 'I am Helen Granville,' she replied. 'Come and help.' 'Dpan't be lured away with a sperrit,' eaid an old woman who stood by. (To be continued.) 