HOME OF THE LITTLE SISTERS. ? ? + ? I Visit of the Cardinal- Archbishop. I On Friday afternoon a very touching1 ceremony took I place at the Home of the Little Si stern of tho Poor at I Bandwick. His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop I paid a visit thore to adminiHter the Sacrament of I Confirmation to one of the old women who, to all I appearances, had not very long1 to live. Tho Sisters had I drawn on their resources to do honour to the occasion. I Tho entrance to their liouso had been tastefully adorned I ?with hangings of scarlet, rclioved by wreaths of ivy, and I the doors of their ohapol had been similarly orna I merited, strips of carpet were laid down in the central I passage, and in tho chapel and on tho verandahs. His I Eminoneo, accompanied by tho Very Kev. Dr. O'Haran, HlTlVGCl auuuii a (|iitu.LUJ. 1,0 luur o uiuciv. uuniuuri the mombors of the religious community there wore waiting to rcceivo him — the Very Eov. Dr. ,1. Gonnocchi, M.S.H., tho 'Very Kov. Fathor Troand, M.S.H., the :ilov. Fatliors Mcrg and Donzo, M.S.H., and tho llov. Drs. J. Vn.n«li'l and C. Lynch, M.S. II. Among tho members of tho laity present woio the following : — MosdamosLitrldn (who at the confirmation actod as godmother), Callaghan, Watlmis, Wall, AV'alMli, Moore, Hoaton, Hogan, and Collins ; Misses Ividd, Walsh, and Ollill'o ; Dr. Dick ; Messrs. Larkin, Wat-kins, Halpin, and J. F. Porrin (representing Tnio Catholic Pkksm), Tho old women wore seated in a row in tho front verandah, whero His Emincnoo, as he passed, addressed a iow kind words of greeting to them. .In tho back verandah tho old men were similarly placod. Tho Cardinal, attended by tho 'Very Eov. and Rov. .Fathers named by us, and followed by tho Sisters and thoir lay visitors, passed through the central passage of tlio building and ontorod tho chapel by tho door from tho adjoining verandah. Hero His Endnonoo was vested with tho copo, and then j-roooodod i,0 tho old womon's dormitory in tho western wing. On a bod in tho centre of a space near iho door, from which tho other bods had boon romovud, lay, propped up with pillows, tho old woman so highly favoured, wan and faint, and in her eyos tho wistful look of tlio d}iug, but evidently passing away in poawo. All tho surroundings woro of spotless whitenoss. On a table oovorod with a cloth, near tho bod, stood a crucifix, two lightod candles, and Homo vases of flowers. Tho foono was most inipros sivo ; tho rites of tho Church are always solemn. No where, too, except in tlio Catholic I hurch, oould such a sight bo witnessed — that of a man of priucoly rank, tho representative of a sovereign power, ministering to ono who, but for the helping hand of charity, must bo shelterless and forsaken. When the sacrament had boon administered 1 1 is Eniiuoneo spoko a fow kind words to tho aged invalid. Ho had been vory happy, ho said, to como and givo her confirmation before she died. Ho hopod tho gil'ts of tho Holy Ghost would remain with hor and proparo her for Paradise. Ho bado hor pray thoro for tho Sisters and all her friends, and not to forget himsolf. His Eminence then roturnod to tho ohapol, whore ho olHoiatod at tho .Benediction of tho Most Blessed Sivora mont. Tho altar had lioeu very prettily adorned for tho ceremony. Tho .tlowors woro St. Joseph's lilies— artificial, but boautifully made. Of thos« thoro was a profusion mingled with tho lights, both rising above tho rerodos to tho foot of u statue of tho Sacred Heart standing in a nioho above. Tho Bonediotion hymns Vero vory devoutly and swootly sung by tho Sisters — unaccompanied. On tho conclusion of tho ceremony tho Cardinal ad dressed tho inmates. Ho said it had given him groat ploasuro to come among them and bring tlio blessings of tho Holy Ghost; to one of thoir company, who probably, in a short time, would go to Hoav( n to on joy a full moasure of tlioso gifts. It gnvo him peculiar ploasuro to como thoro at tho time of I he groat foast, when Holy Church invites hor children to ooninunnorato tho love of Our Blessed Saviour niani fosted in tho Holy Saorainout of tho altar. Our Divino Saviour, as tho good shepherd gaUiors closo to him tbo shoop that tiro most picturing lo him, dosirod to gather His children around Him that He might impart His blessing to them. Ho laid down His life for us, and the love which He had brought for each of us was treasured up in the Sacrament of the Altar. Wo would all wish to have been present at Jerusalem, and to have prayed to our Divine Lord for the gifts that would one day bring us to dwell among the angels and saints before the throne of God. There was none who would not long to kneel at the Saviour's feet. But Holy Church spanned 2,000 years, and presented us with the same blessings as if we knelt in our Saviour's presence and heard the words from His sacred lips. Here, in the ?Sacrament of the Altar, wo came before Him as if we had been with the disciples in Galilee. Many of those present wore old, and were preparing to go soon to Heaven, in this religious Home they were preparing themselves to entor the vestibules of paradise. No ono knew how long he had to live. They should all mako Heaven tho term of their pilgrimage. They were admitted hero to tho communion of the angels and saints. They lived in the shadow of tho sanctuary. In tho BloHsod Sacrament was treasured up every blessing. They knew we were only pilgrims, and had not hero our rosting-plaoo. They should thank God for the grace Ho had bestowed upon them of coming into this place, this shelter of Holy Church, whero they were under the care of the Bisters, who, like angels of mercy, ministered to them. Not only had they bore tho necessaries of life, but tho blessings of religion. This was a great blessing in a country whero so many wore without tho opportunities of practising thoir religion, or receiving instruction. Hero thoy had blessings spiritual as well as temporal, which thoy owed to tho angels of mercy who had brought thorn to this homo. The Sacred Heart was the founda tion of all hope, tho anchor of salvation, the fountain of all blessings. Thoy should all resolvo to be saints, and not bo satisfied with meroly doing what was necessary. Thoy should take as thoir portion the Gospel of the Shepherd of our souls. Tho smilo of the world did not augur tho blessing of Heaven. On those who were most worthless woalth was often lavished. Let them recoivo tlio blessing of tho Sacraments, and each one of them bo ready to go to Heaven. Let them resolve to havo a rich store of merits. The saints made progress by doing their duty overy day. Lot thorn resolve every morning to do all for tho glory of God. Let them re solvo to havo a. high place in paradise, and not bo satis fied with meroly entoring tho portals of tho kingdom. Thoy should not bo oontont only to sanctify themselves, but try to sanctify others til no. Thoy must pray for others — for Australia, and for Sydney. There was need of a blessing. Thore woro ignorance and deadness. Thoro was need to overcome spiritual onomios who woro plotting against tho truth. Thoro was nood of charity to conquer tho sinful heart of malico. Lot them pray for charity that I hoy might love another. His Enrinonoo concluded a vory forvont and affecting ad- - dross by invoicing for all tlio gift of Divino charity. Af forwards the Cardinal and tho visitors were invited by tho Sisters to partako, in ono of tho rooms of tho community, of afternoon tea. Tlio old men and women woro assembled, meantime, to onjoy a. galamoal in their ro.spootivo dining-rooms. Here they were visited, each in turn, by tho Cardinal. His Eminence entered, attended by Dr. O'Haran, who bore a largo tray filled with packagos of 'lollies.' To oach old woman first, and then to oaoh old man did His Emiueuoe, with his own hands, distribute tlio dainties, going round the tables and giving with his sweotmeats ploasant words. That tho gifts were highly appreciated was proved by tho eagerness of one of tho men, who acts as driver for tho community, and who, being late on account of his absence at tho smithy with his horso, on his return ran after His Eminence to tho gate and claimed his share. On entering and leaving the old men's quarters the Cardinal was loudly applauded by tho inmates. For his part, His Eminence weomed most pleased in the performance of his humble task ; indood, he seemed to wish for inoro of it, for, on concluding, he inquired of tho Sisters when they would be able to accommodate a couple of hundred. Thoir answer proved thoir anxiety to bo in a position to do so. His Eminence enjoined on them the duty of reminding St. Joseph continually of thoir need. And, in fact, before tho statue of the Saint iu thoir chapel, a lamp is kept buruiug. The afternoon, we may add, was bright and sunny, and the institution was seen to the utmost advantage. Also, by way of postscript, we have to record that the one cow was in evidence at a little distance from the house. A comely animal she seemed, but solitary and sadly needing a companion. Even a good milker, too, has her limits. Who, then, is going to send the other cow, and when ? That is the question. 