A. RAILAYATBRAeEDY "I don't know much abut firearms. so I would like you topickl me out what you consider a goodweapon.", The-salesman .ran his eye along the rows of revolvers.. "This Is.one I can recommend," he said. Its barrel glinted blue. its stock as pricked out in nickel, andits him ier filled with a glittering cylinder like the nose of a ferret in a rat-hole. . 'Ah, .yes, that looks all right. Is it Sloaded? Np; Kindly explain to me bow the trick Is done.".' After he: had seen the cartridges shoved into the chambers and had paid the price, Arthur. Brackenbridge slip ,ped the weapon: nto his breast pocket, made his way along the Strand,, and, turning sharply down Villlers street, en tered the underground station. "Earl's Court, first return," he said at the pigeon-hole, but he hastily corrected .himself. "No?, not. return; single I Imean. .Earl's Court, first single.". SHe pocketed the ticket, grinning rue fully as he- said to himself, 'The return 'will be a free Journey this time, I Ima gine." Half-way down the dirty stairs that lead to the platform ;e' suddenly paused; ."What in the world possessed meto take a first? Third would have done roe Quite'as well. What an ass I am to day. Ah, well, I have lived in this world first-class, and may as well go out of it flrst-class." SA few waiting passengers sauntered up :nnd down the platform, smoke hung in fantastic blue whiffs, writhing and twisting and swirling lazily towards Jhe roof, and the gas burned yellow in the great glass globes that hung above the footway. The ticket inspector- at the foot of the stairs, his punch dang ling to his fingers, carried on a flirta tion with a buxom wench of .erving maid class. "Besides, it will look betied on the eveinng paper bill. 'Suicide In a Third class Underground' seems cheap. Few persons of class enter the underground, and none travels third. Substitute first for third, and . well - It should make a rather taking bill, you know." At this point in his soliloquy Arthur Brackeibridge became aware of a cu rious" growling rumble that .rapidly grew into a roar,.and as it in fear .of this ominous sound the black tunnel Sbegan to vomit smoke that gushed out in a dense cloud-bank. At- last two yellow eyes trembled and blinked in the darkness, and the next instant a Stichmond train came wneezing, rock Ing, screeching, and grinding out of the blackness, and stopped with a jerk at the platform Brackenbrldge ran nimb ly along the carriages and jumped into the first empty compartment. Placing his llat in the rack, he let down the window and stuck his head far out, as though looking for a friend - a trick much resorted to by lovers and school boys who. wish a compartment in themselves. On this occasion, however, the stratagem was unavailing. At the 'moment the train was about to move on a brawny man rushed past the ticket Inspector, and, grasping the handle of the door, gave it such a lightning-like twist and pull that had Brackenbridge not drawn in his head with rapidity he must have found himself at full length on the platform. Without one word of apology the stranger shut the door with a bang, and flung himself into a corner, never once glancing at the young man, who stood in the middle of the compartment looking the anger he felt. To Arthur Brackenbridge's way of Sthinking, the entrance ot this stranger was abrupt to an uncalled-for degree,' and the thought of hownarrowly he had escaped being flung out of the carriage determined him to remonstrate. So.he opened by saying in his decided man ner, emphasised by the-anger that was 2 in him: "My seat, sir." t ' -The stranger glanced up ; his eyes were bloodshot, and his features set and hard. e g.ald nnthing, however, and 'sat tight, . ! .. . 1 'r seal, sir." ' ; This time the strafiger did not even condescend so much as a glance. "For the first time I tell you that you are in my seat If you doubt me, my I lhat on the rack above will prove what I say." a , .WTthut a word the fellow flung him self into the opposite corner. "Gad, he's a cool customer," Arthur d muttered as he took the seat vacated by the stranger. r The man sat, or rather lay along the s cushion, his two hands deep into his trousers' pockets and his eyes fixed on his foot as it rose and fell to the rocking of the carriage. He was a man past middle life, fairly well dressed, and stur dily built. f " I'll startle this cold-blooded fellow before I'm through with him," Arthur Iracenbridge thought. Leaning for ward he addressed the sullen man: "I would like you to change compart ments at the next station." The man stared angrily at the speaker. "And I shall do nothing of the kind," he replied, decisively. - "I advise you, sir, for your own com fort, to change." "I look after my comfort without as sistance from others. I shall not 'change." " As you please," Brackenbridge re plied, in a careless tone. I The train crunched, and ground, and shuddered, and came to a standstill at Westminster Bridge. Arthur Bracken bridge spoke; . . "Allow me, str, to advise you again to .change carriages. It .will not put you to much trouble and may save you a lot. I speak in all good faith." - The heavy man ran his eye over the other, and there was unspeakable scorn In the glance. Then he again 'turned his attention to the dancing boot. When the train disappeared into the tunnel Arthur Brackenbridge sat up. "As you have seen fit to disregard my advice, given, as I before said, In all good faith, I can only hope, sir, that you do not object to me committing suicide. I Intend to blow my brains out before we reach St James's Park station." The surly man leapt wildly to his feet. THe threw open the carriage door and the roar of the tunnel drowned Bracken bridge's cry to "stay." Steam and smoke in a purple cloud, and sulphur smells :belched In and filled the compartment. 'The younger man had grasped hold ot the other's arm.' At last the' door was shut, and the two stood facing each other. Brackenbridge grinned. * -: "I gave you fair warning. It'crossed my mind that you might prefer 0to be eleswhere--" . -"What do you mean? You are not going to kill yourself?" "Ah, but I am." ' "Good heavens, man, you're'erazy!" "You speak like a coroner's jury, sir.' -As a matter of truth and of fact I am not .crazy, but I'm terribly sane, which, as far as I can make out, amounts to pretty much the same thing in this world. It Is only the insane that would try to live after the events of this awful day. I'm too sane to attempt to do so." The elder glowered Into the eyes of 'the younger. He was much the taller of the two and had to stoop low. ab'Whom have you done for?" he asked abruptly. 'What do you mean?" The young man felt a trfle uneasy under the other's bloodshot eyes. W'hom have you made away with? SWhat did he do to you to make you do the deed?" The fellow stepped hurriedly back Into the corner, and looked about him as though he feared he had been overheard. Arthur Brackenbridge blurted out: '"What the deuce do you mean, sir. 'Done for?' 'Made away with ?' What nn Idea! You're crazy now, instead of me. It is I have been murdered, foully .and brutally murdered. Yes, sir, twice this day. But here we are at St. James's and the little affair not done. I trust to your honor not to say a word to the (187T guard, for as sure as he comes for me I shall fire, aid in ny hurry m'a make a mess of it, you know. Now, out you get, that's a good fellow, and God bless you; sir. For some reason:quite unexplafin able I wish to be alone When, when --well; good-bye. : The surly man stepped out, walked .a dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a second or two, and then hurriedly retrac r ed his steps, entered the compartment and shut the door'after him. "No, may I be hanged if I leave you"' Brackenbridge sat.wearily back in the cushions. The stranger stood looking down upon him. t Postpone the 'deed for just one station more . I want to 'speak with you. May I?" q 1 Brackenbridge nodded an enforced ajfllrmation, and the heavy man seating himself; a silence followed. At length the stranger said: : "There is but one crime In:the long calendar the devil has prepared for us that warrants a niman taking.his life.' "Yes?' What is" that, crlme, may I ask?" "Murder." . "?My dear sir," said Brdckenbrldge sit ting up, and speaking, with animation, "My dear sir, a murderer has no need to kill hiself.".... . ' "You mean Society will 'do the,Job for him?" "Not at all; I mean quite a different thing. A murdere? dies the instant his victim dies." "O! indeed, I did not know that." "It is so, nevertheless. A? murderer may wall about, and be to all outward appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, he is as dead as Pharaoh. His hold on the world is relaxed. His self respect Is dead; his manliness is dead, his liberty 'is dead; his ease of mind has been slain by the self-same blow that slew his victim ;.everything that constitutes life is slain,, and lies dead within him, a rubbish heap with his heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath it all. Breathing, working, walking, talking, seeing-all such things are but the incidents of life. A.life of falsehood and subterfuge, of wildly flee ing from a consequence, is death in Its most awful form.'" Brackenbridge spoke rapidly and with bitter vehemence. "I tell you,' he, continued, "murder. changes a man from a living,being to a craven coward, a coward who fears to live, and fears to die." _The heavy man sat in silence for some moments. . . "It seems to me," he said at length, "that one who contemplates suicide is a still more deplorable creature than. a murderer." 'I don't see matters in that' light at all." "Well, I think.you will agree that one who hals committed: murder may, at least, be presumed to have been brave at the moment of the deed." 'I suppose there is something uncanny about taking.human life that demands valor of one kind or another," assented Brackenbridge, "But with suicide it is altogether dif ferent."- continued the stranger. "The actuating impulse is cowardice, pure and simple,.a-eak determination to es cape -threatened pains of body or of mind. But I maintain that to delibe rately, with premeditation, slaya fellow man calls forth one glorious outburst of manhood, one period of physical trl umph, oe mental exultation, ineffable, supreme; a moment when a man's feet are on the spheres, when his head is ablaze I he sun, his soul is a great licking, ling crimson flame, and his arms arc eached down through endless space to e spinning world, and his fin gers cre among the crowd to clutch his shr Ing victim, clutch him, and roll hl the palms, crush his hones, squeesa , crunch him, and roll him again again, and work him gradu ally,. tingly, towards the finger-tips to har ifm, a Dulpy mass, into space and- tlng blackness. _ Ah! I call thata Ilme moment, when the" crlm son fl d~f soul-fire leaps through:the smok i?s of a smouldering life to the v !y!t The g ger had started to his feet, his ey? h at and full of fire, his hands clinchesu a ove his head.. Whirling "guny? dfaosng Arthur Brackenbridge he ced : "W} vould you kill yourself ?" "I lra e lost my fortune, and-" "What is that? You talk of cowards! I thought you . valiant,. you thought yourfelf so! Bah! why waste good pow der' and ball: You fear to live because, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite: so pleasant as formerly. Sor did coward " "It's not altogether a matter of money," faltered the young man. The stranger'kept his eyes fixed upon him. "There's a warrant-" "Then you are a criminal?" "No, I am not." "Why the warrant?" "My partner has landed us. both in fraudulent bankruptcy-" "Areyou innocent?" "Absolutely." "And you fear?" "Well, there is as much shame as fear "You are vain hs well as a cowaid." "To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience; at least, so I' gather from the newspapers." The heavy man sat down again and gazed atBrackenbridge contemptuously. "Young man,what a'craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice is' so gFeat that you are'willing to stamp yourself guilty by self-murder rather than face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should have. thought you would have implored some one to come with you while you took the leap in the dark.Why were you given youth, strength, health, good strong arms and sound heart if they were not intended to overcome ob stacles ? Think! would it not be greater far.$o step out before the world and say 'Hiere afn I an honest man; where are my accusers?' rather than to lie on the. floor of a railway carrlagewith a w'reath' of powder-smokefor a crown?" "Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day theie has been a focussing of all that Is unfortunate for me. My whole for tune is gone, the fact that it has been lost causes the police to 'want' me, and the fact that the police 'want' me has lost me-well-" ' "Opt with it! Lost you w'hat?" Arthur Brackenbridge did hot inteind I to say more, but the stranger's com manding gaze and imperative question left him powerless to resist. At every station, he prayed that some one would enter the compartment, but the Under groubdis a contrary line. No one dins turbid'them. " "What else have you' lost?" demanded :the heavy man?"'' "W'ell, to 'out with it' as iou ask-the girl to whom I am engaged-or was." The stranger threw back his head and burst into a flood of laughter wherein there was no ghost of a trace of mirth; Brackenbridge felt indignanit at the sar castic levity of his new found com batant, but said'niothing. "Girl," the heary man shouted. 'Fine girl, indeed, that will break'her promise because you've lost a' pound. She gave you her word and now tells you to your face that she will not keep It." "She has not. I tell you she-she---'" "But you have just this minute said ehe told you to go about your busi "I said nothing of the sort" "Thdn how know you that you have lost her?" Bmrackenbridge was silent. "Let us be honest one to the other. An swer me: How knew you?" "Her guardian, her aunt. told me." "My young friend, take the advice.of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman--never. Give me that revolver you have in your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now we are coming to Earl's Court Station. Get out; he a man; walk up to the first pollcemarn you meet-- or, bet ter still, hall a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector: 'I hear there is a war rant out for me. I have come to give myself up, if you want me.' " "By George!, I don't like to do it, you know, I swear I don't ; but I suppose your advice is good. I must say I do not fancy passing through the machin ery of justice-the stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway: as well. don't like the idea, I say." "Nonsense. I have little doubt that you'll find the plank bed in'the cells more entertaining at least than.the stone.slab of the morgue." "Don't speaklof it, sir; not another word. I hadn't thought of that 'pen my soul, I hadn't. You make my flesh creep." - The stranger grinned for. the first time. 'Arthur Brackenbridge :reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the car riage. He stood for a moment, his back to the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he said : "Yes, you're right. I'll do it; I'll give myself up and see what becomes of me. MIy name is Brackenbridge ; you will, without a doubt, .see it appear often enough in the newspapers during .the next month or sd. "But, whatever be comes of me, yqu, sir, have saved "my life. - Whether you have done me a pood turn or an evil one:has yet to be seen; but to-night, at.least, I am graetful, very grateful. That slab keeps recurring to m ymind, you know, and-well, good bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God bless you!" Pfhe two men .clasped -hands, gazing into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started"iwith its usual wracking jerk. The-heavy man sat huddled in the corner, hisabrows contracted, arms fold ed, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The muzzle smelt blood; it looked blond. Without one glance at the weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament. he muttered: "Taken one life, saved one life.' Surely the one should balance the othei'. But he says: 'No; not one life, but two you have taken-two! two! your victim's and your own.' 'I believe he is as right in my case as I was in his, and the balance is against me, against . me hopelesly against me; against me now and for all eternity. He said to me: 'God bless you, sir!' I think that is of good omen. He is the last I shall meet on this earth, and he said, 'God bless you, sir!'" " With li!s thumb he drew back the hammer of the weapon until it 'clicked" twice. "I may as well. end my flight by Fnstantaneously putting myself out of reach of my pursuers; and it is better that I do it with the young man's words ringing in my ears. He was flying to his death: I from mine. He found life; I find-" At Hammersmith station the travellers bylthe train gathered round the compart ment, to stand tip-toe and peer into it while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse; and next morning's papers contained the news of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbridge. -"The Ludgate." 