Baptism of the Tsar's Daughter. THE infant Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna, the Tsar's daughter, was baptised at Zarskoe Selo on November 26 with great ceremony. The child and her nurses were conveyed in a State procession of gilded coaches, each drawn by six richly-caparisoned white horses through the streets of Zarskoe Selo from the Alexander Palace to the Great Palace es- corted by the scarlot-coated troopers of the Tsar's Cossack bodyguard. A brilliant proces- sion of members of the Imperial family, atten- ded by their coartiere and the high officers of the State then slowly paced through the palace to church, situated at one end of the building. The mistress of tho robes, Prin- cess Galitzen, carried tho Imperial infant upon a scarlet cushion, which was supported on either side by Count Delianof, Minister for Education, and Prince Lobanof, Minister for Foreign Affairs. The Times says that the ceremony of christening, like all rites of the Russian Church, is rather complicated, consisting of four ceremonies combined-namely, re- nunciation of the evil spirit, confession of faith by the sponsors, the sacrament of baptism, and unction. Although the metro politan and members of the synod officiate .' they cannot perform the baptism, as they belong to tho monastic clergy. This rite is performed by the priest and confessor of his, Majesty, and, in accordance with uu ancient and curious custom, the par ents of tho child arc never present. The Tsar, thorefore, retired to an inner room, ,after receiving the blessing of tho clergy, \- and only returned for prayers after the actual babtism had been accomplished. , This consists in tho priest completely im mersing the child three times in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Tho priest dextoriously places the palm of his right hand over the child's mouth, with the fingers over tho eyes and eats, and then dips it facc downwards into the lioly water. Tho baby is dressed behind a screen, and is than given the sacrament, and de corated by the Dowager Empress with the collar of the Order of Saint Catherine, aud finally anointed with holy oil. Tho sponsors with lighted tapers, each in turn carrying tho chill, follow tlio priest thrco limes round tho font. These rites are accom .panied by numerous prayers and beautiful singing by the choir. The sponsors were the Empress Dowager, Queen Victoria, tho Empress Frederick, the {.Queen of tho Hellenes, the King of Den mark, the Grand Duke Vladimir. None of the foreign personages, however, were ac tually present. The celebrated priest John of Croustadt was in attendance by special invitation. It is an interesting fact that the Tsaritsa insist, contrary to all tradition and custom, upon nourishing her infant daughter herself. A large number of Russian peasant women wore gathered from vurious parts of Russia ia order that a suitable wotnurse might be selected for the Imperial Grand Duchess. None of them was to be the mother of fewer than two or of more than four children, and those of dark complexion were to be pre ferred. Her Imperial Majesty, however, as the latest official bulletin unnounce-', h i takcu this important maternal duty entirely upon herself, and is p obably the first Em press of Russia who has ever done so, Her Majesty und tho infant Grand Duchess con tiuue. to progress in the most satisfactory manner. 