CLEVER BURGLARS AT WOMK. HOW A BIO KIUDT JOB WAS DON'E. Pitaon'a, in Bond-etreet, London, do a high class trade in gema, gold, and ulcer. Seen from witbont, the establishment has that unassuming air which it generally indicative of a high -class trade in a West Bad shop, where things are what they seem, and the show in the window is more or less a matter of indifference— such a front, indeed, as la likely to inspire the cautious buyer with faith, and does not frighten him away with exces sive brilliance. Such, tt least, writes a Daily AVw* correspondent, was tbe opinion I formed. And the enterprisine bnrptarB who spent some agreeable hours on tbe premises the other night evidently took that view, loo. Now, Bond street contains,, as most of us know, many very magnificent shops in the gem and gold way ; but not one of them—so far as 1 could see tn a walk up and down tlm^ fashionable thoroughfare — presented such facQibiet for the knotting burglar as Fitson'a. Fitson'a only covers the ground floor ; above, the spxeioas premises are empty and to let, and are approached by a front door of their own on the right and abutting on Pttaon'fl shop front. By this very ordinary method of entering a house did these audacious robbers begin their attack on Pitaon*a. At seven o'clock in the evening the but of the assis tants made all right within, locked the door, and went liis way. At 8*30 a.m, the next morning he came, he saw, and was aghast. The window was dismantled, donra wereopen, and all wis wrong. It was be who, by the permission of the owners, kindly showed roe the various stages by which the robbers faad done their work. Yes— work istneword; hard, honest, toil— rather well paid to be mre. Their muscles mnst have ached before they penetrated from the back premises to the front shop- Having, by means of a skeleton bey (we may suppose), coolly opened the front door of which I have spoken, the men crept upstairs, passed through various empty rooms, and descended by a narrow winding staircase, at the bottom of which is a door leading into Pitron'a backmost room. This door is con structed of solid walnut two inches thick, so out came the drills and to work west tbe burglars. Considering the thickness «nd the hardness of the material (and the wcemity for silence) this job most hare ocoapud'Some time, and have required an tittle. *LQl and patience. I judge by the many Beparate -holes which had to be made before itbey- were able to remove the glass panels, and thus approach the two locks and tbe iron grill work wliich stood guard over Pitsaa's treasures. Expert opinion, having looked at the job, declare* that tbe job was-tfae handi work of high-closa men in I lie hasAntsz. Wbll, the drill having done its work, the jemmies did Uie fest — von can see signs of many a vicious wrench — and tbe two -Jocks were overcome. - Hie men now found them selves in a small bnt lofty chamber, and me once proceeded to open one of tbe dereral white wood bores, which seemed to promise well. Alas ! they contained bat boobs and papers; so, with a deep enne^or two, no doubt, they then inspected a. tall door which kept them from farther discoveries. This soon fell before tb«o, and they found ibeaadres in a ahort passage, at the end of which nrae — an iron revolving shatter. Bnt they levered it up a foot or two (akflfol ? fellows), fell down and went to wozk again with the drill on the lower panels of-vootner door. Donbtless hope soon came to inspire them, for a faint glimmer of light wonld now greet their straining eyes. Yes, Hirongh the aperture they crawled— into the shop at last. The burglar who rises to the top of his pro fession must certainly be a ran of iron nerve. Just let me picture the shop for yon as it appeared to these predatory knaves about two or three a.m. that morning. It would have a ghost-like appearance, for all the esses were hong with white «heets; the counter, too— *J1 multiplied again and Again by tall mirrors, for a light burns en&pedertal.; The iron shatters block the window from the view without, bat through the two -peepnoles in the iron grill over the front door ths whole interior is disclosed to the passer-by. The men tnnst have been amazingly clever to avoid detection, for we should fancy that Bond-street — the land of chambers— was never deserted, never silent daring tbe night watches. And yet they made their way to the window and stripped it as deliberately as a professional window- dresser might in broad daylight. I don't know bow many valuable pins they took off with them— 3IK), I be'ievc ; 70 gold watch bracelets, 12 gold ulberts, 15 gold watches, 20 moonstone and diamond heart - sliape bracelets, 100 gold brooches, 20 gem spring bangles — wit h other trifle* , perhaps. The cases behind the white sheets were full of silver, bnt this they despised, except a few silver cigarette-cases, vhlch, doubtless enough, they are nsing at this present moment. Luckily for Piteon's, die real valuables were locked up in the safe, which was scarcely touched by the jemmies— just rcratched. Bat how was it done « Tbe policeman on bis beat must hive peeped through the eyeholes in the iron grill ; a special watchman, too, who is engaged to see to this block. I can onlv sutiDOse that some cunning signalman without was on tbe watch for the watchmen. The e.r. Duke of Buckingham left Keppel Bay on Sunday cu nmft to London, taking 20U(- cases of preserved meat, 171 cask* of tallow. GO packages of bones, and IS bales of leather from Hockhampton in addition Io the { following parcels of frozen meat : — 1109 hind i quarters of beef, 4610 carcasset of mutton, 9000 packages of hindquarters of i»ntlonf 47 packages of legs of mutton, and 63 carcasses of lamb. First girl : *' When are yon coming outT' Second : *' Just as soon as when I grow into 