CHAPTER HT. IS'ow he was alone again. Ono other nigibt liad just sunk into that 'unfathomable sea whence all tile nights have gone since God divided light from darkness, and made both good. All around was very still. Even the mid- night ghosts had cast away their creaking, and came noiselessly. Jem, sitting by the lire in the lodge kit- chen, saw only one, and she had golden hair and fair sweet eyes. The beauty of her face and dress and the gleam of her jewels held his* senses strung. It was not fitting that even the ghost of a lady so dainty should be wandering over a bare-floored kitchen, but the moonlight was there too, and its grace was such that it len t even the wooden table and chai i's a picturesqueness that the sunlight had never given. There was very little fire. A mere hand- ful' of burnt wood on the top of a. colonial oveu. Jem was gazing into the heart of it earnestly. Then ho sat upright, ami touched his own 'cont sleeve gently. "You look just Uko a (gentleman in a coat. Wfhy don't you always wean* a coat, Jem?" ho said. Then, he caught up his lint from the table, considered Lt carefully for a. few minutos, flung it over tho table again, and repeated his question in a. louder voice. Thou ¡lie Stood upright.: "Wliy how tall you are?" lie said. His -words went over the partition into till o only oilier room the lodge possessed-his own and Iiis father's bedroom. *Ts that yon, Jem?" asked a voice from tho other side. "Yes," said Jem. "Any one oise?" * "No." _ ,i ii;.:.; "Then come ito bed, my lad." "Ail right-isoon. You go to sleep, father." He sat down again quietly. Elizabeth's smile had flown ; her looks were turned from . him. A paroxysm of ¡loneliness and despair seized him at the remembrance of her lofty «sparateness from him for to-morrow and all of the other days to come. Then an idea which he did not attempt to' combat. He rose anil went out of the kitchen sud- denly into the world of Greythorpe grounds. The carriage drive lay white in the moon- light. The trees, mostly silver- trunked gums, with a scattering of dark saplings?, had all gone to sleep. He plunged' in amongst them, and strode towards the great whitehouse. It was qxáte still, too; all Hie windows dark and curtained. Jem stood a long way off! and looked at it. Then he 'turned-and walked slowly home again. "It would be very easy," he muttered. "Very easy for it to catcili fire. After a blaze like that. She didn't seem to even . thick of fire. She would have been quite unprepared." He saw himself plunging through flames; crashing over roofs through which great tongues of fire were leaping and gliding; scaling ladders, and bursting through impos- sible windows. But he saved Elizabeth. All of the other men lined the world., and he carried her past ? them quite safe and clinging to him. He opened the kitchen door quietly. The fire was almost out, the silver tint of the moonlight was growing duller, and a long snore from the bedroom reft the silence. He picked up the poker, and regarded iit attentively. "What is your name- besides Watson?" he asked suddenly. "Jem," he said. Then he softened his voice. "Jem-Jem Watson," he said. He sat down, still clasp- ing the poker. "All those for the fireplaces," he muttered. "Can't we make Hiern beautiful! I shall want you to help me-Jem." The last was^ a whisper. Hes dropped the poker suddenly, and lean- ing his elbows upon the table he sunk his face 'Into his hands. For a little while his breath came quickly. He was looking into a fernery where the Light's were pink and blue and yellow and green, and every one soft and low. " He saw a branch from a tree-fern, drooping over a golden head, and a man put out one hand and touch it. He was tali and young; he wore evening clothes and gloves. Jem sprang to his feat with half-caught breath. "Is that you, Jem?" lie asked all at once. "Ah!" he .said, "it is. Walk hack to tho house with me, will you-Jem?" He walked round and round the room, ' smiling and frowning and biting his lips. "Why, how tall you aire?" he said again. He looked down to where 'the little fingers had rested, and smiled again. Coming back to the table, he sat down, burying his face in his hands. . "You look just like a gentleman in a coat, Jem. Wliy don't you always wear one?" he asked in a monotonous, tired voice. A little later he opened his eyes and re- cognised the day with a groan. It was im- polite of him, for it gave him the sweetest of greetings. Ho looked round, the kitchen, beheld his hat on the table, and smiled bitterly. "Miss Elizabeth!" he said with a sigh. Then he took off his boots, and stole quietly into the bedroom. He opened one eye- as Iiis father was leaving the room just ono hour la tea*. Watson saw the open eye and stopped with the door in his hand. "You awake, Jeni?" he asked. "No," said Jem, shutting his eye quickly. "Well, wot d'ye do with the key of tho fernery, lad?" "Miss Elizabeth," replied Jem, with a hesi- tation over the words that no one but him- self could ha.ve understood. "Darn her!" said the old man, angrily. "You were a fool, boy." Jem sat up in bed, and waved one hand. "If Miss Elizabeth chooses," he began, then saw that he was quite alone. He lay still for a long time, tasting tho bitterness of the sweet that fancies over-in- dulged leave. Then a recollection came to him. It was of his father, standing old and bent in tho doorway just now. Of his wringklod, greyey-white face, and 'his thin white hoard and hair. Of his unexplained fall the other day, and his wearying rheumatic pains. latterly Jem iliad seen him tending to- wards old age. This morning he recognis- ed that he was there now. He flung himself from the bed, and bogan to dress hurriedly. . "It is all the same whether I stay in bed or get up," he muttered-, as he flashed aim- lessly round the room. "Not another day of it-from this morning. I'll go to Wya- long. I'll go to Coolgardie. I'll go to Queensland. Curse Sydney!" Ho dragged on an old pair of boots, and went coatless into the -kitchen. Thon ho paced up and down from ono door to ano- ther, as though he wore testing his pedes- trian powers for ills journeys. This was a track that he trod often now. "He's sixty-five-I'm twenty-three," he said through his it eel h. He must bo up at 5 o'clock-I can stay in beti both day and night. Canse Sydney, where there's no work for those who are able and willing to do it!" At the window he stopped for nearly five minutes; when he turned away he began to light the fire quietly. Then he filled a ket- tle, swept up the hearth, and set a corner of the fable for one. Standing up by the fire he made his own breakfast off dry bread and weak tea. It relieved him greatly that both were so un- palatable, and that he felt almost aß hungry when lie had finished as when ho began. Ho was blacking hisboots.vigorously when his father returned at half-past 7. His eyes were full of a repressed purpose, his mouth firm set. There were no tracks on the floor to indicate his restless pacings. His father gave an exclamation of plea- sure as he sniffed the kitchen air with its odor of grilled chops. Two hours of breakfastless work make ono appreciate even the smell of cookery. .'I will say, Jem, as you can cook a eli op with anyone," remarked Watson, with a reiteration of lip smacks to corroborate bis words. "They've learned you that on a sta ' tic ii, if they've 'done no more. Where are you going to- day, boy?" "Look for. work again. Then when every place in Sydney has slammed its doors in my face, coming back to take a spade with you-for a couple of days." His fathel* brought ¡lils clenched hand down sharply on the table. "You're not," lie shouted. "I'un Mowed if you do. A man with your eddLcation dig, ' and weed, and .manure for an old woman! You as was top of the 'Igh School. I'm Wowed if you shall. I allays meant you for a clerk, and a clerk you shall be." Jem threw down his boobs aaid brushes. "I'd be a coaciiúnan or a gardener to-mor- row If I got the chance," Hie said. "I'm not ashamed to do the work my father doest but I'm cursed ashamed of being a burden on him. And hean old man!" Watson stared. It «wa« the first time .lem had aired his sentiments bo bini. Hitherto it had been a case of silent and almost sul- len struggling. He shuffled over 'the kitchen to him. One of Iiis earthy boots kicked one of Jem's shining black, ones. He clutched his hands and blinked up at the young stern face. "That's all right., my lad," lie said. "Don't you go a-thinkin' of that. The 'ome's here. There-ain't no difference whether two lives in it or one." Jem's mouth! twitched. "Lu le's agen you," said his father, letting go his hands and smiting his sleeve comfort- ingly. "Luck's agen you. It'll lie smilin' ager», soon, lad. Come and get your brek f ust " "I've had it," sahl .Tem. He Hooked down frou his great height ,to the small bent form of in's father, and rumpled up hts hah* wildly in tlie distress ol' his mind. "Wot-a chop?" "Ay! I was hungry. There was no good waiting for you. Go and finish up that other one." Ile picked up Iiis boots and brushes again and set to work. The sight of the meat was too appetis'"«r for Iiis hungry eyes. Presently old Watson set out iiponhisdaily work. Jeni watched him from the door- way with an envious heart. His thoughts were bitter. They showed him .the tragic improvidence of Providence in the creation of young sta.lw.rt men with quick brains, strong arms, and licet feet, and no work at all iiír them to do. There had been a'time-not a year back now-when he had recognised, panting al- most at the multitude of them all, the oppor- tunities life offered for each mau. To-day ¡lie saw only alli the men life offered for each opportunity. Tile expression of the thought's misery lay in his eyes. They were fixed on Hie old bent figure talcing the path between the trees, spade and 'hoe laden. "Good morning, Jem," said a voice quite close to him. He swung round with a sudden scarlet flush on his face. It was Miss Elizabeth, and he was coatless again. His hands wore streaked profusely with blacking, li!« hair (rumpled yet-a result of his mind's dis- tress. Elizabeth's eyes kindled. Her admira tion for this splendid specimen of manhood wLtlh the boyish, ingenuous face was swift and large. "Here is .the key of the fernery," she said "Will you .give it to your father, and tell him to fetch thc plants back." .Tem received tho key. The amount of blacking upon his hand suggested a gen cir- ons disposition. "How is your father? I hope he is bet- ter." "yes, thank yon, Miss Elizabeth," he said. lt is difficult to bo affable whpn one is otherwise from everything that one fain world be. He half turned to re-enter the kitchen. "Open the gate for me please, .lem," said Elizabeth. They walked side by side. He swung back the heavy iron gatos with an ease w iii ch i<ihe admired and he .was u nco usc i ons of. Hr- looked at her swiftly when slip stood beyond them. She was pale and hardly pret ty at all, and her eyes suggested pocket handkerchief friction and tears. lib? face was eloquent, with a question. "Good-bye, .lean," she said, smiiliug. "Good-bye, Miss Elizabeth." (To be continued.) t j¡ 