The Mystery of the Inn ; Or, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. CHAPTER XXVI. FOR THE LAST TIME. My eyes turned immediately in the di- rection of the secret chamber. Its en- trance was closed, but I knew she was hidden there as well as if the door had been open and I had seen her. What should I do ? For a moment I hesitated, then I rushed from the room and hastened back to Mr. Felt. I found him standing with his face to the door, eagerly awaiting my return. "'What has happened ?" he asked, im- portunately. "Your face is as pale as death." ' 'Because death is in the house. Ma- dame—" "Ah ! " "Lies not in her bed, nor is she to be found in her room. There is another place, however, in which instinct tells me we shall find her, and if we do, we shall find her — dead !" "In her daughter's room ? At her daughter's bedside ?" '"No; in the secret chamber." He gazed at me with wild and haggard aspect.' 'You are right," he hoarsely assented. " Let us go ; let us seek her; it may not be too late." The entrance to this hidden room was closed, as I have said, and as I had never assisted at its opening, I did not know where to find the hidden spring by means of which the panel was moved. We had, therefore, to endure minutes of suspense, while Mr.Felt fumbled at the wainscot- ing. The candle I held shook with my agitation, and though I had heard no- thing of the storm before, it seemed now as if every gust which came swooping down upon the house tore its way through my shrinking consciousness with a force and menace that scattered the last rem- pant of self-possession. Not an instant in the whole terrible day had been more frightful to me, no, not the moment when I first heard the sliding of this very panel and the sound of her crawling form ap- proaching me through the darkness. The vivid flashes of lightning that shot every now and then through the cracks of the closely shuttered window, making a skeleton of its frame-work, added not a little to my terror, there being no other light in the room save that and the flickering, almost dying flame, with which I strove to aid Mr. Felt's endea- vors and only succeeded in lighting up his anxious and heavily bedewed fore- head. "Oh, oh !' was my moan; "this is terrible! Let us quit it or go around to my own room, where there is an open door." But he did not hear me. His efforts had become frantic and he tore at the wainscoting as if he would force it open by main strength. " You cannot reach her that way," I declared. "Perhaps my hand may be more skilful. Let me try." But he only increased his efforts. ' I am coming, Marah; I am coming !" he called and at once, as if guided by some angel's touch, his finger's slipped upon the spring. Immediately it yielded and the opening so eagerly sought for was made. " Go in," he gasped, "go in." 'And so it was that the fate which had forced me against my will, and in despite of such intense shrinking to pass so fre- quently into that hideous spot, where death held its revel and Nemesis awaited its victim, drove me thither once again, and, as I now hope, for the last time. For, there upon the floor, and almost in the same spot where we had found lying the remains of innocent Honora Urqu- hart, we saw, as my premonition had told me she should, the outstretched form of the unhappy being who had usurped her place in life, and now, in re- tribution for that act, had laid her head down upon the same couch in death. She was pulseless and quite cold. Upon her mouth her left hand, lay pressed, as if, with her last breath, she sought to absorb the pure kiss which had been left there the daughter she so much loved. CHAPTER XXVII. A LAST WORD. Did Marah Leighton will the coming of her old lover to my inn on that fatal night ? That is the question I asked, when, with the first breaking of the morning light, I discovered lying on the table under an empty phial, a letter ad- dressed, not to her husband, not to her child, but to him, Mark Felt. It is a question that will never be an- swered, but I know that he comforts himself with the supposition, and allows the trembling hope to pass, at times, across his troubled spirit, that in the bitterness of those last hours some touch of the Divine mercy may have moved her soul, and made her fitter for his memory to dwell upon . The letter I afterwards read. It was as follows : TO THE MAN WHO GAVE ALL, BORE ALL REAPED NOTHING BUT SUFFERING : I am not worthy to write you, even with the prospect of death before me. But an influence I do not care to combat, drives me to make you, of all men, the confidant of my remorse. I did not perish sixteen years ago in the Hudson River. I lived to share in and profit by a crime that has left an indelible stain upon my life, and an ineffaceable darkness within my soul. You know, or soon will know, what that crime was, and how we prospered in it. Daring as it was dreadful, I heard its fearful details planned by his lips, without a shudder, because I was mad in those days, mad for wealth, mad for power and adventure. The only mad- ness I did not feel was love. This I say to comfort a pride that must have been sorely wounded in those days, as sorely wounded as your heart. Edwin Urquhart could make my eyes shine and my blood run swiftly, but not so swiftly as to make me break my troth with you, had he not sworn to me that through him I should gain what moved me more than any man's love. How he was to ac- complish this I could not see in the begin- ning, and was so little credulous of his being able to keep his oaths that I let myself be drawn by you almost to the church door. But I got no further. There in the crowd he stood with a command in his eyes which forbade any further advance. Though I comprehended nothing then, I obeyed his look and went back, for my heart was not in any marriage, and it was in the hopes to which his looks seemed to point. Later he told me what those hopes were. He had been down to Long Island, and while there, had chanced to hear in some tavern of the Happy-Go-Lucky Inn and its secret cham- ber, and he saw, or thought he saw, how he could make me his without losing the bene- fit of an alliance with Miss Dudleigh. And I thought I saw also, and entered into his plans, though they comprised crime and en- tailed horrors upon me from which women naturally shrink. I was hard as the nether millstone of which the Bible speaks, and went determinedly on in the path of dissi- mulation and crime which had been marked out for me, till we came to this inn. Then, owing, perhaps, to my long imprisonment in the dreadful box, I began to feel qualms of physical fear and such harrowing mental forebodings, that more than once during that terrible evening I came near shouting for release. But I was held back by apprehensions as great as any from which a premature release from my place of hiding could have freed me. I dared not face Honora, and I dared not subject Edwin Urquhart to the conse- quences of a public recognition of our perfidy, and so I let my opportunity go by, and became the sharer, as I was already the instigator, of the unheard-of crime by which I became, in the eyes of the world, his wife. What I suffered during its perpetration no word of mine can convey. I cringed to her moans; I shook under the blow that stifled them. And when all was over, and the bolts which confined me were shot back, and I found myself once more on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms, I looked about, not for him, but her, and when I did not see her or any token of her death, I was seized by such an agony out revulsion that I uttered a great and irre- pressible cry which filled the house, and brought more than one startled inquirer to our door. For retribution and remorse were already busy within me, and in the lurking shadows about the fire-place I thought I saw the long and narrow slit made by the half closed panel standing open between me and the secret place of her entombment. And though it was but an optical delusion, the panel being really closed, it might as well have been the truth, for I have never been able to rid myself of the sight of that chi- merical strip of darkness, with its sugges- tions of guilt and death. It haunted my vision; it ruined my life; it destroyed my peace. If I shut my eyes at night it opened before me. If I arrayed myself in jewels and rich raiment, and paused to take but a passing look at myself in the glass, this horror immediately came between me and my own image, blotting the vision of wealth from my eyes; so that I went into the homes of the nobles or the courts of the king a clouded, miserable thing, seeing nothing but that black and narrow slit closing upon youth and beauty and innocence forever and forever and forever. My child came. Ah ! that I should have to mention her here ! I do it in penance; I do it in despair; since with her my heart woke, and for her that heart is now broken, never to be healed again. O, if the know- ledge of my misery wakens in you one thought that is not of revenge cast a pity- ing eye upon this darling one, left in a hate- ful country without friends, without lover, without means. For friends and lover and means will all leave her with the revelations which the morning will bring, unless Heaven is merciful to her innocence as it has been just to my guilt, she will have no other goal before her than that which has opened its refuge for me. As for her father, let Heaven deal with him. He gave me this darling child; so I may not curse him, even if I cannot bless. MARAH. October 23, 1791. I have seen one bright thing to-day, and that was the faint and almost un- earthly gleam which shot for a moment from beneath Honora's falling lids, as I told her what love was and how the mar- quis only awaited her permission to speak, to assure her of his boundless af- fection, and his undying purpose to be true to her even to the point of assuming her griefs and taking upon himself the protection of her innocence. If it had not been for this, I should have felt that the world was too dark to remain in, and life was too horrible to be endured. November 30, 1791. I thought that when Honora Urquhart left my house to be married to M. De Fontaine in the church below the hill, peace would return to us once more. But there is no peace. This morning another horrible tragedy defiled my door- step. I was sitting in the open porch waiting for the mail coach, for it seemed to me that it was about time I received some word from Mr. Tamworth. It was yet some minutes before the time when the rumble of the coach is usually heard, and I was brooding, as was natural, over the more than terrible occurrences of the last few weeks, when I heard the clatter of horses' hoofs, and looking up and down the road, saw a small party of men ap- proaching from the south. As they came nearer, I noticed that one of the riders was white-haired and presumably aged, and was interesting myself in him, when he came near enough for me to recognise his features, and I perceived it was no other than Mr. Tamworth. Rising in perturbation, I glanced at the men behind and abreast of him, and saw that one of these rode with lowered head and an oppressed mien, and was just about to give that person a name in my mind, when the horse he bestrode sud- denly reared, bolted, and dashed forward to where I sat, flinging his rider at the very threshold of my house, where he lay senseless as the stone upon which his head had fallen. For an instant both his companions and myself paused aghast at a sight so ter- rible and bewildering; then, amid cries from the road and one wild shriek from within, I rushed forward, and turning over the head, looked upon the face of the fallen man. It was not a new one to me. Though changed and seamed and white now in death, I recognised it at once. It was that of Edwin Urquhart. This noon I took down the sign which has swung for twenty years over my front door. " Happy-Go-Lucky" is scarcely the name for an inn accursed by so many horrors. February 3, 1792. This week I have fulfilled the threat of years ago. I have had the oak parlor and its hideous adjunct torn from my house. Now, perhaps I can sleep. March 16. News from Honora. The distant rela- tive who succeeded to the estates and the title of the Marquis de la Roche-Guyon has fallen a victim to the guillotine. Would this have been the fate of Ho- nora's husband had he forsaken her and returned home? There is reason to be- lieve it. At all events, she finds herself greatly comforted by this news for the sacrifice which her husband made to his love, and no longer regrets the exile to which he has been forced to submit for her sake. Wonderful, wonderful Provi- dence ! I view its workings with renewed awe every day. September 5, 1795. I have been from home. I have been on a visit to New York. I have tasted of change, of brightness, of free and cheerful living, and I can settle down now in this old and fast decaying inn with something else to think about than ruin and fearful retribution. I have been visiting Madame De Fon- taine. She wished me to come, I think, that I might see how amply her married life had fulfilled the promise of her courtship days. Though she and her noble husband live in peaceful retire- ment, and without many of the appurte- nances of wealth, they find such re- sources of delight in each other's com- panionship that it would be hard for the most exacting witness of their mutual felicity to wish them any different fate, or to desire for them any wider field of social influence. The marquis —I shall always call him thus —has found a friend in General Washington, and though he is never seen at the President's receptions, or mingles his voice in the councils of his adopted country, there are evidences constantly appearing of the confidence reposed in him by this great man, which cannot but add to the exile's contentment and satis- faction. Honora has developed into a grand beauty. The melancholy which her un- happy memories have necessarily infused into her countenance have given depth to her expression, which was always sweet and frequently touching. She looks like a queen, but like a queen who has known not only grief, but love. There in nothing of despair in her glance, rather a lofty hope, and when her affec- tions are touched, or her enthusiasm roused, she smiles with such a heavenly brightness in her countenance, that I think there is no fairer woman in the world, as I am assured there is none worthier. Her husband agrees with me in this opinion, and is so happy that she said to me one day : "I sometimes wonder how my heart succeeds in holding the joy which Heaven has seen fit to grant me. In it I read the forgiveness of God for the unutterable sins of my parents; and although the shadows will come, and do come, when- ever I think upon the past, or see a face which, like yours, recalls memories as bitter as ever overwhelmed an innocent girl in her first youth, I find that, with every year of love and peaceful living, the darkness grows less, as if, somewhere in the boundless heavens, the mercy of God was making itself felt in the heart of her who once called herself my mother." And hearing her speak thus, I felt my own breast lose something of the oppres- sion which had hitherto weighed it down. And, as the days passed, and I ex- perienced more and more of the true peace that comes with perfect love and perfect trust, I found my tears turned to rejoicing, and the story of my regrets into songs of hope. And so I have come back comforted and at rest. If there are yet ghosts haunting the old inn, I do not see them, and though its walls are dismantled, its custom gone, and its renown a thing of the past, I can still sit on its grass-grown doorstep and roam through its fast de- caying corridors without discovering any blacker shadow following me than that of my own figure, bent now with age, and only held upright by the firmness of the little cane with which I strive to give aid to my tottering and uncertain steps. The grace of God has fallen at last upon the Happy-Go-Lucky Inn. (THE END.) Sydney Smith has given us the following recipe for making everyday happy : When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one to a fellow creature. It is easily done; a left-off gar- mant to the man who needs it, a kind word to the sorrowful, an encouraging expression to the striving, trifles in themselves as light as air, will do it, at least for the 24 hours: and if you are young, depend upon it, it will tell when you are old, and if you are old, it will send you gently and happily down the stream of human time to eternity. By the most simple and arithmetical sum, look at the result: You send one person, only one, happily through the day — that is 365 in the course of the year ; and supposing you live only 40 years after commencing that course of medicine, you have made 14,600 human beings happy, at all events for a time. Now, is not this simple? It is too short for a sermon, too homely for ethics, too easily ac- complishsd for you to say: "I would if I could." Guests —It is always rather startling when a guest turns fractious on the hands of her entertainers, who in all likelihood do their best to please. Such a lapse of good manners maybe patiently endured; but the only pleas- ant feature of such a visit is the day of de- parture. People of this sort are not agreeable anywhere; they are cut on the bias and will always be a little askew. But the person of average good nature and intelligence can, by observing several rules, at least avoid being positively tedious, if not at all times enter- taining. When expecting to be met at the station, be sure and state the day of the week as well as month, and the train on which you will arrive. Be sure to send the letter several days in advance, especially if to the country; it may save you a day of weary waiting at some out-of-the-way place. One should adjust taste, sight, smell, etc., to the different conditions of the homes she visits. It is far from pleasant to feel that our guest has, with the plummet- line of her su- perior wisdom, fathomed our shallows in do- mestic economy or family government, found a disagreeable odor or discovered the "skele- ton" in our closet. Again, make it a point to eat breakfast with the family, no matter how early the hour, though your hostess in- sists that you "need not do it." You have ample time for an afternoon nap. Do not follow your friend about while she is busy with domestic duties. Choose that time for a quiet ramble, or letter writing in your own room. Do not have your personal be- longings strewn all over it or over the house. Some visitors who are very notional about their apartments when at home, still act as though they had special license to keep their friends' spare room in a pandemonic state. When leaving, be sure the room is in perfect order. Do not put your clothes into the family wash unless certain it will not incom- mode; even then always pay the servant, if one is kept. It is only the ignorant who attempt to entertain their friends the entire day; it is very annoying. Leave them awhile each day for their private reflections be equally agreeable to each member of the family, and by noticing some awkward or shy child may do much towards developing her. She should never expatiate on her aches and pains, her domestic infelicities and the like gloomy topics; or speak much of her rich relatives, how they do in the city, her trip to a foreign land, etc. Modesty suggests subjects with a small i. People visiting in the city should endeavor to dress tastefully, though their means may dictate extreme simplicity. It will add materially to their enjoyment as well as that of their friends. A neat, stylish travelling suit, a wrapper for morning, and an afternoon dress, with a choice variety of meek garniture, will make one presentable in almost any society for a short visit. Those visiting in the country should he careful not to make a foolish dis- play of their finery. Tokens of love and re- membranes, however simple, are always pleasant; and it is always well to remember the servants. Last, it you desire your stay to be an agreeable visit rather than a visitation, do not stay too long. Take your departure while your friends are still anxious for you to remain. 