THE COTTAGE HOMES. FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE ANDREWS HOMES. A noble institution is the Cottage Homes, provided for aged people, wherein they may pass slowly down to the valley of the shadow of death amid peaceful surroundings, and where aged couples may pass the last remaining years of their stay on earth together, and not be torn asunder as unfortunately is the custom in some establishments. This philanthropic movement, which is quite unaided by the government, provides comfortable dwellings for sixty three old and infirm people. Not only is a home provided, but the inmates are protected from want, especially in times of sick ness. At the present there are over thirty applicants waiting for a home to be vacated, and the need for extra accommodation is very pressing. The committee recently were gratified by the spontaneous and gene rous gift of Mr. W. Finlayson, of Mitcham, who presented to them a large piece of land in a fine position at the foot of the hills at Mitcham and at the rear of his own house. The committee at once set to work to erect another block of homes on this land, and the foundation-stone of a section of seven cottages was laid on Friday afternoon by Lady Victoria Buxton. These premises are intended to be only portion of a group which it is proposed to put up on the land given to the committee, and they hope in a short space of time to be able to build three other square of seven cottages each. The apart ments now being erected are to be substantially built of brick and stone, and will each con tain two rooms. There was a very large crowd of people at the ceremony on Friday afternoon. Lady Victoria Buxton, who was accom panied by Miss Buxton and Captain Guise, was received by Dean Marryat, on behalf of the committee, and by Councillors A. Murray, Chairman, D. J. Hewett, C. R. Mills, G. Edwards, and W. Brady, members, and A. J. Batt, Clerk of the Mitcham District Council. Lady Victoria was escorted to the platform, while a choir from St. Michael's Church, assisted by several pupils from Miss Thornber's school, sang the National Anthem. The Clerk of the Mitcham District Council, Mr. A. J. Batt, read the following address to Lady Victoria:— To Her Excellency the Lady Victoria Buxton. May it please your Excellency— We the members of the District Council of Mitcham, on behalf of ourselves and the residents of our district, to accord to you a very hearty welcome on the occasion of your visit to lay the foundation-stone of the Cottage Homes at Mitcham. We wish to assure you of our kindly feeling toward yourself and the members of your family, and our appreciation of the many acts of kindness and sympathy which has already marked your residence amongst us. We sincerely trust that yourself, His Excellency the Governor, and the members of your family may be blessed with health and happiness and may look upon this visit to Mitcham as one of the many pleasant recollections of your stay in this fair por- tion of our British Empire. Signed by the members of the District Council of Mitcham this 8th day of May, 1896. Here followed the signatures of the Councillors and Clerk. The Chairman of the District Council, Mr. A. Murray, presented the address to Lady Victoria. Lady Victoria replied as follows:— To the Chairman and Members of the District Coun- cil of Mitcham.— -Gentleman — I thank you sincerely for the kind words with which your address welcomes me on this my first visit to the charming district of Mitcham. It gives me great pleasure to have the opportunity of coming here today, more especially as I am able to assist in the development of a work which has in view such good and beneficent objects as the Cottage Homes. I can assure you that His Excellency, I myself, and all the members of our family will never forget the warm greetings we have received on all hands in South Australia, and that among the most pleasant memories will be my first visit to Mitcham. (Applause.) Dean MARRYAT then said — I have been re- quested by the committee of the Cottage Homes, Incorporated to ask your Ladyship to lay the foundation-stone of a new building of seven homes. The committee think that the occasion is one deserving of some public func tion. This charity was commenced in the year 1873, when acre 1035, facing Kingston Street and Stanley-street, North Adelaide, were obtained almost as a gift from the then proprietors. The foundation-stone of the first four homes was laid on October 27, 1873, by Lady Musgrave. In 1875 three more were added, one called the Wood cock Home, having been built by subscriptions collected by Miss Fanny Woodcock (afterwards Mrs. Archer). In 1876 two room homes com pleted the first wing. In 1877 two more homes were built, to which in 1879 Mr. E. W. Andrews added three, called the Andrews Homes. In 1879 and 1880 four new homes comprised the second wing, with the addition of a reading-room for which the institution was indebted chiefly to the efforts of Mesdames F . Doswell and J Barker. In 1882 Sir Henry Ayers built the third block of nine homes, called the Lady Ayers Homes. The fourth wing was shortly after commenced by the erection of three homes, including the two John Hart Homes ? by Mrs. John Hart. The last six homes of the wing were completed on Decembcr 14, 1886, when His Excellency Sir William Robinson laid a memorial stone to mark the completion. On September 9. 1890, the foundation- stone of seven new homes was laid by the Countesss of Kintore on land given in Brompton Park by Mr. Patrick Boyce Coglin. Seven at Brompton Park and ten at Glenelg were also opened. The total cost has been £8,193. There are at present sixty-four inmates. In December of last year Mr. W. Finlayson, sen. generously presented the present allotment of ground, measuring 140 ft. x 535 ft. This will provide ample room for four blocks of seven homes each with a reading- room. The site we regard in every way as suitable. It is easy of access from town, and situated in a neighbourhood in which the poor and aged are certain to be cared for. The cost of the present building, consisting of five homes for single persons and two suit able for married couples, will be £1,213. The cost has been met by a legacy left by the late Mrs. E. W. Andrews, of Glenelg. This will make the total cost of buildings £9,406 with accommodation for 73 inmates. In addition to the aforementioned grants of land we think it is well to record various gifts and legacies: — By anonymous endowments, £200: Mr. John Martin, £250: Mr. George Hance, £50; Mr. H. S. Price, £100; Mr. William Everard, £100; Miss Lipscombe, £90; total, £790. The En dowment Funds amouut to £1,939. 1. General gift of an anonymous friend. 2. The Andrews endowment, given by Mrs. E. W. Andrews. 3. Garlic endowment, the gift of Mr. D. Garlick. The interest is for the benefit respectively of the inmates, of inmates of the Andrews Home and for Christmas gifts. The com mittee trust that the part taken by your Lady ship in laying this foundation-stone may call the attention of many colonists to these homes, and to the fact that by the erection of one or more homes (the cost of a home is about £175 to £200, or a contribution to the Endow ment Fund, they can offer a large amount of comfort to the aged and infirm poor of this and future generations. Let us pray that the work thus commenced may go on and prosper in the name of the Lord. The Dean then handed to Lady Victoria a silver trowel, presented by Miss M. E. Bagot upon which there was a suitable inscription. The stone bore the words Andrews Homes. This stone was laid by Lady Victoria Buxton. May 8, 1896. Under neath the stone was placed a bottle containing the following:— The foundation-stone of these Cottage Homes for the aged and infirm poor and widows was laid by Lady Victoria Buxton on May 8 A.D 1896 being the fifty-ninth year of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the first year of the Governorship of his Excellency Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, Bart.. K.C.M.G., and the sixtieth year of the history of the colony of South Australia. The Cottage Homes, Incorporated — Patroness, Lady Victoria Buxton: Committee, Mesdames J. White, C. Marryat, J. H. Finlayson, J. Hart, W. M. Campbell, A. T. Magarey, F. W. Brampton. J. K. Corpe, C. Rischbeith, R. Smith, and W. K. Simms. Dean Marryat, Messrs. W. E. Dalton, and W. Isbister, Hon. Treasurer: Misses M. E. Bagot, Hon. Secretary, and A. Harris Browne ; Architect. Mr. D. Garlick. of Messrs. Garlick, Jack man & Garlick : Builders. Messrs Langley Brothers. The site was given by Mr. W. Finlayson, sen. There were also placed in the bottle copies of the Register and Advertiser of May 8, and the annual report of the institution. Her LADYSHIP having laid the foundation stone said :— '"In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This stone has been well and truly laid.'' Dean MARRYAT offered up a prayer, after which the assemblage joined in singing a hymn. Mr. H. MORGAN HAWKES moved a vote of thanks to Lady Victoria Buxton for laying the foundation-stone, and said that although she had not hitherto visited Mitcham she was not unknown to them. Her kindness of heart, her broad sympathy with all religious, philan- thropic, and social movements, her keen inte rest in everything that pertained to the wel fare of the women, mothers and daughters of South Australia, and her affectionate regard for the welfare of all classes, were so well known that her name was a household word in South Australia. (Applause.) The Rev. R. K. FINLAYSON seconded the motion, which was enthusiastically carried. Lady Victoria briefly replied. Mr. William ISBISTER, on behalf of the Committee of the Cottage Homes, moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. William Finlayson for his gift of the land on which the cottages are being erected. He said the committee were in some thing like a congested state for want of land on which to build when the kind offer came in a most opportune time, and relieved them of anxiety. The extent of the land was sufficient to give the committee plenty of work in the way of building for a couple of years at least: and they hoped to see many aged and infirm poor comfortably housed in them. Mr. Fin layson, the donor, well deserved their thanks. He was one of the earliest arrivals in the colony from Scotland, haying been a resident and owner of the section since 1837. He came there when Mitcham was in the bush, and a track through trees led to the lovely neigh- bourhood. Through all these many years he had seen many a change, and now when the verge of life was reached they trusted it would be peaceful and blessed. (Applause.) The Rev. A. W. Clampett seconded the motion. He remarked that the gift of his noble and venerable neighbour stirred up their feelings of gratitude. It was only another link in a long honourable life— a life full of good work, and a life full of love and thought for others. (Applause.) In the absence of Mr. W. Finlayson, the Rev. R. K. Finlayson read the following reply for his father :— "The erection of the cottages has given me very great pleasure, the more so as my dear wife had for many years a great desire to do something in this way, especially for old men who had few friends to look to, but from want of means she was unable to carry out her desires, and if alive now would have rejoiced that others had done what she was unable to do. I hope the means will soon be obtained for building a hall for the feeble people to meet in for the worship of God, and if all the ground is soon occupied I trust I will have the pleasure of adding more. My cordial thanks are due to Lady Victoria for her willingness to help the poor. The Lord will reward her." 