THE BRANDS AMENDMENT BILL 'There is nothing like leather,' says the old adage, and the Government in framing the Brands Amendment Bill now before the Legislative Council seem to be so very much impressed with tho truth of the old tanner's triumphant boast that every consideration relative co the con venience of owners of live stock has liecn subordinated to it. Tcrsoly sum mirizing the iniin object of the Bill, tho Hon. J. L. .Stirling said last Thursday that it altered the position of brands from conspicuous to non-conspicuous places. In addition to this it .prescribes the adoption of lettors and numbers of so small a .size that, as the Hon. J. Warren dearly showed, it would often be practi vtl!y impossible to make anything but a blotch on cattle wet with perspiration after being drafted into the yards. In itself, of course, the object of cuhancing tho value of hides used in the colony or exported from it is a most laudable one. it has been asserted that the injury done to these by the existing injudicious modes and places of branding represents :: loss of £20.000 annually ; but this is probably mi exaggeration. At any rate the concreca instance adduced by Mr. Stirling last week went to prove that little or no benelits had been reaped from the change by one who had taken it up '. enthusiastically and given it a good trial. It may bo admitted that the careless fashion in which brand marks .ire sometimes put sprawling over ribs and rump to the detriment of the hide and the disfigurement of the animal, is a source of serious loss in the case of cattle and particularly in that of horses ; and we have on more than one occasion urged the matter on the voluntary atten tion of some owners, who might easily add to the value of their stock without the expenditure of much timo or trouble. It is. however, the universal application of a hard-and-fast rule to circumstances widely dissimilar that is at present par ticularly objected to. The command iu the liill Is that every one must 'too the line'' whether it suits him or not. Conspicuous and well-known brands cannot in Home instances be abandoned or altered without heavy loss. On catt'.c stations in the Far North the stock are naturally shy or wild, and the labour in volved in getting a mixed mob into a nee and separating them out, after an in spaction of inconspicuous brand marks would altogether outweigh the slight de predation caused to the hides by nrrlrirt them 60 that the brand may be seen at ten or twenty yards distance. Dairy fanners, whosoherdsfrequentlyhave tobeseparatad out from those of others, may also some times find it extremely convenient to have very conspicuous brands. Of course tho hide of a cow, after her long career of usefulness, is not quite so valuable if marked in this way, but the difference is not so great as to compensate for any inconvenience ' in working the herd over a series of years. It has been publicly announced that cer tain Australian dealers are ready to give from Is. fid. - up to 2s. -kl. more for hides branded on the forearm or neck than for those marked on the ribs or rump, but after all this may with many stockowncrs be a matter of small importance compared with the disadvantages which the enforced adoption of a different practice in brand ing will entail. To the breeder of high-class stud stock the matter wears an even more serious aspect, inasmuch as his distinctive brand, placed on its accustomed posi tion, is his trade mark. It would be unjust iu the extreme to force him to abandon a brand which perhaps it has taken him many years to render popular, more especially as that brand might possibly be allotted to another breeder. The protest of ' Northern Farmer' in a letter printed elsewhere will sug gest at once tins very important view of the subject. How would the proprietors of widely advertised and highly approved articles of house hold consumption, or tho»e who earn their living by assisting in their production or manufacture, like to bo compelled by a sudden legal edict to use new trade marks / Even among those whose distinctive brands are not of much intrinsic value it is far bettor to allow a fair degree of latitude for in dividual opinion than to compel uni formity by means of legal enactment. Tho brands question has been con sidered in all its bearing* at re cent Conferences of Australasian Inspec tors of Stock, and iho present Bill, which Aras brought up last session but aliandoned through lack of time. Is with out doubt the outcome of a good deal of thought on the part of Mr. Valentine, who prcjvired it. If put in the form of advice to those whom it might concern, a great deal of tho measure might be regarded as excellent. A Government expert on brands may reasonably re commend people to alter thoir modes of marking stock, just as the Professor of Viticulture may and does offer instruction on the bost methods of pruning vines or the Intercolonial Bust Conference suggest certain varieties of rust-proof wheat. But if the force of tho law were invoked to compel uniformity the growers of wine and of wheat would properly resent such interfcreiico. In regard not only to the position but also to tho charactor of the mark to bo employed in distinguish ing .stock the proposed legislation makes undue encroachments on tho liberty of tho subject. For instance, there certainly does not seem to bo sufficient reason for prohibiting the use, in branding sheep, of all numerals hut 2, 4, 0, and 8.. Nor has the abandonment of the old established customary ' inoculation mark' become really obligatory. If the present measure should bo passed there would be three Acts on the Statute-book, all deal ing with the sarno subject and each amend ing its predecessor and introducing now complications, namely, those of 1870, 1882, and IS1.)!!. A consolidating Bill is there fore badly needed, but any new clauses should by based on the principle that individual rights and preferences aro to be respected, and that stockowncrs, as a rule, know choir own business best. Viceregal.— To-night His Excellency the Governor will attend tho Burns Commemo ration Concert to be held by the Caledonian Society in tho Town Hail. Wo arc informed that .Master Gerard Freeman Thomas, tho little grandson of liOrd lirassey, is coming over front McHjoumc to act as page to the bridegroom on the occasion of the marriage of Miss Constance Victoria IJuxton and tho Kev. Bertram Hawker at the Anglican Cathedral on July 23. This Mtxks IWruamknt.— After the ex citement caused by. the Premier's speech last week tho work of Parliament during tho present week will probably be very quiet. There are plenty of Bills for members to con sider, and there will uo doubt be a deal of. Committee work. The Legislative Council will spend a large portion of the week in deal ing with tho Council Franchise Bill. Tho Chief Secretary will of course try to screw nicmlicra up to the division point, because if the Bill is not passed soon it will, even if passed, not be operative in lime for the Council elections next year. The Brands Bill is tho only Government measure on tho Notice-paper. On Wednesday tho discu-sion on Dr. Campbell's Oaths Bill will be resumed. In the Assembly tho third reading of the Affirmations Bill comes tir3t under notice, after wliich the Northern Territory Lands Bill is to lie taken up in Committee, aud tho adjourned debates on the second reading of the Ronmark Irrigation, Lauds Boards, and Licenced Victuallers Bills may bo taken. The Early-dosing Bill still remains ac tho foot of the paper. Mr. Wood has the oppor tunity of submitting the first motiou on private monitors' day, and it is to affirm that the Government should pay retiring allowances to the widows of two Into Government officers. Mr. McDonald will pro pose that the amount of tho roads vote should bo materially increased. Two of tho Labour mcmlicrs will ask for leave to introduce Bills — Mr. McPherson for one to amend the Police Act and Mr. Houngan for one to amend the Land Values Assessment Act. Mr. Coney beer it to continue the discussion on the motiou for the reduction of the number of members of Parliament Mr. Giles will ask tho House to add several articles on wliich duty is now paid to the free-list, and the discussion as to whether tho duty should be taken off plough shares and binder-twine will bo continued. Pastoral Matters. .— A correspondent, writing from tho Charlotte Waters District, remarks:— It is a great trial to get a living in this country now. Nearly all the pastoral country is lying idle, and if not soon let it will never let, as tho rabbit is making its appear ance. Tn ftUtt Stsahku. : — Daylight «* the Semaphore anchorage on Monday morning mw three large mail steamers, representing as many nationalities, riding at anchor and pro paring for the transaction of business with the shore. The elements, however, were not very favourable for the interchange of passengers »nd goods between tho ships and the shore. A fresh breeze was blowing, and this was accompanied by a eca swell, which caused the launches to pitch about rather uncomfortably. The French Company was represented by the Amiand Behic, wliich as usual occupied the inside berth. Among her passengers are tho Governor of Now Caledonia and Commander Le Comteand staff, of thel'rench cruiserScorff. The Darmstadt, of tho German Line, was further out She is bound in the opposite direction to the Armahd Behic, having arrived from Bremen. She is tho first boat of the N.D.L. Lino to call at Albany. Succeeding boats will continue to mako Albany a port of call. Tho English nation was represented by the Cusco, of tho Orient Line. Slio anchored a loug way out. Thero are only a fair number of passengers on board. Iu addition to wool and other goods, 5he has in her cold chambers 7,000 carcasses of mutton and a quantity of beef, the port of shipment lnjing Sydney. Ship ments of frpzcu goods have recently been resumed by some of tho Companies whoso works had been temporarily closed down owing to the lov.- prices ruling iu London for frozen meat Part of the Cuzco's shipment is consigned to Colombo. During the morning the vessels at the anchorage were joined by the M.M. liner Australien, which having a case of smallpox on board was promptly quatantined. Both tho Arraand B6bic and the Darmstadt sailed again for their respective destinations on Monday. This morning the Ophir, of the Orient Line, will job tho remain ing boats at the anchorage. The Incoming Maii Steamer.— The Orient liner R.M.S. Ophir passed Cape Borda at 12.15, and is expected to reach Largs Bay about 7 o'clock this morning. .Arrival, of the M.M.S. Acstrauej*.— Tho arrival of tho French mail steamer Aus tralicn at tho Semaphore anchorage on Mon day morning was eagerly looked forward to en account of the case of smallpox which was re ported to tho Western Australian health officials by tho doctor of tho ship just as the vessel was leaving Albany last Friday. The steamer anchored shortly after half-past 10, and an hiur later the Health Officer (Dr. Toll) went off in a special launch from Largs Bay. The launch ranged alongside, and Dr. Toll communicated with the ship's surpeoa, from whom he gleaned particular* of tbo outbreak. Tho Ausiralion left Marseilles on Juno 21, Fort Said on Juno 25\. and Colombo on July 7. It was on the Kith July that the first sign of the dreaded discaso became: apparent, the patient being a fire man, on whom eruptions about the face and other parts of tho body wcro discovered. He was at ouce placed uuder treatment and completely isolated from the passengers and other members of tho crew. This occurred the day before the vessel arrived at Albany. The ciso has transpired to be modified smallpox of a mild form. There are SO pas3engors on board for all ports, of whom IS arc booked to land here. The steamer was placed in strict quarantine as soon as Dr. Toll had made his investigations, aud immediately he came ashore again he communicated with the Central Board of Health, whoso instmc tiou3 were carried out during the afternoon. It was ascertained how many of the - passen gers would go into quarantine hero, and ar rangements for their reception at Torrens Island wcro made. So far as is at present known the number of people to land ?will be fourteen, and of these five axe first-class passengers, four are secoud-dass passengers, three third-class, and the patient and an attendant make the totaL The weather, which has been marked by heavy squalls with rough sea, prevented their removal on Monday, but it is hoped that better conditions will prevail this morning. A Launch to tow tho steamer's boats containing tbo dotenus will be in readi ness at half-past 0. Tho mails were landed on Monday, after having undergone fumigation on board tho steamer and a second fumigation between the ship and the shore. The cargo will bo discharged by the crew of the steamer this morning into lifjhtera, where it will be thoroughly fumigated before being brought up the Port River. ? State Bask Moi»tgage Boxds.— The timo for tendering for the second issue of inortgago bonds of the State Bank ex pires this morning at 10 o'clock. The amount required is £30,000, and the rate of interest 3J per cent, from May 1, 1896, so that each bond carries three months' accrued interest Lease of Railway Lakd.— Tenders are again being called for the lease of tho block of land adjoiuing Messrs. J. Dunn & Co.'s old mill at Port Adelaide. Tho property is within the boundary of tho Port Adelaide .Station Yard, and on the occasion of the last tendering \vas the causa of a good doal of comment. Whether llie lease was actually accomplished appears to be a matter of some doubt, but no improvement wa* olfceted to the property, and another opportunity is now nlforded the public of obtaining the use of a couveniently situated block of land. Thb term for which tenders are' invited is twenty on«i years. ? Orrt 'Sunbeams'1 and the 'Fbesh-aih Fi'xo.'' — Am announcement made by 'Uncle Hurry'' at tbo meeting of Secretaries and leader* of 'Sunbeam' Circles last Saturday afternoon, which called forth signs of the hearties: approval, was in reference to tho help that it was intended to give to what is known throughout the United Kingdom as the ' Fresh-air Fund.' Thi* is an excellent method, originated by tho proprietor of Pear ton'* Wrtliji, for providing the ' gutter children'' of London aud other great cities with a day's outing in tbo country. Only thoso who have any idea of the shut-in lives of these little miles of humanity can imagine what it must mean to them to bo taken for a whole day auinn-st the liolds and flowers of the country. Last year the enormous number of 01,000 waifs and strays were thus treated to what to them must indeed scorn 'a glimpse of heaven.' This summer an effort was to bo inado to increase tho numbor to 100,000, and it is said that even then there will bo numbers 'left behind.' As before stated, 'Uncle Harry' announced that it was decided to send tho sum of £20 from the funds of the 'Sun- beam' Society to help in this roost worthy object. By tho kindness of the Bank of Ade laide this amount is being remitted to London free of charge, and thus tho promoters of the 'Fresh-air Fund' will in a few weeks have tho means to send about 503 poor little mites into the country. The 5.000 'Sunbeams' whoso generous contributions enable this to be done can surely wish for no better use being made of their pennies titan this. Tbs HonTTAi Trocblc.— On Thursday evening the South Australian Branch of tho British Medical Association met to consider 'important ethical matters,' which turned out to bo questions relating to the Adelaide Hospital. A number of resolutions, were passed dealing with this subject. The first was:— 'That this meeting of tho South Aus tralian Branch of the British Medical Asso ciation views the conduct of Dr. Lcith Napier and Dr. Ramsay Smith in accepting positions on tho medical staff of tho Adelaide Hospital, in tho faco of the expressed opinion of tho profession both in England and in the colony, as being highly dishonourable and unprofes sional.' Tho matter of the action of certain members in attending at the Hospital was then considered, and the following resolution was carried:— 'That this mooting further ex presses its strong disapproval of tho conduct of the so-called volunteers in their action in tho recent . Hospital crisis.' A further motion was then submitted and agreed to as follaws:— 'That this meeting strongly dis approves of Dr. Cockburn's action as a mera bor of the Association during the recent Hospital crisis, both in regard to the interests of the profession and the welfare of tho Ade laide Hospital.' A copy of the last resolution was forwarded to tho Hon. Dr. Cock burn. During the meeting one of those present sug gested that it should be adjourned so as to allow one of the members whose conduct had been disapproved, and who was present, to prepare » statement in - his own defence but the suggestion met with no support It was thought that it would not bo wise to pass any resolution binding the members as to the course of conduct to bo pursued towards the new doctors, but it was understood that the mombers wero unanimously agreed that both professionally and socially tho new arrivals from England should be ignored. The Mator's Concert.— In connection with tho invitation concert to bo given by His Worship the Mayor, Mr. C. Tucker, and tho Lady Mayoress in the Town Hall on Wednes day evening Sir Kobort Fitzherbcrt, Bart, who is visiting Adelaide, has kindly consented to play an organ solo. A London Offes tor Adelaide Pbopeb tibs. — We learn that a London Syndicate h.is offered to purchaso for cash portion . of the property belonging to the Montefiora family, and that tho visit of Mr. G. W. Hawkcs to England is partly in connection with the matter. Resignation of tiie Mayor of Hindu aksh. —At tho mooting of the Hindinarsh Town Council held on Monday cvoning the following letter was read from Mr. B. Gould, tho Mayor of Hindmarsh:— 'To tho Mombers of the Hindtnarsh Corporation.— Gentlemen— I re gret having to ask you to accept my resignation as Mayor of tho town, nnd take this oppor tunity to thank you all and the town officials for the generous as3istanco constantly rendered to me in the discbarge of my duties. — Yours faithfully. B. Gould.' Tho resignation came as a surprise to tho Council, and it was resolved to allow it to stand over until tho next meet ing. Councillor Hocking was appointed to bo Acting Mayor in tho interim. The Adelaide Hospital Doctors.— Drs. Lei tli Napier and Ramsay Smith, tin new doctors -vho have been engaged for tho Ade laide Hospital, will arrive from England by the R.-M.S. Ophir, which is expected to anchor at Largs Bay this morninp. The doctors will bo met on arrival by tho Chief Secretary. Treatment or Zixcifebous Ones. — Mr. Ernest Frederick Turner, of the Adelaide University, has lodged at tho Patent Office specification of an invention of an improved process for the treatment of zinciferous ores, and more particularly that clas3 of ores whicli contains also gold, platinum, silver, and iead. The object of the invention is to reraovo tho zinc from the ore, subsequently recovering it in metallic form, and afterwards treating the ore stuff for recovery of the lend and other metals. - . Discovert ofax Illicit Still.— On Monday evening the Inspector of Distilleries, Mr. Edward Maync, accompanied by Constable Bockmann, of North Adelaide, visited the house of an Austrian, Edward Ercggcr, situ ated in a right-of-way off John-street, near St. Peter's Cathedral. There they found a still at work and a quantity of spirit whicli had been manufactured. Inspector Maync ob tained some of the' t-ptrit, which will bo analysed, and the constable arrested Eregger, who was brought with his still to the City Watchhouse. Illness of Miss Kingston*.— The many friends of Miss Kingston, the eldost daughter of the late Sir G. ?*-. Kingston, .will regret to hear that on Monday afternoon she had a stroko of paralysis. Dr. A. A. Hamilton, who is in attendance, holds out hopes of an early recovery, but states that tho caso is serious. The Rev. Thomas Qcixtox Stow.— At Stow Memorial Church on Sunday moruiug. July 10. tho pastor, tho llov. J. Robertson, M.A., made appropriate reference to the fact that that day was the thirty-fourth anniversary of the death of iho Rev. T. Q. Stow, the firet Congregational minister in South Australia, and tho founder of tho Church which now meets in tho building erected to his memory. Mr. Robertson also read the following lines written by Mr. William Harcus, and publicly recited by Mr. Horace Dean in lSWi : — ? Not as the warrior falU 'mill lnttle cry, 'lite lieht of victory Hulling from bis eye; Triumphant shouts mingled with dying wnil Through his brain whirling, while Uiebnu* prevail, Aud uesilh (all* thick in showers of iron hnil : But as an infant on iU mother's breast He Itowetl his head and gently sunlc to rest ; Kndeil the weary strife of toil .unl |«iii, Ho.irt-iuiguUh «leeji, aud tiailv rack of l-rn!n, lie icll ankvp. and death to him was id in. Calmly the Cbrinian liitM, Softly llie Chri.-rtiaii Ho,; Karth'ri hitter trials o'er. Weary, weary uovennoie. Not like the warrior's tomb on Woody field. Wheru he xlceps coldly on lib pierced shield ; Or iu the ancient temple'* s.-uwl iiare, Where conqueror* tinu a raeetand honoured grave, And well-worn banner* o'er their luhw wavu : But iu the land where his life-work was wrought Where earnestly he laboured, prayed, and taught, We iai-l hi* poor worn body nuath the sot] Which lie with weepini: uiounuTs oft had trod. And knew tii.it huiir his noul was with his Cod. Sweet now the Christ ian's rest . l-cininu on hi.« SaviourV )-roa«t, ' ' Jvirth's painful conliict o'er, Weary, weary nevermore. Not as men honour ihoyc who bravely fall, . Defending peasaui'x hut and noble's hull ; With lofty column poiutin^ to the sky. Or chiselled inarble that may time defy. Marking the place where uurie4 heroes lie : To him we holier monument would raise, A House of (iod, a temple for His praise; That iro;n it.-t altar men may light tho torch To guide to heives ; white o'er its lofty porch Wcwrito the words— ''TheStow .Memorial Church. ** Honoured the Christiau'K name, I)eathleiu tho ChriHuin'a lame; JCirth's Kriliwuie Inborn* o'er, Weary, weary nevermore. Rouen' Weather^u* the Gulf.— Our Ship ping Reporter writes: — 'Tho weather during Sunday was about as coarse as nioteorologis'rs could predict on a glass which foil from 30*30 to 29*70 in a fow hours. The wind blow hard from north to north-west, and all arrivals on Monday reported having had bad weather out side Towards suuset tho usual preparations wore mado at the station by sending in all launches but those in absolute request, and when tho Health Oificcr was called before midnight to clear vessels -ho very properly refuted to make a start till early morning. Formerly had weather was not considered, but tho Health: Officer was never supposed to visit vessels except from sunrise to sunset. The pressure, however, which has been brought to bear on Dr. Toll induced him to visit and clear vessels at night. The gale of Sunday night was too much even for ths pliablo doctor, who refused to start out till morning light, whon ho was ready at 0.30, and carried out the duties, although tho morn ing was very wild.' The Burns Cestekabt.— The executive if the South Australian Caledonian Society have been indefatigable in their efforts to secure complete success for the Burns Cen tenary commomorativo concert to be hold in the Town Hall this evening, and all that is now necessary to ensure tho measure of suc cess commensurate with such an occasion is a largo attendance. His Excellency the Governor has xignified his intention to fraternize with tho Chief of the Society and its members, and the audience will .probably be quick to ap preciate a prograainio selected with judicious caro, meeting, as it docs, the varied tastes of a musical public. Tho Hon. J. H. Gordon, M.L.C., will orate on 'Tho Day wo Cele brate,' and in the hands of such a capable orator tho item should prove one of tho most enjoyable of the evening.' . Tho Goodwood Scotch Choir will contribute part songs, and, under the conductorship of Mr. McLellan they will no doubt. acquit themselves with their accustomed ability. The Pipers' Band will inspire, in the broasta of the Highlanders love for the memory of tho Scottish bard by rendering several airs; while a fine array of lady ' and gentleman Boloists, including the talented exponent of Scottish melodies, Mis.? Maud Harvie, of Mel bourne, will interpret various poetical songs of tbo popular poet, whoso memory h held more sacred to-day than it was one hundred years ago. Burns's works bid fair to bo green iii this memory of lovers of national song whon others of reputedly oqual fame will have faded into oblivion. In every put of the colonies great interest ha3 boon foitored in the celebrations to take place at Dumfries and all tho colonial centres, and the local commemorative concort is anticipated to bo a huge success. It is pleasing to know that a moat magnificent floral wreath has been sent to Dumfries for tho occasion by the Scottish Societies in Aus tralia. In connection with this the following message has been cabled from Adelaide :—' To Mr. Phillip Snlley, Honorary Secretary Burns Club, Dumfries. The Caledonians of South Australia send greetings to their brethren at home, and unite with thorn in spirit in laying a tribute of allection on the tomb of Scotland's immortal bard.— A. W. Saxdford, Ciiief of tho S.A. Caledonian Society. ?Joux DSCMJIOXD, Secretary.' Our Caledonian Society on Monday ovening also telegraphed the following mesuge to the Highland Society in Sydney, to bo roa:l at a ' Burns supper,' which was being held:— 'Scottish hearts in Adelaide throb in sympathy with kindred in Sydney in commemorating Scotland's greatest bard.' Another message, in tho folldwing tcrms, was forwarded to Mr. J. P.- Mega***, representing the Caledonians at Broken Hill: — 'Blither Scots in Adclaido join with you in commemorating this day tho centenary .'of ono of Scotland's greatest sons.' A telegram has also been dispatched to Mr. David i)rys dale, of Port. Augusta, congratulating and wishing ovory success to thu - Caledonian So ciety which is being formed in that towu in connection with the Burus centenary. The Obaxge Guove. — Nothing furthor has been heard of the missing barquo Orange Grovo or of tho wreckngo reported to havo been washed ashore at Cape Leuwin. It is feared, howevor, that it is only too true that tho wreckage- formed a portion of tho ill-fated barque, which consequently must have gone to the bottom with all hands on board. Acting upon tho desire of tho agent, Mr. It. Frickur, a tcicgram has boon dispatched by the Presi dent of thu Marine Board to tho Western Australian authorities, asking for further par ticulars, but up to Monday evening no reply had been received. Tho Orange Grovo was last here iu October. 1894. She was then in command uf Captain E. Atkins, who was still iu tho vessel whon she started her disastrous voyage. Captain Atkins, it is said, come from Tasmania, aud married a Queensland lady. He was well known in Tort Adelaide. When tho vessel last sailed out of Port Adelaide Captain C. Gramkio was second in command, but he since left, and his place was taken by Mr. Davidson, who was sent over from here a short timo ago by tho agents. Mr. Davidson is be lieved to be a single man. Ho acted as mate of the con vie: hulk Success on her voyage from Tort Adclaido to London. The cook wa3 the only other man on I ward who wns sent direct from Port Adelaide. Tho Orange Grovo carried as a rulo a crow of sis or seven hands besides the officers and cook. With the exception of tho t-.vo mon oont from here, the rvn»sTnd-»rof the crew worosliippcd at Albany. The State Torbsts.— The Conservator of Forests, Mr. W. Gill, met a deputation from tno Booborowio District Council on Tuesday last at tho Forest Iioserra in the Hundred of Aycrs, about seven miles from the Burnt, on the travelling-stock road, and after discussing various matters with the Councillors respect ing tho closiug of some roads aud tho setting apart of a small area for stone reserves a deci sion was arrived at which, if approved by tho Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands, will 'be satisfactory to both parties:. On tho following day the Conservator drove to Bundaleer Forest and arranged for the planting of about 30,000 trees, principally pines. At Wirrabara, also, about 25,000 pines arc baing planted, and on inspection on July 0 tho work there was found to Ik proceeding satisfactorily, as ample rains had put the laud in fjood order. Before leaving Bundaleer arrangements were made to propare for planting at Aycrs Forest Reserve iu a short time, as it is intended to put in a number of sugar-gums, which wiil be supplied by tho Bundaleer Is'uruery. On Friday the Conservator returned to Adelaide. Thk Protector.— The cruiser Protector will start on s, second cruise of a week's duration this morning. She will havo on board tho July, class of Naval Reserve men, and will steam to various parts of tho Gulf, and possibly may go outside. Hoat Washed Asiioke at Eorniumr..— On Monday tho Harbourmaster at Kdithburg dispatched tho following telegram to the Marino Board :— 'Peter Mnrdock reports boat, thirteen feet long, painted yellow, ashore four miles south Point Turton.' Thu Adelaide- Gaoi»— A largo number of applications from officials in the public service havo Ijccu received for the position of Keener of the Adelaide Gaol, which will soon became vacant by tho voluntary retirement of Mr. ?loliu llowcll. The applications havo not yet been dealt with. Mr. Howcll's successor will bo paid a salary of £2S0 a year. AnREST at Port Adeuude.— On Monday afternoon a man named David Davis, was arrested by tho police at Port Adelaide on a provisional warrant from Sydney on a charge of the larceny of fifty -four dozen silk handker chiefs, valued at £50. tho property of Messrs. H. Bull »t Co., of York-street, Sydney. Davis has previously been convicted in Mel bourno and Sydney on two charges of larceny. Tho warrant only reached the police two days ago, so that no time was lost in picking up their quarry. . Thk Usiversitt ok Adelaide.— No busi ness having ' beec received for the meeting of Senate nailed for Wednesday, July 22, tho meeting has lapsed. . The Late Mb. R. Hide.— Our Stansbury oorreapondent wrote on July 20:—' On Thursday last Mr. B. Hide, of the Dalrymple Hotel, died after a lingering illness. Mr. Hide arrived in the colony with his parents, two sisters, and a brother in 1839, having come out in the ship Ariadne. After staying about two years iu Adelaide the family settled at Noar lunga, where they stayed for about seven yeora. When the Burra Burra Mines wero attracting many people they- journeyed to Kooringa. Later they took up land at Hamilton, which at the death of tho father the deceased continued cultivating. Ho afterwards was the proprietor of tho Princo of Wales Hotel at Moonta, and from there ho removed to Kilkerran. For the past two or three years ho has been the landlord of the Dalrymple Hotel at this place. Deceased was sixty-five years old, and leaves a widow, .two sons, and three daughters.' Mkxzifj Bauossa Junction* G.M. Syndi cate. — We aro informed that Messrs. Gordon and Bright, acting on behalf of Monzies Barossa Goldmining Company, No Liability, and L. R. Mcnzies, liavo applied to the Supremo Court for and obtained nu interim order restraining the promoters of the Menzics Bara«sa Junction Goldmiuiug Syndicate from applying to tho Registrar of ? Companies for registration under the Companies Act, 1S92, of auy Company to bo incorporated under tho name Menzics Barossa Junction Goldmininjr Company, No Liability, or. any other name likely to mislead or deceive the public into tho belief, that tho Company is the same as Menzies Barossa Goldmiuing Company,. No Liability. Two StsPENxr. Masakine/).— Tho .-June number of the Wiwltor opens with tho charm ingly illustrated 'Queen Victoria's Great grandchildren,' of whom tho youngest is the Czar of Russia's littlo daughter, born in November last: The Queen's descendants of the second, third, aud fourth generations aro to bo found in most of the Royal houses of Europe, and keen is tlio interest ' that sho takes in her . twenty - two -British, German, Roumanian, Greek, and Russian great - grandchildren. 'Socialist Leaders of To-day,' with portraits, is deeply in teresting. 'Mr. Archdeacon,' a complete story by 'John Strange Winter,' keeps up tho lady's reputation for wit and humour. 'The Vulgarity of Super-refinement' is nn article that may bo profitably read by many. ' Famous Organists' will interest those who To Church repair, . . Not for the doctrine, but the music there, as Popo says. Guy Boothby keops up the in terest in 'Dr. Nikola.' The unique weekly Vanity Fair and its famous cartoonists are described, and 'The Editor's Scrap-book' is aniusin-' as usual. Altogether it is an excel lent number. In Town claims to bo tho largest sixpenny magazine in the world. 'A Cleo patra of the Boulevards' is lively reading, and so is 'Great Ctesar's Ghost' Tbore are a couple of serious articles, but on tho whole it in in lighter vein than tho Winder, much of tho space being devoted to up-to-date society pictures,' which are well executed. With 7n Town for a companion a lasy hour can be passed very comfortably. Death or ax Aboriginal.— Wo aro con stantly being majindod that the aboriginals as a jwople arc fast dying out, and it would seem that wo aro Hearing tho time wben it will be hard to find ninny of them in the moro settled parts of tho colony. On Monday afternoon a native called Nellie reported to Constablo Allen, of Goodwood, that her husband, who waa known as 'Overland Johnny,' was lying dead at their camp at Marshfiolds. The constable made enquiries and took charge of the body. Tho camp had been made up of a party of half a dozen blacks, including Tommy Walker and his lubra Mary. Overland Johnny had been ill for a long time, suffering .from consumption, and repeated efforts had boon mado to get him into tho Hospital, but he always refused to go there. Food and medi cine were found in the camp, and it would appear that the deceased had been well looked after during his illness. Tbc City Coronor has decided uot to hold an inquest. RivKirrox Local Court.— Mr. W. H. Bcnhain wrote on July 20:— 'In your paper of this dato you havo an incorrect report of proceedings at tho Riverton Court on 17th last, respecting the maintenance caso Inkstcr v. Peters. It should read. 'John Peters, of Riverton, railway employe, was charged by Barbara Ink-stor with leaving his child, Ilenry Inkstcr, without means of support. Mr. W. U. Benhaiu for complainant; Mr. W. Villenouvo Smith for defcudant. Order by consent for 5s. week and costs £3.' ' Gold— Its Ococrrenck, Extraction, and Properties.— In the abstract report of the lecture on tho above subject by Mr. S. Hughes, tho Registrar of the School of Mines, which was supplied to us, it was inadyorently stated that the English sovereign is composed of 11 parts gold and 17 copper. It should be 11 partn gold and 1 copper. Gold Discovery sear Wateiivale.— Our Watcrvale correspondent writes:— 'A dis covery of gold has been made near here. The results so far are encouraging, and it is in tended to give tho find a fair trial. When tho claim is developed and actual results known I will obtain permission to publish all particu lars ; but in the nieantirao the public are warned not to accept mere rumours.' St. Lukk's Church Okoak Fcvp. — As an nounced elsewhere, a concert in aid of St. Luke's Church Organ Fund will bo held in the Lecture Hall this ovcuing at S o'clock. 