The Disappearance of Georce Driffel By JAMES PAYN.' Chapter vil During all Hub timo I had heard nothing from Laurence, though I hnd .'written to him more than onoo, but I had had a vorylong andkind letter from Mrs. Driffeli. It wis, I think, writton partly in apology ef her ton's silence. My poor boy, "she said, "is still v.„. cast down, andoannot got orer his . disappoint ment. Mr. Gildcroy's behavior is unintelligible to mo, though Mr. Sandeman tolls me there is some sort of reason for it in connection with business matters, wbioh, as you will remember, I know little nhout. Tho shadow of my poor hue- band's disappearance is doomed, it seems to darken our lives. Laurenco taltea no intorest in anything oxcept the mill, into tho oondnot of whloh ho throws himself with marvellous cnegy. Mr. Baird writes that but for his previous ex perience with tiie head of the firm ho would have said that no man could havo a more able oondjutor. This is perhaps well, since Laurence's constant attention to affairs prevents his mind dwelling upon tho Bad oonolusfon of his lovo affair. The dear fellow has not a word to ssy against Luoy (how strange it seomB to bo thus writing of one f have never seen I), but, looking at that matter with a mother's eyo, I cannot quite forgive the girl's part in it. She oould not, of oouiBe,"havG foreseen her father's ob jection to tho match, but, hnowing his obstinate and impulsive nature, she might l:av8 warned my poor boy ngainBt the possibility of it, and not snffotod him to rnnko so oortnin of success. I think, too, ifsheliadbecnnltaohed to him with a devotion equal to liis own . she might havo mado a better fight for him." Perhaps there was some thought of her own case (though reversed) in this, but, as I have already said, I agreod with her. This idea, con- oeived by ono who had hobo of thc evidence which I had possesied to go upon, corroborated my view of Lucy's feelings quite as slrougiy as ths words that Brnidwood had let . drop about her. Mrs. Driffeli, indeed, had looked at the matter as she exptesBcd it, with a mother's eye, but also with that of a womaa, and women knew more about one unother than a man can pretend to know. Her letter ended with the in- formation that my old friend and tutor, Mr. Chorloy, was coming up to town for a few days in the ensuing week and would give mo all the Luxton news. This wes very pleannnt hearing, and I at onoo sat down to write to him, and placed what hospitality lay iti my power at tho recter'e servioo. I oould not give him n bad, for there was no epare room at my 1 edgings, but I hoped to see him, at all ovonts, to dinner at my olnb all the days ho could spare mc. He wrote in tbo kindest way, and, to my re- proaoh that I had not learned his intention to oome to town from himsolf, replied that he had been afraid it would liavo produced this very invitation i had scat to him, and that his old fashioned ways would have put me out. They were tho very ways I liked boat, as I hoped in iiis heart ho know ; nor oould any one lsnve en. tortninod a guest with more pride and pleasure, His was only a oiergyman's holiday, tho inside of a week, but I think he enjoyed it ai much as I did. His aeoount of tho inmates of tbe Hall waa but a sod one. Mrs. Driffeli wns "cheer ful "—that very bad Bnbstitate for happy — and did her best, for her son's sake, (o ooneeal her depression, bnt Mrs, Sandeman and Mrs. Gar- den, who wore hor constant visitors, thought her in very bad spirits. Laursnoe seemed to have grown ton years older, bnt the reotor thought he perceived in him tho low beginnings of eou- tout. The disappearance of Mr. Driffeli was - gradually wearing oat in the memory of the neighbors, hut in the Hall nothing of its effect had abated. It was especially kopt alive with Mr. Sandoman on account of the business whioh it was so essential to arrange when Laurence hodattained 25 years of age, but which it would bo impossible io complete while thc question of. his father's existence remained unsettled. Mrs. Driffeli would not hoar of any advantage being taken of his sevon years' absence, wbioh I ho- liero in thc oyo of law is equivalent to death. Our talk upon old times, but for this one shadow upon thorn, was delightful to mo; and it was pleasant to bss the interest whioli my old tutor took in my literary aspirations. When Friday came I think wo were both sorry that the next day was to part us from one another. He was to dine with me, ns usual, at the club. One previous oocasians I had asked other friends to moet him, but that last night we had deoided to be alone. As it turned out, this was for- tun ate. Directly he caino Into the ball I knew -that something had happened to him of a serious nature. ' Ho did not dony it when I ex pressed my sympathy. \- " Yes, Frank, something has happened. I gavo been muoh upset, but I oan say nothing about it till wo are quito alone." After dinnor, therefore, at whioh be ate hardly anything, though the cook and I had both dono our best to plonse him, instead of - going as usual to tho smoking room, wc adjourned to my own rooms. As soon as vro were alone, ovar our pipe3 and coffee, tho reotor burst out almost hysterically with his news. . " Frank, I havo scan Mr, Driffeli. If lie had said "Frank, I have seen a ghost" I should have been less surprised. " Mr. Driffeli i What, here in London? Whore i> ho ? What is ho doing with himself ? What explanation oan he po-nlbly have to givo?" " I said, Frank, that I hnd seen him, not that I bad had spocoh with him. Don't look nt me with suoh nmazoment, or yon will mnko mo doubt tho ovidenoo of my own senses." "Then you aro not quite sure you saw him "Yes I am," returnod the reotor, "or at least I was an hour ago. Every minute tho vision seems less real, less possiblo ; hut' I did Copyright soo him. I war walking up Chancery-lane towards Holborn, when ho oame out of the Lincoln's Inn gateway, and met mo face to fuce. Ho did not look a day older than when he left us. I should have had no doubt about his idontity oven if it had not bceu obvious that he recognised rue. He started back as if I had struck him, stomed about to speak, but with a great effort restrained bimseif, aud then turned back through the archway and was gons. No doubt I ought to have followed him, hut tho fact is I was too dazed, too amazed, to have tha full use of my faculties." "But nio you quite sure now, quite sure ?" I repeated, too orcrcomo with wouder, and even a kind of awe, to grasp at details. The whole story seemed, indeed, inorsdiblc, as in Taley's Evidence', whioh had recently formed part of my compulsory reading. The question occurred to mo, wee it not more likely that evidenoo (even of a elergyman of tho Church of England) should prove false than that a mirnolo should have happened ? "A little while ago I could bnvc sworn to what I have narrated to you," said tho rector. "Now I cun only say that it took place to tbo best of 'my knowledge and belief. My convic tion is that he recognised and purposely avoided me." "But did be not lock ashamed?" My thoughts had revertid to his wife and ion, and the wrung bis disnppoirance .had wrought in their lives; but siso to the high character which. the man himself had borne, aud to the kindness he bad always shown to me. His con- duot, if he bad left home designedly, as Mr. Chorlcy's scene seemed to imply ,.was well nigh incredible, "No," returned the rector, "I do not think he looked ashamed, and only for the moment confused. He must hare known, yon bsc, that a mooting with some old acquaintance must needs ocour sooner or later, and be lial prob ably ncried himself for it." This was likely enough supposing that the icotor had not been mistnkeu in bis man, but the latter alternative strand to mo the moit probable. "Shall you toll them down at Luxton what yon have eean, or . think you hare seen ?" I asked. "I shall tell Sandeman, but no one else, and him only under promise of scoreoy," he answered. "Ot course, ts I porcolto you nre thinking, I may hate been mistaken. Tbo man in quretion might havo suddenly remembered something lie had forgotton jist as ho ran up against me, and then returned in basto the way ho had come, I do nob bolieve it wis any one bat Driffcll, but I am not eo perfeotly certain of it as to sot neighbors' tongues talking about tho mntter, and especially to renew poor Mrs, DriffeH'B troubis." So it was settled; but from that momoat my lifo had an olemout of foar and trouble in it. Loudon is a largo placo, yot not so large but that men meet in it who, have no desire to do so. If Mr. Driffcll was really a denizen of it— instead of, as I had hitherto felt confidant, having left tbo world, with its troubles and its pleasures, for over— I war no lesB likely to ooma across him than tho rcotor. What » hou'd I say, what ihould I do, if this was to hapten?" Chapter VIII. It was fortunate for mo that I had now somo occupation whioh monopolised my mind and prevented it from dwelling on that dread inter view, whioh, however unlikely, might take place any day. I paid many vLsits to the offioa of tho Crescent, partly on literary business, partly with the intention of oulttvating Mr. GIcdson'B acquaintance. The more I saw of him the more Hiked him, and in a less degree I venture to think that that was also his experi ence of myself ; for In the first plaoe I was really a onpablo contributor whom ho oould trust for that punctuality and onrofulncsB which it seomed he had found to bo & rarity ; and aocondly I was what be called " a reason able being" in the taking advico witk respeot to alterations, of whioh ho had hardly any other example. As to this he would say : " The women aro the worst. Tboir MS. Is as the Ark of tho Covoaant, and to touoh it is to invoke the thunder ; if I restore the grammar that is wanting to a pa agrapb, tl.oy say : 'Now you havo spoilt everything, and des troyed what is most worth reading in my whole arkiols. ' " "But that surely is not the case with all your lady contribu'ors," I said, "tho or. o, for instauoe, who wrote The Horns Spirit in. the last number of your magazine." "Ob, you appreciated that, didyon?"hs answered. " It is very seldom that our verio is remarked upon— or indeed, is worthy of icmark." Then, to my astonishment, la a soft and gentle voice he repeated the poem : THE HOME SPIRIT. Like a sunbeam gliding over common places. About OiIb simple home of ours she moves ; IViiato'er her bands are sot unto she graces, Her duties not beneath tbe things sbo loves. Serene, unconscious ot bor porfoct sweotnoss As ono of those moss-rosos sho bath tied In clustered beauty, with some art past neatness, As born bigli-beartedness excollotn prldo. In ail things studious of another's ploasure, In all things careful for another's pain ; Inactive nover, never without leisure When ago or childhood her sweot aid would gain. If o'er, thick folded, fall the veil of sorrow, Sho boarath tip the burden to its tomb ; The lovo balm dropping, ayo, until some morrow Puttetb the tender heart again in bloom ; And now tho hush of slcknessstealstbtbroughus, A healing splrlt'mldst its sad array, So strong in hopo, siio almost saometli to us To chaso that shadow, dark and vague, away. All ! bliss to liim to whom sho shall be given I Fond heart, clear hoad, pure soul, and forms of air, Her Spirit well might cleave to it in iionv on, And meet him changeless and unangel'd there, Yos," oontinuel Mr. Glodion oritically, " I should not have romombered those lixsi had they not been above tho average." " Are you quits sure,"I remarked slyly, " that thoro wns no other reason — suoh as a personal knowledge of the yonng lady, for instauoe?" " Young lady ? How do you know sho wns young?" ho answered, sharply. "Well, there ua3a reason. - You rememlor your friend Miniver's poem ws published the mouth before, My Wish?" " Oh yes, quite well." " Then oblige mo by repeating it." No less astonishsd than before, for it was not Mr. Gledson'a way to dwell on the merits of his contributor, I did so : MY WISH. Cherry-cbeek'd, morry-eyod, Lip apart, head asido, Crown'd with thy golden hair ; Maiden, this youth of thine, Far more than war or wine, Breedetli Joy, slayetli care. Sinketh the soul awhile Undur tliy perfect smile, Brlmra'd with all lovo and grace ; Lady, for such must be All Hint are like to theo. Ne'er may tear soil that face I Ah, that my with were charm 'Gainst every mortal harm, Happy for ayo wort thou ; Nor should the hand of care Ever no much as dnro Shadow that happy brow. But if woo doth come on Even thee, pretty, one Bravo is tiiat gentle heart ; Youth may fade, beauty fly, Trutli and foro never die, Nor may pure faith depart. Safe art thou, with those three, Vulture-faced misery. Makath no common nest ; Stoopeth and then upsprings, While joy's expanded wings Fold at their sight at rest. " Tl o fact is," said Mr. GIsdson when I had finished, " that Miniver's poem produosd the young lady's." "Exoitod hor ambition, I suppose?" "Not at all, her antagonism. She dis approved of Miuirer's verses because they only dwelt upon the physical charms of their subject, and wroto her own to show whnt really should ma'co women worthy of n man's love. At ioast that is what I gathered from tho very brief conversation I had with her on the matter." "And doea Miniver know of this?" I In quired. "Noy," ho answered, smiling, "that you must find out for yourte'.f. I fear I havo boon alrenly somewhat indiscreet." There tho matter dropped, but my euriosity was arou-ad. I could got no corroboration of tho littlo romance from Miniver, who, how ever, was muoh too clever to reveal anything he wishod to conceal ; but one day, when calling at the office, who should I hco emerging from the audience chamber where the smart psoplo were rosoivod but Luoy Gilderoy, immsdiately followed by Mr. Gledson. That shs was acquaintel with him I know, for sho had been with her sister at Grasmere whon he and Braid- wood had gono to the KVios together, but nothing could account for her visiting him at the offico of the Crescent but tho fact of her being a contributor. It struok mo at onco that it was she who lial writton Tho Home Spirit, and, what was more, that Graco had been the subjeot of tho poem. Her portrait, so far aB charaotor wont, had indeed been most accurately drawn. Nnow remembered that there had of late be in illnesi in tho family— one of Mr. Parker's little children having been laid up with low fo /or— whioh no doubt had suggested certain linos in the poem. When I taxed her w th the authorship, not without many con gratulations, she almitted It atones, and yot, as it so line 1 to me, with some show of dis comfort. I expressed a hops that I had not annoyod hor by compelling the revelation, but it was evidently not that whioh caused her em barrassment ; nor, I wns sure, on account of my former tendresse for her sister, whioh she well understood I had long got over. Indeed, I apoko of Grace's marriage, whioh was to tako pin o tho following week, and asked for her opinion upon a retain wadding prcsant that was to bo despatched that very evening. She said she ti o ight it very suitable and that there was no duplioate, but in a roioa ao confussd, andindiel almost tsarful, that whon sho loft mc I felt quile misornblo about it. Was it possible that smoothing had ocourrcd whioh had mado Braid wo id appear a less desirable bride, groom than ho h&i; bcoa? This last and wont explanation of hor ooaduot, however, was proved nt once to bo groundless, since the next morning I received tho kindest letter from Grace horuolf, overflowing as it should be with happy aonfidenco in hor future. There was, howover, this singlo noie of sorrow : — "I greatly regret to say, dear Mr. Gresham, that in eonssquonoe of the serious indisposition of my father the invitations to our wedding will he confined almost exclusively to members of our rcspsotive families. There will be no ono, I am euro, whoso absence from It Richard and I will regret more than yoars, and it gives me sincere sorrow to fsol that our meeting must be poatpoaod,'tlll we havo tbo pleasure of wel coming you to our own house." I was not altogether sorry that I was thus preserved from an Introduotion to Mr. Gilderoy, wlioin I oould not forgive for hie cruel oonduot to poor Lnuronoe, whilo at the same timo this accounted for Luoy's behavior on the previous day, who, though cousalous that I was not ts be a guort at hor sister's wodding, had probably no authority for stating the faot. A few days afterwards, however, being at tho office of tho Crescent, these comforting Ideas of mino wore a good doal dispellod by a conversa tion with Mr. Glodson. "Well," ho said, when ho had nodded to me good naturodly, whioh was his usual sign of welcome, " why did wo not see you at tho wodding the othor day?" It astonisliod mo vory muoh that Mr. Gled son had keen tliors himself. Ho was not vory intimnto with ihs Braidwoods— who rather Ignorodjtko existence of the magazine— and, savo through tho two girls, know nothing of tho Gildoroys whatever, and since tho illness of Mr. Gilderoy had, In Grace's words; " oolifinod tho invitations almost oxoliislvcly to mombers of the two families," how was It that Mr. Gledson bad boon included in them? However, I could of course show no surprise on this ncoount, but only reply for my part that I had not been aakod. "Not asked?" he repeated ; "why Riohard told mo that ho hoped you would be his host man." "And who waa his beak man?" I inquirou with aomo cnrioiity. " Why, Miniver, whom I should rather have taken, from tho way io which I have heard him spoken of, ai'hls esoond best I always under stood you wsi© the moro intimate of the two." I oertainly had been, nnd I confess that I felt not a little hurt at what had happened ; I did my best, however, to affeot indifference. - " Had there been many people," I inquired, " at the wedding, and what was tho GUderoya house liko ?" "Tho house," Mr. Gledion said, "was a huge ono, with an excellent garden, on Lavender Hill. There had been a' largo gathering, but there was room for everybody. The bride had looked uncommonly well, &a;," " And the old gontieman?" I said. " \Yhat was he liko, or was he too 111 to be scon ?" "Ill, not a bit of it. He was well enough— that is, in a physical scnio— but, between you and mc, I think getting a little dotty. He gave mo tha impression of oos who bad once kadla very strong will, but whose strength had gono out of him." "It saamB, however," said I, drily, and thinking of bow he had treated Laurence, " that he can bo obstinate enough on ocoasion, and even without ocoasion." " That is possible, but I am told that hiB son- in-law, Mr. Parker, has considerable ' influence over bins, and that ho always exercises it for good. Unole Oherles, as tboy call him, is tho favorito of tho family ; ho struok mo sb being a very pleasant, olover fellow— tho life and soul of tLe business they say, and I ean well believe it. He is also a well read man ; Sirs. Parker ia a very handsome woman— handsomer oven than her sisters— and hor children very beauti ful. The ono that has been ill looks liko a littlo angel, and to seo her and tbe brido together was very touching. Sho is devoted to Aunt Grace, whom I have no doubt is deserving of all her slstor wroto of ber in ' The Home Spirit.' It is a eharaoter portrait of tho life." "I hope Braidwood will make ber a good husband," said I, with en involuntary Bigh. " I think he will. Ho is rntber too old and grave for his years, but that makes him nono tho worso matoh for her; I should not have said tho samo had he flxod his affeotions on Miss Luoy." I agreed with that, and, putting Lauronoe in the place of Braidwood, I could not help think ing that the observation would linra boon equally applicable to his oaio. Tho moro I saw of Luoy, the more I doubted hor fitness for being his wifo, and now I bogan to bgc a good deal of her, mainly at tha office, but also sometimos at Mrs. Argent's, who had boen abroad for some time and only just, returned to her London house. She had quite sympathised with me as to Mr. Gilderoy's ill-conduot to Laurence ; indeed it bad made her rather a stranger to the house before her departure to tho Continent, and I don't think she was sorry for the cxaose to be absent from Grace's wedding on that account. "Now your friend Braidwood and she are married," she said, "I hops to see a great deal of Grace ; but I no longer visit at Lavender Hill with any comfort to myss'f. I havo no patience with that old gontieman, and that's a faot." It almost seemed to me that she had some new reason for dissatisfaction with blm. "Lucy, of oouiso, I shall still toe at her sister's, but it will he a real sorrow to mo to havo so much loss of Mary's oompany— that Is, Mre. Parker— she Is suoh a swsot creature, but so devotoil to hor husband that one ean scareely aver seourc her apart from him." "But Mr. Parker is vory nice also," said I. "is ho not?" "Yes, a most agreeable person; a little old for her ono would havo thought, but thoy got on together admirably. Only he bates soeiety. It Is only with tbe greatest difficulty that ho oan bo got to dlno anywhere. Mi. Gilderoy was somothlng of a rcoluse, and in this rospoot, and this only, hiB son-in-law has done him more harm than good— that Is to suy, in the dis- oouragoment of his friends. Now his daughtor is married ho will probably soo but littlo of her, and of tbe elder Braidwoods nothing at all." From whit I had seon of this couple I did not think that the loss of their acquaintanco would bo a vory deplorable matter. Thanks to their son I had Motived one or two invitations fo to dine with them, but had derived no pleasure from tha experience. They wore essontially commonplace pooplo ; the old lady good natured onough, bat vory heavy in hand ; tho husband pompous and purse proud. One wondered how tboir son onme tobs suoh a vast improvement on the old atook ; but suoh a transformation in a generation is not uneommon, and perhaps his univsrsity eourst— whioh has usually a good effect in tho way of oulturo in suoh eases— had something to do with it. (to br continued.) 