Possessed of -the Devil. MCRDEB AND MUTILATION. SPOOKS TN LAijNCESTON. . At the inquest held on the body of the boy James Cunninjrham. of Lecarrow, Ireland, on March 9, it transpired that-the lad had been murdered by his father and brothers because " he was a little " astray " and had to done away with." The . father staled the deceased had seized him by the throat, and the family, believing the lad to be possessed of devils, battered him to death to save themselves. They declared the place to be filled with mysterious voices, fairies, devils, and hobgoblins, which Uicy endeavored to exorcise by holy water and by throwing salt over each other, The jury found that the deceased had been killed-by his father and brothers in selfdefence. Three of theifauiilyare said to be violent lunatics. - -- . '.•" » ... » . , ... * Briefly; stated, tlw abore is the home paper's account-ot the frightful occurence cabled last month, ond is a remarkable instance of tlie tenacious hold superstition still lias over the minds.of some people even -in this enlightened end jof the century. The burning of witches at-the stake, and,-the summaiy destruction of persons with -the eril eye, was common enongh a century or two ago, but that similar things can happen: now-a-d&ys;, is, fortunately for souic people,' a unique case ot atavism which physiologists may wonder at and ordinay people deplore. # * • Psychologists Will express no surprise at the peculiar manifestations alleged to have been " evil spirits " by Cuiiiiingliam's family, as scientifically tested and authenticated instances of persons becoming controlled by intelligences lother than their own are getting common enough in every quarter of the world. This altogether apart from the religious side of the cult of " spiritism "; those who &re; not at all satisfied to accept the spiritualistic doctrine having ample evidence, in their own persons, of the fact that the words and actions of individuals are, under certain conditions, "not the product of their own everyday consciousness. Every week we read of phenomena on all fours with the Cunningham case. The other day a girl in Moscow was handed over to the care of the professors because she could not enter a room witliout the pictures and ornament3 being flung abont the place by invisible hands, peculiar goings on which the girl herself was totally unable to explain away. In a Hew South Wales country town there is an atheniacated ease even more peculiar. A lady of delicate constitution and physique has only to enter a particular room in her father's honse .-at certain, times, and immediately pebbles and small rocks, apparent- from the hills at the back of the homestead, fall in noiseless showers on the tables chairs, and couches. How they get there nobody knows; it is only certain that no known human agency is responsible. Instances of this sort of thing arc innummerable. In Launceston, many Eober, respectable citizens, incapable of trickery, and not at all given to romancing, testily to. having been controlled and of seeing others controlled by intelligence outside themselves, and of having been apprised of thiags actually occurring entirely out of the normal ken of any person present in the room, the house, cir the district. Verifications of these statements may be obtained by joining any of the numerous Rcseareh Circlcs in the City. * * * The writer knows of half a dozen private citizens who may thank their stars their families arc not so saperstitious as the Cunninghams. If they were, there would be an excitable crowd rushing Mayor M'Crackan or Superintendent Scott for shelter, and the churches would -be exhorted to lfly the ghosts with all the paraphernalia : of bell Cook, and candle. Luckily^we^re begining to understand that there are some things not yet understood, and we refrain from attaching a supernatural basis to things - which after all may be traceable to a' iciTce in nature that is not yet fully discovered. ' A century ago electricity was'unknown as a natural force capable of being controlled and brought in*» the service'of mankind, yet today we have our telegraphs, telephones, motors, and a light that makes almost eternal day in this and other cities. It may happen that if the Cunninghams of the near future develop another child "possessed of spirits" and surrounded by strange voices, they will look upon him as a valuable asset, and'employ the then fully discoveredcontrolling force to run a chaff cutter or a flour mill. Which will be s bi? advance on doing the youngster to death. • ». . • » . * And where does it all lead? If any persons, are under certain conditions not' very clearly defined, controlled by occnlt agencies—letjthose agencies be. either spirits of departed friends or the intelligences of living entities in this world—there is clearly an end to all personal responsibility for any and every emotion prompting action. Who is to say that young Cunningham was not what is known as a " sensitive " in psychical circles and controlled by the same force that produces wonderful- phenomena in this very town ? And further, who is to say that the boy's murderers were not controlled by a similar force when they put him to death ? The world says they were all mad. Perhaps they were, but that is nothing more than an assertion incapables of proof, and is entitled to no more consideration than an assertion thai everybody is hypnotised by everybody else because we all act alike when we inadvertently sit down on a tin tack. It seems probable that tlie world is arriving at a point from which all knowlege wiU be measured, not by what we have learned, bnt by what we have yet to learn. With which eminently and wise remark we may as well give this interesting subject a rest. Despite the progressive character of the Maoriland Government's legislation, the trades unionists of the colony are of opinion that, as Seddon can't reign forever, they had better return some direct Labor representatives. An independent Labor party in every colony seems inevitable. Says a Maoriland exchange, concerning the volunteer war picnic at Easter:— " All Auckland is laughing at the way in which the strategy of some boys put to confusion the tactics of a formidable force of adult volunteers. The attacking party had camped at Howick, and in order to bear down upon Auckland City it meant to cross the Tarn aid river by the Panmure bridge, or to effect a landjpg on the left-hand bank by means of boats. They had boats and they had forces, but they were quite outmanoeuvred by a little strategy coming from an unexpected quarter — the St. John's College Cadets. A couple of these pre-' coeions youths discarded their nnifohns, arrayed themselves in much less attractive and much more tattered clothing, and crossed the river to the enemy's camp. In the most innocent manner they strayed into the lines, professing to look for their father's cows. They did not find them, but they got into conversation with the jostnte guards, learned the roads by which they intended to advance, and the mode of attack, and then they went again in search of their father's cows towards the river. 'They didn't find the cows, but they found the boats by which the attacking party was to cross the TamaM. There was no boat guard, and thqse juvenile spies placed on each boat a placard indicating that the boat "had been destroyed by fire at 6. o'clock that morning. Here, was a deadlock, and the fnn virtually ceased; the rival forcss could not reach each o.ther. Bynqon the §ght was practically over, and comba&nts; were out of ooiioa, 