Chips and Splinters A cholera riot baB broken out at Cairo. Tbe Moslem students have set the autho rities at defiance. Eighty large vessels laid up at New oastlo owing to tbe strike. Fire years for an embeEtling accountant at the bands of Sydney Judge Docker. Gorman Colonel Llcbcrt going to drill the Cbows. Barney Barnato pays the Pretoria prisoners' fines. What are the wheels within the wheels ? The Condong schooner and barquentine Karoola becoming total wrecks od the N .S.W. coast. The Education Bill opposed by Irith R.C. bishops. Cecil Rhodes still advancing with bis military forces. More of the Dean case. Richard Dennis Meaghcr, solicitor, to be struck off tbe Sydney roll*. Hot rolls for Dennis. The coronation ot the Cear a blood, event. Nearly 4000 killed and 1600 wounded in the riot. One of the uses of a king. Shearing commencing in Queensland. A chance for some more hospitable Both wrll mci to do us credit. Those orchardists who omit paying raten to tbe New Norfolk Road Board bv the Oth inslant will have to pay a fourth additional. Poor old Mills, who lott himself in the Wild West for seventeen days, h s been rescued after a terrible experience. He is now a hero, and his torn pants are on view at Brookes and Co.'6 warehouse, Ztehan. The Spanish authorities forestalled over tbe purchase of a couple of ironclads from tbe Genoese. How many loyalist newspipers cackM thusly en the 24th : '? It is doubt I' u whether at any previous time Qnecn Vic toria sat more firmly upon her throne than «he does to-day.' Of course not. She was never so fat as to-day. Presto. The Pope interesting himself in the affairs of (he Church of England. The release of the Pretoria prisoners livened business. Stocks going up with rapidity. (ireat lire at Liyell -N.£.J aan me own burned down. Indian troops occupying Suakim to ?einforcc tbe Anglo- Egyptian expedition. Steamer Marra Marra wrecked off Ne» Zealand. The new broom in the Victorian Rail nvay Department sweeps clean. Already t hae been discovered £28,000 can be saved on lubricating oils alone. Two carpenters living at Thargomindah (S.A.) committed suicide on Monday morning last. Art exhibition in Launccston on Wed nesday a great success. This cannot be said of tbe Catholic fair at the Albert Hall. There was no osteuation about the one, while the other was all fuss, fume, and fury. The Hon. John Henry (Honest John some people call him) ha6 given hi- im pressions on America to the Daily Tele graph. Brother Jonathan is waiting breathlessly to hear whit he says about him. Captain Strachan described bv 'The Vet' as ' a modern Priapus,' has got his knife into the Daily Telegraph, and means to make them ' sorry that he spoke.' After paying travelling expenses from America and all salaries, '? Trilby ' netted for the co. £3500 in a six week's show. Wanted a bill for the relief of our poor landed ariitocracy. They have so much of Tasmania that they know not what to do with it. Tbe owners of the isoil continue to grab and snap over the West Coast route. They might have cut a road on their own if they had been any good. Alex McCrow went into the water at Herberton (Q ) to save 'a dnwning child, and was drowned himself. A black gin saved the baby. M.U. approving ot the Governmeu1 policy of providing for the aged poor out' side the ordinary pauper lane. An (Adelaide man included his Mel bourne Cup winnings when making up his income tax returns. He web a sport ing lawyer. Airs. Bland Holt was recently pre sented by an admirer with a canary in a golden cage. They are going to have an artillery ball. Dobson still on the job with the ladies. A catchpenny policy. The French death rate has been ex ceeding the births. They ought to take a lesson from us in Hobart. There is. a substantial increase in our consolidated revenue. In Paraguay if a man steals horses or cattle and the owner wants to put him in gaol he must pay for his keep. Why it a gate post like a potato ? — Because they are both put into the ground to propogate. "Bludger" the new name for a land- lord. Terms of peace offered the Crete in- surgents. They will take a few more rounds out first. Central Board o[ Health at loggerheads with the Council. Dr. Sprotl, City Health Officer, offered the vacancy caused by the resignation of Dr. Maxwell at the hospital. Decided not to accept. Three thousand women of tli3 Rand petitioned; for the release of Uie Pretoria prisoners. Ho they did in Hobirt Town when Martiu Cash was sentenced. Same old craving for notoriety. The wisdom of not keeping hungry people waiting was displayed at the Czar's corona'.ion. Blnvin anil Fitz-inimons are going to have a set to in Ameriua,but it is postponed *in-? die. Ir you wnnt a good diuuer, tea, or break fast, go to City Luncheon Rocine, SB Eliz-Bt. PresidentJtruger the idol of the ,8 -uUi African' 'bolii'. / ' 3BJja'jmWiteh'; poi^jr hpf jvercAiflf the |mtrlotiitho( JJnClo, O -m. ; - They continue to make -preparations for war in the Transv 01. ' . ', i j ?„ ; :_ i I Gladstone is still before the wurl.l in Print. ., , . .. , . The s.8. Waikato'nenrly blew up] H Vfi' only know' how vary noailya good many of ttietn blow up then! wouldn't be too many passengers. - ;..j' .? the metropolitan drainage : scheme 'pot to be proceeded with at present. ~ Our admiral Jenies having slatei'that he would not give tbe Hobart pubs. a chance next summer. ' ??' .' Sir Fill-un has cnioved a cood old holi' day trip over tbe other side. . ? ?-? i They sent a barracker up for * month at Melbourne for speaking football lan guage rattier too freely. A few' Hero who indulge in the modoBt Tasmanian dialect somewhat indiscriminately might «s Well'] have a show. ? For the Melbourne Cup 187 horses have been entered, and for the Caulfield Cup 136. Matt Adams, an American embezzler of £10,000, was arrested in London on his way to Booth Africa. ' ' Skakspeare's birthday anniversary cele brated with some display in -England.' Muny literary lights met together and indulged in — talk. The friends of Jim Baxter, of light weight boxing fame, will be glad to bear of his success on the coast. He has given up the ring for the forge, and the merry ring of tbe anvil goes on from early morn until even. -?? ' ? That iluckery is still warlike, Talks about the ' clash of nations.' Oh Ctikoy.l They had quite a giddy concert at , Spiing bay last week. Hair from (he beads of criminal^ paupers, and dead people in Cbiua consti tute an article of export in that empire amounting to nearly £100,000 yearly. This is an interesting item for ladies and wig wearers to digest. A Turin professor, who has made micro scopic investigations of the brains of epileptics, criminals, and idiots, finds suffi cient change in structure to distinguish these from the normal brain. This would appear to confirm LornbrosoVs theory of the close relationship between crime and epi leptics. Mr. George Crosby Gilmore, MR. A., barrister, solicitor, etc. etc.. for conveying to a resident at Evandalc certain left handed compliments was fined £1 on Fri day last. Looks a* it Crosby it suffering from an attack of Purvism. The sum of i3 14,%0 was paid away in mining dividends last month. The recent disastrous cyclone which swept over St. Louis resulted in the death of .'ilO persons and serious injury to 700 others. There are co many rumors of petty wars in Europe that it is doubtful if it it not an indication of tbe beginning of the millennium. The Egyptian war vote declared illegal. Tbe late shooting affair at St. Marj'i a case of mistaken identity. Twp persons very much alike. One mistaken for tbe other. The operetta ' Klorette ' waapnduced with great success in Launceston on Mon day. For an amateur effort it was a re markable success. Another Is. dividend has been declared in the Silver Queen^6.M. Co. Who was tbe ghost of St. Mary 's church yard ? Much hospitality shown over the Go vernor's governess wedding. But who found it 1 Dr. Maxwell full up of hospital prac tice. He will be missed by many. 'What's in a nameP' A good deal when applied to candles, for OK is (be name of the best— and be sure you g«t tfcem. Frank Slavin, the boxing man who challenged Fitesimnons to a £1000 fight, has been arrested. Mr. and Mrs. Robins were killed the other day while attempting to drive ncrosB i railway line at Natimak, Victoria, in front of a train. Families with babies and families with out babies nre fiorn for each other. Mr. Barney Barnato has promised to pay several of the .£2000 fines imposed on the Pretoria prisoners. The Central Board of Health is taking up very warmly the abbatoirs trouble in Launceston, and is much in censed at the dismissal of Mr. Bushman, tbe sanitary officer. Another attempt is being made to raise the gold from the sunken steamer Cathertun. Lord Chas. Neville, of Lord Brasseye's staff, fell in the hunting field and was seriously injured. Something like five millions lost in tho St. Louis cyclone. A conundrum for 'Arobd.' Turn-Dawg : Can his Independent One- man Labor Party mean a party who desires to b* in dependent of labor P Please don't laugh, but send round the .hat. The niggers on Raitea have hoisted tbe Union Jack in defiance of the tri color : but we can't have all we want on this earth. Shipowners and agents much put out ovpt tbe coal strike. They are not so put out as the men, who are starving all round. Much distress in Sydney from lack of work ; many starving. Graham D. Miller, formerly an accoun tant in the Metropolitan Coal Co , has been sentenced to livn years' penal ser vitude for embezzlement. The Rev. George Da.ni«l, .i Wesleyan minister well known in Tasmania, was found dend in a railway carriage on the WJiiltleaea. line, Vic, on Saturday morn ing last. His death was caused through suffocation, a piece of meat having stuck in liis tluoat. All flesh ie not glass. Hi; tliat buys lmid buys many stones, Ho Hint buys incut Wye many bones, Ho thai huys efrgs buys many shells, TlioeewhobuyMjigicSotipwiiulnoUiiiig else ; A costly job s JSlr Julian Salomon*' Mr. H»yd«}jbarri*£E,K8Belved-i715, in connection with thtDean*^8' 1 Georgo h. GA»llp»n,Ji6imR manager and treasurer of the -Sydney Lyceum Theatre; i ia s*id*o Wine of tha tt«ift to Mr. John Good-anLa»y,whq|wa8 mur- dered last ApriTin WWleohapel, London. JKO,OQ0 is.thp amount *f $be unexpeoted windfall. '' ' :~' ' '. i .Wedtralia Smpor'twg.feirls from Eng-. land. 'More lack' of Tlsmanian enter prise. ?:?'?? ?' '?'' ??' ? A notorious criminal named Butler1 has been arrested by Melbourne debeC' i..»AB AM Duonirtfnn aF fiAintr ..AAnnarned in recent robberies underarm?. : Since 1880 Butler has been awarded (sentences ag gregating 40. He matWhis flrst appear knee before the bench when K child of thirteen and was awarded tweltne months imprisonment on a charge of vagranoy, 'Tis Eaid that the Deril lalw&ys; looks after his own bairns, which was well ex-. emplified fit the late fire at ZeehaB, fora pious firm of drapers got bjirned out., whilst n 'lively' hadnt oven a' blister raised on tbe paint of his outside walla. .Irjou want a mod (upper go to Citj bnnobeqn Rooms, 8p E)if a.betb -«(reet. The Zeahau Hospital bas a , record number of patients m.that .institution at present. As the income for the up keep is slender, and most of the inmatqs are miners or connected with mining, surely legal managers and directors, living in Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide, fif (nines in this district have o'nly to be made aware of the abovs fact ind they will send along a donation. : The British Ambassador, Marquis ot Dufferin and Ava, at Paris, retires. BuBBian Nihilist* aver they kept aloof from disturbing the coronation to give royalty a chanoe of reform R&wei;, the Maori Missionary, is doing England. It's good to be a missionary. The English Derby has no fascination for the members of the House of Com mons. They don't adjourn on tbe race day. A Johnny of a olerk awaiting his tors ' at the Bank of N.S.W., Melbourne, to pay in £46 wasn't given a show. The money was annexed by somebody else. American Senate advocates the estab lishment of Parts of Mercy for foreign vessel*. War being reduced to a mini mum. Knitter's executive averse to treating tbe prisoners with clemenoy. Evidently the bribery did not reach them. America is the richest and poorest country upon earth. Proposed to establish a local Chamber of Commerce and Mines at Zeehan. Queensland 'sands to Leicester io ex hibit at the agricultural show. By the way what has become of old Jouhert ? The late James Oammack, of Christ - lOiiimh. N.Z.. has left a Dot of monev foi libraries and educational purposes. Almost everybody has a desire to travel and SEE the world. Bach tidy housewife likes to si:k her house clean. O.K. Candles and sosp will enable her to do so. Thirteen women obtained mathematical honors at Cambridge University. IV Devil's number is thirteen. Questionable whether any new coal leafef be granted in K.S.W. for a quarter of a century. Tbe rush for hind in Nen- South Wales going on with unabUcd activity. John Dandes, a Greek, committed sui cide in Brisbane. Alleged cause : Being kfoked on the head by a policeman; There (s going to be a kick up in Crete, rurkey sends thirty-five battailions of troops there. Out of evil cometh good. A nevy wing U- the Johannesburg hospital to be erected out of a feeling of gratitude for the clemency fhown to the prisoners. If thejnew man-woman comes to the front he— ihe — no, H — will have to wear trousers. Mies Greenwood, daughter of a Victorian farmer, was caught byherdresi in chaff-cutting machinery, and terribly mangled. The dresses at the Government Ou?e governess' wedding eulogised as though they clad angeU inttead of ? ahem I Mrs. Kruger has been takeu seriously ill. Disgusted with her old man. Mercantile Bank to pay 2s. in the £1 at a divvy. All the metals in Tasmania are mixei. So are 'he people — very much so. (jassiety twaddle. The Muckery culled the late governess' travelling dress her ' going away gown.' Bai jove deah boy ! Himalaya Tasmani&n; apples selling at St. lid. in London. liven the dogs in Hobart streets are be ginning to howl politics. There is no trouble in making a road to the West Coast. But whose land shall it go by ? Town Boards Conference going it lemons this week. Pretty dry hash, hut trying big things. Australian bardwond for street paviug coming into notice in England at Padding ton Vestry. A crisis predicted when the House meets. It will fhock the world probably Marking sheep with tar causes great troublcto the ppinnms. Thoughtlessness in one place giving loss to another. Nob-wly ever heard of Kruger until a day or t ivo ago. Now if he cuts bis finger it is telegraphed throughout the world. .The inhumanity of Thomas Verity, who leftihip mate to die by the roadside, com mented upen by the jury. It is estimated that in London 16:1,000 families live each in a single room. Talk of the Chinese after this. It ib also stated that her gnvcious if she hasn't tho sn me number of rooms, she at least possesses for bar own singular use space enough to accommodate oomfortably all the families alluded to. God save tbe Queen. lr you want a plate of soup, any hour of tho day, ko to the City Luncheon. Rooms, 85 ]'Jlizub6tU-strcct. 