CRUMBS THAT FELL FROM THE BANQUET TABLE. Five hundred men, mostly arrayed i:i dress suits and armed with axes that warned vrindini, sat down at the railway b.mq'.iet on Monday night. T.ie mo^t noticeable feature of the •e:Uortainment was the utter abs nee of the working- man element. Mayor AEacdonuld had carefully weeded out anything and everything likely to prove hostile to Sir John the Promiser. , Petty clerks, drapers' assistants, and hangers o-i of the "'fat man,'" were strongly in evidence, but the bono,fide working ciasses were not admitted within the sacred portals of the "grand shivoo." This was quite proper and correct Who are the workingcla.ssesthat their wants should be considered ? Who are they that they should be allowed to rub ur> against beings so exalted as Mayor Macdonald and John of Perth ? It is nearly time that the populace realised the fact that they are only here to pay the taxes, open up the country, carry the burdens and make the country great; the honor, the fruits and the fat go to great men, intellectual giants like Mayor Macdonald and Sir John Forrest. It is the old problem worked out under a new guise, the same equal (?) distribution of the good things of life. The crowd who made Coolgardie what it is stood in the, streets in the darkness of the night and waited, whilst the friends of the Forrests laid violent hands upon the ham" and chicken, and laid waste the wine and whisky department. 'iihe Governor made a speech that was remarkable for its patriotism and bad taste. He talked of Berritish pluck and Berritish enterprise and and Bwrritish money until the ears of his auditors fairly ached. He said that the French and the German and the Dutch were unsuccessful as colonists and could not be compared with the men of his own little Island and he was having a good time to himself until a mild voiced man wanted to know something about the several hidings the Dutchmen in Africa had given the Berritish and another equally impertinent party interjected that a precious biij portion of Coolgardie capital was not Berritish at all but came from France and Germany. Seeing that there were a large number of foreign guests at the banquet, His Excellency miuht have dispensed with a lot of his patriotic utterances and his remarks would have gained in good taste what they would have lost in verbosity. Sir John Forrest's speech was an able one. He has learnt .1 lot during the last couple of years. But his mainstay even now is his remarkable ability as a promiser. His extreme fecundity in this respect might be classed as rabbitarian. We bad to coin that word because no single sentence*at present existing in the English language would cover the wants of the case. He did not talk of what he hud done. He was too wise for,that, but he lifted his voice until the huge hall rang with its echo and told what he intended to do. The people cheered like sehoolboys let loose « r hen he'told tli em that he meant to extend the niihvay to every import- 1 benefits thin-r thit ^cv thipg threw to his hearers, scattering benefits ? with a prodiuali^ lii^ wis altiiofcf wanton. 1*Jt thr/jox Ttfrained.' from* * telling his auditors ' //<-// he intended to give us our ne v members. He-did noi tell thetu k-to • to give u . WorJs flowed from hi$ li;)S in a boundless stream, but froth and« bubble formed the major pirjt f ther»eof. - He did not tell ihat listening (tJwd of * enthusiasts that he had promised mpre members fur the- fitijd long mouths' _ ago, and was no .nearer a in March, .1896, than he was 1S95. But there was some exc&se;^OT; Sir John, lie looked along a r;ea of• faces, and he saw men cheering his eyery utterance as if they loved him as a man and a brother, ano he knew thatthose. same men had /bpeii ;hG\yl-v:^ ihg for h's downfall oniv a le^y xiays s prior to his arrival. .Therefore he threw them windy promises, and laughed in their very teeth ; (or ^pr ^ John there is some excuse. He is a- politician, a:id c!ap t ap ..and flap- ; doodle is his trade. For those who maligned him . behind his back and fawned upon him to hi#*£ice we have nothing but contempt. * ; v Mr. Moran, the member for Yilgarn, caused a sensation by the bold and clever fight he made at thejj.vnquet for h's rights as the member for thjs district. He had been ignored by the Mayor, slighted by the Premier, and neglected by the committee. He was not placed upon the toast list nor invited in any way to take a part in the festivities of the time. This was a gratuitous insult and one which the Irish-Australian felt bitterly and resented boldly. He appeared at the dining table like the ghost of Banquo at the ancient banquet hall, and the crowd recognised that the man had been slighted, and that the district, through him, had been insulted by the Mayor of the town, and they demanded in ringing tones that Jtforan be heard, and verily Moran was heard. White with suppressed rage and trembling with indignation, the member for Yilgarn arose, and in language - that fairiy blistered he waded into -the Mayor; he indulged \in no coarse invective, no unseemly ebullitions of temper ; but in a fearless, manly style he threw back upon the Premier and the Mayor the ridicule and contempt they had tried to heap upon him. Never since he ha. held office has Mr Moran, M.P., shown to such excellent advantage as when he stood an uninvited speaker, surrounded by hostile Ministers, ignored by the Premier of his country, and insulted by the Chief Magistrate of the principal town in the district he represented in Parliament, and his bold showing on that occasion will go far towards returning him to Parliament when the next elections come on; for by their rudeness, stupidity, and want of tact th^^g^ves Moran a chance to show what nranher of man he is under difficulties, apiiv gave some at least of his constituents an opportunity of comparing him with other W. A. politicians, and the comparison was decidedly in his favor. Mr. A. A. Naumann provided the great surprise of the evening. He responded to the toast of "The Mining- Industry" in a speech which was not only sound and logical, but possessed ' all the elements of true oratory is a big future as a public mm the brilliant young \^ce-Presii|i|| the Chamber of Mines and Mr. George Deafe^^^ Opposition, in %ep!r "The Ministry," home on the P^ej shaven face,1iaffl edges off any iioftl lurk in his ieg5T voice and j ^'pij a trick ojf mouth's^ l>e \- - ' r lend^ ai spice to his discourse. The difference betweenGeorge Ixake and John Forrest is very marked. Leak pieces his adversaries with rapier-like neatness. Forrest hits his man with a jagged slab of rhetoric like unto a broken sapling. The Warden's reception was the best accorded to any man at the banquet. The whole hall rose and cheered Mr. Finnerty in a manner that must have made his Irish heart beat high. It was a tribute to his long and stainless career that any man might have felt proud of. Mr Keith when proposing the health of the ladies, threw off a little impromptu tribute to the fair sex. We know it was impromptu because Mr. Keith did not tell us how many weeks he had been hatching it. Some of the harmless little jokes introduced into that speech were original, anyway they belonged to the Keith family. A great great grandparent of Mr. Keith's brought them out to the colonies in the early days of the settlement and it is no fault of Mr. Keith if they have grown familiar to us by long and dear association. Councillor Gregory responded for the ladies and started in by unsexing himself and referring to himself as one of the dear girls and received numerous invitations from those present to fix appointments. One drunk who was lying halfway through the window volunteered the information that "'e mi^ht be taking Councillor Gregory for an old woman but he'd be damned if he'd have him at any price as a younj lady. A visitor from Perth, in a dress suit and dirty manners, amused himself dunnv thj evening with a number of alleged jokes at the expense of various speakers. The aforesaid jokes wtre evidently family heirlooms which the gentleman's father probably brought out from the old country with him chained to his ley. 