[J ecus in Bmef. Brief then-What's the news.-Kij*G JOHN There are at present a good number of vacaut houses in town, which ia not a sign of progress. The Park-committee at last Council-meet ing decided that no stock should be taken in for agistment. Haze]ton School will re-open on Monday, February 3. Miss Wiley has been spending her holidays at Auckland, N.Z. Mr Edmond Sandoz left for Sydney on Monday afternoon, having received a tele gram that his father was dangerously ill. Rev Father Hayes had not been enjoying robust health of late. The recent hot weather has proved very enervating to him. Senr-Constable Crawley, brother to Mrs. W. C. Barker, of Windsor, has been pro moted to the position of Sergeant at Nowra. Mr. F. W. Kaiser, late of Laughtondale (Hawkesbury River), and North Bourke Public-schools, has been appointed to Nyngan. The tender of H. Vale and Sons has been accepted for the supply of cast-iron cylinders and bracings for the Windsor Bridge: £998 10/. Mr. Burfitt, B-A., who has had a re markably successful University career, has been spending a few weeks in Windsor with Mr. J. Holland. Mr. Elliott Kennedy has now sufficiently recovered to enter upon his duties as Dis trict and Supreme Court Bailiff, after a long and painful illness. Owing to the very hot weather, and the danger arising therefrom, the attendances of children at the district Public-schools this week have been very small. The Xmas Carols which were repeated at St. Matthew's Church on Sunday last were much appreciated by those present. There was a good attendance on the occa sion. Several mischievous urchins early in the week interfered with and removed one of the buoys placed on the river by Mr. G. M. Pitt, as a survey mark. These larrikin tricks deserve punishment. Mr. Frank Rodda has secured a month's holiday, and has gone away to Wellington for a spell. With a trio of kindred sports he intends to put in 10 days of the time fishing and shooting on the Hawkesbury. In several parts of the district, the maize crops are failing for want of rain, and much of it is now past recovery. Last year it was the floods, now it is the drought. Truly, the farmers' living is a precarious one. The clearing of the road from Pitt Town Common to Kenthurst is now nearing com pletion, but it will require a good deal of further expenditure before it will be safe for vehicular traffic. The road is being cleared half-a-chain wide only. Dog owners who have not registered their canines had better keep their weather eye on the policeman when they see that esteemed personage approaching, as it is said that some police-court cases are likely to come on shortly. The Secretary of the Swimming Club was unable to secure a brass band in the Hawkeabury district. Something like half a-dozen of these concerns are supposed to be in existence, yet not one was able to take the offer to play for the Carnival on Thurs day afternoon last. Some consternation was caused in town on Monday evening by the circulation i of a report to the effect that a well-known resident's little son could not be found, it being suspected that he wa8 bathing and had been drowned. He turned up later on however, having been for a swim "on his own." The waterworks engineer has been kept going almost day and night of late, in order that the town supply, upon which has been a very heavy drain during the week, might be kept going. A nice time the townspeople would have had this summer had they had to depend upon the old water-cask system of supply, let some of them grumble still. The excessive heat of Monday last killed hundreds of birds in the bush. In many parts of the district they dropped dead from ! the trees, stricken with the sun, Many! domesticated birds also yielded up the ghost through the same cause, and much feminine weeping and wailing was caused by the death of a favourite canary, or a '«joey" j which had been recognised aspart and parcel oi the family for many years, j Mrs. D. Holland has been away, spend ing a week or two at Manly. The next local District Court will be held on February 4 ; plaints by 22nd inBt. Mr. W. Cameron is the new teacher at the local Superior Public-school, in place of Mr. Edmunds. Mr George Woodhill, ot Richmond, with his usual thougbtfulne8s, has donated a silver butter-diah as a trophy to the Swim ming Club. No definite information is to hand as to when the work on the Windsor Bridge will be commenced. Many idle hands are awaiting a few weeks' work. Honey-raisers report that the bees have done remarkably well this season. Mr. W. C. Barker intends to extract next week, and expects to have a good return. Mr. J. D. Smith has returned from his holiday tour to Tasmania. He says he had a very pleasant time over there, the climate being much milder than ours. Mr Cleeve, who is relieving Mr A Gates, tbe Windsor C.P.S.-the latter having gone on a holiday for a month to New Zealand with his wife-is a son of the P.M. at Penrith. The local Volunteer Fire Brigade is now fully equipped with sufficient appliances to play three directions at one time, should such be necessary. A new stand-pipe has been secured. We have heard of one man on the Corn wallis who has offered three acres of potatoes to any person who will dig them and give tbe owner one ton of potatoes oat of them. The crop must be a poor one. The annual meeting of the local Volun teer Fire Brigade will be held on Monday, 27th, when election of officers, &c.;, for current year will take place. The Brigade could do with a few more members at present. ^ Mr. P. Kemp, of Lower Portland, pulled the first ripe corn this season on the Haw kesbury, last Friday. It was grown from seed procured from America by Mr. Frank Rodda, and was planted at the same time as the maize ordinarily used. A number of looal storekeepers posted notices in their windows intimating that their premises would be closed on Thurs day from one o'clock. It is a great pity they could not arrive at some mutual ar rangement to close one day in every week at one o'clock. Mr. White, fruitgrower, of the Black town itoad, had several cases of Japanese plums stolen from his orchard one night last week. The thieves got safely away. What with dry weather, sparrows, sneak thieves, and other pests, the fruitgrower has a lively time of it. One of the members of the Swimming Club last Monday night was seized with violent cramps after leaving the water, and medical attendance had to be called, and the sufferer conveyed to his home. He was very ill for some time, but is now able to resume his duties again. Some people are eternally growling about the dullness of things in old Windsor, but the fact of the matter is that the residents themselves are responsible, for there isn't enough spirit in some of them-unless tbey get it on the cheap-to fill a thimble. Windsor itself is right enough-for its dullness a section of the residents are directly responsible. His many friends will be sorry to learn that Mr. J. Edmunds, who for some con siderable time has acted as Assistant Teacher at the local Superior Public school, has been transferred to Prospect. But, as the removal means promotion which Mr. Edmunds has been entitled to, and has been expecting, for some time the change is to be welcomed, rather than regretted. It is high time that something was done to clear away the scrub around Newtown, for should a bush fire come that way with a strong wind, it would be impossible to save a number of dwellings from being burned to the ground. Had a strong wind in that direction sprung up last week, nothing could have stopped the fire at Clydesdale and Fairy Farm from coming right into the town. Mr. C. E. Broome, head teacher at the Windsor Superior Public-school, returned from Tasmania last week and resumed duties on Monday last. Mr Broome had a most enjoyable time down in the tight little island. On Boxing-day, when Hawkesbury people were broiling in the sun watching the carnival, Mr Broome was in Bnow-clad country on a high Tasmanian mountain The temperature there during week was down to 40 degrees, and would be most welcome in our owp district just now. The half-yearly meeting of the Pitt Town Dairy Company is to be held on Friday, January 31. The annual meeting of the Hawkesbury Race Club will be held at the Race-course on Monday next. Mr llr.t ry Fipg takes charge of his new hotel at Lady Robinson's Beach, on Mon day next, 20tb inst. The McGrath's Hill Raoe Club will hold their next meeting on the Box Hill course on Saturday, 25th instant. Dr. and Mrs. Fiaschi and family paid a visit to their Tizzanna Vineyard at Sack ville this week. A good vintage it expected. Marsden Park H. and I. Society's show opens on Saturday next, 25th instant, and will remain open on the following Monday. This Friday afternoon, at the Royal Ex change Hotel, Mr. W. Gosper will submit to auction Henry Robinson's farm at Free man's Reach, Miss Bremner, late of Pitt Town Settle ment Public school, has been appointed to Rockdale, and left for that place on Wednesday last. Alderman J. J. Fitzpatrick, one of the three outgoing Aldermen, announces his candidature for South Ward. No opposi tion is yet spoken of. Mrs J J Paine, Mayoress of Windsor, who has been staying at Manly, during the hot weather, 'has been rather seriously ill, but is rapidly recovering. Mr. McCauley had a slight breeze with the Bench on Tuesday when they refused to allow costs in a dismissed case of gate lifting on New Year's Eve. Mrs Ewing has sent along a specimen of the grasshoppers which have proved such a plague of late in the Molong district. It looks somewhat like an infant alligator with wings. The Government cannot grant any money towards the Windsor School of Arts im provement fund. The only thing left is to raise the cash or raze the building. Which will it be. One farmer of considerable experience estimates that last Monday's heat alone was sufficient to reduce the yield in the maize crop by at least 25 per cent, by killing the tassel and the young cob. The Church of England steamer ex cursion to Wiseman's Ferry takes place next Tuesday, which has been proclaimed a public holiday. A band, under Mr J Tout's conductorship, has been secured. A " snap-shot" picture of Hon W Walker, M.L.C., appeared in last week's issue of " The Elector." It is not known whether the victim intends to proceed against that very readable journal for libelling his countenance. Mr. Charley Lillas writes from Barraba, saying that the country up there is pretty dry, and that much as people growl about it, Windsor compares favourably with any other place he has seen. Yes, one may travel far and not run up against many better places than the Hawkesbury. Hon W Walker and the Savings Bank Trustees were kept busy on Saturday paying over interest to depositors. During 1895 the deposits at the bank were raised from £34,528 18/4 to £40,889 11/5-an increase of £6,360 12/1. Looks as though there wag still some money in the district, eh ? Mr. H. Clements has made a number of complaints to the local Council about a stagnant pool of water that remains in-front of his premises at the corner of George and Catherine-streets, partly under the culvert. The fall is not sufficient to carry the water away if the culvert becomes in the smallest way chocked. Such a pool is contamina ting and likely to breed disease. Farmers from Pitt Town way, and others who do tLeir loading at Mulgrave station, complain that they are unable to get a ladder at the station. One has been there for a number of years, but of late it has been al together unsafe tp use, and though appli cation has been made to the Commissioners for a new one, none is forthcoming. Per haps when some person is killed by a fall, a new ladder will be supplied. The attention of the police is called to the fearfully bad language used nightly by a host of local lads who bathe from the beach at Mr. J. Gough's farm, opposite the river reserve. They are not members of the Swimming-club, but are merely ani mated nuisances from all quarters of the town. Ladies cannot venture within half a-mile of the river reserve these hot nights without having their ears assailed by out bursts of foul language. Some decent-sized fish are being caught in the Hawkesbury about Sackviile just now. Tramps in search of harvesting work, are pretty numerous in the district just now. Tenders have been called for a timber emergency punt for use at Lower Port land. Dr Hozier, late of Windsor, went to Japan in the same boat that carried Hob J H Want. A district fruitgrower is said to have cleared only iod per case on his oranges this season, though prices and crops were good. Leo, one of the N.S.W. swimmers, was the first man to swim the measured mile on the river, having done a trial trip on Sunday last. It is more than likely that Mr G M Pitt, junr, will be appointed to value the land in this district, for the purposes of Assessment under the Land-Tax. A good man, too. Mr Arthur Laws (late of Riverstone), is reported to be seriously ill in West Aus tralia with typhoid fever and congestion of the lungs. His recovery is said to be almost impossible. On Saturday afternoon Mrs O'Brien, mother of Messrs John and W H O'Brien, burst a blood vessel. She has been in a very low state since, and at times her con dition has been most critical. The ladies-married and single-who attended the meeting on Tuesday to form a Swimming Club, did not uphold the reputation which the fair sex enjoys. They could not be prevailed upon to talk at all. Strange, but true. A rumor has been widely circulated to the effect that the murderer executed in Melbourne the other day was identical with a well-known Windsor figure of a few years ago, but, as far as can be ascer tained, there is no justification for the rumor. " Von Bentzen, the quack doctor, left town last week, to the chagrin of quite a number of business folk who have been ' left.'-Windsor and Richmond GAZETTE. The Parramatta folk who were also ' left,' may now selfishly rejoice.-" Cumberland Times." The chairman of the Wilberforce Settle ment Board of Control has received an intimation from the Minister for Lands to the effect that the sum of £500 from the 1895 vote has been placed to the credit of the Board for the general improvement of the settlement. The Pitt Town Village Setrlement Public-school was re-opened on Monday by Mr Benuett, with an attendance of between 50 and 60 children. What a falling-off, from something over aoo, to 50 odd. The heat was intense inside, and a steak could have been cooked on the roof. The Captain and Lieutenant who have been conducting the services of the Salva tion Army in Windsor for some time left last week. Their places were filled on Saturday by two male officers. Windsor appears to be a rather hungry place for the Army, who do much more food than some people seem to be aware of. Hon W Walker, M.L.C., of the local School Board, has received an official letter stating that, on the ground of econ omy, no expenditure in the direction of effecting improvements at the Windsor Superior Public-school can be incurred at present. Tenders were called, but it would appear that the prices for the work were too high. A local man went round to a " friend's" house with a tumbler and a bottle of whisky on New Year's Eve, knocked at the front door, and was surprised when the proprietor came out with a rush and landed him, bottle and all, in the gutter. A scrimmage resulted, and some little blood was spilled. The houseowner ex plained that he " thought the visit an insult, as he was able to pay for his own whisky when he wanted it." A district farmer, who bought a young bull down the South Coast recently, managed to get it consigned by rail to a station not a hundred miles from Windsor as a cow (rate, 3d per mile). When it arrived, the railway authorities discovered that the " cow" was a " bull," and re fused to deliver it until an extra 28s (the rate for such an animal being ?d per mile) was paid. The farmer demurred, Ql course! but eventually ca$hog 