'WBM THE WORLD \- WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. Br MISS BRADDON, Author of ' Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Dudley's Secret,' 'WyHard'a Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c.;,&c.; \ [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Chapter XIV. — (Continued.) The taste for masquerading was a fashion of the time, as much as combing a periwig or flirting a fan. While Rochester was planning a trick upon the citizen Lady Fareham was whispering to De Malfort under cover of the fiddles, which were playing an Italian pazzernano, a dance beloved by Marguerite of Navarre, who danced to that music with her royal brother-in-law, in one of the sumptuous ballets at Saint Cloud. ? Why Bhould they be disappointed of thsir ghost,' said Hyacinth; 'when it would be bo easy for me to dress up as the nun and scare them all 1 This white satin gown' of mine, with a few yards of white lawn arranged on lny head and shoulders ? ' ' Ah, but you have not the lawn at hand to night or your woman to arrange yoitr head,' interjected De Malfort quickly. /'It would be a capital joke; but it-must be '?for another occasion and choicer company. ' The rabbit you have to-night is not worth it. Besides, there is Rochester, who i3 past-master in dis guises and would smoke you .at a glance. Let me arrange it some night before the end of the Bummer — when there is a waning moon. It ?Were a pity the thing were done ill.' ' Will you really plan a party for me and let me api-ear to them on the stroke of 1,- with my face whitened ? I have as Blender a shape as most women.' 'There is no such sylph in London.' 'And I can make myself look ethereal. Will you draw tho nun's habit for ine .and I will give your picture to Lewin to copy V '1 will do more. I will get you a real habit.' 'But there are no nuns so white as the ghost.' . 'True, but you may rely upon me. The nun'a robes shall be there, the phosphorus, the blue fire, aud a selection of the choicest com pany to tremble at you. Leave the whole business to my care. It will amuee me to plan bo exquisite a jest for so lovely a jester. ' He bent down to kiss her hand till his fore bead almoat touched bur knee, and in tliu few moments that passed before he raised it she heard him laughing softly to himself as if with irrepressible delight. ^ 'What a child you tiro,' she said, ' to be 60 pleased with such a folly !' 'What children we both are, Hyacinth. My sweet soul,, let us always he childish and find pleasure in follies. Life is such a poor thing that if we had leisure to appraisw its value we should have a contagion of suicide that would number more deaths than the plague. Indeed the wonder is not that .any man slitmld commit fdo c(r: sc, but that so ! many of us should take the trouble to live.' Lady Sarah received tiicm at the landing Btage with au escort of fops and fine ladies, and the festival promised to be a success. There was a better 6upper raid more wiue than people expected from her ladyship ; and after supper a good many of tho.se who pretended to have come to Bee the ghost wandered off in couples to saunter along tin* willow-shaded bank, while only the more earnest spirits were content to wait ai;d watch and listen in the creat vaulted hall, but with no light but the moon, which sent a flood of silver through the high Gothic window, from which every vestige of glass had long vanished. There were stqnb^bi'nohes along the two side walls and Lady Saf a,h'*s pre voy ance had secured cushions or carpets for her guests to sit upon aud here the superstitious sat in patient weari ness, Angela among them, with Denzil still at her side, scornful of credulous folly, but loving to be with her he adored. Lady Fareham had been tempted out of doors by Do Malfort to look at the moonlight on the river and had not returned. Rochester and his crew had also vanished directly after supper and for company Angela had on her left hand Mr. Dubbin, far advanced in' liquor and trembling at every breath of summer wind that fluttered the ivy round the ruined window and at every shadow that moved upon the. moonlit wall. His wife was on the other side of the hall, whispering with Lady Sarah and both so deep in a court scandal — in which 'tho K' and ' the D' recurred very often — that they had almost forgotten the purpose of that moonlit sitting. Suddenly in the distance there sounded & long shrill wailing, as of a soul in agony, whereupon Mr. Dubbin, after clinging wildly to Angela and being somewhat roughly flung aside by Denzil, collapsed altogether and rolled upon the ground. 'Lady Euphemia,' cried Mrs. Townsend, a young lady who bad been sitting next the obnoxious citizen, 'be pleased to look after your drunken husband. If you take the low bred sot into company you should at least charge yourself with the care of his manners.' The damsel had started to her feet and in dignantly snatched_ her satin petticoat from contact with the citizen's porpoiso figure. 'I hate mixed company,' sbe told Angela, 'and old maids who marry tallow-chandlers. If a woman of rank marries a shopkeeper eho ought never to be allowed west of Temple Bar.' The young lady was no believer in ghosts, but others of the company were too scared for words. All had risen and were staring in the direction whence that dismal shriek had come. A trick, perhaps, since anybody with strong lungs— dairymaid or cowboy— could shriek. They all wanted to see something, a real mani festation of the supernatural. The unearthly sound was repeated and the next moment a shape, vague, in flowing white garments, rushed through the great window and crossed the halJ, followed by three other chapes in dark loose Yobes with hooded heads ; one carried a rope, another a pickaxe, the third a trowel and a hod of mortar. They crossed the hall with .flying footsteps — shadow-like — the pale shape in distracted flight, the dark shapes pursuing, and came to a stop close against the wall, which had been cleared by the affrighted assembly, scattering as if the king of terrors had appeared among them— yet with fascinated eyes fixed on those fearaoine figures. 'It is lib© nun herself J' cried Lady Sarah, :m^;^J0^.\\-^ V;; -?,-.?.?? ??V.,-.;;'.v.-.j-. ?????? i , ?-'?' apprehension, and triumph contending inTier agitated : spirits; lor it was surely a feather in her ladyship's cap to have produced such a phantasm&l-traiaf; at her party. *' The nun and her txecutkmere \' : ;. - The company fell back from the ghostly troop, recoiling till they were all clustered against the opposite wall, leaving a clear space in front of the spectres, whence they looked on, shuddering at the tragedy of the erring sister's fate repeated in dumb 6how. The white-robed figure knelt and grovelled at the feet of those hooded executioners. One seized and bound her with strange phantasmal action, unlike the movements of living creatures, and another smote the wall with a pickaxe that maderio sound, while the third waited with his trowel and mortar. It was a gruesome sight to. those who knew the story — a grue some, yet an enjoyable spectacle'; since, as Lady Sarah's friends had not had the pleasure of knowing tho sinning sister in flesh, they watched this ghostly representation of her sufferings with as keen an interest as they would have felt had they been privileged to see Claud Duval swing at Tyburn. The person most terrified by this ghastly show was the only one who had the hardihood to tackle the performers. This was Mr. Dubbin, who sat on the ground watching the shadowy figures, sobered by fear, and his shrewd city senses gradually returning to a brain bemused by Burgusidy. 'Look at her boots!' he cried suddenly, scrambling to his feet and pointing to the nun, who in sprawling and writhing at tho feet ot her executioner had revealed more leg and foot than .were consistent with her spectral whiteness., ' 'She wears yafter boots, as sub stantial as ' any ''slips leather among the com pany. I'll swear to them yaller boots.' A chorus of laughter followed, this attack — laughter which found a smothered echo among the ghosts. The spell was broken ; disillusion followed the exquisite thrill of fear ; and all Lady Sarah's male visitors made a rush upon upon the guilty nun. The loose white robe was stripped off and little Jerry' Sp.ivinger, gentleman joc'i:, famous oa the Heath and .it Doncaster, stood revealed, in his shirt and breeches and those yellow riding-boots which he rarely exchanged for a more courtly clias sure. The monks bustled out of their disguise were Rochester, Masaroon, and Lady Sarah's young brother, George Saddiugton. ' From my Lord Rochester I expect nothing hut pothouso buffoonery, but I take it vastly ill on your part, George, to join in making me a laughing-stock,' remonstrated Lady Sarah. ' Indeed, sister, you havo to thank his light-headed lordship for giving a spirited end to your assembly. Could you conceive how preposterous you -and your frienda looked sitting against the walls, mute as stock-iish, and suggesting nothing but a Quakers' meet ing,., you would make us your lowest curtsey and thank .us kindly for having helped you out of a dilemma.' Lady Sarah, who was too much of a woman of the world to quarrel Beriously with a Court favorite, f dried the fan with which she had buen cooling her indignation and tapped young 'Wihnot playfully on that oval cheek where the beard had scarce begun to grow. ' Thou art the most incorrigible wretoh of thy years in London,' she said, 'and it is impossible to help being angry with thee or to belli forgiving thee.' The sauntercra on the willow-shadcwed banks catno strolling in. Lady Farcham's cornets and fiddles sounded a march in Alceste, and the party broke up in laughter and good turn pur, Mr. Dubbin being much coinpH mmiled upon his in having detected Spavinger's boots. 'I ought to know 'em, 'he answered rue fully. ''I lost a hundred roeggs on him Toosday sennight at Windsor races, and I had time to take tho pattern of them boots while he was crawling in a bad third. Chapter XV.— Falcon and Bovk. 'Has your ladyship any commands for Paris?' Lord Fs.reha.ra asked one August afternoon, when the gliO3t party at MUlbauk was almost forgotten amid a succession of entertainments on land and river; a fortnight at Epsom to drink the waters; aud a fort night at Tunbridgo — where the Queen and court where spending the clo3e of summer — to warn away the bad effects of Epsom chaly beates with a regimen of Kentish sulphur. If nobody at either resort drank deeper of the medicinal springs than Hvacinth— who had ordered her physician to order her that treat ment — the risk of harm or the possibility of benefit was of the smallest. But at Epsom there had been a good deal of gay company and a greater liberty of manners than in London; for, indued, as Rochester assured Lady Farchara, ' the freedom of Epsom allowed almost nothing to be scandalous.' And at Tunbridg'e there were dances by torch light on the common. 'And at the worst,' Lady Fareham told her friends, ' a fortnight or so at the wells helps to shorten the summer.' It was the middle of August when they went back to Fareham House, hot dry weather, and London seemed to be living on the Thames, so thick was the throng of boats going up and down the river, so that with an afternoon tide running up it seemed as if barges, Infers, and wherries, were moving in one solid block into tho sunset sky. De Malfort had been attached to her lady ship's party at Epsom and atTunbridge Wells. He had his own lodgings, but seldom occupied them, except in that period between 4 or 5 in the morning and 2 in the afternoon, which Rochester and he , called night. His days were passed chiefly in attendance upon Lady Farehara— singing and playing, fetching and carrying, combing her favorite spaniel with the same ivorv pocket-comb that arranged his own waterfall curls; or reading a French romance to her, or teaching her the newest game at cards, or the last dancing- step im ported from Fontainebleau or St. Cloud, or some new grace or fashion in dancing, the holding of the hand lower or higher ; the latest manner of passaging in a bransle or a car/into, as performed by the French king and Madame Heuriette, the two finest dancers in France ; Condt5, once bo famous for his dancing, now appearing in those gay scenes but seldom. 'Have you any commands for Paris, Hya cinth '''repeated Lord Fareham, his wife being for the moment too surprised to answer him. 'Or have you, sister? I am starting for France to-morrow. I shall ride to Dover — lying a night at Sittingbourne, perhaps— and cross by the packet that goes twice a week to Calais. ' Paris ! And pray, my lord, what business takes you to Paris V' ' Tfiere is a great collection of books to be sold there next week. The library of your old admirer, Nicolas Fouquet, whom you knew in ^'?sriS'^'l..!'^:.' ' ' his splendor but who has been a prisoner at Pjgnerolforayear*ni3anaif.'i- ? ; ?? '???'- ''.:?£' Poor wretch/' dried ! De Malfort,- 'I wasjat. the Chamber - with. Madame dfe '33Bvigne ? verjf ? of ton during his long tedious trial. Mofl Died; what courage, what talarit he showed in defending himself. Every safeguard of the law' was violated in order to silence him and prove him guilty; his papers seized in his, absence, no friend or servant allowed to protect his interest, no inventory taken — documents- suppressed that might have served for his de fence, forgeries inserted by his foes. He had an implacable enemy and he the highest in the land. He was a scapegoat in the past and had to answer for a system of plunder that made Mazarin the richest man in France.' ' I don't wonder that Louis was angry with a servant who had the insolence to entertain his majesty with a splendor that surpassed his own,' said Lady Fareham, 'I should like to have been at those fetes at Vaux. But although Fareham talks so lightly of travelling to Paris to choose a few dusty books, he has always discouraged me from going there tosecold friends and my own house — which I grieve to think of — abandoned to the carelessness of servants.' „ 'Dearest, the cleverest woman in the world canuot.be in two places at once, and it rams to me you have ever had your days here so full of agreeable engagements that you have hardly seriously desired to leave London,' answered Fareham, with his grave smile. 'To leave London — no! But there have been long moping months in Oxfordshire when it would have been a relief to change the scene.' 'Then, indeed, had 3tou' been very earnest in wanting such a change I am sure you would iiave taken it. I have never forbidden your going to Paris nor refused to accompany you there. You may go with me to-morrow if you can be ready.' ' Which you know I cannot or you would scarce make so liberal au olYer.' ' Tres chere, you ate pleased to be petulant. But I repeat my question, Is thera anything you want at Paris ?' 'Anything? A million things! Every thing ! But they are things which you would not bo able to choose— except, perhaps, some of the new lace. I might trust you to buy that, though I'll wager you will bring me a hideous pattern — and some white Cyprus powder — and a piece of the ash-colored velvet madame wore last winter. I have friends who can choose for you, if I write to them ; and you will have to bring tho goods and sec limy suffer no harm on the voyage. And you can' go to the ~Rue de Touraine and see whether my servants are keeping the house in tolerable order.' 'With your ladyship's permission I will lodge there while I am in Paris, which will be but long enough to attend the sale of books and see some old friends. If I am detained it will lie by finding my friends but of town and having to make a journev to see them. I shall not go beyond Fontainebleau at furthest.' 'Dear Fontaiuebleau ! It is of all French palaqes my favorite. I always envy Diane of Poriiers having her cypher emblazoned ? all over that lovely gallery— Hfinri and Diane! Diane and Henri ! Ah, me !' 'You envy her a kind of notoriety which I do not covet for my wife !' 'You always tako one 'aupiedde.la lettre;' but seriously, Madame de Breze was an honest woman compared with the lady who lodges by the Holbein Gate.' ' I admit that sin wears a bolder front than it did in tho last century. Angela, can I find nothing for you in Paris ?' ' No ; I thank your lordship. You and 6ister are both so generous to me that I have lost the capacity to wish for anything.' ' And as Lewin crosses the Channel three or four times a year, I doubt we positively have the Paris fashions as soon as the Parisians themselves,' added Hyacinth. 'That is an agreeable hallucination with which Englishwomen have ever comforted themselves for not being French,' said De Malfort, who sat lolling azainst the marble balustrade, nursing the guitar on which he had been playing when Fareham interrupted their noontide idleness ; 'but your ladyship may Ix; sure that London milliners are ever a twelve month in the rear of Paris fashions. It is not that they do not see the new mode. They see it and think it hideous; and it takes a year to teach them that it is the one perfect style possible.' 'I was not thinking of kerchiefs or petti coats,1' said Fareham. 'You are a book -lover, sister, like myself. Can I bring you no books you wish for ?' 'If there were a new comedy by Moliere ; but I fear it is wrong to read him sinco in his late play performed before the king at Ver sailles ho is so cruel an enemy to our church.' ' A foe only to hypocrites and pretenders, Angola. I will bring you his 'Tartuife,' if it is printed ; or still better, 'Le Misanthrope, ' which I am told is the finest comedy that was ever written ; and the latest romance, in twenty volumes or so, by one of those lady authors Hyacinth so admires ; but which . I own to finding as tedious as the divine Orinda's verses.' 'Yon can jeer at that poor lady's poetry, yet take pleasure in such balderdash as' Hudi bras.' ' I love wit, dearest ; though I am not witty; But as for your Princess de Cleves, I find her ineffa'Jy dulL' ' That is because you do not take the trouble to discover for whom the characters are meant. You lack the key to the imbroglio,' said his wife, with a superior air. 'I do not care for a book that is a series of enigmas. Don Quixote needs no such guess work. Shakespere's characters nro painted not from tho petty models of yesterday and ?to-day, hut from mankind in every age and every climate. Moliere's and Calderon's personages stand on as solid a basis. In less than half a century your 'Grand Cyrus' will be insufferable jargon.' 'Notmoreso than your 'Hamlet' or 'Othello.' Shake8pere was but kept in fashion during the late king's reign because his majesty loved him— and will soon bo forgotten now that wo have so many gayer and brisker dramatists.' 'AVhoever quotes Shakespere nowadays?' asked Lady Sarah Tewkesbury, who had been showing a rustic niece the beauties of the river, as seen from Fareham House. 'Even Mr. Taylor, whose sermons bristle with elegant allusions, never points one of his passionate climaxes with a Shakesperian line. And yet there are some very fine lines in ' Hamlet ' and 'Maebeth,' which would scarce sound amiss from the pulpit, ' added her ladyship condescend ingly. ' I have read all the plays, some of them twice over. And I doubt that though Shakespere cannot hold the stage in our more enlightened age and will Jjo less and less acted as tho towns grow more refined, his works will always be tasted' by scholars; among whom; in my modest way, I dare reckon my self,' ? ?: . ,; ,.;. ...'???..??' C' V ??::,.] : ?''£'.?-; /Lc*d Pareham loft -London* on horseback with -ijufr. one Bervaut in the early August dawn before the rest of the household were stirring. Hyacinth lay nearly as late of a morning as Henrietta Maria, whom Charles used^ sometimes to reproach for not being up in time for the noonday office at her own chapel. Lady Fareham had not Queen Catherine's fervor, who was often at mass at 7 o'clock; bu't she did usually contrive to be present at high mass at the queen's chapel, and this was the beginning of her day. While for Angela and her niece and nephew the day was old at noon. They had spent hours xm the river, or in tho meadows at Chiswick, or on Putney Heath, ever glad to escape from the great overgrown city, which was now licking- up every stretch of green sward and every flowery hedgerow west of St. James's street. Soon there would - be no country between the Haymarket and ' the Pillars of Hercules.' Denzil sometimes enjoyed the privilege of accompanying Angela, 'children, and the gouvernante on these rural expeditions by the great waterway, and on these occasions ho and Angela would each tako an oar aud row the boat ;for some part of the voyage, while the watermen rested, aud in this manner Angela, instructed by Sir Denzil, considerably ad vanced her powtr as an oarswoman. It was' an exercise she loved, as indeed she loved all out-of-door exercises, from riding with hawlcs aud hounds to battledore aud shuttlecock. But most of all, perhaps, she loved tho river and the rhythmical dip of oars in the fresh morning air, when every curve of the fertile shores seemed to reveal new beauty. It had been a hot, dry summer and the grass in the parks was burnt to a dull brown, had, indeed, almost ceased to bo grass, whiiu the atmosphere in town had a fiery taste and wa3 heavy with the dust which whitened all the roadways and which the faintest breath of wind dispersed Here oa the flowing tide there was coolness, and the long rank grass upon those low sedgy shores was still green. . Lady Fareham supported the August heats sitting on her terrace, with a cluster of friends about her and her musicians aud singing- boys grouped in tho distance, ready to perform at her bidding ; but Henrietta and her brother were tired of that luxurious repose and would urge their aunt to assitt in a river exjwdition. Tho gouvernante was fat and lazy and good tempered, had attended upon Henrietta from babyhood and always did as she was told. 'Her ladyship says I must have some clever person instead of Prisciila before 1 am a year older,' Henriette told her aunt ; ' but I have promised poor old Prissy to hate her con sumedly.' Angela and Denzil laughed as they rowed past the ruined abbey, seen dimly across the low water-meadow, where cows of the same color were ali lying in the same attitude, chew ing the cud. *' I think Mr. Spavinger's trick miist have cured your sister's fine friends of all belief in ghosts,' he said. 'I doubt they would be as ready to believe — or to pretend to believe — to-morrow,' answered Angela. 'They think of nothing from morning till nigiit but how to amuse themselves ; and when every pleasure has been exhausted I suppose fear comes in as a form of entertainment and they want the shock of seeing a ghost.' ' There have been no more midnight parties since Lady Sarah's assembly, I think ?' 'Not among people of quality, perhaps; but there have been citizens' parties. I heard Monsieur De Malfort telling my sister about a supper given by a wealthy wine-cooper's l:vdy from Aldeisgate. The city people copy every thing that their superiBrs wear or do. 'Even to their morals,' said DenziL ''Twere happy if the so-called superiors would remember that and upon what a fertile ground they sow the seed of new vices. It is like the importation of a now weed or a new insect, which, begrimiing with an accident, tnay end m ruined crops and famine.' Without deliberate disobedience to her husband, Lady Fareham made the best use of her time during his absence in Paris. The public theatres had not yet reopened after tho horror of the plague. Whitehall was a desert, the king and his chief following being at Tun bridge. It was the dullest season of the year, and recrudescence of the contagion in the low lying towns along the Thames— Deptford. Greenwich, and the neighborhood— together with some isolated cases in London, made people more serious than usual, despite of the so-called victory over the Dutch, which, although a mixed benefit, was celebrated piously by a day of general thanksgiving. Hyacinth, disgusted at the dulness of the town, was for ordering her coaches and retiring to Chjiton. 'It is mortal dull at the Abbey,' she said, 'but at least we have the hawks and breezy hills to ride over instead of this sickly city atmosphere, which to my nostrils smells of the pestilence.' Henri do Malfort argued against such a retreat. 'It were a deliberate suicide,' he said. 'London, when everybody has left— all the bodies we count worthy to live, par example — is a more delightful place than you can ima gine. There are a host of vulgar amusements which you would not dare to visit when your friends are in town and which are ten times as amusing as the pleasures you know by heart. Have you ever been to the Bear Garden ? Til warrant you no, though 'tis but across the river at Bankside. We'll go there this afternoon if you like and see how the common people taste life. Then there are the gardens at Islington. There are mountebanks and palmists .and fortune-tellers who will frighten you out of your wits for a shilling. There's a man at CJerkenwell, a jeweller's journeyman from Venice, who pretends to practice the transmutation of metals and to make gold. He squeezed hundreds out of that old miser Denham, who was afraid to prose cute him for imposture lest all London should laugh at his own credulity and applaud the. cheat. And you have not seen tho Italian puppet-play, which is vastly entertaining. I could find you novelty and amusement for a month.' 'Find anything new, even if it fails to amuse me I am sick of everything I know.' ' And then there is our midnight party at Millbank, the ghost party, at which you are to frighten your dearest friends out of their poor little wits.' 'Most of my dearest friends are in the country.' 'Kay, there is a. Lady Lucretia Topham, whom I know you hate ; and Lady Sarah and the DubbinB are still in Covent Garden.' 'I will have no Dubbin— a toping wretch— ' and she is a too incongruous mixture, with her * II Edinburgh lingo and her Whitehall arrogance, -Si Besides, the whole notion of a mock ghost wau Vl vulgarised by Wilmot's foolery, who ought to c *Jj have been born a Baltimbauque and spent -^ his life in a fair. No, I have abandoned the _M scheme.' ' . ss ' What, after I have been taxing my inven- ,'J| tion to produce the most terrible illusion that 'M was ever witnessed ? Will you let a clown liko , * Spavinger— a well-known stable-boy— baulk u& ~\$ of our triumph ? I am sending to Paris for a *J powder to burn in a corner of the room, which S will throw the ghastliest pallor upon your 'ff countenance. When I devise a ghost i,t shall -|| be no impromptu spectre in yellow riding. £§ boots, but a vision so awful — so true an imago ~^ of a being returned from the dead— that the _ -| stoutest nerves will thrill and tremble at? thb ?% apparition. The nun's habit is .coming fiom ^ Paris. I Lave asked my cousin Madame de * *Sj Fiesque to obtain it for me at the Carmelites.' v^ ' You are taking a vast deal of trouble. % But what kind of an assembly can we muster *i at this dead season J' ? ' , * j ' Leave all in my hands. I will find you ^ some of the choicest spirits. It is to be my \ mrty. I will not even tell you what nip lit I ' fix upon till all is ready. So make no engage- -. ments for your evenings and tell nobody ] anything. :' ' Who invented that powder ?' ' -*, ' A French chemist. He has it of all colors and can flood a 6cene in golden light, or the rose of dawn, or the crimson of sunset, or s, pale silvery blueness that you woujd swear was moonshine. It has been used in all the court ballet*. I saw madamo once look as ghastly as death itself and all the court seized with terror. They had burnt the wrong powder, which cast _ a greenish tint over the faces and her long thin features had a look of . : ? death. It seemed the forecast of an early S grave, and some of us shuddered as a(,a pro- . -t phecy of evil.' ' . - .;'£ 'You might expect the worst in her case, , ' :-'-? knowing the wretched life Bhe leads with; ' SS; monsieur.' ? : . ^ ? , ? : -. J-|1 'Yes, wnen she is with him; but that is -P^ not always. There are compensations.' ? ': %| 'If j-ou mean scandal I will not hear. ai i ss§ word. She is adorable. The most sympathetic? '^ person I know — good even to her enemies— : ' '??-\'-^ who are legion.' . '?$ ' You had better not eay that, for I doubt 'M she has only one kind of enemy.' ?-? ^ 'As how?' ;2 ' The admirers she has encouraged and dis- 7i,'! appointed. Yes, Bhe is adorable, wofully thin, -,;: and I fear consumptive, but royal and adorable, ? ri 'douceur ct lumicrc,' as Bossuet calls her. But '- '*j to return to my ghost party.' . ' ?'-$ ' If you were wise you would abandon tho :4 notion. I doubt that in spite of your powders ? your friends will never believe in a ghost.' '.A 'Oh, yes, they will. It shall be my business j to get them in the proper temper.' ,| That idea of figuring in a picturesque habit .i| and fin a halo of churchyard light was irre- ,?'-'$ sistible. Hyacinth promised to conform to -\s| Malfort's plans and to lie ready to assume her '^ phantom role whenever she was called upon. -,-fl Angela knew something of the scheme and ,'| that there was to be another assembly at .-^| Millbank. but her sister had not invited her to ' -3 assist in it, and had seemed disclined to talk ../ of it in her presence, a curious reticence in one :? whose sentiments and caprices were usually given to the world at largo with perfect freedom. For once in her life Hyacinth had a secret air and checked herself suddenly in the midst of her light babble at a look from De Malfort, who had urged her to keep her sister out of their midnight party. 'I pledge my honor that there shall bo nothing to offend,' he told her, 'but I hope to have the wittiest coxcombs in London and we want no prudes to strangle the jest in their , * throats with a long-drawn lip and an alarmed ' \ eye. Your sister has a pale fritillense pretti- '?[ ness which pleases an eye satiated with the , ?'; exuberant charms of your Rubens and Titian women; but she is not handsome enough to . '?'= give herself airs, and she is a little inclined ^ that way. By the faith of a gentleman I have ~ suffered scowls from her that I would scarce : have endured from Barbara.' ' '.* 'Barbara! You are vastly free with her ?':?:? ladyship'6 nanfe.' .. .;?''?? 'Not freer than she has ever been with tier ' :ij friendship.' ' v. S 'Henri, if I thought ? ' : ^ ' What, dearest ?' - ,; ^ 'That you had ever cared for that--r . ' j| wanton ? ' ' . i Ji£ 'Could you think it when you know my life '???^i in England has been one long tragedy of loving ' ' -^ in vain— of sighing only to be denied— of secret :^ tears — ajid public submission.' , ]-§ ' Do not talk so,' she exclaimed, starting up ?-? J?i from her low tabouret and moving hastily to ?? .,| the open window to fresh air and sunshine, ?'??3 rippling river, and blue sky, escaping from an I atmosphere that had become feverish. ;| 'De Malfort, you know I must not. listen to v foolish raptures. . .* ' I know you have been refusing to hear for :-i the last two years.' ,j They were on the terrace now, she leaning I on the broad marble balustrade, he standing i beside her and all the traffic of London moving ' ~\ i with the tide below them. 4; 'To return to our party,' she said, in a il ighter tone, for that spurt of jealousy had v .1^ betrayed her into seriousness. 'It will be -*| very awkward not to invite my sistef to go :?s with me.' .. ;-3S ' ' If you did she would refuse, belike, for she S| is under Fareham's thumb; and he disapproves ' 1$& of everything human.' ?? - '38 'Under Fareham's thumb! What; non* : v^ sense ! Indeed I must invite her. She would - 'M think it so strange to be omitted.' . j -'-^M 'Not if you manage things cleverly.; .The ^ party is to be a surprise. You cantell'h.er '^1 next morning you knew nothing about it be* 'JM forehand.' , ' ? j .. ?jT-|| ' But she will hear me order the bum— «t . '-'7M wUlseeflia^tftrt.' ? e .. ? .?:?& ; '- *? 'ThacevnO. be no barge. I shall carry, you \ toMillbank in my coach after your evening's V entertainment, wherever that may be.' 'I had better take my own carriage at least jprittV cbjuifc' . 1 . . *' You can have a chair if you are too prudish : to uselny poach, but it shall be got for you at the moment. ' We wotft have your own chair men and links to chatter and betray you before ypa ha«e played the ghost. Remember, you come to nay party not as a guest but as a per \- former. B they ask why Lady Fareham is absent I shall say you refused to take part in our foolery.' '?**Oh, you must invent some better excuse. They will never believe anything rational of me. Say I was disappointed of a hat or a V roantua. 'Well, it shall be as you wish. Angela is apt to be tiresome. I hate a disap proving carriage, even in a younger sister.' Angela was puzzled by Hyacinth s demeanor. A want of frankness in one so frank by nature aroused her fears. She was puzzled and anxious and longed for Fareham's return, lest bis-giddy-pated wife should be guilty of some innocent indiscretion that niigh t vex him. 'Ob, if she but valued him at his just worth she would value his opinion second only to the approval of conscience,' sbo thought Badly, ever regretful of her sister's too obvious in difference towards so kind a husband. [To be continued.) 