Baptism. TO THE BDITOlt. Sir,— Wm. Coventry has boon anxious lo havo Clnlstlan UaplUm dcflneil ; not that he iimls »uch deflnllli.n fur hlm^clt, for he Is evidently satisfied that fmmcislon is the iino test ot nn obedient believer, nnd that no obedient beliuver can to salaried ns to his own hope In tho gospel unless he be ' dinned.' He says Christian Baptism Is Immersion, iml quotes Ilom.'vl., to prove it; but that Brand chapter no more prdve-s ' illpplng' thnii It docs sprinkling To bo crucl ll.il with Christ, 'to- to burled with Him, to to raised with Him, nml to In planted into Him : — Sprink ling is ns true nnd apposite a symbol of any or nil these things n» 'dipping.' The sticklers for tho old rlluil said ' yo cannot be s^ved unlcfK yo arc circumcised nccordlng to the law of Moses.' Our modern clrcnm cislonlsU would fain penunde believers that they cannot bu savol unless they are ' dipped,' because If. they are not' dipped they nro disobedient to the law. of Christ, and therefore under condemnation, nnd ennnot have any »atl(fnelory hopo In the gospel until they are. Thus doc* W.O. nnd all his fraternity rodncn Christ's gospel law ot liberty to nn nbsurvnnceof carnal unllnances, which, to carry out according to the most ancient usnge of which we have any his tnrlcal nccount, the sul.ject ..f bipiUm must go Into tlio water naked or It had no efficacy. And wi' nro askcil to^believe on such autho rities Hint the 3,000 convcited on the day of Pentecost were baptised In thU Indecent manner, and thnt PhuI thus baptised Lydia nnd her household .' Hut why need there ha nny ' dipping ' at all. Tho AimmIIcs ns Jews wore used to many modes of baptism (Hob. Ix., 10). Would tliey not us* that which wm most convenient, so long ns it cxpresjcd tho thing sliinilleil— namely. Ui to Mspnratcd, to be- washed, to be- sanctified, to ho made saints and of the household ot faith .' That iho mode ot using the water wn* not. tlio most important thing in it in evident (Acts .xlx., 1-7) from the question of tlio npostlu Paul to Apjllo* and others, ' Did yareculvo the Holy Ohoat when ye believed ,'' They answered that they bad not so mucu ns ncnrii ol nun ; uuiiw **? nno necessary to initiate tlu'in Into the name c.f the Fiiiber, S m And llnly Ghost, the great foundation trulh ot Christianity. Tho use of tho water Itself was nothing. It was Iho truth In connection with tho rite that was psicntlul which tho Holy Ghnat mndo use of and blcsml. nnd si we tlnd the llaptisti prophecy fulfilled (Matt. Ill . 2) IIo shall Inpiluc you with the Holy Ghost and with flri ; nl-o Clirtst'ii prornlso (Murk x., S!) i J'llin xlv , 'Jii ) Ohilsls own uso of wntor eoiillrms the uld euicnionlul usage, whero to clean-uh. part was uiulvalont to cleansing the wholu! John xlll.. 1 ami 13-' Peter willh toHlui.Thou shalt never wn»h my feet. Jesus answered If I wash thee not thou hast no part with me.' Christ prayed that his disciples might bo nunclillcd through the truth, Indicating the truth by saving' thy word Is truth.' The apostle 1'iul aavs that Christ clcnnwd his Chnren by tho wnshlng of water with tho word ; nnd tho npostlo Peter, that believers nro begotten or born again iiimmrh llio word of 'lod which livoth nnd Mdiith for ever; and Christ, that except yo is born of water and the spirit ye cannot ?nt.T the kingdom ot Ood. ' Now, W. O. nnd his ainfmr* say It is the vatcr the material medium, which Is the co iporatlve denser anil sanctlller. Christ says t is Hod's wnnl. All tho churches agreo in the onu baptism, namely, the baptism of tlio Holy Ghost. But these persons who nrrngato lo themselves the title o! tho Church of Dhrlst say that that in not the nn« baptism j Iha ono baptism Is ?? dip|ilng,' und nil Quakers an.\ Salvationists, wTio neither 'dip' nor sprinkle, and all Ihool her man made churches who sprinkle nro disobeying the command of Christ, and In so doing they havo no latlifaciory hope in tho gospel. If these zealous proselytising brethren would spend their Mai In cndonvorlug to bring lost sinners lo Iho Saviour they would do more good than harrying ? and worrying weak believers In other c burr-lies ; at least, so thinks ono who U satisfied as to his hope In tho gospel, and nlso with his baptism, al though ho was only sprinkled when an in fant by a minister of tho CltUHCIt OF EVOLAXD, Sulphur Creek, 