r ^HS SIlL^ 01!'- SIDNEY. . Br J.'D/fiENNE^SSEY, 4tu(hor of ' The Dis-Honoirable,' ' Wjwflum.', ... ; ' An Australian Rush .Track,' etc,)., f All Eights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXTTI. The Second Peal op She Bells. ' This will never do,' 1 heard the doctor say. ' He will either ' sink through exhaustion or go . raving mad, unless in some way hie spirit can be . Subjugated and quietened.' ' Mark Gunnery, ' he called, out, ' you are an an' grateful fool. Here am I taking infinite pairis and no end of personal risk, to pull you through, and instead of . submitting yourself to iry; guidance as .your medical man you excite yourself so that all . your pianis aic liuaiiuLuu, miu my enoris made 01 tlO aVail.' ' Doctor,' I said, ' don't bully mn. Did you . hear that last scream ?'' ' What do you. mean ?' he asked. Then I explained to him as well as I could ' what I had heard. ' You're a bii lightheaded,' he said. ' Tell me Hrhat had you for breakfast ?' I had but very littie, and I told him so. He Went into the other room at that, and 1 heard him beating up an egg, and presently he came in with a tumbler of egg and brandy. ' Drink this,' he said, ' and compose yourself, , and rest a little ; Jts.jiist gpipg to chime the ithree-quarterR— I think we had better talk a bit.' I But my hepd fell lack on' the cushions again ; thejhammer was rising to chime the three-quarters, And I was again seized by the^same remarkable feeling of conscious unconsciousness. , The hammer struck the first chime, and im. '/mediately all other' senses seemed 1 svallbwed up in that of sight. /Phe. doctor avers that my eyes were closed, so that what follows mtist have been a Series of images that were reflected on the brain. £ siw— saw as never before, and as I never in this life expect to see again. It was spirit sight Why I should see 6Uch things in that hotr of -extremity and apphehension I cannot surmise. What suggested the recurrence o/E these vivid images 1 cannot t'elll'I have thought about it until i-rain-weary with the thinking. So that 1 make Bo effort to explain, or to suggest an explanation. In most vivid hues ;and . distinct detail, there Dow swept before my , vision a. succession of scenes associated with my early life ;!but many of which I had no recollection of, . and no key to,, although I felt assured that they were somehow Associated With my history. , Other scenes, however, I readily recognised ; each seeming to mark an epoch in ihy life. A Bummer's day in harvest' tiipe appeared ; the day upon which I first lemeniber meeting Violet' in the meadow lands by the Golton River. The detkil of the scene, as it rose before ,iue in; that quiet room was amazing. The different shades of green in a clump of alders, the . white 1 pebbles, ,whtere the shallow river at Col ton. ford sparkled and -eddied in the noonday [sunshine. Everything was reproduced in perfect veri-similitude. Violet's girlish beauty, the central, figure of the picture. J3ut the scenes nassed in bapid succession. _ They grew more soinbre as the bitterness ol life- crept into them. ' I shuddered wheh lrecog nised the long grey Pacific shore with ia rising tjdt near Bournemouth ; but I had to Bfee it. Ther« was no closing of the eyes against such visions at . I was now callsd to look upon. ? I, watched every instant of the death of Horace De Vere — saw il to the very last -convulsive struggle; and was onlj Served the hearing, once, again, of his dying cry. The scenes which- rapidly . followed : each othei Were all sombre, and some were, fea.rful. I woulc have turned away my /gaze if that were possible but although the looking' at them seemed tc scorch my brain, I had no alternative but 'to gazi at every frightful thing which prfesented it3elf. Ii lasted tor what seemed an .eternity. ; . yet.it. had al transpired in a few moments, for as I opened mj eyes, and saw the doctor tigain, the chime of th- second peal was bat just 'dying into silence '? The doctor lia l noticed nothing except that ] had for a few minuted. closed my !eyes ; and yet, t- me in that brief time, there had been crowded th- SCehes and incidents of ah average life.. The doctor -sat down and commenced to talk tc me about Violet and Beatrice, for he seemed tt be greatly taken, with the winsomeness of th( child. . I listened, but 1 could at first make him m answer ; a moment before I had looked upon i world of ghastly things, -and I dared hot close inj : -eyes lest the dreaded scenes should return. I mad- . some incoherent reply to him, wbich . he attributec to my dread of the approaching ordeal ; but it wai not that, but this fearful resurrection of my life * which troubled me. I had seen things in those few moments whicl if I had the power I would have plucked. up by thi roots, and have cast out of my life for ever. Bii I now realised as I had never done, before, tha everyone of those dreaded things belonged to me That 1 might forget but could never remove them that nothing cquld conceal ; them,, that at an; moment they may be revived .again, that the; would cling to me1- in life, and follow me inti \- -eternity, as imperishable as.thy own spirit, of whicl they, formed a part ' ' Doctor,' J said at last, abruptly, ' is there n Bucb .'thing .as death for the sojil ?' ' I think there may be,' he said 'gravely, ' bu Hot for ihe spirit — that never dies.' And I groaned, repeating some' former Words c ihe doctor's, ' it never forgets, it oahnot forget ; i will remember !' The doctor listened with anxious interest t ?: my fervid words, and asked me what I meant.L .them. But I could not tell him of those- Scene which had reyeaU-d-tQ me tlie imperishable chai actor o*. the spirit's, memory., I coildonly prs r the bitter prayer of the guiity ?cai^ne Aram : O God ! could I so close my mind and clasp Witb.a c'.B6p.' ? ' Now.bi-dce yourself .; be calm and resolute ; '?will ppou be over,' said the doctor kinuly. -t, tried to smile, aiid feebly, promised to pu myself tegether'i'biit what I had passed throiji^ ? :W»s trifling compared wit'h thEit whioh I 'had !y to, experience. ;l,had heard,:iand I haa seen-, ]b 1 had gret to :fe^L Alas , j j tl»^t , . it . ^ehqudd^ ; sp , ,'I 'thb^'ght bhudderin^^-'1 Mtore t)ie '.ejteoatio Ihore'is yet arioihei' peal oftfie belli 1' ? ? ? 1 THK 'THIBD PEAL OF THE BELLS. \- Hitherto I had. hot' he'ar^' Gunnery /fepeafcj bi bald liot - seen' him ; 6ut\iiutob'diilely'th'e,«!hi^un^- 1 beUa.'coinmeuii4d tq sisher iii? the'hour of eseiiution;: it Ifelt hiiii. It:,ia,,the puly w»ty by which ^he. .sen-, 4*1 sation can be described. ; i ? jja . , Just as softnd is trausmUted^and thought, and fu light, aiid heat, so there waa^y 'some 'mysterious. '' mean's ittaastoitMd: to j ime-4feeling. .' ; I .could , not hi see, nor hejuV' buty by, feeling, d ;-kne«^ exactly iTvhat; ^ was tnuispirin^.^n.the Qotiaeuine'd csllj.^Ilelmd re knelt - do wn inechahic'ally aB( the chaplain p/ayed. es I felt hini. Ho hid : shuddered: with momentary tl fear as the warderp prepared- him for. execution: I, w knew when he' emerged irom the fiell, and pnssed ' of : into the fresh morning air, mounted the scaffold, ; aiid looked despairingly around upon the. few ai fearful1 witnesses. 11 ' ' . ' ' n- I felt the touch of tho rope by which he was. v bound, the pulling down of , the cap over his face, f0 the preparatory tightening of the noose around tho gj ueoli;, the Bhooting back of the' holts, Sand the drop iiito space, and the horrors of 'strangulation. The doctor istood fanning .me, for he guessed p, what was : transpiring, he knew that by some so mysterious means I was suffering every agony, ^ and drinking to the very dregs, Gunnery's cup of 81] death by violence. But fearful as the sense of fu physical suffering was, there was a torment still ej greater. It .was the consciousness of . guilt. Ie It, is not giyen to ordinary meu.in this life to. see the vision, of sin. 1 had seen, but now I felt it, There was laid upon me in that hour Of horror, the g whole burden of guilt of my spirit, soul, and body; ? ^ But with the consciousness that it ,was not. vicarious, n Buttering. One might, in that way be wUling in j, some historic . hour to' suffer for another; but il ^ Wab not my own burden that pressed me down, the y. penalty of my own transgresfiious, tike . reblisktiOn g( o^my own sin. Every, physical pang which the, o; parting body and soul of the hanged, man suffered, w passed spiritually to me ; but that I could have' !r'( liorne. It was, the othefc thing. 'The chbking sense ; '-M of wrong, of a' hopeless future, wwretHied life. A - Q mountainous unshapely thihg of ; evilj which en- e . compassed me, which bore me down, and, pmothered ? ^ me in its jvileuess, until, as the; doctor afterwards „ told me, 1 literally gasped ' for breath ' and showed. J, signs of strangulation. But it was nothing phyei-: j, cal, which I might explain. If, as is . said, .every color has a corresponding mental emotion, it was j the darkest of them all ; something- which ' per-' ,0 sonified all physical and mental suffering. 'l|he ^ Wonder is that tlie body sustained the spirit;. ? doubtless it would have been better for me to have, ^ died, ...... j, . . . - But the dewtor . was oii the tiptoe of expectation ^ as 'to what should beWxt. ' He knew' by the pallor j of tiiy face )that Gunnery away i here ; in the eourt { yard , of -the prison was dying, ; or, 'dead. 1 ^ia , one . , absorbing thought was ; wpuld there .be a reunion ? ( Would ! the soul ; come seeking for its other self ? , What matter my sufferings if he could but demon- j Btrate a remttfkablepsychologioal f act 1 , , I sawit all myeeli ij 'hut I think it willbehest to j describe - what followed in. his ; ^own. words, as he' , related it to me afterwards. ' '. ; There1 was - no preparatory sound of Warning, 1 '?'? ? :said the dofct jr,' but he van ; tuddenly conscious of S , ibe presence of a third person in ttm room. He, , | looked into a i mirror, and distinctly recognised I | behind me the'soud form of Mark Gunnery. It]', had' come, 'e(s he expected.. He confessed to a | \- severe mental shock when the Apparition-like figure ; first appeared, etauding behiud :mo. Ho . moved ^ away neftrejr to -the, s^Le. of the ipom - which the mirror was, carefully observing every movement r f ' the soul rin. the1 glass; ' ? . ' , 1 There was only one living Griinnery-now, and ! . the soul. had. come in search of its aster spirit,; and/ ' yet it seemed, to hjm to etanct hesitatiug. My jeyes.. ^ were closed aiid my aged form 'lw back in the r large diair as though toeeiD^^'f',jjgwr&l;!iae4'in a moment that it was the bged : f6rm - that was ? repugnant to the ebul, and it hesitated sp long that; I he feared a catastrophe, .and every, moment ex ; peated to sec my spirit, in some.ir-6.tmalisi^i form, \- emerge from the, body and join with the soul-form 3 and disappetu:. t. He. trembled in eyery. nerve lest thia -should I occui', andthedeath penalty ..should be ipaid by two r instead of opp. . But he dared not turh round. for it i seemed to him f roni what he tould' ^6^ by the rt^ection' of %he ghost iri ithej glass. thit it was [ wktching hiw as much as the paticnt. -\His - whole i body, ho said, broke out'into a co'd perspii'ation,, j so great was his anxiety., .Presently, hp observed the soul form draw ileiuqari' and iisnd.bver the Un \- conscious form in the chair ; ' then it seemed again ) to hesitate. He was amply terrified now, and 3; almost prayed aloud that theendmight come one, way sor.jtho.. other .quickly,. ,He f pit Ihe tension , \- ,upon the nerves so groat. Just then the soul-form i changed in its appearance and melted away. ' r 1 It must have' been sOme time af ter.wards when \- the doctor, who 'had sunk :exhaiuted into a' chair, I came to my assistance. . . 3 Ho found uie sobbing, as, though in the greatest ' grief; but he at once ceased to fear for me. I was once again perfectly hdtnlan, for the soul of i the dead Gunnery in the.^rifionhad eec'ired re ; union .with its spirit in the body known as John t Vernon. t ? ' CHAPTER XXV. 7 THE LUXURY OF TEARS. y ; . . t i - o '' Mark Gunnery;' said the doctor,- ' don't give ! ? way too much to your feelings, man. - You will be bettor now r than you have been if you control your- , o self a bit.' 1 stillwipt, however, although not now in grief, t or fnim the s^urc of ioss'or^ain';:it: seemed to iiie1 as though at least I- hid f ouud a place for 1 repent ,f mice, th!t the iiardstouy iiature which had hated [t . like a devil nnd.baunted.De Vere remorselessly to his denrh. and left a weak woman uriforgiveu. liad 0 at last goijp. -'As, the doctor stuod;bver ine I still y wept, strong inau -as I was, . wept foolishly,' 'rioting is ;iu the very;luxury of tears. . . ; ; J. .1 got upafter this, „nnd assisted. by the doctor,; iy lay .down upon a couch and proHently fell'. asleep. : It vfae a troubled,' biit drea tolesssleep, and I awoke jt afterwards tefresbed.' Tha paroxySm of tears had ? no doubt done me stood, i ll iwas^feptter tha;t . I-, had ? it wepCas after long droight .the cnth ia refreshed , an t sweetened by the blessliig of rain. . ' ' ,11 I passed tbrough,'ii:-p'mod;bf niehtal repose; ,J ,1, -duri^g'the first few- days- ifoUowniig' the J^estoration-v #1. toiwp of thejtriplftaature. ... , ; . . i wji ut Jthe : -i iiibuiitauis, and 1 w^s satisfied merely to live, i It ^M'lhereiiil^ag'^df the jikfe5 ^otheti ridesand brilegi^his1 fthey - w«e' Spetidiug: ;; k^ylmoon infan^if a^iliftr ^ome.ioyhejuoul) -th'at'ie'llK'bnde— sp'^ally-felt'lt'&;'3j\iI^B6th'1 ere happily comforted by the thought that the liy^pa} structure in which they dwelt would not a, thebody'tf i^e. resiirrtctibn. There' Was' still strife knd' storm to follow : but loke firat daya among, the pioiihtauiB \yere days of [finite calm and peace. .Spirit j and ^out .wete defied with 'each 9ther, and that, aiid tlie ^est ilness of 'nature, were ^uffici^iit. : Some 'such seasons no doubt come to all men, it not with such ? intensity ; ? they ; are .the 'slumber ?urs of 'life, wjieu ; nature. .Readjusts itself and buUds th'e worn .tissue cells.. As |w'inter rests the irth, and lulls the activities of vegetatibn until iey lie dormant,1 and sleep rejuvenates the body, so as the inactive life of those days to me.- A kind '.tranquil May day of soul and spirit. I wanted j company, to speak was at times painful to me : 1 1 desired, was to be left to myself — guiet was jeded for the spiritual processes, which I felt ould be 'toon perfected, when sleep , would be illowcd by an awakening, ..and winter by the ?ring. I was lodging with a worthy old couple, veiling near the verge of one of those pleasant ?ospecfe* which have made the Blue Mountain enery of New South Stales, fanious all through uftralia. When I reflected upon the matter, it irprised me that I was left so much alone, but I mnd out afterwards that it was by the doctor's eplicit 1 direction ; who, by the way, had now sturned agaiu to Sydney. . . I can only marvel at the way in which that ia$ter of medical science . forecast my necessities. Leknew tlvat what 'I wanted now was Test, and ie tranquility of ^nature ; the subtle influences of lother earth, when , far removed from the noisy aunts of, men. . The, moving branches, the reiuulous leaf, the chirp of buds, and the1 hum of isect' ' life ; the : far-reaching laudscape;' Knd the jlemii mountains. If I had no other memory than f that fortnight quietness and communion of self, ith ; self, i and ' b'oth with God, , it would have scompdnced me Jqr. the I-rievious agony, and whatever tnay yet follow. Like two lovers made ne in marriage, who fully Idarn for the first time sch' other's worth, and passively enjoy the bliss of .ndisturbed society, satisfied and happy with: the iressure. of ahand, or only .the nameless subtle 1 nfluoiice of presence — when it is that of oue who ' 5 supremely loved. ? f Good; Heavens,' I broke out impetuously, as ! lay alone upon the grass, with a . hundred miles if. fair., landscape, ut my feet, stretching away to yhere it became lost in the blue distance. ' 'To think how little -men and wonien enjoy the lelight of life through lack of knowledge What hours -f bridal; ; loye might, be, the, joy jof^men and ivothen if they pidy knew their capacity for en Invm'o'nt. TJnf alflC 1 nnp linlf fhp vnrlil ifl ffrncalv ))ihd to; the glorious possibilities of happiness wmch God has laid i up wjthin them^ They .live a,nd eat, and drink, and ! die,. t?ut; never, taste, the wine of living. 'These ^ days ' of rest were followed by a sibgulat ,$er|6d of 'ihitatal ' activity, when every faioulfy of*thie mind seemed to be quickened, and every sensation of pleasure, emphasised. It was a rejuvanescence. , I recaU.the, experience with wonder. : It was a new world which 1 saw, because I looked at ,it with jK*' ' eyes and Understood it, ' and realized its beauty as I teeVer Seemed to have done before.. , , I thought much of Violet and Beatrice during these , days., and .. longed to see them, but. the thought of my aged appearance restrained me. Alas ! although heart and mind, and imagination and hope, were .young .and strbng swittiio! me, I btill carried Upon ray head the eyidsncesof age. 