CHAPTER XVIII. A Strange Interview. The sun had gone down behind a bank of angry, leaden-colored clouds, which were fast spreading over the whole surface of the sky. Only here and there a stunted, half- grown, and leafless oak tree stretched out its naked branches towards the darkening sky, and within a yard or two of me there was a miserable apology for a cottage. No one, save they bad known otherwise, would have taken it for anything but a cow shed of the rudest form. It was built of boards dipped in black tar, windowless, chimneyless, save for a hole in the roof through which a small piece of dilapidated stove piping had been thrust, and without the merest pretence of a garden. It stood, or rather leaned, against one side of a sharp slope in the moor, and fifty yards from the rude sheep-track which did duty as a road, and even in the daytime there was no other human habitation within sight, or any sign of one. With my arm in the bridle of the Black Prince, I led him down the slope, and, grasp- ing my riding-whip by the stock, knocked sharply at what I concluded to be the door. I heard the quick sound of a man's startled curse, and then there was a dead silence. I knocked again, but no one answered. Then I kicked at the loose planks till the place seemed as though it would tumble down, like a pack of cards. "What d'ye want?" a woman's shrill voice cried trough the open chinks. "Who be you?" "I want your husband," I answered. "Well, he bean't here, 'e bean't coom home." "It's a lie!" I shouted back. ''Tell him I shall not go away until I have seen him, though I kick this place about your ears. Is he afraid? Tell him I am alone." She withdrew muttering, and I fastened Black Prince as securely as I could against the wall. Suddenly the door was opened, and stooping low, with my heavy riding whip grasped firmly in my right hand, I stepped inside. At first I could see nothing, but just as I was cautiously feeling in my pocket for a match, the red flames of a wood fire, which was smouldering on the hearth, leaped up and showed me the bare walls and miser- able interior of the tumble-down hovel, showed me, too, the figure of a tall, evil- looking man grasping a thick cudgel in his hand, and peering through the gloom at me with a sort of threatening inquisitiveness. ""What d'ye want wi' me?" the man began, suspiciously. Then suddenly he dropped his cudgel and staggered back against the frail wall, with his arms stretched out as though to keep me off. "God, it's Muster Herbert! It's Muster Herbert's ghost. What d'ye want? What d'ye want? What d'ye want here wi' me? Speak, can't you?" he cried out in a tone of hysterical dread. "Don't be a fool, John Hilton," I said, con- temptuously. "I am Hugh Devereux, son of the man against whom you swore a lie twenty-five years ago, and I have come here to ask you a few questions." He kept his eyes fixed upon me in a sort of sullen fascinated stare. "First tell me why you swore that lie? It was Rupert Devereux who made you." The man's brute courage was returning to him slowly. He picked up his cudgel and began to beat the side of his legs with it. "You know how to command, young sir," he said, sneeringly. "Suppose I say I won't answer your d--d questions?" "I don't think you'll be so foolish," I said. "If you don't want to find yourself in gaol for poaching before the week's out, you'll do exactly as I tell you." He swore savagely, and turned his ugly face full upon me. "So you was the d--d young swell that came bursting in upon us when we was just a settling things off nice and comfortable t'other night, was you? I've a good mind--" He had advanced a step or two towards me, and his fingers had closed firmly round his cudgel. "Put that piece of timber clown, John Hil- ton," I said, firmly; "you've tried conclu- sions with me once at Porlock, and you got the worst of it. So you will again if you try the same game. Drop it. Do you hear;'' I took a quick step forward, and raised my riding-whip. He hesitated, and then threw it savagely down. "Curse it, what d'ye want to know?" "It was Rupert Devereux who made you tell that lie before the court-martial?" "Ay. 'twas him, right enough. I'll tell yer all about it. Muster Rupert Devereux ain't nothink to me! He comes to me that morning t' moment the bugle had sounded, and we was in the tents. 'Hilton,' he said to me, 'would yer tell a lie to be made a rich man for the rest of your life?' 'In coors I would.' said I. 'Then when you're summoned before General Luxton to-mor- row,' says he, 'tell him that you saw nothing of my brother during the fight. Forget that he ran out to help us against those two black varmint. Do that, and I'll allow you two hundred pounds a year as long as yon live." 'I'm your man,' said I. 'That's right,' says he, and turns on his heel and walks back again. That were 'ow it war," he wound up defiantly. I had hard work to keep my hands off him, but I did. "And your two hundred pounds a year?" I asked, glancing around and at the bold- looking, slatternly woman who sat crouch- ed on a stool watching us. "What's become of that? I presume you don't live here from choice?" He broke into a volley of horrible curses. (To be continued.) The most common name for a place in Eng- land is Newton, which occurs no fewer than seventy-two times. 