Treuroschen. (From the German of Iforner.) A fearless hunter, frank and true, Had found a spot where a sweet rose grew ; A flow’r priz’d high’r than gold or gear His heart’s devotion he gave his dear True Rose, his joy and pride. Trala, TralaTrala. And when the eve bedew’d the lea, The hunter rode off his love to see. And tune and song of minstrel old, And blast of horn his coming told True Rose, his darling bride. Trala, Trala, Trala. “ True Rose, True Rose, the lay dost hear With thy sweet name for theme so dear ? The ’trothal year hath reached its close, .Now, to th’altar I’ll lead my Rose.” True Rose she murmured “ Yea Trala. The pale stars fade, the morn dawns clear, He homeward turning leaves his dear. Thro’ weald, o’er mead, on horse so fleet, He follows the wild stag’s flying feet, So swift o’er mount and plain. Trala. He follows the quarry’s madden’d flight, The stag leaps blindly the rocky height; And behind him springs into precipice grave The snorting horse and his rider brave_ No eye e’er saw them again. Trala. Now, when sad eve down wept the diw, True Rose sat waiting her sweethear, true,— With the tune and song of minstrel old And the blast of horn that his coming told; But waited and hoped in vain. Trala, And when at midnight all nature slept, True Rose still sadly her vigil kept, With tear dim’d eyes, and eyelids red ; “ Why let’st me wait, in woe and dread, Sweetheart, why art not here ? ” Trala. But hark! she hears the horn soft blown,— There whispers low, like a spirit tone: “ Come, loved one come, my blushing bride 1 Thy place is prepared at thy husband’s side, He now is waiting near.” Trala. An icy terror her soul hath grasp’d, She feels herself in ghost-arms clasp’d ; Her quivering heart in her latest breath Knows wedding-joys ’mid the pangs of death,— True Rose, she murmured, “ Yea ”. Trala. Then froze the blood in her flutt’ring breast, Then still’d her heart in death’s long rest,— The hunter led home his blushing bride, In heav’n above hath reached, by his side, True Rose, her wedding day. Trala, Trala, Trala. 