LADIES' COLUMN. MISS COLONIA IN LONDON. CONFIDENCES TO HER COUSINS ACROSS THE SEAS. [From our Special Correspondent.! London, September 25. 1890, Dear Cousin—The fine weather has returned simultaneously with the end of the holidays, and we are now enjoying a perfect Indian summer. The Czar and Czarina are in England this week visiting the Queen at Bal moral, but the entire district i3 honeycombed with detectives, and very few outside the Royal and official circles have even caught a glimpse of their Imperial Majesties. Mrs. X's cousin, who I have before told you is one of our Queen's maids of honor, writes that it is pain fid to witness the unfortunate young autocrats scared and fearful manner directly he has to face the public. His eye3 are always on the watch, and the least unforeseen incident causes him to start uncontrollably. Eor example, whilst driving over with the Queen and Empress to Abergeldio on Thursday, the Royal carriage, which bowls swiftly along, had to pull up short and sharp to avoid running over a cyclist who had managed to dodge both the out-riders and the cordon of detectives. He was an absolutely harmless individual, and the polico riding behind whisked him away in a moment, bub both the Czar and Czarina turned pale as ghosts, our gracious Queen, on the other liaud, becoming scarlet with anger. There were " wig3 on the "green" at Balmoral over that contretemps from all accounts. AUMENTA.X HEFUGEKS. Though it is not in me to gush over many of the philanthropies of Lady Henry Somerset aud Miss Wiilard, I have nothing but admiration for the practical manner in which they went to the rescue of tho Armenian refugees at Marseilles, The_ two were just starting on a much-needed holiday when tiiey heard of the homeless misery and desperate position of these unhappy folk. "Lady"Henry," writes Mis3 Wiilard, " was very weary and I am unwell, but directly wc read the accounts of the scenes here our hearts were deeply stirred. I wish I could put before you the sight we saw last night—a great, grey, barnlike room in a work house, the light so dim that nobody's face could be seen save in outline; in the corner a group of 30 Armenians of all grades, from a bank cleric with his gold-corded cap to a wharf porter with heavy shoulders. All these men were huddled together on the bare benches, penniless and forlorn, with bread and water only for food and board to sleep on in this deadly poisonous air. Why were they here? Because their devoted nation has cherished the name of Christ and held to the'purity of the home through all the centuries since the Gospel came to man. We could not speak a word to them, but we smiled and waved our hands, whereat good men rose, smiled, bowed, and gave us a military salute with much dignity. The whole scene was one of such unspeakable pathos that wo saw, almost too dimly"to make .our. way back to the streets. This morning we have bestirred, ourselves. Lady Henry has gone out with tliecorrespondentof the London ' Daily Ncw3, whose letters brought us here. I They are to rent a warehouse, fit it up with sailors' beds aud conveniences for .washing, and to have-supper ready to-night for the poor men. There are hundreds at Marseilles and more constantly coming. X am going now to the Armenian Consul to see if special arrange-1 ments cannot be made to send many °to America. Their cry is, 'Oh, send me to America.' For 40 years they have learned to love onr land through the missionaries who taught them, lifted them up with so much knowledge and refinement that they are hated for thc-ir acquirements by the Turk, who is de termined on their extermination, and I believe that we as Americans have no right to hold ourselves aloof from helping England to protect thera, since the horrors we have witnessed are largely the result of the work '.wrought' in Armenian character and aspiration by some of our own best people," j A LUCKY POLICEMAN. . Ail idyll of original character has just run its course at Richmond. The heroine is an Irish lady of large possessions and long descent and^ the hero a suburban constable. Miss O'Neill, as the former is called, lives in a fine I house at Chiswiclc and has passed the first I meridian of youth. According to her own acconnt she was one day airing her romantic disposition and vacant heart on Richmond Hill when the latter (I refer to the lady's heart) was filled by 6 ft. 2 in. of policeman. It appears that Constable Thomas James Macfariane had just stopped a runaway horso, and the ease and grace with which he per formed _ the operation completely conquered susceptible Miss O'Neill, bhe dropped into I casual conversation with the stalwart fellow and the more she saw of him the more she I liked him. The acquaintance ripened into friendship, and most afternoons or evenings I Miss O'Neill drove in a hansom to Macfarlane's beat loaded with succulent pies, strong waters I and Havana cigars. Needless to say, Mac fariane was not long in discovering the direc tion in which these agreeable advances tended. I He responded ardently, and in due course the j happy hair became engaged. Strange to say. Miss O Neill's nephews were hot at all pleased at their aunt's somewhat belated love affair. They did everything they could to break off the match, and even invoked the help of the Chief Commissioner of Policei ■ But 'twas no good. Macfariane simply left the force and devoted his time entirely to lovemaking. In this pur suit he proved so successful that his adoring fiancee settled upon him the bulk of her Irish estates. The relatives gasped but could do nothing. " What," said one of them, "is the sense of quarrelling with a man with a fist like a leg of mutton." So Miss O'Neill became last week Mrs. Macfariane, and the bride and bridegroom are now honeymooning it on the ex-constable's recently acquired property. a countess's jewels. ; On Saturday last the long and sensational I trial of the brothers Luigi and Tito Malpieri for the robbery of the Countess Celiero's jewels j in April last year was concluded at Rome after lasting six days. The trial had created intense I sensation all over Italy, chiefly on account of tlio discreditable connection with the affair of L'rigi. Crispi, son of the famous Italian ex Prenner. The countess is a lady well- known in the Roman world of fashion. The pro ceedings opened with the usual interrogatory of the accused, who naturally enough denied all knowledge of -both countess and jewels. Then the court adjourned to the house of the prosecutrix, she being to ill to make an ap pearance at court. The sick lady was subjected j to a rigorous examination, and her storv can be boiled down thus .-—She had a number of jewcis which she wished to sell, find amongst j those to whom she spoke about them was Liu"i I Crispi, who one fine day told her of a possible purchaser in one Revclli, .who desired to buy a wedding present for the Duchess d'Aosta. The countess obtained the jewels from her bankers j for Reyelli's inspection, but the price asked by the fair Cellere was too big, and no deal re sulted. Her ladyship did not unfortunately return the gewgaws to the safe custody of .Frontmis, but kept them in herowncare, Lui^i I Crispi, who was a constant and apparently very much favored visitor to the countess's estab lishment, seems to have hinted that the jewels were a source of danger, and once warned lier that they might iead to her assassi nation. She, however, mocked at his fears. One day the countess discovered her drawing-room door open, and Crispi declared it had been forced. This the countess did not believe, but to make sure she examined her jewels in Cnspi s preseuce. They were intact. Next day, at Crispi's suggestion, my lady accom panied lum to Frascati, and in the evciiln0,1 when they returned to Rome a Signor Mnrulo dined with the countess. Luigi Crispi visited her after Murulo had made his adieux, and re- J mained with the lady till midnight. Before he left lie insisted on examining, all the rooms to see if there were any burglars about. He diem t find any, but when he had been gone I but a tew minutes the countess heard a noise. J? j lll° her maid was responsible she called out, but receivingsno answer sallied forth from her bedroom, revolver in baud, to ascertain the cause-of the sounds. As she eame out upon the landing the countess heard the bathroom door closed, and rushing into I that chamber saw a hand pull down the window from the outside. On the instant she rushed down find roused the concierge, who I brought the police to the spot, too late, how ever, to capture the marauder red-handed, j Deputy Barrilas, counsel for tho prisoners, j elicited in cross;exammation of the countess that Luigi Crispi had accused her of arranging a bogus robbery in order to obtain money from his father, the Premier. The countess said she could not understand how he could have dared to make such an infamous insinuation. The countess also denied with scorn that she wanted to be made a great lady of the court as a price of her silence. It wa3 true that she tried to sell to the Government some antique mosaics and pottery, and wrote to the Prime Minister on the subject, but it was at Luigi Crispi's suggestion, and he actually dictated the terms of the letter to his father. Further pressed the countess said—"Luigi Crispi was very agitated when i told him of the robbery and of my sus picions. He said I was compromising him by my chatter, and that no one dare ac CcS i -son , ^e Prime Minister of Italy of robbery. Another thing I must tell you, and that 13 that some days after the robbery the Deputy Caetaui di Lauren | sana came to me and proposed to pay me the full value of the jewels, but I refused." The j deputy referred to is one of the mo3t intimate of the ex-P_reniier's friends, and the statement as to his mission naturally caused a sensation. 11 here wa3 a good deal of hard swearing in tlie | course of the trial, but ultimately Luigi Mal pieri was found guilty and sentenced to 14 months imprisonment. Next week the court will proceed to try Signor Luigi Crispi in con tumaciam. JILTED PRINCESSES. Maidens of low degree are by no means the only ones to suffer the indignity of being jilted. Not infrequently their sisters of royal blood are thrown over in the coolest possible tashion, and as their position renders it im possible for them to "take it out of their hckle lovers pecuniarily, and the insult is rendered doubly painful on account of the publicity given, the maidens of high degree are really more to be pitied when jilted than their humbler kindred. A princess who was jilted m a peculiarly brutal fashion by the pre sent. Emperor of Russia is Princess Helene of Montenegro. She was educated from child hood at St. Petersburg under the supervision of the now widowed Czarina, who also bore the expense of her education with the avowed object of fitting her for the position of consort to- the future Czar. As soon as she was old enough Princess Helene was affianced to the Gzarewitcb, but though she was "divinely aR and statuesquely beautiful Nicholas at the last moment refused point blank to mate with her. Accordingly Helene had to return to her father's court at Cettigne, and her false fiancee shortly afterwards'led to the altar Princess Alix of Hesse. I he -jilted maiden wa3 recently be trothed to the only son and heir of Kino-Hum bert of Italy, Prince Emmanuel Victor, who enjoys the not particularly enviable distinc tion of being the shortest scion of royalty in ali Europe, his stature being inferior even to that of thedwarf husband of Queen Isabella m Spain. Ho is, howover, much more intel lectual than the Princess's former fiancee, and Helene may console herself with the know ledge that as wife of the King of Italy she will at all events be free from the terrible fears which make the life of tho Czar and Czarina a misery. The Princess Helene, however, is not the only lady of high degreo who being disap pointed m lier expectations in one ouarter found consolation in another. The Empress Eugenie, before beeoming Empress of France was jilted m turn by tho Dulco of Sesto and bv Prince Napoleon. Tho latter was officially affianced toher, butbrokeoff the engagement in deference to the protest of his father? the King of n estphaha, who in a letter since made public told his son that Eugenie of Monti jo was, neither as regarded 'birth or antecedents, a fit mate for the son of king. Empress Elizabeth of Austria owe3 her position on the dual throne of Austria Hungary to the fact that Francis Joseph jilted her older sister Helene for her sake. Princess Helene of Bavaria was betnJthed almost in her , childhood to the present Emperor of Austria and wascarefully educated with aviow to fitting her for the proper discharge of her eventual duties as Empress._ When, however, the time for the marriage drew near Francis Joseph fell violently in love with her younger sister, and insisted on renouncing his betrothal to Helene in order to marry the schoolgirl, scarce 1G years old. It must have been a terrible blow to proud and ambitious Helene to seo the Cinderella of the family carry oS the man sbe loved and the crown she was to have worn. However, she acted to perfection the part of a devoted and sympathetic sister, and appeared to rejoice at her sister's good fortune. The Duchess of Teek (luckily as time proved) was forsaken by the late Prince of Orange, who used to be known in Paris by the nickname of '"Citron." The official engagement had been announced, all the arrangements made for the wedding, aud the prince had left the Hague for London, where he was to remain until after the marriage had taken place. He travelled via Paris, and as Napoleon III. was averse to the match, believing that an alliance of this kind would be detrimental to the interests of France, ho caused the prince to be environed by such a network of temptations that lie could not tear himself away from the capital of France. Meanwhile his English bride, the British court, and the British people were waiting for him with an indignation which in creased with every day's delay in. his arrival, aud when at length news reached London of a scandal in which ho had become involved, the nature of which was purposely intensified by the French authorities and press, her Majesty insisted on an explanation. To this the prince replied that he no longer cared to wed Prin cess Mary, and in Paris he remained until the end of his days, his death being hastened by dissipation. The jilting of Princes3 Marguerite of Chartres by the Duke of Orleans. was another bad case. Tendered with the most loving solicitude by liis fair fiancee during^ his incar ceration at Clairvaux he threw himself into such a vortex of dissipation on his release that his prospective father-in-law was compelled to remonstrate with him. The duke took this amiss, declared that he had no intention of | modifying his mode of existence, and wound up by announcing that he would under no cir cumstances marry Princess Marguerite. She has since become the wife of the Duke of Magenta: Princess Sophia of Bavaria was deserted by the late King of Bavaria on the very eve of the day appointed for the wedding for reasons that have always been, shrouded in mystery, .the princess subsequently marrying the Due d'Aleneon. _ - Princess Victoria of Prussia, sister of Em-, peror William, wa3 jilted by the late Prince Alexander of Battenberg a few days prior to the date fixed for the marriage, the first inti mation that the princess • received of the slight inflicted upon her being the information that the prince had married someone else. Princess Elsa of Wurtemberg, a beautiful young lady possessed, of a vast fortune, was not long ago jilted by Prince Alfred of Saxe Coburg, • ; • Fashion Notes. JACKETS AND MANTLES. " . The popular " circular" cape has such merits that if it is destined to die it will, asthosaying goes, "diehard." For some years it has held undoubted sway, bub this season it is seriously, challenged by the fitting cape, that is'to say the back fits into the waist, a contrast as often a3 not being afforded by extra fulness in the matorial at the sides; Any forecast as to the tenure of popularity of this style would be rash, but there seems no doubt that it will be a prominent vogue for the present autumn. As for the trimming of mantles it still remains as elaborate as ever. Passementerie was never introduced more profusely or in more tasteful designs; ostrich feather trimming holds its own, especially in the decoration of the collar —when," that is, fur does not take its place— while a more recent introduction are some new designs in silk chenille trimming which is nsed more or less freely in both plain and crimped effects. Generally speaking the materials em ployed are much the same: as in previous seasons; velvet, plush, silk, and fancy cloths of various kinds have eacli their particular! devotees. Matalasse materials, too, are sure! to enjoy renewed popularity since they are! produced in a multitude of beautiful effects. There is a distinct revival in the demand for jackets. The jacket last spring occupied the second place in a very marked degree; now it will run the cape very closely. There are several deserving novelties,' of course, bub me thinks tlio plainer tight-fitting styles in fine faced cloths will be in general demand. In the all-important question of the sleeve I may point _ out that in size it has certainly diminished. Several _ styles have been pro duced, but the prevailing" one-is a sleeve puffed at the shoulder, only the arm being cut more or less tight after the manlier of a man's coat. Though fur as a trimming for the collar has not been discarded it is introduced less often than_ hitherto, and where it does not appear one finds high collars, some of the very newest being cut in " battlements" and similar ways. A COMFORTABLE WATERPROOF. A desideratum indeed is a waterproof which neither smells nor renders-its wearer uncom fortably hot. I have just seen a novel system of ventilating waterproofs adaptable to any make and shape of "macker." The venti lation is effected by having a flannel lining inserted in the back, which extends from the collar Jt° the waist in an elongated shape. Between this and the waterproof exterior there is a cotton strip, having a series of _ cords run ning.down from top to bottom, which allow a free [passage of tho air to pass through. On the outside of the coat two/bands of proofed material of the same cloth-'as the coat, and similar to tho strip on a Norfolk jacket, com pletely cover the flannels, but are made suffi ciently full to keep the orifices at top and bottom open; thus the movement of tho wearer allows the heated air from the body to pass into these channels and escape at the top, while fresh air is admitted at the bottom. There is also provision, made for ventilation in the armpits by the insertion of eyelits, which are protected on the exterior with a flap, which allows free vent to the vitiated and beated atmosphere. This system .of ventilation has been praetieally tested. In one case a wearer who perspired freely walked several miles at a rapid rate, and it was then found that tho inside of the coat was perfectly dry, whereas in a non-ventilated waterproof lie always found an accumulation of moisture. UMBRELLAS. "The selection of an umbrella is quite .an im portant function in the life of those of us who aspire to be considered well-toiletted women. It shows just as clearly as the dress itself does the individual taste of the lady who.carries it, and a3 a consequence umbrellas are produced every day with the daintiest handles imagin able—from a plain stick to a rich and bejewelled handle, of which Dresden china forms a con spicuous part. A neat style amongst the hun dreds I inspected at a big city warehouse the other day was a handle of buckhorn with nose and collar in either gold or silver. Green par tridge wood and green-colored woods generally will enjoy much popularity this season; myall wood, scented and mounted with a plain gold buckle, makes a pretty handle. Mother-of pearl,-which had such a prominent place in days long gone by, is once more "coming in" in the making of umbrellas, but the fantastic designs into which it is shaped are far ahead of anything that ha3 hitherto been seen. Another novelty, plain but pretty, was a range of sticks in light°polished ash; when these are mounted in_ gold the result is highly effective. Novelties in Dresden handles there are again, of course, and very beautiful some of them are. Mo3t women will, I think, find these irresistible. Another novelty in handles is to be found in a small gold or silver eagle on partridge cane. Ivory forms the principal part of some handles, and in combination with gold mounts looks exceedingly well. In several instances, of course, plated gold mounting is carried out to an elaborate extent; one stick I saw had a tapering gold handle eight inches long, beautifully chased with a design of fern leaves, while a shield occupied a placo in the centre for a name or monogram. A quadruple ivory "pull-down" handle graces another stick, and tortoiseshell is frequently used. 