^njiisenjerjts. The announcement of “ last nights ” by Bland Holt in his advertisement in this issue will come as a surprise. The sur prise is a fact however. A Woman's Bevenge, which will be presented to-morrow night, can only be played for a fortnight, as after the 31st instant the company leaves for Brisbane for a three weeks’ season, returning to Sydney and re-opening at the Theatre Royal on the 5th September. During his shoit absence, Mr. Holt will sub-let the theatre to Miss Maggie Moore for a season of the Trilby Burlesque. # # # * The Lyceum continues to be crowded nightly, despite the counter attractions of “Budget” night, the “Opposition” meeting (has the Premier converted that arch- protectionist, the juvenile Scott-Ross, that he was not on the platform at the Protestant Hall on Monday night ?), clerical smoke-concerts and other free shows, and Welland Strong Conor mentally notes his thermometrical readings with unabated vigor. Ben Gay Beane continues to send for a parson, fearing the heat of his probable destination, after his experiences of a hot free-stone, and the widow and her charming Iriends continue their naughty -frolics. Bessie Clayton still successfully unties herself from the extraordinary knots she dances herself into. The American twang has pervaded the entire staff of the Lyceum, Goodman has become a veritable “ boy-orator,” and leader Hall waves his baton as though it were the flag that waved to the inspiring strains of Yankee-Doodle. Even those ubiquitous “ messengers” with the binoculars adopt Uncle Sam’s vernacular and pronounce it opera glasses. The season will prove all too short for the support it is receiving, but the beauteous Mrs. Potter is nearly ready and quite anxious to visit “ her beautiful city on the glorious harbour ” once more. The matinSe on Wednesday last was again well attended. * * * * The Woods-Marshall regime is ended. Her Majesty’s is once more in darkness, is again haunted by the ghosts of vanished actors and stage hands, and only the fatal beauty of Darrell and Miss Leigh—on the picture over the main entrance—serves to re mind us of the remarkable season which terminated on Saturday last. Commencing with altogether unexpected successes, one after another, including the pantomime, all went well until Easter last, when the management, badly advised, endeavoured to pre sent, under a changed title, a play that was the property of another management. Legal proceedings and consequent losses changed the course of the hitherto flowing tide of success and a period of depression set in. Effort after effort was made to re trieve the fallen fortunes of the house but without success, and, still harrassed by litigation, the young managers have closed their doors. A New Zealand tour is spoken of, but I am not in a position to speak with certainty on this venture. A complimentary benefit to Mr. Alfred Woods was arranged for last Monday and the matinee was well attended, the dress circle was full, the sta’ls well patronised and the other parts of the big theatre were oc cupied by a goodly number of the admirers of the benejiciare, Jin whose honor, and for whose benefit, an energetic committee had organised the performance. Mr. L. de Groen commanded the forces of the combined orchestras. The members of the Woods Marshall “ P.D.O.,” including Miss Gladys Leigh and Mr. Dar reil, gave the Srd act of Hie Crimson Thread with the sensational railway scene and the daring leap for life, into the “ roaring waters ” beneath the bridge, by Miss Leigh and the author, which incident won tremendous applause. The Tivoli contingent were the back-bone of the matinee. Charley Cogill, with a new absur dity, “ Mine did,” and some time-honoured, but always amusmg anecdotes, caused roars of laughter. Miss Ada Colley was voci ferously encored, being in splendid voice, and Charles Godfrey gave no less than three “ turns ” before an exacting audience was satisfied. Then followed Dora in which the benejiciare, looking very like W. E. Gladstone, appeared, but this item was hardly an unqualified success. Charming little Ivy Scott and tiny Baby Tracey contributed “turns,” Mrs. Walter Baker tastefully and feel ingly recited “ The Dying Actor ” and F. M. Clark delivered himself of what he termed “ A Chestnut.” Lastly six charming ladies, marshalled by Signor Podenzana, gave a mandoline and guitar selection. Then the Hon. Daniel O’Connor, M.L.C., with Dr. McDonagh and others of the committee, took the stage and introduced Mr. Woods and his partner Mrs. Marshall to the audience in a felicitous speech, which Mr. Woods briefly acknow ledged. The clocks were striking six when the curtain was finally rung down. Thus terminated a meteoric managerial career, j t * * * The celebration of the jubilee of Mendelssohn’s Elijah at the Town Hall on Tuesday last by the Philharmonic Society, Signor Hazon conducting and Mr. Rivers Allpress leading, was an unqualified success. Elijah is unquestionably the strongest dramatic oratorio that Sydney performers have rendered and, during the period of Signor Hazon’s conductorship of the Phil harmonic Society, it has been presented five times. In 1889 Mr. Santley, Miss Frances Saville and Mrs. Palmer were soloists; in 1891 Madame Patey sang in it; in 1892 Miss Rossow, Mrs. Vanderveer Green, Orlando Harley, and Signor Foli; in 1894 Mesdames Belle Cole and Spada, Mr. Newbury and Mr. Mag., ih; later in the same year Mesdames de Vere Sapio and Belle Cole; in 1895 Mesdames Esty, Eurignez, Mr. Alex. Marsh and Mr. R. Cunningham ; and now in 1896, the fiftieth anniversary of its first production, Sydney has the advantage of such artists as Miss Thudichum, Miss Marion Mackenzie, Mr. Edward Brans combe and Mr. Douglas Powell. * # # % On Thursday the same artists joined forces with the Phil harmonic Society in presenting Dvorak’s The'Spectre"s Bride and a miscellaneous programme. Mons. Wiegand, a tower of strength in such performances, presided at the organ. On Saturday next The Messiah will be given. % % % % The patrons of The Tivoli have no excuse for complaining of the overcrowding at this theatre. It is entirely their own fault. The house, unfortunately, will only accommodate a certain num ber of people at a time, and those persons who object to standing, should make up their minds, a week in advance, as to which night they intend going and book their seats in time. This advice is what Charley Cogill would call an “ extry.” % % * # Mr. Frank Barnes, the genial and courteous manager of Mr. C. B. Westmacott’s dramatic seasons in Sydney and Melbourne, who ably “ buttonholed ” the pressmen of this city in his mana gerial capacity, has returned to the journalistic field, on the Sunday Times, and is now busily engaged dodgingother “ button holers.” if if % if I am more than pleased to be able to report the excellent business done by Mr. Brough during his Brisbane season with his admirable Comedy Company, of which more anon. 