THE GENERAL'S STORY. Wag I eror really frightened ? Wei!, yes, though not in the field. I Lave seen «om» hard lighting, as you know, but I think tho offair I allude to was tho closest shave I ever hai. I wis studying law in Now York at the time. One day as I sat iu my office writing, the post, man brought nio a neatly-folded euvelopo lieariug my address. As I tore it o|»eu a faint odout of perfume ,>Jled the room. The contents of the letter, as near as I -an remember, were aa follows :— _ Dear Friend,— Call «Jiis evening at eight o'clock. I wish to see jou ou some vny particular business. Do not fail nie. M. A. S. To say that I was much surprised at tho invit-tinu is a mild description of my feelings. ( lia.l known the writer only a t-w weeks. Af she w.is what Dickens would call a mature Joung lady, and I was a nure boy, our iut< r- eourro had iiaturiitly been very iirut.-d. What " pu iieuhir business " she wished to see inoalioui |):is.-;e.l my comprehension. 1 thought of tin; iiiatt-r :>li the afternoon with'-ut cemm^ tu any rea-onalil • couclus:<>n. llnwivcr, 1 was voui g and rut :u:is, ai.d at the appointed tinii! set. nut tor the place indicated in the letter, aud with a Iier.ous hand pulled the door-hril. After waiting tora few ii.nments I heard foot st»>jis approaching. Tlie door wti« noiselessly opened, aud Mit;s Sandys stood before mo making a gesture to indicate silence. Kivehiug out her hand she led me through the ball to a smsll room which was enshrouded, as was the hall itself, iu the deepest, darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wished to consult, inc. " My sister," she siid, " is about to run away to -night, to get married. Father is bitterly 0|>pox-d to the match ; bo is a vciy vio'ent. man, aud keeps a pistol on his table before him in the ncxl roum vowing to shoot uiy sister's lover if he dares to ent. r tiie. house. Wc think lie. suspects that this is the night appointed for the marriage, and is prepared ta execute his purpose. We have done all we could to pacilj him, hut in vain. lie is iu a terrible rage." " But,, my dear Miss Sandys," I said iu sume perturbation, " what has all this to do with inc." " We may need your protection ; I told sisfot I felt sure we could rely upon you." " You are very complimentary. It seems to mo, however, that in Tamily matters, a stranger should not interfere." "Oh, wo dou't consider you a stranger, Mr. Staiitou ! I am sure you will not relusc to oblige us. Hush—1 bear papa moving. Keep perfectly still in this room uutil I call you." Thus saying she noiselessly disappeared, leaving me to my own ldieitions, which were not, us may wi-11 be supposed, very pleasing. I could hear the heavy footsteps of tlio head" of the family as he paced unceasingly about the next room. I could hear the deep muttering of his wrath as he called down malediction! on tho head of his prospective son-in-law. At tho time passed his words became blended te». gether, indicating (hat he had been drinking' heavily, and once or twice he staggered violent, ly ag«inst the door, almost breaking into the loom in which I sat. " He will certainly burst the door open," f said to myself ; "he will mistake me for Brown., and before he discovers his error I shall bo slain, and then it will bu too late for me to prove in] idemity. I shall have died the death of a sup, posed burglar." Several times I made up my miud to stej out of the room and escape ; but tho footstepi, of the infuriated father sounded dangerously near ; I was unacquainted with tho bolts anc aud lock by which the front door was fastened., and did not think it was possible to remove (hent without making noise enough to slart my vigilant neighbour ou my track. How long I continued wrapped in my own uncomfortable reflections I do not know. II seemed to be ail ago I could almost bear isij heart boat in tho sombre stillness of thai dmi room, but the ceaseless tramp continued, anc the hours rolled on until I was in despair, aui' the conviction forced itself on my mind that I should never get out of that house alive. A* last I heard the rustling of a woman's dreai near me, and the noise in the street of a passing carriage, which appeared to stop ue:r. Thet a female voice said :— " We are all ready. Make no noise, au« follow me." Silently, and as quick as possible, she led me Uj the half door.whcre the younger Mi-w Sandvi tremblingly stood. The bolts were drawn, th« key was turned in the lock, and in a second wi were in the strctt, where Mr. Brown's c:»i riagi awaited us. Por a mm weighing two hundred aul (ifl< pounds Brown displayed a wonderful amount ol activity. In loss than Iwo seconda ho hud jump cd from his seat, kissed his prospective wifi fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from tin sidewalk aud placed herou the seat be-ide him. Miss Saudis and I quickly followtd, and ni timo. was lot.t in leaving the dangerous vicinity Presently Mr. Brown, who si er.icd fo l>e of i facetious turn of mind, introduced » new jihasi in the elopement Addressing himself poiu'ed ly to me, whoso acquaintanceship Le bad jus formed, he remarked :— "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are goiug to get married, and it ir. a good time for yoi and May to follow suit. What do you thiuk ot the idea ?"' " Oh, Dick, don't!" giggled Miss Sandys " Wc never dreamed of such a thing when wi started. We only want to see you and Sural safely through. Isn't that all, Air. Stanton V she coquet'ishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful b »y of 19 ! How could I affront the young lady b} refusing her hand ? Anil yet 1 felt I could tiu many her ; better the revolver from which | had just escaped than that! Fortunately for mo. Brown did all the talking and now ceased urging tho matter uutil thi carriage stopped »t the minister's risidencn where we all alighted. Just before wo ascend cd the steps he turned around aud delivered bii parting admonition :— " Now as soou as the minister completes tin ceremonies in our case, you and May can slcf forward and take our places, aud in a few nio meuts you will lioth be made happy for lifo Don't be afraid ; it will be all right \" I supposo the man was joking ; he saw mj trepidation, and wished to have a little fun at my expeuso. But to me the matter was a n iir reality. I have ucver lieeu sentenced to enpit.-d punishment, but I know I experienced, white ascending those steps, tho exact sensations of i man who is about to mount the e&iffold;, and sees, for the first time, the rope by which he ii to be executed. I remember how my limbi trembled, and feel convinced I looked as white as ghosts are said to loolc,althoueh I have never, seen one. Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown nd bis prospective bride to the minister's study. he solemn words were pronounced which uited them for ever, and ere they were ended made up my miud to escape be.fore it was too ate. The door being left oren I retreated in aste without the formality of a farewell, and ever stopped running uutil I reached my own oer. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight I do ot know, as I never saw hi-r afterwards ; either cau I divine ber motive in placing one ho was almost a slrangcr to ber in sach a tryng position. Yes, I plead guilty to liTiving ade a cowardly retreat at least once in my ife ; an 1 yet—would any of you have been raver ? 