THE BAYJ)F REST. " T H Y P E O P L E E N G L A N D . " BY j.HiX »'AT>0.\, M.A., "IAN MACL.VKUX," of Seftor. Park, Liverpool. Fveacaed bi liiaony Church, (ilasgow, on Sunday evening. : :>, uu the occasiun of Ike Ter- W hen 1 ii 7 l^ntfl be smitten down before Die esiiiiy, I. >c±u»c tbey liavc sinned against l'hec, ..:ILI .u.'Ji r.j.aiu ur> Thee, and coufess Thy ii^i^e. a::-. 5 pra 0'. ami m:.lce supplication unto Thee Lais : vhen ile.,:T:iou in llraven.andior/'.ne the bin o: iny .leuple Isnvel, and bring them a^in uao iha -which Thou gn.v est unto their l.i:l>ei —1 Ki Mis viii. 33-34. My subject: B " Thy People England," and I should say. sm^ie 1 believe people arc scnsii ;v.-—they ^-i: sensitive rhe South, where Scutch people are more Scotch than m England—that '"England" is, of eourse, used as Uicnost comcaient tcrai for our Empire, Great Bri am does not, inciutta Ireland; and to it-e any ^erm b^vocd Great Britain I think doe; not commeiid itself to one's sense of li'.ness lr/nit its c]unisine:£. Therefore you will [.'least- imdt*-staud that it is a handy term, laid ol course it is natural for many to suppose when we saty "ilngl&nd;'' that we mean the most iuuKii^iit part of the iimpire, v,-hich is in the Norib. When Solomon dedicated the Temple (if •Terusaieii: unto the Eternal, and otleri.® prayer for i.li sorts and conditions of men, he UvL].ired -with emphatic and impressive reiteration ihe ancient" and historic unity of his people. Israel, according to this inspiring thought, was not a mere aggregate of indivjaixals, or a series of generations that followed one upon another. It was an organic whole- The gent'rations of Solomon's time were the children of their fathers ill the fullest sense; the heirs of their faith and loyalty, of their sacrifices and achievements. In order that there might he a people, patriarchs had I • C t their own land to be as strangers in the country wiueh God promised to give them; pro phets. juc}ges, and kings had planned, a-cd toiiiid, and died. If they were in their capital, and to worship God in their Temple, it was the lmrvett of a ^reat sowing; it was tho result of a ga-eat travail. T'he nation was not :: heap of stones Hung together; no, nor even a stately building like this one in which we worship; but a Ire; 1 whose roots were struck into the past, and fuirther than the past, into the eternal; and whose evei'-spreadingbranches bore evidence to the life within, and afforded a shelter to all arounii. J ;;E CQ.N-DITIOXS Of KA-no.vAL UNITY. W heD any one desires to understand what is me.-uit by a nation, he had better look unto God's people Israel tir.rt of all, for they fulfilled the two great conditions of national unity, which have ever Co bo grasped by every man, rich and poor, that belongs to the cominonwealth, and are written as with fire into the coniTnouwiialth's conscience. The first is faith m God, and no nation has ever risen to greatness, .'-an no nation, having irisen, has ever maintsined its greatness eicept so far as it believed in—and_ publicly as a nation, and privat/jly by individuals— acknowledged Almightrr God. There is this analogy between the mouviduAl and the nation, that an individual is not ^ble to say " 1," with any intelligence of what " 1" means, except in God; and an mdi^dual 5s not able to say I will," with ^jiyfonrs in tile will, exceptin God. It is in the Unseen and the Eternal that we realire ourselves. We are not seven bodies in succession, but separate from those bodies, and existing when the Isist of them shall be la-id in the kirk-yard. It is in God also that a man realizes just and measured, freedom; that although there be round abnut him great material forces they cannot crush him, and he is free from them, within his BOUI. Likewise, it nation is a body of people that comes to its consciousness in God, and "whose alone true and lasting liberties stand, in God. This was the reason that the Hebrew prophets, when they spoke to the people, always lifted nationality above a mere question of frontiers and of blood, and -went back to the God who called Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and who, in the generations between had declared Himself unto the national soul. "There, was, according to these men—and this one of the great majestic national ideas of Israel, and ought also to be of England—there was a covenant between God and the people ; and when I say that, you think at once of what is mystical and theological. I tell you the idea of the prophets was neither mystical nor theological, but what is in this case better far, ethical. It was the idea that in God is alone righteousness, and in a nation the duty of obedience, and that the well - being of a nation consists in the understanding and fulfilment of the law of God. This was the covenant — obedience to the ten words on the part of tho people; the duty of one man to his neighbour, and all to the Commonwealth; and on the part of the Eternal succour in time of distress, comfort in time of sorrow, and such prosperity as would be good for them. It is a fact in history that law. The nations that fulfil their side have the blessing of the Eternal, and the nations that break, their side go crashing and rotting to their doom. The other condition of national unity with Israel was vocation. Therefore the prophets were perpetually telling the people that their fathers had been called and blessed not for their own sake—and there is no man ever blessed for his cwn sake, but for the sake of the man that is next him—that their fathers had not been called and blessed for their own sake, bvit for the sake of the world. They were the receptors of a revelation, and rereived the torch of truth to pass it down from hand to hand, and every man to blow it brighter as it went from patriarch to prophet, from prophet to psalmist, from psalmist to martyr, till the day came when the nation could be sent out, each man a torchbeaier, unto the ends of the earth, carrying the light of eternal truth. A MESSAGE OF EIGHTEODSKESS. What was the message they were to carry to the world"? The massage they were to carry to the world was—the unity of God, to begin with, but I put it in its practical form—was righteousness. As the Greek was raised up of God to give us the sense of beauty, so was tho 3ew rai^c-d up to give us what is far better than beauty, the sense of righteousness, and to write the ten words o! Moses upon the conscience of the individual and the conscience of the nation. As we now look back upon the history- of God's people Israel, we racogni.se the divine purpose. Yes, though we be unbelievers, we recognise a marvellous purpose, and the marvellous beauty of the work to that end. They are a peoplo separate from all other peoples to-day, and they are a people deserving to be honoured of all people^, for notwithstanding the many faults that may to-day tie Hung m the face o? a Jew, he is one of the strongest and the fittest men upon the fat^ of the earth. There is no nation that has mt been the stronger through the Jew; no nation that cannot learn from the Jew; no :.itv which has any just cause to complain of the Jew. Wherever 1 1 see them I recognise the peo;>le of God, and pay them honour. But their mission, is fulfilled, and they now stand among the other nations, the brethren of Aoranam, Isaac, and Jacob, having fulfilled their work, and given the ten words unto the world. It is only, as it seems to me, the merest fancy, auti more than that, in contradiction with the catholicity of humanity declared by Christ, that they shall to the end be a people separate and distinguished. Their work done, they have stepped among the ranks of the nations, ever to be remembered for their father's and their work's sake. THE Mil-SION OF ENGLAND. Comes then the question: Is there any nation to-day that has, as it were, succeeded to a great and world-wide mission, and a mission of the Rams practical and ethical r.nture as that which God gave to His people Israel'.' A very important question when von re,nemljer that Gkid is the same ytsterdar, to-day, and for ever, and that the past, showing the purpose of the Eternal, is the guide by which you ?-nd I, wise folk or plain folk, can argue out the purpose of the Eternal in the presjne. Is there any nation that lias been secluded iix. its island home, and guarded round from other people so that the invader coald not touch it? Is tUsro any nation that within its own home, bei?i? men of mii-ed blood, has gradually been welded together by common human sympathy and eomman faith m God? Is there any nation that has gTTidu^lly been led into a fullrr . v o f ^ truth of God, into political and religious and social liberty? Isthere any nation whose ordered a.nd tiencficent freedom is the admiration of pve/y people, of its enemies and friends alike? Finall}-, is there any nation who-e memlicrs have gone unto the ends of the earth, rrnd whei-evLr they iiavo gone havt: been aMe to tcar-b. to govern, to give justice unto the nations placed under their charge'.' There is i)ulv one nation of whom these things can be said ; only one nation with whose historv yuu an draw out this analogy to Israel, and that is the English people. I dare therefore *ay that any man reading the Old Testament riotures, and any mail '>;•'loving m the providcnce nf Aimie'.ity God; anv mail, especially 'oclievmg that what God hath done in the past He doeth in the present, and much more abundantly, is entitled to say "Thy pciph; England" as truly, without rebate as fully as <-vi:r king, or prophet, or pi- alrnist said " T.iy |*5ople Isra-:1." With the sanvmeaning, and fur the same ends, is England C -. - p'iipi'j. Perhaps, at the first blush of it, it may seem to you almost profane, because you have been accustomed to place t!i'- Jew so absolutely by himself that nothing whatever in his history i; M h • applied to the history of other nations, •md no other nation ought to presume to occupy ills plan.?. Profane'.' Well, then, there 1)1: Lv. o klna> of profanity. If thnt bj profanity I will vimf.irc to tell you another land, and I count it worse. It is to suppose that God is not the God of the pre-scnt at all, but only the God of the past: that indet^i His whole work is contained within the period which isgiven in the history of the Tiible, and that afterwards He sends out no prophet, He guides no ruler of a nation. He works no miracle, He makes jiot His way known in the pathways of history. IS KNCLAND PHARISAIC? Is that faith? Where is thy God then, and hast thou to travel bssl: to .Ter;:sal-.-m to find Him'.' Hast tktni tn sc.-k Him m t'.ia Temple? Is He not also in London, liie i-.vpila! of a yet greater people, always excepting the unique Revelation they may have given us? Is lie not also here ill the Barony Church, who has brought us into a fuller, freer, more tender worship than any given to the Temple? He is not the God of the dead, but. of the living. He is the living God, who worketh in the past and worketli also in the present; and LO deny this, I take it, is immense profanity. To denv this is tin; climax of national and personal unbelief. One. however, may have a feeling that it is arrogant; that u nation should assume to itself to play in the present day the role of Israel m the past—the rule of giving righteousness unto the world. Let us lay to imart that there was nothing in the call of God ro Israel that ought to have made anv Hebrea proud with anything but a proper pride: for, O brethren, has Uod ever given a blessing to an individual, hai He ever given a blessing to a family, that has not carried nith it an enormous, almost crushing responsibility? He cii,ose Israel, and so then—so then He chastened Israel, and made Israel pass through a furnace hotter than that in which any nation walked. And why? That Israel might be purified /or the work wliich Israel had to do. Bp sur^ of it, that if any nation has to-day to do the spscial work of the Eternal in tho world, that nation shall have to .suffer great trials in order that it may be cleansed; and that nation will have no cause to lie heady-minded, bccause of the great burden that shall be laid upon its mind and upon its conscience. When, therefore, we realizo not in vain that England has this immense service to render today for distant parts of the world that Israel did, then we are face to face with our sins. And this is a time to niuemhsr our sins. It is a good t.hing for a nation to understand how it stands, especially if it ha^ such a work to do; and there are two sins which an; b?mg brought home to God's people in England in the present day. One of them is pharisaism, the sin which afRicted Israel. Is it not, men and brethren, is it not a most significant as well as most painful fact that recent events in the world have shown us that wo have hardly one, if we have one, cordial friend? Has it not emerged that if we be not hated wc .ire at least disliked ; and if we be not disliked ::t lust we have not one love at the liauds of neighbouring nations? We cannot deny the lac:, although we may rebel against the reason. We sav the reason is that we arc so prosperoiis and so enterprising; that we are sosucciissful and pushing ; tint ouv very success has tilled other nations with miserable envy and jealous}-. Perhaps we had better finish the matter by adding that we are so perfect and so good that, they are also filled with envy and jealousy on that account, and then our self-conceit will be complete. Ought we not rather ask ourselves whether as a nation —and having had this great favour of the Eternal as 1 am urging to-night—whether, ;LS a nation we have borna ourselves like tho servant of God? Inona—in perhaps the most tender and beautiful passage in all the Old Testament, Isaiah liii., so dear to saints—there is a description of God's servant, which is supposed by some to be the Alessinh, by some to De God's people Israel; but the mark of him is not only that he is the means of great blessing to the world, but his humility, his tenderness, his sympathy, his lowliness. Have we been, a^i a nation, courteous to foreign nations, as wc go by individuals through their midst? Have we, in our literature and in our Press, always done justice to foreign peoples, and never blown our trumpet, our braxen trumpet, loudly in their faces? Is our character such—the character which we have earned through centuries such—that a foreigner will at once appreciate the goodness that is in us? Perhaps of all classes tha one tint most distinctly has given character to England up to the present time is the middle class—the class which ha£ been, 110 doubt, up to this time a great strength to the realm, but the class which has, above all classes, a good conceit of itself. It, of all classes, perhaps, has been to the present, the most earefuL, the most irreproachable ; and it has many sober and useful virtues, but 1 do not know that it has been lowly, and I do not know that it has been sympathetic. I ask middle-class people, if such be present, whether then: be not a striking likeness between us &jid; the Pharisees of old? We have had some cause to boasi, and we have boasted excessively ; and therefore, perhaps, it is good for us at the present day to have foreign countries, by their Pi-ess, saying unpleasant things about us which we do not like to read, and foreigners and friends to whom we tpeak telling us privately the reason of these things; good for us, not that we lose heart, but that wc go to God and pray that if we have sinned against him by sinning against other people we may be forgi ven, and forgiven that we may be j the better able to do His word. ' THE SIX OF 5IATI:IIIA!,ISM. The other sin which we always rc^aline in a national crisis, and at present therefore more than at other times, is the sin of materialism, which also greatly beset Israel. While Israel was a handful of farmers Israel was more or less spiritual. When Israel become rich and increased in goods you have only to read the prophets to note how the race for wealth entered, and the power of the rich and the suffering of the poor made an unhappy and miserable nation. We have grown ricli, and I am told—though you know better about these things than I do—that we were never richer thau at the present day. Rich in goods? I I pray you to define goods; and when we define goods how arc they defined? 1 think it is the money in the Savings Bank, which is verygood so far as it represents thrift and intelligence ; and the railways which we have made, wliich represent enterprise and the development of the country; these things and many other things. But these in themselves are not the goods of a nation. No, not exports and imports, and population and money—these are not the goodB of a nation. The goods of a nation are its intelligence; the goods of a nation are its integrity; the goods of a nation are its charity; the goods of a nation are its high and just spirit before God. Have you ever made a compaiison between the England of Queen Victoria and Elizabeth? For it seems there could be none between this enormously rich and smoky and toiling 1 England aud that poor England of Elizabeth's day; but it had greater writers than any man to-day, and it had hearts at least as holy as anv hearts to-day ; and it stood for its freedom bravelvand for the freedom, reiigiousand political, of the world, did that little Eugland of Queen Elizabeth. Wlierefore be not too lifted up, but le tus reliiemiKT this, that if our nation ever deeay it will not be from any power from without, or any unfaithfulness on the part of our God. It will be bscause some men have too much money, and some o'.her people have too little: and the west end of a city is one place, ana the east end is another, and the west and the east they come r.ot together. It will be because wc are divided among ourselves, and divided by the basest of ali things, divided by money. No combination of Powers shall ever overcome England, if England true to herself, if England i>e true to her God, in justice between man and man, in charity and symjiathy. When men were poor in Ronie the rich and the poor loved one another. When they grew rich the city was wr*icked- Whcrcfore we have to look to these things; and then having looked to these things, I will dare say that if we repent, and cleanse ourselves of car want of sympathy, and cleanse ourselves of our gread and pride, then I wril dare say that this country need not be afraid. 1 do not believe in a nation being afraid of any one except the Eternal; and the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Let us realize our^lves, and let us pray God to send us prophets that on the one hand will tell us our sins to our faces, but on the other hand will tell as that the Gcd of our fathers is our God, too. and that He will guide us, and use us for the great ends of His providence. You say " For what?" There is no nation on the facj of Ihe earth can govern as England can, with all the faults of her men, and with all tha want of sympathy which they shcuv many foreign races. There is nobody just now in the world denies that England can govern—govern in the highest sense, too; not put men merely in gaol, and hold people down by bayonets; no, but give order to a ctwiutry. ai:d give justice to a country, protect the poor from the oppressor, and put the rich man ill his place. Other nations have not that power. They have failed in it, both French ;'.ud German, with all the brilliance of the one, and all tin; scientific 1 achievements of the other; ;ind England has succeeded, and to that end she is God s iieople. Consider what has been done for India, and the work is not yet cumpicte. Consider what hash:-en done for Africa. Consider whr.t has been done for countries that I cannot mention, Mhcre women now arc i^afc, and whore there is and prosperitv. I I cr Governors are not always loved personally, not having the gracious manner that, it would lie well we had, but there is a belief in tho justicc of English government, which to me is aproof—one; of the proofs—that wo are God's people England. Therefore, let us do our work and not be afraid. Let us hold to all the heritage God gave us for this end, and not allo-.v it to bt) taken from our hand ; not merely, and not at all principally, for the sake of commerce, h:: • that we m:iy do tiie work G od ve us to do. To thai. < :irl let us make miy sacrifices, and to that end let us support the Government out and c.i', because it has a mission. That i.-, patriotism rr.ised up, not a base and mercenary patriotism, but a sense of an important work to do, to which wo have put our hands, and which we must finish before set of sun. AX IMI'O.ssn.LI: WA;:. Tt is possible we mav iiave i roub'es. Hut there are wars that would be acriinc, imd there is one war we. believe is not po u sible. It were one of the mo.-t awful disasters that could overtake the world, and would shine up lurid from historv, if we and people of our own blo'^d, people of our own history, people of our own faith, should fly at one another's throat = . That will not be allowed; not allowed bayonri the sea, where one of their greatest speakers shocked their Parliament only a few days ago, by rendering thanks to God that lie belonged to'the English race; not allowed hero by those who lav.; :md respect that people, and believe that v.o should join hand to hand with thtm for the bringing in cf God's kingdom. Yoj would be prepared to stand a good deal of talk from a person in your own house—talk you would not take from a stranger. "After ail it is flesh arc! blood, ar.d they are verv good people, ihoucli they lose their temper," you say alxjiit the friends in your house. So shall we take niar.v tb.rngs fixiiii our own flesh and h'.ood ling'iaud j will not take from any other body : and when j the little quarrel is over hearts wili he one again. We will take it, and across (he :,ca they do not mistake why we take it. They marked that we would nut be goaded to furv when, through the most patriotic and excellent motives, I believe, there was a mistake made m a public utterance. They marked that we would not be provoked to strike our brethren, but do not think it is cowardice ; for they notice how wc Iookand what wa arc rend v to do when a stranger comes in to dictate to u?. It has produced an enormous impression en the other side; not merely the impression thac wc are to be attacked, but the impression that w ' distinguish between folk, and that we kno our own biood, and love our own blood, and that blood i.s thicker than water. They have noticed it, and they are proud of us. Yes. and having an opportunity of seeing many American utterances, I have noticed with great pride and delight that more than one has sa.d that whatever be our little quarrels, and however they have to be settled, that if there came a great combination against the old mother-country, her daughter would be by her side; and that is bo. Wherefore now let citizens of this country see that wc keep peace with the people of our blood. A JUSTIFIABLE WAli. As regards the other people, we shidl have to be guided by circumstances, but shall never let slip the work God has given us to do. There are wars that are not only possible ; hut I will say, when other means have failed, are justifiable, and I will tell you what kind of war that would be. It would not be with any European Power—of which 1 am not thinking —but it would be with the Power, or any Power, or any part of a Power, which, is slaughtering God's people, and which ismakirg a Christian country into a shambles. If wc are God's people ill England, then surely to England ought the oppressed to look, and above all the Christian oppressed ; andsmci',' our blood is boiling within us, when we think of what has been done, not onlv to men, but to women and children, by the" barbarity of " ' " ' ' "" the Turk in Armenia. Men and brethren, it is not from this place that people would iiing out suggestions as to how a deliverance is to lie wrought; for these matters arc in the hands of our statesmen, who are as much God's statesmen as any statesmen in Israel. Let be thankful they are vise men and Christian men; aud although we do not know what reasons stay their hand, ve believe thev nrisl be good anil true reasons. At the same time our feeling is growing that something must be done to tnd an actrocity the like of which ha 1 not beei known in modern historv, and to ti?.-.t end wc pray the Government ot this cuur.Lry be guided ; and in the hour that they put lortii their hand, whatever way they may think wise, to save a Christian Church—to sa'~e a body of human people, whether the name of Christ be passed on them or riot—from this awful barbarity, in that hour we shall stand by our rulers and bid them godspeed. Ah, brethren, let, us thank God for our fathers behind us, aud tho way G-od led us. Let us feel our great responsibility, and endeavour to realize it by ourselves in our families and in our own iife, , fearing God and j o l doing righteousness, and so fulfilling the will of God. The God of Bethel, as we sing, shall j be our God also, nnd to Him, Father, Son. and j Holy Ghost, one God, be. glory, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end Amen. 