Black Heârt and White Heart. ! y A ZULU STORY. [BY H. RIDER HAGGARD.] CHAPTER III. THE prayer of the Bee notwithstanding, Phillip Haddon slept ill that night'He felt ' '. in the best of health, and his conscience was not troubling him more than usual, but rest he could not. Whenever he closed ihis eyeB his mind conjured up a picture'bf-the grim witch doctoreas, so strangely named the Bee, and the sound :of her evil-omened words as he had heard them that afternoon. He was neither a superstitious; man nor a timid one, and any supernatural beliefs that might linger in his mind were, to say the least of it, dormant But do what he could, he could not shake off a certain eerie sensation of fear, lest there should be some grains of truth in the prophesyings of this hag. What if it were a faot that he was near his death, and that the heart. which beat so strongly in his breast would soon b« still forever-no, he would not think of it. This gloomy place and the dreadful : sight which he ssw that day had upset his nerves. The domestic customs of the Zulus were not pleasant, and for his part he was determined to he clear, of them so soon as he was able to escape the country. I In fact, if he could in any. way,, manage it, it was his1-intention to make a dash ¡for the border on tho following night. . Tq do this with a good prospect, of - success, how ' ever, it was necessary that he ¡should kill a buffalo.. or some, other .head, of,, game. Theil, as he know well,.the hunters with him .would feast upon meat until they could .scarcely,stir, aud that would be his oppor tunity. Nahoon, however, might not suc cumb to .this temptation, therefore : he must trust-to luck to be rid of him, If it came to the worst he could put a bullet through him, wliioh he considorudhe would be justi " fied in, doing, seeing that in reality the ,ir| an, was'his jailer. 'Should this, necessity arise be - felt indeed that he could face it without undue compunction, for in truth he disliked Nahoou; ut times he even hated him. - Their natures were antagonistic; and he knewtthut the great Zulu distrusted and ? looked down upon him, and to bo looked ? down upon by a savage " nigger." was more thaffhis pride; could stomach.??.,-. ? 'At the first break of dawn. Haddon rose au¿ roused his escort, who were still stro ? oiled-in-sleep around tho . dying fire, each man wrapped in his karass. or ,blanket Nahoon stood up and shook ?_ himself, look " iug'gigantic in the. shadows of the morning. . 'What is your w(ill, Umlungu (white ulan), that you are.up before the sun ?'; ' My will, Muntumpofu (yellow man), is to hunt buffalo,' answered Haddon; coolly, lt ' irritated hiui that this .savage should give him no title of auy sort. ', : ' . .. ;-v ' Your . pardon,' said the Zulu, reading ; his thoughts,, '. but I cannot call you Inkoos, H because you arenotmy chief, or aúy-man's, still,-.if the title '?white1nian ' offends, you; we will'givetyou a name.' . ? ^ ,. . ?. j - ' As.you.will,' answered.Hadden'briefly. Accordingly thoy gave him. aúname, Inh \- liziti Myana, by which ho was known among thom thereafter, but II arl den was not host pleawod'when he found that the moaning of these sott-sounding syllables was ' Black Heart.' That was .how the iuyanga" had addressed him, only 'she used- ditTereut words. . - . i * ' ? An hour later and .thoy. were in the ' swampy b'ush country that lay behind, the encampment . searching. '-tor their game. Within a very little while Nahoon held up his hand,: theu pointed tùr-the ground. Hadden lookud ; thore, . itre.ssed-deep in the marshy soil, and tn all appunraneo not ten minutos old, was tho spoor of a sntùll herd of buffalo. ; , . I knew that wo should find game to-day,' whispered Nuhoun, 'because vite: iRue said so.' 'Curse tho Bee,', answered Hadden below his breath. -' Come on.'1 For ti quarter of au hour or more they followed the spoor through the thick reeds, till suddenly .Naitoon~ whistled, very softly and touched Hudden's arm. * He looked up, and there, about three hundred yards away, -feeding on "some -higher ground. among a patch of mimosa, trees, «were the. buffaloes, eix'of :. thom¿''an ' old bull with : a ' splendid head;" three cows;- a heifer; and. a calf'about four months old. Neither the wind nor the . nature--of.-the- veldt-.-were-'-favourable for ., them' to.stalk the game from ? their v pres ont position, so they made a detour of half ;a' mile, and very earefully( crept toward thom u'p" tho¿wind¿ slipping, from-trunk- to trunk of ,the mimosap,, and,- ..when,, these .failed .them, crawling on their ""stomaohs under \- dover of ; tho , tall . tumbuti rgrass. At hist' . -thoy-wero within, foi ty yards, and a further ' advance seemed impracticable, for, although ho could not smell thora, it was" evident ? - from his movements that the old; bull had heard some unusual sound, and was grow \- ing suspicious. Nearest to Hadden.'. who . . alone ? of, the j party had a -? rifle; -. stood" the* ? -heifery^broadside - on^-ra:- .beautiful- shot'.f "Remembering that she would make the' bosii " beef, he lifted his Martini, and, aiming- at* ? her immediately behind tho shoulder, gently' ¡- squeezed the trigger. i -The- rifle 'exploded;' and the heifer fell ? dead, shot through the! heart. - Strangol.v enough the other buffu, loes djd not at once run away. On the con-? t.'ary, they ,seemed; puzzled to - accou nt for 'tho'sudden . noise, änd, ''noY being able to' wind anything, lifted their heads and stared around them. The pause. guVo, Haddon space to get in a fresh cartridge and to aim again; this time, at the old.bull. .Thê-bullet struck him. somewhere, ju the nook or shout- | ;. dur, for he carno to his knees, but in'another '? second was up, and having:"oaught "sight of ? the aloud of : smoko- he : charged straight at ' it. ' Because of this smoke, or for some other renson, Hadden didmotsoe him tom . :.ing,iand ein consequence would most cer tainly have been trampled or. gored, had not Ñahoon sprung forward at tho imminent risk of his owu life and dragged him down \- 'jbohind' an ant heap. * A j monierit''moro andi the great boast-had thundered by,- taking no further notice of them. r [?}. Forward !' said -H addon, an d lonving.. \- -most/of. the. men. to foutiup' tho-heifer and carry th erbest of her moat to camp, thoy started on the blood spoor. . " .? . ' ?'jt-a.3 "For some hours they followed the1 bull, tm at la«ti'tb.ey lost the spoor ou a patch of ? j -I... ?.;.??'?? . ; ' ? -i atony ground thickly covered with büsK, and, exhausted by the heat, sa; down to rest and to eat come biltong, or sun-dried flesh, whioh they had with them. They finished their meal and were preparing to return : to the camp when one of the four Zulus who were with them went to drink at a little stream that ran at a distance of not more than ten paces away. Half a minute later they heard a hideous grunting noise and a splashing of water, and saw the Zulu fly into the air. All the while that they were eating, the wounded buffalo had been lying in wait fer thpm under a thick bush on the banks of the streamlet, knowing, cunning brute that he was, that sooner or later his turn would come. With a shout of consternation they rushed forward to see the bull vanish over the rise before Hadden could get a chance of firing at him, and to find their companion dying, for the great horn had pierced his lung. ? . .. it. ' It is not a buffalo ; it is a devil,' the poor I fellow gasped, and expired. I ' Devil or not, I mean to kill it,' exclaim ed Hadden. So, leaving the others to carry the body of their, comrade to camp, he started on, accom -anied by Nahoou only., Now the ground was more open, and tho' .chase easier, for they frequently Bighted their quarry, though they could not,come near enough to fire at it. Presently they; travelled down a steep oliff. ; i ' Do you know whore we are ?' asked Na-': hoon, pointing .to a belt of forest opposite/ ' That is Emagudu, the home of the dead," ¡ and look the' bull heads for it.' . j . i Hadden glanced round him. It was true; ! yondor to the loft were the fall, the pool of ; doom, and the hilt!of-the Bee. i . 'Very well, he answered,- ' then we must head for it, too.' '.w I Nahoon halted. -' ' Surely you wóuld not i enter there,'he exclaimed. -,,¡. I 'Surely I.will,' replied Hadden, 'but, there is no need for you to do so if you are afraid.' ? ' I am afraid-of ghosts,'said the Zulu, i ' but I will como.?/; . - ; So they orossod the strip of turf and in - tered the haunted'wood: It was a gloomy place 'indeed; great, : wide-topped trees grew thick there, shutting out the sight'of tho sky ; moreover,-tho air, in it, which no breezestirred, was heavy with the exhala tions- of- the -rotting foliage.';..;There seemed to be no life here aud no sound, only now; and again a loathsome spotted snake would uncoil itself and glide away, and now and again a heavy bough would-fall with a ?orash. - ' i.-,'..; Kl ?:??.?[! ? Hadden was too intent upon the buffalo, however, to be much impressed by his sur^ roundings.- He >only : remarked that .the light would, be bad for shooting, and went i-on. ? ' ' - They must have penetiHted a mile or more into the forest: , when the sudden increase ! of Wood upon the spoor told thom that the hull's wound was proving fatal-to him. - : ' Ruo, now,' said Hadden cheerfully.. > «Nay, hnmba gachlé-go softly,' answered Nahoon.. 'The devil- is.-dying but he will I try to play us another trick . before he dies,' and.he weiit on, peering ahead of him . cami 'onslv. - , ' It is all right here, «ny way,' said Hadden pointing to. the spoor that ran straight foi f.wardjprinted deep in-t.heioarshyj ground. , ., : Nahoon did noe answer, but stared steadily at the trunks-of two rtrnes va few spaces, in front of them and to their right. ' Look,', he whispei cd. .' ;.¡. Hidden did so and at length made ont' the outline of something bro wm thatwus crouched behind tl è trees. .'He is dead,' he exclaimed. 'No,' answered Nahoon, ' he . han come back un his own path and is waiting for us Ho knows that we two aro following his spoor Now, if you stand here, I think tliat yon can shoot him throuulr the «back between the tree . trnriks;' -/tjj.-v < ? ?'. i , ;, i --..-,-i ? - . : Ilaiiden knelt down, and aiming very carefully al a point just below the bull's spine lie fired.. There was an awful bellow, and the next instant .the .brute was up und at them. Nahoon flung his broad apear, whioh sank deep into its.chest ; then they fled: this way,and that. - The buffalo stood still -: for a moment,, its forelegs straggled .wide and its head down,-looking first after one and .then t he other, till,of a .sudden it uttered a: low moaning Hound and rolled over dead, smash ing Nahobn's" 'assegais tov' fragments as ' it fell. , , -' There? he's .finished,'; said- Hadden, and,' I bplieve it was your assegai that killed him. Hullo ! - what.V^tliat noise.?'. :?.'. ??>?.?<?'? Nalioón listened. --In "several quarters of the forest,',but'from how far away it WAS im possible to tell,. there rose a curious sound ' us to people calling-to each other in fear, butin : no articulate language. Nu hoon shivered. f% 'jltiis^the -Esemkofui'jhe said,- ?' tho-ghosts .whoi have no to'ngVio and whoXcan .only : wail like infants. Let us he going, this place in bad for/mortals:' -'^i '$.»>..«' ' And .worse for buffaloes,' said Hadden, giving tho dead hull a kick, ' but 1 suppose we must leavo hinrho'ro for your friends the Esnmkofu, ns wo have meat enough and càn'l i carry bis head.' . - . : . ÄSo.theyiHtarted: buck, toward the open conn ery .-i-i-s-AB^ they; threaded : their,way .?' slowlj :throiighrtho¿troe'"trunkB a - now; ide* entered Hadden's mind. Once.out of this forest;--hr was within an hour's run of the; Zulu bor j|der,;aniI;Once over the Zulu bolder he would feel a happier »mn than he', did'-'at j that mo nient. "/As luis been «aid, he had intended I.to attempt'to escape in the darkness, but the r plan .WHS t ¡«ky. All the Zulus ¡might not .overeat themselves arid go to sleep;especially after the 'leath of their comrade; Nahoon, wh<' -'.wa'taheri him day and_niglit,'- certainly Would not;i. i'iThis was his opportunity-but there re mained -tho question of Nahoon.'. .> iWfll, . if.it came to the worst, Nahoon mtiHtUlie ; it would be easy; ho, had a loaded rifl" and now that th« «Ksegaj-WHSJ gone -Na hoon had only u ketry.-- He^icPtiot wish to kill. th« tuan, though it..waa clear to him, seeing that his own safety WHS at stake, that he would - be. amply justified in HO doing. Why ahoi!ld he not put it to'him-and then :be guided by circumstances ? '. L - . \ VNaboonXwas^walking ^across fa - li t tie ; open space'«, bout-ten'spaces «lioad of bini where he could see him- veiy o..well^-whilei he himself was under the-sh-ulöw of a large tree with low . horizontal branches running out from the trunk. , " ' , _ ^ ,, *' Nahnon,' IIB'said. 1 '" ~ -<fi>' i The Zulu turned mund'and took>A step toward him, -.-, ?Nb, do not move, 1 pray. Stand'where you are, or I shall ba obliged to shoot you Listen, now ; do not be afraid, for I shall not tire without warning. I ana your prisoner, arid you are charged to take me back to the King to be his servant. But I helieve that a war is goinç to break out between your people and mine, and this being so, you will understand that I do not winh to go to Gety wayo's kraal, because I should either come to a violent death there, or nay own brothers will believe that I am traitor and treat me accordingly. The Zulu border is not much more than an hour's journey away, let us Bay an hour and a half s sturt-or - will'you stop here with that ghost people with - whom you talk ?Do you understand t No, please do' not move ?' ? 11 understand you,' answered the Zulu in a perfectly composed voice,' . and I think that was a good "name which we gave you this* morning, though, Black Heart, there is some justice in your words ; and more wisdom. Your opportunity is good and one. which a man named as you are should not fail.' 'I um glad to find that you take that view; i of the matter, Nahoon. And »ow you will,, I be so kind as to lose mo, and to proinise^not i to look for aie till.'the.unoon is up-?' ? . ' What do you moan, Black Heart ¥ ..'.'.'.'. . 'What I say. Come I have .no timé to spare.' ' : " * " '.'(' \' You are a strange man,', said the Zulu re flectively, ' yon heard the King's orders: to me ; would you have 'me disobey the order of the King?' ; '. Certainly E. would." You have,no. reason to love,Cety wayo, and it does .not- matter to .you whether or no lvrntiirn to his. kraal to v mend guns there. , If you think thaï he will ,be angry because I "am missing you had,better cross the border also ; we can go together.' .'And leave my father and all.-.my brethren to his vengeance. . Black Heart, you do . not .understand.,. How can yon, being,so.named, l àm a soldier, and the King's word is the King's word. I hoped to have died; fighting hut I am the bird in your noose. Come, shoot or yon will not reach tho hor.ler bpfore moon rise,' and he opened his arms and smiled. . . . ?.If it must be, so let it,bo.'" Farewell Na hoon, ut least you are a brave nan, hut overy one-of us tn ust cherish his own life,' answer ed Hadden calmly, ,.\\. : , , . .Then,' wit lr much - deliberation,' he raised : his ride, and covered the Zulu's breast; ' i Already-while his . victim . stood there, still smiling, although the twitching : of hts lips betrayed'; the natural terrors thai no bravery can: ha nish-already his finger, was 'contracting on .the trigger, when, of a sudden, as instantly, indeed, as though . ho had'been ? struck by lightning, Madden wont down back > ward, and, J behold J there stood upon him H great'»potted beast, that wu ved its tail to und fro and glared down into his eyes. . .-?.< . ' .' It was a leopard,' a tiger; as they« call it in .Africa,'wliioh, crouched upon: a: bough of the tree ahovei hud been unable to resist the temp tation of satisfying its «avago appetite on the ?man below, > For a second or two there was silence,,broken only hy tho purring,'or rather the snoring Hound, made by. the leopard, and iiñ those seconds there sprung no before FI lid dell's- mental vision a picture of the inyanae .Called, the dnvosi, or Bee, ber death-like head resting against tho thatch of (IIB hut and her deathlike lips muttering ''think of ruy wort when the great cat purs above your face." : .Then the britte put ont its strength. . The claws of one paw. drove deep into the muscles of his left thigh, while with another it scratch' ed at- his breast, tearing, tho .clothes from it, and furrowing .the flesh beneath., . The sighl of the while skin seemed to madden it, alic inits fierce-dcsirn. for blood- it dropped .itt squat <r muzzle am) buried, its fan^s in its vic tim'ii shoulder. Next moment - there .wus'i sound of rushing feet mid of a club fullui; heavily.. . Up . reared the " léopard, ?' with ai angry "snarl, up till it stood HK high' as tin Zulu . who attacked it. At him it came, 'striking out savagely, and : tearing tue bluet man as it had torn the white. Again th« kerry, fell full on its jaws, and down it wen! buckwaid. - Before it could rise again, oi rather us it was in the net of rising, the he» vj knobstick struck itonco more, and with faa rfu! force, titi» time HS it chanced, full on the nape of the neck paralyzing it. It writhed and bil and twisted, throwing . up the 'earth ¡ am leaves, and blow after blow iwas rained n pox tit; till: at length, with a convulsive struggle and a stifled roar, it lay still, the brains ooz ing from its shattered skull. -. .¡.';. :.,'.... .?'. Hadden sat up, the ' blood- running from his wounds. ?.>.'' - -. ;j .. ' You have saved my life, Nahoon,' he said, faintly, ' and 'I- thank yuu.'-' ?:. ».i -.'!?.. .. ;'? -;' ' Do'iiot thank iííor Black Heart/answered the . Zulu, ' it : was the -King's;- word that J -should have kept Biifoly.i Still /tlfiit tiger huf .been' hardly dealt with,-for certainly lie. hat saved my life,' und, lifting tho Martini tifle, he unloaded it. » - - , ; --At thisjuncture Hadden swooned.-',:- .'-.':. '.:'! Twenty-four hours -had gone . hy', when after-what' seomed to him to: be but alittlr time of trouble and dreamful -sleep, throng! which he could- hear'-voices >jwithout;unaer standing-i what they-said, aud -. feel bi m sei borne he know not whither,- /Haddon awoke to lind himself lying'upnii a, kuross in a large land . beautifully .clean Kultii lint ? with s bundin.of -furs: for : a: pillow. -;."¡There : was'a bowl of milk at his side; and -tortured RS he 'was by thirst, ho tried to stretch out his arm to lift it to his lips, only to find toMiii aston ishment- that.his hand, foll bnck to bia sid«' like that - of u dead man. Looking around the. hut.impatiently, he found that there wat nobody.in it to assist him, so- ho did the only thing whioh remained for .him, to,- do and lay still., He did not.,full, asleep, but his- eyet I closed and a kind of gentle.torpor crept over him, , half oliRcuiing his 'recovered sonses Presently;he. heard a soft Voice speaking ; it seemed far away, but he could clearly dis tinguish the words./ . a . ^ , " :,, ,; Black heart still .sleeps.', it said, M but .there is color iii. his face. I think, ¿hat he wil wake soon «nd fand his though tn again,: "? .' Have no fear,-Nanea, he will surely wak« hiB burts are not dangerous, answered unothei voice that of 'Nahoon. 1 Ho fell heavily,' with the weight of the, tiger on top' of, him, ant that is why his sennes have been' shaken foi BO long., :: Ho went near to ds&th;, but'oertaiïi ly Ito shall not die,' , ' .'? ;,It would hiivo been a pity if he" had'died, answered.the soft voice,.' he is so beautiful never ha ve.I Moen a white man who wurst leftUliful," ' I did "not think him beautiful when he stood with his rifle pointed at my heart,' an swered Nahoon sulkily. : Well, there is this to he said,' she replied * he wished to escape from Oety wayo, and that is not to be wondered at,' and abe sighed. * Moreover he asked you to come ' with him, ' and.it might have been well, if you had done so,; that is; if you would have taken me with you !' '' ' : '?' ; .'-. How could I have done it, girl V he asked angrily. '.Would you have me set at nothing the order of the King ¥ ?'"? - « The King,' she replied raising her voice. '. What do you owe to this King ? You haye, served him faithfully arid your reward; is'that .within a-few day's he will;'takè me; f rom jyouy me, .who.should.have beenj youri wife,' and ?I must-rt mustr and she began"to" weep softly adding between her sobs.! If you loved me ítruly yon: would''think-more of me and'of yourself,' and less of the 'Black -One) and .'his ' orders." Oh 1 lot us. fly, 'Nahoon, let us fly to -Nata 1 'before ;this'¿spear:p'iereesua.!-.«: '5 :r,. ?'. WiWp'^-nplí,*''NBn'í'á/í.he~4iBÍd,*'i ''why r*'do ¿you tear my heart.iu two between my duty Ähd m'y.'love.?. Yon; know that lt- ámr a soldier ärjd that-1 must- walk '.the.; path, - whereon- the ¡3fcíng?h'ils!;Het' ..iiiy feet; :' Booh Ï- think. I'shall 3» deäfä ', fot .ï 'seek ; ^deuilï; ' ' and;'* then' 'i t' ' w il I . 'fatter notn'ing.'. '''¡; ' ; 'r'.*./;.'" ..'';: ' Iii' ?' NÄthingVtö'youl^ but ¡tame ? .'Yet,: you aro right abd I know it,, therefore forgive;me, who um no warrior,, but, a woman and who must also-obey the will 'pf the : Ki ng,' and she < .cast her. ; arms-about his neck, sobbing her fill upon his-breast. .' , / ! ' [TO BE CONTINUED]. 