Traditions of Sailors. , Prom timo immemorial, in all lands nnd among nil nations tbo lives' o£ tlioso wlio follow tho soa ns a vocation liavo boon filled with superstitious and uncanny legends. The mystory of tlio oooiin lins furnisliod material for pootsand novelists in a most; bountiful manner. !No matter whoro a travollor may find himsdlf ho will 'bo confronted by logonda and traditions poouliar to oaob moo of mariners. Sailors and fishermen ui-o porhaps tlio most superstitious class in tbo wholo world, for tlio bulk Of tliom sporid thoir livos on tlio bosom of tlio vasty doop, ' surroundod 1 by the mighty mysiorio's of, nature, and with only a plank bo twoon tliomHolvos and oiornity . Tho vory naturo of tlioir (Vocation londs itsolf to boliof in quaint and mystorions' things, wliioli in tlio busy tin d noisy lifo of a landsman, would porhaps pass nniioticod. , Tho 'marvellous stridos mado in1 rooont yoars in stoamsliip building have dono a groat doal in , eradicating suporstitious boliof, for lifo on ft stoamsliip. is not so 'solitary arid lonely as a long voyago on a bailing vosboI j but, even to-day tlio old traditions hold Bway among'tho mariners in a, marked dogreo. Whoro' a landsman .'would only soo aaorios of coinoidoucos, a 'Bailor at onco dotoots tho prosdnoo oii mliipboard ; of a ' joiiali' or ?'hoodoo. Tho origin of tlieso torniH is univorsally known, andstrango to say tho application of the names has survived through oonturios .to tlio prosont timo. ? ' . ? ? Tho Biblical story of tho quioting of tha soa wlaon Jonah was throwji overboard originated tho boliof that a sorios of mishaps to a ship is duo to tho prosonco of a ' jonali/' oitliov in! tlio liihapo of a human boing, an animal, or a, oorfcain artiole. Tho hoathpn praotieos in Africa by witch doctors or disoiplos of Voodoo in, bringing bad luck to any onti is tho origin of ' plaoing a hoodoo ' upon, a porson or plaao^ It will thus bo soon that sailors roadfly see in a worios of ffttalitioH tho prosonoo of a jjoimlijor a hoodoo, resulting iu tlioir boliof from fmporstmous traditiouH of mftiry ngos, In addition to ' thd boliof in Jonahs and JiaodooH, sailors nro mo«t orodulons ns to tho oxistonoo of marine monstors, iloatiug islands, and treasure oaves, whlah oolipno thoso dos» oribod in ' Tho Arabia^ Nights.' On a dark and stormy night at sea tlio imagination roadily londs itsolC to woli'd nnd nnoiinny oroatious, and ovon to tlio prosoxit day ships oomo into port, aud tho siiiloi'S iu all serious n oss will iioll of Iuigo soa-sorponts, mermaids lind 'mormon, sttbmarlnq' rosidonoos, ghosts, apoolcs, and a thousand and ono phivutoms jvbioli tlio braiu oau potinibly oonjui'o up, / 