[?] 1 t POWERFUL DRAMiTIG STOST Y JEAS7 MXDDLBMASS, Autkok or ''' ' , if'Two False Mores," "A Girl in aThousand," "Tlio Mystery of Clement Dunraven," ' "Sealed witliaKiss," "By Fair Means," . / ' &0., (to. hill queensland rights reserved, j ' . CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Cmtimied,) ' It was evident that General Southby did not tiro: id tho vicar's tongue as much as Racliol did, and instead of aiisivoriiqr slio looked from the one to tlio oilier in- Heine alarm. T'ho Ooncral, however, only smiled. Ho had no intention of rcvoiiliii!- niiylhinq that, was not already an open secret, Grcjf himself having infilfoii niifc frnnl v. < " Will you gi vo mo u lift to tlio Maisonnette, Mrs. Bolncrson !" lioiiskcd, " for my old limbs aro somowlint unused to much walking." . " With tlio (fi- eatcst plensiiro." " Good-bye, vicar. Don't lot people talk more than you can help. Tho affair will soon be squared, or my name is not Southby." " Uood-byo, Mr. Salt," echoed Racliol. " I was sorry to out you so unceremoniously short the other day, hut I hud to cntrli a train." Aud so tho vicar was dismissed with much politeness, hut with ovidont intention, aud even now lie hud hud no clianco of performing Sicclc's commission nud iuul to c.onsolo himself with a chat with Dink Vcnables, whom lio mot a little further on, and who told him several ' tilings lie did not lcuow before, among others that Alan Wollis had arrived at tho Court, aud had |iaid a visit to tho Willow Marsh, and liud Iuul a long prirato conversation with its muster. This information, of course, Vonablcs had - received fruni Mrs. Cubitt. Altogelhor tho crowding and rapidity of events was becoming almost too inuoli for tlio good vicar's brain. If the (liillculties that lay in Raohol's path had been his to stum the task would, liavo boon simply impossible to him. Even Raohcl was thankful to have Goncral Southby by licr side, for she know ho was a cloiir-hcadod, capable man of tlio world, who could not. only grasp a situation, but would hiimllo it delicately. " Well, tills is a nico business," ho said as soon as t.licy worn niit of earshot of. tho vicar. " I would give my right hand rather than Sicclc's mtmo should ho dragged through tho mire in connection with that hlackguurit I'ludyer. Grog duscrvos lo lose her for his rashness in interfering with tlio scamp." "I. suppose iic liud heard of tho affair at Purkliurst ami was irritated." " On the contrary, ho did not know a word of it until I foolishly lot it out lust evening, when I ciiino ilbwn in answer to a wire from Sioolo. I wns rather sorry I hail com mitted myself, as Greg put himself into such a passion that I l'car that ho has hud a had night. Howovor, I bolievo on tlio whole ho is better this morning, aud all 1 hope is that Wo shall find him amenable to roason." " What (lo you propuse to do." "I propose to make Fliulycr apologiso, ,whicli will, I fancy, not he so difilimll as to got Grog to accept tho apology. Mr. und Mrs. Wallis aro naturally very angry about tho whole iiffuir. Thoy were just about con sidering tlio mutter as to whothor, now tlmt Greg lias received a very good fortune through tlio (lentil ofhisuuulcand sister, onliis promise that lie would he loss Bohemian und mora inclined to rceogniso civilised laws in the future, thoy might not perhaps give iiiin the dour little girl ho so ardently lovos, when, lo und holiold. Master Grog gets into one of tho worst scrapes ho was over involved in, and iiiilurally ho upsets his chunoo altogotlior. " Wo must try nud talk thorn over; Sicolo Will ho hoiirt-hrokon as well as Greg." " Of course, I know tlmt ; hut it will ho absolutely useless for either you or mo to interfere if lib persists in fighting Flu'dyor — tearing him limb from limb,' as lio elegantly expresses it. The Wullises will never give in unless peace is prncluimed nil round... You must use your iniluvuco. with him, Mrs. lloldorson. I uin so glad you aro going to Eeo iiiin." " Sioolo would liavo moro influence," said Rachel meekly. "Exactly, hut thoy keep lior carefully guarded ub tlio house. I don't believe thoy will let lior go near tlio Maisonnette. But never iniml, Mrs Boldorson, wo will pull tho business through."' - "Anyway wo will do our best, but to have two lovo affairs on ouo's hands at tlio same time is no joke." "Hey-day, IToy-day ! I don't know any thing about another." "Alan Wallis nud my stop-daughter. Is to not staying ill Hazel Court?" " Of ouurao, yes, yes. That accounts for a groat doiil. Ho uiime in yesterday just ns I arrived, looking rather a ghost — scarcely Bpoko at (liiiiicr, aud spent tlio greater part of the night walking iqi anil down over in)' henil. I thought it wus.grief for Ills father's dentil thill, was agitating liim tlum. So — so —a lovo affair is it? Well, I was a boy once myself. What is tlio hitoli in that quarter, Mrs. Boldorsou ! Does not tlio young lady siuiiu on liim ?" ' "It is not that," liud Racliol boenmo nlittlo confused. " I think ho and Air. Boldorson did not quito ngroo about .something." "Yet Ainu litis a vast fortune. Thoro should bo no disiigrcemont. Wo must soo what is to ho done. I liavo novor hud the pleasure of seeing. Miss Boldcrsuu, but I always sympathise with young people. As you say, my dear lmly, wo have our hnnds full. So inuoli the holler if wo succeed." Just at this moment, thoy drovo up to tho Maisonnette, thus thoro was no timo for any further dismission. If Greg was to bo kept quiet, and was feverish after u had night, tlio remedies ormdueivo to health wero scarcely being enforced, for though lie was sitting in in iiriii-oliair in the studio, aud ids head was bandaged wiltl eold compresses, lie was talk ing .rapidly, and gesticulating freely, wliilo Alan Wallis wus walking up und down tho room in a state of oxcitoinont that was akin to frenzy. Tlio two young men wero trying to settle tlio knotty points in thoir life-histories, with out tlio intervention of their elders. Alan had no intention of giving up his beloved Ursula, whatever anyone might say, but the ilesiro wna strong upon him to got n friendly roioo to toll him that what lio wns about lo do was well ; aud with whom, in his hour of need, would ho find moro sympathy than with his cousin Grog ? Truo, Grog wus ill, and Iiimself besot bv difficulties, hut tlio ciiso would brook no dofuy. 136 to Grog Alan wont, with tlio last letter his father had punned to liim, and which Grog road most iittentivoly. : ' " Well, and iiavo you uskod Mr, Boldorson to explain tho past ?" "Yes, and it Boarooly redounds to liis credit. Moro I cannot say." ' ' "But you sea in itnopaiiso " "No onuso to givo up my sweot Ursula ; certainly not. Would you givo up Sioolo' if Boine ono told you that tjuolo Wallis's life hnd Boarcbly boon as unshadowed by dishonour as it ought to liavo boon ?" " Novor. If tho fair fame of ovory - sweet woman was to'bb bluukeneil by hor father's vices — fair fame, it strikes mo, would bo at a oonsidorahlo discount." , And Grog laughed noisily, for tlio mood wus cu liim to bo reckless. ; - h " Tlion I havo your snnotlon for following ' tho dictates of my heart — . ; . > ((Look horo, Alan. You aro a . man ; , ; surely you., can .juilgo for voursolf, Fanoy coming.- to ' mb, tlio Bonomian, inuoh- \- roprobotod Grog, to consult oil . Buch a matter;'' I't";' - : I) Gi'og; old follow, thoro Is no ;oho'in tlio V whole- world ' wlioso ndvioo.-I would; nsk or toko'f but: ybiirs; and : In suoh a great 'stop'tib . this I would not .think of going forward i-wltliout coiisulting you. Judgo. of ' what impurtaneo I hold my cousin Grog whon ;I am keeping ;my bolored 'Ursula waiting for mo whilb rcotao round horo to lay my affairs before him.", v , ' ; . ' ;"'Go" to tho'dovil, " cried Greg, who was -loosido i liims'olf . with fovorlsli oxoltomont, . " and don't como humbugging mo like tlmt. Mam- yonr- -Ursula and. sottlo . down into a pbrr derfamillo. Hor: .father's past atory ''wbiiit harm.hor, ospooially sinoo no ono soems ' -to !(Muw it.;)hiit, -look here, my .boy, soo, that ' . . jou 's(iua8h;tho 'LuoiUo, Lafargo out oi hot, and bring her as muahias possible undor tho influ'onop of the angolib Raohel, whom sho is rathor inclined to ignore." "Oh, thoy liavo houoino- groat frlb'ndB ; in faot, Ursula has rather (taken- to oxaggorate tho littlostep- inothor's good qtiulitios." - : "Then,' bloss you my children, hlbss you; Happiness and poaop, and— by. Jovo- — < At this momont Riiohel, aooompaniod by General Southby, oame in. -i « ' .. Tho : situation was somewhat oomlbi '. or would have hcoii.Ro, had it not boon : ai) very real. Anyway, it. savoured of batiiob, as.'did most of Greg's realities,, since ho novor oquld bring his mind into ;u condition of seriousness for very long togothor. . . ' . While tlio neiv-eomers woro inquiring uftor his health Alan took tliev opportunity to dsbllpo.' "He bad got the' bhcduragbmoiit ho wanted from Greg,' and .was off to tho Willow Marsh us fast lis nimble young legs, -would carry hiin. " ' ' ' Racliol would havo no - morb troublo with that couple, ub. least Pot in tho way- of .trying to crraugo tlio matoli. Whether Julian Wallis slumboring in his gravo ' in'-Foib-la Cliaiso would liava bean as satisfied is doubt ful ; but then lie. should nob liavo loft. that paper telling his son to follow tho dictates of his own. heart aud jildgmeiit and'lie would havo his lilossing. , , ; . . , . That ho hiicl douo_ so was only to ho uccounted for by tlio fore-shadow of death which not iiifrcqltontly softons ond oliiluges tlio wiiolo.of a inun'h naturo. ; . c ; > ' When Raohol wont into tlio room and saw Grog sho was, so shocked at ins appearance tlmt Bhc dirl iint take miioh notioo of Alan or his speedy departure. ' - 1 -' ' Slio.liad during her brief ncquaintanoo with Greg failed to. discover how. tworBidcd his nature wns, and sincb slio had invariably scou him in his moro sbrious mood, sho - at onao iiseribod the exulted rcoklossucas in .whioh ho , was now indulging , to tlio fact of his hoing terribly ill, liud with' kindly womanlinsns as lier wont alio at onoo ; sought to sootlio and oossct liim. It was tho vory wisest course she could havo taken, anil hnd tho dosircd olfcqt. In a very fow moments Grog liud become much more tranquil and anionnhlo to tho dictates of prudence, though quite half-nn- hour ol-ipsod before oitlier General Southby or Racliol thought it expedient to touch on tlio suiijcot with which their ininda wore brimming over. They hud not, howover, wasted their timo by romaining silont since tlioy had alloivod Grog to lot off muoli superfluous steam by permitting -hint to toll them with milch goHtiire and wordiness how ho had boon treated .by that " blackguard Flndyer." Also, ho wnH porinitted not only to inveigh furiously aguinst him for 'tho apisnde in coimootioii with' Sioolo at Park- hurst, hut also to enlighten- them— both hearing this part of tho" stoby for the ' first timo— how Joiiny . Fludyor had poisoned by her presence the dying momonts of his beloved sister. Jt was evident that to bring nhout a treaty of peace botween Grog and. tho mastor of Parkhurst would bo no eiisy matter, und General Southby almost rcgrotted that ho.luid undertakon it, seeing thut lio oxpcctcd quite ns much opposition from Sir Austin Fludver as it wns ovidont he would roooivo from Grog. ButforRuuholhoccrtiiinly wouldnothnve stood tlio least ohlinoo of bringing matters to happy (lononoment. Grog would liavo flouted tho General without tho slightest scruple, hut Rachel had such a graceful pleasant way of putting tilings ; sho manipu lated them with such a gentle touch, tliut it was quite impossible to Grog to ho angry with anything sho said. Never till now that ho wus vouchsafing to hor tho privilege of frcoly probing his wounds did ho l'ccogniso how absolutely devoted he wus to Mrs. Boldorson Ho resisted, howovor, manfully, for a oon sidorahlo timo. "No I will novor accept an apology from Austin Fludyor, suoh a villain as ho is. Ho ought to bo soourged off the earth ; and only wait until I. have recovered my health aud strength, and thon see whothor Fludyor will be permitted to live many days." , "Murder your onemy, and lose Sicele, surely an effectual way of settling tho diffi culty, " said Raohol, tersely. . Greg was staggered. ' ' Lose Sicolo ? Why Hliould I loso Sioolo — bceiiuso I punished tlio man who insulted her?" " Is it likely that hor parents will give her to a blood-stained wretoli who has sot at naught aliko tlio laws of his country and thoso of good senso and good feeling." ' Greg grow very fidgety, and did not speak. It was ovidont that Raohol's words woro Doing weighed. Ho would not, however, givo in without an argument. Ho would not have' boon a man had lio dono so. Thus, nftor a brief pause, ho rccommouccd the tissue of ubuso whioh ho had been using towurds Fludyor over sinoo thoy nrrivod, and inquired onoo moro how lie could ho expeoted to recoivo an upology from auoh ns lie. Raohol roso; sho saw tlmt nothing would ho arrived at without a coup. "I cannot stay any longer," sho said. "Thoy will ho expecting mo at homo. Sliull I drive yon up to tho Oourt, General ? Wo shall mnko nothing of tliis impractical man, so wo must lunvo him to muddle his olmuoos after his own fashion." The manoeuvre was effectual. "Stop, Mrs, Boldorson," cried Greg, "you know I always like to do what you wish if it is possible, only you don't givo a follow timo. You wunt to rush him into your views without considering tho matter in all its bearings." ' Raohol Hinilcd ns sho glancod at tlio olock, nud saw . how long tlioy lind beon tliero arguing, but Grog took no notice of tlio hint, continuing — " Now, lot us bqgin at tho beginning, and disouss tho nfrnir soriously without ill- blood, like sonsiblo pooplo. Of course, Sioolo is the first consideration — for hor sulco " " Hero sho is coming through tho goto out of the wood," interrupted the Gonornl. " Supposo you put tho matter in her hands, nud lot hor dooido whothor or no you will accept an apology from Sir Austin Fliidyor should I - bo successful enough to obtain one." ; Grog at . onoo agreed to follow Sioolo' a docision, and . the two individuals so muoli interested in them both liud little difficulty in making up their minds on whioh sido of tho \- biilnnoe Sioolo would oast the weight of hor. influence. , . . CHAPTER XXXV. The Duiftino of Events. The dronry' winter is over with its gloom, its chilliness and its depression, affeeting alike all tho bountry sido round Hnzol Court and tlio Willow -Murah ; for ' it hnd boon exceptionally sovero, and' aomotimos for days togothor it lind boon iinpossiblo to kcop up communication botweon tho two houses. ; . But now it was nil ohangod. . : - "Daffodils That come before tho swallow dares; and . take. ;'..; , „ Tho winds of .Maroli with boauly,; (violets dim r '. ... , (: But swootor than tho buds of Juno's eyes Or Oytiiorea'a breath ; pale primroses That (lio unmarried oro thoy oau bohold Bright PlloObus in his strong til," havo npponrod to gladden tho fnao of Nature, and with the bxtonial.boauty that is awaken ing in wood and dell,' tho social atmosphere is beginning to bask in - sunshine and brightnoss. All through the dreary winter months that havo pussed, .Raohol's trials and troubles havo boon heavy. It seemed as though all tho weight of :otlior people's .miseries hnd been const on. lior,, and that no stop in any .direotion oould bo taken without nskiug hor advioo.. ; : Grog had beon soriously ill for a long timo ; tho exoitemont in. whioh ho had ollowod hiin- solf to indulge .had told, on him, and whon tho apology, insisted upon had boon wrostod from Sir Austin Fludyer by muoli diffioulty, and tlio froo use of manifold throats from General Southby, suoh as expulsion from tho olub, &o.;, &o.;, at last arrived, Greg wns unoonsolous.. and absolutely inoapablo of refusing or nooopting it. At Inst, howovor, lie suffioiontly rooovered to write tho few lines of ncoeptanco and of rogrot for his own rasli not in Paris. So poooo was deolared, and with tho doolarution of poace camo Mr. and Mrs. WalliBls consont to his union with Sioolo, whioh thoy, nevertheless, gave somewhat grudglnglv, slnco tliov oould not bring tliem- solvos to think that Greg would over booomc a bona-fido doinestio aharaotor. . Porhaps not, aocording to the pattern of on English homestead, but ho would he truo and loving, to his darling Sioolo, aud novor hark book from tho promises of fldollty bo, mado hor wlion with :hor nrm. about his i nook sho lnid'lior pretty Hctid oh his shoulder, and told liim sho loved him hotter thau.aught olso in lifo.; : 5 r'S (:. », -.1..'. U , s-,. J' In Iho onrly summor tlioy - would ho mnrriod, when Grog should liavo thoroughly recovered. v liis health and . looks, .and a suflleiont timo should havo olapsed sinoo tho twin deaths in Pariu'Avlitcii liud so oluuigod tlio issues of lifo tor Grog. , ; . ' 7 : Thus tho colour, oame baolr to his chocks lind tho laughter, tb'his oyos. How could: lio remain sad and troubled when Sioolo was to he;- his vory ..own, land every .barrier that divided her from liim had been removed. C : Yet thoro were; Moiilbnts whbii tho clouds would sottlo., for awhile ovor Grog's brow, and an almost ominous look - of . anger would gleam in his"'oyos,' instead of tho h'ttpjiy twinkle Jiat usually lidumed on Sicolo It was- when iho .thoiiglit : bfl tho pretty houso in tho Avoniib Henri Martin, . and roinembered— for, : tho, nows. had- iili'oady reached' him — tlintf AVilfrld Bortbii Was only .waiting for tho lihniversiiry of poor Vi's deuth'to ho pnsfc to tako'-Jenny Fludyor tlioro lis its now inistress. ' La." . This knowledgo could, iindcrnUtlie oiroum- stances, not do othbrwiso than disttos's Grog, hat lib strovb to put it from him witli almost Horoulonn fii-mness— for. Sioole's sake. - L Had not .Toiniy onoo been Sioole's friend P For Greg and Sieble Rai-liol thon ofi'ofed up thanksgivings that, tliov had coiuo together, and pi-ayors for- their . huppmess anil well being 111 tho future. So fnf her work was onded, for the .nursing of Greg and the diplomacy required in the handling of tho wliolo uffair lind fallen in ub.light maimer nil Raohol, whoso , homo .worries liud mount while boon almost greater than it wns posBibio to bent-. - ' As far ns Alan Wall in was concoi-nod sho had po cnuso for cuniplciuf;. Ho had pledged his ward that under no aircumstances would ho desort. , Ursula, und - then having scaled with a kiss tlio compact that had coHt so much in tho liriiigiiig about, lio had gone off to Paris to ui-rongo tlio iiumerbu's hiisinoss dbtniLs that awaitoil hiin; proiaisiiig to rc- tiii-n in tlio cni-ly siiiiimor," and take liis briilo lionlo to ' tlio beautiful city where his 'hank business compelled liim to" dwell, and' for which Ursula's licin t kinged, since Paris . was tlio lovo of lior childhood. ' , . The lovo affairs then, to nil appearance, approaching 11 lmppy aousuminntiou, it was strango thut Raeliol was not quito con tout, but, alas,' hor oliiof troublo lay, as it would always lie, with hor husband.. ' The gaiety 'Unit beamed 011 Ursula's fnoo now tlint slio wns really bngaged to hor he- loved Alan, by no means reflected 'itself' oil that of Stephen Boldcrsou, who hcuamo naoli day, if it woro possible, moro disnuil looking tlmu I10 hnd boon on the previous 0110, till bofoyo Christmas arrived I10 lind broken down ultogothor, hulli mentally and physically. People said ho must liavo had a stroko, hut neither limbs nor speech wero affected, only ho seemed to bo creeping slowly towards tho grave, weighed down under tho burden of liis own sinister reflections. To Rachel's loving heart it was a real Borrow to soo him thus, and to know that sho could not do anything to iioip liim. Tlmt lie should ho ready anil willing to oxpiato ills past transgressions sho was only too grateful for, hut that remorse was gnawing as a canker worm and wouring out liis lifo was, slio thought,, carrying rcgrot ovon into tho boundaries of mildness. But it was useless for licr to spotik. Ursula's coining miimngo with Alan was aa a nightmare to Stephen Boldorson who, show him 11s iniiiiy letters from dead Julian as Alan might, could not do otherwise tlmu bolievo tlmt his old friond would novor liavo given his free consont to this murriugo. "Ursula must novel- know," wiis tlio cry of both father and iovor in connection witli tho past, so Ursula wont about singing and laughing mid novor guessing tlmt licr fnthor's malady — for ill slio believed him to be— was chiofty duo to tho cause that filled her with so nmch joy. And for Racliol tho. ordeal was a terrible one. She did not euro- to temper Ursula's raptures, or to put any check 011 1 lie happiness with which tho girl was making hor wedding preparation, yet slio saw that every sug gestion as to wliut should or should not be dono wns uuothor nail knooked into Stephen Bolderson's coffin. Sim could but draw Ursula's attention to tho fiiet that hor father was vory very ill, mid .imploro her to ho circumspect in his presonco 'and quiot down licr oiitimsinsm > wliou she spoke of tho brillimit future she was looking forwnrd to with Alan. " I will novor givo Ursula to ho mnrriod to that mnn," said Stephen moro thnn once when ho was alone with Raolioi. " I cnnld not do it. I should dio of sluuno and anguish in tho oiiui-eli. My tauit consent tlioy Iuul obtained but my public 0110 will novor follow it." " Don't troublo, Stephen, (lour. Tiioy nro .not to be married yot awhile. So many tilings muy happen beforo then to enable you lo solid a deputy. Don't worry, deur, yon will bo- coirio quito ill." Alas for poor Raolioi whon alio was com pelled to trust to tlio drifting of events to bring about a satisfactory issue, but sho knew, or feared slio know, better what she was talking of tlum slio acknowledged. By tho tnno spring was ripening into sum mor, and tlio time fixed for tlm dual wedding was approaching — for Sicolo uud Ursula had onoo moro eementcd thoir friendship and agreed to bo liiitrricd 011 tho sumo day — ; Stephen Bnlderson was so ill that it would liavo boon quito impossible for him to ding his tottering limbs up tho nislo of a oliurch. No need, then, to make excuses. So fur, in advising liim to lot tilings drift, Ruehel had been correct in lior antioipatiun of tho result. . . Sho had hoped mid prayed for n quiet wed ding, but Ursula oould boo 110 reason why her ; light and happiness should bo hid under a hushol, and as it was to be u joint affair witli Sioolo, Rachel wns compelled to givo in, and do to Bomo oxtont what tlio Wallisos wished. For ono thing sho wns thankful — tlioro was to ho 110 demonstration at tho Willow Mavsli. Stephen Boldorson was to be, loft tlioro. in peace to sit quietly 111 his armchair by tlio stcry window/since tho broakfast ana tlio fuss of tho final doparturo wore to ho at Hazel . Oourt. " Considering how ill Mr. Boldorson Is it will ho b litter so," Mr. Wallis had said. And Rachel concurred, only too thankful : to got tlie mnrriago fotes us far away from Stephen ns possible. Of course she wus com- pollcd.to attend tho weddings, in fuot she wub to givo Ursula away ; noithersho nor Stephen Boldorson would havo it othorwise. ' Viour Salt snid it wns usually a man who performed this( requiromoilt of tho ohuroh, 'hut since. it was not without precedent 'for ' the mother to tako the father's pliiue, ho would ' only ho . too happy, to soo his good friend Mrs. Boldorson by Ursula's side. Tlio vicar not infrequently sought to moke up by Bome fussy objection to minor details for liis usuiil laxity in greater mattors. At lust tho ausnioiojis day broko in beauty. Tlievo wan iiot tlio tiniost olo'ud in the sky, and, oven tlio exterior of tlio Willow Marsh was hatlicd in sunshine ns Ursula drove away in hor.bridnl dress with Raohcl by hor side. Only in tlio interior of tho dwelling, gloom prevailed,! In the ' lialfrdarkoned study sat Stephen Boldorson, looking more doad than alivo. Margaret had stayed at homo to attend 'oil him, 'Margaret hoing dovotcd to Raohol and always amonnblo to hor wishos, while Mrs.,Ouhitthnd declared hor intention "of going to soo tho woddings, if weddings thoro wei-o to be," _ Raohol felt vory misorablo ns she got into the carriage after Ursula, hut bIio had one of thoBO happy tomporamontH that enn accommo date itself to oiroum stances, and onco in tho gay seeno that presented itself whon thoy woro outside tho gatos of tho Willow Marsh slio Bpeeilily nssumod, lit all events, tlio outvyard semblnnoo of being as light-heurtod na . the rest. Yot tlio rooolloction of her unhappy husband sitting in lonely expiation of- tno shortcomings of liis lifo would obtrude itself evon whon smiles wore wreathing lior faoo. Tlioro had not boon Biioh a pretty wedding in tho oouutrysido for yoars, and as for two, why tlio rural population hnd nevor heard of such a thing, and thoy all turned out to soo: Diok Vcnables looked more Bplok and span than ho had ovor looked hoforo in a coat of Mr. Wallis's, whioh had boon givon him for the occasion, and ho proclaimed it as his oraoular opinion " that never hnd two bonnier brides stood togothor in any church, hut Rtill to his mind tlio swoetost lady there wns Mrs. Boldorson." Tho sorvioo ovor, they passed out of the ohuroh down a rose-strown path to their oarriages, the soliool children preooding them and singing ns thoy went " Thovoioe that breathes o'er Edoii," the result of train ing that had oost the vioai' and the sohbol- mistress' many..; a.- troubled, .hour. Thon followed 1 ohoory Ijrealrfaal at Hazel.! Court, to " whibli all- tlio , leading ' families of' tlio neighbourhood had ..been invited, hut from whioh tlio -' yoimg brides speedily escapod to go and ohango their, dipssos in Sioolo'H room. \- With' niaids eoitiiti'g ' in add out, and tho oloek pointing to tllo hour for doparturo, ' tlioro wns but little" time for confidences, yet! tlioy. managed to say a few " cousinly words " us Sioolo tullled tllom. - ' " 1 , "lam so happy,. JUrqula, lovo," and bIio kissocl with affootion tlio now member of tho family.- . . o '. t ' "All's woll that onds woll, you soo, and only- think, Sir Austin -Fludyor sent me u telogram of . congratulation . just ns. I., wns startiug- for the jclliirnli,;. nnd tliis mdrniiig a lovely breboh camo from him and -Jouny. I wonrlor what Greg will-say? ' ' "Tell him, dear, tliut ho must look on it as ono looks iitiii .wreiltli pydr a gi-avej and hang it on i ho long "dead jealousies. ' " But it is tlio idea of Jonny marrying Wilfrid Bortou tliat lio cannot got ovor." . '.' Hovnood-iiot soo thorn. ! I suppose that is wh)r you,aro not going to Paris,'-'., ,r. " Oil, "wo 'shall oonio there later. Did you liavo any telegrams, Urtnla? " " ' . Yes, from: pour ( (Lucillo. I , went to; soo lier last week, she is so ohangod. but if .going liiiok to livo' in Purls shortly. . My dear, good Alan gives her ilii 'aniinity, 'ahd I shall': fjoo; that sho has ovorythiu she can-require. It ; "Good, indeed,'' .murmured Sicolo, wlio oould not help thiiihiiig it was lKore .tliaii' slio dosorvod. Howovor, no more could bo said, as dressing, nnd not Luoille'.a morits., laid- to bo consldoi-ed. ' . - . . ;> ' Ursula was rondy fll'st imd rim downstairs with iilortncss iii nnswor to 11 cull from Alan tlint tlioy slinuld bo Into. - Sicolo culled 'after lier" "why. I. mil not half l-Diidy; what a hurry you nro in to' bo off.". I'.'.-' i. .I" - L ' ; But Ursula had no timo to toll hor. the reason of her liuste. Amid a shower of rieo and roso leaves sho -mid Alan i-odo off, but not in. tho direoliou of the station, tlio oar- riiige took tho road to. tho Willow Marsh. (Sho liud Alan wore ' going 'iis liusbutid and wife to say goodbyo to Stephen Boldorson before tlioy loft for town 011 l-puto for Paris, Thoy entered tho room unejcpcotedly, not. 'hasting aiinouiiood thoir intention of coming, and tlio sight of liim was piteous.- His elbows rested on liis knoes, and liis bowed head was suppurteil 011 his hands'. Ho raised it,' and uttered a sound that was half a wail and half a joyful cry when I10 saw tliem. . There, was so much siiduiiss, mixed witli tlio pleasure he folt at not heiiig wliolly forgotten. Ursula twined licr arms around his nook, lis sho had used to tivino tliem : ill tho happy days bofore troublo lind como hotwoeii tliem, and Alan knelt down nt his foot. ' " Hnvo 110 feuv for hor," ho said. " I ivill bo truo and loving to yonr ohild." '.For by this time tho old man— for pre maturely old Stephen Boldcrsou hnd becomo by sorrow — was sobbing convulsively. ; " It is not that — it.is not tliut. Oh Alan Ainu trembled lost tho seerot ivhioh was to bo kept from Ursula might fall from liis unguarded lips, hut. at this moment Itnuhel nppeurcd at the (loor, and she know bettor tlum auyono how to sootlio and humour tlio unhnppy man. 1 So with many kisses nnd promises to writo soon, the young pooplo went off mid loft thoso two togothcr, and as Raohol bout ovor Stophon Bolderson's chair and imprinted a loving kiss 011 his dummy lirow slio bade him " ho at peace and shako off the terror of tho past, for that there was 110 sin which man in liis weak ness could commit tlint through repentance uud atonement might not bo expiated. " the end 