THE LONG ROD POLE. Thqfaots here related, took place In the . northwestern part of Maino about the year 1836, and .although I was at that time very young, 'indeed a inere child, yet the peculiar character of the ciroum stances, the noighborhood excitement and the sad consequences which followed mado an impression upon my mind that seems as fresh today as it did more than t0 years ago. A few miles from my father's old farm there lived two well to do farmers whom weo will call John and Calvin. They wore related by way of marriage and were once great friends, but at the time my story commences they wcro most inveterate en rmies. Their farms lay side by side on the ounnty road, some few miles from the Ansdroscoggin river. For many years tlhey rut their hay in silence, each one mowing down to the dividing line with the preci sion of a master mechinic. Each owned a hundred rods, and through a pert of the :meadow ran a brook, which, like most meadow brooks, wac; very crooked. Now, John tl:ought it would be an ex cellent plan to ditch his 100 rods, making the brook straight, and thereby saving much land and making his field more convenient and productive. So he con tracted with a man naiied Riedman to dig 100 rods of ditch at $1 per red, beginning at the lower line of his farm and follow iilg down the stream to Calvin's line. Rcdman came, and with his twco-grown up boys he o.ent merrily to work-and John made hlim a rod pole for the occa slon; but, being of a treacherous disposi tion, he made the measure a dozen inches longer than usual, that he might get a good return. In this hoe did liot fai- -_ Redman worked diligently for some days. Calvin was interested in the opera tion and carefully wntched the proceed ings, often asking Rcedman how many rods he had accomplished and always get ting en honest reply. One day, a?a he leaned upon his scythe, he called! "I say, Redman, how many rods have you got along?" "Eighty." 'fEightyl -Well, you're getting along ? fast." Now, Calvin saw at once that he was far too near his line for 80 rods, and, musing upon tihe circumstances, lihe decided thefe must.b h u mistake-* :Knowing.Jdhn so' well, h3 began to suspect, as he considered the subject further, that John might be trying to defraud Redman, so dropping his scythe and crossing the line he sat down near the rod pole and took off his hat to cool and rest himself. "I say, Redman, this is hot weather." "Yes." While so sitting he took occasion to measure the pole which John had made, and to his delighthe found it was just one foot too long. Now, hero was fun for Cal vin. Hero was a chance to plague his en emy. Did lie go and tell Redman? No, not he. He laugheud quietly in his sleeve and waited for Redman to finish his wdrk . This was done, and the honest digger pre sented to John his bill for $100, received his money and went his way. Very soon after this was accomplished Calvin discovered, to his great surprise sund indignation, of course, that some one had been trespassing on his meadow by digging a ditch about 100 feet long near the line which separated his land from John's. Sending to John, he demanded if that ditch was dug by his authority. John, not suspecting any trouble, replied that it was. Receiving this answer, Cal vin at once started for the town and laid his case before the village lawyer, who at once saw that John had committed a great wrong, known to the law as willfully trespassing on the land of a neighbor. A writ was accordingly made out, and the deputy sheriff of the county, so much dreaded in those times, soon made his ap.' pearance before John, attached his propar ty for the damage done to Calvin's land and summoned him to appear and show cause. John was astonished, lie visited the field and saw at a glanco that the ditch was far over the line, and now for the first time the awful thought flashed upon him that in making his rod polo one foot too long lie had actually dug 100 feet into Cal vin's land. lie stood aghast and then hastened to find the red polo that he might destroy the proof of his guilt, but it was not to be found. lie could not un derstand where it had gone, but when be appeared in court there that ghost of a rod pole met his astonished view. How it came there none but-Calvin know, and he was silent. The case was soon tried, and a verdict of guilty was rendered, with nominal damage and cost of court. This, with the advantage of his enemy and the withering rebuke of the lawyers, was a terrible retribution for poor John. But more was yet in store. Redman saw, by the evidence at court, that he had been cheated out of 100 feet of ditch actu ally dug, so le commenced suit against John. Again came the sheriff, again lie went to court, and again he received the cold cuts of the attorneys and the sneer of the people, with the verdict of guilty and the order of full pay to Rledman and the costs of court. And yet morowas in store for him. The long rod polo was still kept for another use, the worst of all, for now the church, of which John had been to all outward appearances an exemplary member, took.: the case in lhanud andl expelledl him from their conmuunion and fellowship. Thus did the biter get bit. Thus swiftly did the retributive justicoof God overtake the poor cheat who secretly tried.to rob a poor honest man of the fruit of his toil The wretched John never heard the last of the long rod pole. It was the standing. joke for a generation, and, although nearly all the actors have long since settled their accounts with that Being who measures all things justly, the lesson still remains aind should teach us that in all our deal ings with our brcther man God will only prosper us when we deal honestly and justly. When tempted to do otherwise, let us remember the story of John, who made his rod polo too long.-Exohanga. 