THE LITTLEBOROUGHJI BACHELORS' BALL. " No, Frank," id Jim Wietkbsm, in reply to his comopnion's qumetie, " whvebhe nst had a Bachelors' Ball In Littlebhrouh for t? last three years." Captain C(oge?ven elevated his feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilted back his chair. His bhost watched him nervously, being eco cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea " I don't think I shell break anything',' miar moured Curgenveu, contentedly: " I bare only got s'ippers on. It is awfully gool of you to put me up for the night at ouch short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame the one in oxldieed silver, I mcan ? I trouble you in the intenrst of the article itaelf. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboar? is relishle, as it onght to bo,l shall be thoroughly comfortable in body and mind," Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance was use les. Ht made no comment, sadm retured to tLe subject under discusioa. " As soen as Charlie Davidrs got married" ie continued, " we the ailleit semnat of Li4 le blc*reds is U.1 no, ie ma it about time to ceae advertising every Cartif man our fortunate condition. Charlie had man aged the Bachelors' Ball for years." " And successfully ?" " Execrably . no worse Secretary could have been found. That was his great merit, because everybody was always prepared to abuse him. lie always offended two-thirds of the neigh bourhood; lie forgot to invite his mother aud sister one year." " Poor old Charlie I" said Curgeuven, with a smile. " his head was nlever very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." " WhVl he resigned he left the management of the hall in such evil udour that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful incident in connection with the last dance we gave that has not yet beenu explained to all." "This is very exciting," remarked his friend. " Please to remember that I have been four years in India. and am dying for Littleborouglh news. Relate the occurrenc, in your own ini mitable style, while I smoke anti listen." Jimn Wickham was a seasoned bachelor,whose earliest anud only love had been the sound of his own voice. A kindly little busybody, few things in Littleborough escaped the iaquisition of his double eyeglnss. He drew a chair to the fire. with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powers to dlo justice to his sahject. " I need hardly say it was Charlie Dlavidson,'s fault entirely," hebegan. "You know we insel to have a list of peo, ple that were invited eve ry year. Charlie always sent them invitattios, whether they had left the, place. or wese dead, or bankrupt. lite used to invite them all. lie asked old Miss Cuimlerbatch tlre~, sucre'sive years after her death at the age of 79." " But she never would accept, I suppose ?" " No ; she never appeared. Bat at last he asked another man who was also dend." 1" Undeterred by the silence of Miss Cumber bath? " " And this man," said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying his hand on his comn painioni a arm, " actually appeared at the ball. That was the unromfortable part of it." " (ood Lord ! " said Curgenven, " I say, you'll have to shaft that Sevres Ilower-rase ; it you make any more statements of that kind, I shall Ihe kicking it over." Ilis host rose, olwdiently, and cleared a wiler spaee in the neighbourhovod of hIs comlaniion', sliptiers. N' ther spoke for a moment or two, ant, then Curgenven de manded cont nuance and an explanation. " Who on earth was the man ? " he asked. " He hId Ino hiusiness to tei anybody oin earth then," was Wickhlam's reply. " His name was Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remember him." " Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. I did not know him at sill we II. He wa up in these parts learning banking, waun't he ? I renember him chit fly as a great friend of old Waterflelil, the banker. Surely hbe was in Waterfield'a bank i " " That'sthe man. He was a great frieni of mir:ce, and he was a griat friend of Kitty WVaterfield's-he ue.l to talk to me about lher." " I know a girl woull lie bound to come into the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive i I don't know her even by eIht." "" Net the least attractive. (;osxl eyes ae a white, face. Noubbly ktiow- alything about tier. She never talks to anybody. She's either toc shy or too reserirel. I've known her all hter life, and taken her in to dinner abouttlhrty times. I once extracted from her a confvssion that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only coutid. ence sho bas ever honoured me ilth. Still, Ferguson, I fsancy, got a hat further with tier than that. Ilndeed, he was deasere?.ely keen on her. I can't for the life . 1 me inmagine why, eraept for the fact that shbe didn't rare two straws stavit himll. SIho used te be rude to him. thlough, and that wa, Ft ad. vance on the distantly polite attitude shb adopted towards everybodly else. " Well, at the last Baclaelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfieid danced tagehliet more than once. I can vouch fur that, andl they sat out together pretty oflten too She was never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough : but he never looked at anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room ; and she went abshout, either with him, or without hini, s pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but abaolutely unconcerned. she looked rather pretty that night, but whdh, tl ahe enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to cone it and have a smoke with me after the dlance; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, I said Yau're coming round for a pipe, th ? ' He said: ' Not to-nil.tI. think. I'm a het done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rather low-spirited and tired, and he shook hands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never set eyes on the man sines. Mind the clock, Franik, your right foot is dangerously near it." " You ought not to say such at'rtling things, then. Goon." " The next day Ferguson h it Littleborough without a word to anybody. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, I forget which. Most people wondered at his going, and messed him not a little ; but the only p*rron who could throw any light on, it was Miss Waterfield, and nobody in his senses ever dreamed of pumpiug her. Sha went on just as usual not looking either melancholy em reliered, but simply expresio'nless. I spoke to her onle about him. but shie never ans'ered, anad I changed the subject to Rome. wvh.er, sire hal just Lean. She was not exactly gtrruloas on that topic either; but that i., itihi.r here nu r there. " We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor'o Ball a year after. and C(;,arlhe David.t n, woo was l igageul to m onarried at the time had signalised iis farewell appaar.snce as Secretary by making even a bigger meals sof the ball than uostld. On that occasion he o'erlooked the I ord.Lietenuant and tre ColouL i rcomm maiid. I was in he County Club lunching one day with two or threen other fe!lows, when a man said suddenly, ' I see that poor young Fer ganon, who was up here, is deali. Hlie diei imewhere in Africa a?out six weeks ago. t11 weas in Iall the papers. Didn't anybody eee it ? ' " Nune of us had sire it, and it was a great stock to me. But Charlie D.vidsuuu, who war there, turned as pale as a sheet, andi laid doliwn his knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry for bim. uas he looked very much upset. " Young IIalhburto, however, began to crac' his customary jokes at Charlie's exptense. 11l observed that we sihould have a cheerful ball It everybody our secretary invited turnedl up, ansod was further anxious to discover if Qui en Anne had been asked, saying be thought lhe mtigt he offendedu at the omission. uat when he went on andl said it was eniogh to drag yloung Fer guson from his grave, the luckless C'harlie looked so ill that poitle told Haliburton to dry up, and not try and be finoy on a subject like that. " You know,; think Davidson was worked up into rather an ' eriea' state of mino when the eventful aight arrived. lie has often, in tellin: meo the story of what he saw. remarked that he tIlt a yreventlment--" " Ob. iou't" interiptestd his listener. " Don't let ts harve asny presntimeuta. Go on with the " Just as you like," replied Wickham,mdldlv. " Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mand was, the sropper-room had ijust been opeile, Id har was re ub etaoIetaLsa tae wrong mr to take imthewron ladia. He ame in ths cosem of his cearr to a smaU sitting-out room cla-i a the enmtrance-hall. It was rather a ool asd Sunpopuls room. with a dlejet?d.lehing palm treea ia the rent(re, and btted out with the shahb hbiset o the soas and chais. The ball secretary cam ina, but be stonsd quit as hastily in the douarway. For. sitting aide by ide on acouch Sexactly oppreie him were Mis Waterfeldl and Dnlop Feragus.on. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clemarly, hobut he looked ergelson full in the face and saw that he was white and haglgard. " Charlie Davidon could not stand the itbht, Sasod lted oeat like steoam. He matrgad to IAnd me in the supper-oaom, and 1 could not think what was the row with him. I gase him tome brandy, whic? he wanted badly: anti then he told me what he had men, and begged me to go and se what I could see, "Well, Frank. it is not a very pleasant thing to habe orderd to go and inspect a ghost, and i1 hresitated a little. But then I concluded either that they had been mitakeat in telling us that SFerguason wasuded,or else tChat Chlle had been a mistaken in tbhnkin~g that he had aeen him. eo I put on as qlm a face uas I coulhl and m?a.ec straiiht for the spot. I went in airily and eaually, tonly to uld there was nilabody there but Miso Waterfiel. che was leaning back on the sfs, with bb hanis behind her head, look a ing up at the electlric light." a " Didn't she seem upset ?" asked Cnrgesven, "or startled ?" " She leoked nothing, as she always did," Swas the reply. "There was Iositively aot one~ -sign ab-ut her thst c~iuld tellanybody anything. fShe looked, if anything, a little berel." " That is qu4ite the corrrct expreosion for a gul to wear," obnserved Curgenvon, selseting - cirrntte frnm the buo on the table, " when her I dead lover has returned from the grave to moat tI .v Wtus VWaYt of datay ag repjted aim. I stppose youaa basbld b r" " My cross-examination was ery skilful, fos I led up to it gently. I said I didn't know she was all alone; to which she re;plied, ' Ditn't you : '-which is a chilling sort of answer, anil one at which she was very great. I couohl not for the life of nle go on to say that I had hieen told a ghost was sitting out the supper dane, a with her. I made some general rcmalr k, who h she received with a volita' Inde ed!' disil sing no interest of any kini ; and then her cotlh:r suddenly came in. Hler mother is tllka:ivs., and an idiot, so I fled. leaving the secret he hind me. " I'm hound Oi any that Charlie f)andsion added considerably to the story Iter on i:n the. evenilng when sreveral glasss of chanit guit it torverudl Irte'ni himself andt the facts. HI, nlado iou atihat F ,ergun-i's whole dIemnanour was corlie-hke and supernatural, and ;iled nt sug gertion of Ia bull.t-wound in his ftorsl,',l, im plis ig suicidle. lHowever, oli r pc plh wiro in, clinred to Ie Ils, impressed, and hinted i lisat the Secretary hadI beu samplng th drl.iks befuorn supper. 'Young lauliburtotn. when Ie we., next in Ltondin, mide tjiipiris at Fer. tnt's cinb whithit.r Cl.rl:e had lajsteld the calrd for the iIcrh:lors' I.all. The ('hih porter said lie had heard nothing of Fergussu for several iinlnth,. canl that lie hali Ii ft no sadlless to whlich his litters might I.. forwarded. lie showed i lali tturon alcult thirty letters for lerguson. and Ilaliburton eagerly siarcheid through them to fin Charliet's invitation. llut-this woo a ertry stranige feature in it-the iuviLtt.onl to the ball was inot amolng the letters. Wasn't that curious ? " " It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out vsotimwhere bi)ond hli, Club." " Shortly after this reniukabhl apparition, Mi s Wi:,trfeh.l wenut away flout I,lttlebolougb. I think sviii went abroad to learn sumgt species of mistuscal instrument iin Gerniany. I believe music interests her faintly, mluchl more than lohirers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise mscn in th.l Club once slid that if Ferguson were really deadt he considerrd haitty iWatertlelhi mnsOai..ly guilty of his death. Upon which a s?ill wiser man tuggeoteil that he should go and tell her so." Captain Curgenven coisidered Wickham's story ni I:cellcelt one, atind it remained all ex cellent vtoty. in his estinmation, until onle day he lhiten,'d to see in the palper the marriage, tele graphed huole roum Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an oflicers dlughter in (apeo Town. Th,.n hu recollected Ithat the name iwas not a very unlommonl onle, nod that the Litt'eborough psyclhical researchers had not very conclusive ivtlence that thtrFergusoi who applscargled at the ball was the salme Frguson who was !ead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both lmaintain that the olan wholl has just been married is another i:erson of the sane name. (thets, however. hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littlesomutgh to try a last fall with Its hard-hearted euchantre.s. And when Miss Waterteldl comes back to her native town certain hiold spirits have rerolved ta cast lots to decide who shall question her and find out the truth.-" Vanity Fair." 