A LOVE STORY. OX THE THRESHOLD. (From London Truth.) " Y.iii will iK'vei- relict it,"' saiil .Tuck li'iiuIiM", in iii?s iiiipL'funus, ea^ei W;iy. '• Xevec. I swear." Tlie wnuuiii wiinni h« addressed answered ii<itli?nir, Irit a new li^ht lifted for h nriuiiMit tlie old shadow fmui Jler face. Wh at fact- it was, thought Jack, liis handsome dark eves softening into lendurn ss unspeakable as he looked down at her—the faee of a martyr, whh sail, sensitive lip.^ mid i^rcMt patiietic brown eves : eyes that looked oat at tha world with the wistful, wondering gaze of a child wlio is nn.ie to suffer for no fault of its own, and realises without understanding tlie injustice ot which it i.s the victim. It was that same look that had in the first instance attracted Jack Luuiley's notice, arid that still in the last instance held hirn captive. It had stolen its way into his heart of hearts, and its sweet, sad light would linger there for ever. .Tack was as thuughtiess and li^ht-henrted us u. brvy. Ardirut, sanguine, impulsive, b.imming over with health and vigour and high spirits ; no greater contrast could have been found to the •woman who had enslaved him. In every way they two were different. He had backed in the sunshine of life, while she h;ul shivered among the shadows; ha had sipped the cup of pleasure, but she had drunk deep of tlie deadly draught of despair; he looked forward to the future, and smiled at the prospect ; she looked back to the past, and shuddered at reuiembra nee. It fate had been kind, or even fair, Bertha Iledniaine might have been a different and a happier yomnn. But fate had been systematically cruel and unjust through all her life, and now, after twenty-seveu years of neglected,' uncared-for childhood, joyless,hopeless gir lhood,and crushed, broken womanhood, the climax had come.' For the man who was holding her hands in such a strong, tender clasp, was, not her Inibbaud, and she had promised to leave her husband, and go awaj' with him. "You will never regret it," Jack said again. " I swear you never will. No man has ever been a truer and more faithful husband than I shall be. Oh, Bertha, what a lot of time •we have wasted ! It makes me sick when I think of it. Why didn't we meet sooner ?" Sha shook her head with a wan little smile." "The world," she said, slowly, " will say that it would have been "better if we had never met at all." "Oh ! the world be hanged, "Jack retorted, with more force than elegance. " Lot it say what it likes. I've got yon, and that's all I care about. And you've got me, and that's all you care about, eh. Bertha?" She locked up at him. " Yes," she whispered. And iu very truth in that moment, with her weak haads clasped in his strong ones and his adoring eyes looking into hers, she counted the world •well lost for love's sweet sake. Everything had been weighed in the balance with him, and found wanting. He, and lie alone, could raise her fi-oni the depths of despair to the heights of joy. All things were as nothing in comparison with his love. What a wonderful change was coming to her ! The old life lay behind her, over and done with for ever, and she stood on the threshold of the new. I11 the past she had known injustice, loneliuess, and despair, the degradation and desolation of a lovelesB and hated marriage, but in the future she would know kindness, and sympathy, and love. Yes, love ; and she thought that love would make up for all. Love had had no part or lut in her life hitherto, and she had longed for it in the passionate, unreasoning way that men and women do long for the things that seem to be set beyond their reach. She had looked on at happy homes, beloved children, cherished wives, as the lost souls may look at the radiant angels through the gate of Paradise. No one had ever offered her love or sympathy. From the stern frigid father and domineering step-mother, who had ruled her early years with a rod of iron, to the brutal husband, who had married her because he wanted a clever economical mistress for his establishment, and thought a wife would be cheaper than a housekeeper—no one, until she met Jack Lumley. He had offered her both, and she had lacked the strength to resist bo great a temptation. Her poor starved heart had gone out to him in an overwhelming wave of love and gratitude. All the concentrated passion and tenderness of a life-time, till then forced back upon itself, had leaped into sndden being for him. She had accepted his offer, and now l:e was going to take her away from misery for ever. He would take care of her, he said, and the words sounded sweet I v ir. her ears. It was so strange and (!H! I^htful to be taken care of, :ind loved, and petted, like those happy women at whom she had looked with such envy in the past. Well, she would not envy them in the future ; she would be one of them. Th us she mused, until the new lovely light that glowed in her eyes irradiated her whole face. "Poor little woman," said Jack, with ready sympathy, " you've had a rough time of it; but we're g ling to alter all that new, aren't we, Bertha ?" He drew her a little closer to him, and she let her head fall on his shoulder with a long-diawn sigh of supreme content. She v as ^i'.h him, and that was enough. " Poor liitV woman," lie said again, and then he sto -p-d down and kissed her very trentlv ; " Ai-e you ha; py lie whispered. Happy f" she echf»ed, with a queer little laugh, " Yes, Jack, so happy that I am frightened ut my happiness.'" He smiled and stroked her hair. Well, yon haven't hud fun much happiness in the past, have ynu, dearr ' he said, But I hope you'll have a good deal in the future. You'll h ive as much as I can give you, any Wiiy " She turned her liead and looked up at him with her g;eat shining eve-;. " Oh, Jack," she cried, impulsively, •'if I had met you, or some one like you, years ago, what a different woman [ should have been to-day. But instead of that oh ! you know, you know." He frowned a little. " Yes,dear-, I know," lie said, gently. " But we won't think anymore abont tlie past, will we? We are going to be happy together in (he future, and that is enough for me." SJC nestled closer to him. " Aie you sure, Jack, quite, quite sure that the day will never come when you will regret having done w hat 3-ou are going to do 1 Have you counted the cost ? Do you realise all you are giving up for me ? Remember, if you had never met me you might have loved some nice girl who WHS free to love you, and of whom you need not have been ashamed." There was a pause, and when Jack answered, his voice sounded grave and stern. " Ashamed !" he said. " That is a word that must never be mentioned between you and me, Bertha. Never as long as we five," Then all at once his tone changed to one of most passionate tenderness. " I shall never regret what we are going to do," he went on ; "I shall be thankful for having done it every day of my life. My poor little girl ! I should be a selfish beast, indeed if I regretted taking you away from the life you have beei. leading. I am giving up nothing that I can see. If either of us is giving up anything, after all you are the one. Have you counted the cost ? Are ^ou sure that you will never regret Regret!" she echoed, in a tone that spoke volumes. " Oh, Jack ! if you only knew all that I have suffered —all the misery, the despair, and degradation, the—the—yes, I have counted the cost, and I shall never regret." Jack nodded. " We're quits then," he said. " That's all right. And now, dear, you haven't forgotten the arrangemeuts we made yesterday, have you ? You will be quite ready to start with me afc eight o'clock this evening, won't you 1 That will give us heaps of time to catch the eight forty-five up to town." Yes," she answered, " I shall be ready—you may trust me. But I forgot to tell you that—*liat my husband is coming back to- day. I had a wire from him this morning, and he will be here at six o'clock.' 5 Mr. Redmaine, by the way, always corresponded with his wife by telegram—when he condesended to remember and recognise her existence at all. " By Jove !" said Jack, taking out his watch, "it's nearly that now. Will he expect you to be in to receive him V' She shook her head. " No." Jack gave her a keen, quick glance, and said in an anxious tone. " Will bis coming home make any difference to your coming with me to-night V She shook her head. "No, nothing could make any difference to that, Jack. The die is cast. I have made my choice, and I have chosen—you." That's all right," Jack returned, in a iclieved tone. *' Eight o'clock, dear, at the little gate at the low end of the park. Don't forget." " I won't forget, Jack, I shall be there." Jack put his arms round her. " And after that we shall never be parted again," he said. " We are going to begin a new life together, you and I." She was silent, and the silence lasted for so long that he grew puzzled. "What are you thinking of, Bertha ?" he asked at last, bending down to look into her face. She raised her eyes to his with a look that went to his heart. I was thinking," she answered, not bitterly cr rebelliously, but iu a tone of patient sadness, " I was thinking, Jack, that I have never had a chance. If I had—if I had, things might have been different to-day. If—if what I am going tc do is a sin, I hope God will forgive me, and—and surely He will, for He alone knows what I have suffered. Jack was early at the place appointed, a little white gate that led into a plantation at the lower end of the park. He was 60 unsettled and impatient that he could not rest in the house. He had to be np and doing. There was no sign of Bertha when he got there, but as the clock struck eight he saw her coming, fitting like a ghost across the park. He did not go to meet her, not wishing to run the risk of being seen, but drew back into the shadow of the trees and waited. "Jack," she called softly, as she came up to the gate, "Jack." He stepped forward then. "Its all right, Berthj, I'm here." Then as he caught sight of her face he uttered a startled exclamation, Merciful Heavens ! What has happened ?" She looked up at him. " Haven't you heard ?"' she asked, dully. "Oh! I thought you would have heard." Jack looked puzzled and a trifle impat it-nt. " I have heard nothing. Bertha,'' he answered. " For heaven's sake tell me what you aie talking about. You look as if you hid seen a ghost." -S ! iv put her hand to her throat and g.ivj a little gasping " And so I have," she said, breathlessly. " So I have." There was an odd vibration in her voice, and she was as white as death, and trembling from head to foot. Ja<;k could see that something had upset her terribly. " Don't- keep me in suspense, dear," he said, gently drawing her into his arms. " Tell me all about it." Tor a moment she yielded to his tender embrace, and h.t her head rest on his shoulder; then suddenly she tore herself away, and sto jd erect before him. " It's all over, Jack," she said. " Don't touch me—don't come near me. It's all over." Jack was so utterly taken aback, that at first he could only stand staring at her in blank amazement. All over ? " he repeated at last. " All over ? What—v\ hat on earth do you mean, Bertha? '' She laid her hand on his arm, and a solemn light filled her eyes as she raised them to his. '•I mean, Jack," she said slowly, I mean that I am not going away with you to-night. 1 am going to— to say good-bye, and—and never sea you again." Jack looked at her in helpless be w i 1 der uien t. " H-Ave you goue mad 1 " he asked. "I wish you would explain yourself." A violent shudder ran through her slight, frame. 4 4 There was an accident," she answered breathlessly, " an awful accident. The express ran into a goods train, and—and—he was in the express, you know, and—and— they carried him home, and—and now the doctors say that lie—that he —will never be able to move again." Jack fell back in horror. " Good God I " he exclaimed. She shuddered again. If you could only see him, Jack," she cried. 4 1 It is too terrible. There he lies like a log, and there he will lie until he dies. It is uothing but a living death. And to think that I —that we—that I——-" She broke down, and covered her face with her hands. "What a frightful thing!" said Jack, in an awe-struck tone. Bitterly as he had hated and despised the rnan to whom the woman he loved was bound, deserving as he knew him to be of all hatred and scorn and contempt, unworthy of compassion or sympathy, he yet felt a keen pang of pity for the total wreck of a strong young life. An active living foe is one thing, a helpless disabled foe is another. " He is quite helpless," she went on ; " ntterly helpless; and he may live for years. The doctors say so." Jack gi-oaned. 4 1 Such is life," he said. She came quite close to him and clasped both h^r hands on his arm, looking up in his face with her great pathetic eyes. 4 1 1 am going to stay with him, .Tack," she said; "I couldn't leave him now. It was different before ; but now that he can't help himself, I must stay with him. I could have left him in his strength, but I can't leave him in his weakness. And so —and so, Jack, dear, we must say good-bye, yon and I." His hand closed over hers in a firm, strong clasp. I can't give you up, Bertha," be returned; 4 1 1 couldn't do without you now, so it's no good talking about it. Have you forgotten that I love you, dear ? " She shook her head. " No, I have not forgotten that you love me, or that I—that I love you ; but—but—-Jack, dear, I know you will help me to do right. You are so strong and good, and I trust you. It is right for me to stay with—with him now, isn't it ? " There was a pause, then " Don't ask me," Jack answered, with a groan. 4 4 For Heaven's sake don't ask me to decide a question of right and wrong at a time like this. I can't think of anything but now much I want you." Tears dimmed her uplifted eyes. 4 4 Not more than I want you, Jack ; you couldn't. But—but I have never had anything I wanted in this life yet, and it is nothing new to me to go without." Poor Bertha! Those words were the keynote to her whole life's history. But Jack was different; he was not made of the stuff of which martyrs are made. He had always been used to have his own way, and he felt inclined to fight for it now. " You must stick to me," he said, decisively. 4 4 1 won't give you up, Bertha. It wonld be different if your husband had ever been anything but a brute to you. I don't want to say hard things of him now, but—well, you know, and I know. Do yon think he wants you as I do ? " Her lips trembled. " He—he swore at me when I went into his room," she answered, in a low, shamed tone ; " But still—but still—Jack dear, you must go, and I must stay." He looked at her keenly. "What if I refuse—positively refuse—to go without you ?" he asked. : ' She shook her head. " You won't do that Jack, I know. It would not be like you. I am quite determined, and I know you won't press me because—because I trust you." He was still looking at her with that keen, searching gaze. 4 1 Determined to send me away fi-om yon, Bertha V Quite, quite determined ? " 4 ' Quite, quite determined, dear," she answered, Radly. He shrugged his shoulders and frowned darkly for a moment, then ail at once his eyes softened. The look on her face, and the knowledge of all that her decision meant to her might have touched and ennobled a far harder and worse man than he. You are an angel, Bertha," he said. " If ever there was an angel on earth it's you—hut don't blame me, dear, if I can't help wishing that you were just a little more human. That's my man's nature, I suppose, and man's nature is brutal at the best, as somebody or other said. 1 know you're right to send me away—and God forbid that I should hinder you from doing what is right. Per haps I shall feel differently some day, but just now I can't think of anything but how hard it is to give you up, and how lonely I shall be without you." Then lie took her hands in his Mid drew her a little nearer to lum, as he went on in a graver tone. 4 4 Don't think that I lose sight of your troubles because I think so much of my own. I'm a selfish brute I know, but I hope I'm not quite so bad as that. I know—who better? —all that yon have suffered and all that you must suffer, and I would do am^thing in the world to help you. But what can I do if you send me away from you—what can I do ? He looked at her with passionate pleading, but her eyes did not waver iu their soft and steady gaze. 4 4 You can do nothing, Jack," she said. And then she drew her hands away. -So the die was cast. 'When Jack went away he went alone, and Bertha, with tear- dimmed eyes, took up the burden of the old days again. Once life had held the cup of happiness to her eager lips, but fate had dashed it aside. Once she had stood on 44 the threshold of delight," but she was never to cross it in this world. 