Children's Column. MIDST FIRE iKl) FLAME. iConduded.) All terror and confusion cea9ed at once. The Norwegian's powerful form and the flash of bis eagle eye reassured them. Bat there were plenty of curses in the old Norse tongue as the herds were driven into the farmyard, where A ditch wasdugoutasA faneasc-«rork. ' They will attack at night,' said Taors wald. ' Th*t is true,' answered his. father, with a flash of his fiery eyes. ' They steel on yoa use a wud cat. ' If we stand off their rush,' said tbe boy, ' they will then try to burn us out. We ought to wet the roofs now thoroughly.' ' No,' said Gonsberg, curtly. ' We have not time. Take your mother aod sister to the barn.' ' I think my place is here by your side, father,' said the boy. ' Take the women to the cave and see that you keep their outcries down,' repeated Gansberg. When rhe female portion of the hodsehold was behind the big gates the Norseman, with a laugh, swung the doors to. 'Stay there boy,' he said; 'Icaouot fight with women and children rfinglnj, round my knees.' Tfcorswald raged. Tears of wounded pride, shame, and anger rose in his eyes, but hia mother aaid : ' He knows what is best for you, Thor.' The matron made arrangements in the cave for sleeping. The terrified women became calm as they realised that they were in a place of comparative safety. Tbe solid walls of rock dulled every sound from outside. About midnight the garrison stood on the alert, for dim shadows were discovered flit ting through the pines, and grouping and massing out on the plain. Grey Eagle, the Crow war diief, was as haughty every whit as the best Norseman that ever saied * galley or belted on «. sword, and bis force was so strong that he disdained the usual Bunke-Iike Indian approach. He mar shalled the Indians into two columns for a rtfeh to carry the farmhouse by storm. On they came in the moonlight, yelling, and though the steady fire ^f the Norwegians thinned their ranks, the Crows dosed up every lime, aud at but jumped the bieaiiiE work. Then it was euustock against toma tuij£ i''i hunting ^ aeainst hunting Gonaberg's great form towered over his foes and ralocd bloHsaround Ukea Goliath Grev Eagle met bim and was crashed. A chjr went up, and the blood of battle blinded the giant's eyes, though he was dimly cuncious of a slender form at his side, and, whoever it was, he warded off many a deadly blow, and he pursued the Indians hot aud heavy as tliev made off with the body of Grey Eajjle. But the conflict was over for thi moment. Quuslierg looked around on his herdsmen a dozen of them lying at his feet, ' Another such victory,' he sighed, ' and sai'd?ho outj'lmb-!re-i as fa' to one, father,' .v.Tbf N,on?!nian tumed- ' Ah, it was you, then! Andjousawthefignt? Ay, you JM — and took your part like a man 1 re member it alL' All knew the Indians too well not to feel sure that the attack would be repeated before morning. Iu the house the wounded vtere earned into the burn, and the whole foroe areompanied them. The rancb-house, abandoned P- ''A **'* '** '°* About three o'clock the Indian yells hurst 'ho^'nT1 ''- ''luluneously a lurid fllaK shot up from all the neks of hay and straw The neighing of tbe horses in the stables mixed with the fraatic bellowing of the cattle and the crackle of the flames excited the Berserker blood of the Norseman to fury. He filled b« tankard from a brandy barrd. No one dared reason with him. Suddenly he flnne back his long hair and strode to thedoor. Thorwald flung l,i,r«lf m hi, b As be spoke he caught up a ponderous broad-bladsd woodman's axe and swnng it in gUttering circles around hia head. All shrank at the furious blaze of bis eyes. None dared lay a hand npon him. With a shout like Hector rushing forth from the gates of Troy he dashed out of the smoke and flame of the burning farmyard. Swinging hia axe around hie head he dashed on the Indians. The heavy gates swung to behind him with a terrific clang. Thorawald made no effort to follow bis father. He darted to tbe side of the cave and disappeared into the short subterraueau passage-way he had excavated in the hollow pine. ' The chamber in the tree was loop ooled, and fce could see Che Homeric combat in front of the light of the burning ricks. The giant waa surrounded, but his axe swung re morselessly and the Indians fell before him. But now, suddenly, quick as the strokes of the broad axe fell, Guusberg's foes fell quicker, rhorswald had not gone into the pine to be a spectator, bat wta dealing oat bullets from a powerful air gun. The Indians stopped panic-stricken, as mysteriously one and another fell- But just as Thorswild was congratulating himself, bis lalier reeled blindly, staggered and feU. A painted Crow brave sprang with uplifted knife to scalp tbe giant, but Thorawald Bent a silent ballet his way. The savage threw up his arms with a shrill scream of agony. The panic was completed and the Indians fled in a crowd. They continued to fall as they rushed past the boruing hay-ricks, and amarfid they darted into Ihe pines helter skelter. Thorewatd opened his secret door in the pine bark, rushed out and threw his father's body into the chamber. Then he hurried through a subterranean passage and called for help, and in a few minutes the body of Gnns berg was carried into the barn. Tborswald hastened back to his wooden fort. Indians were nowhere visible, but he saw they had only retreated so as to be out of range, and wen probably planning a fresh attack. His great {ear was that the next would pile the hay and stxaw against the big barn door &nd; Bet it afire, and he hastened to his electric battery. He carried tbe long spirals of wire out to the iron bars of the gate. A grim smile tit ap his face &s; he realised the terrific shock the Indians would receive when they laid bands on tboae irona. He hardly gained the tree agaia when a big crowd of painted savages made a rush altogether with nplifted tomahawks to batter down the entrance gate of the cave barn. Their sudden yells of horror and fright made the boy dance with delight. The Tn^iftna sprang back in »T'^7»mfpt and terror when their tomahawks struck the heavy doors. ' Howgh ! howgh !' they yelled, ' the white chiefs gate is bewitched !' The; turned and fled. Thorawald sent a few bullets from the air gun amongst ti*ttm tg complete the rout. ' Howgh ! the big white chief was again slaying his foes by magic i' 'If L know the superstitioas Gtnws rightly,' Thorsmld muttered, ' the next fright I give them will scatter them like chaff, aud last them till daylight.' He took with him s large bottle of phos phorus, and crawled forth on hands and knees. Tbe straw and the hayricks were a mass of dark, smouldering fire. Toe smote lay like a pall over the burnt farmhouse. The darkness was intense ; creeping up to tiie big bam doors, on their flat surface he rapidly drew in outline with tbe phosphorus a full length portrait of the dead oheif. Grey Eagle. The lihenpBB grew and stood forth in the darkness in linn of fire. When tbe work was finished he crept back in haste to the hollow pine and awaited results. By this time the Crows bad again recovered from their panic, and under the urgings of their medicine man, who was angry at the success of the white man's 'medicine,' they came on again with yells and threats to attack the barn. Thorswald ooold see them leaping through the farmyard in great numbers ; but as they dashed at the barn an Indescribable yell barst ou the night air. The fiery figure of their dead chief threat ened them with uplifted hand, and with a simultaneous cry of terror they fled back to the dense voods. Then the day broke, aud the rosy light of dawn spread oier the plain. The fanuuaase and its surroundings «ere masses of blackened and smoking ruins, but the inmates of the cave were unharmed. Tfaorswald found his father greatly recovered. Help came during the day. The frontiers-men south of the Red Tarn had banded together and formed a company of soldiers. The Crows were driven across the Irontier into Canada with a bury loss, from which the tribe never recovered, and Minnesota was relieved from the spectre of rapine and blood. For years the legend of the great chief's ghost was a frontier story, and even now it can be heard among the tales of the early settler's days told by Minnesota firesides in the long winter uighu. But the Crows, who were finally allowed to return to their reservation, will not speak of Grey Eagle's ghost to any white man, though the story is told to their cluldren's cbildreu, and has become a tribal legend. ?v/'ii? not PernliPs generally known, says the Afoniif Morgan Bcrald, that witnin eight ?r nine miles from Mount Morgan there are Hundreds of tons ol manganese upon the surtace. The mineral substance has been Msayed at the Mount up to 67 per cent. Mr. Kamro has offered it at £7 per ton which 'ff?'?.1* ' *'** 'Monable price seeing that tie S^ew Zealand mineral costs £10 per ton, from which colony the company obtained a supply some time ago. At--«-' it U purchased .u Gladstone, where it may cost £fi or £, per ton besides carriage. Now if the s»srSiJ33E is snr*£ !*?™J *. icaU «*? why should not local 'OMteybepUMnised? Echo answers why ? 