FOSSICKING, And. the Efficacy of . Prayer. (FOB THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') &QX; k°' b'ee ^ 1 ' ^ e^' ' \ linj as 'Oh, same old / '^wvy gfi|| thing — one pick \ v \ (V \ V) / I point, a couple \ ^S// 'ghosts/ and A A whips of black 3'11 ' np T vtrillai^ lum lir* on/1 o f f qi« rrJ tfin «* Iii moalP Cs shake and examining the .abovemen tioned ' prospect,' my mate Dan declared himself thus: 'Well, I' don't, know how you plead, but I'm 'full up.'. That {ghuicing afc the shaft) makes eight of 'em in four weeks. . My name's Walker.' ' Things- were only middling. We had just bottomed our eighth. duffer £or the. month. Our tucker was all but rnn out, and Jenkina, the storekeeper, had only that morning conveyed to ub a polite. inti- mation that ' unless you can-pay me .some thing off this at once I can't let you have any further credit.' ? ' This ' was a little . account ? of five pounds odd. As our last ' blue duck-' was dipping to the poorhouse at tlie rate of a hunt, Mr. Jenkins' chances of our paying ? him something, at once were, to say the least of it, ' Buckley's.' We filled onr pipes, and sitting down, on the logs of the shaft formed ourselves iii to & committee of ways and means to consider the situation. Both of us ''considered ' : for quite ten minutes; Then Dan, .alter dropping -a pebble down the abandoned,- proposed that 'this company do now flit.' Failing, a ceconder this motion lapsed. ' What about selling out ?' said I. ' Ghosts' being the strongest color we had raised out of ahy'of the holes'on the claim, the idea seemed to strike my mate as being preposterously ab3Ufd. When he had ceased laughing he inquired of me, ' who the ? did I think would be mug enough to buy a show, like this.' As we hadn't enough gold to ' salt' a dish let alone a claim, salting 'her' was' out of the question. 'Well,' said I; 'we must fix the old cradle up, and try arid fossick out a few ' weights ' down the creek. One thing is certain — if Jenkins don't get some gold ?we'll get no tucker.' : We went back to the camp, and for tea that night ' finished the last of our salt junk and that well known bush camp horror 'golden' syrup; also we cut into Friday of the damper. This being Wed nesday, and the damper only billed to last over Saturday, things looked, bad for our next tea. Dan wasn't in much humor for talking, so turned in early, and I soon followed suit. The diggings we were on was 'one of the has-beens/' but there were' still odd patches left (oases in the desert), and from time to time one heard of men making a small rise. However, these dabs took a lot of finding. I had generally been pretty lucky, but since I had thrown in my lot with Dan (chummed in with him over ou the Braidwood side) my searches for the 'yaller metal' had been rewarded with very indifferent success. Still we kept on together, belting away and trusting to Providence (especially belting away). The boys always had it that Dan was too d — d religious to get gold. Anyhow, Dan always went to church ou Sundays, provided, we were anywhere within cooee of one; also he never missed saying his prayers night and morning. Just before ' daylight next morning I woke with a start, . to. see my mate leap out of his .bunk and charge out of the tent. Two 'possums had taken our sole-roniaining joy, the damper, out under \- the galley, and were having ructions over it. Dan wrestled with them for a minute or two, and managed to rescue part of the' ' sod.' Once up he lit the fire, and stopped up, boiled the billy, and — tell it not in Oath — said not his morning prayer. 1 Perhaps he was so disgusted with things in general that he forget all about it; anyway, he didn't pray that morning worth a cent. Having cut into Saturday night of the damper, and thereby finished it, we shouldered our tools and went off down the creek. I set the cradle, and lashed into some of the old drift, and Dan went down a piece further to try a dish out of an old 'terrace. i Presently he whistled for me to- go down. ;! He had about four weights in the dish, and | a smile on him like — well, you should have | seen it. | We worked the dab out in a few hours 1 (got over three ounces), paid Jenkins that | night, and next morning started for the 1 new rush near Mudgee. | Dan has never been guilty of saying his I prayers since, and if you should happen to ask any one how we are ' doing ' now I aday3, they generally say : ' Oh, those j: fellows are always on a bit of gold some how. Luck seems to Btick to 'em all | right.' . — Herbebt Glennie. 