Interoolonial Rowing. c:o:- SLACK, THE' QUEfLLANDE.R, WINS B'i SBE'QcULING RAcE. IBfE EccTraeo cEnGs .- .i. [iROM OUR O0N COR5E5P0.SDE.T. . . S?rn.E, May 24. A more 'miserably disheartening day for the aquatic inltreolnial campionship events could'hardly-be tinigined than yesterdayi A strong coutherly gale, aeeompanied by showers of sleet, blew with great violence all theoaftet noon, and made racing both hazardous and unpleasant. In the first eent--the Champion Fours--the three crews ranged themselves,at the starting post, The Brothers. The dourser was two and a'qfihiter miles, 'Win the Parra matta River, 4sud grit regret was eapressed at the iosl-phirrt1cpatin+ "of'Qu'eenslandjn the. event, owing to -the inability of that colony to procure a suitable boat in Sydney. Victoria put a splendid crew out, who, it was thought, would in fine weather hold the race in the palm of their hand; but it was felt that probably the strong wind and choppy sea would give New Zealand an opportunity to snatch a win, under conditions soited to the great we.ight and strength of the rew? Th~e New South Wales crew had only practised together during the week, and so it was felt that they had not the'ghost of a chance. and this sur mise proved to be correct. The race 'was started 'half- an-hour ' late, New Zealand being on the northern shore, New South Wales in the middle, and Victoria on the southern shore, the latter gaining a material advantage from its position. The crews got well away, Victoria striking forty- five strokes to the minute, New South Wales forty-three, and New Zealand forty-four. They all got the wash of the lerry.steainer, but then Victoria began to forge ahead, and at Abbotsford led from New Zealand by hlalfa-length' and New' South VWales by a foull length. 'Approaching Glades ville the force of the wind began to be felt, and the New Zealand crew made up'a little of their lost ground. The wind drove the two cerews towards the wharf, and the New Zealanders heldup a hand as a protest, which, however, was not sustained, although the oars of the two boats actually touched. The rough water toested the endurance of the crews across to Hee and Chickens Bay, and the Victorians showed a tendency to roll. The New Zealanders piessed them hard here, but Sloane called upon his men, and they increased their lead to a length. The efforts of the New ZealaInders here began to tell on them, No. 2 and No. 0 especially being distressed. They, however, kept on manfully, but the Victorians, withll the race well in hand, just kept a lead of a length till nearing the winning post, which they passed three lengths ahead of New Zealand, New South Wales being last, ten lengths behind. Time, 12mrin. 32sec. For the Sculling Chamnpionship the com petitors were--M. J. Slack (Queensland),'J. L. Bannister (New South Wales), KIt. M'Cormack (New Zealand), and E. Powell (Victoria). Slack drew No. 1 position, on the north shore, and Bannister, Powell, and M'Cormack ranged across in the order named to the southern side, The betting was 5 to 4 aud even money against Slack, and i to 4 v. Hannister. It was 5 o'clock before the race cosmmenced. .annister asd Powell were the quickest away, but after the first bhal-dozen strokes Powell steered a bad course, and did not clear the wharf, and M'Cormack was even worse off. At this point Bannister and Slack were aboot on even terms, but the formcer hedged to the southern shore to escape the wind, and Slack kept in midstream. The latter maintained a steady pace in- tihe rough water, and the other two were out of the contest at Gladesville; but Ban ulnister and Slack were so far sepprated laterally that from the rear it was hard to say who had the advantage. The wind warery strong in Hen and Chickens Bay, and Po gave up. There was not much in it apparently until off the Gasworks, when Black began to leave the New South Wales representtive, who despite his faster stroke could' not hold his own. At Putney Slack had a lead :of a length and a half, which he increased at themile bea con, and sporting off Uhr's Point he won with a good deal to spare by five lengths, though Bannister finished in good style. M'Cormaek persevered to the end, but was 200 yards away. The times were:-One-man Wharf, 2min. Bsec.; Gladesville, 4min. 35sec.; Tennyson, Smin. 206sec.; Putney, 12min. 25see.; Blanlands, 1imin. 24sec.; Uhr's Point, 21min. Gsec.; the beacon, 23min. 44(see. 