THE GHOST OF HA1LSHAM CASTLE. [For Recitation.] 'Talkik* of ghoste, reminds me, Mam, Of a story now many years old ; It 'appenedone nighb when my husband, Sam, Got too much to drink, and was bold. Now, Sam, ye must kuow, he wasn't o'er well The mornin1 'e left for the fair, An' so 'e called in at the ' Old Blue Bell,' To have a drink, 'e and the mare. He said he'd be home nob later than six Both 'e and the old mare together ; But ten o'clock struck — I thought, Sam's in a fix, An' lying dead drunk ab ' the Feather. At the thought o' that, Mam, I felt full o' grief. I couldn't see black night for cryin' ; To turn over quite another new leaf, I vowed it while sobbin' an sighin'. I'd leave him, I would, that there very nighb ; I'd go where he never would find me. I put on my things and made myself right To cut 'im and leave 'im. behind me. I'd to pass on that night that very old pile — Thecaatle — once owned b3' 'Ould Robin, Tired out 'pon a stone I sab for awhile, For my hearb wae a-beatin' an' sobbin'.' Some sailors, ye know, from the neigh bonin' coast, Were standin' wi' some folks quite near; They were talking and whisporin' boub a weird ghost, As walked there that night every year. 'Twas now 'bout midnight, an' all was so dark, The blackest of nights without doubt ; I was thinkin' of 'ome, when the sailors cried ' Hark There it is ! See ! Walkin' about !' I screamed when I saw ib ; it looked, oh, so white, As it stealthily walked up and down ; Except a long robe which was shiney and bright, Nothing else had ib on but that gown. The village 'twas in such a terrible plight Men, women and children stood fixed ; They came far and near in the dead o' the night, And they looked nob a little unmixed. The news reached the ears of Viscounb Macdanna, Who now stood in front o' the throng, Gazin' together wi' Lady Susannah, Who whispered that 'aomethin' was wrong. ' The ghoab shouted out in grave tones, ' Hallo !' 'Twas a long, piercing, dismal, deep groan. The crowd scurried back with a scared, mighty ' Oh !' For someone had thrown a big stone. Oh came the ghost with such terrible speed. His white robes a-flowin' in the air ; A-howlin'and groanin' because o' that deed, He seized Lord Macdanna's young heir. ' Stop !' cried the parson, ' speak ! ; who, sir,art thou V The ghost nota word diditspeak.Mam; I conjure thee to speak, who.sir, art thout' Dontcherknow, old cock ? Why, I'm Sam !' ' Mulvv Ouseley. Smith : ' Are the whisky and cigars all right V Brown . ' Yes, they're under tho pent.' Smith : 'And the lunch ?' Brown.: ' That's under the seat, I ou.' Smith : ' And the hooka and lines, f Brown : ' By Jove ! I forgot them entirely. Smith : ' That's too bad. Well I sup pose we'll have to get along the be,t way we can without them.' Teacher : ' Who.was Diogenes ?' Tommy Traddlea : ' Please, uii-.'am he was a celebrate! Englishman.' Teacher : ' How in the world del you get that impression ?' ? Tommy Traddles : ' Why, he v;u. so fond of. his tub.' After several bright children in a class had given their various answers to their teacher's query for the definition of wife, r-. sorrowful little maiden spoke up : ' Someone for a man to find fault wit! when tilings go wron$.' 