TEE POWER NOT OURSELVES. fBv the Rev. Lyman Abbott, D.D.l . Finally, niy brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of His might.—EriiESiANS vL 10. It is because we are learning to be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might that we. have modern civilisation. We are not materially stronger than our fathers, and yet we. are immeasurably stronger. We cannot run'more' swiftly than the aboriginal Indian ran, and yet we can run across the continent, from' New York to San Francisco, without fatigue. We cannot row against a stronger tide or current than our Indian neighbors, yet we get into.our great iron-ribbed canoe at Hew York, and.land, after six days' sail, at Queens town, not wearied by our journey. Why? Because we have learned how to be strong iii the strength of the Lord; because we have learned how to conquer tide and wind and wave by a power not our own. Matthew Arnold has said There is a power not ourselves that makes for righteousness." So there is a power not ourselves that makes for civilisation; and it is because we have learned to lay hold on that power that we have made progress in the world. You cannot lift mere than Ajax could have lifted; and yet a child to-day in one of our great iron mills will lift SO tons and swing it into place, because he is strong in a power that does not reside in his own muscles. We have learnt .how to use the power of the Almighty, and He puts power at our bidding. And this is the secret of civilisation. There are three great forces'on which it depends— gravitation, heat, • electricity. By using these great, forces we are doing a work that we could never have done without them, and releasing ourselves for something better and higher. If we still had to depend upon our own muscles, it would take so much time to keep our bodies in condition1 that we should have no time for the development of mind and spirit. It is because we set-the universe to do our drudgery for us that we are released to do something better than drudgery. But we do this, not by our might or our power, but by using a power not ourselves that makes for civilisation. I visited: the other day the works of the Niagara Falls Power Com pany. They have turned a mere cupful of water (I think one-tenth of 1 per cent, of the water that flows over Niagara Falls), and with that they are setting in revolution ten dynamos,reach representing 5,000 horsepower, and Mr. Te'sla .says that with a wire from Niagara. Falls to New York on one side and Chicago on the other he can light both cities., "We catch a little of the power of Niagara, and, as we say, generate electricity; but we do not. • Man does not generate electricity. The world itself is a great dynamo, and the electric cur rents are flowing from east to west; and by taking a cupful of power from the cataract we are able to take a cupful of electricity from the great dynamo and run our trolly-ears, and light our buildings, and operate great machines by a power not ourselves which makes for civilisation. . Now, arewetosupposethatGodfurnisliestbe universe with power for food and clothing and light and transportation, and leaves His children to struggle with temptation,. with | doubt, with moral problems, without reaching as much as a little finger to help them ? Will He feed them if they are hungry, clothe them if they are naked, light them if they are in darkness, and then, if they are enmeshed in temptations too much for them, say, "Youi may go down to death; I will not help you?;' I Is that credible? No! As there is a power not ourselves that makes for civilisation, so there is a power not ourselves that makes for righteousness. And the God who has j stored . up the material universe with . all these powers that. have run unused so long, and that we are just now begin ning to use a little, has not left the spiritual realm without aids to His children. There are spiritual forces. They are in the family, in the Church, in the conscience of the universal humanity; they are in the aspirations inspired by the_ Spirit of God;. in literature, in the Bible," in God Himself, who enspheres us with Himself and holds Himself ready to render whatsoever service we are- ready to take at His hands! It is this spiritual strength that is the secret of the moral progress of humanity, as it is the presence of this material strength that is the secret of the material civilisation of'humanity. God puts Himself at: our service. We are strong when we take His strength, and weak, when we _ try to do 'our work' without it. This spiritual strength is the secret oE the victories which individual - men have wrought over themselves. There is no .phe nomenon in human life that has wrought more marvellous changes in the human race than | that which the theologians call conversion: and yet thehnetaphysicians scarcely speak of it. .What was: it that turned Moses from a shepherd into a statesman ? He always said of himself that his strength and wisdom were not his own, and from the day when he met Jehovah at the burning bush until the day .when ha went up to that solemn mount where he met Him onceagain, never to re turn alive, he said, " I will not go unless Thy presence go with me:" It'was the power of God resting upon him and dwelling with him and accompanying him that made this pas sionate man a meek man, and this man that j ran . away from duty faithful in the fulfil ment of duty, and this cowherd a statesman. What was it that made of that shepherd king, whose nature was so passionate, and whose great culminating sin-was that of bloodiness and lust — what was it that made him the Sweet Singer of Israel, so that all the psalms' of all other centuries took on his name—because he was deemed, and rightly deemed, to be the source of spiritual semg in.tiie Hebrew nation ? Another breath breathed upon him and made the song sweet. And to come to One incomparably greater. What was it that made the Christ the power He was upon the earth ? How was it that He could put His finger on the blind and the blind should see? That He could touch the ear of the deaf and the deaf should hear ? That He could stand at the grave, say, "Lazarus, come forth," and the dead should hear? He has told us: "The Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works ; and greater works than these shall ye do." What was it that turned a Paul from a Pharisee to an apostle of the Gospel, made tae pride that had been his enemy his servant, harnessed his very ambition to the triumphal chariot of. his Lord, and rolled it along its triumphant march through pagan cities ? He has told us—" I can do all things through Christ that strerigtheneth me." Run down the history of the human race from Moses to John B. Gough and throughout it is the same story. The man who was struggling with temptation which was too strong for him ; the man who was mired in the soii with an in visible hand drawing him down, was helpless and hopeless until he reached up and took hold of an invisible hand above, and then he was lifted out of the mire and put on the solid ground and made a man by a power that was not his own. . This is the secret of the great reform move ments of the world. A few thousand serfs in Egypt go forth, cowed, timid, scared at every peril, continually, wanting to go back to their slavery, and yet become a nation of warriors and centre of a light of civilisation, so that to day we go back to' their " laws for the funda mental principles of social righteousness, and to. their prophets for the fundamental principles of a Divine life. Was that nation so much greater than any other nation ? Was it so much purer, so much wiser, so much nobler? No! But. there were men in that nation who had learned this secret of civilisa tion, moral and material; they had learned that there is a power not ourselves that makes for life, and had learned how to lay hold on that power. They:were not stronger, but they were more skilled in the art of finding the Divine power that enspheres the globe, and they became the messengers of righteousness to the world- Gibbon has written a famous chapter in which he undertakes to explain the secret of Christianity. The world lies in its darkest night, has reached its lowest level. There is no moral life in Rome. • Philosophy . has almost diet! out of Greece, and prophecy ! out . of Palestine. Then there comes one | young man, " reputed son of a carpenter, who gathers twelve men, peasants, about Him, and after three years is put to death, and they go forth in His name, and in less than four centuries Rome has adopted the religion of the despised. Nazarene. What has done it? Wealth? wisdom? power? Hear what Paul says:—" Not many wise, not many rich, not many strong according to the flesh, are called; but God has chosen the things that are foolish, to confound the things that are wise, and the things that are not to confound the things that are." They were not great nor i wise, but they learned from their Divine Leader, not only that God is, but that God is in.His world, is in human hearts, and the men that have gotten hold of Him will conquer the world, because they have gotten hold of Almightiness. The Lutheran reformation, the Wesleyaa reformation, the Anti- Slavery re formation in America, are all illustrations of the same truth, There are one or two practical applications of this truth that I would like to have you think of. Why should we undertake foreign missionary work ? The Hindoos have their religion, the Japanese theirs, the North American Indians theirs. Why not let them have their religions and go about their business, as we have our religion and go about ours? Why ? Consider. Why not let this Oriental woman turn her handmill, and not tell her there are power8 the world that will grind for her ? Why not let this Oriental scribe write his few pages ot manuscript, and not tell him there is a printing press that will print them by the hundred thousand? We have a secret of life which thev have not. And we haVa 'a secret ot spiritual life which they have not—and a irood many of us do not _ know that. If all- we have to do is to carry to the non- Ghristiau peoples a new dogma or anew ritual, or a new meetmg-house, or to tell tliem that they are to spell their name ot God "Jehovah" and not "Buddha, or that thev are to take a Nicene Creed instead of a tliebsophical creed—if that is all, 1 do not know that foreign missions are wortli wiiat they cost. But if it be true that we have found the secret -of life; if it be true that we are ensphered ill the Eternal, and we^have learned that truth ; if we have found tliao God has come into the human race and dwells m men; if we have learned that men cannot ■ conauer by their own strength, but can con quer if they are inspired by the Divine: power; if we have life and they are dead I do not know how men that have the life can fail to give it to their fellow-men. _ I can understand how the barren tree shall think there is no use in sacrifice, but if the peach-tree has even blossoms and expects fruit in October, 1 think it must want to send its fruit to the hungry. The power of the Church is the power of men who are beginning to find out how to get hold of God, and the Church has power just in the measure in which it does know how to get hold of God. "You shall receive power, says Christ, " after the Holy Ghost lias come upon you." It is just as if one should say, "You shall have lights and trolley-cars after you have learned* the secret; .of electricity. There is a spiritual power ; when you have found it you will be strong. I believe in the institutional Church, in the boys club and ! the girls' club, and tlie kindergarten, and the gymnasium; and all the rest. I am glad we are doing this work m llymouth Church ; I wish we were doing more. J3ut an institutional Church is the idlest thing in the world if it is not an inspirational Church also; nay, if it is not primarily an inspirational Church. If we are to do our work -this winter, and in the coming winters, it will not be by our life nor our strength nor our wisdom; it will be because we have learned something or the secret of life.. We are not lacking m zeal, in activity, in generosity * when our emotions are stirred, nor in brotherly love and social fellowship. But we are quite, sure that we have the same kind of power in this Church that there was when those morning prayer meetings were being held, and when men and women were rising in their placesand;askmg for prayer, because they wanted us to ta.ce their hands groping and put them into the hands of Almighty God?. That .is the power of the Church. Tliis'sceptical man says, What is this power ?" " I do not -know what it is. "And vou expect ine to take-hold and deal with something,.. I do not know what . • "Exactly."* When I was at Niagara Eallsl said to the treasurer of the Power Company, "I suppose; you""'have not yet found out what electricity is?" "No," he. said, "we ao not know what it is; but we are making it and we are selling it." What this strange Divine power is that turns men from the paths ot iniquity to paths of righteousness, that makes men that are weak to be strong, I do not know, butwe arefinding it and we are imparting it It stands by the bedside of the dying and makes them strong to go through their death hour; it helps the sick on the bed of sickness, not knowing whether they are to go forth into this life again or into that other, to say,, 1 would like to live, but I have no fear of death; it makes us in the very imminence ot peril careless of the.peril and happy facing .death; it fills the weak with a power not themselves, so that men look upon them, wondering that persons of such/frail frame can live such ample lives and accomplish such results ; it lilts the tempted out of the mire and clay, and puts their feet on solid ground; it opens the eyes of the blind and gives them sight, and puts the song, of joy into tlie mouths of those that moaned and sighed; it lifts up a whole race, like the Indian race and the Negro race; it enters the slum and does more for it than the public street or the public school; it carries cleanliness and virtue and intelligence * and honor and power, because it carries righteous ness and holiness and God. If you, brother or sister, whom I do not know, in this church to-day are struggling with an enemy who is too much for you; if -you-are carrying a sorrow that seems to you almost in supportable ; if you are bearing tlie burden ot someone else's sin and it seems to-you as though it would crush you to the earth ; it you are living in loneliness because the lite that cheered you has gone from your side; it you are in. darkness, and, all eternal things seem uncertain and unsure; if you are wrestling with temptation, and the devil has got you under his feet and you cannot rise, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might; there is an Almightiness, not only m nature to help us feed and clothe and house and light ourselves, but in the heart of humanity and m the Cradle and-Gross of Christ and m the Spirit of righteousness that enspheres humanity, so that-there is not one of ushere to-day having come in crying out, The things I would not, those I do," who may not go forth to cry, "Thanks be to God which giveth us the victory, through our Lord Jesus Christ. 