lab attil ffcetfe. Mr HXTSBAKD'S ESCAPE. I When I in twenty my widowed mother hid been dead about eighteen months, and by her desire— expressed on her death-bed— I had married Gilbert Armstrong, afterwards so well known in literary circles. He was then a risinff man. but. apart from his earnings, he had a small f ortnne, and was able to give me a home with all the comforts and luxuries I conld reasonably wish for. I had given my first love to Rupert Gar stang, who had proved utterly unworthy of it. On hit father's death, he succeeded to a nice estate, but he ran into excesses of all kinds, and by his gambling and extravagance brought himself to ndn, and suddenly ab sconded, leaving me broken-hearted, for, despite his failings, I loved him dearly. Gilbert had all along lored me, and, with out doubt, hxsafiecttan was as pope as it wta sincere. After Bnpert Garstzng's disappear ance, Gilbert nrged his suit opon me. I told him, what indeed I felt. ' that 1 had no love for any man, now, now '; bat he declared that be would ' wait for my love to come afterwards.'' My mother was dying, and I should be left ?nprovided for, as her income ceased with her life, and she pressed me to accept Gilbert, so, although in my then broken-hearted con dition I wai averse to the match I con sented. I knew Gilbert was a moral, upright, and good man, and I admired and respected him greatly, but 1 did not love him. We bad been married about six months, and Gilbert's kindness, gentleness, and loving attention and forbearance, with bit ever thonghtjul way, had told on me. I had com pletely lost my heart to him, bat I was too proud to confess it. In the earlier days of oar married life, I had received his attention, coldly and indifferently, but he never murmured. He had taken me at my own valuation. ' I had no love to give him,' I had said. I soppoae there is a limit to the patience of all men. Gilbert was very patient and for bearing, but it became evident to me that he was gectine: tired of my cold and nnaflectxon ate behaviour. He, doubtless, thought it was time I reciprocated bis kindness, at all events, even if I were anable to retorn his love, and bis ?sp'jt became less warm towards me, althoagh he was still kind— oh ! so kind— and there mi t tadnou overshadowing him in all his actions. Whether it was because of this gradual ^T*v^ing of his ardour. 1 know not, but, as I aay,X was now conacioua that I did love him— not with the passionate ebullition of my attachment to Bopert tiantang, bat with a deep trustful, earnest, thsnkfnl, and lasting love. Oh ! how I longed to throw myself ioto his arms and tell him he had won my heart I But I could not. By tacit consent, he had never pressed me for any avowal of love, and I was too proud —too stiff-necked— to admit it. I may Lave thooght it modesty. I know I made that the excuse to myself, but it was a lying excuse. It was my wretched pride. I wanted him, my own husband, whom I had promised at the altar to love — to beg for an admission of my affection. So we were gradually drifting away from each other. I felt it every day. I knew that I had only to say. 'Gilbert, I have learned to love you,' and the warm spring of his noble nature would have gushed forth to me. Bat I would not ; and day by day I inwardly chafed, until I came to regard the matter from a false standpoint, and persuaded my self that my love was spurned by him rather =than — as was the truth — that I was spuming lislove. . II We went to Exxdontb for a change. Gilbert Was very fond of boating, and there he could -et plenty of iL I, too, used to like the water, but my miserable feelings induced me to be disagreeable, and I rarely accompanied him. One evening I stood on the sea-wall looking across the month of the River Exe at the beautiful, placid scene. The son ni dis appearing behind the hills on the opposite aide of the rirer, and the huge sand-bank known as 'The Warren' sag fast being hid in the shadow of the deep blue uplands in the west. Gilbert had gone in his boat to Dawlisb, and I was watching with a longing heart (all the more so because I tried to repress its longing) for the appearance of his sail caund the point, when I became conscious that *aomeane was standing beside me. I looked up and it was — Rupert Garstang! Had a ghost appeared to me I could not I 'think, have felt a greater terror than I did at that moment. All the blood in ray body seemed to recede inwards, and I stretched out any hands and clutched the low parapet- wall 4o support myself from dropping to the groand. ' Felicia,' he said ' I have retnrned. lam rich again.' I essayed to speak, bat my voice failed me. Then the recollection came. The blood surged to the surface again, and I felt that I flashed 'Mr. Garstang!' I replied, 'I was not aware that you were in England.' I did not know if he had heard of my marriage, so I added - — ?? We are staying here for a while. My husband is at Dawlish this afternoon.' 'I heard you were married, Felicia,' he retnrned, in a familiar tone, ' but it was a great mistake on your part— a great mistake. I am sure you can't be happy.'' As he bent his head toward, me I could smell bis breath of drink. FT™ impadenee and vulgarity disgusted me, and I could now see through him as through a pane of glass. This was the creature I had loved, for whom I had spurned the affection of the best of men. Faugh ! I bated not only him but myself too. ' Really, Mr. Garstang,' I said, as coldly and as pointedly as I knew how, ' you must be forgetting what you say you have beard. Ton will please oblige me by remembering it, and also the respect you owe to Mr. Armstrong and myself.' ' Oh !' he exclaimed, contemptuously, ' don't ride the high bone. I know all abont it. There's no love lost between yon, I'll be bound. Respect !' he sneered, ' I owe him no respect. He's robbed me of the dearest thing on earth to roe. However, my time will come ; and sooner than many think,' he added, with a boisterous but vicious, half -drunken laugh. His demeanour and language frightened me. ' I will bid yoa good-evening, Mr. Garstang,' I cried, as I turned and hurried to our apartments. m. Rupert's reappearance had very much npset me. I was greatly agitated. The insolent style in which he had addressed me— as if I belonged to him— made me boil with in dignation. It was not even as if I had jilted him. He bad squandered his patrimony, and left me without the bare decency of a parting word. I had long felt that I bad done with him for ever, and yet bere he was persecuting me with bU presence, as if be had a better rightto my allegiance than my own husband had. I sat with such thoughts as these gorg ing through my brain, and the time pswd, without my noticing its progress until it was getting quite late and Gilbert had not re* turned. The servant came to me and announced that Hinncf was ready. 'Mr. Armstrong will be in directly,' I replied. ' Let it wait for a while. ' The next minote there was a violent ringing at the door bell, and ' old Dave,' the boatman, followed the girl into the room, ** Oh. ma'am, ma'am 1' be cried, ** Fm Afrfn' sorry for ye, I am indeed, bat Master Armstrong's boat has been found bottnm ?rp'&rda; off 'The Warren,' and it'a a/moat certain as he's lost.' I gave a shriek and would have fainted, bat the maid rushed to me with some water. which wtu at hand, and nrged me to be calm. She was a sensible kind-hearted girl, and her presence of mind was contagions, so I rallied myself. 'Is there no hope?' I cried. 'Has no sign of my bnsband been seen ? Tell me ! Has bis body not been found ? Tell me tbe worst!' 'No, ma'am.' replied the man; 'he's not been found. Bat I'm aTeer'd there be bat little hope— and that's the troth. It is said as how's there's been some fonl play ; for why ? — there's some holes been bored in the bottom of the boat.' 'Holes bored?' I said. 'Why, who could do such a thing? Besides, the boat would not float.' 'Oh! well, yoo see, ma'am, if the holes was plugged wi' soap, or snthin' o1 that sort, it 'ad float for a time. I've heer'd o' each games afore now,' he answered* 'What can be done?' £ asked helplessly. 'Nothin as I can set?, except to wait ma'am,' be replied. 'No. I can do nothing, I suppose, bnt wait,' I said, despondently. 'I would ratfaer be alone in my anxiety and grief. Hunk yon for your kindness in coming Dare; and let me know if anything farther is dis covered.' ** Thank'ee ma'am.' conclnded Dave, u he pocketed his gratuity and shuffled off. ' I'll be snre and let yoa know as soon as I hears o* anything. ' I sat down aloae with my bead bowed in my hands, in an agony of suspense and dread. All aorta of fancies flittered through my mind. So far as I knew, my husband had not any ecemy in the whole world. Who could have wished to in j are him. I could not imagine. Then Ropert Ga.rat&og;'e drunken boast re peated itBelf in my ears ; ' My time will come, and sooner than many think.' Gould he have done this wicked thing ! I tried not to believe it possible, but my conscience told me that he might be capable of it or of any thing else. Presently I was roused from my reverie by tbe servant. ' A gentleman to see you* ma'am.' And Garstang walked into the room. ' I am not able to nee anyone no*,' I aaid. 'I am in trouble and wish to be alone.' ' Oh ? Let me stay a bit,' he said, huskily, a& he dropped iato e. chair . ' I h&ve; heard of tfae — the— er ? accident, and thought I'd call and — er— condole with you. It must be very distressing to you I'm sure.' There was a ring of falsity in his voice which ' struck a chili,' to my very soul, I looked at him, but could say nothing. '* There's do doubt his dead,' he went on, with brutal frankness, '* Bat its useless for yoa to make yourself UL It's God's doing. ' II It u rather some scoundrel's doing,' I replied. 'It's murder — that's what it is !' I watched bim closely in tbe gas-light and his face twiched and went asheu pale, but he recovered himself instantly. ** Oh, nonsense r'beBaid, barriedly. 'It's evidently a pare accident. He got caught is in a squall, I suppose and bad the Bail fixed instead of holding the rope loose. It fre quently happens. Bat it's no good taken it to heart to much, Felicia, it'e ? ' II Don't call me that,' I interrupted. ' And I wish you would leave me. I want to be alone.' He rote from his seat and came towards 'Oh ! don't send me way,' he began. '* New you are free again, lean sorely be near I kept silence. I wanted the man gone and knew tot how to be rid of bim without a ' Now, Felicia,' he started again, in a half dnmkendrowl, 'don't be silly, rouarefree again, I say, and I have the same old feeling of you. ? ' My mind was made op. 'Stop!' I ahouted in a rage. 'Stop. There's been foul play. They tell me Gilbert's boat has been bored with holes. Who could have done it?' . . I looked at him with eyes blanng with ancer, and hia gaze fell before me. 'You!' I exclaimed. Who but you? You I Who wrecked my young hopes and left me in despair, and now come hear, unsought and unwanted by me, to wreck the chance of happiness that I had 1 Do you think I have a epark of love or regard left for you?' In my distress, I .almost forgot Rupert Garstang's presence and I went on more to myself than to him : — ' Your dastardly treatment drove love from my heart, and Gilbert Armstrong married me knowinc that I then bad no love for biro. But he was a good man, and I had learned to love him as I never loved before. Oh ! would that I had bent my stiff-necked arrogance, and acknowledged my love and affection for him, as I have longed to do dozens of times lately !' Then I turned on Rupert in my wrath again. ' Yon have murdered him. I know it was you, and you cannot deny iL Go ! and my corse go with you !' IV *' Nay, my darling.' said Gilbert's cheery voice, out of the darkness outside, as he entered the room, 'Nay, my darling don't curse him ; bless him instead. I have heard all, and this is the happiest moment of my life. If Mr. Garstang is responsible for the scuttling of my bott, I thank him from the bottom of my heart, for he has been the means of muting jour love at last known tome!' Rupert GaiBtang threw op his arms in affright when Gilbert came forwards as if be had seen a ghost ; bat before my husband had finished speaking he realised tbe position and, snatching up bis hat, fled from the house. I drew a veil orer the loving momenta that ensued between Gilbert and myself. Suffice it to say that I have been never known a day's onhappincsB with him since, and we are now after twenty long years, as endeared to each It transpired that the holes in the boat had (as 'old Dave' had suggested) been filled jritb plugs of some soluble substance, and when about half-way across the river-month, the water began to flow in. Gilbert tried all he could to keep down by bailing but, it was fast gaining when he sigh ted a boatman oat fishing, and made signs of distress. The fisherman managed to reach him in time, and, after beaching the scnttle boat on ' Tbe Warren' they proceeded to Dawlish, Gilbert returned witn his rescuer subsequently and not for a moment anticipating that any scare would be created or that it would get to my ears in any way. He was, oF course, at a loss to understand who conld have tampered with his boat, bat it now seemed raagnifestly certain that R npert Garstang, having . found oat we were at Exmoath, had in a drunken freak followed us, and in this Tn»d-hf*a-1fi^ and clumsy but diabolical fashon, tried to put Gilbert out of His wicket act had, instead, the effect of bringing Gilbert and myself such great happi ness thftt we determined not to inquire fnrtner into it; and Rupert Garstacg 'never crossed our path again. 