XOKHffiEBN SUPREME COUET TOHSDAI. (Before Mr. Justice Chubb.) Tile criminal sittings, of die CSrenit Court was opened yesterday, at the Cocrt House. -when. Mr Jame^oa prose cuted ob behalf of the Crown. , . £"orgeiy and Ctterfng. IHward All Fan mus indicated on «. charge of forging and uttering a tSteqtie by altering-, tihe same toam 9/- to £B. The cheque toeing drawn by Arthur £ari. in favor of the Xor 4bd$L EaQpay. Mr. yacnatigtiton appeared Tar the accused,who pleaded gnUtr. IMr. Hacnaaghton pressed for leniency and stated the accused' was highly re spected. He was nnder the age of tn, and- had footfeSdy yielded to the temptation of another man to alter me cheque. The man who iiad tempted the accused could not be JConnd, but bis name was IFGowan. Tie money paid by tie bonk In nefcnow- ledsemetit at the cheque, wontd be refunded by the accused's friends. In reply to His Honor, Detective MXJnaker said lie knew the man irGovran, who was mentioned in tiie case. Mr Maenaugh ? ton said tiie money bad been refunded to the bank. The defendant's guar dian was MrJo3in ArcMbald, of War wick;'defendant was In the receipt of some -money wfcen be became of age. A/ter some argument between toe Judge and Grown prosecutor. the defendant was charged for a misde meanour- His Honor said he alwtrrs liked to be lenient with young people Slid Old people, too, for that matter; be .would sentence him to twelve tnonllis hajd labor, bat easpend the «entence. jmdei the First Offenders Act- . V j Breach] oif the Insolvency Act. 'Alfred Areeott -was indicted oa a <3iarge <xf bteacJi <H the Insolvency Act fiy omitting to keep proper books, prcrlcras to bis insotrency. Thei ftftwriig jttty nras -einpaiL asUeA:-John lMxon;' Thos. Kennedy. <J,3GHer, Joseph c. Olartin. 6. Cook p. Thompson, Bran. Jones, E. Mere .ditii, B. -Cra%, BSchard Terrell, and fiSRiod StdiiL ' Mr JiDCoid, appeared Sor die ac cused. «ii4 aefced ihis client to be Bl loweil fer ek oatBide the dock, in order «ra± he oonid insttTuct fc5m{Mr ilBTord) la tie case. , . . sis Honor refused tiie request. 2Jbe role was to &£aw no distinction be tween whntnat ? offences and tolsde^ Jneantrar. gome misdemeanours 'were "worse titan: some criminal offences. Silt if a difficulty arose during the case, J19 would allow the acetified to ait by him.- He. was not going to mate fish of'one and fowl of another. In opening the -case, Mr Jameson said 4be prisoner <was charged icitir omitting to keep proper boobs or ac count toee months 'previous to the date of bis insolvency. It troold be Shown toy evidence <irtiicb lie inteaded to pmt before tbesn: the accused bad two Shoes, one of which lie sold a man named Green for. £154 (cash and promissory notes). wtiich bad not been entered in tie books. The ac ensed'6 ibookE, which "werte in the WHAT A FOMCX ET THE A.M.P. SOCIETY SOBS. 1\. While <t itnes It satisfies, Ms conscience and bis affection by naMng provision for -tie &OG;&ble; needs.of loved ones. . It gives peace of mind, ttans enab ling one to apply himself to Iris duties .wiHioot anxious forebodings as to the fttliire. It promotes Indostry, economy and good iiafifta, by reason of the necessity off periodical payments upon the pol icy. Many need the spur of a definite ptfrpose to Induce them to save. ft enaMes a man to provide liber ally for iJie present needs and com fort of Ms -limlly by releasing blm . from Hie' necessity of saving as mutih as poss8>le to provide a support in case "~~T8f~fcfc> premature death. it cnaMgs a man to sare money, $nd so to 'provide tor bis own future \- comfort by toe-aid of small animal payments, ttiiile lxe fs In the prime of fife. According to He returns furnished by tile different insurance Societies to! tie Government, the A.M.P. Society last year effected considerably mote than three times the amount of ineur : vice In QoeensJand than any other life office. Apply for rates to J. METER. c/o S. H. Tborpe, oppoate Post Office Btssession of the trustee, did not dti 43lase s. true -Gt&tc; of jtihe defendtuit' affairs. There mis no «nah Tx>ok fccj in connection nvith one of the Ghosts The accused -was known- to imve rc celved sundry accounts, ^retiiieli he bai not eotered in the (books, and otbe entries ?were made In the books o contra account, without any jjariieu lflrs as to their nature. The sale <0; the business to Green bad been se aside by an order of the Supreme Court, as a fraudulent bargain. T. iG. ffeaeer, C. A. ill. Morris l&omas; Green and P. J. Allen save evidence of similar nature to thai already published. After iSfr llllforc bad -pointed ont certain facts, nrlitcft be contended "were in tbe s^csede favor, lie asked 4he jury to acquit him, as thpir vafi Tin ni«tA»ai *r show Siat he omittod to- keep propes <book of account for &e; purpose pi fraud. T?be 'books 'were <ui mere, ana The made the accused kejK them was owe than pro&aWe;, due <0 ignorace. ?His Honor in summing up said the 'accused was charged for a misdemean | our under the Insolvency Aei. What the Jury bad to consider "was whether the accused had omitted to keep pro per boots of account for a fraudulent purpose. So far as be knew tiiere -eras no law to compel a man to beep boofas so Ions as he paid fals -way. The de fendant bad kept fire boobs, quite large enough for any ordinary business if the BcooTmtB were properly kept. Mr. :AMen toad stated they were not proper books of account in relation to th^ business tiie defendant carried on. He {minted oat that a. business in e small my could sot be expected to keep the same <namber of (books as a large business, or to be kept <wSt3i die same precision and accuracy. Did: the prisoner omit to keep sufficient (books to conceal the time state off fcis affairs ? if tie did it amounted to fraud. 3tV> «i«ii :tairi»i)pi -were entered in the (Miil dhester books, neither was the money paid by Green for tbe purchase of tie business. Green purchased Hie business lor £150, paying £23 <ca£h. | and four promissory notes off £35 6s each. Now it was admitted <be book ddbts were worth. £300, Uiat Is to say £150 more -than wae paid tot the busi ness as a going concern. Was not the sale of tie business a saspldoos trans action? The jury most also satisfy themsdres whether this .transaction did not otnotmt to band. T. Btick lnnfl and. Oo.( through a -deed of as signment by John Snx^eon-a matter weB-known to the lawyers)-wweeded against Anscott, and entered a peti tion for Arscott'e Insolvency. Very probaMy Arseott resented ibis, as lie had Ijeen dealing -with BncJdand and Co. for a number of years, paying large sums of money to them, and de termined that lie (the accused) would make them smart tor it, and- went round collecting all the money be could. Krtiicii was dope during ite month of Fabroaiy. and a large sunt was col lected, only part of which -mas paid into the bank; where the balance had gone there was nothing in the books to show. As to these transactions the jnrjr would have «o «ay -whether they were those of an honest man or other wise. The accused had stated he had not kept proper books, and no records ot wboni be owed money to or of bis personal and private expenses. Hie majority of persons entered- into (busi ness not to go insolvent, although be bud beard of exceptions, and om*1 business people did not object to bay ing Ares. Tbe jury mast satisfy them selves "whether the accused kept bis accounts improperly for fraud alent purposes, or as a foolish .fellow. If lie did not Intend to conceal bis true state of affairs tbe jury most acquit bim. He submitted the following ques tions Jo the jar? : 1-JWas tfbe defend ant adjudicated an insolvent in March last. Tills bad already been answered in tiie affirmative. 2-Did lie omft to keep proper books off account. - 3-{a) To conceal tiio true state of attains ; <b) for fraudulent intent. IT they ans wered the second question in the nega tive, i0iere was no need for the jury to Answer The tbitd question. The jury, after a retirement of 20 minutes, tetnmfid -with a verdict of not goflty, (The accused .was«ieB«is £haiged, - - aamhwVlrtiMilt Ueondet "Campbell pleaded stilly to embezzling £3 in three sums on tiie 2Cth September last, the money off A. SI. Newman and Co., auctioneers. Mr Xermman esld be had lauym tfl»e; defendant tor some time, be hadbeeii In the employ of Stalls Hopkins and i Co., Townsvflle, wtio gave him a fairly good cJmraeter. In answer to the judge Inspector Dnrtinm said sotblng was known against the jpcteoner. The judge said lie wanted *o be lenient ?wltJi him, bat could not let Aim off under tie First Offiettiters' Act; as prisoner bad pleaded piitty to tforee charges. Still be -was nnwfiling. for him to associate with criminals there by destroying his character for erer. He tronld fine him £10, to be kept !& custody Tmtfl the money was paid, and to -enter Into a bond' of flOU to be of good (behaviour for 112 raontfts. 