Gunnery of Church- Consett (copyright.) — By J. D. Hennessey, author of " An Australian Bush Track," " Wynnum White's "Wickedness," "The Di8-Honorable," &c.; CHAPTER XXIV. (Continued.) But ihe doctor was on the tiptoe of expectation as to what should be Dext. He knew by the pallor of my face, that Gunnery away there in the court-yard of the prison was dying, or dead. His one absorbing thought was, would there be a reunion ? Would the soul come seeking for its other self ? Would it be visible ? What matter my sufferings if he could bat demonstrate a remarkable psychological fact. I saw it all myself, but I think it will be best to describe what followed in bis own words, as be related it to me afterwards. There was no preparatory sound of warning, said the doctor, but be was suddenly conscious of the presence of a third person in Ihe room. He looked into a mirror, and distinctly recognised behind me tho soul form of Mark Gun nery. It had come as he expected. He confessed -to a severe mental shock when the apparition-like figure first ap peared, standing behind me. He moved away nearer to the side of the room on which the mirror was; carefully ob serving every movement of the soul in ' the glass. There was only one living Gunnery now, and the soul had come in search of ' its sister spirit, and yet it seemed to him to stand hesitating. My eyes were closed, and my aged form lay back in the large chair as though insensible. He realised in a moment that it was the aged form which was repugnant to the soni, .and it hesitated so long that he feared a catastrophe, and every moment expected to see my spirit, in some materialised form, emerge from the body and join with the soul form and disappear. He trembled in every nerve l98.t this should occur, and the death penalty should bs paid by two instead of one, hot he dared not turn around, for it seemed to him from what he could see . by the reflection of the ghost in the glass, that it was watching him as much as the patient. . His whole body, be said, broke nut iuto a cold perspiration, so great was his anxiety. Presently In- observed the soul form draw nearer, and bend over the unconscious form in the chair; then it again seemed to hesitate. He was simply terrified now, and almost prayed aloud tbat the end might come one way or the other . quickly. He felt the tension upon bis nerves so grcar. Just then the soul- 1 ' form changed in its appearance, and slowly melted away. It must have been some time after wards when the doctor, who bad sunk exhausted into a chair, came to my . assistance. He found mo sobbing as though in .the greatest grief ; but . he at once ceased to fear for me. I was once again perfectly human, for the soul of the dead Gunnery in the prison had secured reunion with itB spirit in the body known as John Vernon. CHAPTER XXV. the luxury of tears. Mark Gunnery, said the doctor, don't give way too much to your feel ings, man. You will be better now than yon have been if you control yourself a bit. I still' wept, however, although not now in grief, or from the sense of loss or pain ; it seemed to me as though I bad at last found a place for repen tance ; that the hard Btony nature which bad hated like a devil, and h&nnted; De Vere remorselessly to his death, and left a weak woman unfor- given, had at last gone. As the doctor stood over me I still wept, Btrong man as I web, wept foolishly, rioting in the ery luxury of tears. I got up after this, and, assisted by the doctor, lay down upon a couch and presently fell asleep. It was a troubled but dreamless Bleep, and I awoke afterwards refreshed. The paroxysm Dt tears had no doubt done me good. It was the better tbat I had wept, as after long drought tho earth is re freshed and sweetened by the blessing of the rain. I- passed through a period of singu lar mental repose, during the first few- days following the restoration to me of the triple nature. The doctor had carried me away among the mountains, and I was satis fied merely to live. It wa6 the re-mar riage of the soul and spirit, and like other brides and bridegrooms they were spending the honeymoon in an unfa miliar home. The soul — that is the bride — specially felt it so; but both were haply comforted by the thought that the physical structure, in which they diveh, would "not be the body of ihe resurrection. There was still Btrife and storm to folloiv; but those first pays among ihe mountains were days of infinite caim and peace. Spirit -aud soul were satisfied with each other, and that, and the reslfulness of nature were suffi cient. Some such seasons no doubt come to all men, but not with such intensity ; they are the slumber hours of life, when nature readjusts itself and rebuilds the wuvu tissue ceils. As winter rests the earth, and lulls - the activities of vege tation until they lie dormant, and as sleep rejuvenates the body, so was the hushed iuactive lifo of those days to me. A kind of tranquil May-day of soul and spirit: I wanted no com pany ; to speak was at times painful to me; all I desired was to be left to myself — quiet was needed for the spiritual processes, which I felt would soon be perfected, wheu sleep would be followed by an awakening, and winter by the spring. I was lodging with a worthy old couple, dwelling near the verge of one of tho-e splendid prospects which have made the Blue Mountain scenery of New South Wales famous all through Australia. When 1 reflected upon the matter, it surprised me that 1 was left so much alone, but I found out afterwards that it was by the drctor's explicit direction, who, by the way, had now returned again to Sydney. .. ... -- \- I can only marvel at the way in which that master of medical- science forecast my necessities. He knew that what I wanted now was rest, and the tranquillity of nature ; the subtle in fluences of mother earth, when far re moved from tho noisy haunts of men. The moving branches, the tremulous leaf, the chirp of birds, and the hum of insect life ; the far reaching lands cape, and the solemu mountains. If I had no other memory than of that 1 fortnight cf quietness and communion of self with elf, and both with God, it it would have recompensed me for the previous agony, and whatever may yet follow. L'ke two lovers made one in ' marriage, who fully 1-arn for the first I time each other's worth, and' passively enjoy the bliss of undisturbed society, satisfied and happy with the pressure of a hand, or only the nameless subtle influence of presence— when it is that of one who is supremely loved. To be continued. 