A MOUNTAIN STAGE RIDE. Wo had ridden threa hours with a stupid stsge-drirer, ond I was chagrined and disap pointed. I had engaged the front seat two weeks in advance and had expeoted to have a chance to Btudy one of the old-time stagc- driverB on his native-heath ; but, though it was said he had been on the route twenty years, bo simply chewed a quid-of tobacco and could not he induced to tulk. An occasional grunt of assent or dissenb was-tho most he vouchsafed us, and it was with a feeling of relief wo changed stages at Marpby'a and had another drivor. Tho drive from Murphy's to Angel's is ovcr 15 miles of dusty, uninteresting road, aud we had not looked forward to tbo prospect with pleasure ; but our new driver bad an air of bnsinoss and a looseness of tongue that wcro very refreshing after tho mummified silence of the other man, and promised welt for our ontar- tsiument. Then, too, wo saw that we had rnado a mis take about our first drivor ; the scoond man woo of course tbo old stager, with his mnuy thrilling adventures and lmir-brcadtU cscupes, irliilo the first mau was evidently a novice in tho business. Wo took our seals and prepared ourselves for a most interostiog timo. " Hope you'ro all comfortable, ladies?" began our Becond man, in u manner very different from the other gruff bore. " I do like mighty well to havo ladies in tho front soat with mo ; but I'm quite a fav'rite with the ladies, it seems — tboy always want tho front seat." "Ob, I see, you are the old stage-driver," I exclaimed, "and you will tell us soma of your interesting stories. How lovely! What is your name?" " My real name's— no matter. But they all call ho Tennessee up hero. . You see I come from Tennessee, an' I've got tho Southern twang, an' when I . firat come 1 talked a heap 'bout my native State,' an' I bragged some, too, I guess, coming from tlie South, you know, an' tho boys like to josh a fellow. But I've travelled round so much that I'va lost most at my twang— knocked 'bout oonsidorable in my day. Bellow can't holp rubbing on somo polish, you know— 1 expect that's why I'm such a fnv'rlto with tho ladies. It's real funny how the old maids get stuck on mo, an' tbo widders, too," Tennessee chuckled, " By jimminy crioketts ! Bx-cuse me, if I get off a swear-ward new aud again. I don't know which is tho worst, old maids or widders." (I took a sty glanco at my companion, whu was a young and pretty widow who lived in San Francisco.) "I'm writing a hook on my experience with tho women." " Why," said tho little widow,. "I should think you would get married, with so uiany to cbooso from." - ' Well, it does seem that way. You sco, I did try it onct. I'm a widderer— got eons over 20 years old — wouldn't believe it now, would 1 you ? Most people lake mo to bo 'bant 50. I'm by right over 40 ; hut great Jupiter whipstitch ! — ox-cose inc. wo old stagers can't help a little profanity— I shouldn't have any trouble marrying. I most always propose to the women before I got them through." (My pretty com panion began to look alarmed.) "The women like it— particular the widows. Now wo'ro earning to a little down grado. Got on u pretty hoavy lead, so guess we'll tako it easy. Go 'long Ihore, Susc— Nick, you old rack-u- bonesl" We rounded the brow of tho hill, and tbo horses began tho Btecp descent with a gentle trot ; but wit "hi a fen seconds tbeir speed had nooolerated to a bard gallop. Tho old Concord coach rolled from airto to side, and we seemed in danger of upsetting, but our timo had not yet oomo, and wo reached tho lovol road in safety. Tho widow and I were gnziog at Tennessee with admiration. How fcarliras be woe I What splendid driving ! But a timid man on the bank scat was first to recover bis speech. " 1' think you had bettor uso your brake, drivor," he said, in a querulous voice ; " that driving was altogether too fast for a heavy coach." Listen to that old duffer," said Tennessee, satlo voce. "Guess he never seen a hill hoftro.'- Then he raised his voice. " Well, 1 did try," he said calmly, glancing baok. '.Vby, Lord! the brake's gone 1" ho exclaimed. We all looked at the rear wheels in dismay. The brake was gone in tiutli. "Woll, we'll have to go back— lh«.t's plain," said the timid man, " What ! pull up that hill ?" said Tennessee, with disgust j " not if I know myself. Wu'll he ell right. I never had . an accident m my life. Why, last week I had twelvo people on hoard — two women and a kid hu-c in front, an' one of. tbo front wheels rolled right off on this down grado an' rolled a hundred yards down tho rilnd, an' wa just settled down kind of comfortahlo like, ah , I never spilled' a person or broke a screw. Ob, I'll get you through safe, you can rest oasy on that," We were trotting along at a livoly rate, aud I glanced nervously at tlio licnvy axles. I hoped devoutly that the wheels wcro ucoure. Tennessee continued his talk with tho most uonohalaut air, as if brakos and wheels ami things of that kind were of miner consideration, "This house we ore coining to is tho only post- offioo between Murphy's ail' Augel's," ha said. " Nice little woman keops it— mighty sweet on no— plucky, loo, I oan trll you." Wo drew up at the door, and a kindly faced woman uatno out with the mail-hag. Shu gave us a- littlu nod of greeting and retreated modestly into tho doorway. Two or three tow- headed children peered out from behind hor skirts at the stage people. The school- ma'am's going down this morn ing," ssid the postmistress. ' " We're pretty woll loaded," eoid Tennessee. I thought so, too, and wondered whorewosbonld put tho echool-roistrezs. But Tennesson seemed quite to forgot any emergenoy. Ho stnrted tho horses. " Good morning to you, ma'am," ho called to the woman, and wafted a hiss from tho tips of bis flngors— presumably to tho childron, but I thought with intention to show us liow ho managed those things with the ladies. A few rods beyond' we stopped, and a son-burned girl came out. Good- morning," she cnllod, in a fresh, clear voice ; " have you room for mo t " " Oh, yes," answered the obliging Tennessee ; " always room far ono mora. Got any trunks ?' " Yes, two," and she glanced apologotically at two enormous Saratogas which stood just by tho door. Wo wondered where thoy would bo trunks were placed aomewkcro ou tho back, and our driver sprang nimbly into bis seat again. Wo started off on a brisk trot, and Tennessee launched forth in a string of thrilling narrative, <' fjeo that hole over there F" he said. " A friend of mluo dug out throe thousand dollars in ono day thero. Ho wants to sell the miuo now; I'm tbo agent. I tell you that I get more of that sort of thing tbau I can attend to. Why, I mako more than four times my wages just selliug out olaimo. Don't want to buy a claim now, do you ? No ? Woll, hero's something more hltoreotlng than Iiwyonder?8 Thft's where wss hold up lt time -robber didn't get anything, though. I looked about quickly. Wo wcro now in a dusty wilderness of pine and ohaparral. Not a sign of human habitation near. Teniirsi)ee saw my nervous glwiw, " Migh'ly lonesome-looking now, ain't' it P Beo thorn bullet-boles in oiy stage-cover P Them was putiu when-wo woro attacked by six robbers over hero by Joaquin Muriotta'B old home." I felt my blood ran cold. I bad not soon the buliet-holcs beforq. The timid man gave vent to an audiblo " Ah ! " and tbo others preserved an awo-atruck silence. f " Why," continued Tennessee, " I guess every stone au' trco has hid its robber somo lime or otkor 'long here. I'vo had 15 or 20 hold-ups, an' that's nothing compared to some of the old- timors." " Do you think thero Is any danger at this particular time ?" inquired tlio timid man. " Why, that's hard to toll," said Tenncssoo, dubiously, " It was just hero vrhero we bad that last lioid-np two mouths' ago, en' ono of tho posseogors on'- two of the robbers won killed. Tho pnpers never got tho straight of that. You see, it was that hold- up-whioh showod me that the little wlddor postmistress was stuck on me. I was coming along here that day— hsd on a Wolls-Forgo shot-gun messenger and a lot of passengers. Thero was about a hundred thousand dolltrs in bullion undur tho soat. an' tho messenger held a loaded guu in his hand al the time. When we got just 'bout here, couiiug up tho hill I saw tho bushes move right- there, an' I said kinder under my breath, ' robbers 1 ' I whipped out my pistol on' the messongcr aimed bis gun ; but, Lordy, what do you think it was.? Why, the littlu postmistress back thore. We came nigh shooting her. She looked frightened nigh to death, au' was white as a ghost." !" Don't shoot,' sho said, kinder soft like. ' Four men are going to rob the stage, I heard them planning it. vThoy want to stop you before you git to tho top of the grade, but if you luirry, you'll got there first,. an' maybe c»n git away on the down-grade. Good-bye, und bo quick,' and oku gob out of sight in a twinkling. Done that for me, you see Wo never waited to tbnuk licr. That's one. thing I object to in. in theso hero mountains— you've get to sacrifice politeness sometimes, ' ' : " Well, I just gave my horses a cut, an' thoy jumped' forward. That pluoky little woman got oat of sight pretty durnod; quick— had a horae, I guess. Well, we got to tho top of tho hill first, an' by Jupitor suupgrass— ex-euse mo, always use strong latiguago when I git excited ' — right on the other side was four masked men a-corairgit up' the bill sb bard as they could tear. 'J ' Thore was a breathless silonco on tlio stage coach. The horses were pulling up that very hill, and there was a possibility that we would bo held up.-too. Tennessee was getting a quid of tobacco , lip kept us hanging breathless on hie worda until lie -had the morsel well rolled Into his ohcclr. " Tho first > glimpso thoy naught of us, they jumped behind trees au' called Halt ! ' but we were en tho brow of the hill, an' I was prepared. I'd fastaucd the roina "round my waist, an' guided with one hand while 1 used tho other for my six shooter. 'Tho messenger shouted ' Let Inn- go ! ' f It was just hero,: ladies— wo Toft two men stretched out. I killed two robborsan' wounded auotber. The etiooting soared tho boiscs, or .1 think I'd havo finished all four. That dui-ncd mcssqngor— ex-ouse me — was so scared that : lie ehot ouo of my horses. Not usud to the biz. you cso. Of course the horses stampcded—it'i: bid enough to hoar the firiug without being peppered by an unresponsible man who is frightened into unxtwcck. Woll,' tboy atartixl on Uio d«ad run down Iho grade, au' I had to drop my pistol and hang on to tho lines. I tell you, wo buzzed round thorn turns —sometimes two wheels standing off iho grado at onct. . Wlicu we reached thu bottom of the hill down at tho station, tho old boss dropped dead, an' tho peoplo on tbo stage juot come up to ran, n-ciying an' a-thanking me For suving their lives, an' ' took on turrublo. Look ! — at that rook '. " ho ejaculated. We gazed with startled eyes in tho direetiou indicated. "Oh. I guess it's ull right this timo, but I always expect to havo a man stop out from hobind that rooic— finest place to rob a stogo in tlio country. Two uion hold mo up there about 15 years ago, when I first began to drive huro— didn't get anything, thounh. Now wo'ro past. Guess that's it sigh of relief, ain't it P This is a mighty dangerous country 'bout here, but I guess I'll git yuu through, ladies. Don't you fear. If wo gib utteckted. just nit still— keep perfectly eool and oa'ai, au' you probably won't 'git more than two or three scattered shots." Wo were all well frightened by this timo. Tlie little schoolmistress on ths back Best hold her peace, but the rest of us were looking about nervously ond trusting our lives to this wonder ful Tennessee. .Tho pretty widow was no longer haughty aud distant, but at every noise in the hush grasped the arm of- the branny drivor and looked appealingly into his feco. "Now, ladies, when wo start dowu this mountain, wo are ou tho home-slrctoh to Augel's. Just ono mile' more. I always feel glad' when wo pros this knoll. .Joaquiu Muriottii- held me up' right here tho first mouth I ires ou the road. I bad llva miners on hoard, an' they showed fight, an' they got tho worst of it, ton. 1 just hold my horses an' hope cool. Indiscretion is no kind of valour, yon know. Well, Muriel ta strung up every one of thorn five miners to a tree, an' told me to go into Augol's on' say that Tennessee was the only man about with any eense, an' for other people to tako warning. That's tho old tree over there, nil' t here's the topes yot. ' Sco thorn right thore." ' " Oh, do drivo on fast— do drive on !" we all exolnloiod, ahuddcrtngly. " Well, 1 guess we'll have to go on, an' pretty fnst, too. The horses cuu't hold back muoh on this down-grade. If wo turn over, ladies, I guess it will bo on my aide, so juBt bo prepared to swing yourselves out." . Down we started, In a few seconds tho horses warn galloping, and in a few seconds mors thoy were running.' l'ive badly frighteued peoplo hung on in desperation to tho soats, Mid tho pretty widow bung to tho arm of Tonncssce. His fout tvoi-o braced against the dash-board and his body atiffr ncd out ns ho hung on to tho tunnt lines. Bwinging, bumping, pitching, we careered down the long hill and went tearing into thu little inining-oamp of Augel's. Wo drew up with a flourish at the door of tho primitive hotol, antl fairly fell into the arms of Tennessee, who had sprang to tho ground to receive us. Six thankful, admiring peoplo stood in tho there, too, "Why," said the little widow, " I. think I ?f htidubccnfor tam <,r<",dfBl "Yes, indeed," cried number two. "Tho very thought of that bravo man kept mo oalm, and I know if anyone else had been driving, we would have bsea killed surely. What a splendid follow ho is." "Just tho hind of driver I have always heord about." cried number three. " You osn pick him out'From a thousand as a number five. "He's a great, big-hearted, lino follow," said the timid mau, " and>a genuine hero,, too. mistress, who bad been a silent listenor,:." but I think you ore ail mistaken. - Tennessee isn't Uuck ofa hero. Ho', only bSSn in&tote; twotreeks, and to'jadgsbyhis'dHving honefsi sawastagebafore — and — well — the poatmistrosi is engogodito the shot-gun messenger, and oh those robbery stories ho told you-happened t< Fred- Green, who drove you.dowoto Murphy's this moraiog. Evidently Tennessee thought something was expeoted of him,, and .proved himself equal to tho occasion." y 