SPORTIN . THE TURF.. Tna A J.0. meeting at Randwick on Satur day was very suecessful. Lord Hamoden was present, and had as companions Lord Richard Neville, Captain Walliogton, Cap tain Sloano-Stanley, Mr. Gathorne Hardy, and Captain Egerton. The Messrs. White's mare Llena made a bold bid for victory in the Hurdle Bate, but she had the misfortune to strike the last hurdle, which orippled her chance of over taking Leslie, who eventually won with a bit in hand. The Newcastle-owned horse Namo fell, but the rider escaped uninjured. There were only half a dozen starters in the Autumn Stakes, for which Valiant and Delaware were sent out equal favourites at 3 to 1. The race was a good one, and Mr. Halls horse just boar Monaghan's colt by a head. The Harvester and Ohesterman were the last to finish. Toreador ran very gamely, and his admirers like his chance of annexing the Sydney Cup to-day. Futile was sent out favourite for the Two year-old Maiden Stakes, and the Carbine colt proved equal to tie task of winning, although itwas only after a great fintsh with Snap shot. A field' of 21 saddled up for the Doneaster, and the winner turned up in Courallie, by Gemmi-di-Vergi. Albecore started favourite at 6 to 1. whilst a point longer could be ob tained about Response and Patrons. The Newcastle candidate, True Blue, was heavily backed, and he ran very well,.although the son of Htobhciss, or in fact any of the field, had not a ghost' of a chance of beating Conrallie. Patrona, although heavily backed, ran die appointingly, for she cried a go before half the distance had been negotiated. Those who witnessed the race were pleased with the performance of Albeoore. She was the first into the straight, but when chal leoned by Courallie she soon fell back in the rear. Dan O'Brien's luck seems to be dead out. Response was mentioned as the absolute winner, but the daughter of Richmond-Bla Bia had to cry satisfied with third position. The Motto Farm pair, The Hermit and Mundiva were the last to finish. Their starting price was 33 to 1. Kallatina was another who made a very creditable show. 'She came very fast oaf the outside, but could not pace it with Courallie and True Blue when it came to a struggle. Wallace did not win the it. Leger with the ease it was expected he would. PEnters laid 5 to 2 on him, and Cabin Boy had a declded lead coming round the bhome turn, and he seemed to have an odds on chance of win ning, but the big son of Oarbine came just at the right enomont and succeeded in wearing Cabin Boy down,'a length separating them at the finish. Punters voted Little Agnes good goods for the High.weight Handicap, and such she proved to be. She went out at 2 to 1, acd heat Attachment easily by a length, Whaka watea finishing third position. Thb brothers Delaney had the mounts on the first, second, and third horses in the Doncaster. Such a coincidence has never before been heard of in the colonies, especially in a race where such skilful horsemanship was called' into requisition. The principal event at the Queensland Turf Club's meeting on Saturday was won by Irish Stew, Enigma filling the second posi tion. At the Caulfiold. Faster meeting Tinstream won the principal hacudcap. There was a very fair field, and betting was unusually brisk. , ' •? At Brisbeane on Saturday the veteran knight of the pigskin "Bricky " Colley won the first race on May. The race meotlg at Wallsend to.day pro mises to attract a very large attendance. Although the entries are Sot large, it is an ticipated that there will be some good-raelng. Courallio was very fairly backed in New castle. One man, a labourer, took £50 to £3 on the strength of ci tip sent by a Sydney friend who, three' weeks 'ago,.' wrote saying that the Doneaster walfl a good thing either for Courallio or R6espons'e. Not a bad tlp-a first and third. • At Newcastle Taft's on Saturday night Wallaeo was in good demand for the Sydney Cup, to bo run to.day.' Carbino'shmandsome son was backed to win a fair sum at 4 to 1, and his closing price was 7 to 2. Delaware and Toreador were also nibbled at. Those who freauent the Newcastle race course maintained" all last week that True Blue was not forward enough to win a race like the Donenster, but his running on Satur day showed that the Newcastle touts scarcely know whet they were talking about when thoveasld that the big colt was not well. The up.country jumper Raillery has run her last race. On Saturday at Randwlek she broke her leg in the First Hurdle Race, and had to be destroyed. ' At Sydney Tatter3sall'e on Saturday night there was some spirited betting over the Sydney Cup. Aomena was backed for 1000 at 100 to 13, Malachite for 600 at 100 to 4, Response for 2000 at 100 to 5 and 5, Fort for 2000 at 100 to 6 and 6, Leonidas for 1000 at 100 to 3, Toreador for 1000 at 100 to 14. The Sydney handicapper, Mr. H. A. Thompson, has certainly .proved himnself .to be at soa with regard to the eapabllities of the New Zealand.owncd pair, Fishmonger acd Ladybird (says the Canterbury Times, N.Z.) when he required the former to concede the latter n stone in a. hurdle race. If the rutpoats were reversed it would be more cor reet; in feet, it ise doubtful If that would bring them together. 