For the People. A BIG BOON TO COUNTRY RESI DENTS. (By John Haynhs, M.P.) It is not a very difficult .thing to provo that t'no Land Tax is a big boon to coun try people, farmers, squatters, and busi ness men. In point of fact, the passing of this measure of direct taxation was the first signal victory of the country districts over tho rich metropolis of Sydney, which for years has ruled tho political roost in New South Wales. In dealing with the matter, on the platform, I have always, in the very first place, nsked any of the op ponents of land tax to explain why land in the country districts is, after all the years of toil and labour upon it, worth only about £1 per acre, while land in the city, without any toil or expenditure on tho part of the lucky owner, was worth up to £2,000 per foot. (In somo parts of Georgo-street £3,000 per foot would be refused). I have nevor been answered adversely, for there was only one explanation, namely, that tho vast values of Sydney city property were given by public expenditures of the peoples' money ; that, as tho expenditure of the public money was centred in Syd ney, all tho lucky old owners of property bad to do was to sit down and let the needs of the community rush the values. Recently some heirs of an old family sold a portion of their estate in Sydney at the rate of £1,200,000 per acre (nearly one and a quarter million pounds per acre), and thero are scores of instances where the lucky owners draw vit-tho rate of £53. per foot rental per year, on 21 year leases with tho covenant that the occupier must build at his own expense. Let any one consider the reserve picture of tho inland farmer or land owner. He goes on slav ing, and when his hair is grey and his back doubled from toil, ho finds his land of the same value as when ho started. All the time, under the old system of freetrade and protection, he has been paying taxes to make up the annual revenue and pay interest on loans expended for the most part to enricli the city's man land. To balance all this, the liberal politician 1ms fought to bring about a direct tax on land values. Thus the farmer gets back the money screwed out of him by the powers in Sydney—for a universal land tax means that a man in the country districts pays one penny in the £ on land worth, apart from improvements, only £1 per acre, while the city land monopolist is forced to pay a penny in the £ on land worth up to £3000 per foot. The coun try districts made Sydney; now a land tax forces the city to make the country. I find that one man alone in Sydney, a typical land monopolist, will pay as much to the revenue as ' an entire country dis trict. This man previously went scot free, while his fortune was every day in creased. THE LAND MILLIONAIRE AND IIIS SCOUTS. People reading and reflecting on tho abovo facts will immediately understand why the liberals in the Sydney Parliament have fought so vehemently for a land tax, and they will also quickly see why- cer tain politicians (in league with the rich land monopolist) are scouring the country, uttering dire lamentations over the fate of tho " poor farmer" under land tax. These gentry nevor say a word as to how tho land tax has put tho rich city mail on the grill. No; that fact is kept in tho dark. They strive to alarm the farmer, or the country landowner; they shriek for him, they shake for him, and fight for him, but it is the big man of the city or tho rich holders of uncultivated lands on our river and railway frontages who all . tho time find the needful for the scheming. The tax is operating in the country as in tho city. Where splendid lands on our rivers and railroads, as on Sydney streets, have been held for rising values, the land tax compels them to look around for buyers or tenants. No longer are the tenants in search of landlords. The landlords are in. search of tenants, and the public for the first time are put in the way of getting good land n^av the water, rail, or market, at a fair figure. Soon, when a man goes to a country town, he will not need tho services of a black-tracker to find tho farmer's home. No; it will be near train, town, water, or market. But, abovo all, tho Metropolis of Sydney will pay hundreds of thousands to the general revenue for road making and bridge building inland. All this work is embraced in the policy of decentralization —that policy which I put before the people first at Mudgee in 1SS7, and evor since kept to the front until, in last ses sion of Parliament, we scored for it a great and lasting victory. r&'rs™* OIIOST TIIAT STARTLED TIXB CrT " FARMER. Splendid old ghost that has long done duty for the rich monopolist is startling the farmer is the ghost of freetrade. And now when the " poor farmer" is being plundered (as they say), by a land tax, the famous ghost lias been whitewashed and trotted out again. Say tho scouts of the big man —"You've gono and taxed our lands, and now you've taken off the duties and let in tho foreigner to compete with us," their object being, of course, to get tho farmer to vote down land tax and vote up protectionist taxes. But tho fact is, our farmers are kept in beggary so long as they are prevented from trading with the world, nnd trading between nations is done only by exchange of goods. If wo shut out goods from abroad, thero is a corresponding decline in tho purehaso of our goods or products. Thero is no such thing as sending monoy of the county, ex cept, of course, where excessive protection prevents exchange and exportation. For instance, in N.S.W. twenty years ago, we had about eight millions of money coined for the use of the people, but though wo have imported millions' worth o£ goods, and sold millions' worth sinco then, there is only about tho Mine amount of money in tho country. No moro is re quited. Now and again some thousands of sovereigns aro sent out from Sydnev to London, hut most of it is Queensland gold minted at Sydney, and the balance, a few thousand, goes to squaro up trans actions between us nnd the outside world, nnd which transactions amount to many millions sterling. Wo all remember the old ghost's cry, " Let us have protection and keep the money in tho country." There never wus any money going out of the country. It was only school-boy tnlk. The only country which has hnd to Bend money out heavily to balance » badly top sided trade is protectionist Victoria, and a few particulars on the point will be given in next week's letter. 