Every Tommy Das His Tabby. If a eat doth meet a cat Upon a garden wall, And if a eat •loth greet a eat, Oh. why need they both njuall? livery Tommy has his Tabby Waiting 011 the wall. And yet he welcomes her approach By an unearthly yawl! And if a kitten wish to court Upon the garden wall. Why don't he sit and sweetly smile, And not stand up and bawl 'i And lift his precious baek tip high, And show his teeth and niuau, As if 'twere polio more than love. THE man with crow's feet about his eyes probably has sufficient caws. ALMOST any man knows more than his father until he is forty years old. Then he drops into the ranks of the ignorant, and begins to take lessons. " I LOVED you once," he said, iu a reproachful tone. "Well," she responded, "I don't want the earth. Once is enough.'' KELLIE : " What's your favourite instrument, Daisy r' Daisy : " The mandolin." Nellie: " Of course you prefer anything that has a man about it." ISAAC : " Kepecea, led's get married ride avay quick." Rebaeca: "What for you in such hurry, I key r' Isaac : " Der sooner ve marries der sooner come dot golden wedding, ain't itr" HER JUSTIFICATION". " At whom arc you grinning, my pretty maid:"' " Atehoo I atehoo ' kind sir.'" she said. "I think, sweet lass, you're very bold." " 1 had to sneeze, sir—I've got a cold." FRIEND (after tea}: •• Your little wife is A brilliantly- handsome. woman. 1 shotiid think you would be jealous of her." Ohio Man /confidently) : To tell the truth .Simpkius. I atu. ] WITT invite anybody here that any sane woman woidd take a fancy to." IT 15 IN ii 11; -ruirnE. Hunker : Hello. IJickotts, when is your marriage lo Miss M111111 coming oil:-" Kicketts : " It has been indefinitely postponed." " What's the trouble?" " Oh. she married another fi ilow "Do you take any periodicals r" asked a young minister 011 his first visit tu one of his parishioners. "Oh, no, sir," replied tlT.'i good woman. " I never do, but I'm sorry to say that iny husband fakes a periodical about once in every two months. 1 ivi-h you could induce him to sign the pledge. 1 ' A CTOEY is told of a shrewish Seoteliwoman who tried to wean her husband .from the drain-shop by employing lier brother to the part of a ghost and "frighten J..Jm on his way home. "Who are your-" asked tiie farmer, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I am Auld Kick," was the repir. "Arc you really r" exclaimed tLe old reprobate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. "M011. cpme awa. Gie's a shako o* your hand ; I'm married to a fcister o' ours." 