REAL "HAUNTED HOUSE." WHO WILL CATCH THESE GHOSTS ? Over the signature "Bruggeling" an Anglo Indian officer sends to the London Standard a remarkable narrative of his difficulties at a country house, to which he gives the avowedly fictitious name of "Silverton Abbey." This is a very slight condensation of his story :— Some time ago I left India on furlough, and, being near the end of my service, looked out for a house that should be our home for a few years. After four months' vain search I was told of Silverton Abbey. I found the house in most respects what I wanted, but the gardens were a scene of utter desolation. The house had been empty for four years. No one said a word about about the house being haunted. My landlord, who had been frightened out of the house, was silent on this point. The first thing that we' noticed was that ser vants fought shy of us. No sooner was Silver ton Abbey mentioned than the servant broke off negotiations. In some way we struggled on short-handed. Still no one said anything about ghosts. Summer turned into autumn, when one evening a violent rattling at one of the windows sent off the parlormaid, a girl from the village, into hysterics. I ran outside; but found no one. After being comforted by a glass of port the girl sobbed out that it was well known that Mr. walked. She told a long story, which was afterwards corroborated, of past events connected .with Silverton Abbey. It was not a pleasant story, and as ib affects persons still living I will give no details. Other people confirmed this story, and ib turned out that the house was widely known as being haunted. As ■winter drew on and the nights began to lengthen strange noises began to be heard. Night after night have I gone over the house with' a lamp in one hand and a loaded revolver in the other, but never did I find any one about. Furniture had never been disturbed, though I could have sworn it was being moved. No living being hadbeemin the places from which footsteps had been heard. The governess used to com plain of a tall lady, with black heavy eyebrows, who used to com.6 as if to' strangle her as she lay in bed. She also described some footsteps, which had passed along the corridor past her door of someone, apparently; by • his or her actions, intoxicated. But, in fact, no one had left their rooms, and no one had been intoxi cated. One night we had driven into the town to a concert.- It was nearly midnight when we re turned. Our old Scotch housekeeper, who admitted us, a woman of iron nerves, was trembling with terror. Shortly before our arrival a horrible shriek had rung through the house. To all-questions she only replied, " Ib was nothing earthly." The nurse, who was awake with a child with whooping-cough, heard the cry, and says it was simply horrible. It was, she says, in the lower corridor. Now there was no ono in the lower corridor. One night, lying awake, I distinctly saw the handle of my" bedroom door turned and the door pushed open. ' 1 seized-my* revolver and ran to the door. The lamp in the long cor ridor was burning brightly, no one was there, and no one could have got away. We had be come much attached to the neighborhood. We decided to spend our winters on the Continent and the summers as Silverton Abbey. We had children to educate. Our idea turned out to' be an impossible one. We decided to let the house. I put the matter in the hands of local agents, but failed to let ' it furnished. Now I have received an offer of £100 for the two and a quarter years remaining of my lease; £100 to be paid for two and a quarter years occupation of a house with 16 bedrooms, large reception- rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, and 14 acres of pasture, which pasture lets for about £22 a year ! Taking away the pasture, the house and garden appear, there fore, to be worth no more than £18 a year. In conclusion, "Bruggeling*" asseverates that there is nothing whatever against the house but ghosts, which, he continues, are not rats, not draughts, not screech-owls, and enquires if he ought not to have a remedy, against the landlord even though, as his lawyer tells him, the English law does not recognise ghosts. 