HOSH MONEY. BY JEAN MIDDLEMASS, CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) "And you have no reason to believe tbat any sums have been levied from him in the "way of blackmail— no hush money has been given for Bilence on tho subject of that unfortunate chcquo?" "I have no reason to believe that anything of tho sort has ever occurred. And Dccocq made the statement with absolute assurance, while he met unblushingly the gaze of his former chief, who looked straight at him with a stare of something like surprised hor ror that such an unmitigated liar could possibly exist. After a second he recovered himself, and ask- ed — "And tho daughter— Is still under the care of your sister?" "No, indeed. Mademolsello Lucille has been most cruelly treated, after being led to expect well, for hor sake, I will not say how much she has been led to expect — the child has been taken to England to live with this new mamma. But If monsieur knows nothing of this demoiselle, there are those of his family who are not un acquainted with her." Mr. tVallls winced, but he answered quietly. "I fancy my brother and his family have late ly made acquaintance with the Boldersons." Decocq laughed, but tho ehlef's tone was so freezing that he did not seem inclined to pursue the subject. He had always been a little bit afraid of the "patron," and, moreover, was not thoroughly sure of his ground. This cross- examination which he had undergone was not altogether pleasant, and though Mr. Wallis ap peared to give absolute credence to his asser tion that he knew nothing of any demands for hush money, which had been made of Stephen Bolderson, in connection with that unfortunate cheque, yet that it should have been thought necessary to put any questions annoyed him and made him somewhat anxious as to the reason. That Mr. Bolderson should have a mauvals quart d'heure about the matter he felt resolved, and consol'ed himself with the thought that, after all, it might serve as the means to get a little farther supply of money out of the man whom it was his pleasure to persecute. At this period of the conversation there was a ring at. the visitor's bell. Probably Mr. Bolder- son had arrived rather earlier than he was ex pected. For a second Mr. Wallis had some idea of bringing tho two men face to face, then ho considered that perhaps this would not exactly be keeping bis word with the police, as the out come of the interview must be that he knew Decocq to be a villian ot the blackest dye; thus be considered that the safest and wisest plan was to get rid of him beforo Mr, Bolderson ap peared on the scene. He knew that his factotum Jules would not Bhow anyone into the study while he was en gaged with Decocq, though he would perhaps come in himself with a card or message, He sincerely hoped that he would not announce that Mr. Bolderson was in the library. The door opened, and Jules entered. Mr. Wal lis was about to frown him into silence, a hint which Jules, being a well-trained servant, would not have failed to take, but he merely presented a note, which proved to have nothing to do with the case in point, and then retired, wondering himself as he did so what Monsieur could have to do with that vauricn Decocq, for whom Jules had a righteous aversion. This little interruption over, Mr. Wallis deter mined to get rid of the man lest the noxt ring at the bell should bring Stephen Bolderson on the scene. "Well," he said, "I do not think, Decocq, that wo have anything farther to say for the present, as you assure me you know nothing ot this unpleasant business, and think that Mr. Bolderson has in reality never been tormented at all." "I assure you, Monsieur, that the whole thing must be a fabrication. I ask you how could I make use of a cheque which you have in your possession. You will acknowledge, Monsieur, will you not, that you have the cheque?" "Precisely, it is in this drawer," and Mr. Wal lis touched the table, as he rose in order to show Decocq that the interview was at an end. "In that drawer is it," thought the villain. "Then it is not burnt, as I almost feared; it will be tunny If some day I do not succeed in getting it out of that drawer." But aloud all he said was — "If Monsieur requires my services in any mat ter connected with Mr. Bolderson, he knows whore to find me." Mr. Wallis flushed crimson; there was no mis taking Decocq's meaning. It had reference to his son's, penchant for the daughter of his old friend. "Is It impossible to touch pitch without being defiled?" he thought. "Did this man imagine that -he had fallen so low as to use base and blackguardly means to free himself from an im pending evil, and that for that reason he had summoned him to the Rue Madagascar?" He must get rid of him at onco, and on no condition allow him to meet Bolderson, who might at any moment arrive. To obviate all chance of this meeting, he would send Decocq away by the garden gate. It was not the first time, as clerk, ho had passed out that way, so he would not think the exit an unusual one. "Good day, Decocq, good day, and thank you for 'coming," he said. "If at any time I want to know anything farther I will send for you. I will let you out through the garden; it is shor ter, and I am going to smoke a cigarette out- Bide." Truly, it seemed as if Julian Wallis was learning to become a plotter. He lighted the cigarette, and stood beside tho gate, as Decocq, having lifted his hat to his ex- chief, walked away in the direction of the Rue de Courcolles. By this time, though not exactly dark, the gloom of twilight was shadowing the surround ing objects. Dc-cocq had not walked many paces from the gate where he had left Mr. Wallis quietly smoking his cigarette beforo ho started in surprise; a figure passed him, striding along at a brisk pace. "Stephen Bolderson, if ever I saw him. in the flesh," he muttered. Then he turned, and himself concealed by the trunk of a tree, saw him join Mr. Wallis at the gate, and the "two forthwith proceed together into the house. For almost the first time in his life, Julian Wallis had sought to practice one of those small deceptions that plotters love — but in vain. "Bolderson shall pay mo for this," was the ex- clerk's resolution as he wandered slowly on until he reached tho Boulevard Ilaussmann, where he got on to the imperial of an omnibus, which was going down into tho heart of tho city. The threat, coming from such a man as I)e- cocq, would scarcely have inspired Mr. Bolderson with confidence and pleasure had he hoard it, yet, as far as those two men were concerned, it was to Decocq that the passing of Stephen Bolderson into tho house in the Rue Madagascar, brought by far the greatest share ot evil. CHAPTER XXI— A TRYING ORDEAL. It was an ideal day — one of those days when only to be permitted to live is a Joy. And no one was more susceptible to atmospheric influ ence than Rachael, but tho beauty of the wea ther on this special occasion had no charm for her. Notwithstanding the sunshine, it seemed as if a heavy cloud hung over the Willow Marsh, enveloping it in a sombre mantle of dejection and despair. She could not shake off the sense of depression which rendered her even more miserable from tho fact that It was produced by no apparent cause. Beyond a postcard to say that he had arrived safely, she had not had a line from her hus band since he had left home, nor had she any idea when he would return; thus she knew no thing of the troublous sea on which Stephen Bolderson was tempest-driven, and that it was very doubtful if ho would ever arrive safely in port. It was enough to make her unhappy and pre occupied that he should be absent; still, mere ab sence could scarcely account for the gloom that hung over her, and, being a practical woman, sho strove not to allow herself to believe in presentiments. It was not altogether agreeable to her to bavo Lucille Lafarge as an inmate of her home, or to see her on terms of intimato affection with the stepdaughter whose love she had tried so hard to win, for she knew full well that It was to Mademoiselle Lucille's interest to undermine her influence, and that she was doing so in every possible way. Uphill work, however, had no special terrors for Rachael, and she would have faced this difficulty plucklly, especially since Ursula was certainly more genial Elnce her friend had arrived — if it had not been for that Undefined something that hung over her, nnd from which, do what she would, sho could uot shake herself free. It was tho day on which Greg was coming to dine. Several times during the day she felt in clined to dispatch a messenger, and put him off, not feeling equal to the civil amenities which the entertaining of a guest would entail on her. But she decided that, perhaps, it was as well that Greg was coming, since it would help her through an evening with Lucille Lafarge, though from Greg's manner during tho few minutes he had been in Mademoiselle Lafargc's company on her first arrival, Rachel rather doubted how they would got on together. Altogether tho charming little mistress of the Willom Marsh was troubled. Tho more terrible trouble which was advancing towards her in tho future seemed as if It was casting its shadow be fore. During the entire day she was more or less alone, for Lucille and Ursula were either out or closeted together in Ursula's room, into which Rachel, doubting her welcome, did not care to penetrate. By the time it was evening she felt thankful that Greg was coming, and that she had ; not been induced to put him off, for her nerves had so overmastered her that she felt like someone who has been forced into a term of silence and solitude, and longs for a friendly, sympathetic voice. Greg was very sympathetic to Rachel Bolder- son. partly on account of his artistic proclivities, which reminded her of the old happy days of her first married life. Partly because, true, loyal woman, tbat sbo herself was, she did not fail to recognise that he wub a true, honorable man, notwithstanding that his inner nature .was some- what veiled by the little eccentricities and pro fessional vagaries that he permitted to himself. Rachel was looking out of her bedroom win-: dow when she saw Greg coming along across the grass that bridged the moat in front ot the house, and her spirits seemed to revive as she beheld him. "Yes if ever she wanted help or advice, Greg would help her; of that she felt very sure; yet, why should she want help when Stephen Bolder- son was her husband?" These were the thoughts that passed through her brain as she went down to the drawing- room. Nevertheless, she greeted Greg with a warmth that compensated him in a great mea sure for the annoyance he felt at being com pelled to sit down at tho same table on friendly terms witb such a woman as Lucille Lafarge. Ursula and Mademoiselle Lucille did not como into the room until the first gush and pleasure of tho mooting with Mrs. Bolderson were over, and, beyond a stiff bow in recognition of having been previously introduced in the Willow Marsh drawing-room, there was no sign between Greg and Lucille, though, of course, he shook hands with Ursula. Dinner was soon after announced, and the parti carro seemed destined to be cut up into tete-a- tetes, for Greg, though a perfect French scholar, talked English with insular persistency, as though lie were a bona-fide John Bull, having discovered to his infinite satisfaction that Lu cille had by no means attained her brother's proficiency in the English language, and, in fact, except in a very halting manner, she could speak no English at all. His conversation then was chiefly addressed to his hostess, and they became so interested in art subjects— of which tho other two knew nothing — that they seemed to forget the amenities, and left Ursula and Mademoiselle to chatter French, or remain si lent as they pleased. They chose' the former, and if tho little dinner could scarcely be quoted as an "entente cordiale," at all events it was by no means a silent function. An observant person could hot have failed to notice the dark fury that occasionally raged in Lucille's eyes as tliey wore every now and again directed towards Greg. She know full well that he could if he chose speak her language as well as sho did herself, and his present assumption of ignorance was most irritating. . "If she did not mahAge to bring him- down somewhat from his altitude it would bo funny," 3be thought, as sho tried to make plans for vengeance even while sho was babbling with hor old pupil about nothing. Once Greg Inter cepted this flash, and gave it back to her with ono that was little less angry or scornful than her own, but which did not fail to romlnd her that it she would have him remain silent, she must not herself become aggressive. In fact, there was little doubt that war to the knife was raging beneath the calm exterior of these seemingly perfect strangers; and of the effect its issue would produce on those among whom they dwelt it would not be easy to augur, supposing that they were able to direct Its course. Events, however, were hastening in a direction of which none of the four sitting in apparent unccnccrn at that table had the slightest idea, and in which, nevertheless, it were difficult to decide which was the most concerned. Every one had done ample justice to Mrs. Cubitt's excellent cooking, even Lucille averring that "les Anglais savent bien manger," and the dainty parlormaid had just taken in the coffee, which was of perfect aroma and served in dainty cups of eggshell porcelain of old- fashioned and exquisite design, when a startled expression came into Rachel's face. Quick ot hearing, as aro most people with active brains, long before any of hor -three com panions were aware of it sho detected the sound of wheels coming along the private lane. which ended at tho gate of the. Willow Marsh. "Who could it be at tbat hour? Neither carts nor carriages as a rule came so late; besides, tho carts invariably went up a by-road at the back of the house. Could it be Stephen?" I-ler rapid thoughts had reached this query when Greg and .Ursula simultaneously explaimed: "Wheels!" ... Another moment and the vehicle stopped, but listen though they did, no further sound was heard. It was Rachel who said, With a laugh; "How silly we are. It must be an echo, pro bably occasioned by the wind. Living in the country makes us actually believe in bogeys. In London wheels might roll for ever, and we should never pay the slightest attention. Ah! — " Tho outer door opened and then went to with something like a slam. All the color forsook Rachel's face. Greg jumped up with tho intention of going to see what had happened, when Stephen Bolderson walked into the room— or was it his ghost, for he looked so wan and weary and jaded that it were scarcely possible to believe that he was a real living man. 1-Ie had evidently expected to find no one in the room but his wife and daughter, and an appalled, half-scared look came over his face when he re cognised their guests. Of Greg Paton he knew very little, having only met him onco or twice. It was probably on ac count of his relationship with the Wailises that his presence was distasteful to Mr. Bolderson; while, as far as Lucille Lafarge was concerned he absolutely pushed her away from him when, she came forward with some empressement to greet him. It was evident either that he was ill or that something had happened which troubled him uot a little. Rachel, with wonderful tact and self- control, pretended not to notice what nevertheless was affecting her most keenly. "You have had no dinner, Stephen. Margaret, tell Mrs. Cubitt to send up something nice and hot for your master. We will go Into the draw ingroom while you eat it. Do you mind coming, Mr. Paton, I think my husband is tired?" And so saying she marshalled the little party into the adjoining room. Greg suggested that perhaps it were better for him to say good-night, but she would not hear of it. "Ho must stay, at all events, until sho had seen Mr. Bolderson have his dinner. He had never heard Ursula play, and sho was quite a profi cient." Little did she know how well Greg remembered Ursula's playing, nnd how much rather ho would be ten miles away than left alone in a room with Ursula and Lucille Lafarge. But he could not argue the point with her for she was gone, and it would be rude to leave with out saying good-night to his hostess, so he was perforce compelled to make himself as agreeable as circumstances would permit. Nor was the ordeal as severe as might have been expected. Now that they were no longer under Rachel's eye, Ursula made herself most pleasant and charming to Greg, oven venturing while he stood by her at the piano to inquiro whether ho had lately had any news from Alan. But Greg had nothing to tell her save that he believed that his cousin had gone to America on some business connected with the bank, which piece of information had tho effect of making Ursula piay several wrong cnorcis, tnus jarring in more ways than ono on Greg's nervous organi sation, but sho succeeded speedily in righting her feelings and the music; and no more was said about Alan, from whom Ursula had been wonder ing why sho had not received a single line. For Ursula's bringing up had been in such a school that it never occurred to her that either her father's or Mr. "Wallis's objection to their union was any reason why they should give up all idea of it. "If they could not meet and correspond openly, then they must do so surreptitiously. This was only fair in a thwarted lovo affair; "such was Lu cille Lafarge's teaching. Not that she had given forth any of her views to Greg; she accepted his tacit declaration tnat ne could not speak French, and taking a book from the table she sat down at some distance from the piano and appeared to be reading. That she was not doing so was evident from no page being turned over during at least a quarter of an hour, while sho remained absolutely pas sive. Mademoiselle Lucille was pondering over the situation. Sho was considerably nggrioved by Stephen Bolderaon's manner, and began to think that botween bis coldness and her unexpected meeting with Greg Paton', it had been better, per haps if she had stayed In Paris. Not that she bad on that account any idea of forthwith returning there. Sho was far too persistent and malicious to beat a retreat if aught of evil could be. worked against those who were inclined to thwart and annoy her. After a talk with Stephen Bolderson, which she promised herself she would have in the morning, she would know better how matters stood, and why storm seemed to prevail in a quarter where she was accustomed to find calm. For some time this state of affairs continued, Ursula playing and talking to Greg by turns, as though she wero seeking by an effort to keep him amused, which, in truth, sho was, for she was as anxious as Rachel could possibly bo to know what had happened to make her father look so strange; while this,, tho latest news of Alan that Greg had given her, had by no means added to the quietude of hor mind. Presently Rachel returned, not bright and cheerful, and full of gay talk, as alio had been while chatting with Greg during dinner. Even she, woman of the world though sho was, could not wholly succeed in suppressing her omotions and concealing that tliore was something in the return of her husband whicii gave her no little causo for worry. Sho did not, however. In any way allude cither to the arrival of Stephon Bolderson or to tho news that ho had brought. Sho simply performed hor duties as hostess by saying a few pleasant words about nothing in particular to Lucille, who looked up from her book with a start when sho saw Mrs. Boldersou standing beside hor, as though she had been so much engrossed by its pages that she had taken no hoed of what, was going on around. Nor had she been doing so; but tho book bad little to do with her mental distraction, though its contents would probably have been far more edifying than her own bad dreams. Rachel Bolderson was, however, too much absorbed by her own feelings to take notice that there was anything especially strange about Mademoiselle Lucille. Having said the few civil words that she considered were due to her, she went up to the piano with tho inton- | tlon of being equally polite to Greg. But he, though rendered somewhat ill at ease by the storm in the air by which he, too, could not fall to be influenced, nevertheless was suffi ciently master of his perceptions to seo at once such a change on Rachel's sweet face as no more passing unpleasantness could have produced, .(To be continued.). 