DEATH OF MR. JOHN F. BYRNE. The many friends of Mr. John F. Byrne, will hear with regret of his death in bright and hopeful man- hood, which took place at his residence, "Hiron- delle," Young, on the 24th ultimo, at the early age ot 20 years. Mr. John F. Byrne, the eldest son of Mr. Sub-Inspector Byrne, of Young, was born at Bombala in the Monara district, and when about six years of age he went to Bourke, New South Wales, where his father had been placed in charge of that important district. At sixteen he entered the Ecclesiastical College at Manly, and with dili- gence and attention he applied himself to his studies, and earned the friendship and esteem of the Professors, as well as his fellow- students. About two years ago the signs of pulmonary disease began to appear, and he returned to his home at Cowra. With unremitting care and patient affection his loving father and mother tended him, and every means which medical skill could suggest were used. The disease grew more incurable every day, until the doctors declared that there was little hope of recovery. Thinking that a milder climate was better suited to the health of his son, Mr. Sub- Inspector Byrne, some three months ago, gave up his own wishes and desires in view of the benefits likely to be derived by his beloved son, and applied for a removal from Manaro to Young. His request was acceded to by the Inspector-General. For a short time Mr. John Byrne appeared to benefit by the change, but five weeks ago he was again stricken down, and it was too apparent to his many friends that the disease had taken a deadly hold on him. The sufferer was perfectly resigned. On Friday, the 24th ultimo, after receiving the last Sacrament and the consoling rites of religion at the hands of the Rev. Fathers McGrath and Campbell, and in the full and perfect possession of his senses up to the very last moment, he died in the odour of sanctity. The deceased, by his gentle manners and kindly disposition, made himself a general favourite. I may mention that in addition to his father and mother, the deceased leaves one brother (Charles), a student at Riverview College, and two sisters — one of whom is a nun belonging to the Dominican Order, West Maitland — to mourn their loss. — -R.I.P. Dr. Aubrey Crawley, M.B., Ch.M. (a St, John's College student), has been appointed to Newcastle Hospital, vice Dr. Horsfall resigned. The Rev. Fr. Carey (Order of the Holy Ghost) of St. Mary's Cathedral, will preach a charity ser mon in St. Francis' Church, Haymarket, next Sun day, in aid of the funds of the St. Vicent de Paul Society. It is with regret that we have to record the death of Mrs. M. J. Moran, wife of Mr. M. J. Moran, Public School teacher, Sunny Corner. Mrs. Moran suffered a severe illness of three months' duration. She was attended most assiduously by the good Sisters of the Convent and Fr. Flanagan, of Bathurst, and died a peaceful death, fortified by the rites of the Church, at the early age of 36 years. The remains were conveyed to the church on Satur day afternoon, where the short Office and Absolu tion were read by Father Flanagan, the Dead March being played by Miss Carr (harmonium), Mr. J. Walsh (violin), and Mr. R. Llewellyn (cello). The funeral was the largest ever seen in the district, the principal mourners being Mr. M. J. Moran, Messrs. J. B. and G. A. Tooher (brothers), and Mrs. Fitz Garald and Mrs. Stanley, sisters of the deceased lady. General regret and sympathy is expressed with Mr. Moran in his very sad bereavement. 