CRICKET. NOTES ON SATURDAY'S PENNANT MATCHES. BY OBSERVER. The game between North Melbourne and South Melbourne looks like being a good one, and the winning of it depends on what the weather may be this week. When play was continued on Satur- day South Melbourne were 59 behind on the first Innings, intl had lost one »»itUt for 1 in their see omi innings They luid almost »»Iped off the I ilanee before the set ond »ticket fell, )oung Hose pin) mt nice confident enckit, although not bet ting a big score Hie third wicket brouc,! t it to 110 ind then Giller and iatehell put on a hi ndred rum, for the fourth »»¡cet At that staÄc the South had a L,ood position and tvith time, an mi portant consideration, micjit Jia»c been expected to take the rl«ks In forcing it They continued to llay tho ordinal) game howoer, and yyith indi! fcrcnt siKccis The good bowling ha« Ing lailcd, tlie Ixortbirn skipper yeint in for fooling out the side, and siciccdctl 1J) tins I mian that lie put L 1 lit m on to ' lock them in ' at one cnu and bowled delushc full to-ses himself ut tho other crease uhlle n few |,ood ones from Miplestonc against the xxliiel also hld a marked effect on the t lil end balbinen of the South Hil innings of the side ti is Giller a 107, got by really fcood mel et the adiuiriblc liming both of lils cuts past ¡joint and hits to sejuare and long Ice* yyiniung frequent applause Ile ilrotL less frequent!) thin usual but nude no mistake in doing «o except that yihith cost lum his yiickct In trying; a drhe he seemed to get oier one of I nile Ile m s and was bowled I presentation is to bo made to J C irlton next Siturda) at the instance of an Adelaide t,cutlinim, y»ho admired lils htiuling list year Cirlton yens not successful last Faturdii) chance» after chante biing dropned from lus howl nig, and Houston s frequent uppcals to ' Held up \urili' were certain') ucedid It une again proud him«clf one of the most ton sistent of tile x omitir generation of 1 ictori m I ttsincn b) cnrr)ing his bat riL,ht tllrougu Hie lailton imungs against ¡st Kilda for 12" vithout tho ghost of i chancL to boy« lira or llild flu M Kilda captain fc-pcihs of Hame s display lu terms of Hil highest pruse fu both Hall and lenton ««ore bowling «yell all di« and nllliouHh linton did not get n wicket, lion ill udyibeel almost eyer) Carlton batanan who went in tu take no libcitlt-s with him One of the best lulls if the da) was that with which Hall bowled Collins und yyiieu this xoun», ter has learned to got a«ya) to the off for hitting batsmen and let the uleket uloni, he yilll be )it more dangerous rill« yyus sho yu in the tase of Anderson, the last u au in fur Carlton He is notorious!) n dasher, )it tin M Kilda boiilers with the ixieptiou of M Snauc kept bouling at bis »ticket »\itli the result thal tiitlcrson bniiibhcd thtni ibout in rare stvle hit ling e»ir» thing »»ullin riant lins lill, foieetul mel et added al out "0 foi the list »»iel it, and made a great dilTcicnic in the task set the St Kilda bitsmiu »»inch it the ninth »»llket »»as not a formidable- one As ii u is tiny had to go in iLainst áv-O, und lost uni »uiket in gittni' öl of tin m Hum ind lit nike both t,ood bats had 1 nu entirely out of luck, so Hilson font them in Ilrst Huilke his »ct to lind the turning puint ! it Min u is it leiihlli -.nilli, st Killi i lost the bcnicts of l'hilpoti, uho si rained his foot Jiiriiu, ile wetk If 1 i«t MclbournL couitl stibstitull tlnlr «econd liminLS foi tht n tn t theie would lu a lutisli uorth suing next Satúrela« Tin m itch homier Ispructit elll o«ei anil tin laist hate plajcd uti to ionn cul» »«hen it »»as too bete lo «ive the g une 1 m irdi the Onish of lluir llrst innings ltoehe luwled biilindidl« Ltttuu.' tin list lour »tickets »»ith _¿ bills at a cost of onl« 2 îuns-m iking his record eight f r ti) for the Innings-yy Uli n bata man s wicket all tho time let in the second m nings he could do 1 otter than one for 17 tt li it «sith Hoche Callion 1 rumble C M Le-od and the two Trotts Hitor! in bouling ouclit to be «cr» btrong Ulis season and Hie stru-gh between this group tf loulers and Iredale t rci ir» und Dcnnan with the hit on IloxniL iliy »»ill le a «iLlit indeed In 1 a«t Melbourne s second inning« Harry leg-ill with ti bonni inning» uf 11 lind lllirt J i utt s J' »\ is nude up of some »oi» line btrokes le tween innl off mid lotet Hruce et t 1 atli e f them with lluil occasional li inging hull in » Illili the cb Hue of l ace his «obi the most cMieri enced 1 atsmtai Laier pi t«id mother of his Lood inmiiL-e for Of though O Hallar in had a chance to like Illili about half uti) tlirouuh jllthough lie w s m marl» two hour, there »»ere t»»ei»e 19 in Ins score »then running letween »»lekets I-»ir rieke I liimsilf mid bud lo eel bomeoiiL lo run for linn Stucke» lutte 1 in his lisu ii oldttnitc stile nuking occisiona! perfcel strokes und eieini tile lowlei-s nu hope aipireull» of bhifling lum » ritllue- good tin hill Lime wus Melbourne s com incut tn llu Kitting of their ad»ors.tnes Ile Ila»»! «burn bat«mtn shoucd Iltur calihrt on gitttngi ossission of thelirst rute\»lcket atl it/ro» It ith -J2 to bat lgainst and five of tilt ir best bits men out f r 112 the »ounLei club »»as not fn e from luixicl» Those who mu Hil sl)le in which t! elr nins «yere slincl c I tOLCther 1 itt on Monda« iflernoon ns e empan d with the toilful pit» of 1 ilzro) saw n remirkalle dificrcnce In tlie batluiL of tht two tlc«ins ibis was emphasised on Satin-day whin cym llauksbum man uitli any treti usions us a bal oollircd Hie bowling anti bforel so ftctlv that Hu totil was onl« sbott of loo ltd ei elr« next Sature!t) thti bold the Lame lu their hand MIIIiOUllM 1 I 1ST Ml LIIOURM Ml LBOUIÎM 1 ir t iniilm s .. ». "01 I 1 1S1 Ml IllOLHM 1 ir«t Innings. ( P M'tli«tcr b ltoehe .. .. "I li Slttcki! 1) lloche .. IS \ 1 Trott c and I) OHallonn .. 1 1 I.iyer I) lloche .. II t s ( irter, e litken, b lioclio .. 11 1* I tut« li O Halloran ., 1 1 1 lurry c llluel ham, b lloche . ..27 M Michail b Koche .21 1 nulli e und li ltoehe . ,. .. 0 Howes e and b Hoche .. .. .. (I lent« not out . ../ .. .. 0 Sundries. .. 2 Tot il 100 Itoullng tml)sis-lloche, 159 halls, 39 runs 13 ni inhnu 8 »vlekels, O Halloran 13S halls SS runs, 0 maidens i » leki ts Hruce 12 bulls, 7 runs Second Innings 1 Hrit), b Uiuce .. .. 41 I nulin e Bimi, I) lloche .. ,, li A 1 Trott, li Unicc . .. .. U l.a»er, r lloche, li Hilson .. .. «1 II Stuckcv, not out .. .. .. 01 I irter, not out .. .. .. .. 5 Sundries ... .. 21 lour for ... .. ». '.. 21.* 