Correspondence. It must bo distinctly understood that, while we are at all times happy to insert correspondence we do not in all cases endorse the remarks of the writer, and the real name and address of correspondents must be given in addition to nam de plume as a guarantee of good faitb. WINE AND STRONG DRINK, To the Editor of the Nepean Times. Sib,-Your correspondent, Gr. Thompson, has a way of summing up upon the question involved, quite in keeping with the maxims of the party he represents, and quite opposed to the teachings of revealed religion, which he does not" represent. Anarchists, social ists, like total abstinence organisations, affect a love for the well-being of men which is not possible in natures that are antago nistic tosociety, tyrannical-in its government, and destructive to the social welfare of other citizens. Its proposals are subversive of the christian scheme of human redemp tion, and fosters a pharisaic rightougness by the show of religion without the spirit of it, and like its original votary attempts to make clean the outward appearance of the cup and of the platter, but within, are full of extortion and excess, and for a pretence make long prayer, therefore they receive the greater damnation. "Woe unto you ye blind guides, for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves." So spake our Lord of Phari seeism and to Pharisees, " Ye blind guides which strain at a gnat and swallow a camel." Thou blind Pharissee, cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter that the outside of them may be clean also. The application of this scripture to modern total abstinence is inevitable when the name of God and religion are set up. It is not a matter of surprise that my temper should be disturbed, or that I should call hard names if he furnishes me with undoubted evidence of their appropriateness. Anger is sometimes justifiable. It was so with our Lord (Mark iii, 5), with Moses, remarkable for meekness (Exodus xi, 8). On two or three occasions only did the wrath of the Lord explode in a threat. The habitual temper of his spirit was patient endurance. It was an extra ordinary provocation indeed that made him angry, and the offence that most sensibly wounded his tranquil nature was hypocricy. The sanctimonious iniquity of the Pharisee under the garb of religion incurred his heaviest rebukes. On one occasion only can I recall an expression of loathing, extreme aversion and abhorance; the most emphatio species of dislike, the most painful and incurable temper of mind that can be awakened in us. We can pacify anger, we may overcome repugnance, we may moderate any sort of aversion but loathing. Just as in our body a poisonous substance is refused by a spasmodic action of the stomach, so we cast from us whatever grossly offends our moral nature. There are persons we dislike, there are others who excite our indignation, but rarely is any one so repulsive to us as to excite loathing. It is only when he has the opportunity of knowing and will not heed the wisest counsels or the best estab lished authority, perverting and over-throw ing our most sacred interests, that we are brought by his conduct to feel absolute hatred. The Loadioeans observed the formalities of worship and the ordinances of religion, but when Jesus looked at them and tried their reins he found that he was not regarded, he had no place in their heart; and he said, " I know thy works, thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou wert cold or hot, against me, or for me. Your adultrous heart sought out other Lords and other Gods ; but he who was your rightful husband you have dishonored. . I declared if I be lifted upl will draw all men unto met You have set that aside and instituted wha. has no place in my kingdom. You pretend to want me to give countenance, that your foolishness in perverting my way and pitting againBt me may prosper for your own glory, because thou art neither cold nor hot. I will spew theo out of my mouth." What was written aforetime was written for our learning, and these scriptures apply to the sentiments of your correspondent. I was therefore not abusive, but if I can pull off bis mask for posterity's sake I will. He may be sure that while I cannot be abusive to any man I would brush him aside as any pestilent vapor, and when Jesue comes he will spew him out of his mouth. What do the Scriptures teach ? is the ques tion I have kept in view, and answered by carefully selected texts from the Old and the New Testament, and authorised authors. Not so with G. Thompson: he has been forward with the egotiBtic I, to mystify, to befog those who are unrefleoting sympa thisers of his own kindred ; it has been so well dpne, if he had tried to befool them he could not have done it better. For example, when he first said, wine in scripture is some times called a curse, I asked for one text to support that assertion ; _ for weeks, yea months, it remained unnoticed since Novem ber 16th.; In your laBt issue February 22nd. he sayB, any man who asks a question like that is unwilling to Bee and is biassed by prejudice. The law of'the Nazarite he mis stated, also that of the Priesthood and the Rechabites which I pointed out, there has been no connection made, the text " Woe to him who giveth his neighbour drink that lie might look upon his nakedness," this last clause was withheld and the woe mis placed. Ananias" and Sappbira concealed from the apostle a part of the truth, re the sale of land, and were told they had lied not to man but to God, and were struck dead. Let this shameless egotist fear, per sistently serving himself and prefering that self to God, in. the arrogance of that self may soon doubt and then deny God. Judged by his writing, he is not far from it now ; better men, more cultured men, have split upon that rock of Self-sufficiency; the power of evil is made evil, and kept evil by the disobedience and wickedness of man alone, no evil is evil to him who follows that which is good. Heaven and Hell, good and evil, faith and unbelief, temperance and intemperance, light and darkness. Christ and the Devil are not in communion, between them there is no fellowship. Never is vice but there is virtue available. Holy men were moved to write by the' Holy Ghost. Where sin abouuds grace doth much more abound. They wrote of winG and strong drink, so they wrote the law of restraint, and moderation; "With the knowledge of prob able excessive use, they wrote condemnation for the drunkard, but never a word waB written against the drink. The whole of life natural, moral, and spiritual were before them. Rules of conduct, laws and regula tions for individuals and nations, for the home and the sanctuary, were all there minutely-for ""eating, and for drinking, which must be moderate. Not total abstin ence necessarily, but abstinence from excess. This is the testimony of God. Let God be true and every man a liar. This is a repeti tion of our statement made at the first of the correspondence. Much of our writing latterly has been but a reiteration, with tho result of further research, which has greatly strengthened our confidence, and deepened our conviction that desire for truth has been ministered to by revelation of what was before only conjecture by many of your readers. The falacious reasoning of his last letter puts G. -Thompson in his proper place, and showB how utterly incompetent lie is to be trusted as a teacher of men. By his own admission he has striven for position among your readers, and perhaps the com mendations of immature thinkers like Beid, and Ausburn, whose fatal jumbled fallacies, with his own, are quite in evidenoe of the absence of God, and of Godliness in.any of their thoughts. The univer sal presence of God as the creator, and npholder and disposer of all things is not apprehended by them, in a general way they say he is the creator, but chiefly because it relieves them of the greater difficulty of otherwise accounting for things, but in the production of poison nature is accredited by him as distinct from God, and common sense as distinct from revelation ; the very essence of that speculation which is the impressive symptom of ungodliness. I still say, but more emphatically, that it is twaddle to talk of unfermented wine. That the juice of grapes and other fruits may have been called wine I grant, but it muBt be the critical solution to Berve the purpose of a divinely instituted sacrament. Here our standard authorities are one, our English Standard Dictionary says, " Wine, the fermented juice of grapes and other fruits." We don't want Hebrew, nor Greek, nor Latin, but these say that the unfer mented juice of fruit is not wine, though sometimes called wine, in the sacrament the cup which is representative of the blood of Jesus our Lord is called the PURE blood of tbe grape. The word " pure " is our guide. Grape juice when first pressed from the fruit has in it the lees, the sediment gros ness, scent, feculent matter, which, while these remain should be called must not wine," says a high authority on the wines of the Bible; " by fermentation it is separated from these, and the pure juice is softened, refined in quality, and being decanted or changed from vessel a perfect character is finished." That is to say, the process has so far separated the pure, from the impure, that no more remains, and the juice thus purified is the fruit of the vine, and consti tutes the cup which the Saviour passed to his. disciples saying, " Drink ye all of it." Any manipulation or process to purify other than tho action of its inherent parts must fail. It would not be pure, and could not represent the blood shedding which procured a salvation for those that believe. What then becomes of those who have sworn they will not touch, taste nor handle this cup. In the first place they abused the Scripture if they took these words to apply to drink. They have no reference thereto, and is another instance of perverting the^ saored Word. In the next place, if their faith looks no higher than themselves at the Lord'B Table, they discern not the Lord's body; if they partake, they eat and drink damnation unto themselves. If they die in this state of mind, they are doomed to be damned ,* though a funeral service may send them to Heaven, they are loBt souls in Hell. Kings wood, Feb. 25. H. B. 