PERSONAL. Historian Lecky, in his political capacity as M.P. for Dublin University, is looked upon as a perfect godsend to the caricaturist. One of Sydney's recent weddings was that which i united Mr. L. De Groen, the well-known musician, ?with Miss May Thompson, a Sydney lady. Two of Sydney s well-known Stipendiary Magis trates — Mr. E. Giles and Captain Fisher — have been retired by the Public Service Commission. Kyxile Bellew and Mrs. Brown Potter arrived from America on Friday in the steamer Miowera en route gfor Melbourne, where they open a season with ' As You Like It.' In view of the great coronation ceremony at Moscow, it is interesting to note that for economical reasons neither the present German Kaiser nor his father was cro ivned in state. Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher (authoress of ' Uncle Tom's Cabin') has, at S3 years of age, been discuss ing the New Woman movement, and unhesitatingly Bays that ' no good will come of it.' Colonel North — mammoth sportsman, 'Nitrate King,' Coolgardie syndicater, and ever so many other things which produced ' increment,' was engaged in a ' corner' in camphor at the time of his recent sudden death. Cecil Rhodes, on whose behalf it is now ad mitted that he was privy to Dr. 'Jim's' raid because he knew the Boers were in treaty with Powers against England, is reported to be the pos sessor of private means valued at £7,000,000. The member for Randwick, Mr. David Storey, M.P., narrowly escaped a horrible death last week, when his horse threw him, the rider being dragged, with one foot in the stirrup, amidst the busy traffic on Glebe Island bridge. Respecting the recent acquittal of Major Lothaire for the execution of Mr. Stokes, a Bri tish trader in Congo Free State, the Belgian ' ex planations' become less satisfactory to British dip lomatists. The latest rather more than insinuates that, as to Stokes's fate — 'serve him right.' Poet Henry Lawson has ' been and gone and done it.' He quickly followed up the publication of the Angus and Robertson edition of his poems ('In the Days when the World was Wide') by getting married. At the moment of -writing we do not know the 'submerged' name of the young lady of his choice ; but the Freeman wishes its young contributor and his bride a pleasant and prosperous future. Could anything be neater than Henry Lucy's way of putting the political metamorphosis of Joseph Chamberlain? Here it is :— ' In the House of Commons, on the platform, and in the press, good Liberals attempt to confute on various points the Secretary for the Colonies in Lord's Salisbury third Administration. But no one can hit the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain of 1896 with such directness, force, and effect as can the ' Joe Chamberlain ' of 1885.' We wish to inform our friends and subscribed that Mr. J. I. Marshall, Dentist, has removed to more conveniently-situated premises, viz., 28 Wyn yard-square. . At the meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society a few days ago, Mr. Fred Webster, its go-ahead secretary, was able to show areturnfrom gate admis sion during the Easter Exhibition of £4973. In every other department of revenue, too, an improvement was shown on previous years. I Miss Dennis, matron of the George-street Asy lum, Parramatta, was presented with an address from the inmates on Saturday afternoon, on the occasion of her transfer to the Macquarie-street Asylum. Archdeacon Gunther, Father O'Reilly, and Mr. A. W. -Green (general superintendent), spoke highly of Miss Dennis's services. By a recent Canadian mail Mr. Martin Cherry, the promoter of the Lady Aberdeen Prize at St. Patrick's Day's Sports in Sydney, received splen did photographs of the Earl and Countess of Aber deen. They were sent by Lady Aberdeen as a memento, and are much prized by her veteran ad mirer. Madame Lucien Henry (of the Sydney Cercle Literaire Francais) has received news ot the death in France of her husband, who, for some ten or a dozen years, was professor of decorative art in the Technical College, Sydney. The deceased artist left Sydney some four years ago to supervize the pro duction of his work on ' The Australian Decora tive Arts.' It is not often that a lady holds a reception in celebration of her 100th birthday. Bless you, the dear creatures rarely own up to such a record in age. But that is said to have been the experience of Mrs. M'Cabe of Louisiana, who a couple of months ago entertained several hundred visitors. How the world has widened, and distance been vanquished in those 100 years ! Major Hill, once a non-commissioned officer in the 12th Regiment, but for many years past identi fied with our local military fsrces, died at Waverley road on Saturday. The deceased officer, who was on the retired list, accompanied the troops to Lamb ing Flat during the riots of the early sixties, and for a goodly number of years as Captain in the Volun teer force was stationed at Richmond. He had reached his 6 7th year. Lord and Lady Carrington's new home, Gwydir Castle, North Wales, is situated near a lovely river, about 10 miles from Conway ; and Lady Carrington writes most warmly to Sydney friends of it beauties, and the pleasure she and the family have already found there. It is just a hundred years since Gwydir came into possession of the Willoughby d'Eresby family by the marriage of the ancestress of Lord Carrington, on his mother's side, with Sir Peter Burrell.lBaron of Gwydir, in 1796. Edward Beaver (G7), who pleaded guilty at the Singleton police court on Friday on a charge of begging, and was sent to Maitland Gaol for a month, was a more than ordinarily interesting impostor. Documents on his person showed him to be well connected in England, and in receipt of regular re mittances. In fact, money was now to his credit in a bank at Sydney. He passed himself off as deaf and dumb in appealing for charity, but a police man found him drinking in a hotel bar and convers ing volubly. He had served in the British army in the Crimea ; and one of his arms was withered, consequent on what must have been a terrible sabre cut on the shoulder. Mb,. S. A. Stephen, M.L.C., arrived- in Sydney during the week from his twelve months' trip to the old world. Like the needy knife-grinder, he said in effect to the interviewing pressman, ' Lord ! bless you, I have no ;tale to tell,' but all the same he had a good deal to say of the pleasurable ex periences ot an Australian' in the mother-land. The practical joker has had the joke turned upon him in earnest at Adelaide. On the night of May 6 one Thomas Meddal was on his way home, when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, ' Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' He answered, ' Take me then,' and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost ' closed ' with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified a man named A. Rudd. The joker was charged with disguising himself, and last week was fined 10s and costs — £4 5s in all — for having conducted himself as a ghost, and thereby posed as 'idle and disorderly.'' Professor David, Geological lecturer at the Sydney University, has been forced by the logic of factB to grudgingly admit that to the Rev. Father J. M. Curran belongs the credit of having been the first to call attention to the probability that large supplies of artesian water were being derived from a triassic horizon in Australia; and promises that ' in revising the proofs of my address to the Royal Society of New South Wales I will add a statement to the above effect.' The admission should not have been forced upon the Professor's attention by an outside correspondent, faeeing that before he had given the sole credit to R. L. Jack the matter had practically been decided by Mr. Lyne in the Assembly on his experience as Minister for Works, when the Geological Department first opposed Fr. Curran' s theory, and when it was proved in actual practice — at Moree, we think — tried, to sneak from him the credit. One of the latest contributions to the city railway discussion is that of Mr. Richard Teece. We are glad to see that this gentleman — not usually ultra-sentimental — is yet sentimental enough to scout the Commissioners' new scheme as the one which, of the several that have been mooted, 'will find least favour in the eyes of the public,' and to enter his protest against the desecration of Hyde Park. At the same time he is practical enough to recommend ' that the extension should proceed as proposed to Liverpool-street, then by tunnel or open cutting through the park to Chancery-square, where an underground central passenger station could be made, thence by tunnel under Macquarie-street , or the eastern side of the Mint and Parliament Houses to the Inner Domain.' This latter is a plan which does not exclude the idea of extension to the Eastern suburbs, however it mav affect the claims of North Sydney. The Kerry Sentinel to hand states : ' It is with the deepest regret we have to announce the death of Mr. Barton, of Kilfeighney, Lixnaw. Mr. Barton was one of the most respected men in North Kerry. He was a good neighbour, charitable to the poor, and as genial and hospitable a gentleman as ever sat at the head of a table. Mr. Barton's death is very widely regretted, and especially amongst a large circle of friends and neighbours in North Kerry, who always found in him a true and loyal friend, while to the poor he was always a friend in need. In Tralee, his native place, the sad news was re ceived with very general regret. The fu neral was from Kilfeighney to Rath church yard, Tralee, the family burial-place, and was at tended by many inhabitants of North Kerry, as well as prominent people from different parts of the county. Several priests also attended, including the Rev. John Barton, P.P., and the Rev. P. Barton, Bons of deceased. The cortege was certainly the largest and most respectable that has passed through Tralee for many years. Mr. Barton, who was the father of Sister Louis, of the Presentation Convent, Tralee, was in his 76th year. He was the uncle of Mr. J. B. O'Connor, of Sydney.' The following additional particulars respecting the lately-deceased Mr. P. O'Dwyer Malony have been sent us by an esteemed correspondent to whom he was well known : — With deep regret I have to record the death of an old and highly-esteemed re sident of East Maitland, in the person of Mr. P. O'Dwyer Malony. Mr. Malony was a native of Tipperary, Ireland, and came to the colony about 43 years ago. He spent 35 years as a teacher under the Denominational system of education, and con ducted several important uchools in various towns of the colony. For several years past Mr. Malony's health was anything but robust, and his wife be stowed unremitting attention and tenderest care to soothe him in his enfeebled state of health. In life Mr. Malony was an exemplary Catholic, a true patriot, and a sincere friend. His very many ster ling qualities, together with his charitable disposi tion, endeared him to everyone, and his place 'as a member of the Church and as a citizen will be difficult to fill. Mr. Malony leaves a widow, one son, and three daughters, two of whom are teachers under the Department of Public Instruction, and one a Sister of Mercy in the Gunnedah Convent. The deceased gentleman has a brother, a parish, priest in the State of Ohio, who celebrated his silver jubilee some years ago, and who is an active worker in the cause of education in the new world. [Mr. Malony was for many years a sturdy supporter and promoter of the Feeeman. Up to the time of his death he acted as our agent in East Maitland, and apart from a feeling of sincere regret at the passing away of a sterling gentleman, we have to deplore the loss of one who did good work for the old Freeman. — Ed.] The Brisbane Age has a scorching comment on a recent piece of journalistic meanness perpetrated by the Australian of April 4. It appears that the Rev. Father Bailey at Toowoomba recently advised his congregation to extend their support to Catho lic newspapers, particularly naming (according to the Age) the Australian, Age, and Freeman's Journal as worthy of their support. The Austa lian in in its report was modest enough to monopo lize the whole recommendation to itself. The Freeman would not have noticed the incident had not some good- natured friend sent along the Age's . comment in the expectation, which we do not feel justified in disappointing, that we would say a word. Our word is, that a paper, be it Catholic or secular, which depends upon success by injuring its contemporaries, will inevitably find its levei in the public mind. 'By their fruits ye shall know them.' 