FEMALE DEVELOPMENT. " Do plain girls over become pretty?"1 asks a correspondent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes a girl of ordinary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and, if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to l>c good looking. How of ten. the tali, bony, awkward girl—the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family—develops into a perfect speeimer family—develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman! The bony limbs have rounded themselves, plump soft flash has filled up nn- 1 i sightly hollows, the squareness and angularity ; I are departed, and the budding woman is deli- j cately proportioned as Venus. Just so the j plain girl of seventeen may m time become ! the attractive young lady of twenty-four or j so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of expreesi m often changes consider ably as the girl grows older, giving to the features a beauty that was not traceable before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play serious havoc with a handsome face; and not these alone, for Nature, of her own accord, some times erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self, j he features are not altered so much as the expression, and expression has a deal to do with th» beauty ' of countenance. In fact, a plain face owes ; much of its unattraetiveness to its lack of ex pression—thero is a heaviness and stolidity ! about it; whereas a beautiful one, if not actu ally bristling with animation, has a graceful airiness and ease that adds greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution; for as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transforma tion. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly f r the better. Hew often one hears the re mark among friend?, meeting after some few years of absence, "flow you have altered ; I really should n't have known you!" Plain girls, therefore, are net always plain; and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, with'care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general ; attractiveness. The Leap Year woman, says a writer in the i Gentlewoman, possesses one striking idiosyn- ! crasy, or shall I say peculiarity? She appears i to think- that it is always Leap Year. Take j her behaviour towards the opposite sex-- this j confession of facts is exceedingly apparent, j For she proposes out of due season, and. if j checked, laughingly coverB her confusion by j pretending that the whole'" thing wa-s a joke, j and that she imagined it was Leap Year, j Yes, there are women who propose. One ! well-known man in London has been proposed j to seven times hy the same girl, and has i alwaya found himself obliged to rgfoso the honour. Another girl, now' married, stated openly that she , only accepted her present hoaband because the man she wanted to hnafry refusedtomarry her, * " 