MUSl0 & THE DRAMA Eremt;ic and ?Insical Notes. BY "TOUCHSTONE." The Cogills commence a season at the Academy of Music on Boxing night. 'A variety programme will be presented. The Newbury-Spada Concert Company, in conjunction with that wonderful inven tion, the Cineunatographe, constitute the present attraction at the Academy of Music. The Dampier Company have been. playing at Zeehan during the week. They are due in Hobart on. Boxing Night. At the last "at home" of the year, given recently by the Sydney Mayoress, a pro gramme of excellent music was rendered by Miss Lilian Frost on the organ, which consequently (says the "Evening News") had the effect of drawing many of the guests into the galleries, and preventing a crush in the reception rooms. The pro gramme rendered was the following:- "Offertoire in C minor," Batiste; "Conm munion, in F," Grison; "The lost chord," Sullivan; "The storm" (as arranged by Miss L. Frost, representing a storm durihg church service); "Pizzicato," Delibes; "Festive March," Smart. The Melbourne Theatre Royal, for only the second time in its history, will, have no pantomime this Christmas. Mr. Bland Hlolt, however, will supply the gap with the finest drama he ever staged, the "Derby Winner:" The Brough Comedy Company have aban doned theoli original dates for visiting New Zealand. It is not known whether tile com pany will visit Maoriland later. The success of the "Milk-whil.e flag" in Sydney has been so remlarkabile that the management instead of finishing the season, as intended, and leaving for New Zealand, at the last moment decided to cancel Now Zealand dates, andi continue the season at Her Majesty's Theatre, and tihe business which has since been do1ne has justifled tile step, though the disalppointment in New Zealand is said to be great. The company leaves iy lie Monowai for tile States, direct froim Sydney. Mr. \Vin. \Valshe, the well- known Austra liani tenor, and who will be rememlnberled here, princillally as a member of one of Simlnrson's Opera Comnpanies, sicnlms to hlave nmade a great success as Manrico, in "T'rova tore" at the Comedy 'l'heotre, Manchester. He was called: before the curtain several tilnes, and had to respond to all undoniable encore for hias prinlcipal solos. The welcome accorded Mr. Geo. Rignold on his retulrn to Sydney was very gratify ing. The revival of -Iontry V. waepa good managerial policy. The attendances have booe goodl, and tile play never went better. Last Saturday "Called' Back" was staged. In no character has Rignold gained greater praise than in Paolo Macari, and a good profitable run of this drama is confidently predicted until Christmas, On Boxing Night "Tommy Atkins" makes his bow to a Sydney audience. Mme. Modjeska, the famous actress, has been stricken down with paralysis in Call fornia. The years pass by so quickly that we forget .that child'ren grow up into men and womlen. I was strongly reminded of this fact the other (l day (remarks "Touch stone in Melbourne "Punch") by receiving a letter from little Ollive Berkeley. Some years ago Olive came from America to play "Little Lord Fauntleroy." She played it, and with distinguished success. She is grown up now, and is going to be married. With true American shyness she carefully forbears froml menltioning the name of the happy man. Recent obituaries include Mr. William South, who died in Melbourne on December 5\. He was a very well-known actor, nlore onl the SydOney side than In Melbourne. His wife was that piquante little actress known as Miss Fanny VWiseiman, whose Topsy was the feature in the eighty nights' run of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" at the oil Melbourne Princess. Her clever sisters, also familiar on the stage, were thA4Misses Emily and Alice Wiseman. The former married J. L. Hall, the comedian, and the latter became the wife of a gentleman en gaged in the 'law. Mr. W. South leaves a brother, Mr. James South, a popular comedian, of long Anstrallan experience. WV.Sou'th, was Jacob M'Losky in the original production of the "Octoroon" in Launces ton. Mr. Chirgwin shines at the Melbourne Opera House, and his popularity increases every day. The triple hold he has on his admirers, hils go:od humour, his musical gifts, and his actor-like sense of effect, is liatensiied' by a manner that has not the least suslpecion of professio?Lalislm about it. The "white-eyed Kaflfir" amuses the spectators as simply and as easily as if he were sitting in his own drawing-room among his own guests. There is no fore ing, no boisterous repetition, no unfulfillel promising. Mr. Chirg\lin's four spllecialtie2, "The Fiddle is my Sweeitheart," "The Step-Dl)ancing Pipes," "The Blind Boy," and "The Eccentric Scotchman," are so built round with scores of whimsical say ings, gestures, asides, and scmaps of "busi ness," that it would be impossible (says "Table Talkc") for any imitator to attempt to reproduce them. The first elocutionary recital of the pupil:; of Mr. Lawrence Campbell was held in the Sydney Y.M.C.A. Hall on the 7th inst. A programnme of twelve numbers was to have been given, but, two of the performers being unablle to applear, Mr. Campbell had to step into the breach himself at the end of the evening, and give a recitation, "Jud BrownIling's Account of RIubinstellln's Piano Playing," one of the most popular In his 'repertoire.' Miss Freshman,a child, carried off the honours amongst the pupils by her very clover performances in' Whit tier's "Barbara Frietchie," and an amusing piece "Catching the Cat." Each of these was vociferously encored; Miss Freshman giving "Charlotte Russe" after the first piece, and "The Retort" after the second. The Misses Hedges,Cohende Roy,Fishburn, Lockhart, and Laing, and Mr. Hibble were the other pupils appearing. The Minister for Education (the hen. Jacob Garrard) presided, and made a short speech at the interval, in which he referred to the many occasions on which Mr. Campbell had as sisted charities by his performances. The beautiful fable that he ghost of Sir Augustus Harris has been seen at Drury ano directing imaginary pantomime re hearsals from the proscenium box at the witching hour is a variation of a similar story told with better reason at Covent Garden after the death of Frederick Gye. The fireman was going his rounds at about one o'clock In the morning, when he was amazed to see his old master,5 looking ghastly white in the half darkness, and standing at the head of the grand staircase where he had so often received noble gucsts. It was, of course, the Gye statue, which now stands on its pedestal on the half landing at the Royal Italian Opera, but which, unknown to the firelan., had been brought in during the day. The frightr of the man who so readily recognised the likeness of the great impresario was, at any rate, a comnplilnent to the sculptor. 