CHAPTER XIII. molly’s last cigarette. MIbb Ingram often baasted of her powera ^ to Bleep, She was not nervous, Her digea- , tion was good. Her health was perfect. Once iu bed and the candle out, and she was fast asleep and en route to dreamland, j while other leas fortunate people were filing their flocks of sheep over narrow stiles, or oounting their numerals, or repeating poetry, But en that Saturday night, for the first time for many yearp, her happy power - deserted her. She heard the beaming of the waves along the shore, and tho tloking of j the olook upon the stairs, and the ^ mice running their midnight races behind the wainscoting of her room, and in vain J did she essay to think oat a subject for an J article or ruminate upon the plot of the remarkable novel Bhe intended to write . some day. Her mind was in no hnmenr for ( either pretending to be inaotlvo, or for ( smuggling sleep into ita recesses by any l : other hjpoorisy. She lay wide awake for at least two hoars,- and then fell only into a half-sleep, in whioh things oonneoted with the past day seemed to be as real to her , as if she waB still awake. It was in this intermediate state that she heard her door ( gently pushed open and saw a figure pass , stealthily between her bed and the wall. j The click of a door brought her to the j moment of olear consciousness, and she hastily sprang np and lit her candle. ( “The ‘ Admiral’s Room," which she , oooopled, was a largo apartment, and had in | it two doors. One w»b the door oom mnnioating with the landing outside. Tho , other presented itself to the eye as the ( entrance to a large unpboard, in whioh were pegs for banging dresses. This convenience she bad made nse of, and as she opened the , door and looked in her dreBses ''oonpied their several plaees, and were undisturbed ] Now the door had certainly ollnked on this , side of the room, at least twenty feet from j the ordinary door. It was, perhaps, a case in which her half-dormant Benses bad been , deoeived; bnt she was not sufficiently Imaginative to suppose that she had in vented a door in her sleep, Taking np her candle again she entered the cupboard, and examined it more attentively. It was panelled bb was the rest ef the room, nnd there was no trace of any seoret door. But she felt convinced that snch a door existed, and that someone had passed through her room and fonnd egress on this side by its means. She, of oonrse, did not believe in ghosts, i A figure in her room at night oonld only be the fignre of a being of flesh and blood. The clinking of a door was no supernatural sound. But as she got into bed again she failed to exp'ain either the figure or the sound on any reasonable hypothesis, and simply rebnking hereelf for being silly enough to puzzle herself about them, she determined that she hid been deceived by, perhaps, the movement caused by a sudden draught of air. She put the matter in syllogistic form for her own satisfaction. The figure passed from the outer door to the cupboard-door and disappeared. The figure is not in the cupboard, there fore if it disappeared there muat be a door concealed in the eupboard. But there is no door conoealed in the oupboard. Therefore no figure can have disappeared. Q. £. D., added Molly, patting ont the candle, and patting her head upon the pillows. , Bat she was wrong, ay she bad tq learn before many days. It is enough at the present to state that Blanohe Foyle had, by a secret imparted to her by Mrs Carrington —much to Hannah’s indignation and dis gust—left the house in the night by the turret-door, and was new passing with slippered feet down the garden walks, and by the zig-zag path to the beaoh. Out of the shadowed entranoe of the oive, from whioh she herself, as we saw, suddenly revealed her presence to Miss Ingram in the morning, now appeared the figure of a man, Bmoking a cigarette. “ Paul 1" she said, in a low tone. “ I am here, How late you are I” “ I thought I should never have eome at all. I don’t like thiB bueiness of playing the gboBt.” “ Have you brought it “ No; I told you that it was impossible. I have brought you a few things, but I told you a week »go that money was out of the question. You had better take whst you oau get and Bell them. Two of the rings should fetoh a pony apiece. They are real diamonds.” “ The gift of the revered Mr Foyle 1" *• You fool, to suppose I should give you anything of his 1 The man withdrew to the shadow of the cave and struck a match, whioh enabled him to examine the little leather oases she had placed in his handB, « Pooh !" he said, “ These are good for nothing. I want money." “You always did, Paul, except when you were flush for six weeks.” “ And money i must have. Now, I can’t come fooling over here at this time of night all the way from Dartmouth and get nothing for it. I will give you until Mon day night.” " It’s not the slightest use. You might just as well oome and expect me to give yon tho moon. I have no money, and. I can’t get it.” « Bat yon shall get it I he said, with an oath, “ Ask the fellow here to give it yon or lend It to yon.” “Impossible!" “Well, have it your own way. You know the alternative !” ‘'Yes ; bat mind, Paal, that if yen blew on me, I shall blow on yon. What will yon gain ?” “ What shall I gain P he repeated. 11 Do yon suppose I oare a threepenny-piece what happens to me? This is my last shot, and if it fails I oan make a hole in the water, I suppose, or take a leap oS the oliffs, as ether and better men than myself have done before me. I think yon may as well understand that I am a desperate « Do yon think your Bister wonld do any thing for you ?” “ Molly ? No. Molly’s affeotiou for me is so great that she wonld probably take the earliest opportunity of getting me safe from the reach of all farther temptation in Portland or Dartmoor. For Heaven’s sake, don’t breathe a word to her of my being here 1 Besides, I don’t suppose she has more than enough te pay her way. Go to your sailor-” “ Impossible 1” “How abont Foyle? Can’t yon eat a little dirt for my sake? Yon would have done it onoe, Blanche.” " Paul, yon are a cad to ask snoh a thing.*’ “ Well," he said, shrugging his shoulders, “go your own way. On Monday night I shall come over from Dartmouth by train, reaching here at 9.15. I shall have my bae. and shall oatoh the train to Ezetar at 10.35 I shill come np here, and yon’U give me the pieoes. Failing that, you’ll go to the bad, as quiokly as a moral nation can make yon.” "And if I bring the money?’’ “ Then yon and I will make a run for it, get to Plymouth, and go off a-salHng over the ocean bine, my dear, and make a fresh “ Thank you,” she said. “ When I do tnrn over a new leaf, it will net be with your assistance, I think. Well, come on Monday, and I will think it over in the meantime.” “ Here ?” “Yes, Captain Cardingten and the girl are going to a Harvest Home aSalr at the other side of Northoombe, and won’t be home nntil late, so yon oan oome here with out anyone being abent. Perhaps I will meet yon. Come by the road.” “ Well, remember that I must have the coin." “ I’ll remember what yen say.” “ Molly 1” oame a gentle voice at Miss Ingram’a door. “ Are yon asleep ?” Miss Ingram was sufficiently awake te recigniee Margaret’s voioe. "No. Oome in,” she said. “ r can’t sleep,” said Margaret. “I am sure there Is someone abont. My window is open, and I distinctly heard voices.” She went to the window and peeped out between the elats of the Venetian blinds “Look!’’ she whispered. “There are figures down by the ilag-peBt. I oan see them dlBtinotly.” Miss Ingram got ont of bed. There was just light enough to see two figures stand ing out against the sky, but not enongh to distinguish them. “Shall I oall Dick?” asked Margaret. “ No; let ns watch.” “ Do yon think they oan be burglars ?” Margaret’s teeth were ohattering. 1 ‘ Can’t Bay," said Molly. “ Get Into my bed, Meg ; yonr teeth are ohattering. Ah 1 they have moved. One has gone down the path; the other is coming np the garden!” She muttered something to herself and re mained fixed at the window. Then suddenly there was a slight, grind ing noise, aa of a door pushed open upon an uneven surface. Molly sprang Into bed and threw the olotheB over Margaret, whispering: “ Shot your eyes, and pretend to be fast asleep.” Margaret obeyed, but Melly felt that she was quaking. _ A alight oliok, and then the opening of the cnpboard-door very quietly—just half an inch—and silence. Molly snored. In another moment the door had opened six inches—a foot—a foot and a half—two feet, and was softly pushed to again, but not absolutely olosed. Molly snored loudly, squeezing Margaret’s hand tightly under the clothes to give her confidence. The figure of a woman passed noiselessly aoross the room, and lightly opened the door and disappeared, “ Did you see her ?” whispered Melly. “B:anche Foyle! Oh, Molly, what can this mean ?" “I think I oan gneBs. She is a thief l Look up everything you have. Depend upon It, nothing is safe. Bat say nothing to anyone. Leave this to me.” “I oan never speak to her again," moaned Margaret. This took plaoe early on the Sunday morning. Margaret went baoki to her own room before the servants began te move about the house, bnt felt too poorly to get up, and Bent word by Phyllia that, having a headache, she would remain in bed. After breakfast Diok looked at his watoh; “Who is going to ohnroh?” he askei. He never failed to attend the morning servioe on Sundays when he was at home. “ Shall you oome, Miss Ingram ? ” 1 think not this morning. I will stay at home with Meg, who really seems very ill.” “ I will go to ohuroh, then," said Blanche. And although Dick would have arranged things differently, he found himself com mitted to the walk to Northoombe and baok with Mrs Foyle. He devoutly hoped that she would behave herself, and Bhe remark ably surpassed his expectations. Everything in her conduct—her oarrying of. the dainty prayer-book, her attitude dnring the servioe, her apparent attentiveness to the Bev. Mr. Wallace’s very dogmatic sermon—was ad mirably conventional. She was tee olever to overact her part. On the way home she appeared serious and perfectly reasonable. ’ Diok," ehe said, “ I have been thinking over our conversation. I have made up my mind that yonr advice, as ever, is the best. I have already trespassed too mnoh upon the kindness of your mether. I think I will pack up and go up to London on Tuesday. There Is somebody in London who might be able to show me some way of putting my music and dancing to good use. I want to rise ont of the unprofitable level, as that man eaid in his sermon, thongh I suppose he meant that we wore to go in for more ritualism. However, I will try. Yon said you could help me. I shall not look upon it aa a gift, hue as a loan—a few pounds te pay my way until I oau get into something certain. It’s very absurd, bnt I am almost penniless." “You shall have two hundred pounds whenever you like," said Diok, cheerfully. “To-morrow!” she asked, looking up at him arohly. 1 Well, that’s certainly short notice But I’ll woik it somehow. Lord Charlbnry’s steward would probably be ablo to cash mo a cheque. He has done it for me before, Fob, 1 think I may promise you all, or nearly all, to-morrow. I’ll ride over the first thing in the morning.” “ You are so good to me t ” she said, in aI broken voioe. “I cannot tell yon how deeply I feel it. Sentiment is not mnoh in my line, but-’’ “Say nothing about It," said Diok, oare lesBly. “And you don’t feel in the least bit sorry that I’m going to Bay good-bye ? This was a difficult question to answer. He temporised a little. “ I want yon to get into a happier and more satisfactory mode of life. That seems the first thing." " Perhaps you are right. But I have been very happy here, and am very grateful to you all f'.r the kindness I have received. I love yeur mother, Diok, and think she is a perfect darling.” " Yon seem te have got on pretty .well , with her*” “ YeB, I think I amuse her, and she wanted rousing,’’ “Blanohe,” said Diok, very earnestly, “ have yon any idea whether my mother ever goes ont early in the morning 7 ” “ Ah 1” she said, playfully, “ that’s her secret. She does sometimes, but she does net want anyone to know about it. I was net to tell yon. She goes ont sometimes, and then Blips into the honBe and gets into bed again.” “ Bnt why 7 ” he asked, with a puzzled expression. “ She suffers so much from insomnia, and was nervous abont herself. But now ehe takes a little mixture 1 persuaded her to get. It is from a prescription which a doctor gave me onoe when I had insomnia. She slaeps splendidly when she takes a few drops at night.” ' Diok waB silent. “ I can’t see why she wanted to keep the ' matter so Becret," he said. “ Oh, that was for your sake. She was dreadfully low, and thought that insomnia j meant that she was going to die.” ■ “ It has caused me a great deal of trouble, trying to make ont why I should see her out, and then be told by the servants that she ( Was in bed. Poor old mother ! So that is ; the explanation of the mystery ? Well, I ^ am glad that yon have been able to do something for her. What aro these drops you speak of 7 ” 1 ” Oh, quite harmless. I took them regn- 1 larly for months. Something soothing, with ' just a dash cf morphia. It’s given to people ' with neuralgia. Well, I’m glad that I went to chnrah. Do yon know, I think I am a 1 better woman for it 7 ” Diok thought her tone implied sfncerity. “ I suppose,” he Bald, "that none of us 1 can come into contact with even the out skirts of a kingdom of high and beautiful ! ideals without being the better for it 7 ” “ Yes,” said Blanche, very meekly ; then, [ in a Bnddon return to her old wicked Belt, whioh spoilt everything—“ that old point- ’ laae on the holy man’s snrplioe was very ■ uplifting. It was exactly my ideal of a perfect laoe.” * Diok was annoyed. She had just failed ' to leave npon him a favorable impression. She had, moreover, led him to commit him- ] self to a serious thought, whioh had been j germinating mysteriously in his own inner ! oonseionsness, and had then made fnn of it. ! Now, perhaps one of the most unpardonable sins of which women are guilty is to draw a ’ cheque npon the reserve of private philosophy whioh is hidden away somewhere in every ' mind, and then to dishonor it. On their arrival at the honse they were met by Miss Ingram, wearing a very grave ' faoa. ! “ Margaret is very ill,” she said. “ I J went np to Mrs Cardington and suggested 1 that the doctor should be sent for, bnt she thought that it was unnecessary. Still, I 1 really think that it wonld be well to have 1 him. There is certainly something more ' than a feverish headaohe the matter.” J " He shall be sent for at onoe,” said Diok, 1 qnietly, walking away to attend to the business at once. ’ Mrs Foyle walked to a garden-ahair and 1 threw herself into it. E “ Awfully hot! " j Molly acknowledged the remark by a 1 motion of her head. “Church was hot, singing was bad, sermon was slow! I wonder why these good people, who want to make the world straight I and smooth, go abont their work like a j great lumbering steam-roller, thumping S over you backwarda and forwards as if they i * expeoted to crush everybody down to their j own level of dnlness ! I wonld give all the ( money In my pnrse for a glass of gln-«ling. < Diok 7 Oh, he's gone to see abont the siok 1 girl. Well, Miss Ingram, do yon carry a j oigarette-oase ? For goodness Bake give me 1 something to smoke, if only to keep away * the flies. Buzz, bnzz, buzz! Beelzebub f and all the legions mnst be in the sir to-day. Do you ever go to the musio-halls, Miss ] Ingram 7 ” ( Mrs Foyle took a cigarette from the case < whioh the ether had placed on the seat 1 beside her, and, striking a light, threw her < head baok and smoked into the air. Molly < took the oigarette-case, and, withont a word, | slowly walked down the garden and threw i it into the sea—an action which Mrs Foyle j ■ greeted with a burst of laughter. jj' Mo'ly had for ever done with cigarettes, j • The strongest moral teacher is Disgust. J1 (To he Continued). |1 