THE CRIME OF THE "'LIZA JANE," Published by special arrmjemmt with Mesm. Ward, Loci $ Bousim, Ltd. [all eights besebybb.] OHAPTEB XXIX. Bt FERGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery ot a Hansom .Cab," " The Dwarfs Chamber," &c.; TOESOLUTION OF THSMYSTERY. I (toed on the threshold ot the cabin Humder-atnuk, tamed to etone abubst inuapsble el speeoh. Wu the man ft ghost 1 DM the dead Mtnrn! This wu the greateat my«tery of all. "Cyrus Barry r I gasped, leaning sick and faint against the wall. "Cy " My •aloe died sway in my throat. The unexpected appeoranoe of tin dead man took away voloe and power of thought. "Yae, I am Cyras Bury," lie aald quietly, "and yon are Dr, Fairfax, whom my pear brother not to avenge my death. Well, I am not dead. I was only wounded, and that not leriouly." I tamed to look lor Adelaide, U..'only to draw eelf-oentrol from her prod gaze, but •he was gone. While I had been staring at this m« loam, she had fled np the stairs and left me clone with her old lover. "It b just as well," said Birry, In annrer to nly inquiring look. I weald rather tell yon my ctory without her being preeent." " TeQ me your atory I" " Tea 11 thiak yen hare earned a right to hear it, ao I determined to aetyonr mind at rat before I left England." "Ton leave England ?" I aald, atnpldly wondering why he thai abandoned Ua • Tonight, if the wind rises, u there ii every ohanoe ef its doing before midnight." "Why?"' "Far several reasons. One, beoause I am a marked man, and may be killed at any moment by the Bnarehltta; another, because I killed Binoe/' "Ton Mled him 1" "Tea; I killed the scoundrel," arid Barry, In tones of the deepest hatred. He brought about my rain with the Society; he tried to km me; he would have done ao had he lived. I tried to aave myself." " But, Barry, how did 1" " It's a long story. Come in and aee my mother, then yon will hear alL Itia the only thing I oan do {or yon. who tried eo hard to avenge my death. Come." I bowed my head, and obeyed in silence. Captain Jim smiled as I bent over him, and weakly pressed my hand. "Tan aee I was right in Baying I wonld meet yon in Manxby," he aaid, in an unusually strong voloe, "Cyrus was determined to tell yon all before leaving England lor ever. Sit down on that oheit, my friend, and listen.' 1 I did as he told me, and looked at Barry, who stood with loosely folded hands, in the full glare of the lamp. He was a splendid man, but his faoe was thin and Only by the greatest eflsrt did he manage to speak. "Ton know the most of the story," he said, looking at me with strange intensity, "so I need not go over old ground, Batfar the sake of making things olear I will reoarttnlate te some extent." I made no oomznenton thisspeeoh beyond bowing my head, upon whloh he returned his story—surely one of the strangest that had ever Issued from the lips of man. Even now asl write, theaoene arises beUre my mind'a eye: The narrow, stifling oaUn aU shadow and yellow mist; the anarchist with his noble head thrown hack ; his hands, aa It were in handouts, hanging before him; and the alck man on tin bed gazing atcvlfastiy at his brother—at Abe telon and mnraerer, whom he leved with exceeding levei It was a strange soane, but the story mi stranger. "I am now a wanderer," said Barry, In his deep voioe j " bat as yoc know, I was journalist and a aooUllst—not an anarchist. No, I am not a brute; nor did I aee the nse ef ruing violent means te reform th« world. My objection to those measures brought about the whole of this tragedv, as yon shall hear. There Is some good In me. Doctor Fairfax, though very little. IfI killed one man, I saved a hundred. Pat this against that, and do not blame me over-xnuoh. "The atony oommsnoes from the time when I went to Sootland some year* ago. Adelaide was then rfngmg at a music-hall, and was by no means the great lady she Is now. I was deeply in love with her; but she refused to listen to me, on the plea that I was not rich. Hitherto I had always scorned money, as I believed In an equal division of things. A sooiallst never desires to be rioh. Bat love pat all those Ideas of equality and fraternity ont of my head, and I determined to earn money, ao as te make Adelaide my wife. I did not see how I could get a fortune, till ohanoe sent me to Edinburgh. Then I beoame friendly with Brnoe and his mother. He was a law- clerk, poor and unknown, and helped to support his mother, who was sick and feeble. The son was oalled away from Edinburgh, and the mother died." *' It was then that she revealed ber history, was it not " Tea; she told me that her real name was Laura West, and that she was the legitimate wife of Sir Walter Card ell. Before ahe died she gave ma the oertifio&te; of marriage, and Implored me to reinstate Leonard Brnoe in his birthright. Before I oenld promise this ahe died, and I was left holding the young man's fortunes In my hand unfettered by any oath." "Still you knew what ahe wished, and Mould have acted honourably," I said, with some reproach. "I anted in the manner I thought wonld pin me Adelaide," replied Barry'ooldly. With the certificate I returned to London, and made inquiries about the Oardell family. Then I learned that Sir Walter was dead, and that he had been sncoeeded by 1 younger brother Dlgby, who had made _ e,uteB '' you know that he was in love with Hiss Erskine T" I asked curiously, ' Not at that time, but I did later on.- x offered to suppress the oertifioate and tell -EESGS&S;*"***™-*** k^jQn that yon intended to marry Ade- "JL55" 1 her the story of Brnoe. suppressing oertaln facts necessary to prove Us legitimacy, she was carious to see Brnoe, and she did aee him in the end, for r e SSf e^pJ° londen against my wiU. I t w 1^*" with me at Old Jane's, so " Bp hlm under my eye, and I suppUedblin wlth money. That wasbefsre I went-to lodge in Fitaolarenoe Square. X also Introdnoed him to the sooislUts/so that I might gain more power over hlm." had "What nse was that, when yon decided "Inot. to tell quite him decided," the troth said I" Barrv calmly. "Sir Digby refused to pye the eight thousand ponnds, so I was nearly on the point of telling Brnoe all, thinking I B wonld get the money from him. Then I found Oat Adelaide wm bt leve with him." "And he with her T" "Tea. In a wonderfully short spaoe of time they became engaged, and I was left ont In the cold. Bat I knew Adelaide wonld not marry him unleea he cnoeeeded to the Csrdell title and estate, ao I refused to give him the certificate or to tell him in what church his parents were married. Withont me he conld not prove his legitimacy, and, therefore, he could not marry Adelaide." " But Adelaide might have married Sir Dlgby. What then!" "She could net do so, for she wai in love with and engaged to Brnoe. Tea, I really believe ahe loved him, and I had no fear ef Sir Dlgby, though he waa always after her at the theatre, Ah, that pair were more lucky than I; yet what was their love compared to mine V He heaved a sigh, and resumed his story after a short pause, during which he no doubt thought of the woman now on deck, paging under the stars. I wondered vaguely If she felt any remorse lor nrinii this man's life. Knowing her as I did thought not. " Braoe and I used te fight desperately at Old Jane's," he resumed. " She-—" "She heard you." "I don't wonder at it," eald ha grimly; we made noise enough. Brnoe wanted to know the truth and I refused to toll him, so at to delay the marriage. Then he grew angry and tried to ruin me with the Ssdety. At that time they were making up a plot to blow up the Houses o! Parliament. I spoke against it, as I did not bdieve in snch violent means being used. Brnoe heard the speech, and took advantage of it to tell the Society that I had betrayed them." "Upon whloh they oondemned you to death as a traitor J" 'They did ao. Why, I had not even a chanoe of denying the lie; bat I suppose Brnoe managed ail that. He was selected to kill me, and aooepted the commissi on willingly, bo that he could go home after I was dead and rifle my desk. Well, he stabbed me while .1 was speaking in Hyde Park, and 1 fell. Ton know the details ot that; It was in aU the papers." " Ton were not dangerously wounded ?" «' Ho ; the knife tuned against a pocket book, and the stab in the baok was of no aooount. I fainted bom loss of blood, and Mrs Tyke oarried me off. She made we ot the anarchists to biffie the poUoe." " But why should they do so, when they had oondemned you?" " Because the secret mark of the Society is tattooed on my body, and tiny did not wantthepelloetoMeit. Mrs Tyke carried me off, aa I said, and I was taken te Canute Villa, where ahe nursed me through my Illness." " Oh, then that was the secret of the villa; I thought It was Magsey," "No, It waa I," said Barry cslmly. "I reoovered, and found that Mrs Tyke had taken all my papers. She refused to give them up, as die wanted the oertifioate suppressed and her daughter to marry Sir Digby." " What did yon say to that I' "Nothing. In my illness my love for Adelaide had died away. All I wanted waa to punish the traitor who had betrayed me. Heotme down to Manzby after Adelaide, and she visited him, so that he should not go to Canute Villa and learn that I was still alive. Oi course he thought me dead. I was glad of that, as it enabled me to kill him." " How did yon manage It ?'' I asked, shrinking from him. £he cold-blooded brutality of the man was terrible. Why," he aaid heareely, " it was not diffiouit. I grew well and strong in a wonderfully short spaoe of time, and watched my opportunity. I knew that Brnoe nsually walked baok with Adelaide to Canute Villa, and took advantage of the faots He left her at the gate, whereupon I slipped ont of the house and followed him down to the beach. He choee that way to return to his lodgings, little thinking that the man he deemed dead waa at bis heels. Face to facB I met him in the moonlight. He reded, and wonld have fallen en the aands, deeming he saw a ghost. I gave him no time to recover; I struck hard, and he fell dead at my feet, the knife In his heart." "And the boatr " An after- thought. I was afraid lest Inquiries should be made, lest the finding of the corpse on the beach should lead to my deteotion; ao, oatohing right of the boats drawn ap in a line, I determined to send the body adrift. I took the "Liza Jajve, plaoed the corpse therein, and rowed oat to sea in another boat. It was hard work to get the two along, but I felt like a —strong and lusty. I oould have moved mountains. Far out I undressed the body of Bruce so as to prevent identification, and bound it spread-eagle fashion to the thwarts of the 'Liza Jam. The clothes I snnk in the Channel, with a stone tied to them. Then I sent one boat adrift with the dead man, and returned in the other. It was not difficult to regain the villa, where I lay worn out with weariness." "I do not wonder at It Sid yen accomplish all thli single-handed, and after recovering from a severe illness ?" "Tea; my hate made me Strang. I was mad with desire to rid mysaif of my enemy. I knew it sounds Impossible, but It Is ao." « One last word, Barry. Who betrayed the anarohist plot to the police I" "I did," he said ooolly; "they tried to Idll me as a traitor when I was none, ao I punished them by becoming what they made me, and rained their oause. I am not sorry for what I have done, eo don't think It. I hated Braoe, and I killed him aa I would a dog. I hated the anarohlsts, and did them a bad turn. Now I leave England, with my revenge fully gratified. There, Dootor Fairfax, Is the story ; make what nse •fit yon please." Then turning abruptly on his heel he left the cabin. That was the last I saw of Cjyrus Bsrry, CHAPTER XXX; A FINAL EXPLANATION, I had no time to comment on that terrible story, for scarcely had Barry taken his departure before Captain Jim sat up, and held out his hand. I I Oaod-bye," he add in a low voloe. " Osptsln Jim, If yonr brother " *' Not a word more, Fairfax. I know all yon would say; but remember, he is my brother after all." " When did you first hear he was alive, skipperT" "Last week. Mrs Tyke came np from Manxby to tell me that Cyrus was not dead, but biding from the anarchists at Canute Vita, and aha brought a message from him a iking me to tike hlm aboard here." " That was why you wrote requesting me to leave the oaae alone !" " Conld I do anything else, Fairfax T" he said passionately. "My own brother; 1 oould not aee him swing for a crime oondtted in a moment ot anger." I held my own opinion on the 1 frame of mind Bany was in when he killed Brnoe, but ont oi consideration tor Captain Jim I held my tongue. I waa truly aony for him. His Idol was shattered; Us pride In his brother was gone ; and nought remained but to save the genius of the Barry family from the vengeanoe of Hie anarchists ; from the grip of the law. Cyrus, the wenld-be regenerator of the world, was now a hunted fugitive. A sad ending to so promising a career. "I'll take him to Mexico," said Captain Jim, guessing my thoughts, " and if he has a mind to, he oan ran for President; ont there they don't mind dropping their man, ao Cyras will tare no worse on that account/ But hark, Fairfax, the wind is rising, and we must be off. Say good-bye, and let ua part for ever." " Not for ever. Captain Jim," said I, grasping his hand. "I am going on the trail again—an exploring expedition to the Andes. We will meet again, you may be sure, and In the meantime, good-bje, old friend," ' God bless you I" said Captain Jim, retaming the grip with all his feeble strength, and so we parted. On deck all was lively. The wind hid risen, and the orew were already at the capstan. I caught a glimpse of Henders In the distance, but nnwiHIncto talkte hlm, after my late experlenoe, X harried to the side of the ship, where I hoped to find Ben Ian and his boat. As I sprang on the taffral) to descend by the rope-ladder, Adelaide came np. She looked*trills regretfol, and I gaessed she had been saying ;ood-bye to Barry. Perhaps ahe waa aeny for laving driven the man into exile, Cor oven then S set down his plight to her doings.; efore the 'Liza Jane reached shore, I was assured of this from her own lips. We dropped Into the boat, and in a few minutes were rowing towards Manxby lights. The moon, occasionally obscured by flying scud, glimmered faintly, and thai we see the sails being set, and the ship rising and falling like a sentient thing as though anxious to b» off- Then the lights in heaven were blotted out by dirk clouds, and The Seeker was swallowed np in tke gloom. I turned my face towards Manxby, and felt the sting of the spray on my faoe. Thinking of what I had heard, it was impossible to suppress a sigh. Adelaide laughed. The aonnd Irritated me at that moment, and I turned sharply upon her. " Oan you laugh when you know of what I am thinking, Uiss Erskine?" "How did you like the story J" she eald coolly, pushing her oap baok ; "interesting, waa it not! L ove, murder, and anarchy. What a pity it Isn't all true I" What do you say I" I asked, startled by the signlfioauoe of her tone. "I am regretting that Barry's story isn't all true." " Didn't he kill Bruce ? • " Oh, yes I He betrayed the anarchists, and murdered Bruce sure enongh. All for nothing!" "Ten oan hardly oall It nothing when Braoe tried to kill him." " Kill Barry add Adelaide, with a laugh; "that he did net." "But the polloe say so; Barry aays 0 -" "But I dent aay ao," ahe aaid In a mook ing voloe. " I don't understand. Miss Erskine." "Hush I—don't speak so lend. I don't want the boatman to hear what I am about to tall yon. That story," die oontinued, placing her meuth close to my ear, "la only trneinpart. I tried to kill Barry." "Tour " It was I," ahe eald imp itlently. " I was the meeting in Hyde Park; I sprang on the Iplatlerm: I Btruok hlm, and all the time be thought it waa Brnoe." "Howoonldhewhen-—" You forget I am an actress," ahe aaid, with a little laugh. "I made up like Bruce —red wig, long red moustache. Oh, It was quite easy, and In the glimpse Barry caught of me, be quite believed that I was his dear friend Brnoe." "In God's name, why did you attempt thearimel'' " Well, it waa mainly Brace's fault," she said in the most nnoonoeraed manner. " I was engaged to hlm, aa you know, and I really did love him &t; firet. Barry wanted me to marry him; Sir Dlgby offered to make me Lady Oardell, but I kept to my en >ent with the man I loved. And how 1 repay that love T" she said In a voloe of hatred. "By betraying me with a little reptile of a ohonu girl. Tea, when he was engaged to me, he could go with another woman—with a gattar-gfri. He gave me anoh a one fer my rival. The wretch r She drew a long breath, and struck bard at the side of the beat. I did not say a word, but listened horror-struck to the story she was so calmly relating, "1 found him out/' she resumed. In a quieter tone, "and taxed him with his perfidy. He lied over it, and then laughed —yes I he langhed at me. All my love lor him died when he langhed. I hated hlm from the moment, and then and there determined to break off the engagement with hlm, and marry Sir Digby Cardell, I told Barry eo." •'And what did he asy V "Went to the other extreme. He had refused to tell Bruce the truth ao as to keep him from me. When I spoke, he resolved to reinstate Braoe in his birthright, and rob Sir Dlgby of title and wealth so I should not marry him." "Ah I He played both rides aa usual." " Tea; and between the twe stools he oame to the ground. I was determined that Sir Dlgby should lose nothing, so I made np my mind to kill Barry," " Miss Erskine I" "Ton are shocked; I oan tell by the tone of your voioe," sihe said ooolly; " but I waa In earnest. I am half a gipsy, and therefore half a savage. Scratoh the Gorgio akin, and you find a Romany in my case. I hated Barry for the way in whloh he persecuted me; I hated Brnoe for having deceived me." " And you loved Cardell 1" "No, I did not 1 I do not now. I simply marry him for his position, and I have no doubt I'll make quite as good a wife as it 1 adored him like a school-girl. It was I who told Barry that the anarchists had decided to kill him, and had appointed Braoe to cany ont the sentence, I told him on that evening he spoke in Hyde Park; and before he oould see Brnoe, er the Society, I stabbed him in my disguise." Ton were d'sgalsed as Bruoef "To perfection. On the plea that i wanted the dress for the stage, I got Braoe to introduoe me to his tailor, and there i was fitted for tills suit, a kind which Bruoe often wore in the evening. I made up my faoe like that of Bruce ; I am above the ordinary stature of woman, and in the twi light of that evening I passed easily for the man I feigned to be. After stabbing Bruoe, 1 leaped down and saved myself by mingling with the crowd. The change to my own dress secured my safety." " Bnt your mother I" "I induced her to be present, and she oame forward in case Barry might reveal tiie legltimaoy ef Brace when he reoovered, and so spoil all. She took charge ot him when he tainted, and carried him to his lodgings. There ahe looked after him, and tound he was only suffering from a trilling wound. Te cure hlm, she removed Hw to Canute Villa." " And seemed the oertifioate at the same time!' 1 •'Tea," replied Adelaide ooolly, "not that tiineinsmuohneed. Barry thought Brnoe had tried to kill hlm, and he was bent on vengeanoe against him. He swore he wonld never tell him, and it was Barry himself, Dr. Fairfax, who burnt the oertifioate/ •'Oh! it Is burnt then f "T«j Barry soon got well at Canute Villa, but lay m hiding there, as he still be ilevod that the anarohlsts wished him dead. To punish them, he warned the Government of their plot, and had they known he waa alive he oertalnly would have been killed by -"I understand; bnt Braoe J" "Oh! he followed me down to Manxby, and swore that it waa not he who had killed Barry. He also remained in hiding at Mrs Gib's under the name of Otaioger, knowing that the ansrohlsts wonld dispose ot him for—as they thought—having slain their beat man." " And yen did net teU him Barry was alive!' "No; I waa resolved to let the matter work Itself out. Mother communicated with Barry's brother, and we hoped to get him out of tile country withont his telling Bruoe that he was the heir. All went well tiUone night, when, as Bsrry told you, he followed Bruoe and killed hlm. It was Brace's own fault. I knew Barry was vengeful, and I went to want him several times, as yon know, that he might be kllledi" "ByBarry!" No, no j by the anarohlstB; how stupid you are! I kept qniot about Barry for my own purposes," she said, with marked Impatience. "But you know the troth now/ " Tea; and a very terrible truth it is," J said sadly. " Did you know that Bury In. tended tokOl Bruce!" " I did not. No one was m:re surprised than I at the murder. Of oourse, Barry told as alL I knew what you were after; when you came to Manxby, and I set myself to thwart yen till Barry should have left England. I managed It, you aee." "And as a reward of theseorimes,you are to be Lidy Csrdell." lam! —— . Bah! . What .. does UW9 it II matter? UH1M I Barry was a fool; Braoe a scoundrel. I have no qualms of oonsdenoe, I can assure yen. And, after all," ahe added, laughing," I """ not kill any one." "M^ssE^skine, , said I solemnly, " as sure *al sit here you were responsible for the crime of Birry and for his exile, Ton lied, and flattered, and deceived. The whole tragedy waa ot your making. I wonder you are not afraid of being punched." "By the law I" "No, Mlas Erskine; by God." At this moment the boat touched land, and before I knew what ahe was about, she leaped out and ran up the beach. Whether my last words tonched or awed ber, I cannot say. I have- not seen her since that -'iht. ibe whole sordid tragedy—for It was 1 sordid, considering the stake—disgusted me with dvilisatien. I left Manxby next morning after aaying good-bye to Graoe. I left England the day after, and started tar South Amnrioa wife * friend to explore the Andes, I bad now ample means fer a single man, and I oould afford to Indulge myself so tar. When I oame back to E ogund in nine months, I heard all the news concerning those connected with the 'Liu Jane affair. Adelaide attained her wlah, and received the reward of her crimes! She left tbe stage aud beoame Lady Cardell. With her clear brain, and good looks, ahe is now one of the most popular women in London, and is adored by her weak-minded husband. She makes an excellent wife, they say, and dedans that ahe is happy; it so sbe must have forgotten a great deal; but I wonder what Society wonld say If her true history wen known! Graoe married May Cardell, and is now living on his estate In Berkshire. Neither be nor his wife have anything to do with father er stepmother ; they knew too mnob of her for that. Tet another marriage—Ben Lin to Magsey Tyke. I saw them on my last visit to Manxby, and very happy they are 1 The only sorrow of Magsey's life is that Adelaide will net oome near them. "She hatea Manxby, you knew," explained Hra Lun, " and wont go near The Monastery. I believe she wants Sir Dlgby to sell It, but he won't io ao. . She won't come over to see mother, who lives at Canute Villa. Poor mother 1'' ahe sighed. " how angry she was at being put In prison! She got a month for obstructing the polioe, you know." « And aQ for Barry's sake," add I sententiously. "Whereis he new, DootorT Have yon heard!" "He is rupnlng lor (he Presidency ot a Central American Republic," add I, smiling. "I have lately heard from Captain Jim, and he thinks Gyrus wiU get in. If he does, there will be trouble in the Isthmus. Cyras Is still ambitious, and no doubt be has quite forgotten his lesson here." "Ah, well," sighed Magsey, "I never think of it now. Igot Ben to break np the 'Liza Jane, for I never oould bear to look on the boat that oarried the carpet of poor Mr Brace, I'm happy now 'oept when I tfelnk of faim. Ben's a good hnsband, and has improved me wonderful. I don't talk Cockney new, dr, do I ?" "No; you speak cipltdly," I replied, laughing " And you, Dootor. What do yon Intend to del" "Go on the trail again, Magsey. To marrow I leave for Australia, then for Lima viA Frisco, and. there I may tall in with Captain Jim," " And with Cyrus Barry !" "No; I'll keep olear ef him; he has been enough trouble to me already." I write these last lines on board an outward liner. As the story began In the Channel, ao it ends there, and £ have bat to go on deok and look backward to fanoy that I aee the 'Liza Jane drifting—drifting —with the dead body of Bruce tied therein! I hope I ahall never aee euah a spectacle again, I am not fond of horrors, and one sensation of that kind Is enough In a lifetime. 