What Their Lives Brought, \--- AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. Br LIONEL HAWKE. (All Riglhts .Reserved.) CHAPTER XIV.-(Continued.) 'It's the last evening we shall spend together until Thursday morning, Arthur, and I wish you'd talk a lot to me to-night. I was partly shocked at tea time when I saw how grave your face was sometimes. What are you so serious about?' Myra said, taking hold of his ear, and darting into a mad career of speech. 'I feel serious about the idea of taking an impudent young hussy like you upon my shoulders,' he replied, brightening up at once. 'I'm sure it wouldn't tire you a bit if I were to reside on your shoulders,' she said, patting his back and giving it little thumps. 'I'm only eight stone and five feet one, and you are nearly thirteen stone, and thirteen inches taller than I am; and aunt re proved me the other day and said that I ought to assume a demeanour of more gravity, considering the awful responsibility of becoming a wife. And she said a lot more, and I didn't mind her a bit.' 'It was waste of breath, pigeon, to utter the last sentence,' Arthur re marked. ' ow, listen to me, sir ! I reasoned with. myself the other day, and rea soned, and reasoned hard; and I came to the conclusion that when people love each other they ought to get married to each other as soon as ever they can, and be happy ever after. Don't you quite and altogether agree with your wise little Myra, darling?' she said, with the accustomed nose-rubbing against his cheek. Arthur suddenly pressed his hand against his breast, and gasped for breath. 'Arthur! My angel! Oh, what's the matter ?' she almost shrieked, in an agonised voice. 'Nothing much. Only the ideas, first, of your reasoning, then, of your coming to a conclusion, and finally, of your being wise, were too much for me,' he said, in a faint voice. 'You wicked boy!' she faltered, greatly relieved, but still trembling. 'Your conduct is perfectly sickening ! And so is mother's,' she added, going off at a tangent. '*Your mother's! May I inquire wherein she has offended?' Arthur said. 'As sure as fate, Arthur,' Myra said, with much solemnity, 'she and the doctor are fond of one another. Once I only thought so, but now I'm sure of it. Fancy an old bachelor and an old widow getting married ! It's perfectly sickening. I used to think it sickening, too, for aunt to be in love. But now I've got used to it, and think it nice.' ' Your aunt ought to feel deeply in debted to you, I am sure. You should at once tell her of your ap proval, in order to keep her spirits up. May I ask whether there's any thing else sickening?' ' Yes; grandfather's four new thermometers,' said Myra, promptly. 'He has one in his bedroom, one in the verandah, one in the dining room, and another in the drawing room, besides the old one in the hall. and he records the maximum readings and the minimum, and sometimes makes me help him, until I hate the eight of them.' 'Poor things!' Arthur said, sor rowfully. Here Myra jumped off his knees, and then reseated herself more com fortably upon them. 'Since he bought them I feel the heat twice as much as I did,' she said, indignantly. 'Here we are in March, and the days are as hot as ever. I know its non sense, you know, but I can't get over the idea that the horrid thermometers are the cause of it, somehow.' 'Explain, if you please,' Arthur said, with a great show of interest. 'Well, yesterday was Sunday, you remember, and I was in the drawing room showing Jinny M'Donald and Katie Millwood the last lovely rings and things you gave me, and we didn't feel a bit hot until grandfather called out for me to say what the thermometer read, and when I looked and told him ninety-two and a half, we all suddenly felt roasting.' 'If you roast at ninety-two and a half, Miss, what will you not do when we are in the Red Sea, on our trip to Europe?' Arthur asked her. She thumped his back. 'TYou've forgotten your geography, you igno rant boy,' she said, reprovingly. The Red Sea is in the northern hemi sphere; and the seasons there are all at the wrong time of the year. April is only a spring month there, and will be nice and cool. The idea of Christmas time being cold and frosty anywhere - isn't it comical! I wouldn't live there for worlds.' 'It is highly probable that you will have to live there for some years with out worlds, except you wish to exist as a kind of widow,' Arthur told her. 'We are going to put the mine on the London market, and I have been asked to be one of the directors.' 'A widow!' Myra repeated, a sud den thought striking her. 'Fancy being a widow! Fancy your not being with me! Oh! Arthur, my darling, best of dears, if you ever tire of me and hate me, I shall kill myself, and let you see me die. And then you will take me in your arms, and I shall die happy! Oh, dear! I can never live away from you any more!' And, all at once, she laid her head on his shoulder, and sobbed so much, and so long, that he .began to feel quite concerned about her. Whereupon a happy thought struck him, and he took her in his arms, like a baby, and walked up and down with her, and re peated the nursery rhyme "Hush-a by-baby " so ludicrously that she soon laughed, and became calm again. Then he set her down, and insisted upon her returning with him to sit with Mr. and Mrs. Strangways-much to her indig nation. But she obeyed him; and finally, they all spent a very happy evening. OHAPTER XV. On the following morning, which was Tuesday-the weddings were to take place on Thursday-the party of four returned to Calooga, in the drag, for the purpose of giving the four horses their spin. The party were all in high spirits; when they got a sur prise which was, by no means, agree able, at least to Julia and Myra. This was no less than Joe, sullenly trudg ing along, towards Bywong, with his swag on his back, and his billy in his hand. Now, Joe, who had been hanging about that district: for nearly half a century, was known to almost every man, woman, and child, within a radius of fifty or sixty miles: so that his beat was from a hundred to a hundred and twenty miles in diameter, whereof Bywong was about the centre. He had served his apprenticeship, in England, as a pastry-cook; after which, he had become a sailor, and finally, captain's cook. His talent for cookery of all kinds was rare; and his services were always in great demand, especially, during festivities at the various stations, in his district. Arthur and his uncle had often let him out, as it were, on special occasions, and put up with a substitute. When not employed by them, he used to wander, from one station to another, stayingas long as he pleased, and always welcomed by the squatters and their wives, most of whom know him in their childhood. Many a harried mistress of a cookless homestead was made a joyful woman, at the sight of Joe's grim face, about sundown, as he threw his sway down, and entered the kitchen, hat in hand; for she knew he would stay there, until a cook, of some sort, could be obtained. And, the mourning of that house would be turned into joy, during his visit. He had been at Calooga, for the last few days, with two borrowed cooks, beneath his swag, both being men; for, he absolutely refused to have women, probably, because being a man-he could not abuse them to his satisfaction. Kitchen maids did not count; for, when he was busy, he hardly condescended to notice them. One of these cooks knew him; and deferred to him, of course. The other was a new comer to the district; and was yet to be broken in. And, it was during the noise necessary to this operation, that Mr. Orme ventured to request Joe to moderate his tone. This indignity, Joe immedi ately resented, by secretely leaving the house. When the drag reached him, Theodore pulled up : and Arthur cried to Joe to jump up, saying that he wanted to speak to him. This Joe did, as indeed he would have done a deal to please 'Master' Arthur. 'Get him to come back for heaven's sake, or mother will go out of her mind,' Myra whispered. And Arthur, after hearing Joe's confused account of the breaking in and of Mr. Orme's rebuke, pacified him, and finally got his consent to return to the kitchen, much to the relief of his hearers. 'I'll cook up to the breakfast on Thursday, and then my work's done, sir. I'm a'most heartbroke already with the two puddin' heads they've put to help me. The Lord deliver us from 'em, 'specially Sam!' was Joe's announcement. Now, the noise in the kitchen arose thus: Sam, the new comer, did not from the first take Joe's fancy. He was a rather flashy Sydney man who had never worked out of the city be fore, and wore a gold ring on each hand. He had started, still ringed, to make some pastry, when Joe said 'Take them rings off. Brass an' glass is bad for the innards.' 'Never you mind my rings,' was the reply, which Joe affected not to hear. By and by, seeing Sam about to mix some baking powder with flour, Joe snatched up the tin and put the lid on it.. 'Lord preserve us! What the blazes are you a doin' of!' he said, indignantly. ' I'm puttin' in some bakin' powder, to make it rise,' was the surprised reply. 'If proper paste can't be rose by you without spoilin' of it with cabi nated sodar an' tantaric acid, you'd best leave it to me,' Joe returned, eyeing him sternly. 'An' you call yourself a cook! The Lord deliver us from evil,' he piously added. 'There's some men as 'll call them selves anythink!' 'But I've always used it, Joe,' said Sam, still much surprised. . Ay, ay,' said Joe, with a look of pity mingled with scorn. 'When lust I see the brass on your hands, an' the grease on your hair, though it was a'most dark and just dust like, I thought, thinks I, he's out o' one o' them there penny pie shops, where they uses damaged flour and condemned tallow. Poor cretur!' Joe, out of his element, and confused with city ways and noises, might be defeated, even by a railway guard; but in his own district, and amidst his accustomed surround ings, he was invincible. Jack, the broken-in cook, now en deavoured to pour oil on the troubled waters, and called out, ' WVhy didn't you make the weddin' cakes yourself, Joe, and not let them send to Sydney for them? you'd a-made them grand.' 'I see a fool, ready-made grand,' was Joe's chilling rebuke. 'I've bin ini this here house only a few days, an' a proper weddin' cake 'll take weeks an' weeks to ripen. The Lord help you !' Here Jack filled a cup at the water tap, and drank it eagerly. 'I've been awful dry ever since mornin',' he re marked. 'I knowed you would be, when I see you ablowin' of yourself out with all that fish at breakfast,' said Joe, with judicial calmness. 'But it wasn't salt. It was fresh fish, Joe,' the other explained. ' An' don't you know, at your time o' life,' that fish always wants water, whether they're freshi or salt?' asked Joe, somewhat contemptuously. ' Who says so ?' Sam inquired, in a tone of doubt, savouring of disobe dience. Ho was now engaged in breaking up some dozens of eggs to be beaten up. 'It's me as saya so !' returned Joe, with defiance in his eye, and glaring at his rebellious assistant, who there upon began whistling disdainfully. A minute or two after this Joe began to sniff, with suspicious vio lence, and finally went- over and put his nose to the vessel which contained the broken up eggs. An exceedingly faint, yet unpleasant, odour of stale eggs issued from it. ' My gawd! You've bin an' gawn an' done it. What's the smell ?' he cried, in horror. 'There's no smell here but the smell o' your own breath,' the other replied sulkily. Joe, in dread silence, snatched up the vessel and hurled its contents into the sink. Then he turned upon the offender and spoke as follows, the stronger expressions being here unre corded :-' There's more smell in the white o' your eye than ever was in my whole body! You're enough to make a dawg faint if you coughed to wind'ard of him! Even if yod was froze an' squoze into a lump o' hice, you'd be no sweeter nor a flyin' fox in a fever !. Lord bless us, an' save us ! To think that a animal like you--' It was here that Mr. Orme had come to the kitchen door, and requested Joe to moderate his tone. And it may now be stated that before the eventful Thursday came round Sam was well handled, if not completely broken in. The day before the weddings about twenty visitors arrived at Calooga, who were to stay all night. For, in order to catch the mail train to Sydney, the weddings had to take place at 8 o'clock in the morning. About twenty visitors also stayed at Bywong for the night, and about the same number lived near enough-that is, within ten or fifteen miles-to drive over to the breakfast in the morning. The two drawing-rooms, thrown into one, had to be used as the breakfast room. Joe, with his assistants and the kitchen maids, had sat up, or rather, worked all the night. And, upon the break fast being laid at five minutes to eight, Joe, who, foi the sake of 'Master' Arthur, had surpassed all previous efforts, cast off all responsibility, and refreshed himself abundantly with teacupfuls of wine from the cask, for he had permission to use it. Being accustomed to very much stronger liquors, he did not think it would affect him. But it did, and in an hour or so he was fast asleep in the cellar, with a lot of rice, which he intended to throw over ' Master' Arthur and Miss Myra, spilled over him. At a quarter to eight the Bywong drag had arrived, and by half-past eight the brides-elect were ready-a wonderful thing for an eight o'clock appointment. They both looked ex ceedingly pretty, Julia being simply beautiful. She was very grave, although she.pressed Theodore's arm when he offered it to her, and smiled sweetly up at his handsome face. Poor little Myra was very nervous, and leaned heavily on Arthur's arm, moving as if she were half blind and would stumble without that support. The drawing rooms being already in use, and no other room being large enough to hold the company, the clergyman, who had arrived the even ing before, had placed a small table as an altar at the hall door. The spectators stood on the verandah and in the garden. And thus the marriage took place almost in the open air. Both brides got through their parts very quietly, even Jinny M'Donald, who was one of Myra's bridesmaids, looking preternaturally solemn, al though allowing nothing to escape her observation. When the party was seated at the breakfast, it was lound that there was no room for several of the gentlemen. Whereupon Miss Jinny, leaving her place, for the ostensible purpose of giving it to her uncle, mut tered 'to another bridesmaid of her own age that she didn't want to sit with a pack of women and girls, and was, with difficulty, per sunded to resume her seat. The usual toasts being given and responded to, the brides retired to dress for their journey, and then the rest of the gen tlemen eat down to what, in fact, was a genuine breakfast for everybody. At ten o'clock the drag was brought round. Anid then the partings took place, and the rice and flowers were thrown, among tears and cheers. The men sprang from the horses' heads, Theodore cracked his whip, and in a few minutes Julia and Myra's waving handkerchiefs were invisible, and the drag and horses were swallowed up in the distance. About three months after this the doctor, in one of his letters to his old friend Hayley, said' that he had been earning a fair amount of money by the practice of his profession ever since his return to Calooga, and that Mr. Orme had settled the run upon his 'daughter Annie. That under Mr. Johns' good manage ment it was bringing in con siderably more than a thousand a year; and finally, that he and Mrs. Winton were tp be married shortly and go for a European tour. 'The fact is,' the doctor wrote, 'that the science of medicine, as we know it, is doomed-if it ever was a science, and if anybody ever did know it! It will die hard, among outsiders, as hard as astrology did. But it will die at last, though its ghost will haunt the world for centuries to come.' 'I should like to stay abroad at least twelve months, working at bac teriology, and then return to Sydney, doing a little in consultation work and a great dealin research. Annie sends her kindest love to you, and sincerely hopes you can spare time to run up and be my best man. But I am afraid that so much luck is not in store for me, old fellow.' TILE END. 