THE MERCURY. HOBART: TUESDAY, DEO. 8S, 1896. -. i » EPITOME OF NEWS. , Bxcellent resulta obtained at recent ex- aminations Hobart Technical School. Annual meeting Hobart" Garrison Rifle Club this evening. Entries for New Norfolk regatta close to- day. Commemoration Day of University of Tasmania at Town-hall this afternoon. Early Closing Association «acred concert, Christmas night, in the Temperance- hall. Choral .Society concert fixed for Christmas night postponed. Incomo tax appeals before the Supremo Court fixed for the 12th prox. The Loyal Soutborn Star Lodge of Odd- fellows meeta this evonlng to elect officer», doctora, dolegatoa, etc. Notice of motion has beon tabled in the Launceston City Council in favour of amal- gamating tlio Council and the Marine Board. Hon. H. Lamb, M.L.O.. oloctod chairman of the Technical School Committee for ensuing year. Customs returns for week ending Decombor 19 !-Hobart, £3,243 Oa. 7d ; Launceston, £2.674 5s. Public meeting at St. Helen's last evening approved of Mr. J. G. Davies os a fit and Èroper person to represent the district in the louse of Auembly. __. ._._.... x,?.,.._" Silver quotation, 29Jd. Austro-Gorman Antarctic expedition leaves Melbourne next Hummer for Victoria Land. Khalifa activoly preparing for another tussle with his British invaders. Brozil doclines to rocogniao Cuba as a belligerent Power. . ,, , , Station'owner ahot dead by a black In Northern Qnoonaland. ..,,-. War apirit rampant in Madrid. Intonso bltternoaa of feeling aeainat America. I Royal Commission appointed to report on Weat India sugar industry._ Eight Barcelona anarchiste condemned to i death. . , , , Rinderpest becoming less virulent in Africa. Half-a-mlllion Indian natives now em- ployed on roliof works. Coolgardie mining mau named Edwin Izod has suicided at Brighton, England. Extensive fire at Narrandera, Now South Wales, on Monday morning. Napier resident named Bright Cooper seized by shark whilo bathing, and bitton to death. Drought continues in Northern Queens laud, and mortality among cattle la increas- ing. First batch of,' Italians relonsod from captivity in Abyssinia warmly welcomed at Ziola. Emperor William h»a ordered re-oponln? of Inquiry in the Bruawitz '"code of honour " case. Profeaaor^Davidson dcclinoa appointment aa Modorator of Free Church of Scotland on account of ill-health. Fronch Chamber of Doputios have «helved a resolution in favour of international dis- armament. Trial of Pearson's turbine screw has shown that a veaaol can be easily driven 29 knots per nour. Bomb explosion in a chemist's shop in Caseína killed five persons and injured six others. Awfully sudden death of a bicyclist near Sydney on|Sunday. He fell dead from his machine. Attorney-Gonoral of New "South wales makos a holiday trip through Tasmania and New Zealand. American House of Representatives in- clined to smother the resolutions of Foreign Committeo favouring Cuban autonomy. Premiers of Now South Wales nnd Victoria concur in selecting January 26 (Anniversary Day) as date for nomination of candidates for Federal Convention. Spanish Premier trusts to the wisdom of the Amorican President and Secretary of State and strong Tory Instincts to avert any breach of international amity on the Cuban question._ COUNT BENEDETTI, who was ambassador to Prussia at the period when the incidents occurred which led to the war, has written a book, in which he has told some truths that history will take full account of in due time. In the first place, he disposes of the Bistnarckian myth. He shows, clearly enough, although not actually setting himself the task of doing so, that the real cause of the war was the mad- ness of NAPOLEON III., possibly helped by the silly desire of the Empress EUOENIB to show how very clover she was. NAPOLEON was, no doubt, quite right when he declared that he had been betrayed, because he was grossly deceived by his generals as to the condition of his army, and as to the state of preparation to which the German army had attained. He was also deceived as to the attitude of the southern Germans, who were supposed to be ready to act against Prussia, and he was, to a certain extent, betrayed by Austria, which was to have made a diversion when the French army had established itself in Prussia. However, as the French army never succeeded in getting into Germany at all, Austria can plead that the French did not perform their part of the bargain, and, no doubt, in due time the whole question will be fully discussed in histories that are yet to be written. In the meanwhile, we, our- selves, bave a very keen interest in the results of that war, for they are affecting the populations of the world to-day, and lie at the bottom of many, if not of most, of the questions now being discussed in con- nection with what are called foreign affairs, and notably in connection with that Oriental Question which lias so moved the people of Great Britain. , Were there a true concert of the Powers it is possible that this question could be settled in an effectual manner without much further Joss of time, but that concert is so delicate and so doubtful that no one, not even the most experienced diplo- matists, can say what its extent and value are. This, it is well to remark, fulfils the diagnosis of the situation which Count BENEDETTI has made. He sees all the daugers resulting from the policy of Germany in seizing the provinces, and strives to throw the blame on that Power, which has converted Europe into a camp ever-growing in the number of armed men therein, and in the elaborate ?materials of war that are got together, and renewed year after year as inven- tion renders the 'actual weapons ¡obsolete., To all this there appears to be no end. . t COUNT BENEDETTI ousts the blame on Germany, we need not ask whether rightly or wrongly, but we must admit that he has summed up ,the position of affairs with absolute .correctness. He asks, ? " have peace ,and prosperity prevailed in Germany?" He answers no,, and says :-" The Suabian and, even more ' so, ,the Pomeranian peasants emigrate, to escape the benefits of Prince BISMARCK'S policy. The heavy taxes, the necessity of concluding alliances, of remaining . under, arms, either on the western or northern frontier, show that' the adviser, of one mind with the Sovereign, has inaugu- rated a period of heavy burdens and protracted anxiety ; that together they cast the country on the road to ruin or gigantic struggles ; unless the menace of another scourge, social warfare, constrains the various govern- ments to arrive at an understanding guaranteeing a new period of appease- ment and concord to the people." This'is, no doubt, all very true as a desciiption of the actual state of affairs, it does, perhaps, show all the troubles that arise from it, but we must decline to admit that all the fault lies with Germany, and that France is blameless in the matter. She not only forced on the war, but refuses to accept its consequences. She has but to frankly and fairly renounce her revanche and admit that the provinces are gone from her, and there can be a relaxation of the tension to-morrow. But, this is the one thing that France will not do. But, if the case is bad for Germiiny, about which there can be no doubt, it is no better for France. She persists in the raco of armaments, makes the pace, in fact ; and yet she strives to get tlio world to believe that Germany is alone to blame. A recent traveller through France, who appears to be a Belgian, who went to Paris to witness. the ceremonies in connection with the reception of tho CZAR OF RUSSIA, has published an account of what he saw iii rural districts of that country, which fully confirms what has been stated in these columns at various times. He noticed that the villages show Bigus of decay, that there are many empty houses, that ' the adult population has de- serted tho couutry, and that there is general depression. Ho saw that the agriculturists who were re- garded as well off live in a very poor manner, being both badly fed and badly housed. Their staple food is bread and cheese, and their drink water barely coloured with wine. He re- marked, too, the insanitary coudition of most of the houses, whilst the pro- portion of laud not in cultivation was very large. In the Eastern depart- ments, be remarks, numerous bands of wolves bave appeared of late, owing to the decrease in the population, though these departments were at one time most fertile. In this be con- firms what has been said in the agri- cultural journals as to the exodus of the young population to the towns, and as to the general depression of the agricultural interest in almost every part of France. The writer attributes, in the first place, this state of atfairs to tbe mili- tary system, which drags off year after year the young men to the barracks. After having gone through their time of service as soldiers, and after having tasted the pleasures and joined in the dissipations of a city life, they are not disposed to go back to country work, and so agriculture is neglected and the land goes out of cultivation. The writer adds, however, that the system of Protection has something to answer for as well, as it imposes burdens on the country districts which they aro unable to bear. Indeed, iç has been evident in France for a long time past, that while there is a constant demand for more Protection, the agri- cultural interest is in a state of decay, a fact which may well be considered by those persons in England who think that a return to an exploded system would prove a remedy for the troubles of the farmers. Apart, however, from any fiscal policy, the fact is evident that the very life-blood of both Germany and Franco is being drained to sustain a rivalry in armamor.ts, which rivalry reacts on other nations, and drags the whole of Europe down with the weight that has to bo sus- tained. But, look at it how we may, we cannot lay the blame of this state of affairs at the door of Germany any more than of France, for the latter made the war, and persists in refusing to abide by results. The whole trouble arises from the refusal of France to accept the position, for everyone knows that if Germany relaxed her vigilance she would lose the provinces which she won at the cost of so much blood and treasure. IT is very instructive to note that the notion that lies at the baso of the caso for the referendum, stands discredited whenever a capable politician or his- torian has to touch upon that or cognate subjects. To the ordinary mind, the mind which has never been widened by inquiry or the study of history, nothing seems to be plair*>r than that some mode of settling till differences out of hand is desirable The framers of Constitutions, like tho Abbó Sioyes so famous in his day, generally introduce something of this kind, in order to make their Constitu- tions symmetrical and perfect-on paper. There is only one drawback to these Constitutions, which is that they will not work, so that it has become an axiom that it exceeds the power oí tho human mind to frame a Constitution which shall work successfully without many and seiious changes as the result of practical experience. This axiom was laid down by a Frenchman, who had before his eyes the many attempts at Constitution making in his own country, each of which had been framed on the plan of providing for all emer- gencies, and leaving nothing for the good-sense of legislators or for com- promise. These Constitutions, as we know, never did work, and so chango followed upon chango, until a military rule produced peace at last, such us it was. In a recent spepch, a speech which has been favourably commented upon in papers of all shades of politics, Lord Dufferin dwelt on this distinc- tion between the political methods of the Anglo-Saxon and the Latin races, a distinction which' lies at the base of our political system. Referring to the proposal for an arbi- tration agreement between Great Britain and the United States, he said :-" As was sure to be the case, it is, in the bosom of the Anglo-Saxon rape that this suggestion has gor .minated, thanks to nhatl may caliils preference for the rule of thumb. The traine of mind prevalent amongst tho Latin nations _ impels them, in spite of all considerations of prudence, to drive everything to its extreme and logical conclusions ; but the spirit ., of com- promise and of give-and-take is of the very essence of our own daily life, of our private AS our political trans- actions ; and if anything ptacticul in 'the direction I have indicated is to bo elaborated, I sincerely trust that America and ourselves may have the fust honour of the invention." The spii it of compromise, it will be been, is described as of the very essence of our political life, yet our sagacious poli- ticians propose to inaugurate another system, from which that essence shall be carefully excluded. The force of folly could not much further go, whilst the absolute want of knowledge shown in the arguments used in support of the proposed change, is something to awake our special wonder. The con- stitutional school-muster is, certainly, not abroad._ A conoLLAKY to the referendum is the demand for direct legislation by the people, which is to be put forward in the new programme of the Labour Party in New South Wales. The same demand has been made many times before, especially on the Continent of Europe, and it used to find much favour in the eyes of the English democrats in those days when they looked to France as a'guide, and used to sing an English version of the Marseillaise at the close of their meetings. In those days there was some excuse for all this, as tjio franchise was restricted, and there was, to a certain extent, an _ab snnco of recognition of the jubt claims of labour. At present, how- ever, these ideas are abandoned by most reformers, and we should say that in France even there could bp found very few who would now support the idea that a great] nation can legislate to any iibu ful extent by _ means of public meetings. This is managed in one or two of the small Cantons of Swit/et land, where the adult mules meet once a year and revise the laws, hub tlic number of voters is very small, tim matters dealt witli are purely local, and the people are remarkable for their conservative and steady character Still, it must be granted, that if the people are to vote directly on disputed points, there ia no good reason why they should not voto directly on all legislation, since the assumption is, that they aro compotonb to decido at once, and that compromises and discus- sions aro only a waste of time. Thus, it scorns to us that the Labour Party in New South Wales will be somewhat dillicult to answer by thoso who favour tlio referendum, since if wo once admit that legislation by the direct vote of the people isdosirablo, there is no good reason why it should be limited to a particular case. Then, as there is to be woman's suffrage in the future, and political questions aro to be put directly to the people in public mooting assembled, wo may look to bo cditied by the results. Following this up, there appears to bo no sound reason why Ministers should not be elected in the samo fabhion, to which we may add elective judges and other officers, for which wo have a precedent in the United States. Truly, we sholl havo a highly edifying state of afiairs if one half the tilings proposed aro carried out. A ciiiEAT deal is said at times about the export of wheat from these colonies, but, as a matter of fact, all the wheat that they have to send away has practically no effect on the markets of tho world. Australasia ranks sixth amongst the wheat-exporting countries, and only supplies, at best, one- thirtieth of the demand, so that she is practi- cally of no account in the general reckoning. Great Britain is the largest importer of wheat amongst the nations, her annual demand amounting to over 173 millions of bushels, which is more than five times the quantity im- ported by any other country. Austria comes next with au annual import of some 30 millions of bushels, fol- lowed in order by Germany, Italy, Belgium, and Franco. Now, it is to bo noted that all these countries have heavy import duties on wheat, so that the people must pay a very considerabl increased price for all they consume. Amongst tho exporting countries the United States stand a long way firs.t, for their annual export of wheat amounts to nearly 100 millions of bushels, whereas Russia exports only 94 millions, the Argentine^ Republic 45 millions, Hungary, 42 millions, Rou mania lu millions, Australasia some 12 millions, and India not mucli more than 8 millions of bushels. These are the figures for the year 1894-0, which appear to be the latest available. If we are to accept tho statistics given, it is hard to seo how these colonies can make much out of wheat exportation, especially when we know that the price in Eng- land hits ranged exceedingly low for a long time past. Taking the average prices in the beginning of each year, it appears that the value of the wheat crops has varied considerably in all the colonies, in some cases having been so low as to make us wonder that it is cultivated at all. Thus, in 1895 the value of the wheat crop in Victoria was set down at 13s. Ga. per acre, in Now South Wales at £1 4s. (3d. per acre, and id South Australia at no moro than Ss, per acre. This was a year of low average yields, but even in moro fovourable years, with a few excep- tions, the general value has been very low. In Victoria the highest value was £2 3s. 2d. per acre, but this was in a \ery favourable season, such'a season as is only recorded once in 10 years. In this season the value in New South Wales was £3 8s. 2d. an acre, but then only very suitable land was under this crop. _ THE CimiSTHAS " MAIL."-The Christmaa issue of The. Tasmanian Mail is a gratifying auoooaa. Disappointment has naturally boen causod by delay in arrival of the colourod s ipplement, but people as a rule are recog- nising that, apart from this altogether, the holiday numbor of tho popular 1'aamanian weekly ia well worthy their support. For 61\. U is still marvellously ohe*p, with such a high standard of litorary and pictorial ox oollonoe to boaat of, the eight pagoa of art competition illustrations coming in for general expressions of delight, while overy one roada Miss Andrews' Weet Coast story with pleasure, the only complaint, if any is heard, hoing the wish that there was moro of it. The temperance story, " A Christmas Awakening," ia also felt to be in full keep- ing with the spirit of tho festivo season, looked at in its boat and healthieat sense, while tho staff of poets havo in their con- tributions quito surpassed their usual skilled rhymings. Tho piotorial supple- ments are expeoted this wook, when all purohaeora of the holiday issuo will bo entitled to one. A numbor of orders for tho Christmaa number aro being kept back for the arrival of this supplement, and will be sent to tho purchasers as soon us they aro rendered oompleto by tbo addition ot "Mother's Darlings." As tho edition ia going off well people will be wiso to buy or order what ooplea they want at once, rely- ing on tbo certainty of eventually getting their coloured pioturea with, at any rate, only a day of two to wait for it. XMAS NOMHEU OF "TASMANIAN MAIL." -We regret tho annoyauco and ¡noon vonienco caused through our London agonta shipping tho coloured supplements for tho Xmas Mail numbor " Hush " (Mother's Darlings) by tho wrong steamer, preventing them being isauod last week. Pu i chasers in procuring Xmas number of The Tasmanian Mail will ploase seo thoy receive with it a coupon, which upon presentation at this office, or to the agent from whom the paper ia procured, will entitle thom to a copy of tho pictorial supplement on its arrival, which it ia anticipated will bo tbis week. NAVAL CoNTaimjiioNS TO TUB TASMANIAN MUSEUM.-During the list comnnasion of H.M.S. Penguin Captain Balfour and his officers presented many interesting ethno- logical specimens to the National Museum of Tasmania. Since then all the offioera have' been replaced savo one, Mr. Alox. Wauch, who ia now the navigating officer of tho now commission of tho Penguin, Mr, Waugh has alwayB taken a kindly interest in the Museum, and on every conation on arrival, at Uobart something collected by him has been addod to the collection. This time lie has again brought with him soma ethnolo gioal specimens for the Museum. Mr. Waugh'a kind action will be appreciated, and it is pleasing to notiee that not only doea he take a keen interest in the Tas- manian Museum, but wo find on reference to the Geological Magazine oj London of August laat an intoreating paper by Mr. I W. Watta, M.A., F.G.fr'., and Mr. E. T. Newton, F.R.S., F.G.S.i on a collection of volcanic and sedimentary rooks, which were collected by Mr. Waugh at the Solomon Manda during the yoars of 1S03-5, The first lieutonant of the Penguin, Mr. Dawson, has also promised some apeoimons to the Museum, SHIPS' LOAD LINES.-The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) haa received u com- munication from Hon. O. Turner, Fro- ntier of Vietoria, acknowledging tho receipt of copies of the Tasmanian regu- lations relating to the marking of load linea on ships, and stating that the Marine Board of Viotoria had roaolved that Tas- manian load line oertifioatea should be ceoognised in Viotoria. This information will be conveyed to the Tasmanian Marine Boards by the Treasurer (Sir Philip Fysh). GOKDON ROUTE TO THE WEST.-Mr. Trappes hal prepared his report on his exploration of the oountry between Tyenna and a point on the Gordon near ita junction with the Denison River, and the report and sketch plans will be submitted to the Minister of Lands to-day. Mr. Meredith's remarks on bia recent tr'p will abo be plaoed before the Minister. POLL AT SFBINO BAY.-Tho poll of the ratepayers of the Spring B»y municipality, aa to whether the municipality should be surrendered to the Gorernment or not, is postponed to Wedneaday, December 20. MB. WooLLNonou AT NUBEENA AND KOONYA.-Mr. Woolnough addressed meet inga laat wet k at Nubeena (Mr. G, Clarke chairman), aod ut Koonya (Mr. D. Viciuy chairman). Votes of ojnfidence were unani- mously pjg«cd. i TUB LATH MU. BDTLKU.-Tho funorul of the late Mr. J. J.'Butler, of Brooksby, took place at Brighton on Saturday afternoon, and was largely attoiidod, many friends and acquaintances o' tho deceased coming from comparatively long di-tanoes. Tho funeral arrangements woie carried out with the customary effioimey and decorum by Messr«. A. Claik &Son;, of Ho).art. " WALCHS ALMANAO."-Tho sixpenny cditiou of this universally acceptable annual has been issued, us also the large shoot almanac for 1897. In a day or two "Walch's Red Book " will be ob ainable. W O O D ' 8 ACSTBAI.&8UK SCtl-BAISINO FLonii. Made only from the Finest Parti of Wheat Sold «Teriwa««. I'KNoiiANA Km« UKLIKP FOND.-We I half bo glad to reoeive contributions towards this fund, whioli can bo Beut to this oiOco : Amount nlroady aoknowlcdgod, £4 I. F.Í.C., 10s. 01. James Barnard, £1. KNOLIHH MAILS.-Tho homeward bound mails, which left Tasmania ou the loth ultimo, arrived in London nu the 20th ia stant, per R.M.8. Aroudla. They woro due ou the 22nd idem. ONIVKUSITV OK TASMANIA.- An official announcement is givon for tho last timo in our odvnrtisomont oolumns notifying that 3 o'clock this afternoon is tho hour at whian tho commemoration osroinony is fixed to oominenoo at tho Town- hull. Wo have been rrqucstod to state that all visitors will bo admitted at tho main ontranoo, both to the part willoh is, as naual, open to tho public, and to the part wh^eli haB boori resorved, as was dono last year, for frieuds of candidates and of members of tho University. Mem bora of Senate and graduates of the Uni vcrnlty will hnvo understood that the tickets sent tlum wera for tho udmission of their friends to tho body of tho hall, they thomselvos having been requested, in the notlucs iBBued by tho Regintiar, to take their places in academicals on the platform, to whioh thr-y havo the right of admission. Candidates for oortifioatea and degrees, and mombors of tho Sonata, aro rcquestid to attend at the Town-hall at a quarter to 3. TESTAMENTARY.-The following probates have been issued :-Alexander McGregor to Margaret McGregor, £4 334 ; William Barrett to Thomas William Barrett and George Edward Harrap, £1,521 ; Edmund Wilmore Cartright to Charlotte Louisa Cartwright, £676 ; Maria Strachan Clive Cameron to Sarah Alexandrina Cameron, £370. Cur POLICE Cocni.-Aldormon Q.Hiddle stone and J. Bradley, la.P., presided yester- day, Henry Wrathall, aonviotedof stealing on the 18th inst. ono axe und other artIolerr valuod at 16s., the property of O. E. Marsden, was sent to gaol for two months, Josse Harris, for disturbing tho peace, was sent to prinon for Roven days without the option of a fino. George Warren, for bein? drunk .and iucapablo, was fined 5s. or 48 hours. BuiauTOK POUCH Cocivr.-On 18th inst., hofi.ro the Warden aud Mr. T. Stanfield, Ja.P., Frederick Ghcrkio was found guilty of having permitted a pig to bo at largo in a publio street At Poutville. As this.was the third breach of the same by-law within three weeks defendant was unod 2a. Gd., with 8'. Od, coats. DICKENS' CHRISTMAS CABOL.-A number of ladies and gontlcmon mado up an interesting proi>rammo for an entertain u.out givon in the Town-hull last evening under distinguished patronage, in order to raise eoine monry wih whioh the Beuevolent Sooiety may be able to dispense needed charity with a little moro open hand at this festive season of the yoar than ordinary funds will permit, le wat a commendable objeot.and the effort was therefore supported by A good audience. The wholo of Dickons' Christmas Carol was reoited or read. Mr. J. R. Botts opined with a rooital of the part Introducing Scroogi', his nephow, and Marley'a ap- parition, whioh was a very good feat of memory, whilst tho linoi woro delivered in a manly mannor, Then came Scrooge's interview with M arl«v'a ghost, which was well read by Mr. Alexander Reid, and "The ghost of Christinas past," taken by Mr. C. K. Davies. Mr. John Molntyrn followed with the fourth seotiou-" Tho ghost of Christmas present," which was noarly all recited in excellent Btylç, whilst Mr. Albert Reid very well rend the part of " The gboat of Christmas yet to come," aud Mr. Betts conoluded with the end of it, Scroogo's reformation, which lie also reoitod throughout from memory. Mr. Bradshaw Major opened tho entertainment with an organ rcoital, whioh was uiuoh appreciated. Miss F. Chancellor Bang, "The gift" (liohrend) quito artistically, and was recalled amid hearty appluuso. Miss Dawson pleased the audience by har singing " Sun- shine and rain" (Blumauthal), and being encored added " Annie Laurie." Mr. Mervyn Henry contributed two songs in good style, und Mr, Bradshaw Major an orgua solo. Ho also kindly played tho acoompaui menta throughout tho evening. DAMI'IKH DRAM MHO COMPANY. - This combination has won golden opinions at Zeehan, where tho brief season is now drawing to a close. They havo staged s aorioB of first-olass drain is, and produced each in a stylo that has agreeably uatoniahed tho Zeehan people. Mr. and M ra. Dampier and Miea Lily Dampier aro well supported by a very capable company. On Saturday night thoy gavo half the entire proceed« of tho house to the Penghana Fire Belief Fund. As the Zeehan Herald romarka : " When Mr. Dampier mado the announce- ment on the preceding night it was received with rounds of applauac, us indeed a gener- ous act which, cannot be counted aaea advertisement, for the compiny are not visiting that part of the district. Such un- selfishness deserves ita reward." The com- pany will arrive in Hobart by an early boat from Strahan, in timo to mako all prepara- tions for their first appoarance on Boxing Night." If yon aro thirsty, drink CASCADE DANDE- LION AXE. VST. HETBR'S-UALL.-Thoro was a large at- tendance at tbia^ball last evening when an entertainment was given in aid of the funds for tho annual pionio of the lads attending St. Mary's Sohool. Tho boya rendered several vocal and instrumental ¡terna credit- ably. Irish Jmtice and tho Limerick Bay wore Btagcd, members of the Tasmanian Dramatic and " Merrymakers " Companies assisting, Mr. J. P. MoCann presided at tho piano. Tho entertainment gave unalloyed satisfaction to all present. The Purity of our AKRATKD WATERS is undoubted.-Cascade Co. GAnnisoN SroKTs.-A meeting of the committee is uallcd for to-night at the Drill-yard, Macquarie-street. An attractive programmo haa been arranged, and the oomimttot, who aro workiug hard, hope to be in a position to hand over a goodly euro towards tho purohaso of Instruments for the Garrison Band. Judging by the programme of l8 ovent«, a very intorosting afternoon's amusmnont is in storo for tho citizens of Hobart. It ia oxpeoted that tho naval mea will onter froely for the various sports, They will find full particulars upon the pro- grammes, which will bo circulate! through- out tbo "cot in a day or two. The public, we understand, notwithstanding the many oalls upon thom, are giving very substantial assistance to the oommitteo in thoir laudable vonturo. TAMBO EXCURSIONS.-Tho Î.B. Tambo will run an excursion trip on Saturday (Boxing Day) to Port Esperance Regatta j aud on Monday to Port Cygnet Regatta. THE REOISTEB AND PROPERTY INVESTORS' GUIDE-We havo reoolvod from Mcaar*. Rogers & Son the December number of this publication. It is up tl> tho usual standard of excellence, boing full of useful readable matter und well printed.' Thoro is nothing comea up to our GINGER ALE.-Cascado Co. RESTING.-Mr. C. Holdsworth, manager of tho Union Co,'a steamers in Hobart, hat left for a woll earned holiday, and during hie absonno Mr. Houghton, of Dunedin, will aot as his locum lenens. W o o D 'B AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISINO FLOUR. Tho beat. All Roapoctable Grocers. A PUBLIC PICNIC-Tho Drapers and Grooora Assistants' Early Cloaing Associa- tion havo arranged for two excursions to South Arm on Boxing Day, whore a public pionio will bo held. The s.a. Warrentinna has boon chartered to run two tripa. Ask your Grooer for WOOD'S AUSTRAL- ASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR. Take no other. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM -A telegram ad- dressed M. U Cooroy, care Mra. Verran, 40, Davoy-atreet, awaits a olaimant at Tele- graph Oilier. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISINO FLOUR. TUB OLD FIRM of W". GOLDING le So».are again to the front with a superb Xmas show of rosily flrat-claaa goods, comprising watches, bangles, brooches, ringa, links, studs, etc., of ovory description, in gpld and silver. Also a choice assortment of electro-plate end othor novelties suitable for the festive season. W. G. & SON are offering the above at CASH SAX- PRICES for Christmas, which should induce old customers and tho public generally to oall and inspect before purchasing else- where. Two WONDÜRPW. Hun's.-We believe the I reason why wo see BO many well-dressed men 1 about our fair city, is bocotmo BEST & Co , the popular clothiers, aro offoring their 29«. Gd. Gont's Bluo Bergo finita (imitation Fox/s) for 21B , nnd another really up-to-date lino in Ueut'u Check Twoed Suits marked 3JS. for 22a. Od. This is indeed an ago of bargains. BOOM AND Ruons AT WHOLESALE Pwots. -J. fi. POOL'S Christmas Boot Salo is now going on. Visitors from tho country can save tboir travelling oxpuiiBoa by visiting this great Bale. Single pairs at strictly wholoiato pricos. ,T. K. l-ool buliovoa in «mall prouts and quick roturns. Caah only. POOL'S Boot Paloeo, !)t, Livbrpool-atroot ; nlao at 14a, Livorpool-atroet. 