Brisbane JNorth. Hon. T. J. Byrnes. Mr. J. J. Kingsbury. . 'At the! Exhibition. Tempted by tho announcement of an organ recital by Mr. Soymour Diokcr in tlio coiioort bull nt tho Exhibition building, about 2,600 persons assembled thoro last night, lrafora the heavy rain storm whioli 00m- liioitocd shortly after half-past 7 o'olook. The gallery was reserved tor ladies, and was tilled, and tho jiiatform, to whioli admission was liy tiolcot alono, was packed with lawyoro, solicitors, publicans, imd othors who are known, or sujijioscd to bo, supporters of tho two candidates said to have boon hall- marked by tho Promier, and handed to tho electors by Die Political Association. As is always tlio caso oil tho ovo of 1111 nicotian tiio meeting was full of onthusiusm. Tlio body of Iho liail wils filled witli young sjiarks and working mon who had rolled up. to hour tlio Telegraph abused, and tlioy woro not disappointed. It was tho only fim they laid, ami it was wliou tlio naino of tho Tele graph wan ment ioned from timot.i timoby Mr. T. J. Byrnes tiiut tlioy woro most enthusiastic. Mr. Dicker wus iu grout form and made the orgiui peul forth swaot music, filling tho hull with tno southing und clussie strains of " Oh, Molly Roilly," und other titbits of thutsort, just about up to tbo musical standard of his hearers. Round tho rafters thoro seemed to linger tho rofrain of tlmt good old jingle translutcd thusly : — " Oh, dear electors, I lovo you ; . Toll mo, sweet electors, does your heart beat . truo ? Elont me, boys, to-morrow, I'll dio if you suy uo ; Aud my ghost will haunt old Bulcook, und nil lus motioy orow." But it was when Mr. Dicker pulled out tha stojis, prassod tlio grand swell, und ran ltis digits oyur tha koybu'ards, causing tlio mighty organ tobololi forth tliostirring nutiouiilmelody " Rulo, Britannia," thut the enthusiasm of tho midionco rose to its sublimest effort. 'Thoy joinod in tho rofrain, and sang tho good old words, "Britannia rules tha waves," witli an iutensuiiess tlmt showed thut their hearts woro truo tu old England. It was a torriblo oyc-oponor to tho Australian native, who sat behind tho orguu waiting tor his 0110 to como on. At 8 o'olook tha hnll was well paeked, and tlio Hon. Boyd D. Morelicitd, followed by Messrs. Byrnes und Kingsbury, stopped on to tlio platform, 'i'ltoy wero received with loud imd prolonged applauso, nnd as Mr. Morohcjtd took tho oliuir tho jicoplo rose und olieorod him to the coho, concluding thoir outburst of lioro worship by singing that inspiriting air, "For Ho's a Jolly Good Fellow," with organ noooinpuuimont. Mr. Mobehead, lmvhig thanked tlio nudienco for the magnificence of his reception, boguu to eomjiaro tho can didates jn-esont and Messrs. Macdonald- Paterson nnd Frusor. Mr. Miiodonnld- Paterson, I10 said, had loft tho Upper House. (Voice: "He'll soon huvo to go buok again.") Ho did not know that. Tliero wero somo things thut woro relegated to liighor powers. Ho would usk thom to con sider whether those gcntlomon, whotlior Mr. Patorson (A voico: "A good man.") Ho durod suy Air, Patoisou wus a reust nubly good man. (Laughter and a voice: "Ho's us good a man as yon." Konew'od luughtor.) Air. Atorehond continued tor u protruotcd period praising tlio oiindldutos on tho platform at tho oxponso of those ubsont until tho uudiouoo grow wenry and commenced to stamp nnd Imook with their stiuks' and umbrellas. For u time, lio liud to ceuSo sneaking. A loiidyawn from tho bnokof tlio hall sonS tho audioncc .into roiirs of laughter. At lust, ho got a seutonoo in and thou tho distnrbnnoo was ronowed. This continued for somo timo. An allusion to tlio Telegraph calling Hon, Mne- donnld-Patdrsoa and Frasor Ministerialists clioitod hearty uhoors, during which tlio uhiiirmim rcimmnd his sent. . Mr. Byrnes, who was received witli loud und prolonged olieers, referred briofly to tho lust time ha had nddresBodim mtdioiioo in that hull. It wus when tho friendly societies asked liim to address them iu aid of tlio Stuk Children's Hospital. (Choors.) That was for a olmritnblo purpose, uud ho thought that on tho present occasion ha might oliiim somo of their ehurity. (Oheors.) Ho jiroeeoded to speak of 4ho position ocouplod by his opponents. Ho and Air. Kingsbury woro boing opposed by falsa friends and secret toes. (Cheers.) Iio did not think that Mr.. Muudonuld- Patersun understood his position. It.,ivus said thut thut gentlemen had ! told . the elootors at Caxton stroot that he did not .intend to accent tho Attornoy- Gonerulship. '(Luughtor.) He did -iot/lknow "whether jtliat .gentlomnn linil tho: natural lUtuinniefitH or tho, acquired attainments roqiiired for mush it Iprisltion. All lie could say tAjllr. Patorson !wa#"rt'M#f tho divil nriniirp cySiiv impertin- !onco." It wils 11 cotnlmfntion, . a most un- , natural alliimco that had brought,. out .this opposition to Ato. Kingsbury and .himself. Kplioors.) .Tlioy had on ono tide a, npivspitpor :-r(lunghtor)— roullod . tho ni!tel-iie';grup!i— '(renewed, and uproarious laughter) — which for many mouths, hud been oxpotiduig nll tlie vials of its wrath upon his jiooi'.hcad. (Laughter. Avoioo: "And still you swim.,") , And still lio swum. (Laughter.) That, paper liud taken up a position not only in opposition to thom, hut in mnuy other instances whore candidates wero running tor tho Govornmont. Not only iu tho oity, hut in tho Valloy, thoy triod to nrgo that tho two old and faithful representatives of tho State should bo rejected. In South Brisbane aud olsowhoro tho Tele graph wiui onrrying on its hellish work. That paper wns, ho said, primarily responsible tor this opjMisition to Afr. Kingsbury nnd himself. (Oheors.) And why was it opposed to thom? There was not a mm), woman, or ohitd who (lid not know why that paper wns attempting to hound liim down. Because in tho. course of his 'duty it fell to his lot to 1 pass an Aut through tlio Lcgisiativo Assembly which lio did fearlessly in the interests of tlio country. (Cheers.) Becuusa hy the success ful passage of that Aot thoy lind lost soma £1,300 or £2,000 a year, that pitpor had for gotten all tha principle.1! it ovor pnssessod, nnd for somo time it liud not possessed much. (Laughter.) Now that puper laid itsnlf out to tiie work, not of offering - urn expression of principle, hut to the currying out of a work of vindioKvotioso and rovongo. Thiit was tlio primury causo of tlio opposition to himself. It was for tho electors who wero thoro and tor thoso who woro not thoro to say whotlior or not that class of con- duot was to bo permitted in 11 free country . liko Qucoiuilund. (Cheers.) It was with the moBt nttor regret that I10 thought that men. liko Muedonnld-Fateraon and Eraser should allow themselves to be made tho dupes nnd tools of such an astute und uvarieious num. There wus anothor element of opposition to himself thiit was working in tho same scunduloiis way. Tt also wus working not to defeat any principle, but wus enguged. in a work of attempted revenge. That was the organ of tbo A.L.F., beeuuse ho had passed tho Coertion Aot. Tlio Telegraph opposed because thoy had been baulked of their ill-gotten gains. He thought they had unearthed tho conspirators ; tho conspirators on one part, at least, becuuso they hurt been baulked of thoir ill-gotten guins. Ho liad assisted to puss tile Gambling Suppression Bill. Hu would do' tho sumo thing iigoiu. (Cheers.) Ho would fight to his hist particle of breath against what he thought would bo against tiio interests of this country. (Cheers.) Tiiut was tlio source of tlio opposition to him, and who wero tiioir opponents? Tlioy woro tlio opponents of tho present "Government, lie did not intend to lot this conspiracy pass without disclosing it. It wus so open uud ujiparentllmttho oleotors would bo consummate tools if thoy allowed themselves to bn tricked into nny such arrangement. They wore both in it. Tits 0110 was counterfeiting tho coins, and tlio other waa palming them off. (Cheers.) But they know thut gentlemen who indulged in tlicso tilings often found themselves stand ing iu tho (look together, mid thoro was not muoli difference 111 the punishniont that tlio law awarded to tlio one or to the otlior. (Ohoora.) Iio referred next to Mr. Peterson's proposal to back up tlio water of the Brisbano 111 times of heuvy Hood. His friend, Air. Kingsbury, liad made 11 calculation iu this matter, anil had ascertained that Mr. Puteremi's dam would requiro to bo 1,780 toot ltigli — (laughter) — and would huvo to bo as thick us tlio heads of thu gentlomon who wroto tlio articles in tho Telegraph. (Laughter.) He next referred tnGcorgothotourtli. (Laughter.) lie meant King Georgo IV., and told them a atory about King Georgo repeating 1111 assertion so often that lie began to believe that Iio had actually led tho ulmrgo nt the Buttlo of .Waterloo. It was tho same with Air. Patersou ; lio rejioatcd assertions to tho electors as to whut ho liad done for thoiu until ho oumo to boliovo that ho had actually dono thom. They could not tako up a cojiy of that paper without seeing therein their opponents' utterances, &o.;, ut full longth. Thoy lind been told that noither Mr. Kingsbury nor himsolf got re quisitions, There wero requisitions und re quisitions. Thoy know how requisitions wero got up. Tlioy know how this requisition was got up. WHon their two . opponents joined forces thoso two rcquisitiuus wero made into ono. Thoro wus a mooting of tho two parties, Air. Patcraou's and Mr. Fraser's supporters, in the Bolfast Hotel, und thoy mixed tho two requisitions togotlior nnd nmdo ono of it, just ns tlioy would mix a whisky and soda. He novor had a requisition. Tito requisition iio wanted was tho requisition of tho bullot box. (Ohoora.) Having got tho requisition his opponents culled themselves tho jicople's nominees. Ho roforrod to tho grout meeting of Australian natives. Somo stirring speeches woro liiado tliero. 'Tlioy oould not road those speeches in tho Telegraph , tor thoy did not publish thom. Ho liad boon charged with a good many things, and it was necessary for him to clear tho ground. Of tho first oliurge ho wonld nut say ono word ; it had boon absolutely blown to sinitboroeiis. (Clieors.) That wus the cry of sootmianism. Thoso .who raisod suoh a cry, und who did ail thoy could to ruisa saoturian slrifo iu this country were jiublioonomies. Tlioy liud troubles enough thomsolvoii without importing any other diff'oroitoes. Lot every 111:111 got to houvon tlio best way iio liked. (Choors.) Thou tlio Telegraph said lie wus not 11 comniorcial 1111111. (Laughter.) Ho proeoodod to show how inuoli a uommtrolul man ho was. Witli regard to that, legislation that liiul mtido tho Telegraph so bitter against him, that logisliitiou — the Gambling Bill — was entirely in tlio interests of trado aud. commerce. Tho Telegraph said that ho wiih disloyal to his loader. Of ull tiio absurd things lie had evor road that was the must nbsurd. His lender und himself stood on no ordinary terms. Tlioy hnd lind tho nudueity to attack him witli regard to liis viows 011 tlio solioliir- ship system. Ho had answered that, and if tlioy would road tho paper, tlmt morning or afternoon— tho paper, that tlioy could read, not tho other 0110 thut published nothing hut abuso — thoy . would boo extracts from a speech of his 011 tlio questiun dolivored in Novomhor last. (Oheors.) Ho advooutod tlio oxtonsion ami iuoronsod vuluo of tlio Stato solitiolsoholarsliip. (Choors.) Tho Telegraph said thut ho wanted to kiolc down tho lnddcr by whiuh ho rose himsolf. IIo did net want to itiuk down tlmt ludtlor, lint lio would liko to kick tlio sneak who wroto that contemptible artiolo in tho Telegraph. Thon thoy hnd trottod out hoiiio- thing tlmt oocurreil iu 1881 whan ho was in Ipswioh, ami lind gono book to 1870 lyhon' lio was a littlo urchin in tho North of Quconsiuud. Ho wondered tlioy did not bhimo hitn for huvlnghadushiirom St. BuvtboIoniow'slDuy, or with lighting tho fires at Smitlifiold. (Laugh- tor.) Tlio oontost botwoou thomsolvos nnd thoir opjiononts wus u contest of prinaiplos 011 tho ono sido and rovange 011 tho other. Thoro wore two bills on which tho Telegraph asked for tho vindlotivo toolings of tho olootors against him solf. Tlio ono was tlio Pence Preserva tion Bill, and tho other was tho Gam bling Si'qipression Bill. The last bill wus partly of a eoininorolul liaturo, and ha olnimod tor that aud tor his part in carrying it through Parliament tho voto of evory Inmost right thinking man in tlio com munity. (Oheors.) Ho raid thoy had it on tiioir oonsolonoes to voto tor him when ho wub boing assailod in tlio . dirty maimor iu which ho was boing. Ho felt ns oortaiu. us ho stood thoro that from his notion in aonnootion with that Aot ho would havo tho votos of ull tlio mon who wanted to seo lottery jn'omotlng put un ond tu. Now that Aot wns on tho statute-book, 'und ho hopod it would never bo reinovod. from it. (Ohoora.) '. Ho then rovlowod what liud boon dono hy tho Govornmont (luring tho past so88lon, oallod upon tho pouplo of Queensland to advnhoo : unci tiftor a brilliant peroration, in whioli . smiling fields and glittering stars, watch words and banners jiluycd a eonspiouous part, ho concluded hy giviyg tlio elootors us thoirmotto tor the following. day, "Noisoii und victory." (Loud aud prolonged olioor- ing.) , Mr. ICingsbnry ulso nddrossed tho mooting. . The, Hon, E. B. Foriikst, in moving u voto of thanks to tho ohairmun, asked if anyone, bolloved tlmt. iio agreed, with Air. Byrues's notion witb reforeneu to tho Anti-gambling J3iil. (Cries of "No," and ohocrs.) Ho hud dono all he oould to knook it out. (Loud oheers.) Ho. had told tho Attorney- Gen oral that. ho. know lio wiih doing wi'bifg by hringirijf In thiit. bill, but it liiid.not. .tho.slighto«ti offset upon; liim. Ho o'uuld . hot; nonvlnoo .Mr, ' Byrnes".' Tie hiul told Alri Byrnos that hp bad made ft distinot blunder - in' bringing , riuit inoasiiro' forward, and lio' was not afraid to say 'it again. (Oheers.) Air. AInodoiialil-Patnraoii worked lmril to try und got rid of that hill in tlio lUppor Hnuso. (Loud; anil prolonged, oheors.) Ho (ATr. Forrest) oppusoil it beouuBo 110 did not boliavc in it a littlo bit. (Clieors.) It wns 0110 of tho most wretolied things ovor brought botore Parliament, and ho hnd said 111 his jilaoo in tlio Ooutioil wlmt ho now, said. If ovor lio got an opportunity to ropotil that Aot lio would tako euro to lay himself out to do so. (Loud ohoora.) Air. Aiorsheui 111 replying to tha voto of thanks, also stated that lio did not approve of Mr. Byrncs's notion with regard to tKo Gambling Suppression Bill. : (Ohcors.) ' , Olioors tor tho ohairmun and the candidate brought the ineoting to a olose. 