FROM "MY OPINIONS AND BETSEY BOBBET'S." CONTINUED FROM AUG. NUMBER. "IN them days, " says I risin' up agin' out of my revery, ''in them days to come when men and wimmin are independent of each other, marriage will be what it ought to be, for folks won't marry unless God unites their hearts so close they can't get em' apart nohow. They won't be tackled together by any old rotten ropes of interest and ac- commodation, that are liable to break into pieces at any minute ; and in them days, the hands of divorce writers won't be so lame as they are now." "I cannot comprehend," says Betsy, "how wimmins votin' will change the reprehensible ideah of marryin' for a home, or for fear of of being ridiculed about ; if it will I cannot see.'' " Can't you see daylight, Betsy Bobbet, when the sun is mountin' up into the clear horizon ?" says I in a eloquent voice. " It stands to reason that a woman won't marry a man she don't love for a home, if she is cap- able of makin' one for herself. Where's the disgrace of bein' an old maid, only women are kinder dependent on men, kinder waitin' to have him ask her to marry him, so as to be supported by him ? Give a woman as many fields as a man to work in and as good wages, and let it be thought just as respectable for em' to earn their own livin' as for a man to and that is enough. Wimmen have a nateral hankerin' after the good opinion and admira- tion of the other sect, but they can do better without that admiration than they can do with- out vittles." "Yes," says Betsey, "men do admire to have wimmen clingin' to 'em like a vine to a stately tree, and it is indeed a sweet view." "So 'tis, so 'tis,'' says I. "I never was much of a clinger myself. Still, if females want to cling, I haint no objection. But,'' says I, in ronable tones, "as I have said more'n a hundred times, if men think that women are obleeged to be vines, they ought to be obleeged to make trees of themselves, for 'em to run up on. But they won't ; some of 'em, they will not be trees, they seem to be sot aginst it. And, as I have said, what if a vine haint no tree convenient to cling to ? Or if she has, what if the tree she clings to happens to fall, through inherient rottenness at the core, thunder and lightnin' or etcetery '? If the string breaks, what is to become of the creeper, if it can't do nothin' but creep ?" Says I, "It is all well enough for a rich woman to sit in a velvet gown with her feet on a warm hearth and wonder what makes the poor drunkard's wife down in the street shiver Let her be out once with her bare feet in the snow, and she'd find out. lt haint the rich happy, comfortable clingers I am talkin' on be- half of, but the poor shiverers outside wh[o?] haint nothin' to cling to." "Women's speah'' — began Betsey. "Women's speah !" says I, interruptin' her in a majestic tone before which Betsey quailed imperceptibly, "Women's speah is where she can do the most good. If God had meant that wimmen should be nothin' but men's shadders, He would have made ghosts and phantoms of 'em at once. But havin' made 'em flesh and blood, with brains and souls, I believe he mean't 'em to be used to the best advantage. And they talk about wimmen havin' to fight, and men wash dishes, if women vote, is all sheer nonsense. In the Baptist church, where women vote, I don't see as they act different to any other wimmen, and I don't see as the Baptist men act any more sheepish than common men." Says I, "It is jest as ridiculous to say it would make a woman act coarse and rampage round, to vote, as to say that kissin' a pretty baby, or lovin' books and music and pictur's, makes a man. hen-huzzy." Says I, carried away with pow- erful emotions : "You may shut a lion up far a year in a room- [f]ul of cambric needles and tattin' shettles, and you can't get 'em to do nothin' but roar at 'em; it ai'nt a lion's nature to do fine sewing " says I. And you may tie up a old hen as long as you please and you can't break her off wantin, to make a nest and scratch for her chickens Says I, wavin' my right hand slow and majestic- ally, " you may want a green shade on to the front side of your house, and to that end and effect, you may plant a acorn, and set out a rose-bush ; but all the legislators in creation can't make that acorn-tree blow out with red posies, no more can they make that rose-bush stand straight up as a giant. And their bein' planted by the side of each other, on the same ground and watered out of the same waterin' jug, don't alter their nateral turn. They will both help to shade the winder, but do it in their own way, which is different. And men and women votin' side by side would no more alter their natural dispositions than singin' one of Watt's hymns together would. One will sing bass and the other air, so long as the world stands." "Josiah Allen's wife," says Betsey, "I think your views are uronieous. We cannot think alike about clingin,' we also differ in our views about caurcusses. When I consideh that 'lections and caurcusses come once every yeah, then comes home the solemn feelin' how wearin' it would be for a female to drop all her domestic labohs and avocations, and be present at them. Josiah Allen's wife, let us sposen the case ; sposen a woman is a-washin' or churnin' buttah, how could she leave this laboh and go and vote ?" Says I, with so impatient a gesture that I broke off a thread and had to tie it on agin, "You are over the same old ground agin of a woman's time." Says I, "Wimmen can drop all their domestic labohs and go to fairs — town fairs and country fairs and State fairs if she can get at 'em. She will be on the ground in time to see the first punkin and bedquilt car- ried on to it, and she will stay to see the last horse trot his last trot ; she can find time for picnics and pleasure excursions and celebra- tions and Fourth of July and last all day — and it would take about half a minute to vote. But," says I, in the most grand and noble tone I had used yet, "men haint took by the coat-collar and dragged off to caurcusses and 'lections ; they don't go unless they are a mind to, and I don't suppose wimmen would be drove like a flock of sheep. They would'nt ' want to go, only when some great law was up concerning right and wrong, or her own intrinsick interests, as givin' a mother a equal right to her children, a right she earnt naturally, a deed God himself stamped with the great seals of fear and agony. Or bein' taxed without representation, which breaks the old Constitution right in the middle every time it is done. Or concerning equal pay for equal labour. I s'pose every female clerk and teacher and operator, who have half- starved on about one-third what men get for doin' the same work would be on hand. Likewise concerning temper- ance, I s'pose every drunkard's wife, and mother and girl would go to the poll, that could get there. Poor things ; under the Legislator they have enjoyed the right of sufferin' ; sposen it lets 'em enjoy the right of suffragin' a spell. Mebbe they would find it as easy if not easier." 