jniiEiCTgE literary CBSSIP. Mosi A Mocmillan and Co., of New York, following the example of tho London firm, ha»e ' reorganised and transferred their business to a stook company, to ho known as tho Maomillan I Company. Its president for the first year will be Mr. George F. Brett, who for some years past has been tho managing partner of the New | York house. When an American writes a work he makes it a first duty to send a copy to Mr. Gladstone. Tho latter has been reading a volume entitled I The Gold Diggings of Cape Horn , which ap. penred recently. A letter ho ha written to tho author, Mr. John R. Spears, indicates his in terest even in so remote a subject as tho abo rigines of Capo Hom. The Review of Reviews for July, contains amongst its Australian edition an article on Bioycliog in New South Wales and Tasmania, which will interost devoters of the wheel, and one on Sport in Maoriland with Hod and Gun, by the Rov. Rutherford Waddoll, who writes in very enthusiastic terms concerning the attraotions of the southern islands. The cha- meter sketch in tho number deals with M. Zola in his capnolty as uutlior of Rome , and in troduces a good deal of Mr. Stead's personal reminhcencrs. The Peoples 1 Bible History , which has beon recently iBsucd with an intro duction by Mr. Gladstone, is critically re viewed. Mr. Henry James, observes tho Daily JYews, is a liteiary exquisite. He writes for tho over refined, tho hyper sensitive, for those, who liko himself, shrink from the vulgarity and coaise- ness of violent incidents, from the stupidity of tbeobvious. What appeals to him as alone worth depioting Is the drama of emotions. His talcs ate rather tho elaborate analysis of states of feeling than stories in tho proper senno of the word. His theme in short is the drama of the drawingro.bm'. We could imagine Mr. James seeing in'Vhe incidents of a fivu-o'-olock tea, in shades of expression flitting over countenances 'set oa delicate secretiveness, hearing in tho inflections of voices attuned to non- committing 'harmonics, sufficient to put him in touoh with the romance and the trQgcdy of tho world. It is all a question of the seeing eye, of the hearing ear, to trace the infinitely great in the infinitely little. He is the Meiesoner of literary art ; and it almost requires an intellectual magnifying glaB to follow tho eubtlo shades of meaning, the intficao'e of hints and allusions of which his word is compaot. An Actor's Wooing, by Louise Jordan Miln, ia dvsbribe'd -by the Pall Mall Gazette as an inoffensive, lf :to(linue, llttlo idyll of India, de tailing .'.with rdrittoh aminblo garrulity and liberality of fclib unessential, the courtship of a poor but honest young aotor by a wealthy young . woman ol spirit. After proposing more thnn once without aitcoess, the intrepid hefoitte wins her wilful way by sduting the objeot of her affections before dinner and an assemblage of- guests.. The main reason for tho gentloman'a obdnraoy— his own nnworthiness— seems to bo based on a soarcely ouffieient offence. He had offered the wrong urm to a great lady whom he hail'.been told to take into dinner. But every AYibjjn the.stpry is very noble indeed, and their standard dfttiorality so high that, perhaps; ho was justified; after all, in punishing himself and his lady love with suoh severity. The tale is told by an aroh matron who appears to. have meddled and made misoblef in quite the drollest way. She ia a kitteniHh thing, whose husband, addresses .her thus— "Poor old. girl, poor old lady," he. said, 44 did she stlok her. thumb and make .it bleed ? Let its old man kins it and make it well." , Louise Jordan Miln will be remembered in ' Australia by her association with her husband on the stage. Dr. Qowialton's Legacy, by Henry Johnston, added io MethuenV Oolonial Library, belongs to the order.' of Scotch stories, which are coming increasingly into vogue. The author lias gained considerable repute in this direction, and ex- hibitsan accurate knowledge of the surround ings with whiob lie deal?, but we are inclined to faney that the humor lies very largely in the dress, and would vanish if translated into the ordinary vornaoular. The story itself is not of thrilling interest, though the 'charac ters are delineated with somo keenness of insight. The motive of the story iu furnished by the conditions of Dr. Congalton's will. He divides his money between his brother and a young woman whom ho is anxious tho brother should marry ; aod the proviso is attached that if they do not fulfil his wish tho oue firBt married shall forfeit the legacy to tho other. Tho young woman's mother is a scheming old woman, who is very anxious that hor daughter should obtain the prize. Ncodless to say, she does not succeed in her endeavor, and is deprived of her expected success by the ingenious devico of tho reported drowning of the brother, who comes to life again after tho girl 1b safely married to the farmer of her choice. The real oharm of tho story, however, lies in the disseotion of village charaoter, and in its icpresentation of Scottish expreaxions. 4 Serious Comedy, by Herbert Morrah, has aUo been added to Methuen's Colonial Library. This is a satirical representation of English sooioty, and io hardly to be accounted an accuraio record. Two ladies, one of middle ago and of variod experience, the other a girl who is lnoonsequently dopioted as possessing noble and serious aims, determine to adventure tho whirl pool of fashionable life. They have no mesne wherewith to enter upon this undertaking, hut en the meagro capital of good. looks and amlnolty, tbey Bucceed beyond thoir anticipa tions. Cleverly, and cortninly unscrupu lously, turnjng the craze for charitable re form to thoir account, they manage to gain admission into the highest circles; are accepted at their own estimate; and end by marrying into the peerage and living happily over afterwards. |o somo extent the story has a satirical ten dency, but it has net a near enough approach to reality to make it worth serums attention. The Sin of Hagar, by Helen Mathers, is a volume which may possess some attraction to readers wiio desire their emotional sympathies stirred, without having any regard for improba bilities of plot or absurdities in description of oharaotor. The atery is one which displays a want of sanity in conception. It is impossible to exhibit a very deep interest in tho doings of people who are so obviously out of drawing from nature. Tho heroine Is a remarkable young woman who is endowed with a mysterious powor of infiuonoing to her will, through somo mysterious processes of all those who aro brought within tho sphere of her attractions. Sho commences her career by strangling her father, and having succeeded in concealing her connection with this orimc she continues her woircT courBO liy bringing desolation and unhappinoss on all with whom sho is brought into contact. Sho becomes the prot<;g6 of a noble lord and returns his kindness by seeking to wreck the happiness Mills daughter. Falling in love herf-elf with the daughter's fianci she gains a controlling power over tho girl by hypnotic influence, and '8 represented as being able in this mannor to make her appear as a drunkard and false to hor vows. She can also hypnotise tho lover tos-ome extent, and generally .is ablo to bring about a most extraordinary and confusing series of complications. No one will regret very muoh when the time arrives for her committing xuioide in despair over tho failure of her evil machina tions. It la astonishing that a writer of some repute should muke iier-elf re ponsible for huoIi a farrago of nonsense, und still more, that thero can be found readers who will nppreointe it. Pho book has been added to Hutchinson's Colonial Library. _ The Dxtarfs Chamber and nthor stories, by Forgus Hume, have been issued by Mei-rs. Ward, Look and Bowden. The approval whioh this writer has met with is ono of the mysteries of popular taste. He possesses no distinction of style, nor can ho assert any other olaim to popular favor than some power of vigorous narrative. The longest of these stories, drawn out indeed to a wearisome length, is ridiculous in conception and crude in treatment. Our interest is invited in a wondorfti! family affioted with the mysioriouH fate of produoing dwarfs at intervals in the course of generation as a penalty for some ancestral oriino against tho little people. This dwarfish strain in the family is described as one of the mysteries of nature, | and the custom has been whenever one of these abnormal oresturos presents itself, to make Its life as pleasant as possible, but to keep it in striot seolusion in a portion of tho ground specially prepared ror its accommodation. The story whiob Mr. Fergus Hume weaves around this conceit exhibits Rome fertility of invention, but cannot be allowed any higher praise. Of tho other stories in Miss Jonathan , there is brightness of dialogue. In tho Doad Man's Diamonds and The Tale of the Torquiio Skull a gruesome grotesqucness, nud in the Green Stone God and tho following ta'es, an imito- tivo attempt to rival Counu Doyle and Arthur Morris in detective ncuteness. The Little Z)uc7wm— anjj other stories, by Ethel Turneryjticltfiibd "in leN nil t i I u b series issued by "W/njL 'L'1»xidlUlQ4en, contains a number of/pr&fy; little written and pubUsi|&lJun; &<>vety a n n e r . It is a pitvrtffyt AA /higher ptoim can bo accordc. Fro\dpwriter/?vic£ty&M; subwntHstino- tivo talent in UWffiJier wCTkpytfe we';4ntited to expeot better It rimy spemfa hard saying, but it Ethel Turner has fallen IihcL .Ijfk'ionjmimnerism, and only in occasional fiheacanwo diecovoi tho originality of treatment and of humor dis- cernablo in The Seven Little Australians ant The Family at Misrule. The short' storlrs in this volume, taken- as a whole, are dis appointing, though oct Asionally we come aoioss gleams of promise. The patlioB is forced, and tho fun does not bubble up naturally. In The Little Duchess we are asked to ympafchise with the woes of a shop girl who embezzles money to spend. on finery, aod induce? her lover'to accept the responsibility of her default, and. then re wards his Buciilice by jilting him before he has paid the penalty for the misdeed. In Wilks of Waterloo the husband is represented ns using tho strap as an orijiuaty means of correction for his wife, and when, after & sudden abheration of indopondauce, she gets him seven days in gaol she meekly submits hertelf to a renewal of this method of treatment, and conquers his hard ness by this surrender. We are in ' doubt whether a wile beater would he open to receive a moral lesson of this sort. The City of Rasp- btrry Jam is a little idyll on sea >ickne?B, Biid in The Toy Child tho pathos would be rnoic effcotlve if leas forced. A Modern Achilles is a rendering of Charley's Aunt, but we think it very doubtful whether off the stage a young man could personate an ancient' maiden Jauy without immediate risk of discovory. Tho other talos are slight in texture MIhb Ethel Turner has a very pleasant stylo of writing, but sho is oapablo of doing better work than this. , The now series of the Comhill, now under the editorship of,Mr« St. Loo .Stracliey, lias beon issued. It is increased in sizoand in prioe, lias an attractive table of contents, and seems altogether to bavo renewed its youth. One of tho most interesting of its articles is by Mfs- Richmond Kltohie, On the first number, whioh reached to some 120,000 oopies, Mjb. Ritchie remembers messengers arriving during the day to tell the editor (her father) of fresh thousands being wanted by the public ; " then more ineaBungers came, and wo were told how tho printers were kept working till all hours of the night." The pretty cover, whioh still, as Mrs. Ritchie truly fays, holds its own 41 among pro sent vaporous landscapes, inarticulate nymphs, and fashion blocks of t -day, was tho spirited outcoino ofn ncwachoolof art at South. Kensington. Sir Henry Cole had advised Thackeray to apply to the school for n design for tho cover, and one. of t|io';.pupl|, ta young, man called Godfrey Sykes, sent, in tho design which was immediately accepted, Mother pre viously thought of being put aside. 4 What a fine engraving ! What a beautiful drawing I Th.okorny wrote ; " tliete him been nothing «o ornnment.lly good don. nnywhoio that I know of." Tho name, the Comhill. wus Jhaokoray s auggoxtion. " Tho only name I oan think of na yot ia the Comhill Magazine. It has a sound of jollity and abundnnco about it." And ao tho Comhiil it became. Mr. Kitcliie publish' a a number of interesting loitors from Jfonokton llilnon, O.rlylo, llncnulay atnl others who took a warm iuteroat in the early numbers of the magazine. Carlyh , wlio lind hcon asked for a contribution, could not bethink liiin of any thing in the least likely. " Indeed," ho added, " I am «o crushed to dco'h amid Prussian rub bish these long years jiast I have neatly loBt the power of thinking in any form, and nm pos sessed by one sad futilo ghost of a thought." Later we find him sending his good wishes, and concluding with this semoneo : — " Your peopio do not tend us a copy since No. I, but wo alwayB draw our purse upon it to the small ex tent requisite." Canny Scot! 