SPORTING. Owners and trainers are reminded that acceptances for the second day's racing of the A.R.C. Grand National Meeting close with Mr. Head tine to-morrow afternoon at 4 •'clock. At Morphettville on Tuesday morning Diadem, Rosedale, and Trentalto ran a fast five furlongs in company. Pitchery held Thunder Quean safe in a miie-and-a-half gallop, which took 2 min. 49 sec. Playmate put in a round at half-pace, hut Flood bird only galloped. Respond supped over half a mile in a taking manner. Taradale's mission was • servioeable three miles, and Doric was also credited with good steeplechase work. Miraclum put in a round at a little under even time, and Nackara bonded over a mile. The Golden King (Hiscutt) went once round steadily, and the other members of Qninn's team—Nomadic, Foliage, and Security—were only given gentle • exercise. They, however, worked again in the afternoon, when Nomadic ran a fast mile. Thunderer was another who wu allowed to take things easily, bat Broken Hill and Eleusinian negotiated a round m 2 min. 49 sec. Hear Hear finished in front of "Viking and Concussion at the end of a mile, run in 1 min. 55jj sec., but there was nothing to choose between Alveary and The Idler over five furlonge cut out in 1 min. 9| sec. On the Old Course on Tuesday morning Young Lucifer and the Ghost put in four rounds, the last two being negotiated at a smart pace. Dick Whitington ran a mile in a shade over even time, while Barter was credited with strong work over a couple of miles. Lord Grennlle, who is looking very well, went three times round at half and three-quarter pace. Black Flag ran two miles in 4 pun, 5 sec., while De Burg and Handover pat in three-quarter pace exercise. Satisfactory steeplechase work was allotted to Confidence and Fishwife, and Eaglehawk concluded by sporting home the last three furlongs.. Conscript went steadily, while Juliet and "Gipsy Queen encompassed three rounds, the last two miles being left behind in 4 sun.. sec. Borke's Drift only travelled at a steady gait, but Repetition got over his last Found in 2 min. 2 sec. Helena was sent » milo-and-a-half gallop, the watch for the last round registering 1 min. 58J sec. De la Volta cut out a mile in 1 min. 52J sec., Carmelite taking nearly five seconds longer to (ret over the same distance. Mompa's mission was a round at thifee-quartei pace, while Dubloon worked steadily. Dianthus and Home Sole put in a couple of rounds, the last mile of which took 1 min. 67 sec. The Royalist went at half- pace. Gaillardia got over a couple of rounds, the second of which was left behind in 1 min. 58 sec. All Fours travelled at a strong pace for three rounds, running her last mile in 2 min. 3 sec.Bombastic -was credited with good work over a couple of rounds. Longbow and Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 24$ sec. KasewaB assisted in the last six furlongs of a mile by Electric^ the time being X min 53 sec. for the foil journey, and 1 min. 25i for the six. furlongs. Kecoup did long work, while Kirkbv ran » mile in 1 min. 501 sec., the last six furlonffa in 1 min. 23J Bee. In Adelaide on Tuesday the only straightout wagering of note was recorded over the V.&.C. Derby, when 500 to 50 was accepted on. behalf of Cvdnus,- and Newhaven was tacked for a little at 5 to 2. The following were the big doubles which were booked:— Caulfield and Melbourne Cups—5,000 to 5 each O'Trvrger and Newhaven, Miraclum and Mamsa, Valiant and Resolute, Valiant and Miraclum, Lord Richmond and Newhaven, Lord Richmond and Toreador, Pivot and Reka, Pivot and Wallace; 4,000 to 4 Reka and Lord Richmond; 3,000 to 3 Excel and Newhaven ; 2,000 to 2 Excel and Coil, Ayrshire and Newhaven. As notified by advertisement, the annual meeting of the Pork Adelaide Racing Club will be held at Ford's Royal Arms Hotel, Port, at 7.30 p.m. to-morrow (Thursday). Lochabar, who won the Hurdle Race at Caulfield on Saturday, was sold as a yearling for 10 guineas. He is by Boolka from Cantata. Referring to Marusa's performance in the Victorian Club Handicap, the Rewrites;—"It was a splendid race, "and it is to be feared W. Rodfearn, whose riding is as a rule above oritioism, took matters too easily in his anxiety to oat the victory fine. Marusa has grown into a fine horse, and the way he gallops is a pleasure to witness. He is as yet far from ready, but when thoroughly strung up he, should creditably carry the Beverley Lodge livery in a big raoe. Those who have backed him tor the. Caulfield Cup or Melbourne Cup need not attach much.importance to Saturday's form. He met Excel at a difference of only 131b., and in the Caulfield Cup he concedes 19 lb., which he should be able to do, considering how vast an improvement can be effected in his-condition during the next two months. Both Mr. Dakin and Mr. Vowies were astute when they gave this dangerous maiden 8 at. 8 lb. and 8 st. 13 lb. in the Melbourne Cup and Caulfield Cup respectively." According to a Victorian exchange Conventionar was well backed for the A.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race by a party of Adelaide gentlemen who are now m Melbourne, and who spent last Saturday at Caulfield. The Carbine colt Cohort was seen to better advantage in the Flying Handicap at Caulfield on Saturday than he has been heretofore. Instead of running all over the course Lewis was enabled to keep him straight, and he finished second to Mainstay. We have reoeived from Mr. J.' H. Smith a copy of the "Western Australian Racing Calendar" for August. Malwa has top weight (9 st.) in the Twoyear-old Handicap, to be run at Moonee Valley to-day. Madge Gordon is also enred with 7 st. 12 lb. Dh« following an the weights for the August Handicap, to be decided at Moonee Valley this afternoon:—-Roseleaf, 9 st. 6 lb.; Emaun-na-Knuck, 8 st. 4 lb.; Mainly 8 st. 1 lb.; Apsley, 8 st. Christmas Bell, 7 st. 5 lb.; Garnet, Robin, Trent, 7 st. 21b,; Asphodel, Alone, Vagrant, 7 st.; Count Herbert, 6 st. 12 lb.; Boyton, 6 st 7 lb. . 