I'I.HE GHIOSTS OF CLOTHIES. lir. J. N. arskelylne. the conjurer, relates rs-me of bir eaperi..nceA to a writer in the " ;nghlrh Illuotateli Magazine ":-" Apart Imrom mire bj.ctive tllusio.i" he esyr. alppar sitoln rtst only i. inagiratini. 1.o great proof of thiu I the .spnti,,n o. cleteh . If r. rnts c ?,inareld Iiie. nioe qf the * wimng pie tliren' alprrelltly in the uide. ale rigit be Iin chuc ti beloeve, o ttIhir reahity. I Whero I wIa thhe firt ta sUtg?tI thlr objection, aulltt 33 yearsa c.i. I ws iv eg u ,li'lal ciin with Mr tleujnahi nir Coeunia. a niamed, " The Futher .f i-nghlh i $ipitiutlnas., a very nicer, anhatle, and creduloui oli citli t.uiirnii. lie wao ili'irihing A raunce t li had attenihIl a.I l| wtiere a lady saw the pirit of her grrvrlfolthur. $he hail never .rn him r erarth-llo. lb', re~ogni.el him from a pauintng. The a Iri arupeared in periwrgl, knee-brei?eo , rt a grern colt with gilt Int tona. Thren,' runt r. " thlr laty rot only paw the epirit of htr grrudfather, btrt alo the Iaiirit of hi green cent andl gilt buttone n ' Mr. Coleman looked at mr with rather a puzzledt ex Iureuiun. I runtinuterd : Do you really t.lieve that there an rici thing as the rlrit of renst?" ' No.' naid hi, eran't rhirlk that, anit I rsn't arccount for the apfearance of the clothln, bitnt I will aik the rtpins. h 'h old gerntleman altol me afterwnrlln that Ie had etontaulta *l KEty. King ' upor the rubject. Katley King, asu you may renmeater, was a very Ilipuliar apirit at that lime, so muicb o that ohe wa freqIuently known to hane altrar?l at seeral rwtna at the pani moment. h·h wra al-uo te npinrt Lwh was rsln to have carried Mta. Cauplpy from Ball'a Pond to I?amb's. Conldwit-tewet. and it was the en poslue of this apart ' which aent poor RIbert I'aler ()wen to a Iornate aoylum. Well, KEtry King ohtrkrrd Mr. I'olemni'i queation oto aome time, birt he peraistol in haring s answer. and at last the rephled, Why. of coeree, wu olatrialte the clothes out of particles in tlue atmoialere. Tthi was a -jeectly sataafartory rxplacation to the SpirilumlbitI, lit even the nilmst creldulii m ambers of the hoiety for Psychical tresearch cannot at pemint believer in the gphoat ol a pair of bhrea??chs. If they rorld, they would at oncre acrept every nicgt mare story as a oliritual visItation. That eun ning olI impitor, Mdntm. Ilvatoaky, tried to hrilge iver thor difficulty by icnvetinig tIhe theory th ththere is aIn ' aatral bcy' or counter part to evenrthing in extiteni anrf everUtiring hat hrbat existl . .o there must be In ualtrl ae-eerpent on asntral big goosberry- in fact, an atral worlld and astral uaivetme. 