Science Notes. Fishing by Electric Light. Two anglers, one a resident of Newhaven, have just tried the interesting experiment of fishing in Seaford Bay by electrie light. A fisherman of Newhaven rowed the anglers from the railway pier soon after 6 o'clock, when it was completely dark. . A portable battery, with a five-candle elee tric lamp, was taken, and this lamp was lowered until a weight below it touched the bottom at 25ft. Both battery and lamp were specially made for the trial, and the lamp was protected by a gal vanised crinoline, and was made watertight. When the lamp reached the bottom of the sea there was a circnlar area 20 yards in diameter brightly illuminated right up to the surface. Fish ing was carried on with an ordinary line on the port side, the lamp having been lowered on the Ktarboard side of the boat. A splendid di6h of whiting was caught. The Development of Submasiite Photography. Some interesting experiments in submarine photography have been made by Jfr. Louis Boutan. He is an ardent student of zoology (says a London paper), and during the investigations he made on theshore6of the Mediterranean he was soimpregsed with the beauty of the sights offered that he con cluded to make some efforts to represent them by pictures as well as by words. His first experi ments were made at a slight distance under the surface of the water, where the intensity of the light is still sufficient for the production of photo graphs ; he constructed a camera and an instan taneous shutter especially adapted for use in water. Finding it desirable to take pictures at greater depths, Mr. Boutan resorted to the employ ment of artificial light. The lighting- apparatus comprises a barrel, containing oxygen, and carry - in? a glass globe, in which is placed a lamp having a wick impregnated with alcohol. The operator, by pressing a bulb at the end of a tube, is en abled to throw seme magnesium powder into the flame. Photographic Picxuees by 1Tachine3Y. In Berlin, and also in New York, the printing of photographic pictures by machineiy has been developed into an enormous industry. By dint of eensitising the paper from the roll (as it is supplied, for newspaper printing), printing it under a series of negatives, developing, fixing, washing and drying it, as it passes automatically over a long series of rollers and through a series of baths of chemicals, it is possible to produce photo grams in enormous quantities and at little cost. The principal present use is for the production of the tiny prints given away with cigarette packets, and for advertising purposes ; but in New York, it is also used to produce albums of portraits of celebrities, each of which consists of a dozen cabinet portraits, accompanied by letterpress. The production of these prints is so cheap that they can compete in price with photo-mechanical printing. ' The Cuebent That Ktlls.' Many people have as'genuine a terror of elec tricity as their ancestors had of ghosts and church yards at midnight. This (remarks the Hospital) is quite foolish. As in the case of ghosts, it is ignorance which frightens, but knowledge which reassures. Dr. J. B. Verity, in his ' Electricity up to Date,' tells us that though ?' some fatal results have happened, electricity does not kill wholesale, as does dynamite, gunpowder, or coal gas explosions ; nor is the list of fatal accidents to be compared with deaths due to exploding or over turned oil lamps.' It is well to remember that the ability to bear electric currents varies in different individuals. Moreover, that electricity will cer tainly kill if contact be good and pressure sufficient, need not be denied. Indeed, it will kill very promptly and certainly ; so much so that Dr. Verity thinks capital punishment by electrocution is much the most speedy and painless of all the methods of killing known to science. On this point he reminds us that since electricity travels much quicker than sensory nerve currents the brain is rapidly rendered insensitive and the sub ject therefore becomes quite unconscious long before the sensory nerves can communicate the impression of pain.' ' The current that kills ' is, however, as perfectly under the control of those who have but a little real knowledge as is the gas burner or even the composite candle. Cowan Blutdness. A Frenchman, MonB. Dubois, has made an interesting1 suggestion as to the origin of colour blindness. This defect of vision almost invariably consists in inability to recognise red. Now a body cooling down, from incandescence (remarks Knoiokdge) extends its spectrum towards the red end, or in other words the white hot or violet coloured body becomes yellow and finally a dull red as it cools. A few stars such as Sirius are white hot, many others like.our sun are cooler and therefore yellow, whilst others are so cooled down as to shine with a dull red light. Primitive man, according to Mons. Dubois, lived 'when the sun was in either the Sirius or the pre-Sirius stage, that iB, when the eon, which is the source of all colour, was white hot, and had no red component in its spectrum ; he had, therefore, no power of recognising red. Colour-blindness, therefore, sayB Mons. Dubois, is merely atavism or degenera tion to the primitive type. The objection to this ingenious theory is that we have no reason what ever for supposing that primitive man was con temporary with a white hot sun ; further, all white hot suns that we know of have some red at any rate in their spectrum. The intensity of particular components of the spectrum may vary, but the components are still there. A Feat ts Photography. Photography has had many triumphs. One of the latest is associated with the name of Professor Macey, famous for his feats in instantaneous work. He has just succeeded in photographing a dragon fly on the wing — an operation which necessitated an exposure of only one twenty-five-thonsandth of a second. The photographic part of the perform ance ia wonderful enough, and surely (as the Photogram says) some credit should be awarded to the Tpan capable of accurately dividing a second into twenty-five thousand parts. Certainly a man who can compute the twenty-fifth thousandth pirt of a second can compute anything. 