THEY SAY— That Aider man Tomkinson had a face as long as a fiddle when he was inspecting that 6-inch machine broken road metal. That Wallace Brownlow did not take his racing colt away with him because certain preliminaries had not been arranged. That the Grand Coffee Pa.ace, Mel bourne, has at last shown a profit. That a country fireman was only allowed to come to the city to attend his brother's funeral on condition that he paid the fare of his substitute up and down and also paid him 8s. a day. Surely this is straining the quality of mercy. That the British mining expert either knows too much or too little, and that as a rule it is too little. That a divorce action in which literature will be represented is pend ing in Sydney, and that the co-respon dent <is a journalist at one time fairly well known in Adelaide. That Paddy Whelan writing to his friends says he is doing well in Kal goorlie. That more than a fourth of the £4,000 required for Our Boys Insti tute has already been collected. That when people talk of thirty millions of foreign capital being invested in Westralian mines they ought to point out that about nine tenths of the money is paid to pro moters and is not in any way devoted to mining development. That a dark Johnnie was made transiently happy owing to a mistake at one of the performances of " Pepita." He was in a prominent position in the stalls, and he intercepted the cherubic smiles of the Royal Comic girls bestowed on a lady who was sitting behind him. Johnnie, confident that he bad struck a mash, pulled up his shirt collar, lowered his cuffs, and finally shifted into another seat so that he could be the better seen. His ogles would have melted a heart of stone, and oh ! he was so pleased with himself. That recently during a railway carriage joke Minister Duffy threatened Premier Kingston that Victoria would claim territory right up to the Murray as belonging to her, whereupon Charlie retorted that South Australia means to absorb Victoria altogether, inasmuch as Victoria is South Aus tralia. That the quarrel between the Port Pirie editors is as to whether it is correct to say " genus parchyderma tous." Come hither, friends. It'scorrect to say anything so long as you've got a big club for protection. You may even call a country editor a thickhead and be absolutely correct. That Governor Buxton couldn't very well refuse to become Patron of the A.R.O. when theS.A.J.C. had nobbled his services in a similar capacity. That Mr. G. P. Dooiette, when he was banqueting the members of the English Congregational Union, ought to have given his guests a tip as to which Westralian stocks were the best buying. A word in seas _>n would have been valuable. That a man who had to be assisted in his passage to the Westralian gold fields can now write a cheque for £200,000, and can get the cheque cashed too. That Griffin and Barker could hardly have expected to find their billets in the railway service open to them again, and that the uncertainty of elections will restrain some candidates who are anxous to be L\bor members from throwing up situations. A billet in hand is worth two billets in the political bush. That a young man at Woodside dressed himself up to represent a ghost in order to frighten the local poet, but that the man of rhymes gave him a few Johnel Sullivans that will cure him of gho3t walking—and serve him right. It is only an ass who plays such practical jokes, and the ass wants cudgelling. That the cricket cables to the dailies are evidently forwarded by someone who does not know much | about the game, and that as the dailies, by publishing the same messages—the enterprise of the Aus tralian press!—are saving a con siderable sum of money they might see that the cricket is properly re ported. That some of the strikers from Messrs. Martin & Co.'s works are striking it rich on the Barossa gold fields. That the Licensed Victuallers' Association have acted wisely in not withholding their annual sub scription from the Adelaide Hospital. Because there has been a squabble the hand of charity should not be stayed. That the pressure of the Medical Defence Association was too much for Dr. Buckley, who has resigned his billet. It is now said that the name of the man who struck Buckley began with L. That the motley crowd in front of the Royal Exchange grows apace, and that every third man you meet now talks nothing but shares. When the cold day comes, as come it must, some people will be vainly crying out for overcoats. That if we have been playing at soldiers in the past we are evidently going to take part in a screaming burlesque now. That what with his approaching marriage and his lar^e interests in Westralia, Vabe Solomon is not likely to take a very prominent part in politics, at all events during the first session of the new Parliament. 