EsLahli,?d Auwust 1842. -o-_ hq oritand ua dian, With which is incorporated htr Wortlandu Lj irror. \--0--" Published u? bordand Ecery .ffr, vd.y, Wed nesday, and Friday Evening. WVEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1896. BOROUGH CouSCIL. - To-night tbis Council sits, when the .most important business will probably be the consider ing of tenders for the various borongh properties. CHARGED-WITH LUNACY.-At the local Police Court this morning before Messrs. XV. P. Anderson and H. . . M, Camp bell, William Adams was charged with being a-luniatc. The unfortunate man, I who for home time has given his relations the greatest anxiety, was arrested on 1 Monday afternoon by the police, and since that time has been examined by Drs. Dowling and Levis. The medical evidence was to the effect that accused 1 was suffering from paralysis of the brain, and not fit to be at large. The presiding I magistrates committed him to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. Some few weeks ago the accused had the mis fortune to lose his wife by death, and this appears to have prayed upon his mind greatly. ' FANTASTIQUES." - To-night Pro fessor Davis gives an entertainment in :the Orderly Roorn,.which will be both mystifying and amusing. Anexchange thus alludes to a performance given : The perfoimer opened with a ten card 'ti'cks, at which he is wondrously expert, and as he talks both fluently and wittily he was soon on gcod terms with his audience. A specimen of spirit writing (very neatly managed) was then given, followed by perhaps the best sleight-of. hand trick yet shown here. Five hand kerchiefs were borrowed and fastened firmly together by intricate knots made by different people. The Professor, without any delay, placed one on the other in a hat, and immediately with drew them one by one separated. An exhibition of the common but clever cabinet trick, and an amusing display of ventriloquism closed the first part of the programme. Madame Stella Davis as sisted her husband in the next item, 'Rosicrucian Psychomancy.' Small slips of paper were handed round the audience, who were requested to write on them any question they wished answered, No writing pad was supplied, each person putting down his interrogation where he pleased. The slips were then collected in two or three hats, and, without being removed from the sight of the audience, handed round promiscuously and re tained by those drawing them. Madame Davis was then blindfolded, and gave a score or so of questions and answers, which were acknowledged to be correct by both the person who held the paper and the writer of the question. The Professor wound up with an extraordin ary illustration of how modern ghosts are produced. He first stated that he wished it distinctly understood that he claimed there was nothing but trickery in anything he did, and courted but de fied the closest investigation. At his re quest a com.nittee of four ascended the stage, and started operations by securely fastening the performer's hands behind his back with a rope, the knots being drawn so tightly as to break. the skin of the wrist. After these knots had been sealed the Professor was placed in a long black bag (carefully r? ined and passed as correct). the .uouth of which was drawn tightly round his neck by means of a running tape. The tape was also knotted and sealed, and the two long ends passed through the folds of a cabinet (also minutely inspected) inside ot which Mr. Davis was seated. One of the committee held these ends in his hand, while another had. a roving commission outside the cabinet to guard against extraneous assistance. In spite of these precau tions, -o sooner were the lights lowered than bells were rung, tambourines played, and after a little while three ghostly figures made their appearance one after the other, one of th2n shaking hands with the members of the committee. Towards the2l0se of the trick the Pro fessor struck a match and walked out of the cabinet in ordinary evensg dress and without his bonds; yet a minute afterwards when the lights were raised and the curtains withdrawn he was found as securely bound as ever, with the knots and seal intact. The trick is wonderfully clever, and should not be missed. WVe anticipate a large audience to-night. SHIRE CouNxcIL.-Members of this Council nmeet to-morrow at Heywood, when in addition to the ordinary busi. ness there will be the election of Presi dent, SALE AT HEIVoon.-W\e again re mind those interested that Mr. J. R. Woods has a property, furniture, &c.;," for sale at Heywood to-morrow. on be half of Mr. F. W. Ullithorne, who is leaving the district. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.-Mr. Archiball MacEachern, who departed this life at his late residence, Funnary, Strathdownie West, on Thursday morn ing, was a very old colonist. He was born ear Morven, Argyleshire, Scotland. At the age of 19 he migrated to New South Wales with his family, where he saw a good deal of the stirring times when bushranging was rampant through out that colony. He stayeda few years in New South Wales, but eventually crossed over to Victoria and entered the employment of Messrs. T. and A. Chirn side, on whose behalf he selected Mount William station. Not long afterwards, in conjunction with his brothers, he de voted himself to squatting pursuits in the Western District of Victoria, and at one time the MacEachern family owned the following valuable properties:- East and West Strathdownrie. Heathfield, Kan garoo, Marven, and Knebsworth. For some years he conducted a butchering business in Portland, and afterwards started a drapery business, neither of which proved very successful. He was a staunch member of the Presbyterian Church, which he supported to the best of his ability. Deceased was twice married, and leaves four sons and one daughter to mourn his loss. Though in bad health for several years, Mr. MacEachern was only confined to his bed for a few weeks. 'The remains were interred in the Dartmoor Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, and the funeral was largely attended. The-service was conducted by Mr. \Werne. A number of beautiful wreaths, including one made of wild flowers, and supplied by intim ate friends, were placed on the coffin. Mr. McEachern was in his 76th year. PROPERTY SALE.-On Friday Mr. J, R, Woods will sell, urider instructions of the trustees in the estate of the late Mr. T. F. \Williams, two large buildings, formerly used in connection with the Rob Roy saw and bark mills. Thbse requiring second hand material should inspect these buildings. A STOWAWVAY BAKED TO.DEATHI.- shockirig discovery was made on board the Newcastle Company's steamer the Namoi, on Monday morning upon its ar rival in Sydney. Some member of the vagrant class had unperceived stolen on board the vess2:, when it was lying at Newcastle, in the hope of obtaining a passage to Sydney as a stowaway. He secreted himself in the space between the two huge boilers of the steamer, and, probably lulled to sleep by the warmth, perished there, for, with the fires alight and full steam up, he was literally baked to death during the voyage of the steamer to Sydney. \Vhen found the stowaway was in a crouched-up attitude. thelower portion of his body resting against one boiler, while his head lay against the other. One hand was clutching the steam pipe, as if he had died seeking to drag himself trom his hiding place. The greet heat: emitted from the furnaces had baked the body to such an extent that the features were unrecognisable. No money was found in the pockets of the deceased, and as prior to the de parture of the steamer from Newcastle a man answering his deecription 'had sought unsuccessfully to obtain a pass age "on the nod," it is assumed that the deceased was identical with the man who made that inqu'ry. The temper ature of: the hiding-place would be about s6odeg., and so intense was the heat that the unfortunate man's legs were actually roasted, while his body was covered with most frightful burns. At the inquest held later in the day, Dr. Taylor, the Government pathologist, testified that the deceased was from 27 to 3= years of age, and that the body was in a baked condition, due to being subjected to intense heat for a consider able time. THANKs.-- Elsewhere Mr. J. Smith thanks the electors of the East Riding for re-electing him as a councillor of the Shire of Portland. ABORIGINArL Co?SIPLAINTS.-Eleven 01 the aboriginals at the Framlingham re serve have written a letter to the "Warr nambool Standard," in which they com plain of insufficlent rations being sup plied them, and assert that for some days in each fortnight there is no fcod at all in the station. In reply to a statement made by the general inspector, that the blacks are "living quite ccmfortable and happy, and have no complaints to make, and make none," the Framlingham aboriginal say-" This is quite falSe, the fact being that we have great cadse for complaint, and attempt to get some grievences looked to when he comes to the station, but he will not listen for a momebt to anything." They further assert'that the allowance ot rations:is quite insufficient. They have no cows, andcannot get milk for children or thy sick. They ask for a horse and other assistance to enable them to cultivfte some of the land. As ExciTiNGsc INCIDENT. - A yOUhg man named McGuigan was taking a load of manure over t ford on the Campaspe, the current, which was running strongly, carried the horse oft its feet. It turned over on its back, and was drowned. McGuigan had also a narrow escape. The horse and dray were carried more than halt a mile down the creek, and deposited in a deep hole. McGuigan was not carried quite so far when he scrambled out. A MODEL SHIRIl. -Many country shires complain of being too highly rated, but at the monthly meeting of the rler siang Snire Council on Monday notice was given of the intention of the cotin cil to strike a rate of 6d. in the £1 for the ensuing year. This council has al ways managed its business very econom ically and invariably possesses a credit balance at its bankers. hlYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. - :A Baxcaldine telegram states that a rehliable correspondent of the " Western Champ ion" has telegraphed that a suspicious incident has occurred at Jundah. An elderly man, a well-known Western con tractor, who had drawn a big prize in one of "Tattersall's" sweeps, and was stay ing at an hotel at Jundah, disappeared last Monday night, and has not since been heard of. Appearances point'to his having been forcibly taken away, FURNITURE SALE.-Mr. J., R. WVoods will offer for sale ot his mart, on Saturday, a quantity of household .fur niture, &c.;, on behalf of Mr. A. Thomas, who is leaving the district. .SENSATIONAL SHOOTING AFFRAY.- sensational shooting affray occurred oil Saturday near Corowa. A writ had baen issued by the District Court registrar to destra?t upon the property of. Peter .McBride, a selctor, in satisfaction of a judgment for [6I. On Friday the bailiff, when he went to execute the writ, was informed by McBride that he would shoot any person w;io attempt.d to re-, move his sheep. Cameron returned to C-rowa for police assistance, and Went out again next day in company with Constable Ferguson and a drover. McBride met the party on arrival and threatened to shoot dhem if they meddled with his sheep. He then seized a gun, and while the constable was struggling with James McBride, a young man of 24 years of age, McBride, the elder, fired at the officer, but the shot only shat tered the lea-es of a tree over the con stable's head. Ferguson immediately. retaliated with six shots, fired in rapid succession, from his revolver at the elder McBride. One of she shoots took effect in the calf of his right leg, and another went through the rim of his hat. Learning that, there were three sons in the house, and reflecting that they might be all armed, Constable Ferguson and the baliff returned to Corowa. On Sunday morning a party of police went out to Mclride's and arrested the father and the son who had resisted Constable Ferguson. They were lodged in the lock-up, where the wound of the elder was attended to by Dr. Lang MINING ACTIVITY IN VICTORIA. Great interest in mining is .manifest at Mt liagul, Dunolly, owing to a splendid discovery by Donovan and party of reef specimens .Which ar: estimated to yield'. 50 oz., and the reef is expected to yield i oz per ton. Several lases have beeln takeri up, and a strong company formed to work one. Donovan was offered £2,ooo and a fifteenth share of the mine for his property. Several other parties have obtained nice. specimens, and the further development of'the line is anxiously awaited. Atrell and Com pany ctushed 251 tons for 85oz gdwt gold from the Sydney Reef, Twist's Creek, at Garlick'' -nil. Another io oz. are expected from the blankettings. Mr. C. Lush, the manager of the Australian Prospecting and Mlning Company, h;as written to the Mines department, stating that that company has discovered a reef at Big River, near MountArnold, Gipps land, which is reported to have given a yield of 7oz to the ton. Persons indebted to MZ. R:D.: Doug-. lass are elsewhere requested to pay up. The Flinders leaves this port tor Melbourne to-morrow morning. . The Casino leaves Melbourn,, to morrow (Thursday) afternoon; and this port early on Saturday morning. The, Australian. Eleven have now played 32 matches, which have resulted as follows :--Won, 19, lost 5, drawn 8. A commercial treaty between France and Japan' has beeh' sigfed' on behalf of the two countries. Mr.' V. A. Trenwith,- M.L.A. foi Richmond, Victoria, who in June lNast underwent an operation -for cataract,. continues to make favourable- progress. Payne and Lawis, who, with Megson, constitute the New South WVales.cycling team at present in England, competed at Wood Green on Saturday. but were unsuccessful, Although the crops . for..the_.coming season are niot yet assured, the Minister of Agriculture states that there has been sufficient rain in the western and north ern portions of the colony to carry the crops on for the next month .or so. Another rising against' Spanish 'rule has taken place in the Philippine Islands. The Governor, with a Spanish force, has encountered and dispersed a body of o000 rebels. A return issued by MIr. Fenton; the acting Government statist4 shows that the estimated population of Victoria on the 3c June last was 5,177,444, or 2~97 less than the estimated number at the end of the previous quarter. Advices from China state that 30 .oman Catholic mission stations in the orovince of Shantung have been des troyed by the members of a Chinese secret society. The British officers who were con cerned in Dr Jameson's raid on the Transvaal, and were, with their leader, sentenced last month to various terms of imprisonment, have been dismissed from the army. In view of the difficulty which has arisen between Italy and Brazil, caused by the outbreak of hostility on the part of the Braziliains towards the Italian immigrants, the Italian Government has prohibited any further emigration to Brazil. Mr Leslie J. Park, formerly secretary to the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited, was, at a meeting of the general committee of managemett, held recently, appointed General manager of the Society. He has been acting general manager since the death of Mir. T. Jaques Martin. MIr. A. F. Crombie has been appointed assistant general manager and secretary to the Board in Melbourne. Coal tar, formerly considered a waste and a regular nuisance to gas workers is now carefully saved and utilized as one of the most valuable of colour pro ducers. The chemists have extracted f:om it sixteen shades of blue, sixteen shades of yellow, twelve shades of orange and nine of violet, besides shades of other colors to numerous to mention. By a vote of 31 to II, the Iowa sen ate passed a bill making it a crime to manufacture or keep for sale cigarettes in the state of Iowa. It is known as the Phelps bill, and will pass the house by a big majority. It makes it unlawful to handle cigarettes in .any manner. They cannot be giveh away. The pen. ality is a fine orimprisonment, or both, The cut on Stanbury's band is now completely healed, and the champicn sculler is in splendid condition for the race with Gaudaur, which is to be rowed on the Thames on September 7, Sir Richard Cartwright, the new Cana dian Minister of Trade and Commerce, has been appointed a Canadia: delegate on the Pacific Cable Commission, in place of Sir" Mockenzie Bowell, late Premier, who has resigded. Mr..W. P. Reeves;.the Agent-General for New Zealand, has published a de. nmal'of a stateruent mrde by the Mel bourne cofrespondent of the " Econo mis;tt'" The .writerhadstated. that New Zealand Ministers greatly exaggerated "tre actial financial surpluses. Great Britain has asked Germany to give up the .usurper, Khalid Bargash, who. during the bombardment of the palace at Zanzibar by the British war ships fled ar.d took -refuge at the Ger man Consulate. Germany has, however, declined to surronder - the fugitive. Everything is now quiet at Zanzibar. The-question has arisen as to how far the provisions of. the Factories and Shops Act apply to-stationers and book sellers' shops. It is explained by Mr. Harrison Ord, the chief inspector of factories and shops, that these shops are included in the fourth schedule of the act, and, consequently, they can be kept open till any hour the proprietor oleases. After the Ist prox., however, every em ploye must be given a half- holiday on some day in the week. from an hour to be fixed by the Governor in Council. 