CATHOLIC. PASTORAL LETTER. ? * ? ISSUED BY THE PLENARY COUNCIL. ,THE SCHOOLS— MIXED MARBIAGES — FRIENDLY SOCIE TIES — AND THE CATHOLIC HOME The folio-wing is the full text of the Pastoral Letter addressed by the Archbishops and Bishops of Aus tralia assembled in second Plenary Council to the clergy and laity of their charge. Venerable and beloved brethren of the clergy, beloved children of the laity : — in taking note of the progress which religion has made within the ten years that have elapsed since the first Plenary Council of Australasia was held, ive Kavfi felt our hearts overflow with thankfulness to the Father of mercies and the God of all con solation for the abundant blessings lie has bestowed upon us in these latter years. We touch the pulse or' Australian Catholicism, and we recognize a ful ness, a vigour of life, that reminds us of the best days in Catholic history. It is blessed pre eminently with that gift from above, which our Divine Redeemer singled out in His prayer to His Heavenly Father on behalf of His Church, and which He intended as the, distinctive characteristic of His discipleo before the world, and the simple, direct proof of His own divine mission — the gift of unity. We can truly say of the Catholics of Aus tralia that our Divine Lord has ' kept them in one,' for there never was truer accord between pastors and people than that which exists between people and priests, between diocese and diocese, between province and province throughout these colonies ; nor is there in Christendom a National Church more loyal in its devotion and obedience to the Mother and Mistress of all Churches, the Holy Ca tholic Apostolic Church of Blessed Peter. Hence the joy with which, in conformity with Catholic usage, at the opening of our Synodal deliberations, we all renewed our solemn profession of the Faith as held and taught by St. Peter's successor ; for in so doing we satisfied the inmost yearnings of our hearts, and felt that you 'all, though absent in body, were with us in mind and spirit, and that your pro fession of the same Apostolic doctrines would be as prompt and as unreserved as our own. You are, in deed, daily making that profession of your Faith ; for what can be more admirable, more convincing, cthan the labours, fatigues, and sacrifices which you — both pastors and people — brave so cheerfully in order to extend its influence and safeguard it against dangers ? THE CUUKCH LIVES BY DIVINE FAITH. Human life does, it is true, in its manifold com plexity, supply motives for noble and disinterested action, and we are often now-a-days privileged to witness examples of its philanthropy. We rejoice in common with the present illustrious Head of the Catholic world at every stride which humane and benevolent co-operation has made in these latter times, to mitigate the hardships and assuage the sufferings of our fellow-men. We extend cordially the right hand of fellowship to all, of whatever profession, who aim at improving the lot of those who seem unable to make headway un aided. But even in these benevolent endeavours, we Catholics must kindle our zeal from a higker source than mere philanthropy. In every human being we recognize a brother, because we have faith in his Father and ours. The poorest human soul, seared as it may be by crime and stained by sin, retains in our eyes, in the eyes of the Church, enough of God's handiwork, whereupon to edify ' unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the age of the fulness of Christ.' The Catholic Church is not content to staunch the wounds and dress the sores of humanity ; like so many of her own Saints, .ahebends down and reverently, lovingly kisses them, for the love of Him who said : ' Amen, I say to you, as long as you did it to one of these,.my least brethren, you did it to me.' This is the secret of the Church's unwearied activity, that in every human being she beholds some lineaments of the ?blessed countenance of Christ. FAITH- INSPIRED ZEAL OF THE CHURCH. It is this consuming desire to bring our Divine Lord into the hearts and homes of men which stimulates the priest and sustains him in the midst of his anxieties ; which sheds over the lives of those who have given up domestic comforts in order to serve Gtod with an undivided heart, a joy that surpnsseth all understanding ; which nerves Catholics as a body to confront privations and sacrifices in behalf of that which they put above all pries, tke faith once delivered to the Saints. The Catholic population of Austral asia is something more than eight hundred thou sand. Without aid of any sort from the public funds to which they contribute, they support about nine hundred priests, secular and regular ; they maintain nearly four hundred teaching Brothers, over three thousand Sisters ; they have twenty-two colleges for boys and young men. one hundred and fourteen boarding- schools for girls, one hundred and. forty six superior schools for externs, about eight hun dred primary schools, sixty-two charitable institu tions, and nearly one hundred thousand children attending Oathoiic schools. These facts speak elo quently for the earnestness of Catholic Faith. For it is this living, energizing principle which lias called those institution!* into existence, and maintains them in their manifold variety. It is this spirit of faith which imparts to Catholic Councils their unique character ; for when the pas tors of the Catholic Church assemble to devise remedies for existing needs, they are fortified by the consciousnessthattheyknow their own minds and the minds of their people { they feel certain that their enactments will not remuin a dead letter, and that the words they publish will not fall to the ground. 1'HIENDLY DISPOSITION OF THE PEOPLE OF AUSTRALIA TOWARDS THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. Observant visitors to these colonies have been struck by the consideration which the Catholic Church everywhere enjoys, and by the rapid dis appearance of those dark prejudices against Catho lic doctrines and institutions which immigrants from the old lands took with them almost unawares. They were hardly to blame. In their minds the Catholic CJiurch was n hateful monster— such, indeed, has never existed, and could not have long existed, amongst men. It was a fiction handed down from, evil days, It was the offspring ot ignorance and credulity, and nothing could have availed to kill it but actual knowledge. That knowledge came when, men found themselves on these virgin lands united together in a common struggle with the forces of nature, and inspired by a common ambition to raise up a new nation. The spirit of citizenship is incompatible with social ostracism ; the honest heart of the hardy pioneer goes out readily to his fellow- worker irrespective of differences in religious belief. The sentiment of fair play, the principle of equal rights, has triumphed over prejudice ; and although it may take long to clear away all misconceptions, yet we are convinced that the people of Australia will never wittingly approve of persecution, and that year by year they will take a more favourable view of the Church's aims. A free, energetic, and pro gressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which befit freemen and safeguard progress ; and, as they realize the action of the Church upon the individual conscience and upon public sentiment, they will, we are sure, welcome so salutary an influence. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH COURTS EXAMINATION OF HER. worn; g. The Catholic Church has never shrunk from in viting inquiry into her works. Conscious of being the witness and teacher appointed unto mankind by Him who appealed to His works in proof of His divine mission, she confidently invites all men to judge her by her works, to test her by her fruits. Her credentials are indeed manifold. They cover her past history since the dawn of prophecy. They meet and satisfy the mind on every plane of investigation ; but by a marvellous dispensation of divine wisdom they are virtually summarized so a3 to be brought home to the capacities of all in every single age by the simple spectacle of the Church in her daily life. Who can fail to see that she is about her Father's business ? Who can deny that she goes about doing good ? Who can listen to her and not confess that 3he teaches, not like the scribes and doctors, but with authority ? Her hierarchy, in spired with confidence in Christ's perennial pre sence, knows no distinction of rank ov caste ; and yet, who toil more arduously for the present ? who plant more assiduously for future generations ? Her levites and handmaids are filled with the same universal synrpathies, the same uncalculating gene rosity. She influences babes and sucklings ; the Catholic child at its school- tasks shows a tone of thought, a moral temper that cannot be mistaken. She at once speaks from the housetops to the great concourse of men, and yet reaches the most secret recesses of the individual mind. She touches the conscience at its quickest. She leavens the whole soul with a transmuting virtue. Everyone feels the distinctive character of Catholic conscience, and everyone who understands must admit that it makes for modesty, purity, honesty. The Church does not make light of the Stoic virtues ; she extracts from them the sting of the serpent, the venom of pride and sel fishness. The heroes she has crowned were, without fear and without reproach. Be cause her conversation is in heaven, it is her delight to be amongst the children of men ; and she pavs the penalty of the disinterested in being so much misunderstood. They who have no relish for things heavenly are out of patience with her be cause she will not confine her activity to the bene volence of earth ; while the self-righteous would keep her within the rails of the sanctuary, suffering a sin-laden world to proceed along the path it has chosen. The Catholic Church confesses herself a debtor to all men. She will not take up her parable with those who elect to preach the glorification of any race in particular ; she will not be content to interest cultured circles in questions of the soul ; nor will she depend upon odd proceedings in order to attract attention for a season ; she has other means of leading men to Christ. ' Let a man so account of us,' says the Apostle, ' as of the ministers of Christ, and the dispensers of the myp teries of God.' She is filled with solicitude to be faithful to her ministry, for her strength lies therein. She will not cease to preach truth and' justice and meroy j to vindicate the rights and dig nity of man ; to stand, as she has often stood, be tween the oppressed and the oppressor ; but she cannofe court applause at the expense of the Gospel. Her precepts will always be sane and her counsels feasible. She cannot undertake to preach a new Gospel. She has no call to tickle the itching ears of those who are weary of the Apostolic mes sage. She has, however, an unbounded conli dence in the efficiency of that message for the heal ing of the nations. It is one of the hopeful signs of this closing century that the words which the Head of the Church, the Vicar of Christ, has ad dressed to Christendom have been received with growing respect by those who are not of the fold, and have repeatedly been welcomed with joyous acclaim alike by the rulers and peoples of the earth. CATHOLICS OBLIGED TO EDIFY BY THEIR EXAMPLE. Now, the goodwill manifested by nonCatho lics towards the doctrines and institutions of the Church imposes upon us, pastors and people, a cor responding duty. It is no small thing to be account able in any measure for a brother's ignorance of saving truth ; we dare not in the last day plead that we ? were not our brother's keeper. When the Church's own words fully reach the heart, they come fraught with conviction. Through them the Holy Ghost articulates his message to the soul. But' the simplest and most natuval way for men to come face to face with the Church is through the conversation and life of their Cathoiic acquaint ances. The example of the flock to the world is the test by which the world will appraise the work of the pastor, and, of the Church he represents. It is a terriblp thing to cause the word of God to be bhis phemed. Remember the ?vyoe denounced by our Divine Lord against those who shall have given scandal. Let Catholics not forget that they owe religious obligations to their non-Catholic neigh bours as well as offices of charity towards their Catholic brethren. In excusing the transgression of a weak brother you may err thvaugh' excessive indulgence ; in cemdoning the fault of one you may scandalise many. Be tender and merciful as be comes the disciples of Him who prayed for His executioner, and who commands us to pardon a brother's offence, not seven times merriljr, but seventy times seven. But be just. Mete out condemnation impartially, and remember that no man can serve God or Hi? Church so long as he is untrue to his obligations to wards his fellow-men, without distinction of Te\\\z gibn. Let your judgments be biassed by «o party interests ; but while eschewing hatful 'ihquisitorial practices, strive, in ftU fixings' to uphold justice, in tegrity, and decorum. Be not intimidated by ^ caprice, though for a season it should wear the com- ] manding aspect of public opinion. The fundamen- . tal truths by which your minds are enlightened j should always shine luminously over your ways, i Have courage. Hide not this heavenly light from ] the eyes of your fellow-countrymen. Hold it up to j them, that they too may learn to admire .it and to - love it, and that they may be led by it unto the ] Holy Mountain and into the tabernacles of the Lord. - HINDRANCES TO CATHOLIC PROGRESS. ] We have spoken hopefully of the prospect that ; opens to the Church in these colonies, founding our i confidence upon the innate vigour of the Church it- i self and upon the generous character of the Austra lian people. But we must not close our eyes to the / ' many grave obstacles that beset Catholic progress. ^ If the public mind shows itself open to fair state- ] ment, it is constitutionally, and all but uncon- 1 sciousl3r, prepossessed against all truths which claim obedience on the ground of supernatural revelation. The spirit of this age is opposed to the supernatural order, and outside the Catholic Church the spirit of the age is in the ascendant. The revolt of the past four centuries has proceeded logically in the direc tion of its initial movement. The fathers rebelled against God's Church ; the children are now repu diating God Himself. The .sentiment of reverence, once the basis of order, is now derided as a weakness, and truths the most sacred are travestied with out eliciting a rebuke. The organs through which the public mind expresses itself are unmis takably secularist. The press of these colonies is almost wholly secularist ; and while we thankfully acknowledge its candour in dealing with Catholic subjects, we cannot forbear insisting that its tone is alien, and that it necessarily militates against the diffusion of Catholic thought and the formation of Catholic opinion. Outside the pale of the Church the Australian people have declared themselves, so. far, on the side of secularism. They favour secular ism in the press; they have established secularism in the school ; they connive at/secularism in all the departments of national economy. No religious authority besides the Catholic Church has made any serious attempt to dispute the ascendency of secularism. Akin to secularism is the inordinate desire of wealth. Secularism would have men live upon bread alone, scorning the Word of God aB fo'lly. By an inevitable law the greed of earth grows insatiate, for the whole world cannot satisfy a hungry soul. This all-devouring gold hunger paralyzes the divine life which was infused into the soul through the Sacrament of Baptism; it stints the noble faculties of heart and mind, whose ordeily development under the light and warmth of God's grace constitutes the particular object of Catholic discipline, and affords the surest guarantee of domestic peace and national stability. The Church loves the poor for their sufferings, but does not wish their poverty. She has been to infant peoples the nurse of discipline, the inspirer of the useful arts ; she sanctified labour by placing all its branches under heavenly tutelage; she encouraged thrift and co- operation, and rejoiced in the comfort and independence of the people. But she loves Lazarus rather than the rich man ' who was clothed in purple and fine linen, and feasted sump tuously every day.' She is not ashamed to be stigmatized as the Church of the poor ; for she remembers how hard it is for those who are rich to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Happiness, peace, and contentment are not the portion cf the rich. The Church's ideal for her people is that described by the Apostle :— ' Godli ness with contentment is great gain. For we brought nothing into this world ; and certainly we can carry nothing out. But having food and where with to be covered, with these we are content. For they that will become rich fall into temptations and into the snare of the devil, and into many unprofit able and hurtful desires, which drown men into destruction and perdition. For the desire of money is the root of all evils ; which some coveting have erred from the faith, and have entangled themselves in many sorrows' (i. Tim. vi., 6-10). There is a third symptom of our national life which fills us with concern ; we mean the compara tive weakness of domestic ties. The immigrants to these new lands had beautiful traditions of home life, its authority, its reverence, and its manitold sanctities. These gentle influences are, we feat, on the wane in Australia. Children are apt as they grow up to neglect their parents ; brothers and sisters going forth into the world soon lose sight of one another. The result is that parents have to bear the chagrin of being forsaken in their old age by the children whom they toiled so hard to rear and educate ; while these in turn suffer much by the loss of those intimate family relations, which in creating a certain solidarity of name and character have, in other lands, often restrained passion and nerved the despondent. St. Paul's forewarning re curs to our minds while wo are treating of this sub ject : ' Know also this, that in the last days shall come dangerous times. Men shall be lovers of themselves, covetous, haughty, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, ungrateful, wicked, without ?affection, without pence, slanderous, incontinent) unmerciful, without kiadness, traitors, stubborn, puffed up, and lovers of pleasures more than of God ; having an appearance indeed of godliness, but denying the power thereof. . . . Ever learning, and never attaining to the knowledge of the truth..** (II. Tun. iii. 1-7). It can hard.ly be gainsaid that much of this gloomy picture of moral degeneration and religious decadence has its counterpart in con temporary manners. Pride and haughtiness, cove tousness and love of the world, disohed.ipnpe to parents and, want of aSection, ryg but too characteristic of our times. These baneful in fluences permeate the morul atmosphere in which we live. They are the chief obstacles to the expan sion of Catholic faith, and they are the fountain sources of those dangers against which we have to warn our people in season and out of season,. the dangers of mixed marriages and irrelvglaus educa tion. Of these dangers we shall tW\t wore in detail. At present we mu ;t con.sU\ey the antidotes whioh the Qhurch employp against the baneful influences of whioh we have been speaking. THE REMEDIES. To you, Venerable Brethren of the Clergy, who are our fellow -labourers in the Lord's -vineyard,,-- called thereto by our Divine Master, ijq, you we naturally turn first of all, in orclcy. %a oonfer with you on these dangers tV^ owiTront us. Our wrestling is not \\\\\t\\\ f{euh. and. blood, but with the spiritc c|. i^k^qn.ess *u Mgn places ; and our arms -kiusa''b.e «f oihey temper than what may be wn ujht by human cunning. We must put on -i$«u,s Christ. Every priest must atu.dy to, \$ a,notk.or Christ unto his flock ^ for ^h,e, ex.arup.le of; the pviest ? | will most, of all determine the character of the £ people. Not in a day, nor in a week, nor in a year. H tie will have heed of the longanimity of Christ'. He B may and will be disappointed and distressed. Many n i time the obdurate will turn a deaf ear to his ex- E lortations. The libertine will often seek to impute . B jelfish motives to his zeal in order to mask his own B jorrupt courses. But, after all, when he feels per- 6 naps that his efforts are vain and would almost sink B lown exhausted for weariness of spirit, saying with B ;he Prophet : ' It is enough for me, Lord ; take B iway my spirit '; then at length the hand of the B Lord will show itself ; words which till then fell B upon deaf ears will come hoiae with an irresistible B Eorce, and hard hearts will melt into repentance. n We can do all things in Him who strengthened us. E We do not understand His secret counsels, nor do B we know tlie times and moments He hath H put in His own power to take possession of hearts ; Sj but this we do know, that whenever we pray in ' « His name, we are sure to receive of the good Spirit, ? md the labours we endure for His people come B norne to them in due time. The priest must be a 6 nan of prayer and a man of work. On the wings ? jf prayer he must rise to communion with God, and B lerive inspiration therefrom for his evjry undertak- B .ng. By habitual prayer the priest saves his mind B xomworldliness, and preserves the savour of divine 1 conversation. To this he is called : 'You are the 1 salt of the earth. But if the salt lose its savour, B wherewith shall it be salted? It is good for noth- 1 ng any more, but to be cast out and trodden on by B nen.'' (Matth. v., 13.) The distinctive virtues of I ;he priest are either loved or hated, for they ema- B late from communion with heaven. But how can 1 ;he priest be assiduous and fervent in prayer unless I \e is a frequent visitor before the tabernacle? I When Jesus deigned to take Peter and James and I Fohn into His company in the hours of His agony , E lid He take it lightly that they failed to watch with I [lim? In those gentle words of upbraiding: . I ? Could you not watch one hour with Me ?' do we 1 lot catch the sad foreboding of the flight and the 1 ienial which soon followed ? Here in the obscurity 1 md lowliness of the Sacramental Presence, Jesus I :alls us, His priests, away into the shades of the I sanctuary, away from the revels and tumults of the I ivorld, away from the mad onrush of sin and bias- i )hemy, that lay upon His spirit in Gethsemani, 1 iside 'with Him to be witnesses of His divine con- I lescension, and to say to Him : ' Lord, thou art 1 iaint and pallid, and we know the reason; Thou I las come to win hearts and they have tur.ied away § :rom Thee, and blasphemed Thee ; but behold, O 1 Lord, we would give Thee ours !'! I It would be well if the priests o£ Australia joined I :heir brethren of other countries in associations — 1 such, for instance, as that of 'The Eucharistie I League,' or 'The Priests' Adorers,' haying for I ^articular object to adore and honour our Divine 1 Lord in the Holy Eucharist. We know that Satan i .s active, inciting men to heap blasphemy and 1 outrage on our Blessed Lord in the Holy Sacra- 1 nent. It is stated on good authority that in the 1 lity of Paris alone several altars are erected for the I worship of Satanf; and at the orgies indulged in by 1 iis abandoned votaries, it often happens that the | noBt Holy Sacrament is exposed to unutterable 1 nockeries. The patience of Jesus is incomprehen- I sible to our narrow minds ; but it is ever victorious i in the long result ; His voluntary surrender of Him- i self into the hands of His enemies turns to their 1 final discomfiture. 1 So it has been once more. These horrible sacri- I Leges have aroused the zeal of the French priest- § liood ; and the association which they instituted to 1 make reparation for these outrages has already ex- 1 tended far beyond the limits of France. The I Eucharistie Congresses owe their origin to the same I pious desire. They have now assumed vast propor- I bions, and count for much in the revival of faith and I devotion, in the ever-intensifying union of Catholics I throughout the world, and their extraordinary de- 1 votion to the centre of Catholic authority, which 1 happily mark the present time. Australia is as yet I too sparsely peopled and too remote from other coun- I tries to attempt the work of the Congresses ; but it I is not too much to expect that the priests should 1 join their brethren of the ministry in other coun- 1 tries, and observe the simple duties prescribed for 1 members of 'The League.' You wish the faithful I to pay frequent visits to our Divine Lord, and, B doubtless you set them the example. Join yovw | homage with that of thousands of brother priests 1 all the world over, so that your voice may swell the* 1 hymn of praise and thanksgiving which ought to go I up to our Emmanuel, our Hidden Gad, for His* 1 loving self-abasement. , , I When the priest resides near the- churcli, the . I Blessed Sacrament should be continually present in I the tabernacle, with the lamp, burning before it. The j faithful will thus have the opportunity of com- | ing before our Divine Loyd, in the course of 1 the day, and th\e adoration of loving hearts I will go up, perpetually, receiving in reward count- I less graces for themselves. and the whole parish. We I are gla,d to. kno,w that you, Reverend Brethren, are I zealous in extending devotion to our Blessed Lord I in the sacrament of His Love. The Forty Hours' B Adoration is now established throughout Austra-.. 1 lia. Confraternities of the Holy Family or of '^&, 1 Sacred Heart are flourishing in many parishes, andi 1 are being daily multiplied. Redouble yor_r efforts-,. I if passible, to extend and deepen, this m^* salutary 1 spirit of devotion amongst our people^ Bring our I Saviour home to thoiv minds and hearts. He alone I can and will save them from t-iQ WOrldly spirit o£ | the day, ' g DISINTERESTED!^;^ OF THE CLER.GH2T. 1 We know well, ve^able brethren, your labours E and your disinterestedness, and; we therefore desiie I to premise the observation which we are about lo I make regarding the necessity oil removing all sus- 1 picion of avarice from the priestly office-,, wi*'uh a 1 testimony to the self- denying charactoy oi' the Aus- i tralian priesthood, taking them a\i to all1, Sr.me few i pioneer priests availed of the exceptional o* jportuni- I ties which the circumsta»,ces. of; the l-- mes placed 1 within reach in ordev toa&ye; up.m^nc for religious I and charitable px^o^es. The*, wanner in which I they have de\\#s«$the mpnev thu'j honourably ac- 1 quired ;?. U-,ft best vindication of their original in- 1 ten%a, '1 hey regarded, those means as sent provi- g a^ntially m their wa;y, and have handed them over I 1 as faithful stewards to their Master. And the pecu- I liar difficulties, amending the ordinary administra- | tion of th.Q Qhuroh under the voluntary system, | adraira.Tita ^n, spirit as that system is, but too plainly I sug8^.tls*e want of some fixed, source of revenue, no.Vwieed, to supplant the usual method of sup p^t, but to supplement it fox urgent needs which it is hardly adapted to roo&t.; \--. -. As long as the priest is in health, the congregation jJU^ will amply supply hig, wants. But we must rcmcl^^HMgte»/ . m$r frer that the Australian missions, and especially the rural missions, impose a strain on the priest's con stitution ?which is simply beyond human endurance for long years together. The Sundays' journeys, now in fierce heat, again in wet weather, over many miles, while the priest is, of course, observing the strictest fast till one — perhaps two — o'clock in the afternoon ; and in the meantime all the labours of that day's ministry, with the anxieties inseparable from the fitting discharge of an office so sublime and so responsible ; all this following Sunday after Sun day for years, not to speak of other severe labours, renders it important that some provision should be made to enable each priest to take temporary repose at certain intervals, without, however, inter fering with the regular parochial administration. But it is even more important that when the priest is stricken down by illness or failing strength he should have some definite provision awaiting him. Until this is adequately secured, the priest must, in duty and common sense, take measures for himself, at the risk of being considered worldly wise. And if from time to time a few have outstripped the bounds of priestly unselfishness, we are compelled to state that far more often have the priests of Aus tralia bestowed too little thought on their own future wants. While health and strength lasted they have given freely to the poor, to the church building, to the school, to every object which com mended itself on religious grounds or on motives of public spiric, and have left themselves poorly secured against the evil day. We therefore feel 'bound, in justice to yourselves, lleverend Brethren, and for the sake of removing all excuse for money making, we feel bound to exhort the ordinaries and clergy of each diocese to take practical measures as soon as possible for establishing a Sustentation Fund for invalided priests ; and where such fund is already in existence, to bring it up to the require ments of the diocese. For this end, it will be well to advise the faithful that it is a very deserving object of benevolence, and that contributions made thereto have the double merit of rewarding those who have been disabled on the battle-field in their service, and of nerving the strong to go forward with their daily duties, without fear or anxiety for the coming years. THE PARISH REGISTER. The shepherd must know his flock. Every pastor is bound to ascertain who amongst his people are attentive to their religious duties, and who are re miss. The needs of the young and of the old, of those who are unprepared for the reception of the sacraments of the Blessed Eucharist and Confirma tion and call for his attention, and of those who, by reason of distance from the church, or ill-health, or old age, are unable to comply with the obligation of receiving Paschal Communion, in a word the parti cular circumstances of each household and each member of tne familj ought to be well known to him. But it is not sufficient to stop here ; he is bound to record these matters in the parish register. For otherwise he himself might easily lose sight of cases in course of time. If he is removed from the mission, his successor must not lose much time in ascertaining the wants of the faithful unless he has the register to consult. The same may be said of the assistant priest who comes to aid the pastor ; much of his time will be occu pied for the first month in making out for himself what he could learn by a glance, at a well-kept register. These registers ought to be carefully made out by every pastor, and ought to be forthcoming for the Bishop's inspection at visita tion. Let the priest remember that he represents the Church in his office, that that office extends to every individual soul in the mission, and that he is bound to present an accurate account of his steward ship to the Bishop. MONETARY ACCOUNTS. The pastor should attend carefully to the decrees and instructions of the first Plenary Council of Aus tralasia regarding church accounts. Too much care cannot be bestowed on this important subject. It has happened sometimes that the priest, after much worry and labour in raising moneys for paro chial purposes, and after very considerable outlay from his own revenues, was accused more or less openly by suspicious grumblers of having dealt un fairly by the funds. Now this is a peculiarly cruel trial for a priest, and hence the need of accurate accounts. These accounts should be kept in the parish achives, and if fche Bishop thought well to have duplicates in the diocesan archives he ought to be furnished therewith. The attention to details, however trifling, is not unimportant so long as it serves to save our ministry from blame. PUNCTUALITY IN THE DISCHARGE OF PRESCRIBED DUTIES. The faithful have a right to be informed of the precise time fixed for Mass, Confessions, Baptism. In centres of population, where the congregation is numerous, the hourc fixed, especially for Confes sions and Baptisms, should be indicated upon a fliotice- card in some convenient place in or near the -jhureh. When the priest has to attend a mission of th?*ee or more stations, the Sundays and hours for Mass' -at esush station or church should be posted up at the C.hureh for a considerable time in advance. The priesu .should keep to the days and hours thus notified, l^e custom which has prevailed in -some parts, of notifyi3o MaS3 t° out-stations by letter or telegram a few day's beforehand, should be discon tinued. It leads i° disappointments and uncer tainties, and results hi irregularity ar^ Jepidity. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION, Neither Bishops nor priests are appointed to minister at tables, but to preach the word, to ad minister the sacraments, and to attend to prayer. ?\Vti must, indeed, do all we may to help the poor and succour the needy, but, after all, our chief business is to ia struct unto salvation. You will bear in mind, therefore, the sound advice of Holy Church to all pastors, &.n advice which ha? been repeatedly in culcated by council after council, and notably by the holy Council of Trent, ande mphasized lately in , the instructions on preaching issued by the precent Sovereign Pontiff to the clergy of Italy. The Holy Scriptures, as interpreted by the fathers, councils, and doctors of the Church, should supply the staple of the Sunday's sermon. The Church s doctrine should be presented in simple, correct tormc, and all artificial graces unbefitting the severe dignity of the Gospel sedulously avoided. The truths of tiie Gospel are so harmonious, so luminous, bo healing of themselves, that no effort of human eloquence approaches the effect which they are calculated to \^bv produce on hearers of goodwill. The priest's dis Bfflffifil'vJourtje from the pulpit should be expressed as tar as possible in the inspired words of Holy Writ. They possess a certain amount of sacramental vir tue. Preaching should for the most part consist of instructions and exhortations. In our time and country instruction is urgently needful. Let us not take for granted that all ''members of the congrega tion have a well-defined conception of even the principal mysteries of our holy faith. They have the divine spirit of faith, the instinct, if we ma)' so call it, of Catholic faith. They would one and all at once detect the cloven foot of the false teacher were such a one to appear in the pulpit. But it is of the first importance that they should be further equipped with explicit and perfect knowledge. It is not sufficient for the times that Catholics should be able to at once feel what is true from what is false ; they need to be able to express, according to their general attainments, the precise teaching of Holy Church, and the grounds upon which it rests. And this is quite feasible in our days of general education. All Catholic3 read throughout these colonies. They have been taught their Catechism in childhood. If this is made the basis of clear simple instructions at certain intervals during the year, they will soon know how to give an account of the hope that is in them. THE SCHOOL. But without the Catholic school we may say the priest is striving in vain to rear a Christian gene ration. The conditions of his toil recall the dis advantages under which the Jews on their return from captivity laboured to restore the Holy City. ' Of them that built on the wall, and that carried burdens, and that laded ; with one of his hands he did the work, and with the other he held a sword ' (2 Esdras iv., 17). Education, and especially religious education, has need to be carried on with out disturbance of conviction. The mind cannot develop its faculties without that first requisite of discipline — teachableness ; and the young mind is, in particular, in danger of arriving at no results if it is tossed about by every wind of doctrine. Hence we hold the Catholic school to be so essential to the Catholic faith in these colonies, where hardly two noi^'ibnurs agree in religion, that we repeat what was laid down by the first Plenary Council of Australasia, viz., — If thepastor and his congregation find themselves for a time unable to build both church and school, they ought by all means to begin with the school. Thinly-peopled missionary dis ticts cannot have Catholic schools within reach of the children. In these cases it will be incumbent on the clergy to arrange with parents and others who are competent to impart religious instruction, to gather the children together on Sundays and at other convenient times, and set them their tasks and explain their Catechism to them. Of course, the priest should in every case make frequent visits to those Christian Doctrine classes. At the best, the results can hardly be satisfactory, but it is his duty to do all that lies in his power for such children. As neither they nor their parents can be held accountable for their absence from the Catho lic schools, we may well hope that God in His mercy will give both parents and children special graces to make up for the disadvantages under which they labour. We frequently find in the course of our visitations to such remote settlements wonderful evidences of what lively faith can do m the midst of trials and difficulties. We have found most con soling and encouraging proofs again and again amidst such surroundings as these of the indestruc tible life which prevades Catholicism in Australia. SOCIETIES AND GUILDS. Both the Church and the world recognize the power of association for common ends. Individual effort is certain to be of small avail in dealing with multitudes. We must bring the weight of num bers into line with our projects. Fellowship has a stimulating power of its own ; it needs only to be directed by a common idea. If the heroic achieve ments of the Church are due largely to individuals, the permanence of this work has been secured by co-operative action. Our great saints have broken new ground and founded new institutions to carry on the work of God ; but even they recognize that in the ordinary dispensations of Providence such work has to be carried on from day to day by the combined efforts of men who are not called to live the heroic. No power has ever been so fruitful of association as the Church. When the Church had the fullest influence upon European society she multiplied associations and guilds for every legiti mate purpose ; the trades and arts of civil life, the care of the sick and the poor, education, in a word every department of activity, was supplied with organized agencies for its more effectual accomplish ment ; and while the Church fostered and sanctified those guilds she did not trench on their internal management ; she left them autonomous, only re quiring that they should be Christian and Catholic. Nor has the Church ceased, even under less favour able conditions, to encourage associations amongst the faithful, having for their object the promotion of piety, and their social and temporal welfare, The present Sovereign Pontiff has, as you know, strongly urged upon the bishops and priests of the Catholic world the advisability of extended co-operation amongst Catholic workers, in order to protect their rights against unscrupulous employe™ and usurers on the one hand, and to safe guard their faith and Christian morals from the risks to which they are exposed in the fellowship of men who are hostile to the Catholic religion. Let us therefore exhort' you to nurse in every parish the various associations which suit the conditions of your people, and which come with the sanction of ecclesiastical authority and the recommendation of thp good results which have sprung from them wherever they have been wisely fostered. THE G^JjflREN OF MARY. There is hardly a town of impovtanpp throughout the colonies but has attached to the parish church a branch of that excellent association, the Children of Mary. It would be hard to over-estimate the good which the spirit of this association is daily effecting throughout Australia ; silently, modestly drawing the hearts and mindc of Catholic maidens to love with a personal love thit virtues of the Yirgin Mother. Such silent influences are thoy that trans form the world, leavening the home and its intense relations xyith the holiest and purest virtueo. We rejoice to know that neither pastors nor people need any words of exhortation from, us to foster this adr mirabk rsociety. ASSOCIATION OF THE HOLY FAMILY. In his great desire to remedy the evils of the times we live in, Our Holy Father has aimed at the rehabilitation of the ideal Christian family life, such as it universally was before the spread o'f the cpr rupting influences of modern errors. To this end, by a brief of 20th November, 1890, and by subse quent enactments, Leo the Thirteenth confirmed and approved a pious association, the object of which is ' that Christian families may consecrate them selves to the Holy Family of Nazareth, placing it before them for veneration and imitation, offering up in its honour every day prayers before its image, and practising in their lives the sublime virtues which the Holy Family offered for imitation to every grade of society, especially to the working class.' This association, the establishment of which in every diocese has long been the earnest wish of the Pope, we heartily commend to our faithful flocks in Australia ; and we have no doubt that in every parish, where the knowledge and love of the Family of Nazareth are brought into the homes of the people the pastor will soon find the lives of his parishioners more regular ; and he will rejoice to see, instead of quarrelling, hatred, impatient discontent, and im purity, those beautiful flowers of concord, charity, patience, and chastity, which bloom best in the garden that is protected by the safeguards the family sentiment provides, and are made fertile by the graces of which a good Christian family is the Channel. THE CONFRATERNITY OF THE SACRED HEART. Wherever it may be feasible, we would recom mend the establishment of a branch of the Confra ternity of the Sacred Heart. The devotions in com mon take pla'^e once a month ; the priest can easily attend, and the people will not object to the incon venience of the Thursday evening's Confession, and attendance at Mass on the morning of the first Fri day in the month. This Confraternity is happily so well known to our clergy and people, and its fruits are so manifest, that we need not use many words in recommending it. Our Divine Lord is faithful to His promise. Wherever this devotion is observed by priests and people, the labours of the priest are richly rewarded, and the laity enjoy the blessings of holiness and domestic peace. TEMPERANCE SOCIETIES. It wrings our hearts to think of the miseries, spiritual and temporal, which come upon indivi duals and on entire households from the one sin of drunkenness. The baneful influence con fronts us daily, and in every station of life. If the schoolboy, who was his parents' idol, and the hope and joy of the priest who watched over his developing capabilities, grows morose and sour, is disobedient to his parents, keeps late hours, and as a matter of course ceases to approach the Sacra ments, and almost gives up the Sunday's Mass, we know whither he gravitates as by a natural neces sity ; his new home is the grog-shop, his ambition quenched in the tap-room. Nor is this the worst. His errors are not for a season. Of other trans gressions we may hope for amendment ; but the poison of the glass creates its supremacy, and in spite of efforts agaiu and again to shake it off, the drunkard but too often gives up in despair of reform. He feels the grip upon him is too strong. The tippling young man becomes the drunken husband, the drunken father. In his sober hours he may be faithful and affectionate to his wife and children, but who can answer for him when he is no longer fit to answer for himself r Here begins the long-drawn tragedy of home. Here the canker that enters the soul of the poor confiding woman who trusted her maiden sanctity and all her hopes in life to this man out of all the world. First comes poverty, loss of money, loss of place ; then Iosr of hope that anything can avail to reform her drunken husband ; and in the blank despair which comes upon her, what wonder that sho seeks forgetful ness of her miseries in the glass herself, or that she succumbs to want and heartbreak, leaving her dear little ones to the cold care of a State department. But we need not rehearse the saddening tale of the drunkard's career and end. Our concern is rather to devise counter influences by which the vile appetite may be arrested. And, to begin with, we do not look for any single panacea. Healthy reli gious home life will do much; regular recourse to the Sacraments and assiduous prayer will do even more. In this, as in all dangers to the soul, the avoidance of occasions which suggest or lead to the transgression, are of the utmost consequence. The pastors of the Church are aware of the complex nature of the influences which promote or retard moral progress, and they cannot, therefore, put entire trust in any single method of coping with the vice of drunkenness. Neverthe less, we must not belittle the influence of associa tion in this direction ; and in populous centres esjjeeially, where the dangprs of demoralizing asso ciations are urgent, societies for the promotion of temperance ought to find a place amongst parochial guilds. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETIES. The Catholic school supplements the home and the Church in forming and safeguarding the child and the boy. The man who has taken upon himself the cares of home finds in these cares a like saving power. But young men for the most part are simply sent forth to do battle with the seductions of life as best they can, depending on the principles and on the good sense which they have gathered in boyhood. If they join any of the devotional asso ciations, such as that of the Holy Family or the Sacred Heart, or some Catholic bonefit society they will of course have every necessiry protection. But we think they ought to have the attractions proper to their age, and that these can best be found in Catholic Young Men's Societies. Such societies exist in several parts of Australia, and are exceedingly vigorous where they have received full encouragement from the ecclesiastical authosities. The members have invariably evinced the utmost willingness to abide by the advice of their spiritual directors, and have been forward to avow their religious principles courageously and nobly. Young men have been found easy to persuade and willing to be guided. They are generally alive to the interest taken in their welfare ; and on the whole they will be found zealous to, bring the influence of the society to bear upon weak members in order to lead them gently to better ways. In dealing with this association it is well for the priests to bear in mind that its primary end is the religious and general improvement of the members ; and therefore that certain works, in tljeinselves of a praiseworthy nature, inuy not sometimes be acceptable to some members. It will be boat to adhero to the lines suggested by the aim and scqne of th.o fjqejety. In the result, a- wGll-workpd, healthy Catholic- -Young Men's Society will inspire its members with zeal and disinterestedness, and afford the priest much help in his various undertakings, In some places the society nieet annumlv at breakfast after one of their quarterly communj. ms; and, such reunions, fol lowing immediatly on the reception of the Sacra- If ment of Christian Brotherhood, have proved both I attractive and inspiring. h UENEFIT SOCIETIES. j ' It; is better that two ahould go together than one ; for they have tb« advantage of tbeir society : If ouo fall he shall bo supjiorted by the other ; Wee to him that is alone, for when ho falleth, hu hath none to life him up.' (Ecclo* | siastes iv , 9-10). t The Church has ever encouraged the poor to help themselves by mutual co-operation. The his tory of the guilds of the ages of faith shows how minute and far- reaching was the rational collectiv ism which she promoted. Every industry, every trade and craft, had its proper guild, the chief object of which was to defend the interests of its members against encroachments from without, and against one another by securing competence and ' skill as a condition of membership. The guild was j in its entire life permeated by a thoroughly Catho lic spirit. It had its patron saint, its chapels in the parochial and cathedral churches, its special holi days, its contributions for spiritual as well as tern- [ poral needs ; and whenever beset with difficulties it looked to the Church for support. The Church was 'l then a powerful patron. Moiiarchs and nations were effectually held in restraint by her. She opposed kings and emperors courageously when she felt it a duty to cross their wishes ; but she did not oppose \ the designs of the Commons when they united into municipal bodies for mutual aid and protection. She rather incurred the displeasure of liege lords by her sympathies with those steady, self-reliant workers. The relations of the Church to the world are now different, but her spirit is not changed ; she ] looks to the honest toilers for the best achievements ! of her civilization, and is fain to see them unembar- j rasped by obstructions which are not inherent in the j nature of things. She refuses to regard the worker I as a mere producing machine ; his dignity as man, \ his duties and rights as father, his wants spiritual j and corporal, impose conditions which must not be wholly set aside by the operation of any economic laws whatsoever. Such laws must indeed be re spected. Impracticable schemes will be sure to I recoil upon the woikers themselves if they dare to \ indulge in them ; but the advocates of economic j science have not seldom appealed to it in justifica- ! tion of measures which experience has since proved j to be as unnecessary as they were mischievous. The i workers stand in need of defence ; let them defend j themselves. But let them bear in mind that a man's \ worst enemy may be of his own household, and that ? when they are led by incompetent or unscrupulous guides, they are sure to fall into evils worse than those from which they seek to escape. They canm t violate the laws of justice and honesty with impu « nity ; but they can and ought to protect themselves i against unscrupulous exactions. At present it seems impossible to lealize in this new country the ideal which presided over guild life in the Ages of Faith, ; and which is urged in the Encyclical of the Sove reign Pontiff, viz., the amalgamation in one society of the interests of employers and employed. In time ; things may issue in some such harmonious fusion. '? But for the present it appears necessary that the ? workers should combine amongst themselves for v j mutual aid ; and that they should be guided in their \ actions by strictly moral principles. We therefore y-. ' desire that our Catholic people who have to live by : ' their toil should form themselves into such a ? ; a body, and perhaps it is best that they : accept and develop those Catholic benefit societies which exist already in these colonies. It must be borne in mind that the members of : Catholic benefit societies are bound to comply with the religious ordinances of the Church. They will be expected to set an example of regular obser vance in attending the Sunday's Mass and approach- i ing the Sacraments. They are not asked to do works : ol' supererogation ; they are simply called upon to comply with the laws which bind all Catholics. j With regard to the internal administration of the i society, and especially its temporalities, the Church I will not seek to interfere with its workings. But the priest ought to ascertain whether the branch ] under his spiritual guidance is on a sound basis, j and whether it is being competently and honestly j administered. Heowes this debt of charity to the members and to the Catholic character of the society THE CATHOLIC HOME. Beloved Brethren of the Laity, — The foregoing : exhortations which we have addressed to your pas tors are prompted chiefly by the desire to promote your spiritual and temporal welfare ; to see you grow in all knowledge and understanding, so that when we shall appear before our Divine Master who hath given you life, and sent us to minister unto you that you should have it more abundantly, we may be able to present you ' a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a purchased i people' (I. Peter ii., 9) ; ' a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, nor any such thing ; but , , . holy and without blemish' (Eph. v., 27). j Remember your calling. You are fellow-citizens of j the saints ; you are the domestics of God. No one ?? ? can make unto himself a permanent habitation here . ! below. Every man is a sojourner, and at most only for a few years. But on entering the Church of the Living God, here on earth, you are already enrolled amongst His children ; if you are not within the sanctuary where He reveals Himself, you are in the n vestibule of His everlasting temple. His eve is j] upon you ; He has taken you under the shadow of j| ? His wings. You are His elect ; you are precious in His sight, for the price paid for your enfran chisement ami exaltation is the life blood of His only begotten Son. Great were the favours which He bestowed of oid on the Jewish people, yet im measurably greater has He wrought on your behalf. The words of warning and exhortation addressed to them come home far more forcibly to you : ' Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou . shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart and with, thy whole soul and with thy whole strength ; and these words which I command thee this day shall be in thy heart : And thou shalt tell | them to thy children ; and thou shalt meditate upon | them sitting in thy house, and walking on thy I journey, sleeping and rising' (Deuter. vi., 4-7). I We cannot belong to God by halves. He loves us, I as He hath created and redeemed us, disinterestedly ; [I hut He will have us wholly and unreservedly. His i| service is not for the Sabbath oniy, nor for stated | seasons; it is not confined to external rites ; the B (Jatholis must have the words of God in his heart ; m must tell them to his children ; must meditate upon M them sitting in his house and walkiMy; upon his 1| journey, sleeping and rising. Tho consciousness of M God's adorable presence, the light of His Divine ij Word, and the light-giving action of His grace, im part to the Church a heavenly comeliness ; yet all .; her beauty is from, within. Sh.e is truly beautiful -.! I in the eyes of God and His angels, because she is fie made up of families and individuals that are filled Cl ?with the glory of the Living God. The Catholic gi I soul and the Catholic home are the first temples to co I be built up. Cathedrals, churches, schools, are all th | but means ; their end and aim is the Catholic home, ge i the Catholic character. Within these precincts the hi j Divine Presence is less miraculous, comes less pr ! ' with observation,' than in the economy of the ca ; Church ; but if our Divine Lord chose to manifest ur I Himself to mankind at the Temple of Jerusalem th 1 rather than in the cottage of Nazareth, it was at wi Nazareth that He surrendered Himself to human bi guidance, to human control, and lingered for years th under that sweet yoke, as if unwilling to forego the of joy of sanctifying one chosen home. Joseph, the pe patient, unmurmuring, toiling housefather, was a | schooled and fortified in those silent years to bear the fa i grandeur of his unique elevation as Patron of the or I Church ; and Mary added grace to grace, living au ar ) intensest life of holiness in those years of merit th | -when God was incarnate amongst men as if almost ea ! for her sake. Here we have set up for remembrance st j the pattern of the Catholic home. The child, be he us \ talented, learned and superior in whatsoever degree, to j is still under the law of parental objection. He af ) is not wiser, holier, more powerful than Jesus. To ta 1 impress him with this fundamental truth; God has Hj i not only declared His commandment, that wemust h- j obey father and mother; He has' gone further still, bi ' In the mystery of the Incarnation He has contrived tr to interweave the relation of home with the plan oE w the world's redemption, touching them- with its h- divine virtue, and exalting them to a heavenly ce \ dignity. The relations of parent to child and child p, ] to parent, of husband to wife and wife to husband, ac I had been sacred from the beginning ; henceforth they b' I partake of the divine. And hence it is impossible tc ! that what God hath so blessed and put together, ai j man might rashly part asunder. The vows of Chris- 0J \ tian marriage are sacramental, The Holy Ghost y, I sets a divine seal upon the pledg« of mutual lifelong ai i fidelity which unites husband and wife in holy tl matrimony. Hitherto, he gave them graces in tc A accordance with their individual needs and disposi- 0: ] tions ; henceforth He provides them over and above C j the former measure with special aids and sanctities, a I And, if they are obedient to Him and faithful to each ^ other as the years accumulate! bringing with them S] young souls to be educated for the society of sa.ints n and angels and the divine adoption of. sonship, He will multiply His blessings beyond their cares, g. rilling their souls with such abundance of spiritual a life, that being at length ripe for heaven, they will a ! find it easy to detach themselves from earth. God v is faithful to His word. They who enter holy j. I matrimony in a state of sanctity and persevere in r His love will infallibly be supported by His right a hand in all their trials ; trials and labours they will J. accept. They will rejoice to be like the patriarchs c I of old; but their end will be, like theirs, in peace, ! and their name will be held in honour, a ! Why is it that so ma.ny homes are not happy ? r ! That wives are broken-hearted, husbands desperate, v \ children disobedient, contemptuous ? Chiefly be- ( ! c iuse the Catholic ideal is lost sight of in the home- j. ; life ; because the graces by which God would purify t I every family relation are wantonly rejected. How e ! can the drunkard, how can the libertine, have a a I happy home or respectful children ? How can the t ' Grace of God be upon a family who neglect the first t condition to obtain it— holy prayer ? Our Divine t ? Saviour has promised us that if we ask in His name ] ; we shall receive ; but He has not promised tolavish r grace upon us unless we ask. Prayer is the condi- £ tion upon which Oar Heavenly Father has \ou.ch- a safed to offer us eternal life, He desires to keep us \ always in mind qf Him during our sojourn in this £ life. %t is for our good that we must pray. And £ i what is of precept for the individual is no less so for ( \ the .family. livery Catholic home ought to be a j I place of prayer. The father, being, in a sense, , i »' appointed,' for the household, ♦' in the things that £ j appertain to God,' ought, after the pattern of holy ] j Job, lift his hands to heaven, and with the morning 1 \ light offer the holocaust of a pure heart to God in j i behalf of the entire family- The mother is bound to , j teach her children, as soon as they are capable of it, ( \ how to make the morning offering and to go through ? ? their morning prayers with devout attention, realiz- ( j ing to themselves that they are in God's adorable pre- J sence As they grow up, it will be the parents' ^ : duty to instruct them how to make a short refl.ee- , tion or meditation on some one of the. great, truths . or mysteries of our holy' faith ; and this should : be done each morning by every' member of ; a true Catholic family. It i? not for want of time that so many persons omit it; very few minutes out' of their waking hours need be spent upon it ; and surely God has a right to some small part of the day, seeing that every breath we j draw and everything we have \\* e owe Him through f out the whole twenty-four hours. But the evening I prayer in common ought' to be strictly adhered to | all'the year, .per'tainh* 'in Lo^taiic( Advent no true pathRlie' family wfll .cmiij; the evening prayers in gnmrnqn. It th,e father ;s.not away, it will be Iiis duty to ' preside at ttys family devotion. In his I absence the mother or the eldest son should do so,. An.-l for the evening prayer we would, repora.mend espepinlly the Hflly.Rp.sary..' Five clepad.es will not take long; and Vhat a. beautiful 'ofjjerirtg of he^rj. Sq.n4 sou'rtq Almighty'. Qqd is jinpliexl ill this, won derful blending q£ peti^ftn,. .'and lnecjitatjon,1. The Rosary has pome dpwn th,rpugr| long centuries of CJatholip'e^perience';. it i^r^co,n^n^enc|edb,y the prac tice qf devbujt tnilHons, and by the prodigies wrought thr.qu.gli its use!' It is enriched with countlesB in dulgences, aud proposed to the faithful as the ordi nary means of multiplying the hands and swelling the voices lifted up to God all over the world in supplication and thanksgiving. When the Catho | lie household unite in this devotion before retiring to rest, they are uniting with thousands of other I Catholic families who at that Batue hour are offering1 the self-same petitions. The Appgtlp give$ us tfie' following picture qf a true Cath^oliS home : ', Let women' be sub ject to their husbands; ' as to the ' Lord ; for the' 'huBbanff is ' the head of the \vife as C'nrist'is the itead of the Church. '. .. Hus bands, love your, wives, as'Chris't' also ^ove^ t^e Ohurch, an^ delivered Himself up ^ov,ty ? ? ? Children obey your par ejifo $\ \lie Xiordj. ,'. '???fyft you, fathers, provoke not your Children . \b anger ; hut! bring them up in t^ie discipline an^ correction of the Lord. 'Servants, obey your masters in ^he fl^ah with' ;ear and' 'trembling, in' tl^ie simrjlio.i^y ?($? your heart, as C'hnst, wi^h a good^il^ dmnE ser, yice, as to tfie Lord arid, not^ ^ men \\\ $M-he§. y, vs.); v'Kfer.e e^ery o%e iq B6$$?.. OflQWr' ^ \s W ppii-ed frp,m fln W»h 5 &$ M*hand. loyes the w*i'o pftev th.0 pattern of pure, disinterested, selfsacri ing love ?which Christ has manifested for the lurch. The father sees in his children a charge ven him to be brought up in the discipline and rrection of Christ ; he feels that he must exhibit e firmness of the Christian confessor, yet the ntleness which becomes1 a disciple of his meek and imble Master ; that he may not yield to the weak otriptings of flesh arid blood indulging the foolish prices of his children, nor yet may he spoil their ifolding characters by provoking them' to* anger rough want of restraint over his temper. The ife's love for her husband is sanctified when she is dden look up to Him as sne -vho is given her as e representative of Christ Himself., The feelings the heart are intensified arid endowed .with a srennial freshness because they are nourished from Divine well-spring. The children look up to the ther, for he is the Lord's vicegerent, claiming at ice their affection and reverence. The servants id domestics will be honest arid sincere, because iey supernaturalize the service they pay to their irthly master by looking upon him as. one who ands in the place of their Divine Lord. Nor let s be surprised at this. Our Heavenly Master has Id us that all our . charities to the poor and the Hicted, if done in His nariie, may betaken, and are ken, by Him, as done to Himself. He is the very ie of the Catholifc Church, ' of the Catholic atne, of the Catholic heart. A heart that gives it a divided service to Him is not His ; a home '.at' worships Him by' halves or in contradictory ays is not modelled onHis own peaceful, prayerful jme at Nazareth ; it is not a Catholic home. We mnot, dearly beloved children in Christ, hold our eace and sutler you to run the risk of losing your -uls and causing the eternal ruin of 3'our children y setting up a home where Christ is not the same i every member. We do not expect that those who re bereft of our faith should understand the force f our remonstrance. We do not address them. But ou, jdearlv beloved, who are gifted with this vision nd instinct from above, who would rather suffer ie;loss of all worldly goods than expose your faith ) danger, you, surely, will appreciate the gravity f this appeal we make to you, to stand firm by the Ihurch's discipline, and maintain in your homes mongat -your : ohildren and in your conversation rith the world at large an unshaken loyalty to the pirit of the Church's discipline in regard to mixed larriages. - ' J ; We do from time to time grant dispensations for uch marriages. But do. not be- deceived.; it is hvays with misgivings and sore reluotance. For lthough, happily, instances are not few of children dio have grown up good devoted Catholics in such Lomes, yet it is but too; sure that in many cases, the esults spiritual^ and even temporal, are simply dis strous. We speak now of mixed marriages con racted even under the permission of the Church, ases, moreover, in which the Protestant husband tuts no positive hindrance in the way of his wife's ,nd his children's religious'observance. The worldly - ainded will decide in favour of such a '*' liberal ainded ' husband, and cast the blame upon the Catholic wife; perhaps upon the Church itself . But, trethren, does not the Apostle call upon the father o ' bring up the children in the discipline and iorrection of the Lord?' This age of .. wealth md pleasure worship would gladly leave religion o women, as beneath the attention of men. Tc each the children their prayers arid cateohism and o take them to Mass, and prepare them for theii ?irst Communion, all this for a while may be per nitted to. women. By and bye, if the men are -m.anc.ipatpd, the women will follow their Jxample, ind then the reign of Christ will be at an end. This 'rantic hatred of Christianity is not a new spirii iome into the world in these latter times. The :nemy of man's salvation has had allies of this des sription, active and unscrupulous, ever since the beginning. We are not alarmed or disheartened by what they say or do against our holy faith. We are strong in the consciousness of its hold upon youi ;iearts ; and therefore it is that we recall your minds io the position whioh the Apostle assigns the fathei in the office of training the child to Christian virtue find Christian knowledge. 'Fathers, bring youi children', up in the discipline and correction of the Lord.' And how can the father, who is not him self a Catholic, how can he, even if he wished to dc so, bring up his child in the discipline and correc tion of the Lord, as it is understood and taught by the Catholic Church ? How could truths, so inv perious, command the obedience of the child, wh- perceived that the teacher he revered above al others didnot himself respect them? But we need no dwell upon this extreme consideration. Th,e P-ro testant father at the best simply lets, thfrigs alone And then what a contrast in the, h,°rae to what thi Apostle would have,, to, what the Church woul- haAre, to what Qor^ri^p.n sense, would have, in j Cathblio household ? In a,\\\ that makes for,, th edification and, discipline of the. homes,', he who i divinely appointed to be th,e head, the iris.pirer, thi master ~\% absent from, h,is_ ppsij. r£ his, is., in,de.ed(,' ba,i enough; bu.t it is unfortunately far. fiforq the com, m.on type of m,ixe.d, hom.es. T-l\e Bro,te3ta-n,t p,a,reu for tl^e! rflos^t pa,rt 4o.es n,o.t conceal his. c.o,ntem,p,t fo h^s w^fe-Vreligion, ; frequently Ifte d,o.es his worst t ro.a.ke tlie ^h(ldren d,espjse it a.3 well. M& co,lleots a,U tlie rf.tnle palun^nieis o$. P-rqtesta.nt tradition ; h 4a're r^oi ^tta.ck tl^e Ohuroh. as it comes under hi wife's ; ,^4 hjs ehildren's observation. But th Ca.tb,oiip .Church is so ancient, she covers so man lands} ianclv calumny is so hard, to refute, when i takes refuge ^in remote quarters ; hence the poo wife can do little., else- at. best than possess her sou in patience wliileshe., hears her religion travestie iand ridiculed. .Thisjs the .assistance she receive to educate her. children' in the love and fear o* (i;oc ;t his is the, fashion after which the^, fa^r help !«? to bring? them up in.the :^8^pl^rie; and, opr.re.ptiq: lofthe Lord I1'.. The, happy^vives of Protestant hus jbands ! Havvraany wquid, be satisfied, even if the 'h&d; nofurtner difficulty , to bear .with.' They woul put'up'with scorn' aii dridicul'e, and hope by PraJ'c 'and instruction to form th'eir ' children's mincis rvn 'tiearis to' the! 'kriowl^ge and, love p^ oiiv Bplii ?Lord and Hi's B'tessed' Mother, 'ami of His Ho] ;6hurcft,''the pillar and ground o^ truljh'.' But the iwill n'ot' be ^ffe'-ied, that smal^ indulgence. '; 'ljr ifaihav.'vrgsd bv a blind 'hatred of the Church, wi insist on tu'tung' the children' with him ix/tit^' «v^ ;6.iiurch', or,1 li, h;e ipe frusijra'ted, in th')(s '\yj\l^e \\\v, iatte'nd' ho (phurch 'at atl, aiic^ ia^bi^ Ijhenj, gri t.qx't] i^tholic^chopl.1' . Tho' wi^ ^ \^U fea.ps -fax a. t\v struggle for i^e«W,?.??'.^lXwUnS ^ \\\\\s m** ;^W\Vl Wi $?. W tf P%e ^ h,^ gW«\ »-i *-«e tin 9,r the^r maipage, Tli,^ ^y i» T»aa*. The illusio and, co^p^is^r^o's, o,f \i\ai tfme are dead and burie l^e., p)e.r^'a.jn8^ y.iigi-ets his former weakness iiy-h.a.vli iy^^ded to the dictates of an alien QhurcV I knows he may now flout that Church with imp hity, and he is determined, its ordinances shall n. cross his authority in his own house. And very Ci often the poor wife yields sooner or later to his it superior will, content she may worship God by al stealth ; coming alone before the altar; more lonely; th and more disconsolate than if she were utterly child- th less. Many a time such imothers have said that pi their only consolation was bound up, not- with the lie children who survived, but with those who had ar gone before them in the freshness of baptismal inno- lis 'cen.ee. ' . te It may be objected thatwe overcharge the pictur- w we have drawn, of the evils attending mixed, mar- 911 riages ; that w.e ignore the large number of cases in cc which the, children grow up. practical Catholics. ^s Would to God the evils, we warn you against were n( not actual, and did not come under our observation ! !l^ It is from painful; experience we speak on this sub- *c ject. We feel that in what we have said we. have v- been studiously reserved, lest we should give w offence to those parents who have been faithful to }i their marriage promise, arid have been blessed with is good and pious children. But so common. amongst I1 families of mixed religion are the dissensions, the P^ religious indifference, and even the apostacies, sf against which we warn you, Ithat we should be a] guilty of treasori to our Divine Lord who died for ej your salvation ; of treason- to yQurselves, whom we st are charged at the peril of -our souls to feed with ri sound doctrine and protect from danger ; of treason | tl to your little ones who are so dear to the heart id cl our Divine Master, if out of regard to the wisdom ei of this world we foreborej to denounce a custom ai which we know to be fraught with such grave c- perils. We put' befdrG you the teachings of the n Catholic Church at all times and in all lands upon ?« this subject. We warn, we entreat, we exhort you o: for the sake of your happiness of mind and your n everlasting salvation, and for the love you bear your h offspring, to hearken to our voice. b . CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. , . . ., a Our Divine Redeemer has forewarned us'that ' our loyalty to Him will be tested severely. To S1 prove our disciplineship we shall be called upon to y take up the Cross. If we are worthy of Hi m, we s' must be prepared to face the scorn of the whole '?& world, and forego every comfort — houses, and n lands, home, and the love of friends. His com- v mands have also proved prophetic. His Church has ° stood out through the agesi, unique and^ unriiistak- V able for her devotion to His Cross. His' enemies at P one time strove to tear her away from Him, : or to r leave her widowed of the children she had begot- n ten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They t] failed ; they only brought discomfiture upon them- n 1 selves and upon the powers of darkness. But the i.1 ??'? Prince of this world pursues his ways un- v 1 weariedly, and suits his methods of* attack 9 to the genius of' each age. He no' v longer t'i ? incites to open attacks on accourit of D 1 religion, nor counsels, confiscation, or torments. n His aim, however, is not less dreary. He seeks to 8. ? poison the springs of Catholic life, the home, and f( ? the school; Herein the entire growth of each gene- ti ration takes place. You cannot dissociate them as i' 1 agencies in the formation and development of mind ti ^ and heart. Let but indifference to the claims of y ' Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the 1! L home and in the school, and the character of the d 1 new generation will'be decidedly unchristian. We t: have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset a ' the home. Let us warn you of those e ? which lurk in the school. You, Catholic parents, b \- would not commit your children's education to tea- e i chers who made no secret of ' their wish to prosely- a 1 tize them. We can' conceive of no Catholic parent 8 ; so callous. But remember that there is such a thing ii ? as unintentional, unconscious, proselytisra, a prose- h ? lytism which is more likely to be effectual than ii ? when it is avowed. No child, no student, will refuse ' deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is u ' at all qualified for his position. Instinctively the o ' learner trusts at once to the authority and compe- t ! tence of his teaeher. And is it possible that two t ? minds can remain in active communication, in friendly i ! relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the i ' one submissive and receptive, the other authorita- t J tive, instructing, and directing, without producing s ? impressions far more profound and lasting than i ' what is ordinarily contemplated in th© school i ? course ? It is only right and. proper that t the teacher should so influence the child. It ^ ' is his duty to do so. B.u.t if the teacher knows the f ~- Catholic religion b,u'* imperfectly, which unless he is - 1 a Cath,o.Uc will certainly be the case — if, conse- £ *? quently, he views life and its manifold obligations - \- from a standpoint which is not Catholic, how is it 1 . possible for his intercourse with his pupils, hon,est - a and conscientious as he may be, not to,r,es.uH in pve- ] 1 disposing them against the faith, of th.eir baptism ? i a We have always, insisted, and we shall always wsist, 1 e tha,t religion must ha positively taught at school as 1 s ; well as in 1;h,e How?-. Less than, this will not %uffico - e to, secure \\\\\e necessary instruction in yoliglous ] i, knowledge, '^he exercises at school, like those out i \- of it, o,ughtto.o,pen with pr-ayey, and ought to be lea- ; t ve.n,ed with religious observances throughout. This r- is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catho- ] q lies will not rest content with less. But even were } i we to assume that non- Catholic teachers were scru- ] e pulously waryin avoiding attempts to undermine^ j s the religion of their Catholic pupils — and very naajjy '1 e would make no such attempt — yet there. y,eniains y much more than a negative disad^ntag'e for the ) t Catholic child ; he necessarily clones something of ' r his master's religious tpae.. And, therefore, w.e'1 are I il bound to admon.^ ^hol'ic parents that in placing ; d their ohilc&en; under teachers who are not of: their ,| is, ,.{?/ wn '^ai'tli, tKeyare in all cases exposing the;fa;^ ot !( I; t,he children !to danger. Men who hay^ ^.'djBfiiiiite ; is religious beliefs will not appreciate^ this ijeaponing. n They lack the principle whicj^ g'^ves. i,tj force. ,? 1^ut) s- Catholics understand i^ta meani.ng, and they have I y shown how earn^aVtiY iti apppais to tliem. But, \jja,« | d, fbrtunateiyi it ' ia nor; true th.at all teacher^ in, th,o. | '.r p.iibjio Behoola ottjh'ese colonies are ten^y; oiQatho- i A 'iio susceptibilities. The Church ^ap. np, '.means of I io excluding1 frorathe pubi,ie, Etohpo.) ^.'aectariiw f;fi,nft-. f .y tic or the still more; ^att j)t\l Acg^ostio.- Sfeo -\W %o. 1 ?y power tp renap^©' Rjora tjllp ©tassradmi thoit aggyft5§\ve i.e i apirit|, 1-h^li ^P^Q^fevvoua vefevott^ ' *A V%V Histovy, ?tt ; ^^-. el.P^^?-, and 'her saota-^t»t.«i, which, has flou ?n, ri,8^')j-'vlluiieb,ukecl in W§1\ plaees'. The entire gwius i^'' ox the Pubjio school . Systetn id antagonistic to that ae jwhlG^tfe Catholics demand- a.nd ft is surely; no (\Q jWWtlfcv that' Public schools became centres of , more a? than passive hostility to, the fa.ith oi Catholics, ae Under guiae Qf fair pjay they are got up, unknow ns ingly cin the, part of the great bulk of the people, d, V,V\fc none, the less effeotually, as points of attack ^g. upon the Catholic religion. We do not charge our ie fellow-countrymen with deliberate intent to assail u- the Catholic reliijion through the system of education at now in vogue. In point of fact, the system is held by itholics to be inimical to their faith, and therefore is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they one are competent to judge. To take it out of eir hands is simply to trample on freedom of ought and freedom of conscience. No one dare ?etend any longer that this opposition to the Pub 2 school system emanates only from the Bishops id priests. Twenty years of hard work in estab )hing and maintaining Catholic schools have scat red that fallacy to the -winds. Catholics are solid ith their spiritual guides on this all-important lestion, and the organs of public opinion have irae to admit as much. But the Catholic child who compelled to attend a secular non-Catholic school 3t only runs risks to his faith ; his morals may so be inrperilled. Wo would fain pass over this ipic, were it not for the gravity of the interests in )lved. But the purity of mind, the chastity of life hich the Church endeavours to cultivate in the ttle ones of Christ must be our justification. This the jewel of youth, the pledge of a righteous life, he Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atnios tiere of Nazareth ; so is the Catholic school ; the inctions of faith, the examples of saints, and, above .1, of the Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the jaculatory invocations of Divine help at each roke of the hour — these are so many everrecur ,ng reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, iey so leaven the entire waking life of the rtild that he comes to grow up under their influ iice, and with the confirming grace of the Sacraments squires that Catholic instinct which makes him re Mi from whatever is. darkly suggestive. But re love him from those salutary influences ; cast him 'ith his plastic, uninformed nature into the midst E companions, who at all events do not review lorals from the standpoint of Catholic faith ; whose omes have not a uniform standard of morals ; who elong to sects and communities holding very ivcrse opinions on most practical life questions ; nd all of whom feel that in the school, religion, nth its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden ubject; are we to expect that children of tender ears, of immature judgment, yet developing pas ions, will continue to observe stoical self-restraint pom the beggarly motives supplied them in the loral instructions approved by secularists ? They fho think they will must be singularlv ignorant f what passes ; they who are satisfied to ex iose the children to such a perilous experiment lust set little store by the moral purity of the ising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are ot justified by ordinary necessitios in sending heir children ta such schools. Under extraordi ary difficulties their efforts to counteract the evil nfluencesof such surroundings, as well as the special igilance which the master may be supposed to exer ise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces rom heaven. The Holy Ghost measures His aids y the needs that cry out for them ; but such needs lust not be of our own choosing ; when we unneces arily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we 3rfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost ells us that thejr who love the danger shall perish a it. And hence, whenever it is possible to main ain a Catholic school, there the pastor and parents /ill be accountable to our Divine Master, if through nertness they suffer His little ones to be scan ialized, to be seduced from that saving doc rine which he came on earth to teach the:m, nd from that holy conversation and that verlasting life which He died upon the Cross to estow on them. His words should ever ring in the: ars of those who have charge of youth. To. pastors nd parents they are a dreadful warning t *' He that hall scandalize one of these little ones that believe a me, it were better for him that a aaill'-stone were Langed about his neck, and that he were drowned! a the depths of the. sea' (Mat,th- xviii. 6),.. But it is needless, we rejoice to know,, to dwell ipon the duty of providing Catholic education for iur Catholic children. Surely Australasia has by his learned that we Catholics are of one mind on his matter, and that we ave as resolute as we ajffi: manimous. It is a singularly short-sighted policy/ n those who profess a patriotic concern for t\t$ fu ;ure of this great land to encourage at this, critical! tage of its national development a system* of' admi ustration which strikes at liberty of conscience, and/ s an outrage upon justice. When Catholics pior ,est against a form of instruction for their children vhich has been devised contrary to their wishes^ md when they declare tha.t they may not, without ioing violence to thc-iy conscientious convictions,, ivail of it, are they nat warranted in so asserting ;heir political rights ? Who but Catholics shall foe ;he j|udges of what are the religious convictiam oil Catholics ? Ov has it aome to this that ouj: age ofi progress and equality andpolitical i'reedord i«- drift ng rapidly towards an odious, hypocritical servi tude ? Shall Catholics be told that Ah-ey must i'jo'c we religious convictions ; that t'hey miast not i.'aim to save for their Divine ^a&^er, the little ones, who have been given them, Axhp,ha,ve been baptised! into the Catholic faith ; ^haft Catholic parents shall be deprived of one. «xff ifoe. most sacred rights in herent, in them* v#$& they are able to swi-ap the polls by the biMi(t-j, logic o? numbers ? Ox .shall they be told tP.^eCiS,' satisfied and thankful §o% the jjoob permis8.io,tt to open and maintain &u-hoo;]s of their ny-ii4even while the taxes they pft.y go to educate the ohildren of others ? It, & **, lilftfe bottov than the arrangement of a centWt-y ajitl a half buck, when their forefathers \x3n,t %o Catholic- ac-hools. only at the peril of th,oi$. lives ; when a jusiee- was set upon the head of a, Catholic . schoolmaster. It is better, but tioh.?. -jh.£. less is. it a mpck.Oiy of justify and liberty. : .vjWe ^e demand?. o£ Catholics impracticable or; untried elsewhere, ihc-y might,, with some appear ance of, reaspM), justify stttftsmen in declining to entertain tkem,. If the Catholics of Australasia, had retrained) listless in 'the face of secularisrci, had 'a.uf|ei;ed. their chiUlren to go in a body to the Public, achools ; ha,d, they not erected their own schools anil equ,ippeOj 1|)iero, ?or secular instruction, so as to b©iru a. po^'iHojii, tjo court inspection and examination! or» '1«hose subjects whieh form the curriculum al' ti'.e PoibKc &choola; ; were they not satisfied to, conform Vfith tlis regulations whifih the State maj' Vmj-.ose as to the standard and quality of secular ilistvuction ; they may perhaps be taxed with ivweas^nableness. Bui they are doing the work vanish, 'not they, but ithe general public should ha,XQ. to 'pay for, if their ^children were transferred to, t-,e Public schools. [They are doing it, we;ai;-f. cor.adent^ fully as well. (At all events, they- are satisfied to state their claim i for a fair share-out of the school rate upon tests of ! efficiency which are applied to the Public schools. | They ©an point to precedents which ought surely to have weight with the people of these colonies ; they ask for nothing out of analogy with the system ?which obtains in England. There the voluntary y^ — ? ' ? ' T (Continued on page '11.) -:: J. ?iM ? — —y ? ?? ?- ?? ??? ? ? ?-? (Continued from page 10.) ?gphools are part of the Bystem of national instruc tion; and even Mr. Chamberlain (surely no friend of. denominational schools) has confessed that the voluntary schools of England are doinj* a great national work, and far more econo mically than the secular or board system. We should gladly welcome any supervision of ?our schools, which respected the arrangements which we hold to be necessary for safeguarding the faith and morals of the children. We consider that a free alliance with the State Department of Public Instruction would tend largely to consoli date and systematise our educational establishments. In return, we should be able to infuse elements no less important to a system of national education. Such a system should be devised with a view to the practical requirements of life ; and who can claim to know the wants of the people as intimately as the pastor of the church ? Can the Minister of Educa tion, whom the chances of the hustings create for a Beason ; can the expert.'in school discipline, whose study is the actual capacity of children during their school years ; can the teacher, who is hardly per-: mitterl, even if he hid the wish, to look forward to the probable requirements of his child in after years — can any of those pretend to understand from daily, personal, solicitous oversight of the people, from youth to old age, the character and extent of the instruction which will prove serviceable to the bulk of the children in the course of life ? The nation in committing the supervision of its educational work exclusively to a paid department, and ousting the Church from its councils, is closing its ears to in valuable counsel. It is not by hostility and ? eeparateness that the forces of the commonwealth are combined and directed to a common develop ment, or that the various elements of power are knit and compacted together. It is unpatriotic to the last degree to deprive the 'State of that influence 'which, would result from respecting the free spirit of a people who put conscience before wealth and comfort. We are confident that the time is not far off when the intelligence and justice which distinguish our fellow-countrymen will enable them to look at this great question from a higher standpoint than the)' seem to regard it at present ; and we feel sure that once they grasp its real significance no preju dice against the Catholic Church, no senseless apprehensions of Catholic ascendency, will prevent them doing justice to their fellow-citizens, and healing the open sore which is at present poisoning the national life. But, in the mean time, our course is clearly defined. We must push on the work which we took up with the inception of the secular system. We must extend the influence of our Catholic school work to the utmost limit within our reach. We took up the gauge of battle more than twenty years ago, relying on (-od and on the sterling loyalty of our people to . their conscientious convictions, and it is with pro found gratitude and renewed courage we now re view what has been achieved, and set our hands in . concert to perfect what has been so happily begun. The prayers and sacrifices of priests and people on behalf of the souls of our children have obtained abundant graces from the Most High. And chiefly to be admired is the spirit which has been spread abroad amongst our native youth, calling so many of them to dedicate their lives to the religious state, in order to promote the spread of- Catholic- educa tion. It is truly wonderful now how a seedling, which was dropped into the soil of Catholic de votedness only a couple of decades back, has already sprung up into a goodly tree, spreading its branches over every part of Australasia, and affording shelter jo thousands of Catholic children from the blighting influences of Godless instruction. In all the cities and chief towns of the colonies we have schools in charge* of Brotherhoods and Sisterhoods, which have again and again passed in triumph through the ordeal of public competition. In the remote settle ments we have schools conducted by excellent Ca tholic teachers, trained chiefly in our larger estab lishments ; and the poorest localities are tended with a spirit of self-sacrifice beyond all praise, by the Sisters of St. Joseph. So vast indeed is the work, and so abundant the means of carrying it on, which God in His mercy has placed at our disposal through the heroic devotion of the thousands who have thus offered themselves to our Divine Lord for the sake of His little ones, that we have deemed it opportune to undertake lesponsibilities for a more complete ' organization of our whole school system. Our chief Sisterhoods will leave nothing undone to bring themselves into touch with the most modern improvements in teaching and discipline. They will appropriate! through certificated graduates of ;the best training centres in Great Britain and Ire land, not necessarily Catholic, whatever is deemed sound and progressive. From these main sources of our educational force, the spirit and methods will flow outward to all our schools. Henceforward the people of these, colonies can have no misgivings either as to the attitude of the Catholic Church to wards the State on the place which the religion of Catholics must hold in any educational provision to which Catholics have a claim, or on the undoubted unanimity which prevails between priests and peo ple on this important subject. Nor is it any longer a mere matter of conjecture what the future of the Catholic, sehools will be. That future is determined by the loyalty of Catholics themselves to their faith, their solicitude for the spiritual safety of their children, and by the unique economies which the religious associations of the Church bring to bear upon the practical solution of the question. Our schools are assured. Whether our fellow-citizens wake up to a sense of national justice ornot in treat ing this issue, we will go on as we have begun ; we will not suffer our children to drink at the poison ous founts of a Godless system ot knowledge. CONCLUSION. Dearly Beloved Brethren, — On account of the special solemnity of the present occasion we have' at considerable length addressed to you these words of spiritual counsel. And yet we know inll well your devotedness to the faith, your earnestness in piety, your fervour in every work of charity. You are our crown and our joy. Your goocZ name is mentioned with praise throughout the Churches of Christendom. It only remains for us to exhort you in the words of the Apostle tb persevere with confi dence and with joy in the paths of virtue: 'Be not weary in well- doing. Rejoice, be perfect, take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace. And may the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things ; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. The grace of our Lord Je6us Christ be with you. Amen.' Given at St. Mary's Cathedral. Sydney, the 1st day of December, 1895. fPATRiCK Francis Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, Apostolic Delegate. t Thomas J . Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne. t Robert Dunne, Archbishop of Brisbane. f Daniel Murphy, Archbighop of Hobart. t John O'Reily, Archbishop of Adelaide. t Auuesindus Salvado, O.S.B., Titular Bishop of Adrana, and Abbot of New Norcia. t James Murray, Bishop of Maitland. t William Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn. f Elzearius Torreggiani, O.S.F.C, Bishop of Armidale. - t John Cani, Bishop of Rockhampton. ;? t James Moore, Bishop of Ballarat. , t Stephen Reville, O.S.A., Coadjutor-Bishop of ; Sandhurst. i t; Joseph P. Bykne, Bishop of Bathurst. : t Matthew Giuney, Bishop of Perth. t John Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia. t James Cokbett, Bishop of Sale. t Jeremiah J. Doyle, Bishop of Graf ton. t John Hutchinson, O.S.A., Titular Bishop of Maximi., arid Vic. Apos. of Cooktown. t Joseph Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop to the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney. fPATRiCK Delany, Tit. Bishop of L&randehsis;, and Coadjutor of Hobart. fJoHN Gallagher, Titular Bishop of Adrassa and Coadjutor of Gouiburn. James Maher, Dioc. Administrator of- Port Au gusta. Anthony Strele, S.J., Administrator of Port Vic toria and Palmerston. 