OUR COOLGARDIE LETTER. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) COOLGARDIE, January 21. THE INQUEST ON TAGH MAHOMET. The inquest on the body of Tagh Mahomet, which closed last Saturday with a verdict of wilful murder against Goulam Mahomet and the discharge of Sur Wah, was interesting and picturesque. The prisoners, who wore the Afghan turban and loose white trousers, with a long European coat, stood side by aide ia the dook, Sar Wah smiling and con» temptnone, Gonlam calm and indifferent. *' Me good man, Tagh bad man," eaid Goolara to the policeman who arrested him. " God look after me. legh shoot me if me not shoot Tagh. Me go to Heaven-" Truly death is " the gift of God" to this apparently halt-witted Afghan, W^OBO sleepy eyes retted on the little orowd of dgbtseers while Sbiek Ali, ia broken English, interpreted the depositions of Malla Maj et, lhe ptiest, and of other Afghans, pretesting them wita the Koran instead of a Bible, eliciting factB already well-known to the public. It would appear tbat tue murderer owned two camels, while the brothers Faiz and Tagh Mahomet were importera of both camels and Afghans in large numbers, and the lesser man was jealous of the bigger men, and fostered kia jealossy until ic beo»me a paeeion. All passion ia *kio to madness, and although the murder seems to have been deliberately planned and carried oat, it ie alleged that for some time previous Goulam behaved like one distraught, and had the fixed idea in his brain that Tagh had offered £2,000 to someone to murder him. Dr. Ellis is engaged to give medical evidence for the prosecution and Dr. Gibson for the defence, and when these medicos visit Perth for the trial—the beginning of April—there will no doubt be some pretty skirmishing between them on the question of insanity. Now we only know that as Tagh, the stout, good-natured, much- be-jewelled Afghan merchant, turned to face the rising sun in the little mosque near his tent Goulam shot him in the back, and that crying "Hadji," "Hadji" he gave up the ghost. OPENING OF THE ROYAL EXCHANGE. The Boyal Erohange was opened on Satur- day night, and the vestibule of Coolgardie CLamhers waa crowded for half an hour ; ban very little basinets was done. Mr. Hirvey, of Means. Trevena and Co., presided, in t be absence of Mr. Frank Smallpage, who has gone to England. POT important mining nen were present at the open call, and those who ourtaUed their holiday on aooount of a rumoured foo3m in the Eastern oolonies regret tho Osborne Hotel and Hay- street. The hotels are half empty, and of late the ban have been very quiet, the men who oame in for exemption having spout their little all and being on the tramp baok to the mice; the " morgue," a place behind a Copi, gardie bo1 el, a plaoe where the prooBss known aa "sobering np " is supposed to take place. «THE FEVER WON'T BOOH." Fever is nauoh less prevalent this year, that-ka to improved sanitary arrangements. Deaths do cot occur every day. In faot, it is rnmenred that the grave-digger is looking ' ont for another billet. " I'm afraid the fever won't boom at all this year," sighed an amateur nnree, who raked in the golden guineas last fever season. The private hospital bas* about ten patients, and the Government Hospital abont teventy-nve. THE GOVERNMENT HOSPITA*. Things work delightfully smoothly at the latter plaoe since the Government became responsible for it. The patients make to complaints, and the nursing staff (whioh con- sists of seven nurses and five wardemen) gives satisfaction. Abont 120 patients have be *n admitted from the first of Ddoambjr to the present time, and of these only ten have died. .^Fonr died of fever, two of suastrok.», xwo of dysentery, one of dropsy, and one of alcoholism. Dr. MoNeil is still in Penh, sind Dr. Ellis has charge of the hospital dnring his abBenOe. Some of tho improve- ments at the Government Hospital call for notice, more especially the new operating theatre and the .morgue. The paying ward j bas been done away with, anâ the paying and nonpaying patients are now mixed together, and neither nurses nor wardemen know who pays and . who does not unless the patients advertise the fact themselves. The rule is for pati«tts to pay according to their means, .nd most -oases are admitted without any payment. -The terra "pauper" baa been banished, and we are not likely to see again an adveitiaement for " paupir coffins." SLT-GROG SELLING. It is rumoured that the Warden intends to enforoe the law with regard to ely grog shops, giving three months' imprisonment for the first offence, and «ix months if the law ia put aside the second time by the ladies who run these establishments. Fices are uselees, the phoenix rising again directly a rioh oustomer pöjp his band in his pocket. Prison alone oatt «lop the most notorious plsoes, and the sly-grog ladies are beginning to be mote oateful, knowing that Mr. Finnerty is a man of bis Wort?. The popularity of snoh places «rises from tbs freedom they give to mea in the natter of "shouting." It is not eli. quetta to " shoat " in a sly-grog shop, so men «an foregather there withont any serióte drain on their finanoes. Every second plaoe tiwi advertises "soft drinks" is «are to ?apply "Hme-jnlce" on demand, or to ?aggett "a itiok" in addition to nonilooholio bevfragaf. It is almost impossible for girh t^a woven to nil» boofriUy on » p oldfield, and to eell liqnor without a lioenae eeems to the majority of women quite legitimate. They draw a divination between "respectable" and "non- respectable" ely grog plaoes, and the other day a little boy was heard shouting ''sly grog" outside a eanvas house, to the aaaoyanoe ef tbe inmates. His osen mother kept a rival establishment, but he explained to the police- man that the place be obj o'ed to was not respectable, while hie mother was all right " bat for the-license." «. AIN'T A PIT PLACE FOB WOMEN." Apropos of boys, it is noteworthy that many di the jonngstera make a good living Belling newspapers, twoflmd three pounds a week. One small boy who tramped from Southern Cro¿s, and batohes with 6ome more of hie own age, explained to a lady that he Bent .half bis monf y to Lis mother, who is a widow, but be would not bring ber h?re bf « cauje "Coolgardie ain'ta fit p'aoe for women." WATEB AND WOOLGANGIE. Water IB Sd. a gallon and will be sixpence unless rain oomea very coon. The rainfall from the Stn to the 17th pnt 18 inches ot water into the Government tanks, but these are once more empty. No water waa con «erved at Kalgoorlie, the Whit? Feather, or Menzies, but at Bullabulling 145,000 gallons were conserved, at Woolgangie 670,000, at Boorabbin 80,000, at Keen's Soak 270,000, and at 25-Mile 300,000. This supply haB re- moved the congestion from Coolgardie, and we no. longer fe» horses and oamelB mad or prostrate from thirst. These wbo witnessed the wat-r famine at Woolgangie are not likely to forget the wild stampede of the poor beasts to the watering plaoes. and their struggles there. Now ia the bush dead and emaoiattd horses bear witness to what the poor animals endured before a few scanty showers fell on this sandy wilderness. BBEAD, MEAT, AND DAHFSB. Bread bas gone np to tenpenoe a loaf, and damper is once more the staple food ia aa top. Meat remains about the eame prioe as it is in Ptrth. THINGS POLITICAL He dormant for the nonce, the National League waiting to see if Sir John Forrest will beep his pramiees and Mr. Vosper, of I the long hair, having taken separation down to Perth in his pocket. But the miners are very sere on the subjeot of the extended exemption. Certainly it ia better for masters than for men, and when people ask, " Why don't the men go out prospecting P" it is forgotten that the poor fellows have worked hard for ten months pa " tinned dog " and condensed water, and are not in a fit condi- tion to proBpeotin water-famiBhei districts. This dry climate saps the energies, is ener- vating, and but for the cool nights would be impossible to live in. Remo ved from domestic life, the men are apt to spend their savings in whieky, for the masters have no monopoly of intoxicant?. THE WOMEN ABE COMING TO TOWN. Coolgardie has been wonderfully orderly during the exemption, although the weather bas been exaeasively hot and oppressive. Now the men are preparing for another year of bard work, and some are sending for " the missus" Every day more women arrive in Coolgardie, and one wonders what tbey come for. Nurses and barmaids bava secured all the available husbands, shops are overcrowded with " hands," untrained nureeB are at a disooant, and bars have applications galore tit situations at £2 10s. a week. Washing ia tbe ooly open o*ll for the fair sex at pre- sent, and Jape are beginning to supplant the «hite women in the laundries. The days when washing was a £ a dozen ere pa?t, and now washerwomen shake thair heads over water bills, and prefer to look after the " boss." There is room for thousands of men, but it ie diffioalt to see where and how the women can earn a living. WAGES AND MIKEEB. Th* wage for minera around this district ia £9 10a. a week, with water. There is mnoh talk amongst the men oonoerning tbe manning of leases. Monopolisers will not be able to plead want of hands, and companies will no longer be able to *' shepherd." The Warden must listen when men go to him for work, so the more men who come up the better for the miners of the district. CLAUSE ELSTEN. I Of ooaree, by far the moat live qaestien here is the registration of transfers in Perth, and quick despatch of business. Mining men say that section ll was sprung upon them unawares, and also that the wording of the section is ambignouB, inasmuch as sob section 1 of seotion ll states that the mining registrar of each goldfield should keep a complete record of all leaBea, etc., and then the section wiads ap with scating that all dealings should be registered in Perth before b«ing recognised ai valid ; and by sub-seo tien 2 no acta or dealings would be recog- nize! until regis'ere d in Pertb. It IB ooiitended here wi>h the present congested atat9 of the postal arrangements the delay oansed by the transmission of documents, and tbe uncertainty of tearohes made at the offices through thia delay, will be very serious matters for the inhabitants of the goldfields. Other dealings may have taken place between the time tte searoh is made and the time it is received by the eearohera, or business completed on such searches. Men wfllnot trust to the post, bat wiU go to Perth them- selves to achieve the transfers of leases, and, ono» thors, they will not oome back in a hurry. Ofoonrse all this is good lor Pertb, but it ii likely to paralyse ali dealings in golB>mlnl09 iMH> «n thBIoldArtfla. It WM also a little rough to call our registrars, who have given complete satisfaction, " in- ce mpot eut." Mr. Compton i» now Aoting Warden, and we could not have a better representative of Mr. Finnerty, who, it ia to be hoped, ia going to have a well-deserved holiday af ¡er a residence of twenty- one years in this colony. 