DR. OCHALMERS AND CARDINAL VAUOGHAN. (ITo the Editor of the Erening 'ernt Tost) Sm,-When I wrote on tbis oubject on April 25 I was unwilling to writo, but I felt bound to correct tatecmenos made by the Anglican Bishop,~ who often speakh of truth. I selected three points out of many in Dr. Chalmers' address to the late synod in his cathedral. First-" The Church of Rtme no longer cares to face the argument from Sacred Scripture and primitive Christianity." Second-Dr. Chalmers attributed to Cardinal Vaughan these words-" The Mother and Child should be inseparably worshipped with that perfoot udoration which is due to God." Third-His claiming the Eastern Churentes. To prove the first he gave me in his letter of April 27 the most learned and most emninent Eng lishmon of their day, Cardinal Newman and Cardinal Manning, referring me, too, to their books--" The Development of Christian Doe triues" and "Tihe Temporal Power of the IHoly Ghost." In my letter of April 30 I showed brielly thant both books were madeo to rest on Sacred Scrip tare and Doctors of the early centuries. Perhlaps Dr. Chalmers may have an edition of Nonman's Development written whilst he was a Protstant minister, and may not have in it much Scrilpture. I have an edition corrected by himself when in the Catholic Churlch, and it is full of Scripture, as far Rs could be required for his subject. And how Dr. Cholmers could, if ha read tlheuso beooks, give these eminent converts to the CatlOlie faith as not caring to face tIle argumont from Sacred Scripturer nd primitive Christianity is very wonderful. To do so in the case of Cardinal Newman is to villify and defame him. To do so in tie case of Cardinal Manning is to villify and defame him. Wonderful, too, was his reply to the second. Io gave me the London Church Times (anr Anglican paper) as his oauthority for the words attributed to Cardinal Vaughan. These nwords, if true, would be very conveliient for him, for they would srhow that Cardinal Vaughan was in opposition to Cardinal Moran on a most important point of Catholio teaehing. Dr. Chalmers cannot have forgotten the learned and beautiful and full replica of Cardinal Moran to Ilia contention that Catholics worship the Blessed Virgin as they worship her Divine Son, true God and true mnn, as also to other assertions of Dr. Chalmers. He then had Cardinal Moron and tho authorised teaching of the Catho!in Church on one side, and he had on the other side thile authority of the Protestant London Church Times to prove the accuracy of a quotation which, if true, would prove that Cardinal Vaughan held heretical doctrine, as I properly called it. He might, with the same love of truth, take the Protestant Standard in Sydney to prove a statement of Cardinal Moran on a religious subject With that class of evideneo before him, in a solemn address to his synod he puts down Cardinal Vaughan as using the words given in the second point. In my two previous letters I had no doubt about its being false and a not unusual fabrication on the part of Protestant writers; but two days ago I got the Catholioc Times and Catholic Opinion of Sept. 13, 1895. Dr. Chalmers gave me the address of Cardinal Vaughan as given at tihe Catholic Confer ence in the Coleton Hall, Bristol, England, on Monday, Sept. the 9th. I have before me the magnificent address of Oar dinal Vaugihan on the reunion of Christendom referred to, but there is in it no referonco to the Blessed Virgin. On the previous dny-Sunday the Cardinal preached on the Blessed Virgin after the consecration of a new church in Bristol, and thllis must be the address referred to. This Catholic Times being a paper of high character, may be taken as gi~iing Cardinal Vaughan cor rectly. The text of his sermon 'is " Behold Thy Son: Behold Thy Mother" (John, 0. xxx ). After pointing out the hope given to Adam and Evo after their fall in the picture of the Woman and Child, the WVoman to be tlhe counterpart of Eve and the Child was to raise the human race to sanctity, weo ind the following: " And that Redeemor was to be theo fruit of the womb of a virgin, and the Mother and the Child were to be the pledges of our happy immor tality." The Cardinal showed the Woman and Child were kept before the people of God in the Old Testament down to the Angel Gabriel getting her consent to becomo thie Mother of the IRedeemer. Weo then find the following : " She was thus associated witll Him in the great mystery of the Redemption and Incarnation. Sire presented this child who was to crush the serpent's head, to destroy the power of the spirit, and to restore to the children of Adam a noew and better lifo-she presented this Child as soon as He was born to Joseph, who represented in Iris own person the Church of God in tho Old and thle Now Testament; she presented Him to the poor shepherds whlo camo to her; it was throngh her hands that they ro recoived Hia benedictiou ; sihe presented Him to the wise men, the kings of thie earth who had coma from afar. She was associated with Him in the presentation in tihe temple, and it was her arms that lifted Him up and put Him in the hands of the high priest, so that with her and through her His infancy should be conssecrated to the lovo and service of God. Thus they saw she was closely associated with Him, and this intimacy continued not only for tihe thirty yearr which He spent under her guidance and in obedienco to her word but when he worit forth to preach the Gospel and to endure Hiia passion and death." The Cardinal shows how she was with Him through His lifo to His death.- She was therefore united with the Incarnato Son of God, not only in the moment of the Incarnation, but through the wholoe course of her life. These words follow : " The two wore inseparable. Thoso who did not belong to the Catholic Church often uttered words of reproach against Catholics as being either super stitious or as paying to the creature the Ionour duo to God, or as in i foolish manner uniting by an insepnrable union Jesus and Mary together. Catholics were reproaohed because whenl they said the ' Oar Father' they added to it the ' lail, Mary.' They were condemuned because tho praises of Mary wore constantly on their lips and in their hearts. Yet who were they who were Scriptirally united; who were] they who wvere purely Biblical in their worship ? Surely they who honoured the Woman and tihe Child ; surely they who looked upon Mary as Jesus looked upon her." In that quotation Cardinal Vau~hnu says that those who did not belong to the Catholic Church uttered words of reproach egainst Catholica as either superatitious or payisg to'the creatur te the honour due to God, or as in afoolislrh manoer nritirg by an,, in serpoarable urlion Jesuos and Miary toethler. Singular enough, and witlh cruel perversity, the Protestant Church Times of London puts Cardinal Vaughan down as saying Ias Catholic teaching what the Cur. dinal states as being uttered by Protestants against the Catholic Church. There is then no doubt but the Churoch Times of I ondon fabricated a gross falsehood against Cnrdinal Vrughan and the Catholic Church, and Dr. Challners only- retailed thel grosrs falsehood ngainst Cardilal Veiughaur and the Catholic Cllurrhl Many Proteslantts are very sincere, and if they got the citechism wlich is rused to teach the Catholic children tlhrough Australia they would then learn what is really the teachinlg of the Catholic Church, which must be in subst:lnce the rame all over tlhe world. Very likely, too, they should say we at times heard thiing very different. As to the Eastern Clhurches separated from tle Roman See : Although separated for several hun dred years before that tihing called thoe Reformation w.as begoun, these churches gnoorally teach the old Catholic doctrines as taught iu the Clathlolio Church. They reject Rome, anud are off tho Rooe, and on that necount are as strong in rejculting Rome as is English Protestantism. But these churches have less connectlion with English Protostantisnm than with hRome, and could not be takenu as strngthonirng Euglishll Protestantism. Dr. Chalmers, in his letter of Many the 2nd, erys " I have no intention to reply to the Right Rev. Bishop Lanigan's tlheological utternrceos.' I only stated that thle quotation pout into Cardinnl Varughan's mouth was horcticlal. There was not muchlr need to reply to tlhat. He adds--" But there is a maltter of fact in questionr." From the first Ihe liad no sftlicient justiticatii to puot forward thlat matter of f:act, so reproachful Ito thIe Catholio body. Thoe correct stltcmenot of what Cardinal Vuaug?an did really fay puts that matter of fact iu itn! proper laco. Dr. Chltorers alsrto says--" Bisllop Laulgan and tihe editor of tho Church Times must settlo the matter between thrne. To further this end I will oimmunieato witll the editor by tile routgring mail." Dr. Clhalniors insults tlihe Ctholio body on the authority of a London Protestant paper, and the satisfaotioit we geetis he will write to that paper, nas if it should be taken as authority to settle our com plaint. But we do not want it. In Dr. Clhalmord' notrble address to hIis late synod Ito lectured controversialists on the Roman aide. In his remarlks he drew a very good pioture of himself. I nam, yours frithfully, t?Tr. LA.NIGAN. Gonlburn, May 9bh, 1890. A smoko concert was given at rWagga on Tuesday evening last, by thoncomembersof LodgeoGordon,.R.A. Order of Buflaloos, to comnmemorato the first anniversary of the formation of the lodge. Theo foretion clWas Iheld in thie lodge rooro, lFreemasons' Hotel, and nearly 80 persons were present. It is proposed to dispeuso with a largo number of gangers in the cmploy of thie Sydney Council, and to appoint one general overseer provided with a bicycle to enable himu to truverse thle city rapidly. At the Sydney wool sales on Thursday the market for scoured was afcected to the extent of a farthing per lb. The catalogues comprised ltl22 bales, and th toltal quaultity sold waos 206 bales. 