ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAV, SEPTEMBER 25. ÍHÜG THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. It lias been often said, and with much truth, (bat there are oniy three great autocrats in the world-the Czar of Russin, the President of the United States, and the Viceroy of India. The election of a President, there- fore, even in the quietest times can never be regarded with indifférence. But the present election is not taking place in quiet times. It pro- mises to be a momentous election. According to the thoughtful and observant New York correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, it has already destroyed the Democratic party, one of the two historic political parties of tile United States. Except in half a dozen states, the organisation of the party has been captured by this new force in politics, which cannot as yet boast of any really distinctive tUle. The correspondent says it will keep the title Democrat because of its usefulness in a contest, from its association with the history of the country, and the spell it ' still exerts over great masses of the people. But the men who have effected this revolu- tion are in no sense Democrats as thc word has hitherto been understood. The old Democratic party was the opponent, of all paternal government. It contended that the Government should go out of the banking business altogether, and that the stamping of either paper or molal with an arbitrary value was altogether beyond its proper functions. The new Democrats believe thc exact opposite of this. They not only think it is right and proper that the Government should declare that anything it chooses to select shall have a special and fictitious value, but in the. present instance it wishes the Government to declare that fifty-three cents' wortli of silver, when it has been thrown into a certain shape and received a certain stamp, shall be worth a dollar, Out of the forty-five states of the union tho new Democrats have captured the party organisation in thirty-nine, and they have nominated their own man, Mr. Bryan, for President. The result is that the old leaders of the Democratic party are publicly renouncing their allegiance toit. President Cleveland has threatened to discharge any civil servant who votes for Mr. Bryan ; half the members of thc present Democratic Cabinet will not support Mr. Bryan ; and hundreds of Democratic newspapers all over the country are formally declaring they are no longer supporters of the party. Finally these old Democrats: have held a convention of their own, and nomi- nated General Palmer as their candi- date for the Presidency. General Palmer has not the remotest chance of success, but his nomination will injure Mr. Bryan, and it will still give a chance to these old Democrats to re- capture the party organisation after thc present struggle is over. General Palmer may be dismissed, he is only a I>.y figure. The real struggle lies between Mr. Bryan and Mr. M'Kinley-between silver and gold, between freetrade and protection. The fact that Mr. M'Kinley clings to pro- tection is said to injure him in the struggle. If he stood for "honest money "only he would still receive the, support of the Republican party, and in addition would obtain the aid of a large section of the old Democrats. But the latter are repelled by his protection, and this may prevent many from supporting him although they are in full sympathy with his currency views. Mr. Bryan stands for freetrade, or rather for such a limited application of the theory of free ex- change as does duty for freetrade in the United States, but that is an insignificant fact in the contest. The great thing is that he stands for silver, for the free coinage of silver and the promulgation of a law making silver equal with gold fn the payment of all debts at a ratio of 16 to 1. And the telling point of all Mr. Bryan's speeches is that he stands forth as tho champion who is to deliver the country from " the plutocrats and their British allies." He everywhere appeals to the people to throw off the " British domination " which enthralls them. Gold is always represented as the instrument by which Britain holds tho United States in the hollow of her hand, and the doctrine is preached that apart from all other con- siderations the people should from patriotism alone dethrone it, by declaring silver to be its equal at 16 to 1, and giving people the option, no matter what conditions may be expressed in their covenants, to pay in silver if they see fit. This appeal to the Jingo element is felt to be of great assistance to Mr. Bryan, and his op- ponent hos everywhere to bring in some tiling about Venezuela or the Munroe doctrine in order to prove that he is a sound American. The election takes place on the 9th of November, and it is significant that the confident predictions of the defeat of Mr. Bryan are no longer heard. When ho was nominuted it was declared on every hand that he had not a ghost of a chance ; that his nomination was due to a gust of passion as fleeting as for the moment it was irresistible. But these things are not said now. A recent cablegram states that Mr. Bryan felt certain- he would carry thirty-five states. T1ÚH would necessarily secure his elec- tion. The President is technically elected by the Electoral College, to which each stale returns so many mem- bers aciording to its population. There aro only forty-five states, and even if the ten which according to the cable- gram will declare against Mr. Bryan were the ten most populous in the Union, yet they could not outvote the thirty-five. So if Mr. Bryan can carry thirty- five states lie will assuredly be President. Dut can lie 7 That is the question which the 9th of November will answer. Then there is a still moro im- portant question behind. Can Mr. Bryan alter the currency laws even if elected 1 There will then be a President in favour of silver legislation, and it is stated tho Senate is at present silver. But the Bill must also pass the House of Representatives, aud there is great doubt if the present House would pass a free coinage bill. A new House of Representatives will not be elected for two years, and by that time, even if Mr. Bryan were elected, great changes might occur in the minds of the people. But even if the silver men could not immediately carry their poiut, there is not a doubt that the election of Mr J Brynn ns President would be n very notable victory. The action of the Government in asking the Assembly to reject the Council's amend- ment to the Federal Enabling Bill, granting thc franchise to the members of thu Council in the clectieu of the delegates, bas saved the measure unless the Council is obstinate and insiste on the amendment. Mr. Leahy stated what ¡B a notorious fact that the amend- ment was introduced by the Council for the express purpose of destroying the bill. That feat may ho accomplished yet, 1 ut the Govert ment will bc free from all com- plicity in it. Thc Government measure is! certainly not the perfect scheme «vliich was devised in Hobart; it does not remit the selection of tlie delegates lo the pe pie direct. But that it does secure popular election toa certain extent cannot be denied. The Assembly is nat only directly representative of the people, but it has been newly elected. This representative character would, however, be entirely lost if the Council were granted the franchise. The Cuuncil is not a represen- tative body in any but a technics: sense, and in order to make the amendment giving it the franchise fit. ia with the scheme of the bill, members had to be allotted to the Central and Northern divisions who bad no connection with these portion» of the colony. Further, the amendment would hare ruined the chance of any Labour candidate for the convention. This would have been cause of rejoicing in the Council, where Lubour candidates arc held in horror, but it would have destroyed the representative character of the delegation. Whether the Cuuncil like it or not, a great section of thc people of the colony are genuine believers in the soundness of thc Labour policy, and under our free institutions these people have a right to representation on this delegation. The Gov rnment bill provides for this The representatives for thin division of the colony will certainly be members of the Labour party if the party wish it. But the Council's amendment would have defeated this, and we would have had the anomaly af a party which can return twenty members to the Législative Assembly unable to return one member to this defecation. The Council may stand by its amendment, in which case the bill is likely to be dropped and Queensland consequently unrepresented at the convention. But if that is the case thc colouy will know the,! il. is thc Council which is responsible for this and not the Covernment. 