HEWS OF THE DAY. Cube fob Scalding.—Since the efficacy of picric acid as a soothing remedy for hums has been demonstrated by medical men in Queensland (says a correspondent to the Cotteieb), I make it my duty to have always handy a bottle of a thcee per cent, solution of that drug, and I would advise every householder to do the same. I have had already occasions of testing it, and can testify that in cases of light burns it brings an almost instantaneons care, and for more serious it has a wonderful sooth ing effect. Any chemist can prepare a good- sized medium bottle of the solution for 6d., and a most important point is to have it always handy, for reasons obvious to anybody who has had the misfortune of being either burnt or scalded. " If ther Eveb Do So !"—The Bathuist Fbee Pbess, in its Parliamentary sum mary, says: The Factories and Shops Bill was next brought on, and members had a who le night of it. - The provisions for keep ing factories clean in the interests of em ployees, even to having them scrubbed and painted at certain intervals, for full and expert inspection, for eating and sleeping off the premises, and a hostof other things, were discussed from all points, hour fol lowing hour without marked progress be ing made. The labour members evidently thought that this was a fitting occasion for shewing their usefulness in the House. If they couldn't talk on such a subject what would be their value as class representa tives. The bill willbeaverymnchaltered measure before it finds its way into the Upper House, and the members of that Chamber will have many long talks over some of its provisions before sending it back to the Assembly, if they ever do. You Can't Beat Colemane & Son's Spe cial Eucalypte Oil for Bhenmatism. Be ware of Imitations. Crimes v^nd *Ciii3i_i -n'als.-—On JToDdsyt ' last Mr. B. D. Meagher, whosename be— eamejreiy prominent as the advocate for thei defence in the sensational Dean case,.! delivered a lecture in the Town Hall, Ar midale, -to a large audience on the subject | of " Crime and Criminals." The theme is- | not a very attractive one, and probably had1 ? Mr. Meagher chosen any other subject he-1 would have drawn equally as large an £ audience, bnt it was evident that thongb f comparatively a young man he possesses-! a been observation of everyday life and i occurrences, and treated the snbject mat- J style that was pleasing and enter- 'f taiuing to his mixed audience. When it is? mentioned that there were a number of! ladies present, who expressed themselvfes' delighted with the discourse, it will be un derstood tbat it contained no objectionable features. Those who attended the lectdre,. expecting to hear a tirade of abuse against certain individuals connected with our law courts, were doubtless disappointed, for toe lecturer's object was more ift the direction of showing the failure and 'viciousness bf onr mode of dealing with criminals rathfer than holding;up to ridicule and contempt the shortcomings of those connected with the carrying out of the system. He re ferred to the rations modes of dealing with criminals in different parts! of the world, compared them with those tasting fa this. colony, and pointed out whace many deni able reforms could be made.; His discourse was delivered fa a free and pleasing style,. J being embellished with numerous anecdotes gathered fa the Sydney Courts, and the ready flow of language the ^lecturer had at his command rivetted the attention of the audience to the subj^t frctu begfaning to end. The lecturer was frequently applafidedi during his recital, and at. the conclusion was greeted with prolonged cheers. Larceny.—At the Armid Kle Police Court,. on Tuesday last, before the P.M. and Mr. J- P. Kirk wood, Charles N. Bamber was - charged with stealing a quantity of bed ding and a book, the property of G. C. Hodgkiss, of the Club Hotel, on the 16th fast. After the evidence of Constable Yiz zard and Mrs. Hodgkiss hail been given in reference to the finding of the property at the residence of the accuse# and the iden tification of the same, the 'accused elected to be dealt with summarily, and pleaded guilty. He asked to be dealjfe with leniently, and said if a fine was inflicted he would endeavour to pay it and mhke amends for his misconduct. He said; that his family were literally starving afld his children haa no bedclothfag to eo\»jr them, and he was tempted to take the things, as he had travelled over the town all day on Satur day and could not collect -a penny ofthu money he had owing hitn. In answer p> the P.M. the accused, Who completely broke down, said he bad wife and time • little children depending-'upon him, aid. again asked for their sat® to be leniently dealt with. The Bench iegretted that}it was a case m which a fine could not be ia flicted, and said that the accused oughttto - have thought of fas family before commit- * ing the offence. However, the sentence - would be the lightest that could be under the circumstances, vis., one mon|h with hard labour. The P.M. referred tlie ■ case of the destitute family to Sen.-seigk Evans for the purpose of teeing that they were provided for during the incarceration of the accused, at the samf time gave 10s. towards their relief. Sen. Seigt. Evan's promised to bring the case under the notice of Mrs. Kearney, secretary of the Armidale Ladies' Belief Society. 7 Colemane & Sons' EtrcAtiYFTE Extract cnres Asthma, Bronchitis, Consumption, The Inverell District .»~Mr. B. White, who has just returned from Boggabilla', tells us that rain is badly wanted in that quarter. The depression too has made its mark there.—On Friday evening a fare well social was tendered to Miss Eslfag, who is leaving the district,' by the members of the Wesleyan Church' Christian . En deavour Soeiety and Sunday School.—On Monday evening the Half Holiday Associa tion tendered a send off fa the Tmpci-inl. Hotel to Mr. J. B. SfcetfArt, one of the pioneers of the movement and an ex-Vice President, who has been transferred from the Invereil branch of Mr. John Hunter's business to the metropolis.—At the foot bal banquet, Dr. M'Kinnon, being called upon to speak, made a f«w remarks, re ferring especially to the splendid way fa which Mr. Braund had captained his team. —Times. Sander and Sons' Euea&pfci; Extract, for Coughs, Colds, Influenza, Diarrhoea, Wounds, Bruises, Sprains, &c.;—Advt. Liability op Advertisers.—A case of considerable interest to newspaper pro prietors, and which has since been taken as precedent all over the colony, was tried some time ago fa the Albury Small Debts Court, when S. Hawkins, the proprietor of the Wagga Express, sued C. M'Goveron, Boap manufacturer, for advertising his soap for 15 months. The plaintiff stated that the order for-advertising was given verbally, and that he-understood it was to remain in the paper until countermanded. At the end of the quarter the bill was sent fa, and it was again rendered from time to time but no notice was taken of it. De fendant stated he had ordered the adver tisement in for a qnarfer, and had not been aware that it was being continned. The Police Magistrate said it had been ruled that any one receiving a newspaper, even if not ordered, was liable for pay ment unless the paper was returned. He considered the same rules applied to adver tising. Defendant had been informed of bis advertisement in the paper by means of the account from time to time rendered, and he should have paid up and counter manded the advertisement at the end of the first quarter. Judgment for plain tiff. Valuable Dead Letters—During 1895 there was posted fa New South Wales 5225 registered dead letters, which upon being opened to obtain address prior to return to the senders were found to contain, besides correspondence, valuable enclosures, such as gold and silver watches, gold rings brooches, earfags, etc., and the sum of -£2385 m coin, notes, and eheqnes, etc In 1070 unregistered dead letters were found valuable enclosures representing £2485. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS Has its perfectly pore medicinal virtues, and is folly appreciated by the millions all ■over the world Who habitually use it. How to Prevent Typhoid.—Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli, and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled by snch excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they tnay be flying about the air in the neigh bourhood of typhoid excrement, and may" be 8wallowed with moutbfuls of air. What then is the first and last commandment/of typhoid prevention? "Cleanliness; per sonal and pnblic cleanliness." .It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean; if we beep our drinking water dean; if we keep our closets and our drains, and Mtqhen, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns en tirely dean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as 19 the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Deinotherium.—Hqspital. | Ease Dkive.—An Arding correspond ent informs ns that- a successful hare drive was carried ont at that place last Saturday, and, although there were only ten shooters and the same number of drivers present, they managed to kill 20 hares and (two kangaroos. These drives have been orga nised to operate among the small farms, and it is intended to hold another to-mor row. Onr. correspondent adds that the rain last week was just in time for the crops, and will prove very beneficial to the district. Stock of all kinds are in good condition—better than they have been for several years past at this time of the year. Painful Accident.—On Wednesday morning last a boy named Joseph Wat son, aged 10 years, climbed on te a shed at his parents' residence, West End, and fell off on to an iron fence and became impaled on one of the palings by the fleshy part of his left leg. When he was released from his perilous-position it was found that his leg was severely lacerated above the knee, and he was admitted to the Armidale Hos pital the same afternoon, where'he is get ting on as well as can he expected. A. Narrabri Joes!—A practical joke was played on one of the 'bus proprietors at Narr&bri; on Wednesday (says the Tam worth News). A letter was sent to them stating that Mr. K. D. Meagher required a " covered carriage" to convey him from the railway station. Accordingly the con veyance was covered in with the leather flaps and a hag hung acroBs the front. As soon as Mr. Meagher and his manager ar rived, they were hustled into the covered coach—a second edition, apparently, of " Black Maria." Much to the occupants' astonishment, they were at once driven off and landed at their hotel, the driver being in blissful ignorance of the hoax. Mr. Meagher and his friend were surprised, but when the joke was explained, they thoroughly enjoyed the humour of the situation. " What is Parliament Coming to !"— Business in the Legislative Assembly to night (says Tuesday's Star) will include the Midwifery Nurses Bill, a measure which a - grandmotherly Government, like that now in power, should be in a position to deal authoritatively with. No doubt the discussion will embrace wet nursing, the most scientific methods for the preparation of pap, and Ministerial dissertations on babies' zings and rattles. Society will wait with eagerness and much anxiety to know whether Mr. Beid seriously proposes to take np midwifery, wet nursing, &c.;, &c.;, as Government monopolies. If Mr. Beid so determines the shades of Sairey Gamp and Betsy Prig will be intensely pleased and honoured when the news is conveyed to them. A " God-fearing Ministry'' should make a superior sort of monthly nurse when you come to think of it. Walcha Items.—On Tuesday last, Mr. Bobert Laurie, of Kangaroo Flat, breathed his last at the residence of Mr. D. Fletcher, Cairnie. Mr. Laurie was 77 years of age. The remains were taken to Walcha Road railway station, and thence by train to Hexham, deceased having expressed a wish to be buried at Stroud with other members of the family.—A good deal of sickness prevails in the district. Mr. A. T. Fen wicke is making a very slow recovery. - Mr. J. A. Nivison is suffering from a very severe attack of a rheumatic gout. Mr. T. Crawford, Walcha Road, was taken sud- denly ill last Saturday with acute hemorr- hage of the bowels. For some time his condition was serious, but we are now glad to say he is out of danger.—Last Sunday, in the Presbyterian Church, Mr. Thorburn preached a vigorous sermon on the Narra bri footballers. He said" it had been proved that one day in seven for rest was good for man. It was necessary. Even machinery requires rest. If some took to footballing as a recreation on' Sunday others would take to boxing, etc. And if Snnday was to be universally recognised as a day of recreation, an increase of trams, 'buses, and refreshment rooms would be required, and, as a consequence, employers would require their men to work on that day, as it would be the best bnsi ness day.—Mercury's correspondent. . Ladies* Belief Society.—At a special meeting of the Armidale Ladies' Belief Society, held at the Town Hall on Thurs day, Aug. 13th, it was resolved to have a ceremony of placing a memorial stone in the Benevolent Home Building, now being erected on the site near the old hospital on the afternoon of the 9th of September, and in connection therewith a pnblic demonstration in the shape of a procession of the Armidale band, friendly societies, &e.; ' On the occasion several ad dresses will be delivered and a collection made. There is to he a wattle dance in the Town_Ha.ll in aid of the same object. The committee hope their charitable friends will turn np on this occasion and help the good cause they have in hand. Fitzgerald Bros." Circus.—-It is an nounced in onr advertising columns that Fitzgerald Bros.* circus and menagerie will visit Armidale next Tuesday, and it is safe to predict a big house. This circus has just completed a tour of Queensland, and is making the overland journey in a train especially engaged to convey the com pany, the menagerie, and the numerous performing animals, which go to make np one of the largest and most interesting shows of its kind ever seen in Australia. Where there are so many novelties, it is difficult to mention the most startling, bnt certainly one of the most wonderful of the: performersis the talking 'fiorse Mahomet, whose cleverness alone' is "worth the en trance money to witness... The performers are all first class artists in their particular line of business, and it is asserted that some of the feats are only performed by the members of the company. A circus is always a powerful attraction, and Fitz gerald Bros, show stands at the head of Sjgch an entertainment. Fires.—On Monday night last the resi- dence of Mrs. Bindley, at Castle Doyle, was totally destroyed by fire. The fire, which broke out at about one o'clock, was sup- posed to have originated in a detached kit- chen built of slabs and roofed with bark, and so great a hold had the flames obtained when it was discovered that scarcely any of the contents of the dwelling were saved. The place was uninsured. The same night the dwelling house of Mr. John Copas, maintenance man of the Roads Depart- ment, at Gara River, was also burned down, and in this case the unfortunate inmates had only time to save a sewing machine from the burning building. In both in- stances the loss will be severely felt by those burnt out, and much sympathy is felt for them in their trouble. Land Selection.—The following land was applied for at the Armidale liands Of fice yesterday:—J. J. Norris, h.s. 21a. lr. 20p., and G. O. dream, h.s. 12a. lr. 20p., parish of Armidale, county of Sandon. Henry Johnson, 120a. c.p. and 342a. 2r., parish Bnssell, county Vernon, Datoieb Dbawatic Co.—The playgoers of Armidale have been treated to two high class entertainments this week by the Alfred Dampier Dramatic Company, and the excellent honseB that greeted the per formers on each occasion again demon strates that the people of this city are al ways ready to liberally patronise a good show. During the many years Mr. A. Dampier has toured the northern districts, he has gained a reputation of placing first class entertainments before the public, consequently his companies invariably meet with success in these parts. The dramas presented this week—on Tnesday and Wed nesday—were " A Transvaal Heroine" and " To the West," both new to an Armidale audience, and full of exciting incidents and thrilling situations. The former, as may be inferred, depicted life in the Transvaal during the recent trofrble between the tJit landers and the Boers, and dealt with the troubles in which Dr. Jameson and Mr. Cecil Bhodes took a prominent part. The drama of " To the West" was illustrative of West Australian life, the scenes being principally in the gold-mining district of Coolgardie, and were very realistic. The plays were staged in every particular with that degree of exactness as to leave very little to be desired, and each and every member of the large company were worthy to follow their clever and capable leader. While Mr. Dampier continues to cater for the public in the thorough manner he has done, his company will always receive a hearty welcome to Armidale, and his many admirers here will be pleased to hear of his success in other places. The company left Armidale for Hillgrove yesterday, where they are booked to appear to-night and to morrow night. 