BOTANY BAY. its Celebrated Men. Gteneral Holt. JOSEPH HOLT. lgeg^ N the month of May, 1798, llBW J°seph Holt was a decent I Hi if young farmer of South I flag Wicklow, on the borders £/3[ j/lslJ of the county of Wexford, ! LM jlfff in Ireland; and being a; 0iAm£^2 children, tolerably well- off in his way, he did not trouble his head about the political questions which ?were then setting men by the ears. A Protestant himself, descended from j one of the Protestant \ families sent over from j England, the wrongs of j Ireland might have had ] his 6vm.Da.thv. but they certainly did not distract his attention from busi ness. Among other employments, he was a bil let-master for the army, and had billeted some mil itia men among his neighbors. Luckily for him, as it proved, a sergeant and his wife were quar tered in his own house. It happened that, having finished a small road-making contract, he applied for payment to the overseer, but could not obtain it from him until he had dun ned it out of him — a process which caused so much irritation that the man swore to be revenged, and then denounced him as a secret rebel to the militia. On returning home to dinner one day the Serjeant's wife said to him, 'To-ur house is condemned, and I am ordered out of it. Why, I don't know;1' ait the same time tell ing him that the soldiers had been there asking for him. Suspecting the cause, he lost no time in getting to a safe distance. About 7 in the even ing, looking back in the direction of his house, he saw it in names. He then made for a wild, ro mantic valley .in the neighborhood, called the Devil's (Men, intending to hide himself in a cave; and on th© way he was joined by his wife, who told him all that had happened. The soldiers ha^ carried off everything they could carry, turned her and the children adrift, and then set fire to the place. This happened on May 10. THE DEVIL'S GLEN. In the Glen he found about sixty men in the same plight as himself— ^driven from their homes, and seeking safety in caves. Borrowing a musket and some ball cartridges from one of them, he set out to visit the ruins of his house, the sight of which so' exasperated him that, see ing four men of the militia passing along the road, he fired at them, and mdae them run for their quarters. On his return to the Glen he ad v.iscd his companions to leave it for a safer place; but most of them being residents in the neighbor hood they would not go, and he left it alone Esrly next morning he saw that it had been set on fire, and guessed ait once that some of the men there had been playing the part of spies, and had given information against their companions. Thanking God £or his escape, he wandered on alone until he came to another glen, and guided by a smoke arising from it, he found about seventy men in camp, cooking some freshly-killed meat TJiey invited him to join them and he did so. Their leader, whom they called Colonel MacMahon, proposed that they should attack a house where, he said, there was plenty of money Holt refused to go, saying that he was no robber. MacMahon called Jiim a s.tiv an/i a^Tri^^A -m,..* i.l _ ? ^^ — — jt j » ??????-* u*u riuvu U-LcL'L, JJ.C should be tried on that charge; but, luckily, he was well known to some of them, and they 'took his part During the three days he remained wita them their numbers increased to 118. Know ing that alt was not safe to remain there, he urged that they should seek a safer retreat MaeMahon opposed; but on Holt 'calling for a division ' he was followed by 116 of them, who at once elected A REBEL CHIEF. Finding .himself unexpectedly at the head of a band who looked to him for guidance and protec tion, he began to train them for military service— a business of which they knew absolutely nothing Has own training was limited to a short service in a company of volunteers some years before- but he had learned nothing more than the mere ele ments of the art of war. They were miserably (provided with wea,pons and material, having only thirteen muskets among faem, consequently they had to rely upon their pikes— a weapon which Holt uearned to thi^k more serviceable than the gun and bayonet, especially in meeting a charge of cavalry. To get ammunition, he employed one of the women an the camp, whom he supplied with a .basket of fruit, gingerbread, and otte? trffleTas a disguise, and sent into the neighboring villages to find out the' disaffected men in the SSutta taS whom she obtained ball cartridges and pO'wde^ and secreting them in two large bags or Dockets* under her petticoats, she returned to th^S with her supplies, and. also -with a good deal of information about the enemy. REBELLION UNDER DIFFICULTIES On May 23 the insurrection broke out at the appointed places, according to orders issued by nmfTTt -rmmittee in Dublin- a°d Holt's little band daily increased .in number Thev were drilled and exercised every day,' formed into divisions and companies, taught to fire lying down or on their knees, to step in -time to face about, march and countermarch, wheei about, disperse and form rapidly, and obey the word of command like machines. In place of a drum, a couple of pistol-shots were fired off by the commanding officer as a call to arms His plan of campaign was carefully explained to them; they were not to venture out into the open, but to keep to the mountains, and other difficult parts of the country which they knew we!I, and to harass the enemy by sudden attacks The commissariat was supplied by foraging parties, who sometimes captured men as well as cattle. Every prisoner was tried by a mock court-martial before Holt, when he was in the camp; and on such occasions he made a point of showing mercy, having an eye to the future; but some of his men were not so disposed to deal leniently with their captives, the spirit of revenge being actively at work among them. A VICTORY. In less than a month Holt found himself at the head of nearly a thousand men, when he dubbed himself Colonel; and after many skirm ishes with the yeomanry, he marched into the adjoining country of Wexford, and joined the rebel forces then led by Edward Roche, formerly a sergeant in the yeomanry cavalry. Their total strength was about 11,000. But, a difference of opinion aiising between the two leaders, Holt left, and would not return until, on the ap proach of a body of cavalry, Roche gave him supreme command. He made such arrange ments for receiving them behind hedges and dykes that they were thrown into confusion, and In less than twenty minutes 370 saddles were empty, the rebel loss being only four wounded. This affair gave him so much confidence in him self that he determined to separate finally from the Wexford leader, who seemed to have no military capacity at all. Accordingly, he took the title of General, and, leaving the main 'body with 1060 men, he returned to his old ground In Wicklow, considerably strengthened- by the horses, carbines, pistols, broadswords, ammu nition, and other stores which had fallen into his hands after the skirmish. A DEFEAT. Three days afterwards Roche was attacked and routed, with heavy loss, by two columns of the King's troops, and the men who escaped from the field immediately enrolled themselves under Holt's banner, whose success had made' him famous. -His force amounted to nearly 14,000 men, but 2500 of them deserted soon after wards. At a council. of war held by the officers, he proposed to march upon Dublin,' after taking some fieldpieces and ammunition by a sudden dash on an unguarded post; but lie was opposed by Father Kearns, who suggested a march across the Boyne to Clonard, with a view to increasing their strength there. That course was adopted, but it resulted in a disastrous defeat. On July 11 Holt, with 3000 men, attacked a small guard house at Clonard, held by twenty-seven of the yeomanry, who fired 'with such effect -that they succeeded in putting his cavalry to flight and driving off the storming parties, notwithstanding their desperate valor. ' After eiz' hours' bard fighting the garrison was reinforced, and Holt was forced to retire, with ISO killed and a great many wounded. During the retreat his men were pursued by the flying artillery with such murderous results that they were forced to scat ter and run. They were ^attacked again next morning, but on a call to arms he had only 200 men fit to fight; over 600, as. he said, were 'lying on the ground in a state of beastly intoxication, which produced such a panic In the rest that they began to fly -in all directions.' -They had got possession of his puncheons of whisky in the night. When the 'enemy came up, they (poor fellows) were bayoneted as they lay, and the others were so overcome with fatigue that many were shot without being able to offer any resist ance. , ,...??-???'...' '..-,!. - - - A CLOSE SHAYEi Like the reat, Holt was forced to run for his life^and in croBBing a ditch the top of it gave way; his horse was bogged and fell, - throwing him into the mud. Seeing the red coats coming up behind, he laid himself down by the side of a stream, where he was not likely 'to be seen, and washed the blood from a slight wound in his head. As soon as they were out of sight he got up, and made his way to a yeoman's toUse, whose wife, pitying his condition, bandaged his head, gave him a dinner and a change of clothes, and assisted him in making his escape, in return for which he presented her with his silvermoun ted sword and pistols, of which he was rather glad to get rid. Going out at the back gate the first persons he saw were eight policemen, and putting as good a face on the matter as he could, he went straight u-p to them, and asked which way had the army gone, telling them at the same time that the rebels had taken his horse and hat, after wounding him in ihe head. He had disguised himself so well that they did not sus pect him, and allowed him to pass on. IN DUBLIN TOWN. His men having fled in all directions, and be ing left to shift for himself, he resolved to make his way to Dublin, where his wife and chil dren were living with some of their friends. Keeping himself out of sight as much as possi ble, and stopping only at huts and cabins in out of the way places, he at last succeeded in reaching the city in a farmer's cart, loaded with eggs for market. Small parties of soldiers were frequently passed on the road; some of them were met with at public houses,, where the far mer and the rebel joined them in a chat about the war. But he was not left long in peace. While walking through the streets of Dublin he was recognised by a woman from his part of the country, who said nothing but instantly changed the direction in which she was going. A re ward of £300 had been offered for his apprehen sion, and she was off to secure it. A few min utes afterwards he heard the rattle of cavalry horses, and knowing that he was pursued he mounted a wall and hid himself behind it They halted near, the spot, but not seeing anything of him. rode off, and as soon as the coast 'was clear * he took to the fields and entered a deserted house, supposed to be haunted by the ghost of a murdered woman. He was much less afraid of ghosts than he was of informers; and next day he moved off to a neighboring village, where he sent a message to his wife and brother, and saw them both. BACK IN WICKLOW. From the village he made his way across coun try to his old retreat in the Wicklow mountains, where he was soon joined by scattered bands of the men he had led to Cionard, and also by de serters from thirteen regiments. His fame had spread through . the country, and men were so anxious to join him that his numbers increased day by day, and in a short time he had over 1000 men under him again. His old plan of cam paign was resumed, but the mountain glens and passes were not so secure as they used to be, and he was frequently surprised and compelled to retire from point to point, after a good deal of sharp skirmishing. His most effective mea were a body of '' sharpshooters, called the Shel maliers, who carried long guns, with which they were accustomed to shoot wild fowl at Shelma Her, on the Wexford coast, and whom practice had made perfect in their aim. But he soon learned that if the life of a hunter is a hard one, that of a hunted animal is harder still. His dif ficulties increased every hour. Although by his skill and resources he contrived to escape 'cap- ture on many occasions, and to bring his' men safely out of danger, he began to find that be sides spies and informers, he had enemies in his camp who were quite as dangerous as the red coats. Those whom he restrained from plun dering and ill-using their captives considered themselves shamefully wronged, and openly ex pressed their disaffection; others believed that he was only waiting his opportunity to desert and sell them to. the Government. Their suspicion and distrust reached such a pitch that, 022 one occasion, when he received a letter from General Moocre, of the King's army, proposing an in _terview, they broke out into open mutiny, and threatened to shoot him, although he had imme diately made its contents known to them. The result of this ill-feeling was that in October he left them, followed by about 50 whom he could trust and keep in some control. IN A HOLE. The position had now become so desperate that he was fully resolved either to get away to America, if he could manage it. or if not, to make the best terms he could with the Govern ment, and surrender. To find the means for a - passage his wife sold by auction the little prop erty they had left, but the very next night she was robbed of every penny by a gang of deser ters from his camp, and left destitute. To add to his misery, one of his brothers was shot soon afterwards in a skirmish. His own life v.as in... hourly danger from the active pursuit kept up by the troops. During a .secret journey across the hills in order to meet his wife he put up at a poor widow's house for the night, where he thought himself safe, but he had not been more' than half an hour in bed before she woke him up in a fright, and told him the soldiers were coming. Rushing out, he saw them near enough to fire, but they did not; he began to run, they fftllowed, and were soon joined by horsemen. Going down the hill two of the troopers came within pistol shot, when he presented his pis tols, which were empty, and told them to stand back. They turned round and rode off. Com ing to a hollow place in the side of the hill, rrhich had been formed by the winter rain, he went in, and finding it about Sft deep, he follow ed it up about 100 yards to its source, which was under a' large projecting rock. There he found a cave just large enough to creep into on his hands and knees, and going in eight or ten yards, he sat himself down in the water to wait the event. SOLD AGAIN. In ten minutes his ears caught the sound of heavy tramps and harsh voices just above him; and looking up he saw a hole in the roof, three or four feet off, covered by a large tuft of heath. Through this little aperture came a dialogue which had a good deal of interest for him.' 'First soldier: Well, d — ? — n my. eyes, but I seed him, with my own eyes too, not ten perches from this place; he must be somewhere about here under the heather.' 'Second soldier: The rascal must deal' with the devil; where the ? can he be gone to? This is the third time I seen him within gun shot, and he vanished like a spirit.' 'Third soldier: Why, mon, ye could nae hae seen him at a'; gin ye saw him here, he could na hae gane off wi' himsel' after this gait. I var ily believe it's a lee; ye did na see the chiel at a'.' 'Fourth soldier: Hould yer gab, ye Scotch beg gar! Twenty on us seed him at once, not a hundred yards from this 'ere place.' 'Third soldier: I didna mean to doot yer ve racity, mon; ye thought ye saw tbe chiel, but ye might be deceived. I'd recommend ye to keep a ceevil tongue in your tatie trap, or ye'H be apt to get my bagginet in your weasand. Wha d'ye call a Scotch beggar?' 'Fifth soldier: Hoot, Sandy, haud yer whisht, mon, and dinna be making a gaby o' yersel'; catch the rebel, and let us hear nae mair quar rels wi' yer comrades.' SCOT FREE. As soon as the noise had ceased, the rebel squeezed his head through the hole above him, and through the heath saw a line of infantry standing at ease, about fifty yards off, with their officers apparently in consultation as to what should be done next. On the other side of bim, up the hill, there was nothing to be seen, so be drew his head back and waited awhile, thanking God for his good fortune at such a desperate mo ment. , After, another short pause he put his head up 'pi', and saw the troops moving off. Then he began to feel the effects of sitting in water so long, just after his blood had been heated by running. He could scarcely move, but by great and painful exertion he crawled out of the cave into the open air, where he rolled himself about on the ground to restore warmth to his limbs. As soon as be could walk he lost no time in seeking friendly quarters, which he found at no great . distance; and with the aid of hot water,' a change of clothes, and a dinner, he felt himself a man again, but devoutly sick of rebellion. The first thing he heard was that he had been the victim of another informer. ?mmm_mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm G- B 