THE people of Kalgoorlie and Kanowna (White Feather) are doing the proper thing, in agitating for the immediate extension of the railway to the latter centre. On Tuesday they sent a deputation to the Premier on the subject, and Sir John Forrefet^ it will be noticed, gave a itoost favourable ieply. Ultimately we hope to see' the line extended to Kurnalpi, and the-people interested can rely on Coolgardiegiving them all theassistance possible. , There can be no two opinions as to the expediency wltfch exists for such tf railway, and in supporting the'proposal we wish our neighbours in Kalgoorlie to bear in piind that, while much can be done by united effort, a division of opinion such as that which exists in our midst with regard to the ^iJiflPx done > Menzies, >110 twoopttyo; minds -of thepeopV of ttfe;colony. asto the proper "and correct route.-'itwas Arranged $peurvey4he.|in9, fi^m. Coolgafcdie, andthe work is ntm.&>eing done. Enough lias been said and written npon- the * -question-^to—prove the claim of t ,Kalg9priie_ to the line - is as foolish as it is.jintejiable, bnfc wehaveneverthel&kbeetffowed; to hold public meetings., t^nd, jflej^ates to the plapes ^along^e ^ronte. and in. a .worn whii je&lougreaidents; ofKalgoorlie. While there is pot,the J^gjijbest doubt that in ie end theMen»e| line will be laid tong the 1 surveyed, " "ty thatadvan- pildoix^^l gaiflie, ' Mtngllli willbedone to prevent delay* but still tfce dangerof the measurebeing allowed to lag in its progress through Parliament exists, and the fact that it does is entirely owing to the action of a few misguided individuals, who have now probably seen the futility and the absurdity of their action. Another result of their attitude is that the Southern Cross people ancP not a few influential citizens of the capital, who own large estates in the vicinity of the Cross, have commenced an agitation in favor of the line going from the main trunk railway at Southern Cross to Menzies. This last attempt to rob Coolgardie of its rights is, of course, ridiculous, but after all it is only a little— a very little—more unreasonable than the Kalgoorlie project. When Parliament meets in June an attempt will be made to refer the wholequestion of rail communication with Menzies to a Select Committee—a process which will mean endless confusion and a long delay. Considering all things, the subject of connecting Menzies with Coolgardie by rail is of much greater importance to the goldfields generally than the extension of the main trunk line to Kanowna, for the latter is but. twelve miles away from Kalgoorlie, while Menzies is at present isolated, although it is bidding fair to be the centre of an even richer group of mines than those around Kalgoorlie. * « THE old Lombard-street saying that a "good Budget means cheap mpney" was never more strikingly illustrated than at present. The almost unexampled surplus existing in the British Treasury has already forced consols up to the record point of 112, which for the uninitiated we might explain means that the investor pays £12 . for the privilege of- placing every £100 in the Government bonds, which return per oent interest. per annum. In sympathy with the rise in consols all giltedged securities have risen in value, and we may be sure that increased attention will also be directed to Westralian gold mining. The other day : we dealt with the Imperial Budget, and there is no ' occasion to further ; dilate upon the subject,- especially as the details to hand by the cable are necessarily meagre and incomplete. At the same time - the fact that a surplus of £4,210,000 exists in the British Treasury is of vast importance to we Australians. It means, in conjunction with the recent reduction in. the Bank of England rates of interest, that money for this year at least will be very cheap and easier to obtain than it has ever been intbehistdryofthe world. With our capacity to borrow, botbthrough the Government and privately, is about to be enormously increased, and no better time than the present can be wished for to obtain money for railway extension, water supply, and the thousand and one other works which are expedient and necessary, if our existing prosperity is to continue. The Government, so far, have given no indication as . to their intentions with regard to loans. They will require certainly £5,000,000 for an adequate and permanent water supply for tne goldfields. Thanks to the general contour of the country, and the huge stream of traffic daily increasing between Coolgardie and the outlying parts of the auriferous area, railway construction is cheaper to-day-in Westralia than many other parts'of the planet. Still, for all that, fully 1000 miles of new railroads are wanted, and-must be laid. At the lowest estimate they will cost not less than £1000 per mile, so that £1,000,000 will be required shortly fornew railways. Pftst experience has proved that we must dtiring the current year make provision for the rolling -stock likelyWbe required in l$97vand this most necessary expenditure will abBorb any likely surplus in the consolidated |revenue. .£!be urgent necessity which exists fornew and better roads throughout the colonyis a subject; which has not yetassumed the importance which it deserves, but money is badly wonted for thiswprk.andmust bp obtained. To- further swell the "Stub required, we nedd only eiaxoine for a moment- the present "schools on the goldfields to understand that a pile of' 'money is wanted Jjy the Public Instmction'Deparime^^dthe same mpy, indeed lie said " pf all the branches of r the Civil Servioo. It ' is obvious,therefore,thatloans amounting in l lihe aggregate to nothing .short'of £7,000,000 would^ not .giyp jis mora jnoney than ,we jajgently require. *To want this pile of-.gold. is one tiling and to get it is toother, but in^view of th? flourishing condition of Westralia and' the unexampled cheapness of money in London, .we have no hesitation in saying that £10,000,000 could be borrowed by the Government next week at three per cent, if half the amount was guaranteed for a water supply to the goldfields, and the major portion of the remainder applied to reproductive public works, such as railways. Our public debt at the present time is well under £4,000,000, au>l although it sounds as a loud note to advocate its being almost trebled, in one hit, yet our position must be thoroughly understood and appreciated. Our population at the present moment is 120,000, and increasing at the rate of certainly 1500 per week. We have more unalienated land than the rest of the colonic* put together, and if thousands of square miles of it is worthless, a great deal can be made productive and valuable by the judicious expenditure of money Our gold fields are a new asset worth tens of millions, and with all things considered the colony could easily procure the sum we have mentioned, and what is more, the loans could be placed at but little under par. 0 « • * Ir is gratifyiug to find that the Coolgardie Council is up to date. From their, meeting the other evening it is clear that they intend to improve the town by placing arc electric lamps at the principal street corners. Experience in other cities proves that the incandescent electric lamp is only one degree better than the ordinary gas jet, but that the arc light, with its power of 2000 candles, is a magnificent affair. As the municipal revenue for this year will exceed £10,000, a cost of £475 for five arc lights is a mere bagatelle, and we hope to see the lamps aglow before the railway extension to Kalgoorlie is opened. Councillor M'Kenzie's motion to plant our wide thoroughfare with pepper and mulberry trees is a proposition which should be accepted by his colleagues without the slightest demur. On the plea of pressing business, the Mayor of this town, who is alleged to be a representative of the ratepayers, retired from the council ball. Most people thought he would have had the decency to resign, and not be the first mayor of an important town in these colonies to answer a serious allegation brought against him and still retain his official position. It is true that Mr. Macdonald has been acquitted by two Justices ' of the Peace, but the charges against his partner and his clerk are still sub judice, so we, in fairness to Cosgrove and Mitchell, refrain from in any way criticising or dealing with yesterday's sensational proceedings. Before a breath of snspicion was cast upon the bnsiness character ofthe man who by the merest chance became mayor of this important town,, we' urged him to: resign on the ground. that Ins. childish adoration of th£ Premier, his treatment of M!r. Moran, and his • whole* career generally in the Councjl had proved iiat he-ivas utterly unsuited to ^ -fill an important public position. At the recent public meeting held to advocate . the Coolgar&ie-; Menzles railway- he was subjected to perhaps the most drastic and Severe cen-isure that a Mayor could possibly receive at the .hands or the people, who hunted him from the chair and appointed another to - preside over the pro- With wi obstiriacy worthy of the old woman in .:.. the scissors' fable, Mr.. Macdonald clnng to his office, but -since then other and moi$ important reasons why he should vacate the mayoral - chair have arisen, and still he is Mayor of Cool? gardie. -The situation is extremely unfortunate for the whole commuuity, and pending the conclusion of the trial now going onwe^would adyipB .the councillors, as colleagues of the. Mayor, 1 to quietly and calmly discuss what may fie termed the approaching municipal crisis in Coolgardie. BABOH HIBSOH isj deadw . This brief message was: dashed by electricity all. over thq univerte' ^sterfia^ and: thous a n d s — i t t o p r n thejr -losp. ;]One ofcEtie iworld's ^richest men, he lopg ago reflised that his millions were" really worthless to Mm if. he followed m tiie f^t8teps^fauc^tnen'a8the^0W de|pised Jay Gould, and the origins! wtnderbSt, ^two American infers, idio rained tiaodlsands 4>f fidmlies Mby Jhfflr greed and avarice. Being a Jew, he was constantly wounded to the quick by the treatment meted out to his co-religionists settled in Russia, and his efforts for the amelioration of their condition entitled him to rank as the foremost philanthropist of the age. Thousands of poor Jewish families from the dominions of the Czar were transported, at the Baron's own expense, to the Argentine and Canada. Directlv, he spent £5,000,000 on the work, but the good accomplished by him must not be judged from the sums—enormous as they were—which he unselfishly laid out in the interests of his much persecuted race. Controlling immense wealth besides his own, he realised the utter hopelessness of relieving the mass ot Russian Jews by emigration schemes, 60 he determined to force the Russian Government to annul their ruthless edict for the banishment of all Jews from their dominions. At first he tried pacific and diplomatic means. This signally failed to move the now dead Czar, who, it will be remembered, said, " The Jews must go, and while they remain in my dominions they shall have no civic rights, no redress against one of the true faith, and no protection for what property they possess." This monstrous declaration reached Baron Hirsch in Vienna, anditis on record that he said, " What, kilting Jews is no murder then. Well,* we shall see what money can do. The Czar shall be bribed like the common canaille," and bribed he was. Hirsch brought to bear ;pon the Russian Government the great financial lever winch, as a banker, he well knew how to apply. Russian Government bonds fell to zero, and to kepp his people together the late Czar countermanded his edit, and to- day. Jews in Russia are better treated by the Muscovite than ever they were. It must not be supposed that the dead philanthropist confined his attention to the people of his own blood. Far from it. His establishments for the relief of poverty are to be seen in every capital in Europe. In London alone he gave over a million per annum to charities, and to raise bioncy he drew up an immense schemfe, wherein he included the keeping of a magnificent stud of racehorses. The money won in prizes' by these animals was given for the relief of suffering, but after all there is ho Occasion to. dwell on the life and works of a man who will be revered in history ias a friend of the sick and needy. All the world over Jews have an unenviable notoriety for parsimony and other equally distasteful characteristics. To combat this popular belief, scores of books have been written and essays innumerable produced, but the fact that the two of the greats est philanthropists of the century, Montefiore and Hirsch, were Hebrews does more to lift up the race in the eyes of the world than a shipload of volumes and a ton of written defences could possibly accomplish. A giant in finance, Hirsch during hi* life controlled many of the : largest monetary schemes in history, and now that he is dead Jet us hope he: rests more peacefully by reason of, his world wide benevolence and his unselfish efforts on ,behalf of the poor and the oppressed of Europe. AT the last meeting of the Kalgoorlie Municipal Council a letter was received from the Railway. League at the Norseman-asking our neighbours to cooperate with them in obtaining the Coolgardie-Norseman railway. Accord-. ing to £be press, of the eastern town, the council merely Mceived the. clj£ttlar and decided to take no Action. Surely there is some mistake: in. this ?If the sepbit, however, is correct, and tfoe Kalgoorlle . councillors will take no hand in urging the Government to constrfuA-'thifi most nfecessasy.- fine, their actioiiritfifit 3>e prompted by Aose feelings jealousy and envy to which we have before been compelled to allude. With regard to the S^ienzies railway ^ their action is .bad : dnodgh,' bnt aB they cannot even hint''it a Kalgoorlie-Norseman line in preference to the contemplated ronte, tiie municipal refusal to lend %e Norseman*' League their aid is paltry in the .extreme With but little direct political^ower the people • ont,evenvriien;theyarennanimouB,to obtain necessary public works. Of late, ' however, a deploi^ile diss^ntsion has been^apparent jm . our nu^ '. and. -this ^vifiibn* emulates from [Kdgoorlie. So long^thepr^sB- pfthaVpartofthe fields confined itself to" hooming , the local mints, and defciyipg feVefy daim arotoid Coolgardie 7»t could afford to be sileut, and even join in the mirth. When the railway connecting us with, the sea coast was opened the Kalgoorlie people termed the event " The opening of the Coolgardic section of the Kalgoorlie railway." This in itself was spiteful, but it carried no sting. When the extension—for any construction of a main trunk line beyond a recoenised centre is an extension—is opened next month to Kalgoorlie, we shall have the Kanowna people terming the proceedings " The opening of the Kalgoorlie suction of the Kanowna railway." Indeed, they will have the precedent to go by since Kalgoorlie, by comparison, is not as far ahead of the Broad Arrow as Coolgardie is ahead of Kalgoorlie. Such exhibitions of jealonsy and envy as are. given us almost daily by the people in question are as unwise as they are ridiculous. Emulation in the history of communities, just as ambition in the lives of individuals, acts as.a stimulant to prosperity if . conducted with moderation, but' when carried : to an extreme; the feeling breeds discord and ill will. At the present hour Coolgardie, as is its : right, is the capital of these fields. With a population more than treble that .of Kalgoorlie, and with mining, centres on all. sides, its future seems assured. .< The Menzies line must and will junction with the main, trunk railway" within our municipal limits, and to the sojjith another branch will go to the Norseman, and ultimately to Esperance 1 Bay. These two lines are essential to the prosperity of the fields, and if Kalgoorlie claims the one and will not help us to obtain the other it will only serve to wake our people up and spur them on to still stronger efforts to obtain what is their right. On Saturday we published a most interesting interview with Sir John M'Intyre, leader of the Opposition in the Victorian Legislative Assembly, in no uncertain voice Sir John pronounced his implicit belief in the richness and permanency of our reefs, and being* a gentleman of vast mining experience:: his ..opinion is a valuable as well as a weighty one. Owing to the fact that the press of the eastern colonies persist in lumling down the Westralian fields, it is. particularly gratifying to hear from one whose knowledge and position entitles him to what he had been shown during his ten days' tour of the fields. It remains to be seen- what the Melbourne and Sydney papers will say with regard to Sir John's statements, but treat them as they will, the straight out utterauces of the gentleman in question will most certainly give our enemies a nasty slap in the face. Sir . John M'Intyre • is not the , first Ballarat mining man who has been astonished with the riclmess of the Great Boulder, but few of them have had, as yet, the courage to publicly give forth their true and unbiased opinion. During the course of the interview, Bir John gave our mining men some very valuable hints, which we hope they will bear in the mind and profit by. Early in the interview he stated that we could not hope to demonstrate the value of our reefs and lodes by .merely scratching the surface; aud that we should, to use his own words " Go dowu, go down, and go down With depth he is confident we shall obtain aii abundant water supply, and even goes so far as to say that .onr mines will yet require hugeandcostly pumping machinery to ke«p them dry. While hoping hiswofdsraay oome-trae, we nevertheless doubt whether any permanent and adequate supply will ever be found by sinking in this- part of- the world. Still a great deal of the cry It on* mi th< inassi 7 tSS^Ke HditogBDeraigfiv said, " Yes, it is a great field, and now that I have seen it I can understand a lot of things which I did not before. It ib said in the East, < Why there-are 80,000 men on the Coolgardie fields, and they don't produce as much goldas one place such asBendigo" But it is plain wtagW W^g®*® You : hare no machii|$Ia| ^rork.a has beennext toiO^sa^fe*!! machinery on to the ground, and 6 if'you had it here yott mfl$ spend pnoneyin going down tor waterl" But when you do go down,^ and when yon do get machinery—well, then you will supply the answer to what is after all a natural query." This is just what the people of Coolgardie have been telling the world for several months, but because these fields are attracting their best population to Westralia, the press of the East is ready and willing to stoop to almost any degradation in its efforts to stem the. tide of emigration. Unless we make a very great mistake and wrongly judge many of our contemporaries in the other colonies, they will Have but little to say of Sir John's avowed belief in the future of these fields,.and very few of them will have the courage to even reprint the interview. With regard to the visitor's contention that we must go deeper, it must be said that, considering the age of the fields, and the difficulties met with at every turn, many' of the mining companies have done remarkably well in the way of opening up the deep leads. Bayley's Reward mine is now down 466ft, and there are some fourteen other claims that we know of possessing levels opened'at 200ft, but still the time has come for us to test thf lower levels, and end once and for all the absurd allegation that the only . gold in Westralia worth having is that which the isun shines on. . Some months ago we urged the Government to give a bonus of say £1 for £1 in the cost of the first shaft to strike payable gold at say 1000ft. Sucti a bonus would Act as a powerful stimulant to many of the companies on the field, and several will probably go ahead at once and strive to be the first to prove their lodes at a depth. In this way the colony would be repaid a hundred fold for the few thousandsgiveu away a? a bonus, and something similar might also with great benefit be done in the way of re warding the striking of deep leads by means of the diamond drill. The subject is one of very great importance to the whole colony, and could well form theme for our Chamber of Mined and Commerce to take up. As the Mines Department are offering a bonU6'fbr the production of tin, the institution would have' a strong point to begin with, for the Government have shown they are not averse to the system of subsidising infantile industries, and that being the ease they can have" but little reason to refuse to foster the one industry that has raised Westralia from its former depressed condition to its present flourish ing and satisfactory state. The new mining regulations came into force on Friday, and in the absence of any evidence to the contrary we can take it for granted that the ma4e in the old code have proved, acceptable to this community. Strange to say, !hk Golden Age was .the only paper on the goldfields which took the trouble to lay before its readers the new rules, and as they are of the veiy greatest importance, the fact does not speak well for our daily contemporaries. Those who are interested in the miningindustiy, however, have, we take it, studied the regulations, and several of the'more prominent managers have already expressed both pleasure and surprise at the majority of the clauses. Pleasure, because the new rules are 'for the most part eqbitable, and likely to bring about many necessaiy reforms in the ijidustry, and sniprise because so few mistakes -have been made by the Department.; As we pointed Out on Saturday; Clause'XI. will not hare such a centralising effect as was fiist intended, simply because provision is made * " " * " with the in Perth, priority being fixed by the time of lodgment. The various regular tions with regardto reward claims, both in the alluvial and quartz mining bran^, mm but pemaps #he$hwt; of the: vexed with _ it must bet that the regulations especially with regard to Water. are liberal, and «o far as we can see they will give satisfaction to - the fields ClauBe 45 compels all owners of crushing plants ^placed :-on machine areas to >ly 'the: 'Department ^tbquarterly te oT the quantity of earth <>r i^idia of gold, the for Sfeli>lffl®mBnt being a fine tsamostnecea one* and comingback to the watei tion many people will do/well note <$hat the maximum ana for a subterranean water right 50 acres, and work must be commenced on such a lease within 14 days after the registration. The water obtained may be sold or otherwise disposed of, but the Minister is given the power to fix the maximum price, and any Attempt to increase the rates will lead to the forfeiture of the lease, or rather end it, since the violation of the clause would entail instant cancellation. It is also provided that the holder of a water area cannot prevent or interfere with gold mining within the limits of his lease, but in the event of disturbance or injury, however, miners must pay compensation to the lessen. This is a regulation requiring careful application, and may yet cause considerable trouble, simply because A man. who had a spite against water area lessee could certainly put the latter to considerable annoyance and expense by merely searching for gold and cutting up the surface of the lease. We have already dealt at length with the various other regulations, and shown that .the provisions for exemption, for the forfeiture of leases, and for entering upon leases in search of alluvial Tetnain the same as before, with the exception of one most important change., In .the past the process known ' friendly jumping V has been very common on these fields, but it is a practice most obnoxious to the Department; land therefore a penalty of £10 is provided for ah attempt at collusive forfeiture. It is to be sincerely hoped that 'the new regulations will work well, and fortunately there is every reason to believe they will be found' fully up to the mark. The death of Sir Henry Parkes removes from the Australian political stage its most prominent and most gifted character. Despite the glaring mistakes which marred the last few years of his long public life, and in the face of his ill-considered actions in the last general election, he will for ever remain the one and only political leader whose claims to be known as an Australian statesman of the 19th century are well grounded and unassailable. For fifty-two years he dominated the politics of the mother colony. He was the first and the most successful freetrade leader in the empire outside Great Britain, and whaV may be said to the contrary he is the father of Australian federation, and it was his, dream to be the first Premier of a United Australia. Born in a lonely sphere—^he son of an English agricultural laborer—he was almost entirely a self-educated man. Coining to Australia in 1839, his active brain found work in the realms of journalism. From writer to proprietor he quickly rose, but politics attracted him .ere his printing press got old, and it may be said, although he did not sit in the New South Wales Legislature until 1854, that his political life began before Constitutional Government. He thus formed the last link between Australia of to-day and the Australia as Wentworth knew it, and, despite the rapid growth and * the everchanging aspect, of the country, Sir Henry Parkes. always remained in the front, never a Radical, but certainly far from a Con servative. ^ His character, to those who knew him well, formed a striking combination of extremes. He was at once both strong and weak, cunning, yet. bold to a fault, true to his party, but fickle to its wishes. Through it aU, however^ .he was patriotic and farseeing. As a truth, heowedhis success to what riiarles Dick^s temed "the knack of seizing criti^l'op^rtunities.'' ' No man knew better th&n; he how to g«uge and- estimatepublic Opinion, ana not once bnfmany limes bife daring appeals to:the electors- were termed audacious movements before "the elections, but afterwatds the wisdom of his- actions was always (recognised.: No single mafi on the continent hadr-somany. enemies, but until five yearsagonopolitician in the colonies 'possessed Bucliastrongand compact following as.'he.; Itwaship boast jthai jns paity contained no^lukfe? warm supporters. * They were eiflwitied tobimfiecurely.orthey wereenemia when he fottrid them tiring Under Ms ^weiiulgfjip he inyiaria% Jfljrew np the fains >ot- offiee.:>- His enemies wi L accuse "him, and rightly < in many instances, Of-various 1 political crimes^ butjf hi? ^tics^reiatd they themannoton his jshole career, Jmt for theperiod anterior^td lus gteat eSmet^ feaulUffduiyeats^b: if they forgive Him the fefrlast^yeers of, his long and valuable life, they may with or .without cause bring, against his memory .the hanging of O'Farrell, the Irish lunatic, who shot at' the Duke of Edinburgh at Clontarf. They may or may uot blame his after action in creating the Fenian scare known as the "Kiama ghost," and they can with some weight accuse him having at times hoodwinked his party, but with it all they must admit the grandeur of the man's personality, his solid consistency in following iip his settled convictions, and above all his integrity as a politician. Whatever may be said his private debt*, of his frequent financial troubles, and his almost childish disregard for his private banking account, it must be conceded that had he been a little less honest, and a good deal more selfish, he might years ago have accumulated a trage fortune. When at last his many troubles had their effect lipon his mind, he might, nevertheless, easily have saved his many friends at the expense of the country. That he goes down to his grave a saddened and—it must be stud humiliated man is his, own fault, but his successor, and most bitter opponent, Mr. G. H. Keid, will now probably wish he had passed through Parliament during its last session ttie intended measure togiye the old freetrade leader a pension. His >ublic funeral was one of the argest yet seen in Australia^ but after all it was. a poor reward for a man who served the colony for .half a century, who in his last moments suffered defeat after defeat at. the polls, and who was forced to sell His library and collection to save himself and his family from penury. The Kalgoorlie deputation which proceeded to Perth, for the purpose of interviewing the Premier, aud endeavoring to have the route of the Coolgardie- Menzies railway diverted, must how feel that their errand has been in vain. Sir John - Forrest plainly told them that personally he favored the direct route from Ct«)lgardie, and as he is pledged toaNorseman line, it was not to besupposed- thai he would change his mind.' The deputation, however, were informed that the matter had not been definitely dteided by the Government, and consequently a report on the proposed Kalgoorlie route would be called for from the recognised officials. Of course, a good deal will depend upon the manner of man who is authorised to report, but if one is chosen who will fearlessly do his duty irrespective of whatever influence may be brought to bear upon him, he will surely not fail to place the true facts before the Government. If this is done, the claims of our. neighbors in Kalgoorlie to have the terminus of the Menzies railway in their midst would- be ended once and for alL We hope that the report will soon be forthcoming, for Parliament will meet in June, and one of-the first steps of the Government should be the passing of an Act authorising the construction of a line from this town to Menzies. . We held last week, and now repeat,, that the action of a misguided few in Kalgoorlie may yet delay the making of the line, and if such a deplorable event occurs the residents -of -the eastern town will havedOne,' in their fit of misplaced rivalry, a great injustice to the rest of the fields. Argument has been exhausted and facte demonslxated to the hity, but in vain; we cannot apparentj^ shpw onr neighbprs .iha advocating - a KaigoorherMeiizies line they are ui)gmg roe Government to act contrary "to.'natural Conditions. The utteranbe ok the Premier therefore is most natisfactory, since it finally stops the foolish pretensions-of a few individuals inu neighboring tpwn who wish to secure the local junction of .two. great and importsint railways, pimply because the work would add a few slullings to the price of town lote^ and give Kalgoorlie some little chjipce of, one day becoming, the^ipitalbfthegoldfields. 