COMPLIMENTARY CONCERT TO ! Ma WRfGHT. On Wednesday evening the ooncert ten* dered to Mr A. L. Wright by theuiembers of the Bay Amateur Operatio company took place iu the Academy of Music, and was an undoubted suocess, the house being tilled in every part by a most appreciative audienoe, who hy repeated applause testi fied to the excellence of the performance. The oompany had gooe to a vast amount of trouble io preparing fur tbe entertain ment, and it must have been very gratify ing to them to see lhat their efforts were bo highly appreciated The entertain ment was under the management of Mrs Prrtfitfll' and In lioo in n.. S. due the success which crowned the efforts of the compaoy as a whole. She attended all (he rehearsals, and in mapy other ways lent v-luable assistance. Mr.. Smith, of the Temperance Baod, coo* ducted, and we must compliment him on the suoceasfol way in which he carried out bia by no means easy task. The orohestrs,' which consisted of Miss Reid aod Mrs Buskin, pinno; Mr Bowyer- Scnijth, flute: Misses Andrew (2), Mr Wright, senior . and junior, violins ; Mr C. L'ng, double | buss ; discoursed some very fine musio, I the ** Les OiocheB ' aod 'Mikado' over | tures being charming performances, as was tes'ified to by the audience. Their play* ing throughout the evening was of a high I character, and added greatly, to the sue | cess of (he concert. The first part of the performance consisted of some of the prin cipal items in the opera '* Les Cloches de Oor&ville;,' tbe performers appearing in the dresses of the opera, which were -of an attractive character. ' After the overture Miss Macartharaod the company sang the ' Legend of the Bella ' in an effective mant»er The trio ' Not a Ghost stall' was charmingly rendered by Mrs Wood and Messrs Burke and Thomas, and they had to appear a second time. Miss Macarthut's song *( Love the Min strel ' was rendered io her best style, and a warm encore resulted, when she was favored with a bouquet. The chorus and song 'Just Look at This' was another successful number, Mrs Wood and oom pany renuering it in a manner mat oouia not fail to be appreciated. Ad encore fol lowed. Mr Hoaresang '* Sleeping Camp,' and Mibs Donohoe, who was in fine voice, sang ' Afton Water ' very sweetly, aod a9 an eocore gave ' Dolly's Revenge,' Mr Brierly sang in a very lively manner the soog ' How they Apologise ' and re ceived a hearty enoore. The second part consisted of selections from the opera of ' Patience,' and opened with the song and cherns ' Tbe Silver Churn,' Mr Ge gg taking the solo. Miss Hales sang '* Love is a Plaintive Song ' very nicely. The duet 'Sing Hey to Y -u ' ^by Miss Meakes and Mr Burke was admirably sung, and brought dowu tbe house, the : singers having to appear a second lime. Tne same may bo said of the duet ' He eras a Little Boy' by Mrs Wood and Miss M. Proctor. The next namber was the duet 41 Willow Waly ' sung by Mrs Wood aod Mr Gegg, being very ably rendered, and the singers had to appear a tecond time. The tiio '.^Eafcheric M was very well rendered by Messrs Fyn more, Burke aod Thomas. The second part conoluded with tbe quintette 'Bow to be Contented ' by Misses Proctor aod Hales and Messrs Fynmore, Burke and Thomas. The concluding part commenced with the ' Mikado' overture, which was followed by the chorus, 14 Comes a Train \- f Little Ladies,' which was well rendered The trio ' Three Little Maids from School was sung with artistic effort, tbe vocalists being Mrs Wood, and Misses Proctor and Macarthur. This was fol lowed by another chorus, after which Mr B ierly and omisny sang u I am right aod you are right' with spirit. Miss Proctor and chorus then gave ' Braid the Raven Hair.' The next item was one of the best of the evening, being the duet ' There is beaoty io the Bellow of the Bf -st ' In this number Miss Meakes and Mr Brierly were very successful more particularly the former, who threw, great spirit into her part, and resulted in an unmistakable enoore, Mr Hoare thanked the audienoe on behalf of Mr Wrieht, and intimated that the performance would be repeated on Friday night The object of repeating the performanoe on that evening is to seoure. sufficient funds to pay the expenses, so that the full proceeds of the first night may be given to Mr Wright. The prioes ef admission will be 2s and Is. 