0 Reuy has intimated he will hand to us to-day, representing contributions made to the fund by worshippers at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral and St. Patrick's, West Adelaide. The Archbishop is taking great interest in promoting the fund, which he testifies to being sorely and urgently needed. S.A. Police Widows axd Obphans' Association.— In 1891 the members of the Police Force established what is now known as the 'S.A. Police Widows and Orphans' Association/' and since ita inception over £2,500 has been ex pended in relieving widows. Although the question of joining the Association was left entirely optional, nearly tho whole of the members of the Police Force have become members. The contribution is 7s. 6d. per member on ths death of every member, and the Comaoittoe ot Management have provided that in the case of a member resigning there is no necessity for him to have his name struck off the roll, bat in tha event of a person being dismissed he cannot participate in the Asso ciation's beneSts. Sub-Inspector Shaw is the President, while Sergeants Duncan and Clode, Messrs. J. A. Holland and E. Nicholson form the Board of Management. Up to the present time nineteen members have died, and the Association has worked remarkably well, the benefits received having enabled many widows to tide over trying times and in some instances to start a little business. The Late Detective-Sergeact Bcechell. —The funeral of the late Mr. George Burchell, who -A-as a member of the City Detective Force for many years, took place at the West terrace Cemetery on Monday afternoon. There was a lar^e attendance of friends, tha Pohoe Foruo being particularly wall repre sented. The Police Band headed the pro cession, and on nearing the cametery gates played the '' Dead March'' in ' Saul,' while at the conclusion of tho burial service they played 'Go bury thy sorrow.' The chief mourners were:— Miss Burchell (daughter), Sergeant Burchell (brother), Messrs. W. Bur chell (nephew), Spiea., nnd Bailey. There were also present: — Tho Commissioner of Police, Colonel Madiay; Inspector Sullivan, Sub-Inspector Shaw, Directive - Sergeant Upton, Detcotivea Thorn, Edwards, Fraser, Dompsoy, June?, Carpenter, Smith, and Mitchell, Sergeants Callaghan, Irvine, and Adams, Lance-Corporal Nicholson, and members of tho Foot and Mounted Police; Messrs. W. J. Hinde, Clerk of the Police Court; W. Hall, jun.. Clerk of tha Adelaide Licensing Bench ; J. Thomas, A. Proctor, W. Terrell. C. Marten, andJ. Hall. Apologies were receive:! from the Premier, the Hon. C. C. Kingston, and the Chief Secretar.v, Hoa. J. V. O'Lo-hlin. THE CASE OF PERCY ALBERT GREG.— At the City Police Court on Monday morning the case of Percy Albert Greg, charged with sending a threatening letter to Inspector Sullivan, was again called on. Inspector Sullivan intimated that the defendant was still in tho Adelaide Hospital suffering from a dangerous illness; and in the circumstances he asked leave to withdraw the information. Mr. J. Mass Solomon, who appeared for Greg, made no objection, and the S.M. therefore acceded to the request of the Inspector. A FALL DOWN A WELL.— A son of Mr. C. Wigglesworth, of Sturt, fell down a well on Sunday morning and austained several in juries. Tho lad. vrho is 14 years of a^e, was going to the well to get some provisions which were kept in it for coolnecS sake, and when he got to the place his father saw him fall. The ?Jvdent immediately went to his rescue, goins down the well, and in doing so tore the flesh off several of his fingers. The lad was bleed ing profusely from a wound. Mr. and Mrs. Wigglesworth at ones brought him to Mitcham, where Dr. Gauit attended to tiie in jury. Illustrated Christmas Periodicals. —Tho special Christmas numbers of the illustrated papers issued in London are coming to hand in rapid succession, and, judging by the speci men copiea which have reached us from Mr. W. C. ivigby, the year's publications \rill ba at least up to the highest standard of merit of previous years. Bhv.k and Wh.iU; true to its t-itlf; limits itself ?-- uar a-. ?!:« general contents are concerned to uncoloured illustrations. These, however, avo numerous and artistic, and tha reading matter which they embellish is highly entertaining. There i4 a story by Gilbert Parker, 'The Bulfryof St. Hyacinth;' another by J. Maclaren Cobban, 'A Victory for Virtue ;' a third by F. Frankfort Moore, 'The Strange Story of Nortbaven Priory;'1 and a fourth by L. Cope Cornford, 'The Greeu silk Curtain ;*' to say nothing of poetry and miscellaneous sketches, which htlp to make up an exceedingly attractive issue. By way of supplement there is an exquisite re production of Walter Lanjrley, R.I.'t-, pathetic picture 'Motherless.' The proprietors of the Ittuftraictl London J\\-«rs have produced a number worthy of tlw best traditions of the paper. A charming tale, by Thomas Hardy, entitled 'A Committeeman of ' The Terror,'' is accorded the place of honour. It is pro fusely and most artistically illustrated by H. Burgess. In ' The Doll's Ghost'' the author, F. Marion Crawford, appears in the somewhat unfamiliar role of a caterer for the delectation of childhood, and the undoubted success he has achieved in it is enhanced by the drawings of Dualey Hardy. Mr. Grant Alien contributes a bright story under the title , of ' Wolverden Tower.' and ia addition to a host of smaller pictures, tn'avo and gay, coloured and uncoloured, there is a gorgeous presentation plate entitled ''Symphony,' representing a richly clad little lady playing the violin, and in so doing inflicting sweet torture upon a well- groomed canine companion. Pears' Annual amply sustains its claim to be regarded as one of the very best of tho Christrnastide publications- 'It is certainly a marvellous shilling's worth. The reading matter comprises quaint legends relat ing to tho festive ' season, a delightful story by G. IL Sims extending over more than twenty pages, and a choice little romance of Cairo in the Fifties, by E. M. Hewitt. Tho story is lavishly illustrated, and some half score of coloured plates descriptive of Christmas scenes— ancient and modern — are introduced to give variety and attractiveness to the letterpress. Not content with giving its readers tha literary and artistic feast which the Annual, itself affords, the proprietor has thrown in no less than three choice pictures, characterized by a delicacy of drawing and a wealth of colouring which places them in the first rank of process illustrations. They re present respectively a festive dinner scene, with the motto ''Christmas Comes but Once 3 Year ;' ' Leaving London to Spend Christmas in th-- Country: Departure from La Belle Sauvago Inn Yard :': and ' A Canter on the Heath : the whole Family Cavalry Turned Out for Exercise. ' The=e publications, together ?with the Graphic Christmas number, described by us a day or two ajo, which, by the way, was also forwarded to us by Mr. Rigby, will furnish the most omnivorous devourer of yule tide literature with abundant material for whilin? aw.iy many a pleasant hour during the holidav season which is so fast ariproachinc. The Distressed Fabmeks' Fusd.— The amounts for this fund, acknowledged through the Register, now aggregate £3,728 Is. Sd. This includes £65 17s. 9d., which Archbishop 