REVIEWS. Tho scene of 'A Humblo Enterprise,' by Ada Cambridge, is located in Melbourne Joseph Liddon, at the closo of a day's holiday, was wending his way homeward with hisguu on his shoulder and a dead hare dangucginms hand. Joseph was crossing a railway line, and a train sweeping round a curve swept him ont of existence. Tho widow and children hold council as to their future, which looked nono too rosy. Jenny, the eldest, is a self reliant, pretty girl, and at her suggestion they open a teashop in Littlo Collins-street, where ladies might refresh themselves after inspect ing tho fashions. How the humble enterprise succeeded and what befell the pretty Jenny are narrated iu a very amusing aud delightful manner indeed. The boo): is uicely illus trated: 'The Vanished Emperor,' by Percy Andreac, is a mixture of fact and fiction which deals with nome striking incidents in the life of a famous old English diplomatist Tho story hinges on tbo Hanoverian succession, and many eminent personages, under a thin disguise, aro introduced, amuug whom are tho German Emperor, Bismarck, the Dukoof Cumberland, and others of lesser rank. Tho book opens with the contemplated voyage of the Kaiser to tho East, but when the moment for departure arrives tho Emperor is not to bo found, and, of course, there is consternation throughout his dominions. It is a well-written work, tho dialogue interesting, and tho characters clearly presented. 'Rust of Gold' is a volumo of up-to-date stories and smart dialogues by Francis Provost, in which there is nodisplay of either cardinal virtues or deadly ainB ; and for this much thanks. It opens witn 'False Equivalents,' tho story of a variety actress and Lord Veynes, which by no means ends in the orthodox fashion.. In 'A Ghost by the Sea' tho author, like tho Fat Boy in Pickwick, docs his best to mako tho reader'3 ' blood curdle,' and succeeds admirably, but rather more artistically. There is a subtle charm and distinctive stylo about the whole, of thoso cleverly written trifles which makes them delightful reading. But why tho title? If wo remember rightly, gold, witd one excep tion, is the only metal which knows not ' rust.' 11 On tho Vergo' is a similar work by tho same author, bomeof tho pieces in iwhichhavealready appeared in Black and White and TtpiplcBar, but they aro well worth reproducing: The above are all published by. Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Bowden, aud reach us through Messrs. E. S. Wig; & Son, who havo also sent ' Tho Art of Happiness,' by Montagu Blatch ford, Gar ion Oince, illustrated by the author. In this vigorously written book wo are told bow men and wemen may make the best of the present unsatisfactory social conditions, and thereby obtain happiness and content ment. There is a lot of sound reasoning in this shilling volume, which should be bought nnd studinn. 'Tho Doctor's Double,' by Nat Gould: Routledffo & Sons. Dr. Dane aud his twin brother Frank are n3 like as two ptios. Frank goes mad, and is confined iu a private lunatic asylum, where ho persistently asserts that he is the real Dr. Dane. After a time he escapes, secretes himself in his brother's house, and chloroforms him. whilo asleep. With all a madman's cunning ho changes clothes with his brother. Frank then sands for the keeper of tho asylum, and tho sane doctor takes the place- of tha madman. Frank, who had also studied medicine, continues his brother's prac tice. Amy Montrose, Dr. Dano's sweetheart, some five years prior to this event bad left England to kesp house for her brother in Aus tralia. Frank beforo his madness had loved Amy. Ho keeps up his brother's correspon dence with iior. and they arrange to bs married in Sydney, whitherFrark proeeeus. Thisclcvorly conceived plot is well worked out, and the book will Ixi found exciting from cover to cover. 'Ireland,' hy William O'Connor Morris, Cainbridgo University Pnas. Thu work, written by an Irish Judgo, is a history of Ireland during 1404— lMiS. It begins with a description of the island and its inhabitants beforo the Anglo-Norman Conquest, the last notable event mentioned being the Fenian rising in 1837. Irish history, especially when contrasted with that of England, shows most strikinglr how calamitous wero the effects in tho middle ages of the complete absence of a strong monarchy aud a strong central Govern ment from a land abandoned to feudal oppres sion and to tribal disorder and discord. This excellently written work liears witness to the truth that it is difficult for a Teutonic people to manage- or cvon to understand a Ucltic. ' Miss Armstrong's aud Other Circumstances.' This is a volume of cleverly written 6torics by John Davidson. Miss Armstrong is an ordinal and amusing study, and it would bo difficult to find a more realistic bit of writing than that which describe*. ' Alice Hepburn's Exploit.*' A most humorous sketch is ' Talk ing Against Time,' whilst 'An Ideal Shoe black' and ' Among the Anarchists' will bo found deeply interesting. Altogether tliero are ten stories, the last living a pretty fairy talc. Mr. Davidson's healthy unconventional stylo is a treat. Mrs. Olifjhan 1 13 a delightful as well as a prolific writer.! and in ' Tho Two Marys'' thcro is uot asinqie character which is not cleverly conccivo.l and delineated. Mary Pcveril's mother is dead . and her father, a clergyman, in, delicate health, marries Mary Murtindale, a young governess, his dauchlcr at this timo beh)'-' a. sensitive cirl of fifteen. The clergymen dies soon after bis second marriage. To eke out their small incomo the widow and daughter let two of their rooms to a young citil engineer, which results in some complicated lovomaking. The volume also contains a story entitled 'Grove- road, Harapsteud,' which details the adven tures of an interesting Canadian family in London in a simple and vigorous manner. All of these works have reached us through Messrs. E. S. Wiwj & Son. Tho last two noticed are published by Methuen & Co. Through Messrs. E. S. Wigtf k Son we havo received several of Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden's latest publications. 'Tho Girl at BirrcUV is ouo ot tho best Australian stories that has coruo under our notice for some rime, life on a great sheep principality iu tho tlive rina district being faithfully 'depicted. George Muirden is tho youngest sou of a rich jxtrvtau, a great Melbourno importer, who gavo huge subscriptions to charities and popular fads in tho hopes of securing a knighthood. lie had begotten a gentleman, and tho specie* was unfamiliar to him, so ho attempts, unsuccess fully, to mould George, who is incapable of a meanness, to the iin:t£u of liinwclf. Tl:is leads to prolonged unpleasantness iu the Muirden household, and onds iu Gcorgo being packed off to Moorabinna as a jackeroo. Some few miles from the station is Birrell's Oomluoroo Creek Hotel, where- Lizzie, tho hand-soino barmaid, dispenses smiles and whisky iu return for squatters' cheques. Tho son of tho Mclliourno millionaire succumb* to tho charms of the 'Girl at Bin-ell's,' which results in somo rather interesting and startling complications. The dialogue is lively aud the characters finely drawn. The author, who is evidently woll acquainted with bush life, is especially fine iu his description of scuuery, which is dis tinctively Australian. In the 'Expiation of Wynne Palliacr,' by Bertram -Iitford, we havo an exciting novel, atounding in startliug situations. The story owns iu South Africa' — the happy hunting ground of the uovelist. The hero is a wan with n P^t, who in - early life had been the victim in an unfortunate lovo affair. The rich and beautiful Ethel Su'Kerrian pays a visit to her African relatives. Here sho. meets Palliser, and tho liking at first sight is mutual. To follow tho lovors through thoir most extraordi nary African and English adveuturos is thrilling reading. A number of illustrations by Stanley Wood aro baautifully executed. 'The Dwarfs' Chamber' is a collection of tales by Fergus Hume. Tho one tbat_ gives the book its title is both original am', striking ; tho others, notably the 'Dead Man's Dia mond*' and the 'Turquoise Skull,' deal with the terrible and mysterious. . Mr. Hume is a capital storyteller who can depict a-pow8rlul scuuo in a very realistic manner, and Komo spirited pictures by eminent artists are attrac tive. . 'Gathering Clouds.' by Frederic W. Farrar, D.D. ; Longmans, Green, & Co. Colonial edition. — In this 'Tale of the Days of St. Chrysostom' the author says in the prc faco that be docs no; appeal to the ordinary novel reader, but wishes to create au interest far deeper and higher than that of passing amusement. Aud ne has certainly succeeded, for though tho book ii long it keeps one's interest through every phase presented of the life of Chrysostom. The first tscenes are laid in Antioch, then comes the appointment as Archbishop of Constantinople through the atjency of tho eunuch Eutropius. All ths Father's work, troubles, persecutions, and the wicked plots of his enemies in that corrupt place and aje aro set out at great length. With iutensa interest tho reader follows the life ' of the saintly Archbishop, tvho was . finally banished through the schemes of tho Empress Eudoxh, and after incredible- suffering and hardships died a martyr in the year -107. 'Chrysostom mw sixty years of ag_o. : For nearly seveu years ho had been Patriarch of Constantinople ; for three years and threj months ho hail been a deposed, calumniated, and banished man. Ho did not livo to sea the clearing of his name, tho scattering to the winds of the lies which had been heaped upon his innocence; the deep rc fintanco of tho children of his murderers, ouls counted his life madness and his end to be without honour. Now is he counted among tho children of God and his lot among the saints.' To thoso who know D-.'an Farrar's other hooks thoro is no need to apeak of the beauty and graphic force of tho writing. As a picture of tho corrupt Byzantine Empire, ' tbe most thoroughly base and ? despicable form _ that civilization bas yet assumed,' the book is in valuabU. Ths thread of romance running through it is alight, and is almost lost sight of in the historic interest surrounding the noble figure of Chrysostom, an interest almost suffi cient to carry even the 'ordinary novel reader' through occasional rjages where tbo historical facts aro so closely' packed that the nibst concentrated atfentlou is necessary to follow. -tljeni. Every student who has under slood flio' *uthot-'p3rpose willLffel with, him Yhcu he says jn the-pref ace :—'.Yet however much the Divine ideal mieht bo obscured, it was never wholly lost. Tho sun was often clouded, but behind that veil of earthly mists, on the days which seemed most dark, it was there always' flaming in the zenith, and it could make the darkest clouds palpitate with rooms, by Cecil Frances Alexander. Mac mil Ian & Co.— In this rather bulky volume wo have sixty-two hymns to begin with, followed by a number of poems ou sacred subjects, taken from both the Old and Now Testaments, ' Narrativo and Imaginative Pooms,' 'Occa- sional and Miscellaneous,' 'Translations,' tho volume ending with '.'Songs for Children.' The vereo as a rulo runs smoothly, and that Mrs. Alexander, who died last year, was endowed with many of the qualities which go to make a poetes3 is evident Tho first lines of 'Tho Siege of Derry'are a fair sample of her easy style of versification :— . O my daughter! lead me forth to the bastion on tho ' : iiorth, Let mo seo the water running from tbe green hills of Tyrone, ? : ? Where tho wootls of .Mountjoy quiver above tho P.; changeful river, : . .' ? And the silver trout lie hidden in the pooh that I have known. ' 