THE GHOST IN THE OAB. a fantastic TALE, It was past midnight tho oity streets wero deserted and it was tirno to go borne. S thought cabby No. 11, shivoring in his rusty overcoat. He had watched tho electric light on the corner untilits ringof rainbow needles seemed to stab his eyes and tho big shadows on tho street below it to shako with the cold. " Not a tare this wholo blasted night !" ho muttorcd, reaching down and pulling tho blanket from his horse.- ' As ho did so, ho felt tho carriage givo a great jar on its springs. He turned quiokly some one had flung hlmsolf into the scat behind him. ."What do you want?" said tho cabby, roughly, . Thoro was a pause— then a volco camo through tho darkness, thiok and nasty as a gurglo of bl&ok; oil : 14 Drive me to Judas W (there's, and in tho name of heaven, drive fast I" 14 Judas Withers has been dead and his soul with tho devil this many a year," answered the cabman, staring behind him. 1 44 Tho bouso still stands.- but I have lost my way. Go on, you fool !" Tho figure reached over, and catohlng tho whip from Its nlaoo,gavo the horse a lash. Tho old beast plunged forward, banging and rattling down the street, while tho cursing' 'cabmen tried to clutoh at the reins : .but- on "his wrist, and the thick voice camo olosetd his eir: - -"Now— wW.yon ahowjne my my ?V . The driver sank inKhjvY's'4;6 a ffblp.'- On-they' rushed, past closed stores, and? larapless blocks of houses, now ripping and .wenching across the cartraoks, and now swinging along the deserted road, on and on, until tho pavements had been leftbohind and the frost looked back from the ruts like a million llttlo green eyes. At last came tho oommand, 44 Stop I I see now," and the next instant tho cab was. empty. 44 My fare!" yelled the cabman, leaping down. There was no answer. Ho looked about him. It was very dark where ho stood, but tho waning moon, frith its gnawed and crumbled edges, hung ou a Hue with tho fir tops. Before him roso a vaguo blaakness, tho houso of Judas Withers, tonautlcss but for tho' old wlfo, who still olung like somo polo licbcn to Its mouldering 6tones. "Pcrnaps she, too, was dead. Tho cabby did not know. uu uiu nni»v, luuugu, »iui, uuuu, nuuvn had been a miserly carcass, grudging the very skin that hung his bones together, " - Tho houso stood book from tho road and was eurrouuded by a gardon, now lying gray And loncsomo under tho moon. As tho cabby .peered toward it, ho saw tho figure of a man como into the moonshine. It sprang across the open spaeo in soft leaps, liko a great black bubble, its every movemont full of a dreadful vitality— then it was. gone. As the drivor himBou turned to go, ho' saw a tiny red spark flash out from tho houBO before him, and ono after tho other tho windows on tho lower floor glowod red, "as a crawling blotch of sparkles will eat aoross soot. Tho man was thoro— tho man who owed him monoy I— nnd all foar fled but tho fcarof loss. Tho cabby tied bis ' horso and wont creeping up the path under covor of. tho hedges. Whan ho reached tho house, he raised himself geptly and )ook$d in at one of the windows. Before him lay an empty room. On tho floor, throWn from a window opposite, was a great cheakorcd flag oi moonlight- nothing more, nothing but thoso blao squares in tho darkness. Suddenly tho cabman dtiokcd his head, for ha saw that a man had glided in tho room. Ho carried a candle high nbovo his bead, and his great palo faco was bloated and looso as a curd. Tho cabman crouched low. ,/L gust of wind sot tho flr trees whispering, and a shutter slammed far away in tho houso. 44 Guess I'll got out of this," ho muttered, rising. But ho did not go, for tho figure that stood in the c&ndlo-light; had turned Kb back to tho window nnd was digging among tho brioks, ripping and scratching liko a leopard, whilo his long shadow clawed on tho coiling above him. 44 Thiol 1" said tho oabman, botweon his teeth, pressing his ear to tho brok'on panes. 44 Thore is treasure hidden there, perhaps, gold, perhaps " Just then tho man insido gave a joyful grunt. Ho lifted an iron box'from tho bolo ho hod been digging. There was no key in the look, but at his touoh tho oover flew and out poured the contents— bluo, green, and gold, llko a glittering rush of water' broken beneath' the sun. The cabby's hoart stopped beating. 44 Dia monds I" ho said, .softly, ; then ho grasped at tho window- ledge, for tho creature gave a howl of anguish. -v » Good God) thoy give no light 1" And tho echoes ohattorea baok 44 No light I ho light i'! . - . Tboro was a long silence. Tho huddle on tho floor rooked to - and fro, his faco buried in his-thin hands. ' ' ' Tho moon had sank and the sky was clear as dark glass. A cook erowed somewhere in the oast. Opposite hlra was a door with a fan-shaped transom over It, and, as ho looked, It grow gray and thou rosy. - Somo ono was coming; now oven tho oabman could hear tho light creak of stepB. Nearer thoy camo, nearer ; tho door oponcd and a little figure peeped Into tho room— tho little figure of a woman, shrivelled hod very old. Tho man by tho fire-plaoe sprang up. As tho woman's eyes met that ghastly face, she gavo a cry. 44 Judas 1" sho sorcamca, 41 Judas I" Then sho tottered and slid in a heap. at his feet. Ho kicked at her, bat sho only lay there, gibbering " What do yon want ? What do yon want?" . At last ho answered her. 44 It was black; it'ohoked mo— It was so dark I oh, so dark 1 Lhavo como baok for tho light tboy.promlsed'mo. Thoy said I should find it hero— that without it my soul will' bo blind— blind 1 Do yon hear me? Holpme find it I As yon Were my, wife; help me find The woman crawled to hor knees, hor eyes raised to his, and the terrified cabman, watoh- jng through the window,, saw that tho kerchief, folded acroBO her bosom was bright, as if d lamp glowed behind it. r Tno other man saw it, too, and bis whito claws shot out, burying themselves in her breast. When ho had finished, ho held in bis stainod anddrippingbandsthe woman's hoart. It quivered, like the. bruised human thing it was, bnt the light shining from Ik never wavered, lighting tho hollow of tho man's hand and the hollow, of tho great room ; bis face and his loose, white lips smiling widely; and the pit of his threat, that was blaok as the gate of hell ; lighting, too, the tumbled, trampled body and tho etar-dust of spilled diamonds. . - Ho paused an instant— ho whose namo was that of tho dead— then ho turned and bounded toward the window. Thore was a smash of glass, and tho cabman' felt thoso smc&red-fingers; at his own neck. 14 Now take me baok where I came from. Bo quick, or else—" He did not finish his- thrcat. The cabby gave a si ok gulp, as if his throat wore fall of pasto, then he was dragged over tho ground and flung into -tho seat 'of his cab, The creature sprang after him, grind ing hiu against the paBh-board with its bony knees, whore the. poor cabby clung/frantic with tenor aB they -fled, pounded, flow, down tho road. When the cabman oponcd his eyes again, there was a great buret of snnshino. Abovo his head shone the heavens, deep as the core of a Sapphire, and far away he ooald see the blue haze of tho oity 6treaked with gray plumes of smoke. In the gross lay his shattered cab,' and high over bis head, its pearly summit seeming plunged in the eternal azuro, roso a marble shaft. On it wore carved these word : .. . j To Judas Withers. ; ; erected by isis loviko wife. , Tho lottcrs wero of gold, but tho morning sun had toaphed them Into words of fire. 