jOmT WROHfil t1' \\. OR, THE Y o J? blaok ' JTOXjX,OW GXtAKGlB. '' %»-» 1 — ' 1 CHAPTER XXIK-— OoNiismtD. p Lacly Bianca, tatl, aiul handsome, anil jgrnciouB, was about to remove her glove, to receive tbe innrriugo ring, whau there arose a icommolloh at tho floor. . . ( Lady ilarlowo Klaucud round, and saw Sir (Hiirry Triishan advancing followed by some D jtwo. or three others. Something in the. set, , atom, look of his face struck terror to ber heart. I He came up with n rapid, ringing stop, ; '(Straight to the altar rail. 1 " Hold 1" he dried, his voice like a bugle ; "this marringo must not go on." I The clergyman stopped uud stared; old Sir Hereford wheeled round, mid angrily de- jpiandcd what was wanted ; the bride arched uxor delicate brows and awaited in well- 4)1611 nmnzement ; while Lady hlnrlowe grew white to the blonde crimps on hor brow. Tho bridegroom bad turned with tbe rest, ,nnd looking beyond Sir Hairy, had caught sight ot tbe iittlo shrinking figure in tbe bttckgrouud. At a dingle glance he recognised ber. A. hoarse cry broke from his lips. He put his bride from bim and rushed down the 'aisle. "Isabel, Isabel 1" I10 cried, "my wifol toy darling I have you come back ?" Shu was in bis arms iu aninstant, clinging about bis Reel:, t'ue tears streaming over her 'white chucks like tain. "Arthur, Arthur I" she sobbed, I never thought to lice you again ; but I lmvo loved you through all my misery ! Aail I have a little baby, your own child, Arthur. We could not bring it bccnusu of tlie oohl, but you oball eus it nud lore it, and you Won't 1st Lliem take it away from uie, Arthur?" Ho bold her close to his heart, bis eyes (light with all their old lire. ".I have been a fool, and ill a dream; but, lhr.uk Heaven I I am awake now," I10 cried. " She is my wlfo," confronting tbe nwe- Btriukun group at the altar, " my own wife, und this marriage cannot proceed." Lady Marlowe nud Lady Bianca simultan eously fainted away; orange blossoms wsro crushed, lnocs tumbled, and in dire confu sion tho woddiug cuic to an eud. Isabel still clinging to ber husband, lifted ber piteous eyes to his face. " I'ou won't lut them take me from you Ugaio, will you, Arthur 7" she whispered. Ho strained her oloso to bis heart, > " My darling, nn t No one ahull ever tako you from mo ngain I" CHAPTER XXX. olotii- de's confession. The morning appointed for tbe exccntion of tlie murderer of Arthur Trevetbon had 'arrived. Ibo whole story of his crime had been told, and the true Sir Geoffrey, tbe man whose name nud heritage he bud eo long nourped, Had been found, and brought fouo to face wilh tbe miterable criminal in bis cell. Tbe two stood eye to oye— King Lear and the man who had so long borne bio name, A flash of returning memory brightened tlie old man's eye. " I know bim ; I romcmbor bim," bo Bald. " His name is Audrow Brace. I gave my I Bbild into bis keeping. What hus he done srith bim?" "I murdered bim," answered tlio felon, gnashing his teeth and rattling his chains " ns I would murder you now, if I could get at your throat." There was no doubt of tbe old man's Identity. If tbere was, the evidence of Lord Harry llcthwcll cleared it all nwr.v. " Sir Geoffrey and mrself were college cliuine," I10 said, "sworn "friends nnd allies. If you want a tost, I can give you one. My old friend, Geoffrey, had a uurious mark on liis arm — a iittlo sour, precisely in the form of <1 triangle." King Loaf laughed his cheery laugh, and pushed up the sleeve of his right arm. "What a sharp feilow ltothwell is ; lie al ways was," he said. " Now I had quite for gotten that iittlo mark, but there it is, gentlemen." So vlio case wn3 settled to every one's satisfaction, and alter years of exile, the heir of Trevcthon was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Mies Trevethon, jis nioue, ho took tip his abode at tbe ancestral mansion, Ly'inlith Hall. / And on this cheerless winter morning, the (Sooution Was to tako place. In punish- .xaent ot ids crime, Andrew Bruce was to euffor the extreme penalty of the law. But he remained unrepentant to the last, refus ing to see a clergyman or to make tho least preparations for etornily. Loudon wns all excitement that winter morning, and crowds of oager spectators trooped ill t'ue direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to be done. Tlie criminal was a famous one, and every detail of tho preliminary proceedings was carried out with official decorum. The royal troops woro in attendance ,- the officer) en tered tho prison 10 bring forth their victim, they went tramping into tlio dark cell, and found not tlie criminal they expected to see, I but a woman. , A ghost thoy at first sight lioliovcd her to 1 be, and reooiioo in amazed horror. A blood- : less, aged creature crouching on the pallet of 1 straw, hor hollow eyes glittering iu the gloom liko lurid fire. 'Your victim 1ms escaped, and I am here lin bis stead," she ssid, speaking in 'hollow tones, while they atood stunned and ; silent. " Goid can work wonders, and I bad ) , gold. Hang mo in bis stead, if you will, ,. but first bring a clergyman to bear my con- .i Icsniou." >: Tlio clergyman name, nnd with tbe sacred. « crucifix before her eyes, tho wretched erea: ') tuiu went 011 : C . " H11 was my husband, Andrew Bruoe, tlie V mail who lias so long usurped Sir Geoffrey | Trevctlinn's name and titlo, and bis son was 1 my oklld, not Richmond Trevetbon. For , long years I have known thu secret, nnd )i liare held my pence. Ho mado mo owenr by i tho blessed crucifix never to betray bim, and j .well have I kept my oath , but I must break i ltnow. My aius liuheavy ou my soul, andl am dying. I Aud there, crouching down in tbe prison I t cell, while tho dreary morning waned with- out and the Impatient crowd walled, eha w, .made hor confo-rion, detailing nil the atrnnge It jtory of crime nud sin which oho bad known A to long. fi ' Ho nan my husband," Bhe said in con- d.'t elusion, " and I have saved bim lrom tbe 1' ; death bo so richly luorjted. Let bim go, Sir tv Geoffrey Trevethon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved liim from tho sea and from if-, dentb b'y a miracle. I hare known the trnth jfe; all theeo yoare. Hie body was cast ashore on F " tho French ooast, and bo wns restored to life ; but bis mind was gone ; lie baa neither te.i: reason nor memory. Ho was- cured for by some humane soolety, and sont with many S, Y -others to an English mad-house. All tho par- tloularB of tlio strange affair woro told to me by ouo who knew, nnd you may rely on them. kM Heaven has restored Sir Geoffrey to his own, j'r and yon can afford to lot iny wretohed hue- lip r\v band go." J-j'-p : " And Sir Gonffroy'sBon, Richmond ; bare It if you heard nothing of him since you loft him that niglit on tho binils of the Lorle ?" asked Mfc ' "'-ww of her bearer. j Tee, I found him again in the cottage of iji'.iv,; a peasant woman I iff bad found him, and Irestored him to life, lni.t he was like bis ' .'father, left without tajmory of the past. I'Thiit blow' on "his temple had Injured his 'Mjgl 'brain, and his miuil was a blank. Thu puos- "nut woman could not keep bim, and I took CTfS' Ihira with mo, intending to bide bim from An. Idrew, In the groat city of London She. very Vy7" (lay of my arrival) while J yraa almost beside mvioff'Tcst Xhdretf should find that the lad Wed. I toll In with a country Womau, Bho Was sitting on tbo steps of O ohurob, and Weening fit to break her heart, I approsebed ber to inquire tho eanse, for my own mU-rv was so great, I seeped to pity all human oaf- faring. 8o«tn(» tho ohlld nt my side, she Uttered zipioroing cry S -j:i, no i0020 so much llCO my boy, < thought be bad come buck frota tho grave,' alio said, coming close to ma, and sobbluj uitoously. " I pitied her, and esxed her to tell me hoi story. Her lme band had gone off to aea, to be gcuo fur yams, und she, baring acoompanled liiui as fur as Loudon, was returning home with her son. But the lad had strayed out into tho streets, and a runaway horse lmd Iran eked him down, nnd trampled on him killing him instantly. " -He's dead, and they've hurried bim,'shi continued, wringing her bands, my pruttj boy, and bis father's Inst words were, - Tain good care 0' tbo lad ; if barm befall him, I'll nu'er come boms to you again while I live. And he s deed now, doad nnd buried, am' bow shall I ever face bis father?' "A tbought flashed into tny mind, I wantcc to be rid of tbo puor lad whose life I had saved.' I knew if Andrew ever found oul that ho lived, be would murder uo both- an tt struck me that I would givo tbo lad tt this woruau whose son was dead. I tnadt the proposal to her, explaining that the lad was friendless, and bad been injured by s hurt—" She paused, her breath gono, hor face livid They admruistered restorativas, and she re covered. "In her tcrrlblo trouble, tbe poor creature jumped at my proposal," she went on ; " ths lad was like ber dead con, and sbe would take bim, and train bim up to h--'-. upon bui as bis mother, an cosy enough tg to do, eiucs bis mind was like an iu.. ,'s. Well ebo took bim, and — " Shu paused again, a deeper pallor on boi face, a hoavso rattle in her thrast. Once mora tbo restoratives were administered, bill this time without effect. Sho oigned for the crucifix, pressed it to her lips, drew a long, convulsive breath, and lei) back lipnn the straw dead, ber story left uu- Uuished. Puor, erring, fond Olotilde ; her lifa oi martyrdom was eude-1 at lust. A week later, one stormy morning, tbe current of a swollen river wasbod the body ut a man a3horo, and v/beu the affair was investigated it turned out to be the body oi tho felon, Andrew Bruce. Escaping from a fate he deceived, hu bail mob Ids death, " Vengeance is luino," gaith the Lord ; " i will repay 1" CHAPTER XXXI. "Sothswholo thing is settled, you see, Miss Trevetbon," said Sir Harry l'recbam, relating tbo particulars of poor Clotilde'e death to Lenore, in tbe library at Lymlith Gall. " The poor soul died with tbe un finished story on her lips, and, of cottree, we cbuU ncvor hear aught else of 8lr Geoffrey's son. He died, doubtless, from tbe effects of tho injuries ho received at tho fiend's bands; or, if he lived, grew up an idiot. An awful pity for poor King Lear ; bie heart seems so cet on finding bis son ; but I feel rather glad on your account, Miss Trcvctuon I" Lenore looked down at the tiny golden hoop— the emblem of herymitbfii. -etrutlial — with asuppressud cigh, whelhei regret or relief site could not have told. " Yon will feel so much relieved 1 your mind," Sir Harry went on, "all that trouble about your poor father's will is uuded. You are free now to choose any iiip.u you fancy for your busbnnd, and— and IIo stammered and then stood r.ilent, flush ing hot to tbo roots of liis blonde liuir. Lcuorc looked up at bim, an arch twinklu in ber blue eyes. " Don't do it, Sir Harry, please don't," she laughed; "don't renew your. proposal, bo- cnuse you think I cxpoct you to do so ! If yon do, I shall give you tho old answer- I do not feel free to innrry, I moot wuit. Were it otherwise, I could not marry you, because — there now, don't lot it hurt your vanity, because — I don't lovo you I Now, that's candid. Goine, Sir Hurry, be as frank with mo. My prophecy has come true. You have changed your mind I Who is my rival I" Sir Harry turned all colors, nnd stam mered furiously; but through all, his relief wits evident. At lost bo broke into an amused laugh. " You're a witcb, Miss Trevethon. I lmvo changed my mind, though I'm ashamed to confess it. Tho fault is all your own, how ever. You refused my offur, nnd sent mo off to that gruesome old manor, where I came within nn aoo of breaking my neck, nnd— nnd a protty wood-nymph found mo, and saved my life — " " And you foil in lovo with her ?" inter- posed Lenore' " You have gucsBed it, Miss Trevethon. Now confess that you despise mo for my fickleness." " Nuy, I honor yon I The worst of folly is to waste love where it is not wanted. Sir Harry, I am so glad." A week later found Sir Harry again at the Fellsidu farmhouse. "Miss ilcivilic," he sold, standing at tlie window which opened on the sunset moors, 1 have como to know my fate tills time. The journey from London is rather long, nud Buapense is very wearing. I want to know the truth. I lovo you, Maud, and I honor you ns much ns I love your. Will you bo my wife I" fibo turned round nnd looked at him with her clear, tender eyes. " You rcnily lovumc I" sho said. " I do, with a depper, worthier lore than I cvar gave to any other womau." Her lip9 quivered and ber eyes foil. Ho put his arm about her, and drew her close to liis heart. ' Maud, do you think you can learn to re turn ray lovo 7" ho asked. "Tbo task will not bo bard," sbe an- iworod. " bir Harry, I lovo you now." Tbosunset faded from off the wild moors, ind with tho durk cumu a mvssouger from the Gerhart cottngo. The mother of Am brose was dying, nud Maud was summoned' to bar bedside, 'I'hey gathered about hor, just us the bells iu tho adjauuut village itruuk the midnight hour. " I shall novor see the sun rise," she said, her voice weak and broken. My und is ut band, and I cannot die with an untruth upon my sinful soul. Gome nearer, Donald, yon and Ambroso, und forgive mo for what I am about to tell. Yon rememberyonr last words to me, busbnnd, when you started on that loug voyage? You said if lletbarin befall our lad, youd never come homo to mo ngain. And I was so foud of you, Donald " .. "Pour wife I poor wile I" said ber hus band, caressing her white face. " Lot me go on," sbe gaspod ; " my braatb is falling. Donald, Ambroso there is not our son I Our boy was killed in London the very day youoailed." Father and son uttered a elmuitauoous er,y. " Forgive mo," the poor wife wont on ; "I was so fond of you, Donald, and 1 hated so to break, your heart, I inut with a woman while I sat lamenting the fate of our boy, and she had a lud witli ber who bad tbe look of our little Ambrose. And whon I nrlod out and caught him in my nrms, she offored to lot me have him. She said lm was an orphiiu, and lmd been hurt in tho head, so that his mouory wai gene, and there was soma one who would kill him if she kept him. And I took the lad, Donald, anil she gave mo a puree ot gold nud a little paokngo of money in Bunk 0! England notes ,- you'll find them in tbe drawer of the walnut side board " So I took tbe lad and brought bim home with me, and for months be wn9 liku an idiot. At lost his mind came back to him, but he knew nothing of the past except whra I told him 1 find I routed him. up to b&Hevo; himself our Bon. , Ambrose i novo lovsd you liko a mother. Oah you lorgWo me?" '. ' 'Tbo young man bent down and kiosed her panting lips, but poor Donald, who had loved Ids handsome son with a great love, turned aside hio faco and wept. . , e The newB went down to London . that Sir Geoffrey Trevothon's son bad „ been found, and it also reached Lenoro'e eare. Ilcr face grew aebea white, and the papci containing, the wonderful tidings fell from lier hand. ' "I cannot marry bim— I will not, she said, speaking under ber breath. And when, on tbo following day, A- brosa and' Sir Harry reached Lyndltb Hull, they fouud only King Lear to welcome them. ' He fell upon tho neck of Ambrose nnd wept liku a child. '! My boy I my boy I How well I remember the day I promised your dying mother to bring you home to England, nnd to your rightful heritage, and here you are I Through great perils God has brought us to each other i I might have known it t Your face atrnck rau tho first time I sot eyes on it. I might have known you were my son." But Miss Trevethon had gone, leaving only a brief uote behind her, addressed to Rich mond Trcvathon. " I cannot obey my father's will and become your wile ; hence I go. The Treve thon heritagu is mine— I leave it as a gift foi you." That was all. Ambroso read the brief lines a great agony at bis heart. "I'll find her," bo said, "if it takes years, and rolcass ber from hor bonds." ' And for months hu was a wanderer, going from city to city, always on her track, bui losing sight of her at the lost hour. One cummer evening, In an old worlo Ofttbadral, gorgeous with tho purple glory ol stainud windows, nnd filled with strains ol dlviuo music, thoy met face to face. Sho turned from tho pictured Madonna before which sho stood, her fnoe growing deadly pale. " Miss Trevothou," spoke Ambrose, "T havt found you at last, thank Ucuvcn I Why did you leave your home and your licritago 1 You must return to thorn." "Nay, 1 cannot," sho replied, a pain ful red mounting to hor brow, "bccaust I cannot marry Sir Geoffrey Trevothon'i son I" ' ' Sir Geoffrey's son will release you." " That will not alter tlie oaso, or uhnnge ths letter of my father's will. But how should know what Sir Geoffrey's son will or will "not do I Aro you his messenger?" Something ill her face thrilled him tc his heart's core ; he shook liko a reed in the wind. " How should I know? Surely, MisBTreve- thon, you are not ignorant of tho fact that 1 am Sir Geoffrey's son?" " VouV Sho drew back, growing white to the lips. ' ' "Answer, mo, for Heaven's sake," he im plored. ' Did you know?" " I did not." " Yot you loft I Wbnt docs it mean ? Oh, do not deceive me ; do nut triUo with me, Lenore I Wont is it 1 road in your eyes that emboldens mo to speak? .Hove you— love you as 1 shall never love another woman. I buvo lovoil you since tbnt awlul uigut — luvod you iu silence aud secrecy. Speuk to mo, Lonoro !" She looked up, her eyes melting with in finite tenderness. " And you ure Sir Geoffrey's sou?" she said, softly. " I am." Ho stood waiting, his arms folded across his hrcast. due caught up the little ring, null glittering ou her chain, auu pressed it to her lips. ' Precious little pledge, no wondor I could not give you up I" sho murmured, passion ately. Ho caught her hands and drew her toward him. Lenore 1 Lenore I do you mean — " I mean this," she said, her eyes drooping beneath his gaze, "' 1 had no dream that you were Sir Geoffrey's son, and Juviag you too well eveu to ohcy my father's will, I rau away lroin Engiaud." \- He caught her to his breast with a ub. . My darling— my little child-wife I Le nore, uiy heart hus nuugerod for you so loug, and at last you are my own I" " Your own lurevur, Richmond." When spring camo tho wedding took place at Lyriditu ilall, ami Donald Gerhart gt:vu away the bride. A largo party went out with Sir Geoffroy anil the mumed pair ou their woddiug travels, aud auiuug thorn were Arthur Mur- luwu ami his wlfo Isabel and their iufaut sou, and fill' Harry Tresuaiu and his uowiy muue bride. Aud leaving thorn to pursue thuir pleasant journey, wa hid our kind readeis adieu. CONCLUDED. Tlie largest flower in tlio world grows in .Sumatra, it is called tho Rulllesia Arnoldi, and some oi the speeiniens ore each 39in. in -diameter. The central cup will hold six qiiarts of water. Tlie tax iiiado upon tliu country by military service cannot he called excessive. Out ol the entire papulation lower tha 11 1 in 1000 itrc enlisted annually, while mily about 5 in 1000 ol tbe papulation ol tlie United Kingdom aro ssrvme in thu liccnlar Army. Tlie iolding bicycle is u new invention, Might thousand million letters are estimated to go through the world's post-offices in unu yoar. A cannon-ball fired from one of tlio Krupp or Aiiiistrong guns travel ut the speed of 2,8S7 leet per second. A race wns a short timo sinco rowed at Deal between lour four-oared crews of boatmen /.-soli ol iviiom was over 80 years of age, Tlio winning crew averaged 70 years, while their coxswian was 85 years old, Tho wliola number oi doptora in Great Bri tain is 25,0311. 01 this ninnlwr 4,417 aro iu London, 11,775 on tho provincial list, 2.2011 in iicolland, 2,430 in Ireland, 1,717 reside abroad, and 2,483 aro 111 tlio Army and Navy, the Indian medical service und tlie mercantile marine. A piano in a linn-cago is tlin latest stage specialty. It lias been introduced by a fetnulu piunn-teuchcr, who first performed iu a lion. oagn in a menagerie at Dswsbiiry. Tlicexpari- ment is pronounced ti 'grand success.' 'J'lic jungly beasts are said to he appreciative, uml particularly partial to Ohopin's airs. His Collection.—' Who are nil these?' asked tlie visitor. 'Oh, that atbiiin?' said tlie lan guid young tntin. 'That is a collection of photograph of the only girls I ever loved.' Mrs, I'odsunp : ' Don't you bclicvu it's tino, lohii, ill. it a pueson partnnes to a considerable extent of tliu nature of tlio creatures lie eats V ' .Mr. i'odsunp; "No. I've been eating lisli all my lil-i, itnd I caii't swim a stroke.' Alberta: ' i do wish it wore nut the custom to Wear the engagement ring nn tile third linger of nun's ieit hand.' Aletlien : ' So do I, I can't get more than half my eugngoinout rings oil ut imii timo, now,' 'This is two bud,' exclaimed tho- Dublin tram conductor, when hu received thu seuoud had florin. He (just introduced): ' What a very ugly man tlmt gontlcmaii noar tho piano is, Mrs. I-Iobson,' Mrs. Hubson 1 ' Wliy, tiiat is Mr, liobsmi.' Ho (equal to tlio occasion) : ' Oh, indeed. Hiuv true it is, Mrs, Hnbsnii, tiiat the ugly men always get the prettiest wives,' . The announcement that Signer Mnscagni is writing 11 song (or a music hall artist is, says 1 Homo paper, somewhat oi 11 shook. Tliu ringer may boa very clever one, and X bolioVu iliu is, but still it certainly Imrdly seems the aurrect tiling for a writer of opera to cninpnsn .misic-hal) songs, although many of the Italian )pera conipniets wrote snugs that weru not worthy of performance at a music hall, Do cheap editions kill dearer editions? Not dways,, it seems. . Mr. Gnuse, writing to Mr. Stead 011 tho subject of "The Penny Posts," lays :— " I remember being told by iny friend Mr. Coventry I'ntinnru tiiat tlie issue of tlie Cussoll edition (Sid.) of 'The Angel in the House,' nf-. which an 'enormous number was mid, positively und ImmudiatoJy inoreased the dale of tlio 5s, edition)" ' 