Northam Notes. THE YORK. VOMJNTEEBS.—Our York correspondent, last week, wrote, " The lork Volunteers have decided not to go to the Easter encampment.'* Why this serious piece of news was not communicated to the Perth dailies is unaccountable. The York Volunteers decline togo to the encampment! Intelligence of this character would have thrown the capital icto a state of alarm, as the York contingent was universally regarded as the most warlike portion of the Volunteer Army. In the present critical state of affairs in Africa, added to the fact that Perth could be attacked by an enemy via the Swan Biver, some steps should beat ouce taken to fan. the enthusiasm of our Eastern warriors until it again yearns to let loose the dogs of war. The valor of thè Volunteers now under arms cannot be doubted, but to engage an enemy without the York contingent would be unpardonable rashness. Surely the York Volunteers are not going to show the white feather now that it is possible that they may be called upon—as the official poet has it— "to die for England Í" "Who would die for England ¥' Seemingly not the York Volunteers. Ghost of Patroclus, what craven genii have transformed the York warriors into the "Pensioners jof Peace?" HOT COALS FOB COOLGARDIE.—The * Bulletin,' which has resolved to show no mercy to Coolgardie, extracts with pleasure the following trenchant par. from the 'Coolgardie Review':—* Meu who are now rioting in luxury in London on money made out of Coolgardie frauds, ought to be rotting in gaol with white-fingered rascals like Jabez Balfour. Men who are piling up wealth in holy Adelaide, ought to be piling up stones in* Yatalá Stockade, and some whom we know in Perth, fattening on oyBters and champagne, ought, if they had their deserts, to be picking oakum in Fremantie.' Surely this very plain Bpecimen of Coolgardie English ought to satisfy eveu the ' Bulletin.' But there—envy is blind. GERMAN EXPEBTS.—The report of the German mining experts, Herr ScKmeisser and Dr. Vogelsang, on the Western Australian goldfields (' Daily News'), has been published in London, and is a highly favorable one; The experts assert that the richness of the Westralian fields compares favorably with that of the TransvaalL . . Very flattering; but it has to be remembered that before Jameson's raid, the Rand turned out 2,000 ozs. of gold monthly. How many thousand ozs., monthly, come from tlie Coolgardie mines ? HERJSDITY. — The 4 Morning Herald' of the 7th inst, in a leading article, lectures Governor Smith over his speech at the banquet on the occasion of His Excellency's visit to the Swan vineyards. As an afterluncheon deliverance, the Governor's was really not bad, and a reference to bold Robin Hood and ancient money-lenders was certainly much more agreeable than a dissertation ou the effects of sour wine or the ravages of phylloxera, but to presume that the Governor's deductions from the career of old Robin Hood, the hero of English fable, would have a corrupting influence on the masses ' larrikin,'' ex-convict' or otherwise is about as absurd as to suppose that Mrs. Partington's reflections would be regarded as philosophical dicta. Devoting a leader to gubernatorial small-talk is, decidedly, the' absytn of journalistic drivel. * Ruinous departments' must have lost their flavour. MR. MORAN.—Mr. Moran has unbosomed himself to the representative of the " Golden Age," and has given it as his opinion that Mayor McDonald contemplates standing as a member for Coolgardie, hence his desire to belittle Mr. Moran. But, seriously, why should not Mayor McDonald aspire to represent Coolgardie? This is a free country, and therefore scycophants and blatant patriots are equally at liberty to woo credulous voters. Mr. Moran inui>t be careful of the "yellow pups" ot politics or they will obstruct his entrance into Parliament, after the anticipated dissolution. POOB MR. TIMPERLEY.—Mr. Timperley, R.M. for Banbury, says the JFBKMANTLE TIMES is as remarkable for his thin skin as for Ms magisterial decisions, but we think he touched high-water mark when he could not sit still and hear Mr. Venn defend himself against his whilom chief, Sir John Forrest. Like Peter of old, Mr. Timperley went hurriedly out of the room and (let us hope) wept bitterley—for himself. CONSOLATION FOB. MB. SHOLL.—In a very interesting article on the " Telegraph Systems of the world" in the WINDSOR MAGAZINE we findthe following : " In the English post office a delay of two days in delivering a European message, and one of six for an extra-European, is not thought astonishing, aud the cost will not be refunded if the delay is less." Mr. Sholl can derive comfort from this extract. If six days in England is not deemed a long time to wait for a telegraphic message surely a fortnight cannot be considered very long in Western Australia! After reading this Magazine article we are inclined to think that Mr. Sholl and his telegraph department is not so far behind the electrical times in which we live. 