COUNTRY HEWS. COUNTRY LETTERS., __ ALUi«QA, JONB Umnp to rentovalB in connection wnp tna Education Department, we are losing our head teacher, Mr. W. J. George, who has had a. very successful career dining his sojourn here. - His examinations during the pSst three years have averaged 90jper cent. He has been appointed to Gepp's CtpBS, and left with his family this morning. ;'Mr. George and family were tendered a farewell social last evening,- which was: largely •attended. Mr. W. -J. lilaoker, M.P., occupied t^e chair, and referred to the high esteem in which Mr. ■ George and family were held by the residents, as well as by the parents and children; also to the valuable assistance rendered by him to the Wesleyan Church, Literary Sooiety, and the Institute. He" presented Mr. George with a book of painting and sculpture. Reference was alBo mado to the fact that at the last two school exhibitions held in Adelaide Aldinga hod secured first prize for wfiting, open to all schools whose average attendance was un'dor 100. Mr. George _ suitably _ re sponded. A programme consisting of singing, dancing, recitations, and games was success fully carried out. ATHELSTONE, June 26. An entertainment was given in the local Institute last evening hy a company of ladies and gentlemen from Teatroe Gully in aid Of funds for the Institute which is belfig built at Teatree Gully. Mr. Donaldson, President of the Athelstono Institute, presided over a,, fair attendance. _ The programme, which consisted of phoreses, songs, recitations, and a farce entitled "Joe's Ghost," Was concluded by a dance. BALAKLAVA, June 25. The annual public school concert was held in the Institute on Wednesday evening, Mr. N. W. Blako, J.P., presiding over a large attendance. A 'varied programme, consisting of - part-songs, action-songs, duets, solos, recitations, and dialogues, was well carried out. ' BIGGS FLAT, June 29. The examination of the Echunga School was conducted On Friday last by Inspector W. L. Neale. Over forty children wore, tested, and the high percentage of 88 was obtained. BOOLEROO WHIM, June 29. An old and much respected resident of the neighbourhood, Mr. J. Pressor, died on Friday night last after a long and painful illness. The deceased was seventy-eight years of ago, and was-among the earliest of the farmers who settled in the district. BRINKWORTH, June 23. Special services were conducted at Hart Hall on Sunday, June 21, and on Monday a tea meeting was held, followed by a lecture by the Rev. W.. R. Milne on "The Passion Play of Obcramergau," illustrated with limelight views. Mr. 1. Mitchell occupied tho_chair. VoteB of thanks were passed to the ladies who assisted, and to the Re v. W. R. Milne, and Messrs. Mitchell, Scott, G. Culles, Taylor, and Drennan. Tho proceeds were in aid of the hall, and amounted to £9. The building was erected some time ago by the residents for school and religious services at a very low cost so far as actual cash ib concerned, for all in terested lent a helping hand in carting material, &c.; The members for the district have informed us, in reply to a potition, that wo are not to get a water supply, the reason given being that, from enquiries made by the Conservator of Water, the residents are not prepared to guarantee interest on the outlay, and do not desire to be rated,, consequently tho Commis sioner regrets that ho is unable to comply with tho request. That the water is an absolute want was clearly shown to an officer from the Government department some three weeks ago, and many of tho residents arc indignant at the reply we have received. It is expected that a strong protest will soon be entered against it. It is stated that an amount is to be placed on the Estimates for the erection of a scnoolliouso and teacher's residence for Brinkworth. The latter is urgently required, as the teacher, a man with a family, has now to walk about three and a lmlf miles night and morning. BRINKWORTH, June 27. A Lodge under the jurisdiction of the G.U.O. Oddfellows was opened hero on Fridiw last by the Grand Master of the Order, Mr.- VV. H. Milford, assisted by the Grand Secretary, J. G. Osborn, and Past Secretary Brother W. H. Pennifold, The officers in stalled were N.G., W. A. Pennifold; R.S. to N.G., F. Ford; L.S., G. W. Stott; V.G., G. Webber; R. and L. Supporter to V.G., S. Thody and E. Kleeman; Warden, P. Holnes; Minute Secretary, J. Stott; Finance Secretary, • W. J.- Little; I. Guardian, E. Vial. The Lodge is to be known as the Loyal Brinkworth Lodge, No. 1570. After the busi ness the Grand Lodge officers were entertained at a social, when various toasts were honoured, interspersed with songs and recitations by Messrs. Vial, Ford, Pennifold, Osborn, W. J. Little, and T. Dunn. ■ BURR A, June 26. In May last the Rev. J. Y. Simpson started a club on undenominational lines at the Burra for young men. The trustees of the Wesleyali Church generously granted the use of two large vestries, which are lighted and open for the use of the members from Monday "to Fi Friday nights in each week. A gymnasium class is hold on Tuesday nights under the able direction of Mr. Winnall, and is_ largely at tended. A literary meeting is held on Wednesdays, and an attractive programme' arranged for the next three months. A good supply of ■ magazines and papers, chess, draughts, and other games are found on the table of the club. The membership is sixty-six, with the prospect of additions. On Wednesday, June 24, Dr. Brummitt gave a science talk under the auspices of the club in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall. His subject was the new photography. He gave an exceedingly able and interesting i lecture, admirably illustrated with diagrams and experiments and a large collection of photographs. The attendance was large. BUTE, June 27. On Wednesday, Juno 24,- a concert was held at Bute in aid of the cricket association.. Mr. Coltman's Harmonic Society, from Snow town, and Mr, W. A. Jones, our popular schoolmaster, rendered valuable assistance. Special interest was taken in a pianoforte duet given by little Miss Re hie Jones and Master Brewster Jones, which received an imperative encore. Master Brewster Jones played in a masterly manner a pleasing pianoforte march entitled "The Bute March," composed en tirely by himself. BUTE, June 27. Tho South Australian Farmers' Union held a meeting at Bute on Friday. Tho Directors explained tho working of the Union in reference to dealing with wheat, wool, and the general products of'the farm, and also dealt with the trouble in connection with Yongala Agency. A number of shares were taken up. A largely attended meeting of farmers was hold this evening to consider what action should lie taken to remedy the existing trouble in reference to being compelled to find sticks for loading stumps at Bute. It was pointed oiit that it ia impo3siblo to secure fitacks suit- , able lor the pwpabe^^dtkatiMf fitulflwledaii to do bo, -thefanners.wouldhavs toabandon ^ : carting, which meant a eerio^ lo^ toall oon- : CSrHSU; It Xmiftrnt■'^ ' tion the Commissioner trucks supplied with frames; the petition to . be sent through the member* for the'district* : CAEElETON. JtJWB <2&:y?'. ; A tennis match was played here oh Monday 5 between teams representing Hammond and Carrieton. The game proved very kecn4 and ' Hammond won by five games. TheGamotdiL. players were Dr. Bhanah&nr; Mr. MeGrlashan, ■" Mr. A.'Murch, and^Mr/ T. Sharp. ■ A Coursing Club, was formed here last . Saturday evening, and arrangements are being ; made for a match to take place early in July. COCKBURN, June 27. A mob of cattle numbering 241, from Norloy Station, Queensland, Owned by Mr. F. W« . Armitago, consigned _ to Elder, Smith, &-Co., Limited, Adelaide,"in charge of J; Eloyd, crossed the Border to-day en ¥outc to Manna- * hill, where they will be trucked. ~ EDEN VALLEY* Junk 29. The second annual concert of the Eden Valley Cricket Club was held in the school room on Friday evening, June 26. There was an excellent programme, and the audience was large ahd appreciative. A supper afterwards was well attended. Mr. B. Smith has had the necessary machinery fitted up for a complete butter factory. A trial was made on Saturday morn ing, and every thing worked very satisfactorily. The whole of the plant was supplied by the Australian Implement Company, and Mr, Smith expressed great satisfaction at the way the engineer did his work. FARR.ELL'3 FLAT, Junb 2J. The holiday passed off quietly, A shooting party visited Porter's Lagoon. Good sport was obtained. A petty theft was perpetrated on Monday night. A resident wlio had left clothes on the line overnight discovered in the morning that three good shirts had been removed. The culprit has not yet lieeu discovered. Several largo haystacks have been sold for the purpose of being cut into chaff to be shipped to the West. GILLEN, .Tunb 26. On Wednesday evening a farewell social was given to Mr. S. Carter, the schoolmaster,' who is leaving for the school at Bagot's Well: M© was presented with an address, thanking him for Ins services during the year that he has lioen here, and wishing him prosperity in t he future. Two villagors have left hero for Ramco. During the week half an inch of rain has fallen. HAHNDORF, Junb 25. Of all the ontertainments given here none is so sure to draw a good house as "those in which tho children of the township are the principal performers. Great credit is due to the Misses Winschiod for the way in which those entertainments are got up, and a bumpof house rewarded their efforts to-night. Tho entertainment, which was in aid of tho Build- ■ ing Fund of tho Institute, consisted of songs, recitations, tableaux, &c.; A vociferous oncoie was given to the youthful sousof Mars in "The Mulligan GuardB," and a similar compliment was paid to Misses Alice von Doussa and Minnie Byard for their song " I don't want to play in your yard." Another interesting item was the tableau "Three little maids," fol lowed by tho song "Three little maids from school" (by permission of Messrs.. Williamson and Musgrove.) Tlio second part of the per formance consisted of a cantata, "The White Garland." On the motioh pf the Chairman, Mr. Byard, a vote of t hanks'was a warded the ladies who had trained tho children. ■ HAWKER, Junk 24. The following officers havo been elector! for the next term in connection with the Northern Unity Tent, T.O.R., South Australian "Dis trict:—C. It., Brother C. Leidimann; D.R.,* "ister R. I'Jayor; P.C.R., Sister M. Jackson; Secretary, Brother N. G. Harris, P.C.l't. (re-elected); Treasurer, Brother W. J. Pyman (re-olecfced); Stewards, Brother A. Wardle : and Sister A. Burr; Levitos, Brother P. Nayda and Sister J. Treloar; Guardian, ' Brother F. McBeath ; Auditor, Brother J. It. Barrett, P.O.K. HOLDER, Junk 27. The various works set out by tbe expert an being vigorously prosecuted and promise well Crops are looking grand, and if the season continues as favourable as it. hps been up"to now the croakers will have to take a back seat. The settlers generally speaking are in good health. Sunday evening services have been resumed, and are conducted by Messrs, J. J, OdgOre and E. Crocker. They are well attended. -The Sunday-school also has been re-started with grat.fying results. HORSHAM (Victoria), June 29. The Agricultural Society have decided to - give prises for machinery, implements, and buggies at the forthcoming Show in Sep tember. The Society discontinued giving prizes four years ago, but since then the number of exhibitors have fallen off, and.it: is now thought they will be induced to again compete. At the regrading works on the Adelaide line • near Wail on Tuesday a man named Albert Boo they had bis left leg badly broken insfc ■ above the ankle, caused by a sudden fall pf earth. __ The Directors of the Minyip Butter Factory are satisfied with tho_price realized for butter sold in Adelaide, which enables them to givo a good price for milk and at the same timo make a profit for the Company. One supplier to the factory receives as much as £40 per month. Charles McQuillan, caretaker of the War took Storage, whilst handling a young bull had his right leg liroken by the animal rolling on ,him. He was admitted to the hospital. | McQuillan had onlv just recovered from a ' serious injury to his back caused by a falling beam. On Wednesday a large number of cyclists entered into competition for the silver badge presented by Mr. W. B. Lucas. The distance, was fifteen miles over a fairly good road, and was covered in fifty-two minutes (two minutes handicap) by U. Martin* . J. Bennett main tained the lead for the last six miles, closely pursued by Martin, who won the race in the last 100 yards. * INNAMINCKA, June 10. Cooper's Creek is falling fast, and nearly all the crossingSjare fordable. Three loads of Durham Downs wool passed hero last week" for Farina. Teams arrived on the 14th inst. from Farina, after being eight months on the journey on account of the terriblo state of the roads. Konowooa Station has been obliged to take up head-quarters at a waterholo on the back part of the run. Shearing is in full swing at A rrabury Statjon, and Haddon Downs and Cordillo Stations start next month. Mr. J. A. Banks, the Customs officer an Oontoo, has been transferred to lfuugcrford, and Mr, Tuck lias taken his place. . John Rouse, an old stockman in tins dis trict, died in the Port August* Hospital on tM 12th inst. . V Jtira$V. _ At the last~meeti^^rthe Jamestown ILiks**? Soc**^ p^T^1t. vA ,Ihg»6^^ ttimi^r roam of the Institute «m crpwdbd, and ' ih(M^tu^^«^lUtene3 to withagreatdeal jhf i^eMai^thie doctor explaining the stroc Jiurey -A&>'Oftbe eyeing veryolear,;Mid lucid -mium^ tDd by diagrams, ion., showing the ^htiatfheeitbe different tests., of theeyeaght. AfcHheolose the doctor answered a number of questions, and he was accorded a hearty vote ofthaaks. Several musical selections were also given. On Saturday last the " Knightsbridge Lacrosse Club met the Jamestown (jiubonthe tooalgrounds. Theground, taken altogether, wakinagoodstate loir play, and the result of the game vaa a winfor the Knightsbridge by 3 goals to 2 thrown by the local players. In the evening a social wee tendered to the 'visitors, when a pleasant couple of: hours was Spent in singing and toasting the visitors and tne losing team. On Monday the teams again met, When the lbcal.playera soored 5 gpals ..to the Knightsbridge 2. The Knights bridge, however, were playing with three ; substitutes oh the occasion. A large number "of Spectators witnessed the games, and evinced the utmost interest in the contest. In the evening a dance was tendeibdto the visitors in the Institute Hall, after which they took their departure for the city by the Broken Hill express. . KINGSTON, June 25. We have been having enjoyable weather during the past week, but during last night heavy rain fell. Oiir Stipendiary Magistrate, Mr. Swan, board several Court cases to-day. _ The ketches Arid and Cygnet called in here yesterday, and after discharging sailed for Beaohport. LITTLE DINGERA (Queensland); JONE 13. Several changes have taken place in the Customs Department. Mr. Tulk, who took Mr. Banks's place at Oontoo, near Inna mincka, on the South Australian border, has safely arrived at his destination, and Mr. D. Toon is awaiting the arrival of his successor. Dr. Herbert, who has recently inherited nearly a million pounds from a deceased relative in England, is going to hold a cham pagne supper, to be followed by a ball, at Tiboo burra on June 19. A large number of invita tions have been issued. Dr. Walpole, who has been engaged for the past four years as Surgeon at the Tibooburra Hospital, is about to sever his connection with that institution. It is strange that no move has been made to develop the gold mines at Wnrratta, near Mount Browne. That gold abounds there in payable quantities there is not the slightest doubt, but from the nature of the country it takes capital to extract it. Last week an accident befell Mr. J. Craw ford, who was.recently engaged by Mr. D. M0®1®!?01"/owner of Durham Downs Station at Cooper's Creek, to take charge of a mob of 1,200 store bullocks, which were to be travelled to Musselbrook, Victoria. Whilst he was ongaged in mustering the mob his horse rolled over with him, with the Tesult that his ieft arm was broken.. Arthur Drowitt, well known about the Farina district, South Australia, who lately left Durham Downs in charge of a mob of 1,200 store cattle for Farina, has died suddenly about fiftv miles from Thargomindah. It appears that Drewitt took hiB horse into a waterhole to give it a drink, and shortly afterwards he was seen to fall from the saddle, and he died almost instantaneously. Mr. J. Johnson will be starting in a few days with a mob of fat cattle from Nocatunga Station for Adelaide. The owners are the trustees of the late Mr. H. B. Hughes. Another mob left this station about three weeks ago for Bourke, New South Wales. Mr. R. O'Loughlin will be leaving Tenapera Station in about a week's time with a mob of store cattle for Bathurst, New South Wales, for Messrs. Gilmour & Kerr. > This district is badly in need of rain, aB the fall we had some two months > ago was not sufficient to start the grass. Several station owners are > anxiously awaiting rain to stock up again and make a fresh start. Our local > meteorologist, Mr. W. Bright, predicts another local fall within a few weeks. We had slight showers on the evenings of the 10th and 11th inst. at sundown, but nothing to speak of. However, it looks very much like rain at present. As mentioned in a previous letter, the police have been actively engaged in hunting up some horse thieves and forgers, and their offorts have proved very successful, as up to the time of writing no Igsb than four arrests have been made, all for forgery. The prisoners had obtained £460 through valueless cheques in this district. LAURA, June 24. A pigeon match was fired here on the holi day, visitors from all parts of the district com peting. The shooting throughout was very keen, Winlow, "Australia," "Melos," and W. Wilson dividing the first match. A sweepstake which was afterwards shot was won by Winlow. Tho. meeting was most successful, and as a result we hear that there is every prospect of a gun club being formed. LUCINDALE, Junk 25. On the publio holiday athletic sports were held. The weather was all that could be desired, and a very fair number of spectators turned out. Messrs. D. McLeod, D. MoArthur, and A. Prow, who formed the working committee, doserve great praise. Messrs. E. Hall and S. Foster acted as Judges and Messrs. D. James, R. Miles, and D. McArtbur as Handicappers, whilst Mr. O. Witt made an efficient starter. Results:— Maiden Race—A. McLeod, A. Prider; five started. Boys over Twelve—J. K. Foster (2 yds.), H. Tregenza (scr.); nine Btarted. Sheffield Handicap—J. 0'Cailaghan (13 yds.), J. Foster (15 yds.); ten started. Throwing Cricket-ball (eight entries)—D. James, W. H. Slater. Girls' Race—F. Foster, N. and M. Richmann (equal); eleven starters. Hurdle Race—J. McLachlan (10 yds.), C. Thredgold !9 yds.); five starters. Drop-kick Football six entries)—O. A. Witt. Sack Race (seven entries)—R. Harrip, K. Foster. Bovs' Boot Race (ten entries)—L. McLeod, S. Haggett. Consolation Race (four entries)—C£ Threagold (2 yds.), D. McArthur (scr.). Fortified, by the finusually fine weather we have had, and oohsidering the many contractors who are ready for more work, our Superintend ing Officer has posted up schedules for eight more contracts, starting from three miles south of Callendale and going southward along the drain route. The Agricultural Bnreau held its monthly meeting on Saturday afternoon, when a great deal of business relating to branch work was gone through. The most important item was a paper on "Fruit-tree Pruning, as best adapted to the district," read by Mr. ,B. Feuerbeerdt, wbo lias just completed a success ful course- at the Roseworthy Agricultural College. MAITLAND. June 23. The only amusement on the holiday was a football match between Maitland and Point Pearoe Station. It was played at Maitland and resulted in an easy win for the natives irith iffoals aad S beliiiida to niL Hu^ Branfiola, Newohurch, aud,McGrath ptaye 4^:iOT th8 Wuma^ and Sanders' $) and' Spender for the home team. M* : MAITLANJD, June 29. . The annual general meetingof subscribers: the Maitiand Institute was held at; the ListitufethiBevening, the President,Mr. J.O. Tiddy, J.P., presiding. ThoTreasurer'a report. showed receipts and expenditure about equal, viz., £60. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers. - The election of officers .resulted as followsPresident,' Mr. J. 13. Tiddy, J.P., Mayor: Vice-President, Mr. J. W. Shannon, M.P.; Secretary, Mr. John Tucker; Treasurer, Mr, T. Hiley; committee, Messrs. W. T. McGarthey. J, S. MoLeod, W. MillincH. T. Kerrin J. B. Ven ning, Rev. W. 8. Pernio, and Dr., Dicken son; and Auditors, Messrs, J. Tiddy and J. Millinoh. Miss G. Moloney, aged sixteen years, daughter of Mr. John Moloney, of thiB dis trict, passed away on Saturday. The de ceased, although young, had been a great sufferer, and much sympathy is felt for the ; parents and relatives in tneir sad bereavement. MINLATON. June 27. The monthly open night of the Mutual Im provement .Society was held on Friday, when there was a good - attendance. " Effective Voting" was. the subject taken up, and a practical illustration was^ given by Mr. .Higgins, who conducted an election on the Hare-Spenoe system. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Higgins for bis lecture. The Agricultural Bureau met this afternoon, when ^ Deep Cultivation" was under con sideration. MINT ABO, June 29. The half-yearly meeting of tho Mintaro Flagstone Quarry Company was held. on Saturday last. The retiring Director, Mr. G. McLeiflh, and the Auditors, Messrs. J. C. Hunt and E. G. Priest, were re-elected. A first dividend was declared of sixpence per share, and the Directors have hopes of a regular dividend for the future. The Com pany stands on a very good financial footing. During the past half-year a great quantity of flagstones have been used in Melbourne, and as a yard iB now being opened in Sydney hopes are entertained of an extensive business being carried on with that city. MOUNT GAMBIEE, Junk 24. On Monday evening Provincial Deputy Grand Master Bobm, of the Mount Gam bier Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., was pre sented by tho Lodge with a nicely framed pair of coloured emblems, suitably inscribed, in recognition of his services. The presenta tion was made by N.G. Dow. The management of Frew Park has been placed by the trustees in the bands of the improvement Committee, who liave under taken to reduce the present debt on the Park and improve it. Mr. C. Row Morgan, agent of tho A.M.P. Society here, has been compelled to ask for a month's leave of absence for the benefit of his health, which has been granted. He leaves on Saturday for Adelaide. The Imperial and Albert Football Clubs, connected with the Mount Gambier Associa tion, met for the first time this season on the Frew Park Oval on Wednesday last. Each club was well represented, and the match was well played ana exciting. The result was— Imperials, 5 goals 2 behinds; Alberts, 3 goals 9 bebinds. MOUNT GAMBIER, June 28. Yesterday forenoon a bazaar was opened by the Mayor, Mr. F. H. Daniel, in the Institute Hall in aid of the movement for the improve ment of Frew Park. There were six stalls in the main hall. The several stalls were elegantly designed and dressed, and were managed by the following ladiesFlower stall, Mrs. A. V. Lukey and Misses Burton, Allison, and Gardiner; cricket and football stall, Mrs. Congdon and Misses Jens, Yon Alpen, and Hayes; produce stall, Mrs, G. Lewis; confec tionery stall, Miss Simmons; Race and Hunt Clubs stall, Mrs. Clayton and Miss Gooch: Bicycle Club's Stall, Mrs. A. C. Haig ana Mrs. J. A. MacLeish; refreshment-room, Mrs. A. Lienau. Yesterday being cold and stormy the attendance was not so large as was hoped for, but a fair amount of business was done. Mr. A. C. Bird, trom the head ottice in Adelaide, has arrived hero to relieve Mr. C, R. Morgan, South - Eastern agent of the A.M.P., who has obtained a month's leave of absence for the benefit of his health. At a mooting of the W. MacGregor Benefit Fund Committee a few nights ago it was re ported that an entertainment recently given had yielded £21), and that £20 had been donated by the S.A.J.C. from the Disabled Jockeys' Fund. The committee will decide what to do with the money after the races this week. At the last meeting of the Town Council it was resolved that a special audit of the books of the Corporation should be held " to restore confidence." The Town Clerk, Mr. Shepherd son. was one of the auditors of the Mount Gambier Building Society, and Mr. J. N. Goymour, one of tne Corporation auditors, was the other auditor for the Society, hence the reason for the alleged want of confidence. The Town Clerk agreed very readily to the audit, and said he intended asking for it himself, having heard things said outside. There is a general feeling, however, that it is unnecessary to go to the expense of a special audit, and that an investigation by the Finance Com mittee would be sufficient. A special audit would cost £10 or £12. The Council will probably rescind the resolution. NHILL (Victoria), Junk 29. The price for wheat last week in Nhill was 4s. 4d. The market is quiet. At the half-yearly meeting of the Australian Natives' Association in the Nhill district the election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as followsPresident, Mr. J. W. Strang ward; Vice-President, Mr. A. Mcintosh; Treasurer. Mr. J. P. Murphy; Secretary, Mr. U. W. Pearson; Committee, Messrs. Nealey, Mason, Walker, Riley, and Phillips. The Nhill A. and P. Society is to reeive ono of the Brassey medals for competition among the dairy farmers. The annual meeting of the Nhill Pbilhar nfonic Society was held last week. There was a good attendance. The following officers were elected for the year:—President, Dr. E. Ryan; Vice-Presidents, Rev. Father Howell and Mr. J. R. Fry; Secretary, Mr. F. W. Bond; Treasurer, Mr. F. J. Sanders; Librarian, Mr. R. P. Beard; Auditor, Mr. J. McDonald; Conductor, Mr. J. McLcod (re- elected); Com mittee, Messrs. G. H. Bond, J. P. Ryan, R. M. Begg, James Brown, and J. McDonald. Mr. James Elsdon, of Kaniva, has invented anew share-blade, which is of malleable steel, and can be made to fit the foot of any share, being fastened on the foot with two small rivets. This should prove a great boon to farmers in this district. The Nhill footballers journeyed by a special train to Dimboola last Wednesday, and were defeated by 4 goals to I}. The return match will be played in Nhill shortly. It is the in tention of the local club to send a representa tive team to Horsham at no distant date. In a tennis match. Banks v. Club, at the West-End courts last week Messrs. Sanders and Homfray (Banks) defeated Mr. Strsng ward and Rev. F. Jolly (Club), 9—8. ' Thft ftllrt MeohanirelnsS^ when jtfreat interestwas -talc«n - itt v «be guiles. mR «. Miirohy 3$fs»tsd Mr. S- S^phsss, , 2r-d} Mr.St. Eloy D'Alton defeated Mr. John Murphy, 2—01 Mr. Charles Murphy and! Mr. John Bond, 1~L The lattorgame wm by far thebest contested duringthe evening. The . prizofor the winner of the tournament will be a handsome gold medal suitably inscribed. 7 NlLLINQHOO, June 23. AgenerelstorehBflb&enopenedbyMr.B.; Belh* '■>:■ -y"'" v--lr" A liquor permit has been granted toMr. 6. Howe. This is favourably looked upon by residents here, as it will tend to keep down slygrogselling. 1 - _ ■ Lamb-marking at Nillinghoo Station, was finiskedlastweek, thereturn—64$ per cent.— being remarkably good for such a dry season.. The Manager of Kerkeok's Treasure intends* to clean up the battery at the end of this week. The weather continues dry. OBrBOBOO, Juke 24. A successful concert was held in the. Insti tute Hall on Monday evening in aid of the funds. The programme was of a varied character, and the performers , acquitted them selves well. The net proceeds amounted to £16. OBBOROO, Juke 29. Vigorous efforts are being made to establish a butter factory here. It is intended to hold meetings in the different centres of the dis trict and canvass for the sale of shares. PETERSBURG, Junk 27. On Saturday a lad named Cherry, working for Mr. W. Hoithersay, machinist, was caught in one of the beltB and thrown violently to the ground. Part of his clothing was torn off, and the skin was stripped off his right forearm, but he escaped seriouB injury. POONINDIE, June 27. . Although £500 has been placed on the Esti mates and a site pegged out for a school at Poonindie, nothing has yet been done in the way of building, and forty or fifty children in the locality are growing up in ignorance. A temporary place could be obtained to teaoh in, and it is felt to be a disgrace to the Education Department that a teacher was not provided long ago. PORT GERMEIN, June 25. The celebration of the Queen's accession has not escaped noticed in this district. At Baroota and Port Germein on Sunday after noon and evening respectively the Rev. W. P. James preached on the subject. He briefly sketched the scenes attending the accession, proclamation, and coronation of the Queen, and indicated the devout spirit in which she began to reign. After speaking about the material and moral progress attending the reign he directed attention to the Heavenly King, the spiritual kingdom, the coronation of Christ, and His people. The congregation was specially good at Baroota, and at both places the people listened with marked attention throughout. Our Baroota friends had quite a gala day yesterday, the occasion being the opening of a public nail just built in the place of the wooden hall which was burnt down last year. The engagements consisted of a cricket match, Port Germein v. Baroota, which was won by ' ~ fol the former by 5 runs only. A public tea i lowed. The evening was occupied by a concert and a supper followed. The receipts are expected to reach £18. PORT VICTOR, June 24. Tho Commissioner of Railways, Mr. A. G. Pendleton, accompanied by Mr. J. T. Clough, Resident Engineor, and Mr. McNeill^ Traffic Superintendent, arrived here by special train yesterday. Several leading townspeople, in cluding the Chairman of the District Council, met the Commissioner, and pointed out that the extension of the platform to the north and the improvement of the approaches were-the most pressing needs at present. Mr. Pendle ton said there were three plans proposed at present, but he was unable to say which would be adopted. Two or three smaller matters were favourably considered. After thanking the Commissioner the deputation left, and tho party went over to Granite Island. The building trade is active now. Houses are going up in various partB of the townsliip. PORT VICTORIA, June 23. The Mutual Improvement Society continues to flourish and at every meeting fresh members are enrolled. On Friday night the Society had an "open night." Visitors arrived from tho neighbouring towns, and tho hall was well filled. A varied programme was gone through successfully. Mr. Charles Willing read an essay on "Smoking," which he characterized as a " very desirable bad habit." An animated discussion took place on the totalizator, which was not' concluded when time was called. REDHILL, June 23. On Monday evening a successful and largely attended concert was held. A well- arranged programme, including solos, duets, recita tions, violin duets with piano accompaniments, action choruses by the school children, and a comedy was well received. A coffee supper followed. RIVERTON, .Tune 23. A recreation and mutual improvement club has just been started here, and socials,, lec turettes, and papers will be given at intervals. It is hoped that ultimately a Model Parlia ment will be formed in connection with the club. The following are the officersPresi dent, Dr. Allwork; Vice-Presidents, Rev. M. Williams and Mr. J. 8. Gordon; Hon. Sec retary, Mr. H. A. Hussey; Executive Com mittee, the officers and Messrs. J. A. Kubale, A. Sinclair, F. W. Hall, and E. Kelly. The committee of the Riverton Institute has made several improvements for the benefit of the mombers. A series of cheap concerts has been arranged to be held during the coming winter months. H RIVERTON. June 24. Last Wednesday a team of junior foot ballers from Balaklava played a match with the local team, arid wore defeated by 3 goals to 0. A tennis match took place between players from Rivertonand Kapunda on the holiday, and resulted in a win for the visitors by 5 games, the totals being Riverton 70 'games, Kapunda 7.r>. Mesdames Williams and Shawyer provided afternoon tea. The Rev. W. H. Evans delivered his lecture on "Paddle Your Own Canoe" in the Wes leyan Church on Monday evening to an appre ciative audience, and last night, at Rhyme, he lectured on "Billy Bray" from personal expe riences. Last Wednesday Mr. Quinn, Inspector under the Vine, Fruit, and Vegetables Protec tion Act, visited this district at the instance of the local Branch Bureau. He inspected several orchards, and gave valuable informa tion as to pruning, planting, and the best means of dealing with pests and diseases. The orchards seemed to him to be very free from disease. He gave a leoture in the even ing to a small but appreciative audience. By the aid of drawings he explained the growth and action of fungi (internal and surface), and insects, scale, aphis, caterpillars, and codlin moth, and the best means of eradicating them. He impressed upon them, the necessity of scalding out cases and boxes received for fruit to prevent codlin moth from entering the dis trict. A vote of thanks was carried to Mr. Quinn for his instructive lecture-. Mr.John Jonee, head ieaoherof thePublic BoboeVis d^glrimafer^ vjHotmt W«wu»fc. He SiiM ikotod^ss: Seoifitary'of tlio Mutual ImBS^ioent flo^^ fw aevewti.; ; ydara ^tfimtiEhmwo^WMj?1* MmMtB. Jpw#> \- wrtw: • ^ TuBBda^iMt.iHjmtBhDrtMdrei^Trewjnftftde bythe-E Hole and 0/ Improvement Society ahd Sonool, Board of Adriee/Mi". Jonefl- responded to the good things said' shout him. Light ' refreshments were, provided, and games wore indulged in during the evening, interspersed with musio. Yesterday Mr. Jones was the recipient of a siiyer mkatand and serviette ring as a pre sentation from his scholars. Mr. 0. Green, Chairman of the School Board, made the pre sentation, and Messrs. W. H. Hall and Joseph Turner, members of the Board, were also pre sent. Mr. Jones thanked the children for the presents." The Land Board met here on Wednesday to allot five sections of land in the Hundreds of Barunga and Cameron. There were no less than 130 applicants. The following were the allotments madeHundred of Barunga—Seo tion 175, 269 acres, James Saint; Section 176, 315 acres, G. Oakey; Section 177, 276 acres, P. King. Hundred of Cameron—Section 506, 403 acres, R. & W. Wyatt; Section 507, 92 acres, C. Brockman. STIRLING EAST, Junk 29. On Saturday morning at the Halfway House a mau named Headen leapod over the bar and stole a pound-note. He appeared before^ Dr. McLachian and Mr. R. K. Spottis wood in the afternoon and was sentenced to two months' hard labour. The Rev. J. Raymont, of.Willunga, has been conducting missionary meetings in the Bible Christian Churches at Stirling East, Bridge water, Piccadilly, and Forest-road. TRURO, June 27. The funeral of the late Mr. John Scott, of Barton, took place on June 24, and the pro cession, whioh comprised forty-one vehicles, was the largest ever seen hero. The remains wore interred in the Truro Cemetery, and the Rev. W. H. Newbold conducted the burial service, a portion of which was held at the deceased gentleman's residence. Mr. Scott was a resident of the neighbourhood for many years, and was widely known and much re spected for his sterling character. Many will gratefully remember his generous help in times of need. Although not taking any very active part in political and social matters, he was over ready, in a quiet unobtrusive way, to ho}p in any movement for the benefit of the neighbourno tood, and the local Institute owes its existence iu a great measure to his active exer tions^ He was a great enthusiast in tree planting and water conservation. He leaveB a widow and two Bons and four daughters. On the same day the remains of Mr. William Bayes, another of the pioneers of the district, were interred in the Truro Cemetery. The deceased was of a quiet and retiring disposition, and had gained the respect of a large number of friends, who followed him to his last resting place. Mr. Bayes, who was seventy-nine years old, had been ailing for some time. He passed away at the residence of his son-in-law, Mr. W. Flavel, of Kapunda, on June 23. He has left four daughters, all of whom are married. The Hon. J. Warren, M.L.C., gave a lecture on "Tropical Australia" in the Institute on Friday, Jung 26. The lecturer's remarks were illustrated by a number of lantern views. Mr. T. R. Davis, President of the Institute, occupied the chair. TWO WELLS, June 24. The holiday passed off very pleasantly. A tennis match, Two Wells versus Lower Light, was played on the Reserve, resulting in a victory for the visitors. The various sets, mixed doubles, ladies' doubles, gentlemen's doubles, and gentlemen's singles wero all secured by the visiting team. Afternoon tea was served on the grounds by the ladies, and in the evening a social was given in the Institute. Dancing, songs, and games wero indulged in till midnight. TUMBY, June 28. Mr. J. Swann, Home Missionary, visited this district from Port Lincoln on Sunday, and preached at the different chapels. On Monday evening in tho Lipson Chapel he gave a lecture on "HomeMission^Work," and exhi bited a series of dissolving views of Scriptural incidents. He repeated the lecture at Turnby Chapel on Tuesday evening, and also at Malice Vale on Wednesday. Proceeds of the lectures go towards the Homo Mission Fund and for the purchase of a circuit horse. URAIDLA, June 25. The Uraidla and Summertown Branch of the Australasian National League held its second meeting this evening in the Summer town Institute. Mr. A. Douglas, J.P., pre sided. Mr. R. Hogarth gave an interesting address on the constitution and principles of the League. A vote of thanks was heartily given to Mr. Hogarth. Mr. Douglas vacated the chair, and Mr. Hogarth was voted Chair man for the election of the officers. The following were elected:—Chairman, Mr. A. Douglas, J. P.; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. James Phillips; and Committee, Messrs. J. F. Vince, S. E. Willsmore, Walter Elborough, Henry Sutton, William Kessell, and F. C. Stephens. The meetings are to be held fort nightly. It was resolved that lady voters on the electoral roll for Onkaparinga be allowed become members. Twenty-thre to become members. Twenty-three members are on the roll, and more are expected to join at the next meeting. The more people under stand the League and its workings the more they agree that it is liberal. Mr. Hogarth, in answer to questions, said he thought tnat after the result shown by the referendum the League would drop the education question. The members of this branch are nearly all in favour of free education. URANIA, Juxf. 2G. Mr. O'Brien, representative of the " Sheep dip Company," has conferred with the far mers in the Jocal hall. A "dip" is to be con structed at once. The Mutual Improvement Society held its ' opening meeting on the 24th for the purpose of electing officers. A ballot was taken with the following result::—President, Mr. Carlaw (third year); Vice-President, Mr. F. Green slade; Secretary, Mr. Francis (third year); Treasurer, Mr. G. Grecnslade; Assistant Secretary, Miss Edie Greenslade. WARD'S HILL, June23. Th" first cricket match of the newly formed Cricketing Association was played on Satur day last between the Coastal Warriors and Boundary Clubs, on the ground of the latter. The visitors batted first, and closed their innings with 9 wickets down for ICG. The local team made 65, and the visitors won by 101 runs. For the winners D. Adams scored 35, I. Edwards 32 not out, W. Schultz 26, II. Edwards 17 not out, J. Hayes JO, and W. Rodda 13; and for the Boundary Club W. C. Cooper 27 and C. Donaldson 22 were the only batsmen who reached double figures. For the Coastal Warriors W. Rodda took 3 wickets for 17 and W. Schultz 2 for 1. J. Ingram 3 for 50, J. Wetstone 2 for 24, nnd A. J. Cooper 2 for 37 did the bowling for the home team. WIIXtJSrGA,^1"^34' A football matohwaaidayod between the West^AdeWdes *flA Wmuti^^Clu]^ on the scoredS gotis '7 behind* to2goals8behinds. It WM an eveidy oonteeted matoh, and was witnessed bya large number of people. ^The oa&tata;, "Curly Hair and the Throe Bean" was rendered on Monday evening in the Oddfellows' Hall in aid of the Mechanic^ Institute. There was a large attendance, and the performance was well received, A vote of thanlcs was tendered to Miss Hardy and those who assistcdher in arranging the cantata, j WILSON, Junk 24. ! , On the holiday most of the residents at* ' tended a pionic at Black Jack. _ On Thursday last some tennis players from Hawker paid us a visit and got badly beaten. A brilliant meteor was visible for a few seconds at about 7.45 on Friday evening, It lit up the whole place with a bright light. W0L9ELEY, June 29. Messrs. G. Steer and W. Hanson have been re-elected Councillors for Wolseley _ Ward. They have both given general satisfaction. A concert held on Thursday night last in aid of the cricket club was only a partial suoooas, counter-attractions during the week inter fering with the attendance. 