A LAST CHANGS. » THAT respectable and hoary relic of antiquity, the Fremantle Chamber, of Commerce, has awakened from its usual state of somnolence for the purpose of grinding the Fremantle axe in the matter of the Menzies Railway. At a meetingof that body held on Tuesday, over which the inevitable Bateman presided, " attention was drawn " (says our telegram) "to the necessity of speedy action in connection with the movement for requesting the Government to keep to the promise made by the Premier that the queetidh of the rival railway routes to Menzies should be submitted to a select committee of both Houses of Parliament. The secretary reported that he had that morning telegraphed to the various bodies interested in the starting of the line from Southern Cross, asking them to request their representatives in the Legislative Assembly to support an amendment to refer the matter to a select committee. Messrs. Kidson, Higham, Solomon, and others expressed themselves strongly m favor of the lino being started from Southern Cross, and of the question being thrashed out by the committee. A telegram from Menzies was also read by the chairman, showing that the merchants and others in that town supported a route from Southern Cross. Mr. Kidson moved that the secretary should write to the various bodies to which he had telegraphed, asking them to request their Parliamentary representatives to support tbe amendment which would be introduced into the House re the question of the Menzies railway. This was seconded by Mr. Alexander, and carried. 1 ' This action, as above delineated, is part and parcel of the movement for making ali roads lead to Fremantle—or its win sister and accomplice Perth which appears to be the cenral plank of the clique whose arrow-minded and selfish counsels are llowed to influence the Government, nd of which the blasting effects have lready been felt in more than one porion of the colony ; and although in this nstance unlikely to be successful, eeing that the Government has ublicly set its course in favor f Kalgoorlie, there is a hint to be rawn from the Fremantle agitation, hich should be accepted with promptiude by the Coolgardians. That hint ay be embodied in the words, " When hieves fall out honest men come to heir rights." If the rival Kalgoorl'e nd Fremantle parties in the House foul of one another there is ust a possibility that the few friends of Coolgardie who write the magic letters M.P. after their names may be enabled to make their voices heard in the House to some effect. At any rate the unexpected evidences of vitality in the Southern Cross movement should serve to convince us that there is no need to give up the ghost, even at this—the eleventh hour of the day, and that the battle, though it has gone hard sgainst us, is not yet over. Yesterday we published extracts from leading articles in the Menzies papers, which expressed plainly the bitter disappointment experienced there when the decision of the Government in favour of Kalgoorlie became known, and indicated that a railway to suit the interests of Menzies should start from Coolgardie. This attitude of the local papers, together with information received of a private nature, scatters to the four winds of Heaven the assertion made at the Chamber of Commerce meeting in Fremantle, that a large proportion of the Menzies people were in favour of the Southern Cross route. In favouring Coolgardie the Menzies people are by no means pursuing an isolated line of policy, for eveiy centre from Broad Arrow to Menzies has expressed its strong disapproval of the decision of the Cabinet. A meeting of the Coolgardie Railway League will, be held this evening for the purpose of discussing the situation, and it is to be hoped that the new phase of the question, brought about by the incursion of the Fremantle party into the domain of practical politics, will be kept prominently in view. 