[?] : HAAireinBE; onoo the only oriok ottag oouiity , in Englnnd, was lOth on tho list last year.' ' - So muoli for tho uneortainty of oriokot. , TiizSouth Australian . uboriiriuos evldntiHo ' v- ( think well of tho now Governor, Sir T. F. ' v Buxton, especially thoso who camo in contact ' : : with him on his recout northern trip. . Hebe is tho native aontinient: "Bony. . .- /..'.M' .? goot Gubncr. That ono plonty tuck out, tea V : ; -2 undbucca." The compulsory early closing struggle is i'.-< being waged in 8outh Australia, and «everal"t-;''i|-"''' quostions aro being asked in conneotion'thore- : with. , Here ai-e two : " IVhat if compulsory early " . closing moans fewer holidays and a meat of other advantages ? Is not that which is good for tho shop assistant equally good ' ' for the olerk, tho barmaid, tho chemist, the -?Vi-v ..(> . dootor, tho journalist, nnd even the poli-t;r tioiun ?" Quoth a now nrrival in Adolaido "Call' this a treo country ? I am beginning to feel that I shall soon be enclosed within a barbed '. -?3 "wire fence, with my bands tied." ''.v. ' -v.'v&S; ; Herb is an Adeluido paper's description of ' OlomHill, tho cricketer: "Clem Hill is as fresh nnd unspoiled as a lily on its stalk. You cannot oxoitohim or puff him up. Ho puts on no sido. Nobody could bo freor from ; self-consciousness." Very good ; but wait until he returns from England. Judoe Forbes has como to jndgmoht. Ho says thut the publio schools breed mora im morality than any other places do , and because of tho mixture of tho sexes. Deab me ; is this tho oobo at the university, whore young men und inaidous sit in the sumo - ' 11 class-room ? Dn. Points hereby announces to tho world that tho Scottish copyright in the poet Burns expired at tho centenary of his death. O, vez! O, yez ! Those Hupper 'Onse mombers appear not to like payment for tho other follows. In all English-speaking countries yosterday there wus spent, what has become a thing to wards wliioh tlio Scotchman's hourt yoarnH— " A nicht wi' Burns." Bbisdane flooked literally to the Conten- nial Hall to do honour to tlio memory of tlio great poet, and for tho occasion some of our best speakers goodn-uturedly undertook. to handle tho poot in his own 'tongue. There was a playful look on tho counten ances of sevoral of tho more pronounced Caledonians whon the broader passages were on — A direct indication, of course, that tha orators wore speaking good komoly honest Scotch. The music was also nggressivciy Scotch. The "boys," to whom a comio song is a thing of beauty, and a joy for over, neurly went into fita over the escapades of "Wee Juukydaidles." They woro doubled up by tho intense humour of " Hnrly, hurl' Hawkio." But stiffened up again all right when brought face to faeo with a "burnio dimpling in a wocl wi' bickerin' dancin' dazzle, whiles coogiting underneath hazels and braes, un seen at nicht." A trustworthy Scotohmnn lold tho Doctor that that wus precisely tho way tho burnio curried on, so thut u lieuvy. load "of doubt hns boon lifted. In a word it was a great nicht, and Secre tary Wood may olaim a largo shnro of the credit attaching to tho ncousion. Sarah Bernhardt, who at GO lunks like a womuu of 40, attributes tlio preservation of hor youthful charms to tho fact tlmt sho hns alwnys_ nbstuinod from wino and from alcoholic contrivances of any sort. The Now South Wales pictures in tho ark exhibition greatly surpass tho hulk of the work of local artists in thoir technique. A benefit is being organised iu Sydney for Mr. Lnciihtn M'Uowan, un actor wlio has been 45 years on tho Australian stago. The monumontal Local Government Com mittee, after extended labour, has brought forth a mouso with itu valuation leg un developed.' A New South Wales football team is 'on route to Rookhumpton hy tho steamer Ranelngh. Yesterday's debate in the Legislative Assembly wus romarkuhlo for its dulness. Tiif, discussion at ono part of tlio debate turned mainly ou tlio quostion wliotlier the Government had a ghost under a olouk or not. TiiBsoorot voting of tho hnllnt-box, so valued on somo occasions, wns greatly loured by some of tlioso who most vuluo it. Circumstances alter oases, you boo. There is a prophet in tlio midst of tlio labour purty. He says ho knows that, no oleotlon of dele gates to tlio Federal convention will ovor take placo. So it does not mnttor, ho assuriugly re marks to liis friends. Mn. M 'Donald, M.L.A., sinco last session has boon assiduously studying tlio standing orders of tlio House. He lias slopt on tlmm, dreamt on tlioni, and digested thorn ; but it is not truo that he is going to bring out u work, "M'Donaldou Standing Orders." Ant way, the lion, member for Flinders is ready and anxious to do battle with anyone on tho standing orders. The Chnirman of Committees of tlia Assembly will liavo to read up Ills guiding text book, if ho'is to hold liis own iu a battle on procedure with tho hou. mombor. Mr. Frank Thornton, tlio well-known comedian, will re-visit Australia about the end of this year with a now company. The paradox of tho prevailing weather is that good raina havo boon succeeded by n fierce westerly wind, which, liko a- dry sponge, mops up the moisture from the face of tha country. Further ovidonco of tlio aotivity of mining in Victoria is furnished in the fuot that tho total number of leases applied for during tlio half year ending Juno 30, was 1,028, us against 855 for tho proeodiug six months. To-mourow has boon uroolaimed a publia / holiday at Bunduborg, being the day ap- V pointed fur holding sports by tho loonl branch of tho Lnaguo of Queensland Whoolinon. Tnn promoters of tho Burns commemora tion lust night folt into a singular blunder in tho printing of thoir programmes. Doubtless . thoy intended to placo in one corner tlio Scottish lion rampant with tlio national motto, " Nemo mo impuno lacessit." What shall be done to the wily printei. .- who substituted for it a Belgian iion, wltlr tho Bolgiun motto, " L' union fait la force"? Now that tho looul government commission folk have sent in thoir report nnd received thoir clicquoB thoy muy rest and ho contented But is it likely that the fate of that report will bo different from tlio fate of reports of other Royal Commissions ? Ask whore thur aro. 