OH HE WHEEL, Lord and Lady Brkssoy are on a cycling tour iu Tasmania which will occupy nine days — bar accidents. It is the intention of the Victorian Governor and her Ladyship to come on to Sydney, where another cycling tair will be arranged. A woman requires a deal of nerve to ride her hike through the streets of Sydney. Still, it is good norve out of place when 6he doeB do so. It is thought that in ca3e of war the cycle as a military aid will he conspicuously proved in the Transvaal, where mounted in fantry are the most useful troops. _ A Brooklyn man has invented a leather tire for bicycle wheels, which, it is claimed, will revolutionise tbe article, as it iu a wonderful improvement over the rubber^ pneumatic. According to the inventor, the new tire is made from the best Eole leather, will stand twenty pounds, to the inch more pressure than the present rnbber tire, and can be made as hard as desired. Its further advantages ere that it cannot be punctured, will not slip in muddy weather and will outwear the old style. After being finished it is put through a process which renders it waterproof. The sulky manufac turers are after it. There are over 100 weekly papers devoted to cycling ia the United States. A funny young man at Delhi (N.Y.) arrayed himself in ghostly garb, and strid ing solemnly on stiits, stopped female bicyclists in a lonely road. Three of them ran away, but the fourth Miss Grace Holden, ?of Juxsey Olty, strhek the ghost violently in the side with a cobblestone, and he had to be carried home for repairs. The bicycle girl stood at 6t Peter's gate. With a perplexed look, and his keys shifted round to the back of his belt, the Keeper of the Doorway, venerable and tottering, bent towards her. ' 1 don't see how we oan manage it, madam,' he finally said. ' We have nothing on hand but the conventional robes cut Grecian style on the bias, and absolutely undivided.' ' 1 es,* she murmured, her hands falling helplessly against her bloomers ; ' 1 remember now. It always has been said, ' There Bhail bs no parting there.' ' And, with a bitter cry, she lighted her lamp and prepared to flee into outer darkness. The ' New York Journal ' says : 1 Zimmer man is himself again. Accordingto a cable gram from Australia which his father yester day received at Freehold. N.J., the ' 8 teeter ' last week won a scratch race at Adelaide, the distance being half-a-mile and the purse lOOOdol. It was for the championship of Bouth Australia. The cablegram also con tained the information that the event in which 'Zimmy' recently met defeat was a handicap, and that he started from scratch. A. W. Harris, the Kugiisn 'pro' recently arrived in the Antipodes, should not canse the American much trouble, as this rider was among the ' also rans ' in several races in which 'Zimmy' competed while in England. In his present expedition the Jersey man will miss the sensible advice of brother-in-law 'Joe ' M'Dermott, and Backus the ' Dark Secret,' also failed to reach Aus tralia, These two have been important factors in the other foreign trips, bnt it is not likely that Arthur Augustus wiil have very mach trouble with the present lot in the country of the kangaroo.' The Bicycle Fiend has now entered pulpit. A bicycle crank preacher in V... „a chussets claims to have had a vision of heaven, in which he saw the golden streets full of the blessed, riding on golden wheels. ' I missed my pedal ' is the new American phrase to describe a failure in any kind of enterprise. Of course the expression ori ginated from the present cycling mania. According to adviccB just received from California, it seems likeiy that Charley Murphy, thu Brooklyn boy,' will soon have an opportunity oi riding a mile straight away with locomotive pacing. Murphy is now out on the Pacific Coast with the other circuit chasers, and apparently some of the officials of the Southern Pacific Railroad have become interested, and the people of Southern California think that it would he a good .'ad 'for that part of tha country. Murpny is confident that he can follow the engine at the speed required to make a mile a minute. That such a speed ispoBsible has been proven by the numerous unpacod quarters this year in 25 seconds. If the plan goes through, Murphy will make three attempts, one on each Sunday for three weeks, Australia's champion cyclist, Parsons, before he took to the track, was a lift-uriver in a city emporium. His father is the care taker of a big Eiizabeth-street building. 