i T08BUK OF PROPHECY. There are only eight members of tbe Comet Cycling Club but they were out iu fuil force on that delicious May Sun day for tho run down to South shore, and pulling up. just before noon, .it Sandy Cove for a sandwich, a pipe and a rest, thev took possession of the piaz- za of one of the yet, unopened cottages on tlie beach. The day was fit for the gods, the skies blue, the sea as smiling as if it were midsummer, and the suulight on the sails of a large schooner standing stead ily across the hay ou a long track, the gentle washing of tlie water among the rocks on the shore, the light wind cool ing and grateful as it blew over heated brows, were all Influences which com bined with tlie fragrance of good Pcrri- <jug moved one to introspection and thence to confidence. The little group fell gradually into a silence that among so many women would have been as ominous as the hush preceding :i thunder-storm. Here it meant, first, a profouud animal con tent. and following on the heels of that .a long look into the future, after the mnuncr of their kind. for the medita tive man thinks about what is to coine as instinctively as the meditative wo man of what is past. Dick Whitney was the first m speak. Removing his meerschaum from his mouth— it was . a splendidly colored lion's head — and gazing fondly at its tawny richness, lie said: . "Our days are unmliercd, boys. We shall liave few more times like ibis." 41 Why not?" demanded Morris, from Ills perch on the piazza rail. "Because summer's coming." "What of that?" rose the chorus. They wore all listening now. "Girls!" said the sage darkly and sen- teutiously. and forthwith a gloom set tled on those happy souls— no, not on all. for little Louis, iu the corner, who had been softly whistling "The Sunshine of Paradise Alley" under hisbreath.tumed scarlet through his tan as if detected in a treacherous thought, and wondered if anybody noticed the tiuglc of pleasure that pervaded him at the mere mention of such delightful possibilities. J<ouis was nearly IS. and wax in . the hands of anything feminine, for at that ago. as some astute French philosopher —Balzac, isn't it?— observes "on n'alme pas uno feuimeJ tuais le sexe." hut the others were hardened veterans, primed with tlie bitter wisdom of experience, and Dick, the Nestor of the club, at SO had made for himself quite a ueat repu tation as a cynic. Bracing himself with a whiff of bis pipe, aud blowing out tlie smoke iu deli cate rings, lie pursued his remarks: "Last season was tlie first for years when a man had the ghost of a chance to escape from their clutches. They couldn't all ride wheels. JJtit tins sum mer they've got them. Lord bless you; yes. to a petticoat, and I can hear their assurance rising up over tlie land : 'Whither thou goest, I will go.' " "It's leap year, too," said a still, small voice, tinged with despondency. •'Fel lows. yon won't believe St but I have had three proposals already since Janu ary and — " a great burst of laughter -in terrupted Uio speaker, who paused and stared pensively at his golf stockings, imported at. untold expense and chas tely dnsigued in the blue aud green Sunderland plaid. An Adouis of middle class society, finely proportioned as a Greek athlete, and further endowed with close-cropped chestnut curls anfl sleepy eyos.be felt it would be unreason able to exnect even a new woman to contemplate audi charms unmoved aud put up good naturedly with ordinary adoration. These later aggressive at tentions bad been too much. . Why was this amusement at the turning of the worm? "Whjit's the joke?' he- asked, sulking. "You don't mean that," cried Louis in credulously. " It's gospel truth. Why, what If I, told you that M — . well I can't men tion any names, but if lonly hinted at a girl who has as good as asked ineito marry bet within a mouth, - nobody would believe me. and oue otyou would knock me down — if he could." "The beginning of the -ond.'f .A solemu note crept into Dlck's toue. 'Reg gie is right— there's no joke. about it. This is the sort of thing in store for every man-jack of us unless we' moke a determined stand. I tell you. 1 shall a presentiment that one and all of -us will be wooed and wed tins summer If we don't take measures for self-defence at ouce. Laugh away. It's true." "Cassandra in knickerbockers," smil ed Morris, whose remarks sometimes- had a surprising classical flavor. Dick- growled. "What is tbe better part of valor?' said he. . 44 Discretion !" resiwnded tbe literary member, briskly, a youth who had >won 'hat proud distinction by reporting ball games and yacht races, and now felt all the mental elation of a witty repartee. "Exactly." agreed Dick, "and where a woman Is concerned one can't be too valorous or too discreet. Tbe question is. are we ready to be sealed in .the bonds of matrimony or are we not?' 4fWe are not!" The reply was unani mous, coming from the much-proposed- to loudest of all ; from little Louis half heartedly. "The -noes have it," and Dick rose to his feet, a gallant figure In bis lionjf- snuus. A melancholy brown moustache effectively hid whatever expression mlcht steal into the lower part of Ms face and his eyes were by turns sbar quizzical and Hnffly as they lingered now on this lad. now on that. !llv' nA„ turning lovingly to the meerschaum, which he orten declared wos the only thing that stood by liimfaJthfully in life. He held it 1)15 1iaul3.rina his fin gers dosed upon it with sudden eneigy, as h-nning against a post lie stu.denlv tool; up the theme again iu a coiitintf iU.f-:,I,aamd.To;ator as Brutus is but, boys. I know of old. but liiis j ' , TJlvcS the court- nftcv up nil a bujjC , j t vrm j am tome there is ? ; „ . safe course to pursue.' JU«1 one S.1R cnu Not ,,,,11.- sure The on. . wns. ctoff !U1(1 how how uiiico of 'b- pitching the end Tibs nTc ga oi the sand. o1 lie- 1. 1st t1,_ enemy— re- ijie Dolljs aim vi-iint do you say? iliey will batn u. . au|j pan- HuK-h.ugh'.ng. 1 e in iest leKicographc t call. ... all(1 no, to , nights onnjonntoui v);e(,Un„ par_ straw ridi'S- lele o jei rnlT1_ lies or any of the iu»«- nionly l l felt dismal fnre- ror Lorn, turret m0,.e hodiugs that thc seeing himself m than he could maUc. - villain, he- no distant ia iat swcet. foolish cause bem- . 0)i,iug so much as vouth which dieads no -'puts" heing thought youu not be stuck in his tlr0?'®"tesu,c ventured' I uttered. In a timid piotc.l (to murmur : christian- to | -V.'ou.d it no. t e pubbub of love our enemies: amd Hie meetlng bis discomfiture broke They with most admbed wheelSi picked up ihemse back to town, making ready for the f M C\eauti£uL casting last glances at the VZVZ iTof thelituecove aUiicU-- wooded point ran ""Vd pretenilous: wlfere" raws of weh-keprbs th oses. Tnd a tall slight young woman in a. hi- cycung Vtt of covert cloth. Withoqual astonisiiment the new comers rerarued. fpe -aze till the girl, about whose good Sok: llie- club had insUntancously aereed to a man, gave a startled ex clamation of recognition, and Mr Rich ard Wliitnev. cynic and woman hater, hurried eagerly towards her -W'toa wave of colors dying his sunburnt face. XVhat followed was in pantomime to his comrades. Handshaking, a few broken and embarrassed aentences then he was presented, .to the old lady and gentleman, and the. conversation which began continued without any apparent end ln Mew, until the other young, gen tlemen left out in the cold fussed and fumed with Indignation and impatlenc throwing themselves down in the sand awaiting Lord High Mlghty's pleasure t0"That'swhatI call consistent;-grum- bled Morris, feeling an intense attraction towards the unknown charmer whos graceful. Ughtly-built figwre appear et its best advantage against the back tn'ound of sea arid sky. . -Luck for Dick that she : hasn tnotld me. He wouldn't be. in R U she had, observed Reggie, serenely. . , "Peacock!" pafae Jrpm the others, and Morris gave; him. a. kick a little too e- cided to be -playfuL, > "Can I help it?" said 'Adorns w lth re proach. "I- don't want, them to fall in love with me, but they always do. Us mlghU; awkward for a fellow some- 11 "S 'you suppose she is In love with Dick?" asked Louis. "How do welknow, chump? respon ded the literal member. .. "I should say she was. That's the way' they generally look at m0T fore they come to ?) . crisis. I wo who she is, : J' ,&11CK I have seen her somewhere.'' . . . "It is an ola triena di - been abroad- for years." he. began. . - "Poor chap!" sighed Reggie, too quieUy.: -Onef'those hoitBes belonESiio iher uncle and aufit .r,Th1asae for the day— came on toe%aln, «id aje Is going toarlde"t®& pn her whem. Still Ihat. uncomfprtajJle sJencc hs the lads scrambled up tod prepared to lead away their bicycles. — - " watt a minute!" stammered Dick. ."YouAyou had, befter go on without me. she doesn't know the road.:. Welt? ' , The club turned and looked at nlm as One man, and the captain became "con scious of asudden thtenEeonyy of atolam that lay at hls.'ieet:- ' « '» 'Wf huglit all eseort her/ Morris, . _ "Better not,'.1 said#eggie.sliakiiig his handsome head. ! "Tm fond of you, old fellow. and you wouldn't have a show it Bhe saw me." : , . . : A violent resentment heaH at this; he picked up his tall whteel r: 4- and tumed' awUy..,. Tlip'lovdy r. : bad-been wftchihg .him jftghfts, wondering ,yhy . ! .- seemed so strange,, . nerd his Joratmieettog ftBain,si#sv v v.- I shall have-to leadihiffl'on.v.wje thought, -oui ,r" -rr' = - still and 1 al whys t'toairy "film in the end. "Dlck.-'as hexiame-ap tovher , : s.-> V.whb.is thaUyttobterfafc-- the one In the greeh Ue.lk-; , Ings?,", :iiaE v\\.' . Twenty mlnutesrlatei: tbe Comet ,Cluh yiL-; had reacbeditbetop ofia-Jongand geijtle ascent, which, it ; was only a pleasure -to . climb, and there 'pausing for breath, glanced backward Instinctively along toe road they had just pgssed over. AtThe A :: foot-of the;hlU Sbey tow, tbe.fcaptotoha. tbe old friend wtoodpokedAipt adaypYW,' twenty, walking Blowly. and conversation. T- 'jtasereflbni ior, quoted Morris jljnaBgr.a: toe' afeHsl'to'q4S(to wmto borri¥,J6rf ! ihfe ' wlrid couple, pick bit bt8, f - Tfley are, l)i8df!te'3Xy paid sprtly,' ' f ,yuu,bav:eVgQt:me,So,y,jl',5w'--?%SWs|S i But little Douls thl lng at hts side his heart, hut the beloved wbteb the evnic had, left behind: toigotp:, saESgj : ten on toe beach.1 —Boston Herald. V : 