THE STORYTELLER. THE QUEEN OF THE r . v SOTTTH; r;V -.-'?/ - CHAPTER XXXir. , ?_ l '- The reador may conjecture in what state \ .* -'_ 'of exhaustion and terror Augustus Pophly . ? \ rregained the house at Charlton. ~ He ran all the way; but lost his road ?half-a-dozen times, and regained it as often ?smerely by chance. The cry of murder ►continued to resound in his ears in super natural accents. A fiend, with livid visage \- - t-nnd streaming meteor hair, seemed to ipursue him on the wind, yelling the dread 1ful word into hia brain. He might be considered as ono bereft of Ihis senses for awhile. Without weighing '?what effect his disordered appearance would ' - produce, he rushed into the parlor where the family were assembled. Caroline Sidney lay, to. all outward ob servation, insensible on a sofa ; but Julia, who held her by the hand and frequently pressed her kind and sisterly lips to her lot and throbbing brow, perceived but top -well even such relief was denied to the rmaiden's agony. Mrs. Pophly safe quite calmly on a \ 'tambour frame, amusing herself with an N. intricate lafle-work pattern which she pro duced with spider-like ekiil and rapidity from the materials in the basket beside her. Her mind was perhaps on some other subject, but the mechanical ingenuity of her fingers never failed her for a moment. ' So proud and high- spirited a girl !— will she continue to doat on a convicted felon ? So-good and tender a soul ; will, she not speedily grow to detest the mur^ derer of on old and helpless man1?' Not that Mrs. Pophly did in the depths ?of her heart really and truly believe Frederick was guilty of the atrocious deed. . '' - Her own suspicions, as well as those of ?several other persons — among them es pecially of John Purday — pointed at Patrick Eourke. But in the exceeding injustice of her selfish and engrossing nature, Mrs. Pophly ^ hoped that so much suspicion and odium might, by dexterous management, be fastened upon Frederick, as to dissipate all future danger of his pretensions to her ?-' niece's band. No doubt she tried even to \- . persuade herself that she was justified in '- ~ ' the nsa of almost any means to preserve her ward from the design of a person in so t , inferior a condition in life ; and that she /had a right to look after her son's interests ?.at whatever damage to those of other ^people. The Rev. Theodosiua, satisfied with his iday^s work at church, and aware that he should have a good deal of fatigue next day at the inquest, was asleep in an arm chair near the window with an open Bible on a mding-desk before him. John Purday very seldom joined these ? family reunions at Charlton House, but on this occasion he was there. He gave out that he was waiting- the re \- torn of Augnstus, gone, as he was iu forined, to the village for any intelligence that might havo arrived since he was him self in it, an hour or two previously. The worthy man was in reality so pained at the — sfght of his ward's absorption of misery that he stayed in the hope his presence .?might afford her some comfort. Indeed she several times weepingly aasured him it did, clinging, with his 'rough, honest hand to Jier heart, that he might feel how violently it palpitated. It was a comfort indeed to hear him every ' now and then in his sedate, resolute tones proclaim his conviction of Frederick's in nocence. The authority of this good and firm minded man had even reconciled Caroline to the certainty which *he now felt that Prederiok would be now taken by the con stables sent in search of him. Unless he was guilty why should he conceal him self? And he was innocent, he was inno cent! He would be brought back — he would come back himself voluntarily the moment he heard of the charge against him, and clear himself of even the shadow of suspicion. And then, oh then, thought poor Caro line, I will even become a suppliant to him myself to do right to this unhappy creature whom he has betrayed and de serted. She has a mightier claim upon him than I can pretend to ; she is about to ^become the mothor of his child. .Mary Rourke's condition was no longer -& seoret. It was the village talk an an in teresting episode in the general villainy of -$ho young tWRsain's oQadug*. How the report became so suddenly universal no one could exactly tell. But it is almost always the case. The popular imagination immediately monsters every object seen through its medium. A man's one offence falls as a mustard seed on the soil, and springs up in fifty heads. The wild entrance of Augustus startled the whole company as if a bomb bad sud denly descended through the roof. The Reverend Theodosius knocked his read ing-desk over and arose in a panic, bs if he imagined the burglars at the mill had turned their attack on Jhe mansion. Cnro line sprang up with a shriek. Mrs. Pophly dropped her tambour work, and iriemediably entangled the bobbins. John Purday clutched his heavy-tnobbed walk ing-stick, and also seemed to expect some onslaught. Augustus flew to the side-board and poured out almost a goblet of brandy, which he swallowed up as if it had been so much water. ' What is the matter, Augustus— my dearest boy, what is the matter?' ex claimed the alarmed mother. 'Is he taken? Has he come baok? For the love of heaven, speak ! Is Frede rick taken ?' shrieked Miss Sidney. ' Yes ! No! Don't touch me mother, I am going mad, I do think. Ob, such a horrible voice !' ?'« Has he seen poor old Brice's ghost ?' said John Purday, contemptuously, and re laxing his grasp of his stick. 'I have seen— I have heard — a most dreadful thing,' said Augustus, wildly. ' Is Frederick a prisoner ?' was Caro line's despairing reiteration. ? ' My dearest Jove, be calm,' said her aunt; 'Mr. Purday must have convinced you it is the best thing that could happen for him ; and if the proofs of his guilt are overwhelming we may yet perhaps, in consideration of his youvu— — ' ' Oh, mother, do you think they would spare him for that V said Augustus, with \\\ ghastly depression., ' With our interest, my dear boy, which we might exert in his favor ? :' ' Nonsense, madam, you know very well they don't care for interest in such cases as these; and for my part, if Frede rick oould be capable of such a cruel, cowardly deed, 1 wouldn't arise my little finger Jo save him,' said Purday vehe mently. ' But he haBn't done it, I know he hasn't done it — and so it will appear some day when the truth comes to light, aB come it will, as surely as the day oi judgment.' ' I think it very extraordinary and absurd, Mr. Purdav, your taking such a warm part with this person. Wuat is he to you? Is he your son1? You really couldn't take more» interest in him if he was, and indeed they do say ? Excuse me, Mr* Pr.rday, but people will begin to form their suspicions if you go on at so ridiculous a rate.' ' People may form just what suspicions they please, madam. If the young man had been my son I should only have been too proud to acknowledge him,' retorted John, quite unmovnd. He was accus tomed to the malicious woman's style of insinuation. ' But what is this you have seen or heard, Augustus?' said the reverend gentleman, eyeing his son in surprise. Augustus had now somewhat rallied under the cheerful influence of the brandy, and ha perceived the necessity of being more cautious in his statements. . ' It is only a foolish joke of mine. 1 have neither seen nor heard anything par ticular. Ha, ha, look how frightened Julia and Caroline look,' he said, rather hysterically. 'Then I must say you deserve what you won't get, I'm afraid, for your joke, Master Augustus,' said honest John, with angrv vehemence. ' Do you think so, sir ?—a8 if our spirits did not need a little relief of some sort or another,' responded M?a. Popbly. 'Really, Mr. Purdav, I (fon't pvo^nd quito to UP,* demand you. I can excuse old Mat Price, for the poor old fellow is in his dotage, no doubt. But jou- sir, cannot : pretend to any such excuse.' 'I don't,' said Purday, drily; 'bub what in heaven's name can possess you, Mrs. Poph'.y, that you make younelf judge and jury to condemn this unfortunate youth, without suffering anyone to speak a word in his defence ?' 'Mother, you really oughtn't to — to judge people so,' gasped Augustus. ' 'I'd have him hanged on the village green. And if no one else would do it, I declare, sooner than the fellow should go -cot free — — ' . y Don't, mother ; don't say such a horrid thing,' said the real criminal, arresting the outburst of rancorous feeling by putting his hand over his mother's lips. Oaroline looked at him with bewilder ment, but with something of thankfulness iq her expression. ' A lad of his uniform good character— I don't believe any of the lies against him— of his high principles, with the stamp of a gentleman in every feature,'' muttered Purday. 'Why, his very looks would acquit him, which is a good deal more than we can say of everyone's appearance, that nave as good a right to be suspected.' . And Purday's glance rested, probably without the significance that made the young as@a8Bin start, on Augustus. Fear roused in him all the defensive instincts possessed by man in common with, the inferior animals, supexadded to a very unusual degree of cunning even in thai; higher classification. ; ' I have been thinking so myself — often and often. How is that no suspicion seems to bave fallen on Patrick Rourke? ' A man of notoriously idle and dissolute habits* who might easily owe poor old Brice t grudge, for he had quarrelled with all. the respectable and well-conducted people aboufc themilL' / '- Caroline thanked him with an earneeS look. 'I have thought this also, and yet i have not dared to say it lest I should casi blame on an innocent man. Lest it' should he thought, because he is Mary Eourke'sc father — 0 Julia, dearest, what am I say ing? Don't let me speak. Don't; don't 1' And she Bunk almost fainting into her friend's arms. V ' I have had the very same notion and acted on it, too,' said John Pdrday, quietly. 'I have caused Rourke to be watched ever since the murder was discovered, by a. person I can place dependence on.' Augustus felt a deadly sickness at hia. heart. ' ' What is the matter, my son T Yoat look as if you were going to die,' said his observant mother. j 'Watched! You have, had him watched, Mr. Pur day? Has he not been | all day drinking in the village 1 I heard I so — at Jollie'e beerahop.' f 'That's what I expect to know very- I shortly,' said Caroline's guardian j I havo I ordered Peter Brin to bring me word as 1 soon as ever he has lodged him safely for 1 the night.' I No thrice-bleached linen could havo 1 eclipsed the pallor of Augustus's com- 1 plexion. | ' He waB not to lose sight of him for s 1 moment until then,' resumed Purday. i 'Then I am lost,' groaned Augustus^ 1 inwardly, ' and the voice we heard in thft I mill was no supernatural one, after all.' | Strange as it may appear, still this con- 1 viotion was some slight relief to the horror I of the guilty youth's thoughts. 1 Nor was he deserted by hia obacaoteiistis 1 artifice. ? | ' Well, then, since that is the ease — | unless you want to learn some very un* ft pleasant truths— I advise you not to queu- '; tion Brin on the subject,' Baid he. 'Mr. i Parday, I must confess the real reason of the consternation in which you muiot havo l -i observed I returned home. I suspected I Patrick, as I told you, myself, in a voty ; strong degree, and seeing him steal in th» ^ dark out of the village, I resolved to watch. ? whither he resorted. I thought I shonld ^ track him to a meeting with some accom- ;;' plioes, perhaps discover where the miBsing '/ notes are deposited, and thus be enabled completely to exonerate poor Frederick.' p ' Well, Augustus ; kind, dear Augustus* h you have discovered the guilty wretch ?'* - eaid Caroline, in tones the most endearing that had ever fallen from her lips to him. Augustus himself looked surprised, yet replied unshakonly. 'My poor cousin,, but you must know the truth tjooner or later. All of us here may bo trusted, wo would nono of as betray tho poor fellow | roy fathe? fa a magistrate but not an office^ ^dhofoHoo. £ hflcg Mho fcRQQ w{k-§ ., J^QurkVs footsteps, and tracked him till he ,. arrived at the old Black Mill, in Hay . ' ward's hop-maze. Acd there I saw him : joined by a person &knlkirjg; in the rain, ? who I instantly knew to bo Frederick Price.' _ ?'It isji false !' shrieked Caroline, almost falling again into the extended arms of her . friend. 'I shall never bring ifc in evidence againsb him, Caroline ; but so it was,' said Augustus, plaintively. ' Pray believe rae when I tell you that I have no wish in the world he should be discovered in his lurk ing place.' ' Whai happened else V said Purday, evidently struck, and painfully struck. '* They had a long conversation together tinder tho shadow of the mill, but what \- they said I was too far iff to hear. I thoaght they would not like to bo inter rupted, in fact, I was afraid for my lifa from that desperate ruffian, Patrick. I saw ' they were exchanging some little packages ; but what these were I don't know, nor ?which of them received, or which gave the articles. Then they seemed to fall out about something, and I heard a terrible row between, them, and they grappled with one another, and somebody called out murder, and I got so frightened that I ran home fcr. my very life.' There was a long pause, the whole company lookiag at one another in blank dismay, John Purday arose. 'I will never trust in mortal man ' again if this be true,' he muttered. ? ?' Good night, Caroline, my poor dear. — I inusf go and make inquiries.' 'You will not betray him — you will noS reveal his hiding place, dear sir whatever may be the result,' falteringly ejaculated Caroline. '' Perhaps the villains have already done justice on each other. Didn't you sty you heard-a cry of murder, and left them struggling, Gus3y ?' said the Reverend Theodosius, agape at the wonderful tale. ' So it S8emed to me — I may be mis taken— -for 1 was quite tewildered at the time, sir,' replied. the son. 'Mr.. Pophly, you are a magistrate,' ex ' claimed Mrs. Pophly, 'you ought to have this affair inquired into immediately, and ' the Black Mill searched.' . ' Now, mother, if you put my father on thut, you will only do a deal of mischief, and not the least, good,' said Augustus, with agitation. ' Let the poor d6vil have a chance for his life. Give him to-night only, sir, and issue your warrant to arrest Rourke to-morrow. I'll wager any sum ' he is the murderer in point oi fact — and there are 'far worse grounds of suspicion '' against him than the other.' Caroline extended her hand, arf, ?wrung' her cousin's faintly but es--,eBsi^\y in her own. He involuntary shrunk from the heart-broken pressure. The coir, pany at Ghwlton speedily after wards, separated, all feeling equally in capable of sustaining the conversation. Caroline tottered feebly to her chamber, supported in the kind embrace of her . cousin, who would not leave her, though she had spent the previous night also weeping and condoling with. her. The .Reverend Theodosius called for his slippers and bed candle, and immediately retired, that he might have some appearance of probability to support his favorite ruse when he dreaded a curtain lecture. He usually pretended to be 60 fast asleep when his wife came to bed that even her elo quence could not arouse and ke?p him .awake. Poor man, he has been knowii to snore lustily when he was as widely awake; in every respect, but having his eyes open .ns if. he ha'.! been reading the riot act in tua tumulc o! a popular disturbance. . Augustus was left alone with his mother. He was in a terrible state of mind. What he had stated to Purday was rather in. sheer, desperation than in the hope that his version of the conversation he now imagined Peier Brin must have O7erheard could finally stand good. He had no doubt Brin was concealed in the mill, and instead of the phantom miller it was he who had raised the outcry which separated himself and his confederate in such disorder. It i9 true their voices did not resemble, the ostler's being- u quiet, commonplace sort of utterance eno'ugh, and that which affrigb ted the pair was as harsh and wild as tb.3 .si. veil in of an eagle. Still he had the advan.'ago ot telling the etory first, and his only ehsEce was to stand to it firmly. Briii's known attachment to his master's adopted son could be- used \ to render his evidenco in favor of the yo uth suspicious. But it was now, of course, . sf moro uonse quenoe than ever that cornl \grative proofs should be so placed as to confirm those already brought against Frederick. If Patrick Rourke was arrested the means devised for effecting the object would be cut off, and a document probably found upon him that would implicate Augustus in a very dangerous manner. He guessed, nevertheless, that his mother, in her hatred of Frederick, and 'gnorance of the frue state of things, would set every wheel in motion to secure the former. In other words, that it was her intention to make her husband issue a warrant immediately and have Rourke arrested, and the Black Mill searched for the supposed concealed accomplice. He said so. ' But mother,' he added, with earnest entreaty, ' take my advice for once, don't you — and don't let any of us — have anything to do with bringing1 Frede rick to justice. Caroline will never for give anyone who has a share, however re mote, in it; and he is equally certain to come to the gallows without our stirring a finger. On the contrary, she will owe us gratitude and kindness for our forbearance. You saw how she thanked— and how generous she thought me — for she believes I am his rival — and so I am, mother, of course; but if you have anything to do with Fred's punishment she will hate you for ever, and me too, for being the cause of your dislike to him,' ?^ -Justus brought bis mother with some difficulty to take this view of the proper course to be pursued. She was a woman of considerable craft, as we have seen, but she was too much under the dominion of narrow passions and interests often to act on very far-seeing calculations. Had the warrant been issued that night it would not have been difficult to execute. Patrick Rourke returned as usual to the cottage in Brook, where, with his daughter Mary and the rest of the children, he occu pied two small but neat and cleanly rooms. Mr. Sidney had been careful to build his work-people comfortable cottages in the village, and the kind old couple who tenanted this one had borne as long as they possibly could with the bad hours and drunken habits of their lodger. Not for his sake, but for poor Mary's and the inno cent children's. But^the discovery of her lapse, and the overseer's discharge from the aill completed their disgust, aud on the following1 day Rourke knew that his children would be houseless. It' was late when he came in. The land land au'd his wife were gone to bed, after taking tho accustomed precaution of bolting their doors.. The recent act of violence had diffused a feeling of insecurity through out the village. Rourke was obliged to throw gravel repeatedly at his own lattice window before Mary heard him, ;&nd; came to let him in. Sha had lain down with the children — alas, poor girl ; but not to sleep. Her eyes were swollen and purple with weeping, and she looked like the ghosb of herself by the light of tho horn-lantern she carried, when she let her father in. 'Mary; said Rourke, in a hoarse voicfi ; ' don't go back to the children for a minute or two, you'll havo to leave them for a whii'o, indeed, before to-morrow's li°ht Coji o in, and I'll tell you all about it.' ; Mary, pat sive with dejection and con sciousness of disgrace, followed her father into the pa'flo r, where ho usually slept in a turn-up bedjji ead. Slid wapv startled, nevertheless, by his wild and haggard looks when the light fell upon him as ho sat down in the parlour, uttering a groan that seemed rather of horror than of weariness. . ' What is the matter, dear father ?' she said, twirling the corners of her apron in a manner that had of late become habitual with the poor betrayed croature. Rjurke glanced nervously round the chamber. ' The devil is loose to-night, I think,' ho muttered. ' No matter, I hava moro of bis errands to do heLre he Wants me. Wall, Mary, my girl ; we must cut this short. You can't but know what the people about here are all a talking on. Don't you ?' ' About the murder of poor James Brice, father 1' said Mary, in tremulous tones. The unhappy girl, heraelf, ib may well be, suspected her father of the crime. ' About that, too — but other things, Mary. You know whose blame it i3, girl, if I tell you they all say, if we don't make haste we Bhall have a christening in our family before we bava a wedding,' eaid Rourko with a grim sort of delicacy of ex pression, which, nevertheless, struck poor Mary into a petrifaction of shame and fear. ' Look up, Mary, look up. You shall be made an honest woman of yet,' con tinued Raurke. ' Ibn't be afraid.' ' Ob, father ! God forgive me ! but I know I'm a wretch that oughtn't to live, and many and many a time these last few days I've been thinking how I might get rid of myself, and be at peace again, aDd for ever. But when I saw the poor ohildren, father, and thought how they would be le?t, I hadn't the heart to,' sobbed the daughter. ' You were always a good kind girl. Hare ia the written promise of marriage, and drawn up on a kind of parchment as good as the devil's skin to bind a rogue to his engagements.' As he produced the bank-note — it was for a hundred pounds, for it wa3 taken quite at hazard from the roll of stolen securities — written, like a compact in the old times, in human blood. Mary extended her hand and took the document quite mechanically. She made no remark regarding the valuable kind of paper on which it was penned at first, but recognising the handwriting, she read tho contents with miDgled wonder and jiy that almost deprived her of her senses. We have formerly mentioned that Mary Rourke had received the rudiments of an education a good deal above what was con sidered the proper measure for her station, from the kindness of Miss Sidney. ' And now, Mary, mark my words,' continued Patrick ; ' he has promised, if you go to London he will follow you there and marry you unknown to hiB purse-proud mother and the rest of his relations. Will you go r ' To London, father ! I would travel to the world's end barefoot if I thought he really would marry me there, and save my poor child from a mother's shame,' said Mary. *♦ But,' Bhe added, looking at the paper, and speakiDg with exclamation, ' what is this ? Is it a bank-note1}' ' It's written on a stamped paper, in red ink, that's all. It's written on Borne paper I had by me from my old law suits in Ireland,' said Patrick, rather confusedly. ' One hundred pounds ! Father, you never had a stamp to that amount, you had never bo much money in your life before,' said Mary, quite aghast. ' Will you take it or not ?' said Rourkej Impatiently. 'Does it make it any the worse to yon that the young gentloman had pledged himself to ke-^p his word on one of his doting mother's birthday presents ?' Mary trembled violently ; bat a glanoa at her father so terrified her that she took the document without further hesitation, and folded it into a minute shape, touching it as if it burned her fingers. ' Take care of it,' said Rourke then, very hoarsely. 'Take care of it — foryau* fine spark knows he will be banged if it is discovered — and that's your security that he will fulfil his bond.' . There was a considerable pause. ' Are you going to London with me, father ?' said W ary, at last, in a strangely altered and scarcely articulate voice. ' No, I'm going to the sea coast to try and make over to America. I shan't be able to got any employment on this side of the water for one while at least— and per haps they'll take to suspecting me nest, if they don't prove the murder on young Price.' ' And am I to go to London ? What will become of the poor children, father?' ' They must shift for themselves for a little while. Don't you be afraid. People will take pity on them ; and besides, the parish mast look after them,' said Rourke, ' When you've secuied your rich husband, or I'm comfortable in America, we can look after them, and send for them to b,e brought up to honest trades and ways of living, Mary.' 'Leave little Corny, that's almost in the cradle, father ?' 'Leave everything, if you mean to keep anything,' said Rpurka, vphemently. 'But we haven't more than a few shil lings in the house, father — and how can I ' N walk, starving, to London — in my condii tion ? ' replied Mary, in a tone of despoo. dency, almost as if she had returned to the sad, suicidal notions which she' declared, had so lately tempted her. u There's money — plenty of money— =» only you mustn't show any .till you are a good step from Brook,' said Patrick, put* ting a handful of gold in the girl's lap. By an involuntary gesture she drew1 back, relinquished her hold of her apron corners, and. let the unhallowed gold fall in a jingling heap to the ground. ; Several of the coins rolled about in various dila tions. Rourke burst into a volley of outrageous abuse. ' 0 father,' wept Mary, as, blinded by her tears, she strove to collect the scat-, tered wealth. 'Bread bought with this ? money would choke me! I would rathe? beg every step of my way to London.' ' Do as you will, you cursed fool,' said Rourke, violently. ' Leave it here, if you please, and get your father hanged. But I haven't another moment to waste over your snivelling trumpery. There's tho direction of the woman's house you are to go to — it's a Mrs. Sellshore's, an old friend of mine, where Pophly's to come and find you in London ; or, if he don't, I shall only stay in America till this affair is pretty well blown over, or till I hear what comes of it, and when I come back I'll let him see what joking with Patrick Rourke means, if he hasn't fulfilled his contract to the letter and the hour.' And so saying, he snatched up his old; weatherbeaten hat, and his formidable knobbed stick, and, without any further expression of kindness or farewell to his wretched child, lefc her, almost delirious with various emotions, gathering np the gold from the floor. CHAPTER XXXIII. Supported by her cousin, and evidently _ unable to move her trembling limbs with out some assistance, Miss Sidney reaohed her bedroom. She sank in sheer exhaustion into a toilette chair. Her beautiful head fell back in it, and she turned bo deadly pale that Julia thought she was about to faint. The kind girl rushed to tha table, took a bottle of eau-de-cologne, to bathe her. friend's forehead. But in that brief interval a powerful reaction bad takon place. Julia was astonished to find her cousin sitting upright, with a feveiiBh flush overspreading her countenance, and a glow of energetio resolve in her usually culm and sweetly pensive eyes. ' No Julia, I am quite well. I do not need any assistance). Ho does, Julia ; we must eave him.' ' What can wo do, my dearest Carry ?' 'Ho hti8 taken refugo at the Black Mill. His enemief, my aunt especially^ you see, aro aware of it. SJje will set th$ ? ' ? ? ??...... ? jnen of the law upon him with very little ', delay, and be will be given up to perish by an Ignominious death.' ' Well, if he ia guilty, my poor love, what can we do, what ought we to do ?'' . ' But he is not guilty, he is not guilty ! Of whatever other offences against good faith and morals be may be guilty, he is innocent of the bkod of Ibis old man.' ' What then could be better for him to return and prove his innocence?' replied Julia, sadly, for her own confidence in the young man's integrity was severely shaken. 'Do you not see that it is impossible ? That a weight of circumstantial evidence is accumulating against him which will over whelm him, if he returns to encounter the universal prejudice at this moment? — 0 Julia.' ' My dear Caroline ?' ' It is Mary Eourke that is bringing him .now into the terrible danger which awaits him, if he falls into the grasp of the law at this moment,' said Caroline, con vulsed with emotion, 'What has that to do with it, Carry dearest?' ' Finding .himself disappointed in the objects which only could have been hia motives in paying court to me (he loved Msry for her own sake, no doubt — happy at least in thai), he has, I suppose, made . up his mind to do justice to the mother of . his unborn child. The father of the victim has been called upon as a medium of inter course to arrange for their reunion and flight together, which explains to me the meeting and quarrel at the mill, witnessed j by Augustus. Meanwhile Patrick Konrke has committed the foul deed of which ^Frederick is accused, and the penalty of which, innocent 83 he is, he will perhaps be obliged to pay with his life.' 'If he could behave so to you, Caroline, Upon my word, I think the gallows quite good, enough for Lim,' exclaimed the indignant Julia. 'Do not say so so, cousin; I am the it jared person, and I would not that a hair of his head should be hurt on my account ; much less that he should come to an ignominious death,' said Caroline ; adding in a tone of sudden resolution, 'and to prove I am in earnest in what I say, I am going to the Black Mill as fast as my poor limbs nan carry me, to warn him that he is discovered, and to bid him fly for his life. Perhaps he has not the means — I will Bupply them.' 'To the 'BJack Mill alone— alone- through the darkness of midnight. Caro line, are you mad ?' , 'Not alone, Julia, for I know you will go with me.' ' If you go. But, for heaven's sake, Caroline, consider what you talk of doing. You have already done more than enough for this young1 man. Your reputation itself, after what you have avowed before the magistrates, is at stake.' ' I care for nothing- so that I save his life. O Julia, what would mine be worth if he were to perish by so dreadful a doom, when I might have saved him !'' 'Can we not wait till the morning ?'' ' Impossible, it will be too late. Per haps even now, while we are talking1, my flnut is acting. She has absolute control over her husband — he will obey her like a machine — and the warrant is perhaps being penned even now. Desert me if you will, Julia, but alone or with you I go at once to the Blaok Mill.' 'Do you know the way there ?' ' I hnve ridden to it on my pony when I thought I should like to sketch toe ruin — and Frederick used;} to make it his evening walk, too, at that time,' said Caroline. 'I will never desei-t yon, my dearest cousin, but — but could wa not get some ono more suitable to the scene and hour to go with us ?' ' I can trust no one else —Peter Brin \- . himself is now a witness against him. God help me, but whatever comes of in I will' do what I can to save him. And, O Julia, who knows what explanations he may bo.able to offer? — at all events, he might clem* himself of this bloodstain, to my eyes, and then, whatever else happens, I think I could he happy yet again.' Speaking- thus, the poor girl was hastily putting1 on some outdoor clothing1 evi dently in the determination to execute the purpose she hnd announced. Julia saw it was in vain to argue the question further. A species of delirium possessd her cousin, which opposition, she Baw, would only irritate. ' I will go with you,' she exclaimed. ' But, my dear girl, let us expose our selves to as little danger as possible. Don't let us put on our bonnots and veils, but wn.p ourselves up as if we were gipsies and strollers* Heaven knows who we may meet abroad in the lonesome lanes and fields; but the wolf spares his kind, and wild and houseless people will perhaps offer no insult if they chink we are the like.' Caroline seemed perfectiy indifferent about the mean3, provided only she wss allowed to effect her purpose. She sub mitted with perfect docility to the changes her calmer cousin thought it necessary to make in her costume. A dark winter oloak drawn over her head in the fashion of a hood concealed her fine features, and was so disposed by Julia about the shoulders and waist as to give her a haggard and tramplike appear ance. Julia crushed an o'd straw bonnet on her own head, and tied it with a red pockethandkerchief which she happened to be hemming for Mr. Purday under the chin. She enveloped her shoulders in a worn-out shawl, tied behind her waist, and by adopting a stooping gait and taking a stick, of which there were numbers belong iug.to the lata Mr. Sidney in a cupboard in Caroline's chamber, she grave herself, as she desired, a good deal of the effect of an old and rather infirm country woman at a distance. Julia would not bear a close inspection in such a character. The spirited girl — though she mentioned nothing of the sort to Caroline — even took oare that the stick should be a sword-Btick. She carefully ascertained that the weapon, whose glittering elasticity and sharpness she had often amused herself in essaying, was in the' sheath and ready for action. If they were insulted, thought Julia, she had only to display this formidable ally to seaure them respect. Poor child, she did not know it requires the heart as well as the weapon both to strike and wound. ' How dark it is,' whispered Julia, as they stepped out into the kitchen garden. 'So much the better, dear. No one can see us,' said the breathle3S but deter mined Caroline. ' Ah, Carry, I used'to think I was the braver of the two, but when people are in love. No, I won't have it you are in Jove with him now — so unworthy as he has pioped himself.' Yet what but love — love of the most exalted, resolute, and unselfish character could have induced a young and timid woman to venture through the darkness and solitude of night on such an errand 1 The kitchen garden, with its cucumber frames and laden gooseberry bushes bathed in glistening dew, is passed. The gate unbarred and carefully closed behind them. And now the cousins speed with trembling and hurried Bteps through the dnrksome shadows of the wood. If Frederick Graham could have seen his heart's idol out thus alone and unpro tected on his account in the midst of the gloomy solitude thus traversed, what would have been his sensations ! But at that moment he lay asleep dream ing a happy dream of reunion and happi ness. Attired in a garb of such dazzling glory that it seemed like the robe of Solo mon at his proudest, when he dedicated the temple — the young lover was kneeling to offer the treasures of Sultan A very, re scued from the deep, to his beloved Caro line. He was murmuring in his happy trance the words, ' And now, Caroline, do you believe- in your aunt's calumnies any longer? Did I love you for your wealth alone?' Is there not indeed some rangnetic com munication between spirits, however sun dered, drawn to each other by so deep and passionate an affinity ? It seemed to Caroline that eome such words as these came to her ear on the winds through the dense summer foliage of the wood as she entered it with Julia. She did not dare to confess so much to her companion, lest Julia should imagine she was really possessed of delirium. Bu! she took so much heart and courage od the fancy that Julia was astonished. ' What possesses you, Caroline? You really seem as if you were afloat on the wind and were carrying me on with you, with scarce an effort on my part.' ' We shall be at the Black Mill in a mo ment. VVe shall save him, perhaps. At all events, he will repent the more when he perceives how fend and true a heart he, has broken.' In reality, the cousins passed through the wood, over the dark, murmuring vat-r of the brook that gave its name to the locality, and sped along the silent field? like two smooth-sailing swans through the liquid and unresisting air. ' We shall have daylight when we return, lint is one comfort,' observed Julia. To wards the east the sky looked grey, and was fringed with a faint golden verge. ' It matters not, God will protect us whether in darkness or light.' ' But we ought nob to tempt Providence, and really venturing out of doors in the open fields at midnight — Good heavens, Caroline, what is yonder?' exclaimed Julia. ' Hush, it is nothing. What do you mean ?' returned Caroline. ' It is a man ?' said Julia. ' K'ep still, then. A poacher, perhaps — ho will pass. We cannot conceal our selves here, but he will not know who wc ara unless we betray ourselves,' returned Caroline, firmly. They now perceived the figure of a ma^n crawling over a gate at the end of the field they were traveling. He seemed quite faint and exhausted — almost as if he had sustained some severe bodily icjury, and was dragging himself slowly to a place of 3uccour. A thought struck Julia's rapid intelli gance. 'L^t us &tand; quite motionless The night is dark, and unless he looks particularly ? ' The advice was adopted before ih was fully given, and two girls, resolutely de termining not to tremble, en concad them selves as deeply as they could in lha under wood. It was luckily of thorn and silver birch — the ' lady of the woods ' — so that tbeii1 outlines wera not of a character to enforce attention. But the man himself was t---o much absorbed to notice circanastances even of an unusual charaoter. He, passed them breath ing thick and pantingly, like a hunted animal. It was, in fact, Patrick Rourke, some what rallied from his first consternation in the affair of the Black Mill, aud making the bsst of his way, to put his plan with regard to hia daughter in execution, towards his homo in Brook. Julia recognised him. ' Thank good ness ! ' she- exclaimed, ' we shall only have. Frederick to doal with. There goes Patrick Eourke.' ' The story u trua, then j they wero in conference together. I am glad the rufluuly old man has not sustained much injury in l;ho contention it appears they had, but, gwoious heaven, perhips b.9 has destroyed Frederick. Perhaps he has murdered him If tOO.' ' .; '*-'.: I 'Do not say so, Caroline, or I; will not || have strength to move another step,' ex« M claimed Julia. ' H 'I must know the wor3t, though, ib 8 should kill me,' replied our heroine, press* B ing wildly forward, and almost dragging H her cousin on with her. * ? \\. . ' (To he continued) . . HJj 