PETTICOATS, PANTS, AND POLITICIANS. (By 'AraodnO ' Asmodeus' shows the folly of admitting the New Woman Into Parliament or any where else. The New Woman has been remarkably quiet of late (for a woman of her build), but whether this quietness is the «alm that pre cedes a storm, or whether the Woman hot grown tired of tbe pieorust promises made to her by artful pohtioiani, and is now thoroughly disheartened, art questions which Time alone can answer. My own opinion is that the baggy bloomers which cam* in with the ' bikes ' have set the ' glorious cause ' book 29 years at least Sir Henry Parkes once said he would just at soon sit in tht Home by the tide of a silt dress as by the side of a tweed suit; but I fancy that he would draw the line at reoating next to a pair of bulgy bloomers, whioh looked as if the wearer had a goose batching in one leg of them, and three month* rations planted in the other. ? ? ? *? It is more than probable that women might have secured the suffrage long ago if the champions of it had been handsome, well dressed, attractive ladies, who combined the subtlety of the serpent, with the coy simpli- city of the dove. But they were not (as a rule); in fact, a woman herself has said" 'If you only saw the old harridans, with their scarecrow dresses and their moss-trooper manners, who are agitating for the suffrage; it would be enough to send you into shiver- ing fits. If women are to look and act like them when they get the suffrage, then heaven defend us from it.' * * * A captivating — not necessarily handsome — woman might talk even Governor Bourke's old statue into voting at she wished; but when a man is bailed up by a goggle-eyed, raspy-voiced dame of 57 summers and twice as many winters, whose dress gives her the hideous look of a lost year's clothes-prop stuck into a this year's potato-bag, who wears sow-hide boots with the hairy tide turned out, who carries a parcel of tracts in one hand and waves a bulgy old 'brolly' with the other, at she shrieks, 'Listen to me, you man!'— when a fellow meets a marrow freezing apparition like that, all he longs to do is to rush off and drown himself 'deeper than did ever plummet sound' at the bottom of our lovely harbor. * * * Coming back to my contention, that the bloomers have bagged the 'suffrage,' the tart and talented 'Ouida' truthfully says - Women are reproached with thinking too much about dress, but the real truth is, they do not think enough about it — in a right way. Most women will wear anything (or nothing) if it is only 'the fashion.' That's a fact, and if any man wants proof let him look round at the hideous puff sleeves, which give even slim willowy girls the appearance of having the square brawny shoulders of prize-fighters instead of the gently tapering slope seen on the upper works of the Venus de Medici. One glance at the opening scene in 'Miss Decima' conclusively proves that the back view of a woman in bloomers is about the most awful sight this end of the world ever saw since the days of 'Fisher's Ghost.' The French used to say the ugliest object in life was a woman in the water, but that was before the woman had crawled into bloomers. It is the long flowing robe that gives grace and dignity to women, and any woman who would willingly change it for that awful atrocity miscalled the 'reformed dress' ought, to be run in as a lunatic at large.' I once saw a very taking sketch of the 'Block' dude of the future, in which "Chellia" was togged out in a lady's dress, which was ornamented with five large frills from the waist downwards and ended at the knees; striped stockings graced his lead-pencil legs, a dainty little sailor-hat, perched in front of a big hair 'bun,' topped his poll, and his gloved hand held a pretty pink parasol. He looked a fearful guy, of course, but not worse than a woman does in man's attire, and the first thought of a healthy man on seeing either of those frights must be a profound regret that he came out without his gun. * * * Catching on to a more serious side of woman's worry than her bloomers, Disraeli once said tbat the chief objection against allowing a woman to take part in public affairs was her utter inability to be punctual. There is something in that, too, for the average woman always declares, when called, that she will 'be there in one minute.' but that minute is generally stretched to half-an-hour, and occasionally the whole business in hand is forgotten altogether. It is said that, during an election in a certain American town, 27 New Women took so muoh time to get into the special voting costumes they had made for the occasion, that the poll had closed 40 minutes before they appeared upon the scene at all. When they found that all their trouble had been wasted, they started in to up-end the polling premises, and by making a bonfire of the lot, they very effectually nullified the whole of the day's proceedings. * * * About the strangest objection ever raised againt women as politicians, however, is one to the effect that they can't talk. Most men are of opinion that this trouble is the other way about entirely, but the party who raised the above objection explains that while he admits that the average unprofessional woman, can talk faster than a horse can trot, still her chatter sever gets within coo-ee of anything like true oratory. There is plenty of loquacity but no luminosity about her; as the O'Connor Dan would say, and in many cases she has a disastrous knack of talking first and thinking about her subject afterwards — if she ever really thinks about thinking for herself at all. * * * Even when lovely woman's loquacity does reach to luminosity, she is often heavily handicapped by her voice, which, however suited for 'shooing' hens, or reading the Riot Act to the 'old man' at 3 a.m., and other domestic purposes, falls short in the oratorical requirements of a public assembly. A woman, it is argued, may be earnest and eloquent, and she may be witty and wise, but in the matter of real oratory she can't talk persuasive enough to even call chickens to their feed. A woman's voice, when let loose on a public platform, generally 'takes the bit in its teeth,' as it were, and runs away with her altogether. Then the petticoated Cicero becomes alternately shrill and husky; she shrieks when she wishes to be emphatic, and she whispers hoarsely or squeaks, like the wind rushing through a keyhole, when she would persuade. One moment her voice comes out of the top of her head, the next it is growling in the heels of her dainty boots. As public speakers, 19 out of every 20 women are failures, and when they get fairly on the shriek about some real or imaginary grievance, sensitive male members of the audience crawl under the seats, and hold on tightly to the groaning floor until the withering tornado has passed. Earth has no sweeter sound than that soft low tone of a maiden's voice as she conjugates the verb amo in her best boy's ear in a quiet spot, or of a mother's voice as she lulls her babe to rest, but when the baggy- breeched woman gets her strident organ way up on the top C and yells for 'rights' and 'ransoms,' even the dead in Rookwood stop their ass-holes with their shrouds and quaking with fear iu their ' pine-liners.' * * * If no one but orators were allowed to represent us, however, the full strength of the Assembly to- day would be about three members; for, if anything, the average man it worse in this respect than the average woman; in fact, it is somewhat doubtful if a real piece of genuine oratory has been heard in the House since the Northern electors shunted 'Tom' Walker. Apropos to which I remember that when the question of allow- ing women to fill seats in the Assembly was discussed, Harry Levien thought the move would be a derned good one, because then Parliament would always close at 11 p.m, and every Jack could pair off with his Jill and see her safely home, and there would be more fun then in being an M.P. than in bossing the Gaiety Company or acting Chief Prophet in a settlement of Mormons. 'I wouldn't be too sure of that.' chipped in a more far-seeing legislator, 'because if women f are to be allowed to sit in the Senate there is nothing to prevent our own wives from being elected, and if I know any thing abont wives their presence is apt to interfere with your anticipated sport a trifle.' 'Quite right, too,' said an unmarried senator, and then a great gloom settled on all the married legislators pretest, until lawyer Levien promised to draft a one-family-one-member bill, which would prevent a wife from being returned to any Parliament in which, her husband held a seat. 