ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. ? + ? On Sunday the Cardinal-Archbishop delivered the fourth of his lectures on the Passion of our Divine Lord. In the fourth stage of His passion our Divine Eedeemer received His sentence at the tribunal of Pontius Pilate, and, taking on His shoulders the Sacred Cross, wended His way along the dolorous path to Calvary. The Saviour had been led before the tribunal still arrayed in the crown of thorns, wearing the mock robe of royalty, and holding the reed of disgrace. It was the day of which the Canticle sings — ' 0, Daughter of Jerusa lem, go forth and see thy King crowned with a diadem.' It was the day of the Saviour's suffering, the day on which He had purchased his holy Church, arrayed in the robe of His spiritual espousals. It was a day of rejoicing, for by His suffering He was perfecting the work of redemption. But what was the cry of the Jews ? ' We have no king but Caesar.' 0, chosen people of G-od, was it not for you that the yoke of bondage was broken in Egypt? Had you not manna in the wilderness at your desire ? 'Were you not led into a land flowing with milk and honey, and enriched with bless ings by Almighty Grod? It was the cry of apostasy by which the chosen people responded to the proffered privileges. But is not the same cry in the sinner's heart;, who flings aside the sweet yoke of the Lord and will have no king but Satan, and no yoke but that of sin ? He lives in slavery, having voluntarily rejected the Saviour's peaceful graces, placed within his reach in the flowing streams of the sacraments. The sinner is the willing slave of his passions. He cries out that he will have no king but sin. The Jews uttered another cry. ' Let His blood be upon us and upon our children,' they cried. It was a terrible invocation. A few years rolled on. The Jewish people had become hardened in their impiety. The whole Jewish race were gathered together at ' Jerusalem to make a last struggle for exist ence. There were 3,000,000 of them, and they set at defiance the power of Imperial Kome. The narrative is related by the Jewish historian, Josephus. He tells how the Eoman army came and surrounded the city. Every cruelty was inflicted on the people. Pive hundred were crucified together in sight of the city. Every thing was done that could inflict suffering on them. No wood remained to make crosses ; no ground on which to plant them. A terrible chastisement was inflicted on the fallen race. When the Roman army at length rushed into the city — not in figure, but in reality — the public ways ran with blood. His blood was upon those who had persevered in their crime. But the Saviour's blood was shed crying out for mercy. May not we, too, but in reverence and love, repeat the words, Oh, may the precious blood be upon us. Every blessing, every joy, flows from the precious blood which has washed away our sins. Whatever beauty there is in the world has come from the precious blood of the Saviour. The world was devastated and waste. If it has been changed into a paradise this has come from the precious blood of our Divine Saviour. Whatever fragrancy there is in the flowers of faith, whatever richness there is in the fruits of piety, all has come from the precious blood. Now our Divine Saviour takes up the cross which is to serve for His crucifixion. He embraces it and kisses it with joy. It is a day of joy to His heart, the day of His spiritual espousals. The cross is now venerated, but then it was the symbol of wickedness and of everything that was vile. It was the sign of ignominy. But it has become the cross of the Divine Saviour. To the Jew it was a stumbling block ; to the Greek, a scandal. They made war against it in vain. Imperial Rome unsheathed the sword against it ; states men devised schemes against it ; schools of philosophy set themselves in opposition to it, but all in vain. The shrines of the false gods crumbled into dust, and on their sites were erected its temples. Passions gave it battle ; concupiscence waged war against it. But its triumph was glorious. It set its seal upon the mind ; it set its seal upon the heart. It brings blessing ; it is the symbol of every blessing. If nations are in the darkness of paganism it brings them light. The Cross of Christ brings with it all blessings. The Prophet cries out, ' How beautiful on the mountains are the feet, of those that preach the gospel !' 'Whatever blessings they bring are but tidings of the blessings of the Cross. The Cross is the symbol of every blessing and all triumph. It tells of the power of wisdom and goodness. It is the eternal symbol of infinite love and mercy. It; was then the type of ignominy ; now it adorns the diadems of kings and emperors. It is formed of gold and silver. It was emblazoned on the banners of Imperial Rome. Now the Saviour takes upon Himself the symbol of ignominy. He goes to perfect the sacrifice. Isaac of old was told to bear the wood for the holocaust to Mount Moriah, and he went forth with joy, but he did not ask if he himself was to be the victim. The Saviour knows the agony, yet He joyfully takes up His Cross and goes forth. But His strength is exhausted by the scourging and all the agony through which He has passed. Three times He falls, all the pain and suffering of His wounds being renewed each time. Pious people gather round Him ; pious women shed tears. But He says to them — 'Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me but weep for yourselves.' It was not the outward sympathy of tears that was needed, but the contrition of the heart. Our Blessed Lord bore the weight, not of the mere material cross — the burden of sin was placed upon Him, the sins of the world, the iniquity of the race. This is the burden under which the Redeemer falls. He tells each one of us that not in a mere outward sympathy is the consolation He seeks, but that a true contrition of the heart alleviates His burden and makes light His Cross. The executioners, seeing His weakness, and, not compassionating it, but fearful lest He should expire before their rage was satiated, seize on (Simeon of Cyrene and force him to take upon his shoulders the cross of our Blessed Lord. The word used by the Evangelist should be marked. It is the word 'constrained.' Simeon was unwilling. He knew not the blessing that was offered him. He was a stranger, but, once having taken the cross on his shoulder, he goes on rejoicing to Calvary. He himself and his sous were among the first to herald the message of our Blessed Lord. But see the mystery that is here. It was not one of the chosen people who was selected to bear the Cross ; it was Simeon of Cyrene, a Gentile city, and one of a Gentile race. This teaches us that .Simeon, a Gentile by race, was chosen piously to follow our Blessed Lord and bear His holy cross. Each one of us is called on to do our part in bearing the burden. 'Which of us, if he had been there, would not have rejoiced in the privilege of bearing the cross ? The sjune privilege awaits each of us. It is our duty 1:0 bear the cross. No livery is recognised in paradise but that of the cross. No entrance is. there except for those who bear the cross. The* words of our Blessed Lord are, ' Let a man take up his cross and deny himself and follow me.' There are four points to be noted here. The bearing of the cross must be voluntary. ' Let him take up his cross.1' There must be self-denial. The cross is that which Almighty God places upon a man's shoulders — ' his cross ' — and he must per severe, as he is led, in following in the Saviour's footsteps. No one is forced to be the Lord's disciple. He must be so volun tarily. Almighty God gives strength and enlightenment and grace to the heart, butnone is forced upon it. 'We must correspond with the grace that is given. It must be a voluntary act, an act of self denial, Let a man deny himself and be obedient to the Divine com mands. It is only by an act of self- denial that he can keep the commandments and persevere in carrying his cross. Let him take up his cross. Here we have a land of sorrow. 'Whether we like it or not, we have a cross to bear. The pressure of the world, the tyranny of the passions, the yoke of Satan, imposes a cross upon men. They become slaves to the passions of the moment. How terrible is the bondage, how cruel the slavery ! Everyone has a cross to bear, but the meri torious cross is the Cross of Christ. Let us be prepared to accept it from His hand as the source of every blessing. If we follow in the footsteps of our Blessed Lord, and persevere to the end, we shall find His yoke easy and His burthen light. Like Simeon of Cyrene, hav ing once taken up the cross, we shall follow with joy in the Saviour's footsteps. Each faithful soul will rejoice in the Cross, which is the source of blessings to him who has taken it up. How glorious is the procession of the great souls that have carried the cross. Eirst there is the Immaculate Mother. How terrible was her cross. Every wound of our Divine Saviour was a wound to her maternal heart. A cruel cross was placed upon her shoulders, but she bore it, rejoicing to be like her Divine Son in His agony. The Apostles who had been so weak in the moment of trial, when the Holy Ghost had come down upon them rejoiced at bearing the cross. They cried out with St. Paul — God forbid that I should know any blessing except those reaped under the standard of the cross. The myriad martyrs cried out for new sufferings, that they might be like the Saviour. They rejoiced in the sufferings that made them like our Blessed Lord. So all the saints take up the cross. How glorious is the procession led forth under the banner of the cross to enter rejoicing into the heavenly glory. Let us rejoice to be called to take part in this glorious procession. Let us rejoice to take up our cross and to be thus made like, by suffer ing, to our Saviour. 