[?] A j SU3Q&Y.; , OFt. -®HE: ui'UAiiSAA'L.i » | landed in rortJCatol itb golden Vonesuy-biiPiist;4ind oigUHinpcnce iin |ny-fjo<skei; The liot»cs"Otia die g»ence« ?vaijisUed<iiiiek'ly::5!Tlievd liappened m A)q n? -\tnve o'fliard tlni'esin tliC eolouy' Just tlieir.irnd ovor>bgtay was ghirabl-. was sa IP tp,,w« up. IJ4owu&;v, no ineansjpf.gpttliig Jherp,, , Iknoclied a boULfpr.&ny; >or two, iind.Avliei any hist copppi; .was one 1 |wns; lucky, enough to rail art'dss tlies jjrbtWbifli friend, in ueed. He was'jui feiijfliklfliwn'ibiined .Idlin G?\iood. :V Ji i g," red -bra rd od folihp, With tlie, hniW jrf 1 sdou saw' thfltbe ft'aS.clpse Jisted'nud hard nt a, Jaargaiii. . : , , j It/vrasu't much fCliuce that hp; tffored/me, thougli i was/mighty, glad teke him up. He had been in the colony for nevwil years, and so far had met ' with poor success. But he was poiu to slake his litlle aiJl on a search, "for gold away up beyond the Trans-. JraaL" and .as I, had nothing to clilp in for Ti jrartnershlj) lie agreinl lo taken»e .jhlong us a hired helper. I was 10 get a few shillings a month, wliol her wo jsiriipk it rieh or poor. Jt was a one sided eonti7Hr, luii Twas lib in ihe pqsi- tion'tfi kick. Garwood's oulfii consisted of a strong waggon and eight seasoned- 'bullocks, a lent, two j'ifles. a lnucp uf revolvers, and a lot of milling tools. "For .driver he lured a wizened and ,'iough iiuU» Houentor. who was abou. .£41 yea rs old. and knew every part of the colony. 1 took a mistrust »o .lanka D'om ilie first, fer he had a wicked eye rliat could never look one straight in the face. He was a fair blacksmith and waggon "Tight, a dead shot, and an »n- .liriag hunter. Garwood had picked him 5ip at I'ieterinaritzbevg and he admitted ihat he had a reputation for impudence ami laziness. "Don't you worry." he said to me be fore wc started. "I know how to manage these blacks, .lanka is too ..valuable to jxiri with, an sis long a a , 1 am his master he will behave like a faithful dog.' "I don't deny it.". 1 replied. "You know (he ropes out here, and I'm only -a' green hand. Bui his looks are against him." So we llnvo started north, and I won't tire.. von with ail account of the long journey. At the end of two months wc -crossed the Limjiupo River, rind the Transvaal was behind us. Ahead was ti wild and beautiful country, hut little ,3aiowii in those days. 'Garwood was as fearless a mail as ever lived, arid though ii was a during' /and foolhardy thing to do, wc pushed right on into the land of tlie Jatabeles. You know what lively scrimmages the t .OJianered Company had There. At that 'iiiue the savages wen- more bitter to wards white men than now. and wo Jocflted our camp in the saftest place we could liud. It was part way up a Ihtle valley .and in among thick timber. There were tall mountains right and nefr. and a bit of a stream brawled by "the lent. ..- .Vud. jf you'll believe mo. that stream turned nut to lie chock full of gold. I could hardly fiud it to-day .and 1. reckon no one else lias stumbled mi it yet; Ah. what a time we had Garwood aJid J cradled the pools from morning to flight, and the canvas bag of shiny nug gets grew heavier and heavier. And it «11 belongiHl to him by the terms of the contract. I felt pretty sore. I can tell you. Inn 1 worked on and kept my mouth shut. So' did Garwood, and I calculated lie would drive his bargaiu to the hist letter. I had no reasons, -you see he was a groin, close-mouthed uon of chap, and it wps all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a month, more or less, thai we stayed in that lonely imok of Maiabele- land. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggetk .to shovel into the bag. No savages came near us, and we saw ifo trace of any. We lived royally, for the Hottentot was a tun' good hunter; and .Tonka was on Ills good behavior, I'm bound to say. 11c was as meek as n lamb, aud when he sometimes saw us fingering the gold be would look at it stupidly and carelessly, as though the shiny nuggets were no more to him than so much dirt. All, he was a cun ning rogue if ever iliere was one. One night, when the canvas bag was so full that we could liardly tie the mouth shut a oncer thing hannened. We awoke in the morning to find our two rifles gone. They had l>ecn car ried off from our very sides. Wo hunted all around, but it was uo use. Garwood knew mighty little of spoor ing. and I knew less: so we had to rely on .Tanka. The Hottentot hnd a ready solution for the mystery. Ho protend ed to discover sigus of naked foot in the trampled grass around the tent, and declared that two savages' had stolen the rifles in the night; then lie crept off into-tlie jungle like a cat, promising to track the thieves, and intimating that he might bring our property hack before evening. Naturally we had little hope qf that. I suspected the black scamp, though I dou't know just Why. 1 liiutcd as much 1o Garwood, but he only laughed at me. Then lie looked sober, aud said thai the Mata- bole had likely 'stolon the rifles to make us defenceless, and would bo coming to take our, lives . next. " We counted it lucky that, our re volvers wore left. They had likely es caped attention, being fastened to our belts while we slept. We loaded them carefully before we Trudged up the stream to when1 we were working. We did not do mueli that ..morning, owipg U) a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. We watched and listened a good bit in between the c radling,, and at dinner- time, finding we, liad forgotten to bring our lunch, we Uqck Jxiek to camp. . lanka reached .the tent just as we did. only from' the opposite direction. He linked fagged oul, and his feet and body' were scratched by thorns.' Tie was mpty handed, except for his eus- toma y spear. "IViicre.are inn- rifles?" (Jnnvood ;isk(Ml, sharply, yon Ii> a pretty fel low to send after thieves!" i "TJiey had mneji start, bang." said Fthe Hottentot, in a sullen tone. -Vpl-i lures dn fitit tyjnff ooitid not lave orer-: taken tlieni. I followed thelr spoof to a Matabele krttal yehtter," . pointing to yte -west. "'J'he flops of ttiieves.Jiad on- fered tlio gate. 1 jay hid close, by in the hushes and listened, i heard jnuyll talk and saw many things.' At tibon- day all lite lighting warriors of the kraal Jjvill stqrt for ttio >hlte jn?nW eatnp to slay litem. They .will' be hero by the falling ofihe spu.',' .... , -Tanka iookod us straight In tlie eye as lie spoke. His words aud manner liorc the stamp of truth. Though T he-' Iieved him eapaltle Of any villainy. J would have sworn that now lie was not lying. " , .."How many are ;eo tnl hsS'fgtjfnapdeti Gji rwood) Staling under liiS-Wcmge'sklh The lottautot lifted hoilt handstand rnpjdly etosOd and'opentd liis "flifeers a.fiozen times.itilThatiinany.'ibann;? 'It's safe to count. on jiajf, a hun dred, ' mattered Garwood, turning to ' me. "Weiye degd men if Ave stay here: ay, aud we're as gbod as dead 'anyway for besc blacks ,.$#11.., track us' like fiends, .It's, a' slitri j chbfltieT" | ' J SPftkilte 4iyife,». 1 ' ippjle'. 'II we start : (U,s>nDe„.we eafi cover A- . »-« a»ii .ntsii; ,-J. .1 art in prime condition.. ,- (,;tik'e>oodtnn(Tded. ft'AVnW! fiwPEtf1 1 of 'secomls. and I know lie vrfn nW5ijiSr himSeif"tfiiP f>x>M<t5d ! it > kitare 'of''the- uotnmioauh. Itj.thatvAvuyq mm&amm; oiilv ehnntr1' l'#'-t(j'4i®i!;4t'hl>aa W'the' Miitnbele Ahlfi'ttn! T6aeh'«ieJiinii»oiio.i'. ' \- With that wei-feli-Wi-tfOt'k.'; ".Tonka lent us a „ hand ; rtl)tjt . , evuty .now, and. then lie was Ing. Eitlit'f lie' Svas ; mortally sekTcd for bis llfe.'of'H' tvaStlie-flnt hit -df 1 acting I ever' satv.' ' ' 1 '' , Well, tve got off hi, siiort'ordei'.' nua i as soon as we were ftfiu'.pffXlteivaUeyo Hie bullocks ,weut.fattllnsr, -ovei;- (the, grassy veldt, with the wagppn ftvaying and WttneTng Iwltiiid. amvood fttirt l lar in the retir end; wktcBlfi? ovtwyAull crest and cltimp of slirult.'.tind Usteuing t to the track of- the lloltcntohs .wltip. But. to, mgko A long. story shoft, -the. Matabele. did not., show up. TVe fra;, veiled hard all tliat ntght and well into the next forenoon before we' ventured on a few hours'' halt. AVe were off again at sttuset. anil t wo (lays later we sighted the Limpopo, and crossed at a. fording. . . TVe fell «tfe now. and were even a , Tittle ashamed of ottr hasty flight. Bui' we did not -dream of .going lm«k. \Ve; had had <)iiile etiengti or the perilous country of ttie Mtttaheies. \\\ e Ittok our time on the long .iettrney through1 the Transvaal, heading in a direct route for Pert Natal. Frank what few words Garwood let fall. 1 surmised that lie was going home to Ml) gin ml with liis fo'rtftn'e. I felt pretty lilue over my own prospects. The wages that were tine toe Would last lmt 'it short time after reaching the oust, ainj . if the times were still jlull 1 might have trouble .in. finding ,cJHplo.vmeut- 1'm afraid i pad some bitterness to wards Garwood, .for T ;tn'U' he- had driven j> liard bargain will) me. He was as glum as ever; aud '.we found each ollter's com):iuy pretty mnuotouous. We hnd jmslied mi after sunset be en use the Ynal river was not far ahead, and we hoited to out-situu there, before midnight. Garwood was sipiatted /a Dutch fashion against lie' lail-ltoard. .smoking the dast erumlts from. his to- itaceo hux. , I. wasjitrelehed across the bed of the waggon, .directly behind the driver's sent. .SI.v head was pillowed on the bag of nuggets, mnl my eyes were hnlf- clused. Twice I saw .Tanka give me a fliiiek glance over bis' shoulder. Slid whom he did 't n thiol time my old mistrust teame .to life again. 1 lay still, peeping trout under my eyelids, and wondering what it meant. That was where I made a. mistake, though I uau't say I regret it. ' All at once .Tanka swflng round, and twifr as lightning Jerked my revolver out of my belt. 1 With n twist of his hum! ho reversed the ' weapon, and brought the butt heavily down off my forehead. Though dizzy with pain. I gave a loud cry trad "struggled to toy knees. 1 Saw Garwood spring up, reaching for his pistol, and just tlieu lite Hottentot tired. The Tin 11 sang by my ear. and Garwood threw up his arms and fell backward out of the end of the waggon. '" 1 stdggeved to my feet, itlitl. whipping, out my hunting-knife, faced .Tanka atf he thrust the pistol lute tit.v face and pulled tlie .trigger. Tin- chamber either missed lire or was empty, aud before 1 could take advantage of the oppori unity t lie " wiry" tftfle Hbtt ent nt droppeil the weapon .and jumped sgutUTly down on me. "The gold! 'J'be gold!" he screamed shijlly. "It is all mine, liaas, for you are a dead man!" 1 was aoeomitcd pretty strong in those days, lint tlie dizzy crack on the head had put me at a disadvantage. Moreover. T had lost the knife. As I went down 1 gripped the Hottentot as best I could, and for a couple of min utes we thrashed over the waggon bed, locked tightly together. 1 was grow ing weaker sill the time, and 1 gave myself up for lost. Jauka wns crazy with rage and greed, and his skinny niusclcs were like jron. Jlis. purpose was to get at . my throat and throttle me. The bullocks were moving slow ly. but all at onec they bellowed and broke into a gallop, and. 1 beard the roar of a lion off to one side. Tlie tvaggon began to sway and pitch furi ously, and Janka and 1 were fiuug from side. to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minute, like n flash, the waggon was over on its site, and I heard' the ling of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot, tvns undermost now. hut I was too-weak to hold him there. He would. soon -hit ve twisted loose, I'll warrant,' only he didn't get the chance. The waggon had been bumping along on its side, nud of n sudden it took a header down a stony bank. There was ruslilng water at tiie bottom, and into it we went— waggon, bullocks, aud nil. '1 was clean under before I could open my month, and then I linfl sense enough to hold my breath and kick. The current must have washed me out of . the 'end of tlie waggon, for I tame' to the top of tlie river— it was the Yaal. as you have likely' guessed— and saw the' shore a litle way off. I gained It- by 'Swimming and wading, climbed up the'1 bluff to a patch of grass abd fell down in a dead faint. " It was early dawn when 1 enrne to anil I felt' pretty chipper, except for the painful bump on my head. 'J'he river was a "yellow flood, and rhefc was no sijrn of bullocks, waggon, oV .Tanka. I was 'a little below tlie top of the bank', and when T; Scrambled up, I was the most Surprised anil' delighted man you ever saw. '"The bii£ of miggets lav a .few yaras Off", anp ;'stnriaiug beside it was John' GaVivood. He had a bloody bandage around bis head, aud I'toOk him for a' ghost at first. "I thought you wcto dend !" I erfed. "It was a elos<vb"ffve' Tie answered, "hut the bullet only ploughed my sculp. I've beonliiyjnfe <" ItHfck here on tBfe veldt all night. Where's Janka and the team V". i tola, htm my story, and his face r gtpw as (toft as.n jyoinnn's. "Tou're a' braVe fellow,"' ho saitf,'' and'- T h'avn't treated you squarpjy. But It ain't too late to inake''atnehds'. You savfed th'e gold, and half- of - it is yours'." i'"» .I won't tnke it." said Tr " ' '"You vvlft." said lie.i'nnd as .his voice lia,il thn old stubhoraiV ring; I'. didn't argue tlie matter. The Yanl being rapid and swollen, wb knew it ws's no ufleetiiTo'Uk for the tea hi, nor did we bdcful»t"lhat' Jnnka's drowned body wasH.iuglod In the wag-"' ,gon. We bought a.-cart 'and bulldCks from a Hutch u farmer, -crad jns'de Vthr way down totBort StataJu eTbeabnif.' of gold dijjn't shold esa«tlsi Ja- fortune, init jtgavie yaa|i.«£-.J|s a tidyrUttlfe siini.v <>anvood Wfjnt.bome to Kngland .with, .Ms. I, boflgjjt.Am tltpre; i«..NBlta3|, stoeke4 :it .wlthjattlo nd -shegp, and put up the tulluws,. 'fhat's,4»pjy#«pt my first Titart. and I've prospered .ever since.— Correspondent "Peck's Bun." . Freddy? Tvhy dld-ypu 'Wrop'Tht Tikby itn, iheiflWr? " wJll/rTirdPeVerybdSj' .ei&mG; «4otSWMngsd)abJ% st» I'iwntM tto;seedt b'aunoe. ?<><f j t<u an-r. | .obsiilr i o»h Mi litis vlucv, ;q« U 