s: uc;;ci , liothor of lif, or property, lshi&become; popular,' and prope2liy so, :beoause "no one knows what t~siorrow aJ y bring forth." No one ais f?:orced into insurance against their will; all are tatatod alike in accordance to ': the estimated risk for wlicoh they pay, 'and tho.e fortunato willingly bear the ':burdens of the unfortunate. In the i:case of life ineuranco the premium is i :always and nocoesarily in proportion to Sthe ageonndlifo prospoects ofthoemembers ..:and the anounu for which they insure, a nd it must be no much in oxcess of that a.mount ats to ofeootually cover thlo'extra r iosk of protnaturo or ac'idoen'tl death, .As the policy .comes into force the momopt·it is. siglml, those who tdie comparatively ' y6?!an eid who :over tool tio pa oIea of" ! the .,.rem?sm b ibrdon, prd ,. , ;' for wive ,r i al er olsild' h br ¼ssig·? " sit of all propotion to thtt amount pf ashd paid in, nand their ho nl prbfit SIn the form of loss to the cocmpany .iust be bornoehy thoseo who rse fymvoured or Sblessored with groiater longoevity, but who: .in their turn :have noveitholohes in, ;, V. hth" ,I t,.o: Q, - world has over known, In the case of insurance against fire the most intijmate acquaintance with the death rate of aciy or every country in the world wo~ld be no guide in estimating fire risks. Death is certain to all,"'the young may die : the old must ;" and thoughl there is not the same kind of certainty about fires and its concomitant losses, yet they do occur. Whether by. accident, carelessness or intention, they are more amenable to precautionary measures, and if met in the early stage by proper appli ances the loss is reduced to a minimum, but otherwise the loss of property is ruinous in the extreme to the person, family or town, and if of life also the loss is irreparable. It will be within the recollection of many residents that there has been not less than three attempts made to establish a fire brigade in the town of Kiama, and it goes without saying, we ,think, that a local provision of the kind is of greater necessity here than in ninety. nine towns out of every hundred carry. ing the same population in the colony of New South Wales,. And, from the nature of the majority of the buildings that have gone up of late years the nccosity of a fire extinguishing ap paratus has increased many-fold, On the first occasion the fire insurance com panies of Sydney were communicated with, when many of them not only furnished much useful information, but those who had risks in the town offered to.subscribe liberally. Pretty muehthe same ground was traversed on the second occasion and with similar results" Ionly that the offers of pecuniary help was by no means, so liberal, while on the third occasion nothing was done beyond writing to the Sydney insurance officee for such informa tion as theo 'townspeople already possessed, and no further acnotion was. taken. But the real causes of failure were threefold (1) The small lamount of interest taken in the move. tnent by men of property who presum. ably would be most benefitted (2) the large amount of capital required for engine, hose, buckets, premisees, &o;,, and (I) the total absence of an.efflient and coevenient supply of water, with out which,' as we all know, the best and most modern applia~ces would he value. less, It is said "conlpetitionis the life of trade," and were it!not for healthy tompetilion, fire and '?ife premiums would be highe than are B t there is room fo two opinmos hee, and we hold that tw'o companis, one for e1ch department, worked oii, the co. operative principle, would be unl to' all the business in the colons T~ho management would be, less expensive and, the premiums correspondingly lower, This part of the general quos. tion is, however, somewhat outside our present object, which is to point outthe necessity and value of a good supply of s?lring water for domestic use, and re. duoing fire risks. There are few towns of its elsie that have ?better private supplies of rain water stored in corrugated and underl ground tanks, though not available for extinguieshing fires at a distance, flaushing drains or water tables, and for such uses it would require pumping to a higher elevation for the ~iurpose. Nor is rain water regarded ac being equal to spring water for drilnking and domestio uses, So that spring water supplied by gravitation with a pressure of from twenty to forty pounds to the square inch, sufmcieont to throw an effeootive stream of water over the highest buildings in the town, ex. cept the very few placed.on the highest points, and. hydrants to the main8 where necessity and convenience sug. geiat, the town might gain in sanitation, improved health, saving of property, redtlotion of fire premiums, and general soneteeniees more than an equivalent for the beoat. Indeed it would be hard to imagine atlty iniproaveoment ,within such easy reachll; that would more effe?ootually popularise the place we all love, and aesist in its pcrmatinatlt doeve: lopment,?.(Sone bpposition may un. fortunately arisetfrom the fact that the idea did~not originate .with the civio fathere, Tis, however, would be too small to be good, and savour too much of the Japanese ghost at the Wayverley olectlon, But the grentest objection to the scheme will be found in the present indobtednoess 'of the Council, and the obh joetion, if not horror, the ratopayors would fool at increasing it,. So that all the advantages as well as a reliable estimate of the dost must be laid before them when they 'are asked to decide the all important. question,. A wonderful factor' in this decision will be the receipt or non.receipt of revoniie from tho.pub. lie streets in private occupatldin, and if the formier is'madoe cebrtain by tlheo unitoed'n action of: the Council, and with. dut unnoceosary lose of tinoe is made an 6if'sot against our present idobftednose, the slhall impost 'ohi ouirselves and oir posterity for a water supply, which will be a publio bobn nd adns lasting: nas,the Iills, will ~ee with aoorul acesep 