ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, APRIL 17. 1890. AGRICULTURAL CO-OPERATION. Professor Sheldon, nut hoi' of a book on British dairying, und a voluminous and populur writer on agricultural topics in the press of the United Kingdom, has been deploring in a recent, article the want of co operation among English fanners. The want of co opera- tion among farmers in this district is a subject on which we have often had occasion to comment. Our agricul- turists it would almost appear have inherited the stolid immobility of their class in Britain. Funning is in a depressed condition in tile old country, and Professor Sheldon sees Utile hope of improvement till the farmero have begun to realise the benefits of combina- tion. All through the chapter," lie says " the great fault of British farmers luis been the disinclination, and, in not a few instances, their incapability of co-operation for mutual and combined advantages. All ellorts to induce llicni to combine have met with comparative failure. Among the most 1 recent of these was an attempt by one of the large railway companies to tempt farmers to co-operate together iti the despatch of farm products, so ns to ! enable the company to reduce tito rates of carriage on the basis of bulk. A thousand farmers were interviewed, and the inquiries, it is stated with a melan ? choly tone, " furnished another proof of tho fixed determination which at pre- sent exists in the mind of the average British farmer that even for the sake of getting Iiis produce car- ried to the market at less cost, he will enter into no sort of com- bination with Iiis neighbour by which the character and extent of his business can become known." Intense selfishness, or a conservative disposition to conceal his own alla irs from the observation of his neighbour lies at t he root of the impassiveness which bars thc progress of thc British farmer. " It might reasonably have been ox ! pectcd," Professor Sheldon remarks, "that the thickening gloom of de- pression since the year 1880 would ¡lave had the effect of drawing farmers together for mutual assistance ; but itally they seem to be the only class of our people who have not learnt and taken to heart the proverb about the bundle of sticks." Having commented on the waste and want of success which lias attended tho individualistic system, Professor Sheldon gives thc following pregnant warning : - '. Tho dniry farmers of tho British Islands who make butter and cheese, and who intend to go on making them, may be assured that nine out of ten of them are in imminent danger of being swamped by foreign competition, unless they adopt co-operation as a means of improving the quality, and securing the regularity of their products--regularity, that is to say, of character, type, and attractiveness." "The Danes have made great havoc willi our butter in- dustry ; they have done this by the aid of cooperation. The smoked bacon, which the Danes are uow sending over to us, rivals the best that is produced in the .South of Engknd or anywhere else, and it is coming in at a price which is favourable to the consumer, but not so to the producer of bacon in this country." Enough surely has been quoted lo show one of the great causes of depression in English agricul- ture, and the means which should be resorted to for its removal. It will be admitted by all who take an intelligent and practical interest in agriculture in this district, that our farmers are in danger of becoming sufferers from the same want of enterprise and the spirit of co-operation. English farmers are beginning lo wake up lo (he advantages of co-operation. Irishmen, in this .natter, have set them tm excellent example. Creameries have been estab- lished in many localities, and announce- ment s are made about the opening of new factories in the Green Isle. .More than the teaching of professors, however eloquent, the mnrcli of events will tend lo carry English farmers to wnrds co-operation, and show their relatives in these colonies that suc- cess in the great producing industry will only be achieved by sindhi1' means. From oilier sources we learn how mutters agricultural are moving on the Continent of Europe, and thc knowledge acquired is pregnant with significance. In France, in Germany, and in Scan- dinavia co-operation is being extended in all directions. A process of differen- tiation is going on accompanied with remarkable results. France has become the theatre of operation of rurnl syndi- cates to thc advantage of the numerous producers. These syndicates are the business ninniigers of 0,000,000 small freeholders. The latter on an average are owners of ten cows. ''As a rule," we are told, " the French farmer joining a syndicate luis on nu average but two or three cows." This shows lim feasability of co- operation even willi large numbers, for we learn that a considerable increase of agricultural production is noticeable in France. Tho agricultural syndicates, which is but another name for co-opera- tive associations, have rendered most efficient service by democratising or socialising the purchase of manures. By offering large orders they tempt merchants to sell at the lowest rates. Feeding stuffs are also acquired in the same way, and I he results of the system are apparent in tho cheaper price paid for tho articles, in the im- proved condition and productiveness of the cows, and in thc enhanced fertility of the lund. The average yield of the laud has been increased by quite 12 per cent. These co-operative associations have taught French farmers "to save and to gain at ni. turn their varied occupation. Farmers buy in common, they work in common, they combine to replant their devastated vine-yards, or else to raise up dairying as a new industry on the plains which thc vine has ceased to occupy, and they already sell in common-in some cases to con- siderable advantigc." What may per- haps be regarded as thc selfish, in- dividualistic feeling interferes somewhat with the selling ; each producer is anxious to secure the full recompense for his toil. " Combined purchase has everywhere answered exceedingly well." " Some good has been done in combined rearing and selling of horses, cattle, and sheep ; co-operat ion has generally helped to improve the breeds. Small culti- vators have derived material advan- tage from the co-operative employment of machinery and implements, from large steam thrashing machines, down to drills, chaff-cutters, root-pulpers, sub- soiler, chain-harrows, and horse hoes." Co-operation is increasing in Germany, and Scandinavia, where the system of selling in common is better managed than in France. Now, these facts seem to bc pregnant with meaning for our farmers. The prominent lessons they seem to teach are that they must be prepared to combine and co-operate in all branches of the agricultural in- dustry. Only in that way will they be able to compete in the British market with the farmers of other countries ; and only in that way, it may appear, will they bc able to hold their own against the introduction of foreign produce into'tliis country. Farmers to the south of us have improved their circumstances by co-operation, and whether those in Central Queensland should follow their example is a matter of particular and general interest to farmers and the community at large. Mr. Nelson has promised that the reform of the electoral law will be taken up by the Government in this Parliament, and it is to he hoped the repeal of the contingent vote clauses of the present Act will be included in that reform. That vole was devised and passed for partisan purposes. A bye-elcction had been held in Bundaberg, when there were two Ministerial candidates oud one Labour candidate, and the latter slipped in between the two former. On this solitary instance Mr. Barlow brought forward bis contingent vote, and tho Government took it up and passed it. There have now been two general elections held under it, and in only one case wus the first result of the poll altered hy the coutingent vote. That was thrco years ago, when Mr. Hodgkinson was deteatetl for Lockyer hy Mr. Armstrong. In every oilier case in that general election, and in every case without exception in the election ju't closed, the counting of the contingent vote left the candidates just where they were ; it slightly reduced or increased thc leud of thc wiuncr, but in no instance did it pul him out and his opponent in. Vet iu a -good number of élections there were several candidates standing in the same interest. For all practical purposes tho contingent has thus been proved to be thc fifth wheel iu the electoral coach. On that ground alone it might fitly fie abolished. Hut with nothing to say in its ftvour, there are two serious charges to be made ugainst it. There is no doubt it confuses voters, who look very much uskance at it, and in many instances refuse to usc it lest they make their ballot papers invalid. Voting canuot be roo simple, for lhere aro alw ays people ready for their own purposes to suggest difficulties which du nul exist, as witness the discredit- able attempt in thc election herc to muke voters believe plumping was iilegul. Chat is the ti rat charge ugainst the vote-it tends to confusion ; uud thc second is that it mu.liplies candidates. With the contingent vote iii operation a vain or ambitions man, u ho realty has no chance, will ye', offer him- self, and, pointing to tile contingent vote, decline lie is not endangering thu chances of some candidate of his own party. Thus in thc Conk election decided on Saturday there were three candidates, thc Ministerial, tito Labour, and au Independent candidate. The latter was much more in harmony with the Ministerial than thc Labour representative, and if there hud been no con- tingent vote hu would iu ali probability have hesitated to stand less he should thereby put thc Labour candidate in. But with thc contingent vote he could say that he would take his oulBide chance fur what it was worth : he would lint thereby imperil the Beat lo tho Ministry, for IIÍB supporters would all be asked io vote contingently for the Mini- sterial candidate. The re suit shows he hud no chance, ihe Ministerial cuudidatc was at the top of the poll both in tim primary vote and also willi the ccnliiigcnl vote counted. So thc only effect of thc vote in this çonsli tuency was to .cmpt into ihe field a man who never had thc slightest chance of being returned. Thus lhere arc 1 wo positive evils arising from tho couting'.iit, vote-the con- fusion it causes in the mind of lin: voter, aud the temptation it offers lo tuen without a ghost ot u chance tn stund for election ; and against these there is no advantage at all to lin claimed for it. 