Our Qhrst-steps- By E. S. M. ' They are only the ghost-steps, uncle ; you need not move.' ' Ghost-steps ! Nonsense, my det-r.' He halted a moment, looking at me in amazement; then went to the door to let in, as he thought, my father and mother. They were rather late, and we were sitting up for them. They had only gone out for a rubber of whist at the Murray's, two paddocks away. and Uncle Will had arrived from up count? y in, their absence. He came back with the amaze ment intensified on bis sunburnt, genial face. - ' What's the meaning of it? I heard steps on the gravel, I'm certain. Didn't you ?' ' Of course I did, but I told you those were only the ghost-steps. I know them quite well ; we all do now from our own 6teps or any one else's.' ' But — my dear Nellie ! I thought you were a sensible girl.' ' Wait a hit, you'll hear them again.' He sat down, and we went on with our chess, but he made foolish moves, and in five minutes up he started again. ' Do you mean to tell me those are not steps? I tell you, it's your 'father's step. I'd know it anywhere.' ' I assure you it is not my father's step, and you may as well sit still.' He sat and listened for a knock at the door, but no knock came. ' How long have you heard these steps r' ' Oh, ever 6ince we came here almost.' ' I didn't hear anything of tbem when I was down before.' ' Unless we are quiet of course we don't hear them, and I suppose you never happened to be as quiet as we have been to-night, for instauce. We have got rather proud of tliem ourselves. It's romantic to have a harmless ghost of this kind attached to a house. It's an old house, too, for Australia, but we didn't think it would have been old enough to keep a ghost.' Uncle laughed, and bent his head over the board. 'Pawn -u passant, young ladv. I for bid.' ' * But again the steps sounded, heavy, but this time they were slower and half faltering. He rushed as noiselessly as he could to the door. I followed. Only clear, still moonlight on tbe wide 6wetp of gravel, and not a sound but h:s own hurried breathing. He looked this way and that, then started for a 'tour of investigation round the end of the house, behind a rosehedge, round loquat trees and orange bushes, then back to the verandah where I stood. - ' What does it mean, chiid ? Is it One of the boys?' V f ' No, Ihey are fast asleep. We don't know what it is. It may be an echo from the road.' ' Why, the road is half a mile away.' ' No, it takes a turn and runs round that rise in front. You can see a glimpse here and there between the trees.' ' But I heard the crunching of the gravel here close under a good heavy step.' ' Hark ! Here it is again.' There it came slowly up the drive while we listened breathlessly, nearer and nearer till the sounds were within three feet of where we stood. A heavy, unhappy, tread it seemed. There it ceased, and as we lis tened we heard the gate open and shut, and the sound of voices. It was flesh and blood this time. ' Hullo, John, old man. What's this humbug about a ghost ?' ' Oh, only some echo, I suppose. When did you turn up ? Why didn't you 'wire and be met ?' ' Well, I'd no notion of coming just now, but I had to meet Maemillan in Albury, and thought I'd run down for a day or two as it's Christmas time. I cau stay over Monday if you're not full.' Of course not-. Has Nellie given you anything to eat ?' ' If she hadn't she'd have had a bad time of it.' ' Come in tlen, or sit down here on the veran dah and let's have a smoke. Ma won't have smoking iu the house.' Monday was New Year's Day, and Sunday had been very hot. It made it an easy matter to sit up and see the old year out, for indoors it was stifling. Alice and George Brock had come over, and the boys had taken chairs out on to the gravel for my father and mother and Uncle Will. We younger ones had takea cushions and camped on the g^ass under a white cedar. But it seemed too hot under the heavy branches, and we got up and began to stroll down the drive. The old folks were discussing tbe ghost. The steps were in evidence to- night, and Uncle Will had twice started and stopped talking at the sound. He stared at the gravel as though he thought to see some one or something appear from below. He had watched the previous evening at one spot and another, and had traced the steps to the garden gate, and some distance down the avenue that wound through the wattle paddock outside the garden, but could find nothing to account for them. Indeed the echo theory, which had beeu rather satisfactory to us, had collapsed under the scrutiny. An echo there might be against a stone house, but an echo would not be likely to travel along a winding avenue with an equal strength at all points. As we j came up to the group my mother was 6aying — ' Did you hear, Joht, what Jane asked me this morning ? ' ' I heard her come to the door, but I was half asleep, and I didn't hear what she said.' ' She asked how many she was to lay breakfast for. I told her for Will extra, and she said, 1 1 thought the people that came in the night might have stayed.' I told her no one had come in the night ; but she said, and persisted in it, that a lady and gentleman had come in a buggy about 12 o'clock, she thought, and had driven round to the front. She thought they were expected, and that the gate was open for them, for she say s they drove straight through 'without pidling up. You know ehe can see the drive from her window where it winds round outside the first gate.' ' She was dreaming,' said Dad. ' The gate wasn't open, was it ? ' ' It wasn't open this morning ; I went down to see as soon as I was dressed.' ' Why didn't you tell me?' ' Well, you know it puts you out hearing of these curious things.' ' I should think it did, such ridiculous non sense.' Uncle Will smiled at his sister ; indeed I'm afraid he winked and- they let the subject. There are moments when it is as well not to argue. We strolled on, not straight to the gate, but making a detour all round the lawn. The path merged again into the drive just in front of the gate. We -were nearing the gate when we heard the sound of wheels outside in the wattle paddock. A moment more and a buggy came in sight, and in it a lady and gentleman. The man's was a handsome face, but distorted with rage, the lady's was pale and set with tenor and abject misery, but young and sweet- looking nevertheless. George Brock was walking in front with me Alice and Jim were only a few feet behind. ' Why, pere are your midnight visitors again,' said George.' ' Who in the wide earth can they be? Hold hard, sir. I'll open the gate.' We were not ten yards off it, and he ran for ward, but — it seems almost incredible to write — before he reached it, horse, buggy, and occupants passed through the gate, as though there were nothing in the way, and drove rapidly by, evi dently, seeing nothing of us, though we stood on tbe white ground in full moonlight, and on up to the front of the house. George turned round his face, ashy white — I never knew before what ashy white meant— and simply staggered back to where wc stood, all of us half-paralysed by the shock. ' Good heavens!' ' gasped Jim, then, with one blank look at each other, we followed tbe phan tom as fast as our shivering limbs would carry us. A horrible sound ! What was it? We were actually shivering with cold, though a fierce hot wind was blowing. Our elders in front of the house were much in the same state. We looked for the buggy — there was none ; not a trace of it, nor of man or woman either. ' Where are they !' I managed to say faintly as I took hold of Uncle Will's arm. Dad shook his head. They all stood grasping their chairs, which they had seized to dra r ont o the way. My mother was the first to command voice enough to tell us that they had seen it coming, and hastily tried to get out of the way, When, as they thought they were under the horse's feet, all hal vanished. ' The driver pullei up in front of the door just where we were sitting, as though he did not see us, and then — ' 'All disappeared in a moment,' said Uncle Will. - ' No, Will ; no. You must have seen that he pushed the poor dear out. She fell under the wheel and tbe horse started on, and she was crushed. Then all was gone in a moment. But her groan ! Didn't you hear it?' turning to up. Yes we had heard it. It rang in our ears still. ' Hear it ?' said Uncle Will. ' Good God, I hone I shall never hear 6uch another. What's the good of thinking of it r There's nothing to be done but leavt this place, and you'll do tbat to-morrow, John, if you take uiv advice. Lei's go in.' Still no word from Dad, but his colour wa? get ting more natural. - 'Did you see the pc or thing's face ?' said my mother. ' Come in, I say,' said Dad in a voic'3 meant for thunder, but so hoarse and queer it almost mads as laugh. The spell was broken. ' A Happy New Year to you a'l,' sang out the cheery voice of Mr. Macdonald, and his burly figure never hove in sight at a more welcome moment. He dragged out of his pockef, a bottle of cham pagne, and out of the others a bottle of whisky. ' It's for luck, you know, an old Scotch custom. No offence, I hope. The first that sets foot in tbe house on the new year must bring a present for luck, and these were the first things I could lay hands on . ' And, by George, you all look as though you wanted some. WLat on earth is the mitter? Bad news ? Well, come into the house and have a nip. You'll excuse me, Mrs. Reed. Now I go first. No one has been in before me, I suppose- - no visitor.' 'No, certainly, no one,' said Dad, finding a still hoarse voice. Thank heaven our unearthly^ .visitors had not done that. ' Come iu, come in. Uncommon glad to see you, Mac. Get glasses, Jim. I supiose Jane is in bed.' ' The ladies and the boys can have the cham pagne, and we'll have the whisky, we old fogies. It's like cream, I can tell you.' We took our nips and were thaukful, every one of us, and Mr. Macdonald went on : ' Now, what's the matter. Y ou all looked as though you'd seen the ghosts of Wilton and his wife.' 'That's just what we have seen,' said Uncle Will, ' and I tell, John. I wouldn't stay another day in tbis place.' ' ' No, you don't mean it ! I've beard them say it's seen, but of course it's all rubbish.' ' I'm sorry to say it is not all rubtish.' 'Oh, come now, Mr. Jennings, you're trying to take a rise out of me ; eh, Reed r ' and be looked at my father. Dad shook his head. 'We've just seen what passes my comprehension, at any rate.' ' And what did you 6ee ?' The scene was described, Mr. Macdonalo's face growing longer and longer. 'That is just as . it happened, anyhow,' he said in great astonishment. ' It's most extraordi nary, but that's just how it happened. Wilson's man was waiting to take the horse and saw it all, and told it just so at the inquest. It's close on 20 years ago, long before any of you came to the colony. ' Wilson was a brute, no doubt about that, a son of J. T. Wilson, you know, and he only married her to get bis father to pay his debts. Sweet young thing she was, too, much loo good for him. Had her choice of anyone almost, but set her heart on bim. ' But, man alive, I find it hard to believe a thing like this,' he went on. ' The Almighty couldn't let that poor girl be doomed to baunt this spot for years, and be murdered over and over again. Where'd be the justice of that ? 'Twas through no fault of hers.' And the good man rubbed his chin. ' I like to think,' put in Alice Brock (she was a very sensible girl), ' that these things are only a reproduction of the scene by some kind of mental photography, and that the souls of these people may be at rest, knowing noth-ng of all we have seen.' ' I shoald like to think it might be so, my dear,' said Dad, ' but I don't see how.' ' Sounds impressed on the phonograph are re produced any number of times. Why not scenes imprinted on surroundings in some at present unexplained way. and to sight as well as sound ? There are those who say it is so, and it is not unthinkable, to say the least.' ' But what of the steps we hear so often ? ' ' Oh, the story is,' said Mr. Macdonald, ' that it's the poor girl's father. She was the apple of his eye, the only child, and they say he was not easy about her before it happened, and used to come up here of a night to see that all was well.' ' And what was done to the husband ?' ' What could be done. It was an accident after all. Bui, strange to say, his horse threw him a few days after, and he died within a week ' of his wife. You liught call it retribution. I don't know. It's very little we know of these things, but I like Miss Alice's idea. It's awful to think the other thing.' We all liked Alice's theory, and felt a sense of relief in it, but Dad gave notice next day never theless. One such New Year's Eve was enough. Anyone can see through people who make spec tacles of themselves. Mr. George Grossmith is returning to the stage. He will make his return in a new and original comic opera, in which a part has been expressly written for him. The composer of the new opera is Sir Alexander Mackenzie. 