Mysterious Manifestations. Ill their endeavours to draw tbe mysteries of occultism within the category of science, learned mon in all parts of tbe world are collecting ghost Btorio3 and tales of weird adventure, just r-s they gather their specimens of terrestrial nature. The great medium through which tLeae inquiring minds leceive most of their testimony is the London Society for Psychical ^Research, which keeps posted oil unusual occurrences in all countries. Tbe writer, aD American associate of the Hociety, who ha? access to the records, Las aftlanterl aaoavnl ofunnnn ftauaa »a_ ru,cv''l-u cu;c'wi ported, which will be food for thought during tbe long v.in'er ni.'jhfs. A young lady of excellent connections in England was ni&ying; with her Bister, the wife o£ Lrrd ? . One afternoon she took a photograph of the lord'a library. It being nn interior view, riquir ng a long exposure, she wen tout of the room for a few minutes, leaving the cap off her camera. Although no one vi as , in the room with her -when the picture was taken, upon the de»elopment of the negative, about, a year afterward he was greatly sur prised to find that the head and body of an elderly bearded gentleman appeared in the picture, comfortably seated in an old high back chair which beloDgtd in the room One arm rented on tbe arm of the chair, but the other as well as his legs were invisible. The photograph wai afterward' shown to a lady, who recognised it kb resembling a near rela -fc've of hers — another lord — who, strange, to say, once owned tbe house in which the view was taken. When asked when tbe room bad been photographed, the young lady bad for gotten. On referring to her notebook, how ever she found a new shade of mystery added to the affair, for the date proved to be the date of the latter lord's funeral. Several well-known psychic researchers have ex amined into the case. The young lady is positive that the plate bad not been exposed before. The only men in the house at the time, were her younger brother, a butler and two footmen — all of whom are positive they did not enter tbe library, ill of them, how ever, are young men aud beardless. The lady was not aware that tbe old lord was be ing buried on that day. On comparing the hour marked in her notebook, with that on bis funeral notice, it was found that the plate was exposed later. But, strangely again, it ie found that the funeral was post poned to make connections with a special train and that the hours exactly coincided. This case came to light only a few weeks ago Equally curious is a case occutiing in Mor gan county, Tennessee. A doctor and his wife were stnying with the wife's parents at the latter's farm. All four slept in one large room containing two beds. ' The women soon fell asleep, but the men, being wakeful, lay talking for some time. Suddenly tlieir np peared at tl e foot of tbe doctor's bed a strange picture, as though thrown there by a magic lantern. The scene was a landscape which the doctor proceeded to describe to his fatfcer in-law, the latter being unable to distinguish anything except the bare wall, dimly lighted by' a low fire in an open grate. There waB a liver and a creek emptying into it at right angles. From the description the farmer recognised the scene aB a spot Bome miles away. Suddenly a log-cabin appeared in an open field upon one of the banks. Its details were mentioned by the doctor and his host told bim that it was a familiar cabin, occupied by a coloured man in the place mentioned be fore. Tbe old farmer was surprised as tbe doctor continued. Each scene appeared to tbe beholder to change as soon as fully des cribed. The cabin door waB closed. Next tbe doctor thought he heord tbe muffled sound of a gun, inside. The door flew open and a man runhed out in great excitement. A man witbiu naB staggeriug toward the door, with blood trickling from his mouth. He at last stumbled out of tbe door, leaving a bloody hand-print on the facing. In tbe next picture tbe doctor said be could distinguish the form of the m.tn lying prostrate on the ground, while crowded around with liim were several farmers with hoes and pick-axes in their hands At this point the strange viai-ynn ceased lo appear. Tbe experienced greatly BurpTiferi the two men, a'id before tbey went t' sleep they concluded that something had happened or was about to happen at the house of the colored man mentioned. Several dayB afterwarda the farmer and tbe doctor were driving to a neighbouring town, where they met this same colored man mentioned, who immediately asked him if they bad heard of a tragedy which had occurred at the Cibin : ' the di y before. The colored nun then pro ceeded to relate how a friend bad come there borrowed a gun, blown down the barrel and accidentally exploded it, Bhooting himself throi):-)' ihe head. TJpon inquiry eve ry detail of the picture .apparitions had been cr-.rned out, »-tvh in i he bloody hand- print. Further, the t Ktitri' Tiy of the doctor and tho farmer ? have been «imn as well as of several other persons who had heatd ths visions fully lelated before the tragedy occurred. A man who was in the house at tbe time of the Miicide, --ncl when proved to be the same who m tbe tision ran out of tbe door in great czcitement, after tbe gunshot, ulso collabo rated th' ttrange similarity between the pic ture visions as afterwards told to him, and the actual happening. The case of 'Dr. Jtkyll and Mr. Hyde' is suggested by a Wyoming man described by Profeoeor Slosson, of Wyoming Uni versity, to Professor Games, of Harvard, as bpvini? an ' alternatine nereonalitv.' Like tho creature of Stevenson, be had two en tirely diffo/ent characters — tbe good and the bad. In his Jekyll state be is described as conscientious, sober, industrious, and Bedate. He is fond of reading and a prominent member of Slie oburch. In his Hyde state, ?y 1 . whicli comeH on every few months, lasting for li week or more, be is described as avaricious, impatient, and subject to fits of anger. He ? sings low songs, rofuses to go to church, is exceedingly moody, and bewails his fate ? because he is poor. In each phaso be re ^ members only what happened to him when in tho corresponding condition before. In other words, liiii life is in two parts, each composed of intftmptel chapters, intermingled. One ?summer d»y, while in tbe Hyde phase, he began mowing grass. The next morning, . although the mowing waB unfinished, he awakened and found himself transformed ' into 'Jebyl!.' He could not be persuaded ' that be had begun the work. What he re membered as yesterday was the day somo months before when he had gone through his ? ' former transition. Although assured that he i ^ v ; bad UBi.d bi« Hcytbe the day previous, he was ' unablo to find it. It renmiued lost until one ' ? cold dav in the late fall when be turned again into ' iiyde.' He then remembered tho mowing as having been left half finished the day before, and whsn he found bis scythe was surprised to discover tint tbe ground was frozMi and tbe grnsB dead. This waB only one of the idiosyncrasies mentioned in bis description. An Episcopal clergyman writes that bis fatber, when a schoolboy, had a strange dream which the former and his sister had often heard the old gentleman relate. In the dream be saw in the parish church a tablet upon which was inscribed his full name, the date of his birth and tbe day and month, but not the year of his death. There was always some uncertainty in hiB mind about the month of his death, however, that in tbe dream being either ' June 9' or ' January 9' he was never quite able to distinguish which. Tbe old gentleman related bis belief that be would really die on one or the o her of th?se two dates, Many years elapsed and nothing occurred to recall tbe dream until his eldest son, tbe minister's brother, was taken ill and died on June 9 of a certain year. On account of this fulfil ment the fatber ever afterward believed that his son's death wbb tbe one forewarned and hip mind rested much easier. On January 9, however, several years ago, according to the minister, the old man himself passed away. Nothing waa thought of the coincidencc at the time, snd it was not discovered until some time afterward. ThuB the uncertainty be tween the two months appears to have fore warned both sad events. The clergyman's Bister corroborates his testimony iu every de tail. A celebrated psychic researcher, living in England, reports -a weird case occurring to a friend of his. A few years ago she was staying in Paris with a relative of hers, a very distinguished lawyer and a man of ex celient physique and handsome face. He was slightly ill at the time, and there was no other persons but him and her Btaying in his apartments. He had retired early, and she was alone in a room deeply occupied in translating an article from a Erench paper into English. She was absorbed in her work, and had not previously worried over her relative's health. Without raising her eyes, she noticed the room door slowly open, and thinking that be bad changed his mind and returned, she continued her translation and began to talk with him. Receiving no reply, she looked up and beheld an awful sight. Staggering into the room moved a figure, ih likeneeB of her relation, apparently in the last stages of imbecility. He had shrunken to half his height, bis legs seemed pa- rlyzed and unable to support his emaciated form. His ex pressionlees face was drawn, his jaw was dropped, and his e-es beamed in a hideous, vacant stare. The phantom continued to stagger across the room, groped for the handle of a door, looked around at her several times, and then, opening the door, tumbled itself into the next room and disap peared. E/ozen with horror, the women hurried to her relative's room where she found bim calmly asleep, with no semblance of tbis fearful personality upon his features. Shortly afterward he began to grow worse, paralysis and softening of the brain set in, and when laBt heard from, only a montb or two ago, he was confined in a private hospi tal, continuing to develop into a real being resembling the ghastly visitor which appeared to forewarn his condition. Another strange cose ia tbafc of a man who appears to have inherited memories of placeB familiar to his ancestors, but never viewed by bis own eyes. In childhood, he relates, he was much given to day-dreaming. Two of these visions, in particular, continued to haunt him for many years. One waB of a large village with rising plains and wood lands in the background. He distinctly saw a bridge, a church, a park, and many other detaile, all photographed indelibly upon bis mind's eye. Another was of a large town, situated by the sea-shore. The houses were built along tbe shore, iu terraces, one above the other, and as in the former ca«e, there were numerous other points of landscape all clearly impressed upon his memory. While in college be was sent by bis mother to visit a town, out in tLe country which he had never seen before. He bad never heard much concerning it, nor had it ever been described to him. It had been the | home of his ancestors for several generations, | and was the scene of a part of his mother's childhood On reaching it he was amszed to discover that it was the town which he had often seen reflected before him in the first vision described. There was the same landscape, the same bridge, the same church, and tbe same park. Although he had expectf-d to see an entirely different village, everything at first sight was quite aB familiar ns though he had spent his childhood there. Several years ago this same young man trav elled to another town, where more of his mothei'a ancestors had dwelt. To his aatonis ment, the other dream was realized. He saw the same sea-shore which had haunted him since childhood, the same terraces, and the same houses. This was his first visit to the place, and again tbe real appearance of the spot was vastly different from bis anticipa tions. Tot he felt perfectly at home, as in the former case, and was able to find his way around as well as though be bad often been there before. Waa it possible that he inheri ted these recollections from his ancestors just as he might their traits of character ? 