Gossip. ' Which came first into the world, the hen or the egg ? ' That was the question that puzzled a lot of us in a Young Men's Literary and Debating : Society. The only fellow who knew the answer was the chap who said I that ' God created the hen first, and it laid the egg.' That answer ought to have settled the question, but some of us had been studying a good deal, and we just knew enough about evolution to not believe anything. That's generally the way with a young fellow when he firsc starts off in the direction of learning. He learns a little bit, and that makes him start to break up the gods that his father and mother worshipped. When he comes to study deeply and find out how much he doesn't know and never will know, and science can't teach him, then he goes out into the yard to pick up the broken gods ; but he can never put them together again, no matter how he tries. It's a sad thing to look back on the wild, unholy aspirations of red-hot youth, in the first frenzy of newly-acquired know ledge. Some of us grow old, still clinging to the stupid dogmas of an earlier day ; but these only serve — ' To show How the gulf stream of our youth may flow Into the arctic regions of our lives When little else than life survives.' Some of us young fellows knew enough of Darwin's theory to know that the hen is the product of an evolutionary force, but we didn't know enough to understand the deep and awful mystery of the aubjeet that opened out before us in what seemed a somewhat silly question. If any man can answer that question for you he knows a lot ; but what set me thinking about it was this : I was travelling in the train one morning. We had stopped at some weary little road-side station, where people live out their little lives in love and hate and strife, and all manner of emotional ways. As I lay, wondering who lived there and how they lived, , there came the loud, masterful crowing of a cock, and it carried my mind back to years and years ago. I was a small boy, just starting out to see the world, and we had anchored off the coast of Java, not far from a Malay village. When the day broke the cocks in the village began to crow as lustily as ever they had done in my boyhood's home, and it sent a strange thrill of familiar sound through my whole body. As I lay in the train and listened to the rooster crowing in an Australian barn-yard it filled me with all kinds of weird thoughts. The hen is a common, every-day, no account sort of a bird, except for eggs, but the cock has been one of the most important actors in the world's history. Everywhere you come across the rooster in song and story. One of my earliest views of the bird came from that wonderful recitation — ' This is the cock that crowed in the morn, That wakened the priest all shaven and shorn, That married the man all tattered and torn To the maiden all forlorn,' etc. You know the rest of it, don't you 1 There was a barn-yard rooster that made a deep impression on the Apostle Peter, and filled a big page in a record that will never die, but there's more wonderful yarns than thatv You take the Moslem religion. I'd like to have the chance to tell you about it, but life's too short. In it the rooster fills an important place. The Prophet Mohammed was the founder of the religion, and once went to heaven. He came back, too, and told his followers all .about it, and they believed him. You see, dear gossips, I'd like to knock off and tell you about the Prophet, but that would add to the many sins I've com mitted in starting one yarn and finishing another, so I'll hang on to the one story. Mohammed, the Prophet of God, was carried away in a vision of the night to the golden city which lies far away across the river of death. There he met the holy men of old, Adam and Noah, Moses and Solomon, and the ones whose names will shine forever in the scroll of the mighty dead. He held converse with them all, and I'd like to stop and tell you about the yarn he had with Moses. Mohammed said he was going to get his people to pray ever so often, every day. Moses said he'd better not try it, because they wouldn't do it. He had tried with the Israelites and couldn't get them to pray once a day. But Mohammed was a strong man, and hung on to his ideas, and good Moslems pray five times a day, now, and some of them seven times. They are real pious, I tell you. The Moslems believe that there are seven heavens, and Mohammed told a lot about what went on in the first one. It was a queer place, of vast dimensions, composed of a sort of subtle vapor. There were a whole host of angels about, some watering the clouds, some singing hymns, but all busy at something or other — if you call singing hymns being buay. In the midst of the heaven he saw a cock of such a va9t size that its head touched the second heaven. The distance of that was as great and as incomprehensible as tbe distance of the first heaven from the earth. Yet that bird was so exceedingly tall that its head was up to the floor of the second heaven. Now everybody and everything in heaven had a use. All living things had something to do, and the business of this bird was to set the time for the heavenly services. The Moslems have no bells to their churches. Instead of that they have very tall towers, minarets they call them, and at prayer time the Muezzin goes up to the tower and — but Byron puts it best — 'Hark! from the mosque the nightly solemn sound, The Muezzin's call doth shake the minaret ; There iB no god but God ! to prayer — lo ! Only God is great ! ' There are no bells in heaven to call the angels to prayer and praise so the work of the great bird was to give the signal for divine service, for heavenly matins, and as the voice of the cock filled the heaven all the angels began their song. Men 'on earth fail to hear the crowing of the heavenly bird, for their ears are gross and sensual, and deaf to holy things, but the birds of earth are wiser than we, in many things. The birds of the air and the fowls in the yard hear the crowing of the bird in Paradise that calls the angels to prayer, and they take up the note. When the day is dawning on earth the birds begin to sing, the cocks begin to crow, and all the world is full of the sweet music that had its beginning in heaven. We, with our fevered lives and our plodding ways, miss the glory of the cock-crow and fail to see the sweet significance thereof, and that because we are so very busy. Alas, that life should be so narrow with us all. We have no time to pause and catch the music of the heavens or the glories of the earbh we live in, and 'tis a pity. As I lay in the train that morning, while it was yet some hours to the station where we were to breakfast, I had time to muse on things like these, and of the weird history that has woven itself round the bird of the barn-yard. Some day (aye, ' some day,' gossips) I must tell you some more yarns about it, and there's plenty, for is it not — ' Aurora's Harbinger, At whose voice ghosts wandering here and there Troop home to churchyards ? ' 