THE BENEDIGO DEEP LEADS. About thid thme last year there were favorable indications of practical steps being taken to open up and follow the extensions to the notthward or noth- westwaM.ofvthe.Bendigodeepleads. We that the movement foil throughafter a while, the - Only evidence of it being .a few reports by< ■Mr, .Stirling, theGovernmenb geologist ■ fjFheae reports are-valaabledoouments os far as they go.. But- what is wanted Is lor practical menandmen with capital to takethebusmesf m hand/ and do with fcheßandigodedpleads what has h§en done, and is * being done, wifcV the.deepleadsofßallarat, as at GreswickandAnendale. The- outlefe' of Elysian Elat lead - has not yet - been discovered. Does it bnry itself somei; ? ~ >rf-€ where under the plains, or does it-meander round, till ft junctions with the Hunfcly deep lend beyond Bagshct? Thif bAs not h?en settled JLho plains to thb/noftli of B ’ndigc have not been dotted ond aibbled with diuH'o d dru. boroa loytbo: Ballarat district. When diamond ;Jdfib", were obtainable cheaply, wo vr'ere very ■unwise that one was not always, kept in tho Bendigo district plotting; o«b : the: ■ course of tho ; deep . - , alluvialgrouiui; under the hotvv alluvium ' of the plaW But it is better late than never. During tho present session of the Pnrlio ment we are in ’ hopes that tho mining members - will ; make o odmibioe and endokvorto' have something handsome done for the mining community. They should mot be; satisfied with a smaller vote than' fifty thousand, and Bendigo’s .share of it Would . be well expended in placing; ifcapbmeyy on one .pf ‘ theBagehot claims-: and ohdeavoring to re*6pen the long; jabandoped main, lead direction, •There is a probability, a paypblo quartz field having now "been '* proved, to exist at Bllpsmerei,., jtbtft; there -wftl lie : payable (deposits in the Hantly deep lead a.t much (further. along its course than any yot worked. Extensive denudation has of cpur.se gone on id ihe neighborhood of the Ellesmere'Reefs, mid doubtlessly in the same locality auriferous quartz country is now lying hidden under the masses of alluvium brought 1 down from . the Big Hill ranges and other parts of Bendigo. | Powerful, pumping machinery will be required. But in other respects the Hantly deep lead is one of tho easiest and least expensive to work in the colony. Two p»nny-wt ights to the load of cement should pay handsomely, but if the course of a feeder from the east OrJ wetft fs picked up beyond Bagshot the returns should be as; rich as when this vccy 'rich lead was worked higher - up at Huntly. Wo hove suggested' that if - the mijdipg members this session pluolc. up courage,, and refusing to be bluffed or cajoled by the Government, insist on a goldfields grantof-£50,000, a good part of Bendigo’S; share should’ be devoted to. tbo orection of a strong pumping plant at Lower Bagsbbt Terms will have to bo mode with the free holders for a mild ortwo ahead, and',the Minister could specify the area .for which a lease under the Mining, on; Private Property Act would he granted- under the circumstances. If this lord were re«opened there is perhaps 20 years, work in it It would mean the employment o£ at least an additional thousand miners; A thou sand more producers added to bur popula tion is equal to an addition of-six or seven thousand persona This.; would give-, a wonderful .stimulus to. trade and increase the value of real estate all . round the district. Some day we are convinced that the work will be resolutely taken in hand. But why . should wo wait for a.coming generation to.do what.we can do for our selves? If when a prospeotiog vote; is next mooted the Minister pleads that( daring the last 20 . years £800,000 has keen voted to the industry some.member should silence him with the. ropiy that of bach ounce pf gold raised in the colony between 15? and 16s finds its a ny into the consolidated revenue by direct and. : indirect taxation. Every working-man head of a family ' pays one-fifth of his earnings to the State in duties ou what he and bis eat, drink and wear, or otherwise consume. The minor gets no direct benefit from this. .If it were not that be, in cpm.mbh with other working men, have to contribute so heavily" to the revenue,he, could afford to take 20 per cent less wages .and be as well offasat present. Mr. j Foster should remember this should a , respectable prospecting vote be moved this: session. The mining members should remember it, and not be brushed aside or frightened away from their duty to their constituents by the flourishing before them of imposing arrays of figures, nor by the sneers of other cliques of members,-' who on behalf of their constituents,(having milked the State pow much,' wish to miikj some more. ■ >' / - Eohuoa, Country News, Friendly Sooie tios, Some Queer Newspapers, City Council, .and other items will he found on .our first page this morning. ■I;-'.,.-'- Fourth Paob.— The following additional reading matter will.ho found on our fourth, page this morning:—Mining Nows and Notes, .and the Jewellery Robbery at California. Gully. ' Our Supplement to-day contains tho serial tale, “ Gertrude the. Amazon," “ At the Bee--- hive,” 6y “Mosquito”; Sporting Notes by “ Coo-oo” and “ Vet”; Chess Notes by “ Gam bit” ; ’Children’s column; Agricultural.Notes and a variety of useful and entertaining read ing matter. f .To-day’s Events. —Eagleb&wk; • Engine-’ drivers, 7 p.m.; public meeting in Town Halt : ro Newcastle Strike, 7.30 p.m,; mooting : Engipedrivor8, 8 p.m.; Camellia Danoo, Odd fellows’ Hall, 8 p.m. Mining Meetings : Wil liams's United (Green),6.30 p.m.; South Who Can Tell (Beehive), 4.30 p.m.,/ ' - Religious Services will be held in the various churches to-morrow as advertised. Forfeited Shares in tho Bendigo and Cdplgardie, Delfaridge’s Freehold, Bustler's No. l.GreatExtcndotlHoroulee, North Moon, North'Old Chum, Railway Prince'(of;- Wales, Ellonborough, North Pririeo of Wales, and Sontb Prinoo of Wales Companies will he sold by auction to-day. ' Lawyers’ Fees for Work not Done.— Mr. Justice Hodges, as a raembor of tho'legal profession and ex-barrister, bad a rather deli cate matter to decide yesterday. It arose out of the case of Levy v. thoDnion Bank, and the question upon which bis Honor’s ruling waswanlod was the soundness or otherwise of the decision .of the. taxing ofiioor in dis allowing tho fee of Mr. Purvos, Q.C., who bad not pat in an appearance when the case was under discussion in the Full Court, His Honor gave it-as:his opinion that the-fee should not bo. charged,, but,was fearful pf,. breaking through; thp' good (.bid comfortable' tradition that a barrister, should ho.entitled to. neglect bis client’s case and obargo as if ho bad:attendod to it. r . The question }was,; tho judge said, undoubtedly one. of high import ance, both to.the public, .and .the pr; fessioo, ' andj .thoagh he did npt. feel himself satisfied in referring lho mtttter to th'e FuU Court, as, be . (did' not entertaiP a roasonable doubt, ho would be glad if the parties jaw their, way to do it in order to have;tho matter 'settled; Serious Bicycle ; Accident.— A rather serious' ..accident -befel the •. Rev. 'Father Moore whilst , riding -bis/-bibyolo':yesterday (morning. He was Coming doWn, View . Hill, at P good Whbn passing. tho-- Temper-, ance'Half a little, dog ran m front > of ' the machine .and tho rider was thrown heavily on bis bead. He was picked, up. in an unoon seioas plate and taken mto Mr. - W. - C. ..-But tons, chemist shop.Dr. Murphy found that the rev. gentleman .was suffering.from-concussion of the brain. There was a naslv wound on the back of his bead,- and ho was also bruised about the body, vHo remained unconscious for some time and was.removed to the Bishop's Palace. Last night be was much bettor and no serious results are'expeoted; Bt. John’s Ambulance Association.—. ■Undor lho auBpioos of the above association, .Dr. .Burke Gaffney gave a lecture at the School of Mines yesterday afternoon, entitled' First Aid.’ There was a good number of' ladies presont, and they - endeavored to to rn ember, for future use, all they oould of the doctor's discourse. , ..... The Late Cr Heinz.—Last night-tho. Hon. J. Sternberg. M.L C.. (president,of the 1 rBendigo Athletic Club) end Jdr. J.- Miohelson (secretary) presented. Mrs. C. Heinz, -. widow of tho tale Cr. G. Heinz with- .tho- following' letter oroondolGnoo:--“ro-Mrs-.--G.rHeiDZ.— ; Dear Madam 1 —Wo*redircoledby''lbo. mem bers of the Bendigo Athletic Club to . express" to- you their deepest, sympathy in the groat loss you have snstainGd hy lbo di’athr ol'yohr. l*le belovod husband, the lato 'itfayoe - (Cr, - Heinz), who. woe patron of iho olubj nnd wbo. nolwilbstanding tbe; many; other-roE8oea ho’ wos oallod oo to -fiil, ftlways- found time to interest himself in furthering .the objects of. the club; la the- v .Mr,,. HeiDZj Bot alone tho above olubjvbub the - wbo!o - of the - Bendigo district has lost asman-whb be ill -spared from ;lho/ranks;of >:pien>' Wo most earnesbly-ira«t that<ja'Knowledge, of the widespread- 'Heinz -was hoid-by (he oilizens: of will,- in 8om0 8light moa8aro, modify> , ,-tbe---8orrow of .yourself. 1 and fariliijr. Wo bflg-to remain, doer madam;' >youra Kfallhfollyf:'- Sternberg, president, D B XazXrUS, treasurer, J' A MlCHELSBNi is enclosed; jo.a'neat ailvflr framo.- 'Tbov illuminatioa. of the lellet haB'bderriVory lastefully orcouted by Mr Prank FeaVn .TnE"PiBKES, Family Grant —■Violent, pp- the New Boulh- Wales iLsgisUtl^ojAtsombly^JastTharidajrerebiog by the labor pwly and a fow -radi6al mernWs to tho proposal to : grant; tbo ana children of the bte Sic Honey . Parley- sjib-, stantiol aid from tho pabUo trOMury. _ M*- tlbid found that hit motion.-for-■ Joayo . to in-; Itodpoe a bill to givoqtlcot t6 Hw grMt. met with tho full tosoa. of tbo I'bor; cauQOB. It was 'argued Ihftt thou$aode r of > tyidowa nnd children ha* to saffar pooorjjend, that .Sir Henry Parlccs’8. family Imd no 8 po°fc» t OU'im onj Uio publlo gratitude. Finally, o'clock la ’iho morning the molion . 1$\y. e , td infcroddoe trbm-was passed by 55 vote? .to 82/ and tho HouaO adjourned. - Tub —Say* Molbdurno Table Talk; -“bot tho two blocks of land bounded by - Coll 1 a B'an d. B ourko .. etrooWj and stretching from Bwhu?.ten.te Queen «trcot8, MolbourDo/:lllo o^f»org : piid'£1073 about 60. years ago,> . Com patent oily valuators elate that tbo ealosblo pried of 1 .thatUttndis.no-T £5,331,000. During tbo JotVrvalriimod tbo oWuers have rootivid fortbo uso of .the laud alone, exclusive Of- baiIdlogB/ £7,p00,000, Tho income now derived yearly from: ~lho land ’alone is over. £250,000. blxly - yeare ago It, was £l60.”What a solid roesoB for a graduated land-tax. -y/ - 1 v;;v’'-i v Horses as Tinned Meat. remarkable allegation, was made last night in tbo Chamber o'Deputies id Belgium. Sumo of thomom bers of-iho Chamber deotarad that 6000 horses which bad been imported from England dor- • log the pail year' bad been converted 'into tinned moat for human consumption.: i‘Reply-; [ng to this complaint, M. *L"6n do'Bfuyo, tbo - Minister .of Agriculture, said- the Government would' take steps to prevent similar abuses in future by insisting on stringent branding regulations. ‘ U » A Mammoth Shepherding Gonoern. — Negotiations are on foot (the Ago seya), for embarking English capital on a Targe scale ib. Victorian mining operations. They Team that an English syndicate Is about to acquire in the Ballarat district an area of about 9COO acr.'S, on which alluvial loads have . b.*ea traced, Tbo reproientatives of tbo parlies state that they are prepared to epond £103,000 in developing the known mining to soiiroos of tbo property. It is all private land which tbo syndicate propose to obtain,and tho agents of tbo in,voetor» have jitllo doubt that they will bo abTo to secure tbo ‘permission of the Government to mine*, notwithstanding Iho largo area involved. If-proper precaution* are taken for the obyorvanoo of the labor covenants tbo-realisalion of this scheme would cause tbo employment of an-immense number of men: ; We updoretaod, that the capital it is proposed, to Invest at first; is not -Ibo.limit of the sum that may bo used in the development of' tbo properly,.and that if ..tbo prospects- warrant •tbo .expenditure,..a sum of £200,000 would' bp available-for.(be work.. Bendigo Silk Culture Association. — Tho' annual meeting for the election of-offi cers and to adopt.tbe oommittee’s report will bo hold at tho Town HaU'on Monday evening. Members ot tbo Bendigo Agricultural and. iHortiouUural Societies an'd all latorestpd'arp. 'specially invited to.attehd. . _ V, (,.r Publications. —Tho Australian Journal for June and ■ Iho M Review of Reviews” are to hand: The-latter hr freely illustrated, . The Newcastle Strike.—Mr.! Griffiths, M.P. of Now 1 South Wales;, will address a publio meeting in the old court room. Town Hall,- to-night at- 7.30, oh- matters-in: bon nootvoo with tbo coal minors’ strike, at New castle. - •' , .' ’.' ; Wesleyan Church, Kangaroo Flat.— Our-localcorrespondent writesTho3IRh an niversary -of tbo Wesleyan Church, Kangaroo, Flat, was hold- last Sunday, when'appropriate discourses were given by tbo Rave. J/Nioholson, W. Beiliss’: and A. B.Rofe. Theoongregations woro’good; and tho choir rondorod. anthems in excellent' stylo, Miss Clara Courfcior’ presiding at tbe harmonium. OoWodnosdayovoninga sacred concert was hold 'in.the Oddfellows?; Hall,' tbo usual tea meeting being'dispensed with.; Mr. W. RT Johospro t ided.' There was good* attendance, and tbo; following pro-. grammb'Was carried out in excellent style :—. Opening chorus, United Choirs ; prayer, Rov.- J. ; Nicholson ; ' secretary’s report showing satisfactory work for year, Mr, K G. Yeates; organ solo, 'Mra Johnson; duel,Mr. and.Mrs.; J. Miller ; song, Miss Barraia; recitation, Mr. J. Posood; Chorus, Kangaroo Flat. Choir; song, Mrs. Miller; duet; Mimes .Barrasa; address, -Bov. J.Nipholson; reoj tat ion P. Skilliqorn ; Jubilee Chorus, . Forest .. street, choir; dialogue, i( Bratus andCassius,” Messrs. H; Reynolds and. K G. ' Yeates ; song,. Mr. . Miller. - A oompreheosivo vpte of tbanks was moved by- Mr. U. B, B. Gurnow, Boconded by Mr. J. : Carter, and carried.’ . The Short street Bkatino, Rink osn tmuos to be well patronised througboat tho. bool; afternoons and ' 'wintry evenings. To night Che of .the attractions will, be ha egg and spoon race. : ' ; Royal PEtNOBsa Theatre,—There , was! anothor splondid houso at The. .Theatre -,.last, night, the fifth of tbo tboatrioal. Carnival in augurated In aid of the Catholic Bobools. .Two, sots of the spectacular pantomime ‘‘Ljly.Boil?’ were, performed; and fboy wore approhiatod-as-, much as over. Pather Clcary gave ' anotbor Instalment of bis- Splendid.: limelight views, and 'wlth-ihtervhlg, of Vocal and 'instrumental hnisio a-good night’s entertainm&nfc.was; pro-, vided.i -'■■ ■•—■ ’' Professor Mason’s Entertainments. — In the A.NvAi. Hall last night.Madame Willis, spoke on and’ “Temporamontal Conditions;” Her words, were.woll chosen,- and the.advice given was well worth bearing,. As a spoakor and mental scientist she shows decided : ability.-’-A "humorous and refined entertainment, by tbo Comedy Company, and vocalists mot with warm approval, Mr. Will. Watkins’-burlesque lecture on “Love,; Court ship and Marriage” causing roars of laughter: An amusing .sketch finished tbo onlertein mont. A complete obaago will bogivon each evening until further notice. % , ; Leotoees.—Mr.,, P. Q. Samson' (Uitlauder) give tbe last of bis., lectures on South Africa in the Masonic Hall, last pigbt. The Hon.J.H. Abbott, M.L.C., presided. The lecturer dealt in an-exhaustive manner with the discovery and development of the " wonderful Kimberley. diamond’. field, ahd tho still more wonderful mines of the Rind; A fund-of interesting and .valuable in formation was given about Ibo working of, tbo gold mines, and tbo way in which. “ millions”: was used in speaking 'about, capital.and. divi dends: riirly took the .breath -from the. Tandi enae, - The lootaror ‘ incidentally.. mentioned that what was wanted for. 'the 'Bendigo mihes was capita I, : and’ho bxplaihod chat this capital was easily cbtained if they .only wont the right way about it, He tbought that if some of mining . magnates only raised; the mohoy. and .engaged Mr. John Hays Bommond; or two other mining exparts whpro he named; to dome over and,report on the field they would bo ablo. to secure all the! capital they wanted. The name of either of these tbreo experts at the bottom,of a p.ros pootus was, be said, sufficient to bring all the money that was required from English c apir talists.; Some limelight- views were ; also shown, and the lecturer concluded,, by again referring to Dr. Jameson's recent exploits. Eight -HonM|v'^^iYBB8ABY^!ne. final mooting of the committeo was beld in - the Trades* Hall last evoning, Mr, B. Lowis pre siding.' Tho spdrettry ,staled that tho .net ; profit from tho celebration was ;£4I18i ld. , ft was decided to pay lbe money to the-Trades’; .SallrCouhoil* tu be dpyptqd to the building -fund, i A voto of thanks tp Mr, his past services as chairman waV passed, and-tbo meeting terminated. - v " - <'* ■ ," Funerals.—The remains of Mr/ Robert Ndwbold who died ba 'Wednesday wore in terred in Iho,White HiUsceraetery yesterday. ;morning. ; The faperal coneistedVof - 8pme;-'20 vobiolos. Ho was a Ydry oId resident of the distriot and a good many of tbO old identities followed his remains -to the grave.’ The"pall’ bearers were Mosars. Putnam, Donovan,Eidie. »enV; r R, Whiteside, Wlllfi and B; Hyct*. The Rev; J,. Garliok road tbo burial service.'. In the'aftoroaon the funeral of tho Ulo Jsmes ; Wooster, of took - plaqe to' the Raywooa Comolery, It was a ’rery ' Iargo bnei Thp Rov.-Mf. LewPrs read Iho Praabyfceriah sorylbo at the grave. J Mr. T.. , ; Bayer -In both instances conducted the faneraJ^artaugoments. 7 A “ Ghost” Finer:£4 6l.—At- the.tAdelaide Police' Court - on . '.Thursday, -A, Rndd 'waer charged wi th uni aw fully with a piece of white and; w«s ,; therei fprq doomod to; ha disordo J rly/” : “Pn the' night of.rMay 6,rMr. Meddal nas on hia 'way. homo when bo noliood a figure "in white emersling from lhe Wesloyaa Ocmetbry.-; approached.ho board Itisajr; Meddhli ; and 8lrubk -}tbC/ flguro, r etiok whioh ho parried.! Tha- gfibst closed with him, and in :thO;. sbufllb Ihe .ahebt was disarranged : and! Meddal identified Hodd- Deroodahfc was fioad :X0«~'Ajidj.^^£4 ; jSsribt.dll/f' : ’ ~ r : 'RRp‘BHlT8:;—piautcnant.Colonel T^mpieteb, ! (jit..Guild ford; ob - Wodnesday: bight, swore i28«qw' (rocrdlts for ttas militia, all ’.ahle'ybhng men: Reoruils &re; oasier to get in tboso hUlo townsbips lEao io~thb big totfo of Bendigo i . Western Australia soems lo (bo tho fobl- I'baller’s paradise, A player writes from Perth i porteh, and all Thave to do as;to -stand.-on the platform and sing out * This train .starts from the opposite platform ’ ” D? usurious lenders, whose ra« -poqity. sometimes the- wdkld When they.bring their dorauUrog viotiuis b'foro the court, were all treated as a deputy oity ludge bas just doRlt- with one, their os}ling would speedily bo gone s.(saySv Loodoo corres pondent). Tha judgo in quosUon -made no brder for p&yment; at tho rato ot a penny a month. On ibese Jerms tho amount claimed wlll not be patdmff for 169 years- Mr Com.- missioner Korr< with all bis virtues, baa never ventured upon ordering payment -of ogaclQUB loans afc suoh an inflmtosiroal rater .h 1 , 8 Venluro bemg occasionallycixpouce P«C v®onlh.; The panny will furnish a ' cedent,', .and, may possibly slimulate other jbdgos;to adopt similar ■ Going through a Legacy —Some tiSm. last yo»i a ro idont of tho city received £70WS i? l Jt from a reiativo, ;aod .Commissioner liable thereon to the extent -;Ot <<£410wToir In coma tax. Thr gifted d, and JadgaGbomiby, liable, ‘ In the Visa d t-E vo rott/ lb<j;8ntweibo'Goo rfcdoci U od that a Ugiby'..'W#»'OapiteUand -not-tnodmo, And tbo qursUpn; w both er/ErCrottV ojuw “covered" an ordinary Cdr’ like ibo non under notico ,wai 'argued ; at length by Mr Mr. B 0 / ; :f(0tr r ,tbo -.Goramis^ibppr^: Ijj.?, Ibo Third Ci*tT . *%*. il»|S: Honor agreed to stile a case.for tfap of, tbo Fun Court, .‘—Herald. .: litUa cxoi temon t. Was forested ; yb*tjrday In iho Citv Polico tJpurl duringthe faceting of ibo iowaf fortuoatavlodivldual' who was apparently suffering lrom‘ a .fit ofsomo description. m* sQddonlys began to behave i 0 . fljoafc «t--»ordioftry ; and alarming manner His fade nervous twiiobings; V every niuspto In his body an. parootty toibg/'affected; Queer and ua-' natural Bounds em mated : from' his lip* &0^ I the spMniodic.contractions of .the muscles nr blsfscb made him appear to bo making W riblo and ImpiiUlvb'gHmabde/ A woman sUtlaa mixt to hlmapparentlytboughtlbat bo n*» about to do hersoroobodlly Injury, | 0 e 8b , quickly made her .way, to the extreme edge 0 r thoaoat, and wasCnly prevented from goi nR forthorby the court wall; Thera sho brouched In.a terrlflcd condlttdn vintU two constables •came fdrward ,and - triod-to soothe the sat forrr; i-Tfib attaofewas, only temporary, ai the poor follow recovered: after a few minifies .and was able to continue watching the pr</ oeedings. Tbo woman, it was noticeable, kept a wary eyo open for any further development but nono oamp. -He loft with'the others at •tbo adjournment of tbo court, ■ DoiuuS SbciBiy.—Mr, Bryan's pupil* tt «. slated by Mr. B. Harrison and Mr, T, dorson, are tendering a concert to this deter, vlog society in the Wesleyan schoolroom oq Monday evening.'f The society's funds are low and we feel, suro that this effort n{|| be liberally patronised, i and that subtUntlil help will thus beaccorded them. Mis, Vable v ’3 MISSIOH. —The services hold by 'Mr.. Varloy during . tbo past week have inoroavod in iDtorert.daUy. The afternoon Bible readings have been well attended,whilst the oyonipg gstheringv .have, given to | sr g e numbers matter /Cor closest. thought and attention. / Mr. Varley invcstl bis addrettet with a oltarm peculiarly bte own,/ The truths upon which ho dWells-uve boforo theaudioocs as for an; hourbobolda bisbearcra in rapt attention. . On Sunday afternoon Mr. Varlev will'give bno of bis .lectures, to .men poly | Q , tbo Masonic' Hall, tickets for which are foo,’' Tbo .mission will' be brought to a close oq 'Monday evening with a lcoluro on «Billy Bray.” Admission isfffeci and. a collection nil! bo made in aid! of tbo Consumptive Home. BebdeaV'- '■ A CHILDREN'S Cox IN the Bendigo Hos. vital.—“Charity” writes:—I< have so often board children, remark,:,- “ What can 1 do to help tbo poor?? ‘ It a truck mo ao forcibly whori l was at a bazaar 'last' Monday, given by three ' little girls/ in ■ -the State school Upper Emu Greek.how much can bo done bv. willing bands; - Those three brave little .girls started their work about six months ago without foods, only asking pitches from their friends and parents. • ■ : Then they worked steadily on In their spire lime, never neglect, jpg any school ..duties.. It wai . wonderful to see all thoy .bad niade, ' paintings, etc, Buffi. ,o(ent to iay in a few bouts they realised over £2. If aaoh an exawplo has; been set to the bush, why .oannol. lt.be followed-by others and how Soon popt could bo endowed, u (ion all our oollootia'ns ga towards the Cbil. drdn's Hospital', la Melbouroo, leaving tbo thriving oity of Bobdigo behind. ' . The ■■■ Tbwtbbanob Haxl .Bazaae and Festival. —The bazaar and festival In aid of the Tomporaoco Hall Fcee Library was ooo* .cladod ln tho Tomporanoe Hall last evening. The altendanoo wai -agaia satisfactory and at tbp oloso Iho' varioua etalls woro very scantily stocked. Tbs Band of Hope contest was ooo* tinued and the' first prize' .was awarded to the St. Androw’e Baud pf Hopo, the Honan street Primitive being placed second and tbe Eagle* hawk Wesleyan tbird.; Tbo St. Andrew’s Band /of Hope will thorpforp' receive tbe framed cer tificate presented by tbo Bondigo Totil Abilin* eri'oe Society, Tu announcing the decision of the judges Mr. OIlpbant paid a high compliraont CO: the of the St. Andrew's Bind of Hope. , At intervals throughout tbo evening soleotions. wore rendered: by the Long Gully male obbir, Miss Bennelt played an ovor luro on tho pian<>j- ; and Mir, Peterson gave musical BeloationB on- tho aiouth organ and auto harp. His imitation: of St. Paul's bells Was greatly appreciated; By/request Mbs •Osborne recited tbe.loyontor’s Wife. At tbe Cooolusion.Cr.'Hoskins a. comprohon sivo .vole of thanks' to all who bad assieted In the. festival/ and it..vras qsrrioa;with acclama tion. . v t - Death op -ah OOTOflBNAurAH Raines Towns* end, aged died ip’ tho' Bbnevblont Asylum yesterday f ro m sen il e~: dcbll 11 yl/Se was ad mitted on the.3rd March, r 1890, pad arrived la Tasmania ln‘1832 by' tbe ehip Gobrgiana 2nd. i- PiiXbbbKS'B A;, brbther of the the^Chief Secretary,‘'is' about tb ordained , to the Anglican priesthood;/ li ,ia' :pald ' ibnt ho is ocoailpnally proabbiae at Clanbs and Greswibb with'much: .“aodtibd ‘and! aoco.” .* : .' A Self-made V squatter, notoriouvlfpr thb ptber day got a wire frbm' hia ptattoa to the' effi’cl ;-“A boundary rididr haa' broken. Ieg aad bai t spine. In sensible't wo days. v.What shall; Ido?” The reply went.at once, “.Dock;wagbs'/duriDg ill .neaS, and cbargo'ooBb qf telegrama to bis ao* ,oo,ont.”.' v' : First Alb’ to THE/lNJuaBi),--?rhe Golden Bqqaco Working Men’s Club.,aub-oeptra are desirous of starting' a ladies’:'class In con* nqotion wilb tbp S|. John’s Ambulance Asso ciatioo,; On Thuredsy last a mecting will be held in 'tbo Fbrbstori*! Hair ab.4.30 p.m. for the purpose of bnrolfing' mcmbots; and ep ,pointing officers. ..Mrs, v P. /W, Boley will preside, and DA H./Jambs (who has again kindly consented to aot asdocturoc) will give a synopsie of the ieoturqs. The hbo, sea (Mr H; Jambs), wjil be glad to . supply all neooi* .V;/,-' . 