THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Hv HEMOKIAH—ME E. TV. BOYEE. A memorial service was held yesterday morning at the Eyrie-street Presbyterian ; Church with reference to the death of Mr E. ~W. Boyle, who was for many years j engaged in the office of this journal. The j pulpit was suitably draped in black Lr the occasion, and the sombre drapings . were relieved by a floral device of pure ! white on the black ground, " "With Christ," the words expressing the confi dence of those who survive that death to Mr Boyle was but a " sublimer birth." The hymns and scripture lessons were all of a kind to express the mingled feelings of the worshippers, of sorrow at the absence of their fellow churchman, and yet joy that he is now "with Christ which is far better." The Eev. A. Davidson, who evidently feels that he has lost a valued friend and fellow worker, preached an appropriate sermon, taking for his motto the words, written in the Acts of the Apostles, chap, si. verse 24 : " He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." He had oftenhad to speaksorrowful words to them about those with whom they had taken sweet counsel together when they had gone from their midst, but never did he feel the sense of loss more than now when they missed the presence of Mr Beyle ; and he thought they would all agree that these words were his fitting epitaph. They were written about a prominent man in the early Christian church, Barnabas, who was also de scribed as a " Son of consolation," and they just fitted their now departed friend, E. Ay. Boyie. They all knew how much of the gentle and genial spirit of Barnabas was in him. To many in trouble be had been a " Son of consola tion," a true friend, a read}' helper ; and yet withal he was so quiet, modest, and retiring, always ready to take a second plaee. He was very unobtrusive in bis goodness, yet persistent and faithful— one of those whose full worth was not realised till he was gone, and we felt the lack of his presence, and the loss of his helpfulness. Eeference was • made to Mr Beyle's birth, and | youth, in Glasgow, Scotland, his emigra- i tion to this c olony, and his connection from early times with this newspaper, the preacher quoting some of the testimonies which have appeared in our columns to the appreciation in which Mr Boyle was held by his colleagues. " It was much," said the preacher, " to have lived in busi ness relations with meg in such a way that all had a good word to say for one when he was gone." In his relations to the church with which he was connected, the deceased was equally exemplary. He had done faithful service as Sunday School teacher and superintendent, as elder and session clerk, and the preacher acknowledged that he had been a great help to him in the work of the pastorate. Feeling reference was made to the closing days of his life, when he was fighting a losing battle with his infirmities. These last days, said the preacher, were " days of quiet resting in the Xiord, and patient waiting for Him, during which the patient frequently expressing his unfaltering trust in Christ and his assured hope ox heaven." He was gone, and they should see his face no more on earth. His accustomed presence in the pew, from which he was never absent at Sunday or week-day services, unlessnecessitycompelled, would be sadly missed. They had laid his dust in the grave with tender hands, in hope of the resurrection, and they ~ could not donht but that his spirit—the real self that had loved and was beloved—was now "with God. Tliey would not mourn immoderately when they thought that their loss was his gain. Death was but life's beginning rather than its end, and, though it was natural to feel the pangs of separation, they could not greatly grieve when they had saeh confidence that he was even now rejoicing in the smile of God. Having thus touchingly referred to the event, the rev. gentleman' then urged upon his audience that they should not merely mourn a good man's death, but imitate bis good works. Thev should be impressed. by it with the necessity of doing all they could to make up the loss to the church and the world of those who were gone. They : should be admonished to use their oppor tunities diligently while they lasted, that there might be no vain and hopeless regrets in the end; and they, should recognise each other's worth and prize each other's society while they were together. It often happened that they only became fully conscious of the worth of friends when they had departed- Death seemed to dissolve mists through which we looked at them. They should not reserve their faith in one another, their generous appreciation and love and loyalty to one another, till death had severed them, but should make life sweet and bright and beautiful by mutual trust and hearty good will, and loyal apprecia tion now. The customary playing of the " Dead March " was not followed on this occasion, but during the course of the service the choir of the church sang with much feeling a " Funeral anthem " based upon Handel's music in " Saul." : ITnvail thv bosom faithful tomb, Take this new treasure to thy trust, And give these sacred relics room, . To slumber in the silent dust. ~ So Jesus slept; God's dying Son y Passed through the grave and blessed the bed." ' Best here, blessed saint, till from Wis throne, • Tho morning break and pierce the shade. 