PLAIN GIRLS. "Do plain girls ever become pretty ?" asks a correspondent. The answer is. Not always (writes a contemporaiy). Sometimes a girl of ordinary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and if not absolutely beautiful may claim to be good-looking. How often the tall, bony, awkward girl—the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family—develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman; The bony limbs have rounded themselves, plump soft flesh has filled up unsightly hollows, the squareness and angularity are departed, and the budding womau is delicately proportioned as Venus. Just so the plain girl of 17 may in time be come the attractive young lady of 24 or so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of expression often changes considerably as the girl grows older, giying to the features a beauty that was not . traceable before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, alp illness play serious liavoo with a handsome face; and not these alone, for nature of her own accord sometimes erases the lovelinete, leaving' the face a'very ghost of its former self. The features are not altered so much as the expression and expres sion has a deal to do with the beauty of coun tenance. Ill fact, a plain face owes much of its unattractiveness to its lack of expression— there are.a heaviness and stolidity about it; whereas a _ beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a graceful airiness and ease that add greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman she uudergoes a wonderful transformation. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably and mostly for the better. How often one hears the remark among friends meeting after some few years of absence,* "How you iiave altered ; I really shouldn't have known you." Plain girls, therefore, are not always plain, and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general attrac tiveness. 