the MASTER OF OLD COURT PUCE; OR. FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. 3YHEDLEY RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronounced,’’ “A Welsh Priaotss.” “ The Omerod Mystery," CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued). i don't think you will. Dr. Gra hamc lias been very much puzzled by her symptoms, and when I tell him this it will no doubt throw light on the matter. Anyway, you can tie charg ed with attempted poisoning.’ “ Oh, Grace, you should have seen him; he was mad. I cannot tell you all he said, but he vowed he’d make Alice return to the Place. At last we came to terms. X agreed that she should go back for a fortnight, during which time he should make arrangements for a year s travelling. . AVhen he has left England, Alice and I are going to the. couth of England for the winter,' re turning to Old Court Place in the spring. Then I shall reside with her WON d emfwy emfw cmfwcmemfcmc until Martin’s return, at the close of next summer. By that time he will no doubt be better able to appreciate her, for, you know, absence makes the heart grow fonder.” ‘‘Did Alice agree to this?” ‘‘ No, she strongly objected to going hack at ail, but I told her it would be very much better for her to do so, or Martin might refuse to allow her an in come. At last she gave in, and when the carriage from the Xfiace came I drove there with her, in order to give my precious son-in-law a further caution. The way she cried, however, when I left her quite upset me, and I was vexed, too, as she let both Downs and the footman hear her say there would be trouble if I left her at the Place. I didn’t care so much about Downs; but that footman will be sure to gossip about it, and I half wish I hadn’t taken her back, for there was a nasty look in Martin’s face which I didn’t like, and Alice, poor girl, seemed almost desper ate, as she said, just before I got into the carriage: *’ ‘What ever happens, you will re member I warned you not to bring me ‘‘Oh, Grace”—and Mrs Sturt burst into tears—“I cannot get it out of my head that she may intend to take her own life.” ‘‘Oh, no; Alice won’t do that," said ‘‘I.don’t know. She seemed just heart broken when I left her, and I keep wishing that I hadn’t forced her to go back. To tell the truth, the marriage has been a failure, and I wish I’d let her have Sidney Delaney,” she continued. ‘‘She would have been happy then, poor girl,” remarked Grace, sadly. ‘■Well, X did it for the best; and 1 don't think Martin dare injure her now. Any way. I shall see Dr Grahame. and X fancy this will be a good time to find him at home;” and drawing her veil over her face to hide the traces of tears, Mrs Sturt departed. ■When she had gone, Grace looked at her companion. . ‘‘Do you think she is safe witli Mar tin?” ‘‘For the present, as he daren’t try to poison her now. Give him two or three months, and lie would And a way to get rid of her; but luckily he won’t have that time. I have got a very good print from that negative, and I am going to take the train to Scorsby, as I intend giving such information to the police as will compel them to arrest Martin." "Then you have made up your mind not to spare him?” "How can I? Surely, in face of what Mrs Sturt has told us, you would not spare him?” "If the matter rested in my hands, I ■Should give him a chance to leave the Country, on the understanding that he never returned,” replied Grace. "Never!” said Mrs Carruthers. em phatically. "When shall you go to Ccorsby?” "I have been looking at the time table, and 1 see there isn’t a train until four ■o’clock, and I shall not be able to get back until eight.” "Then I will have dinner ail hour later.” said Grace, very gravely. That afternoon, when Grace had seen Mrs Carruthers depart, she dressed for ■walking. Ever since her companion had ■■avowed her intention of giving informa tion to the police Grace had felt miser able. She had no liking for Martin—nay •she l'oathed him—but she shrank from being accessory to his death, and such a shameful death. At last she resolved that she would warn him, and so give him a chance to escape. Perhaps, far away, 1:1 poverty and ob scurity. he might repent. At any rate, he should have the chance; so, leaving the house, she set off to pay her first visit to Old Court Place. Just as she came in sight of the park gates she saw Dr Grahame’s gig drive through, and, seeing her, the doctor threw the reins to his groom and sprang out. "How is Mrs Barron?" Grace inquired, anxiously. "Much better in health. There is no ■return of the had symptoms, but she is .very much distressed in mind. Mrs Sturt told me she had taken you into her con fidence. so I thought I would tell you that she is quite safe to-day. Mr Bar ron has gone to York, and won’t be hack until half-past nine o'clock. I fancy he Went on purpose to avoid me, but ail the same I shall give him a hint, and of course I shall watch Mrs Barron’s sym toms until he is out of England. I won't have any tricks played,” he said, stern ly. "X don't think he will do her any in jury now,” replied Grace, very gravely. She was thinking he wouldn’t have the chance. "Very likely not, now he knows I am •n the alert. Well, good afternoon, Miss Sturt;” and. raising his hat. Dr Gra bame mounted into the gig and drove away, while Grace turned slowly home- | ward, resolving to pay Martin a visit j about ten o’clock that night. ] It would be disagreeable going at such an hour, but she would do it; he should have one more chance to repent. : Meanwhile Mrs Carruthers had ar rived in Seorsby, and at once proceeded to the police-station, where she reques ted an interview with the superinten dent, and was at once shown into his private room. He was an elderly man with iron grey hair, and keen, inquisitive eyes, which took a rapid survey of his visitor. “Air Kitson, I believe,” she said, bow ing slightly. "Yes, madam.” And he waited for her to state her business. “Before going any further, I have a Slight alteration to make in my appear ance. which will, perhaps, enable you to recognise me. I know you have seen me -.Some years ago,” she said, as she (463) quietly removed her bonnet and veil; then, by a skilful movement, she lifted the mass of white hair, and showed un derneath a crop of short curly hair of a reddish gold. Laying the wig in her lap, Mrs Carru thers next removed her blue spectacles; then, taking a piece of sponge out of a small satchel, she rubbed the red scar off her cheek, and a further application of it caused the dark stain to disappear, revealing a delicate white skin. “Good gracious. Miss Goddard!" ex claimed the superintendent. She looked quickly at him. “You are the first person who lias re cognised me. as every one else has taken me for my younger sister. But, of course, it is daylight, and the otheis have seen me by moon or lamp light.” “Then such a mistake might be made, for there always was a very strong like ness; but Miss Agatha—I mean Mrs Bar ron—looked younger and brighter, if you will excuse me saying so." “Yes, but I have been taken for her spirit, and ghosts are not usually sup posed to look bright. And now for the business which has brought me hero. I have come to give information regard ing my brother’s murderer." lfe started. "Do you mean to say that you know who killed Captain Goddard?" "Yes. Martin Barron shot him." "I suppose you have proof to support your statement. Miss Goddard?" "Yes. ample proof of the murder, also of the abduction of Phyllis Blount." I “Good gracious!" he exclaimed, now fully on the alert. “Y'es, but before making a statement I must ask you to address me. for the present, as Mrs Carrutliers. I am living with Miss Sturt as companion, and not wishing Martin Barron to recognise me, 1 adopted that name and disguised my self.” “Do you mean with Miss Sturt, of the Gables. Wolferdene?'’ he asked. “Yes; I wanted to gather a little more evidence, and I thought 1 could get it if T came to Wolferdene disguised. Let me see, you had charge of the case, and will of course remember the details?" "Yes. I remember them perfectly j well." j 