— — ! The sesfifce rifrgt to sift JEriusry, a>I tbe ! JEnautry to tee aesRtoei, « :be eSug itotse u>;s i to tbe pesds. _ Micaiteci «ac=s to be wilSugi j xzA jet locb, to deuerx frees .be auiiity of b=£u? feaybrngerr or saved by tbeir w.otsj. Arri so ifeey p-trsstoi abs-.faieiy afcer.tbey bui tbeir . Apptopmeioa B2L wise :Ee axu.sg3rir-er-.to in tbe Factories .td arxi the Cocrpiries Bbi. Tfee resnb ' tstfaa, Ice&sad; o€ eJcsirs? tbti«s»ioc2, &s; xbey hire stoce oa Friday trigbs, in oedec to give time for tbe rtvissoc of tbe Bffi-?, b-Aii Hoases have adjorxreed to Tuesday, wbai more work is to be pvooeeded wbh. Tie G-wemtotxK seets to bare rto cs.je.--iry foe de&ertrirarioa; oc £i»Hty in tbe eo eadisst. of public business wfcat- tTtv. Lefe to tbsauesdvet, they woald go cxvszkierisg oc '-x.-.".i i.x fresh sessnres QC£3 JitDecext. aod vnestiaz taeh. « of scprezse its|k«tst3ee. Of corrrs, saeit a tsesetzre as tbe Federal EisxbSng Bill was aH-important, and bod to be got ticoi at all risks. Yiaoi, wlkh ht& been so rosseat oa argii Federa- tioa, toaH not place herself in the poeition of efe rmlr wAwt fliti frota t&e; enocert. Thai finished with, the sesaoa tbooM have ended, and woedd hare done so had there been a capable leader in tbe Assembly. We talk of zhing £Sff/t or SP&fi; a year to an expert to control our railways ; why, it woald pay a- better to get a firs&ehsss; man to manage cor Pari israelii. What posszhLggsm-get is then; in proceedinz with this Factories Bill 1 Its douses axe but revivals of tbe regulatkss of the trades guilds, tested over two centuries ago, and which proved utter failnrea. Wl&t; is the use of as serting that people should not take work home, or work on Sundays ? Do Dot eigtht-tenths of the members 'A Pariiztoesit, who vote for socb rubbLshing norteemse, take their own work — fre quently that personal to their respective busi nesses — home, and work on Sundays "f What h» the use of members of the AiaemMy whitening themselves to pose as .sepulchres of hypocrisy '>. Evexycoe knows that the Factories SSS1 is simply a dodge to fulfil a pledge; and keep on terms with the Kariiral voters at the next eke tion. No one of any common sense— scarcely even the Chief Secretary, who is naturally hope, fill ass tbe fecundation of his pet egg — can really believe that this Bill wQl have any effect upon the life of the people. Mr Deakin's previoas Bill, nuet ignorantly framed, is responsible for tbe death of many widows, and the rain of fatherless families. )Ir Peacock's BO! goes farther. It sirs, in effect, no one shall obtain an honest Using in Victoria, except upon condi tions laid down by Parliament, which is as in nocent as a tobe of the respective trades. If the Bill passes by some accident of compromise, Mr Peacock's bed will be haunted, not aa 3D Deakin's is, ly the ghosts of the scores of the tilfifn (flrl Iw aV rnnsf rrmfesa fKsJ we feel a sentiment of irritation, when politicians in this country produce measures as though they had discovered something new, a roe's egg in fact. Why do they never study history and learn that their social experiment s are older than the ever lasting bilk, have been tried over and over again, and must continue to fail ? Parliament can never control the social disposition of the people. Take an analogue. There is a law in Victoria against Sunday trading. We venture to say that in hundreds of hotels the Sunday takings are the best of the week. From dawn to night the bedel parlors are crowded. This indicates the complete incapacity of an Act to control popular sentiment. And we say that the members who agree to the Factories Rill should he reckoned with by their constituents, for it is one which averts tbe Bussian principle, that the State controls the arotntion of the in- dividual lalxorer, and acts as pvrent to him This is not democracy, but autocracy, an/1 we shall have to ask ourselves if Htate law Ls to take away the riglis of the indiriduaL Of course, we know that the Bill is supposed to lie in the interest of anti-sweating and similar nonsense. " Sweating" is simply a condition of life ; it exist in every business, and will continue to do so, and no Act of Parliament can ever affect it any more than it can the mini mum rate of wage. Tbe minimum rate of wage may be observed on Governmental or Depart mental contracts, but by what possible means can tbe Legislature impose this cm private con tractors ' Let us take an instance— A tender is i e.Atf<rt4iuMl (tin /vinrliti r»n ltr«irif thut fha rntnt. j mum rate mast bo observed. What is the j result? We know how strongly associated con. j tractors are — there is no tender! The Depart. ! ment has then to put men on as laborers, which they know will cost a deal more, or : advertise for fresh tenders— this time uncon ditional — in order to carry out the work. This happens contiuually, and though, as we say, Government, or the Boards and Trusts ' subsidiary to it, may not encourage such a practice as letting a tender with the wage con dition excised, private employers will not be so scrupulous. Competition will always bring the wage of labor to the lowest possible level. That level is fixed by Nature, not by law ; it is tbe sum necessary to maintain existence. But, as Adam Bmith points out, a Jabo;;r is entitled not only to the wage which affords him bajre ajjlwi/t; cnce, hut something more. But that. must be regulated by his own imcesrities, and tip eg- wasiy »<f cmep>-ri- sse. 7b Sstra csEucatssy j ti'j sasis aS;t.'.l rar/:ra !.-:? ibt-, £2 2-s s weni. iie- S ewastf tbe essrp&yw; «sl? rspSy. WgQ, s5-ea ; suuay auira Lv «ic55 i.ccacw5»« te iei w-»k 73 -. | bin or, os sr -tIL Wz.rdb 'j'.cririi.u ii zhi \ cesaw fee tbim I W« suz2x -a wtQ riedtxe ry i As cc PiriiiiiiUi xbu exerr Cbizis astu cn2 bx p»53 tbt fo2 £ r.4 s Eisrc5«v-3. Wbx cbes j wxcM esrtl-.j hist I Tbii Is wb« the ufr.oatts | cd Ruiisil fads, fix! :o raiHat. PtrfftaMui :ui-.y « : say, fr Is sous', 'issribes ibi.: sv«y snwx t«s pifii : ; o-c insrsSy ;bt: vbltb Is ssurial f-,c tilissssQei, , " tea sce&ijt;— s ssw. »> tbtx ie oxr drift bis ; rsacccuSSrijs to Edi. Tbax ,%s xa abscrais . i pccfossa— ;s raturca-ioe eo-.or, cua xr w.:c t xrutis cictori. >t lis lycCucxti-o ro.t csr- : f itto paujim. D ctjiL-rila. pvytoz J:w rue, ' sis s losct-sto .id to'srair. .:c t 3fir sir.Cttj. br sui'-./i/ts to vu u.ulsr:vif.o« wt5;b ! 1 fr/vUes w.;ei. 3r, i: tbs r. pin : Urajaclis ria.: b .c.-rid tote esrx. uisr.-uc: to- j t tr«t co She dcu-c-.yid. w-.ik f.s .i c crtosnikusr. Psxtoisses-t c-ia L-ridt ,ws curb : ts to j ices/, fct to ea=X:-.c xiti-.u it tra towi villi xvreto cctxxa todusnry. to s-citsj. utj tzi'.fi sb-sc to cs.1 o-oaot tbe fn5i 