CORRESPONDENCE. REPRESENTATION OF WEL LINGTON. TO THE EDITOR. Sre,—Although denuded of the I interest, erudition, accuracy and consistency that formerlv charac terised the Bunbury Herald this publication occasionally reaches this distance. In its issue of the 1st mst., a scurrilous effusion appeared which, by a stretch of imagi nation, I conceive is levelled at °a communication of mine in the Southern Times of the 27th ulto. I am in the happy position of being able to ab solve the nominal editor from any participation in the concoction of this olta podrida, The extensive rau«e of expletives comprising the abnormal production under the heading of " Mr Reading of Ruunymede," is far too elaborate and comprehensive to attri bute to the nominal editor. J have therefore, only to deal with the editors ghost, that funny individual who once proposed to start a humor ous column in the Herald but was deterred from so doing when informed that his quality of humour was of the nature of the expressed juice of boiled turnip. I shall, therefore, be believed when I disclaim any attempt to crush this vapouring ghost. The effect of such an effort would be too incalcul ably ridiculous. It will be noted that his effusive objection to my contribu tion to your columns completely ig nores the subject treated, so that whilst he objects to a portion of my letter comprising a preamble, ins iffii siou is altogether a preamble pure and simple If I am in the habit of using grandi.oquent language, as alleged, I still have the satisfaction of knowing that what I write has a purpose, point and understanding, whilst {straight Conduct's" is difficult to understand even by inference. He prefers, he says," simple and intelli gent language." Perhaps he will explain what he meaus by " circumlo cat.org ' treatment, and the definition of a philological " reviewer " would be' very acceptable. I have searched the authorities referred to by him and; tailed to find any such terms. The little modesty " of this funny writer1 must have been created since the boiled turnip episode of his earlv1 literary efforts, and I am not sur prised at the assumption of the " we " since I have learned the source from' which flowed "Straight Conduct's" effusiveness. I find an exquisite pleasure in certifying to the convic tion that tbe nominal editor of the Herald would not thus wantonly, aimlessly, and absurdly expose him self to ridicule by so forlorn an attempt at witticism at the risk of the loss of one of his subscribers; at the same time I feel justified in soliciting that he will in future devote a Jaeger share of attention to the scrutiny and correction of incompetent, preposter ous and outrageous matter which, under the paucity of legitimate corre spondence he may be compelled to « -I* ®oI"mns with. Since Straight Conduct" and others of that ilk nave so basely deserted the gentleman of probity," to cowardly and intemperately abuse one who at any rate, has the merit of express mg bis opinions under bis own name, I must? decline any further correspondence on the subject. I shall, however, keenly watch their tuture proceedings and the first attempt to foist upon us for a Parlia mentary representative a townsman who we do not want will find me ready to cross swords again. Bun bury may be the nursery for politi cians, but the rural districts prefer their own productions. I am, etc., Wsi. BEADING-. Bunnymede, Sept. 2, 1S96. 