THE JAMESON FILIBUSTER- ING EXPEDITION. To a colonising power which is ever on the alert for the extension of empire chartered companies serve a very useful purpose. They utilise for that end the commercial greed and enterprise of Englishmen, and both in India and in Africa they have been the means o£ adding vast territories to the sway of Great Britain. They are, however, a dangerous las well ;as a useful weapon of aggression. They serve to relieve the Imperial authorities from responsibilities for which, in some^ cases, it might be veryinconvehient for them to answer. The privileges conferred jbfiartiered coihpgiities Itngife'f^r^^l' le^timaW' purp&slf;£" The* regions over whiclf their authority extends are governed as little kingdoms, and the system of government -is bureaucratic and arbitrary. Nominally, the chartered company is responsible to the Imperial Government for the exercise of its powers, and in theory it must keep within the limits of these powers as set out in its charter. But this responsibility is never troublesome to it so longas its proceedings bring no trouble on the home Government. Within that obligation it is really at liberty to extend its dominions by any means that present themselves. The object of the company is its own aggrandisement, the object of the Imperial Government in granting it a charter is the conquest of territory, and the means by which that end is accomplished are not particularly inquired into. Whether it be by treaty with befooled native chiefs or by invasion after a quarrel had been picked with some black potentate whoselands were coveted, it is all the same to the colonial office. In its opinion, the end ustifies the means where the losers are a people who have no acknowledged rights, and whose complaints, if ever heard in civilised society, are unheeded. What Warren Hastings did in India the ts of the British chartered j>$jies are doing in Africa, ^th' -'-ftteir drilled mercenaries Hj$ cnMi,. all opposition, as aptfⅈ Lugged did in the Uganda " ;tiict'^adi|S|rameson did with the j^bples. yTWe government of the " Mj^ssja is not more despotic than'rotcT'oi the chartered company, and it is not more unscrupulous in its dealings with inferior and defenceless races. The subjugation of tribe after tribe in the Russian march to the Oxus was not more heartless than the treatment the African people have received from British chartered companies and British Imperialists." What the British have done in the once Dark Continent for the extension of empire and commerce and the love of gold is more than a match for the greatest crimes Russia has committed in Central Asia "in the interests of civilisation." In the whole Russian advance to India there is no atrocity to compare with the slaughter of fugitive men and women of which Lugard with his Maxim guns was guilty; and the trick by ! which the Matabele was despoiled is not surpassed in the whole his- i tory of Russian duplicity. An instance has now occurred in which a chartered company . .. violated the condition on which it was allowed a freehand. The gentleman who picked a quarrel with the Matabele king, and so tricked him and his people, has got the Imperial Government into a rather serious difficulty. Deceived by his success over a rudely armed (and primitive people, Capt. Jameson, the Administrator of the South African Chartered Company, planned the invasion of the Transvaal, and though his march from Bulawayo, the Matabele capital, to Maefking, on the western frontier of the South African Republic, must have occupied him a month, Mr. Cecil Rhodes, the chairman of the company, and everyone else officially, connected with it deny all. foreknowledge of the raid. Their denial puts a severe strain on credulity, but let that pass. The fate of the expedition is told elsewhere, and, little admiration as we may haVe'for the "Boers lis a people,' we do most sincerely rejoice that the fillibus- JT|imed ! at destroying Mfidbpetidence ind : abfiexing their territory has got a right go<5d whipping! from Commandant Joubert. Seeing that the expedition was doomed to failure, the English Government, upon the first intima*- tion of itj discountenanced it, and took steps to stop its progress; and now that the raid has failed the displeasure of the Imperial authorities is very naturally expressed in the strongest terms. He is blamed for "precipitating etents," and, in the official sense, is consequently disowned. For England the raid, now that it has failed, is a most unfortunate occurrence. It is not at all improbable that success in the case would have involved her in war with Germany, and its failure is almost as unfortunate for her. Though her word does not stand for gospel truth with her neighbours, they cannot really believe that she was privy to this impudent attempt at annexation; but still they do not hold her unaccountable for it, their view of the case being that it was a premature step to accomplish a fixed object, and that the raid is for her n untoward development of her sual aggressive policy. Imperial soldiers have been ordered to cut ff any adventurers who may have he hardihood to follow Jameson's racks, but for all the need there is f such a precaution these soldiers ight just as well have been told o stop any ghosts that may ttempt to force the passage. The o-called precaution is a mere proession of regret and good-will, hich will be appreciated in proortion to the sincerity ascribed o it. The raid promises to be one of hose little causes from which great vents sometimes spring. The disomfiture of the fillibusterers was he cause, we are told, of immense ubilation in France and Germany, nd that it will harden American pinion in favour of the course resident Cleveland is taking on he Venezuelan question is certain. he German Emperor has made it he subject of a congratulatory essage to the President of the outh African Republic that is deidedly hostile to England. In ffect, the message states that resident Kruger would have reeived German help had he needed t, and that Germany guarantees he independence of the South frican Republic. A message such as that to a State over which Engand claims a protectorate was othing less than an insult to that ower. Answering that challenge, r. Chamberlain told a numberof English merchants engaged in the Cape of Good Hope trade that Eno-- land would maintain her suzerainty ver the Boer Republic, and the- " Times " threatened Germanv "^ A y ith an Anglo-French —i- ™ * alliance. hese are very serious conse- quences to have sprung from a frustrated freebooting expedition It is not a matter of small moment that, as a result, the relations between England and Germany are much strained, and strained, too on a question on which the Emperor of Germany cannot yield with dignity. Nor is it a matter ot small importance to England her S', <J uarrel with the United States a European difficulty is now added. At the beginning ot the century she was far from being able to. face, the world in arms. Ifc would then have gone hard with her- if sh e hadnot found several powerful allies, and it is now recognised by Englishmen themselves that she is com pletely isolated in Europe. As a tact, there is not one really firstclaf continental Power tha/entStams'for her a friendly feeliS or would be willing * to avert misfortune from her. They regard the Jameson episode as a blundering exposure of that aggressive policy which has aroused their ill-will and jealousy, and no professions after the act that England might make will remove from their mind the ugly impression the aret itself has made on them. If, instead of sending a detachment of the Black Watch to Maefking to intercept imaginary invaders, she sent the Commander in Chief himself and a whole army corps to perform that honorary duty, that stroke of policy would not turn President Kruger from looking to the Kaiser for such protection as he may need in any eventualities that may hereafter arise. It certainly would not tend to tone down the jubilation of Frenchmen, at Jameson's discomfiture, and that it would have the effect of making the Americans regard the British claims in Venezuela with more composure is not very likely. 