Horseracing. ^Teigfcts for the Queensland Cup and Sand gate Handicap,- to be run at'the Q.T.C. December meeting, were declared on Tuesdar. The handicaps are flattering again, , and there, seems no "weighty" reason why nil the' horses nominated should not face the barrier. . Everything appears to Lave a chance, but- the • puWic. seem . to have spotted Slack Harry as the winner of the double. If hisronning at the late Spring meeting was his true form, he has not the. ghost of a show at the weights; but he was probably far from well daring the three days,' and ran unbacked, though there ; was a great ran on him for the Queensland Cnp and Sandgate Handicap-double .even beiore the nominations dosed, and at the price of a straight-out shot for one event. He is said to be "as good as Trance," but -this of course is a question we-cannot answer in the present state of onr knowledge; but if.he is within 7 lbs. as good as ibat T notorious mare, he has a \ rrttr soft thing on. ' "With the exc ption of Battalion, Black Harry, Avenue, and Tridehtate, none of the dozen in'the Cnp have negotiated two miles successfully, though for some reason or other ,ClytheaudPremisr are counted stayers , by the public. Czarina, Freedom, Chock mate, Narcissus, Zingara, and Cap-a-pie are . supposed to have a soft spot somewhere. But the notion of Freedom winning a mile and a half race was scouted nr.tH his number went /up as the winner of the Prince of. "Wales's Cup; and it is likely enough we may all be ■ mistaken in the opinion that the rest of the \- half-dozen named cannot get half-a-mile \- farther. . : > With the exception of the. two-year-old V handicaps the miner re cos at the coming • Q.T.C., December meeting filled very weli on Tuesday last; IS for die Trial Handicap, > 5 for the Doncaster Handicap, 15 for Qualify - ing Handicap, 6 for the Selling Stake*, and \TG for the December Handicap.. On the . second day the entries arc better stillCity Handicap, 21; Heavyweight Handicap, 15; : Final Handicap, 23 ; and two-year- old Harborough Piate^ 3; a total, of 143. for nine races, or on average, of nearly 17 per racer It ts significant that only five two-year-old^ are nominated for- the : juvenile handicaps, and that of the fire two \- nre not equal to racing G furlongs in their trainers' opinion. It is noteworthy ihat not n single .three-year-old is nominated for the . Queensland Cop or Sandgate Handicap. -Weights are due forTrial, Doncaster, Qnali \- Tying, and December Handicaps on Tuesday • n.-rfc, December I.; \- Sandgate and East Moreton Racing Club . meeting comes off to-morrow (Sa'urday), when thereshould be some interesting.sport. \- For many and. obvious. reasons, I hare ■ : dwsysbeenopposedtothegrass-fedmeetings • in the central district, " which bid fair to supersede the legitimate open one*. I am glad to have an ally in ^'Veno," the well r known and able sporting- contributor to the Ceprieornian and Kerning Bulletin, who writes in Bockhampton, the capital of Central Queensland, and with authority, not as one of the-scribes. He says grass-fed meetings are driving the bettor tdass of horses, ont of the district, for owners do not are to . trust a valuable tried horse in a bush paddock, and ,to wait for the few corn-fed meeting* means a loss of time and money that no one seems able' io afford.. Judg ing from the result* at Longreach he thfaini the popularity of these gatherings is on the wane,* for though a good de*»l of ' money went through the machine, the at • tendance was poor, and the fields were small. An English writer says: The Heath Stakes, a mile handicap, witnessed the : debut of. Mrs. Langtrr's Australian fonr year-old filly, Haluma.- The handicap j>cr was determined not to be caught napping, by letting in too lightly on unknown qaintity, as. the Australian- bred erne was given the steadier of S st. 12 lbs., and was in fact thus • giving, as it turned out, over a etons to e very \- thing-that was competing. She was not ' - hacked for one shilling, and in "Watts'* hands finished: last. "Pavo " says she is hardly likely to set the.Heathon fire according to her'first essay, whilst the special commis sioner, more tolerant'of the outer barbarian, thinks she will do better when the tracks ore : sounder going. Just before the start for the Middle Park Plate, odds of 5 to 1 were laid on Vela*quez, while 5 to 1 was not too readily accepted about the Kindal colt, Gal tee More. The lastnamcd won, and no cxeusc was offered for . .Velasquez's deieai, bat Lord Bosebery's colt (balf-brothcr to Sir Visto) ia a better favourite for the Derby, than Galiee More; 100 to 1 .was offered bar 2,for the 3Gddle Park Plate, which, however, only attracted five starters. Velasquez carried the extreme penalty, which raised his weight to 9 et. 3 lbs., but Galtee More was penalised also up to 9 et. Lord Bosebery'a Chelandry, by Goldfinch «—Ladas's dam, - won the Imperial Produce Suites, value£2,569 net, for two-year-olds.. Two. minntes forty-three..seconds wasthe time taken by Omnium- II. to', win:the Prix du Conseil Municipal (of '40 sots, eiich, 24 sots, forfeit, with 4,000 added by the Peris Municipality), 1J .mile/ under 10 st. -I lb. The Frenchmen say he is the. best horse in training: The English horse Victor Wild, 10 st. 1 lb., though * only a : nriler, started favourite at 7 to 2 agaiiftt. but he failed to firnsh in the first six."though up to 1* mile he looked *'all over a winner." .Omnium U.'sprice was from 4 to 1 to 9 to 2. . I am sorry to ct.roaicle the death of Mr. H. Barnes, of Dyraaba, at the age of 85. -Ho was a good sportsman, and owned, in lus tune, many goodv racehorses, and bred more for others to . win with. His racing was almost entirely local, but the Shield-brand and the Dyraubo, or rather the Gordon Brook blood, were known all over Australia where the racehorse, the hock, or. the hunter were in request. , The two-year-old Archie—Margheritacnlt. full brother"to Quickmarch. has been " added j to the list" by liis ownvr.1V. Blacklock. The racehorse Nemo lias gone into Harry ; Wobb*s stable. - •>, • . Merman leaves for England by the steamer., Aberdeen next week. He has been sold br Mr. W. E. Wilson, of St. Albans,-for I,500 guineas, to Mr. Allison, the special commissioner of the London Sportsman, and editor of Mr- Brace Low?s book, u Horse breeding by the Furore System." Mr. Eccles, landlord of the Great Western .Hotel, Coolgardie, is thepurchaserof Le Var. Mr. G. Grey, , of Perth, has purchased a couple of St. Albans bred yearlings —namely, a colt by Bill of Portland—Lady Carbine, and a filly by the same sire cut of Coin. There were SO nominations ou Monday last for the Koachili Cup, 200 sovs.j 64 furlongs. Had the race been a mile there might have been 60 entries; had it been a mile and a-half, 40: a mile and three-quarters or two miles, about 30. ' BcsniU of Tamworth races are not to hand at time of writing, though the meeting was held on Wednesday and Thursday. Th e*issues arc only interesting ou account of .Narcissus, the Queensland Cup'horse, being engaged there. In the three handicaps for which"he is nominated he has top weight—9 at. 5 lbs., 9 st. 12 lbs., and 9 st. o lbs. respectively. 