The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1896. by the Hon.. of Commons on Thursday, Mr Chamberlain, replying to a question, stated that the alarming reports as to reinforcements being required to repress the rebellion in that abdicated were unfounded, He added that Major-General Sir Frederick Cm nugton had cabled he recently is last Saturday to the effect that the troops already in the country would be sufficient to restore order. The European Po« ors have strongly protected to the Sultan against the conduct of the Turkish troops in Crete Intelligence from Egypt states that when the Khalifa heard of the defeat of the dervishes at Torlach he became furious, and gave orders that the messenger who brought the trains should be crucified On Thursday the second test match between England and Australia was commenced at Manchester, under favourable auspices England put a very strong team into the field On t\ inning the toss the Australians decided to bat first, brigade an excellent display, occupying the wickets the whole day At the call of time they had lost eight wickets for 166 runs Mr Robert Harper, ML A , of Victoria, 'who went to England on business connected with the Commercial Bank of Australia, will return to Melbourne by the P. and O. steamer Oceana. A successful display of Mr Seymour Allan's model torpedo boat was made in London on Thursday Thenniil attaches of the foreign Embassies and also many British naval experts a ere present Sir Thomas. M'ilwraith, who has been in bad health for some time, is about to visit inspect dist at Heidelberg, Germany A new steamer, named the Waimate, was successfully launched on Thursday for the New Zealand Shipping Company The Rev the Hon Algernon Law ley, son of Baron Wenlock, and curate of St Andrew's, Bethnal Green, London, has been married to Miss May Donaldson, daughter of the late Sir Stuart Alexander Donaldson, formerly of New South Wales. Intelligence from Armenia is to the effect that further outrages have been committed by the Turkish soldiery. Four hundred Armenians have been massacred in the city of Elgin, and the city was given over to pillage. The House of Lords, by a majority of 52, has confirmed the decision of the Government to make the cost of the Indian contingent to Suakim a charge upon the Indian revenues. Lord Salisbury, in speaking to the question, said that the defence of the entire southern littoral of the Red Sea was a matter which primarily concerned India. M. Edmond de Goncourt, the well-known French writer, is dead. Lord Brassey, Governor of Victoria, intends to visit Mildura about the first week in October. At the inquest on the body of Mrs. Matson, which was found tied up in a sack in the Pomo Lake River, N.Z., a verdict of wilful murder was returned against the husband of the deceased, and he was committed for trial. While entering Port Phillip Heads yesterday morning the steamer Flinders collided with the pilot steamer Rip and afterwards went aground, but ultimately got off and proceeded up the bay. Mr. Matthew Rigby, a Queensland colonist of about 30 years, died at Brisbane yesterday. The secretary of the Victorian Commercial Travellers' Association has received a reply from the Premier of New Zealand, holding out no hope of a reduction of the £50 tax imposed upon commercial travellers visiting New Zealand. At Wellington, N.Z., yesterday, the Timber Conference was opened by the Premier. About 80 delegates were present. Telegrams were received from the Premiers of Queensland and South Australia, regretting that they were unable to send delegates. Yesterday at a meeting of Um banking committee of the House of Representatives, N.Z., Mr. Watson, president of the Bank of New Zealand, again refused to answer questions concern- ing individual accounts. Subsequently the Premier reported the matter to the House, declaring that the question was whether Parliament or the bank was to rule. A motion was carried that Mr. Watson and his counsel should be heard at the bar of the House, and-on their appearing Mr. Watson again refused to answer, declaring that he was acting in the interests of the bank and of the colony. Mr. Cooper, counsel for the bank, said that Mr. Watson was even prepared to submit to punishment, as his answering the questions objected to would cause the downfall of the Bank of New Zealand. After they had reached the Premier moved that Mr. Watson be fined 1500, and be kept in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms until the amount be paid, the House proceeding to discuss the motion. At the London wool sales on Thursday the market was animated, and prices realised were the finest of the series on all classes of wool. The report of the Australian Agricultural Company shows a profit of £11,211, of which £2,211 will be carried forward. Business was again slack in the Stock and Share market yesterday. Australian and Newcastle Gaslight shares are at about the highest price ever touched by them. In the Import market yesterday there was rather a lull in business, kerosene being the exception to the prevailing dulness. At Darling Harbour yesterday 330 bales of wool were manifested to arrive. There was more business in the Mining market yesterday, but without any marked improvement in prices for either gold or silver mining stocks. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £3120. Some surprise was caused recently when the British Government, after Mr. Bat. road had denounced the system of multi plyivipf amendments, withdrew its Education Bill. The measure was one of the most important of the session, the Ministry had an overwhelming majority, and yet it apparently had to be abandoned. The collapse is at least partly explained by the protests which the 'Times and prominontUnionists like Professor Dicey made against the wholesale application of the closure. It was evident that the bill could not possibly be carried unless the Government adopted tactics similar to those which thrust the Home Rule Bill through the House of Commons with many of the clauses undiscussed. Ministers, were reminded that they had condemned this course in 1893, when the closure was certainly adopted in its most extreme form, not merely as oppressive to the members, but as unconstitutional and subversive of the liberties of Parliament. To turn their backs on such an explicit declaration is to sacrifice a principle. The question is not one of party convenience or expediency, but of maintaining as far as possible the rights of free debate. A moderate use of the insured or of some other system may be necessary in order to stifle factious opposition and so I aside frivolous amendments. But there would evidently be a great change in the power and functions of Parliament if Ministers could pass large and vital measures into law by interfering with the honest discussion of them, li was pointed out, also, by Professor Dicey that if the Education Bill were pushed through the House of Commons by the Government majority it would be accepted by the House of Lords, and there would be no opportunity of making the debate adequate and thorough. Nothing can be clearer than that the closure might become a most dangerous weapon in cases where the majorities in both Chambers are agreed. Professor Dicey further asserted that the extreme application of the closure would be bad as a mere matter of party politics. The people respect political consistency on the one hand, and on the other they object to having laws forced upon them which have been carried by the weight of numbers alone, and which have not been properly debated and explained. These are apparently the arguments which swayed the British Government. A point is thus raised which is of interest to Parliaments the world over, and which in truth concerns intimately the discharge of their duties. There can be no question as to the advantages of unrestricted discussion, and no doubt as to the danger of suppressing it. But this represents only one side of the conditions of Parliamentary work. There is another view which must be taken into account. It is notorious that in the colonies the business of the Legislature is often delayed and that measures of some interest have frequently to be abandoned because of the time that is wasted in asking questions and making unnecessary speeches and moving useless amendments. The evil is familiar enough to all who follow the course of political discussion here. It becomes far greater in the House of Commons, where a great measure may be literally smothered with amendments, some of them possibly obstructive, but many of them honestly meant. In the case of wanton obstruc- tion the nation would probably justify a Government in putting it down firmly. But there is such a wide scope for what are regarded as legitimate amendments that a bill might easily perish under their weight. A good deal of the trouble is doubtless due to individual ambition, and the desire of the member to shine before his constituency and the country. In the old days of the House of Commons the leaders spoke, and the members having voted for their party, went off to their annual ments. There are now proportionately many more men in Parliament who wish to leave their mark on public transactions, and to this they are doubtless stimulated by the close connection which they have with the constituencies. But in those circumstances thoughtful observers are be ginning to ask how the business of Parliament is to be despatched at all. If every member carries in his pocket a little sheaf of amendments on a particular bill, and if each one of these has to be considered and debated, it is plain that that measure will never be passed in the course of a session. In such a case Parliament absolutely fails in the first duty for which it is elected, which is not merely to discuss but to legislate. If, on the contrary, a law is Carried without debate, it abandons its right to deliberation, and loses the power which it enjoys as a deliberative assembly. Not to legislate is to be effective, and not to deliberate is to be equally office. On the one hand Parliament is not a simple debating society, and it must be able to act and give effect to the wishes of those whom it represents. On the other hand it would lose both character and force as a deliberative body if its discussions were unduly checked. This then is the dilemma. Parliament is in danger of losing its legislative value and power under the burden of unrestricted talking. It runs the contrary risk of throttling its deliberative existence by using extreme forms of the closure. It is difficult to imagine that such a position of affairs can continue in- definitely. The public and members of Parliament have both a deep interest in the subject, for any change that may be made is sure to restrict the rights of the private member to shift the centre of power to a committee, and to alter considerably the Parliamentary constitution. It has been suggested, for example, that after a bill has been discussed by the House and the most desirable amendments pointed out, it should be carefully revised by the Cabinet. Then we presume that, as the main points had thus been approved of, it would be submitted again to be accepted or rejected. This is a plan that would, of course, give increased powers to the Ministry. The centre of political force would gravi- tate from the benches towards the Ministerial room. Any variation of the scheme that would give increased powers to an independent committee would equally bring about a great change in our Parliamentary institutions. It would be possible to bring a measure before the House first of all in the shape of resolutions. When these were approved of, a bill giving exact effect to them could be drafted by an outside and thoroughly impartial committee. When this bill was submitted to Parliament in its complete form, there would be an assurance that it gave due effect to the resolutions, that it was simply the construction and carrying out of what had been ordered. Parliament in fact would choose the plans and the professional architects to see that the edifice of the law was built in in accordance with them. This would probably tend to diminish the number of amendments. There would not be the excuse that there is at present, when the bill is prepared by the Ministry before any debate has taken place, for finding fault with every clause. It would not prevent amendments, now over, from being proposed, and would not put a stop to obstruction. But it might do some good without disturbing largely the balance of power in the present representative system. The question is of great interest, for it is really whether the Cabinet is to govern under new Parliamentary forms, or Parliament is still to rule in accordance with its ancient methods. " The arts and wiles of diplomacy " is a phrase which has associated itself with the business of the Ambassador from a period long before that when Tam-byiianu defined speech as a means for concealing thought, or when the same eminent knave," as De Quincey calls him, made a monumental reputation of which the only redeeming feature was that he sought his country's advancement as well as his own. Speaking his last words as our Ambassador at Paris the other day, Lord DuFi'EMtf suggested another and a more exalted idea of the methods and uses of diplomacy. Its outward aspects, he told his hearers, have changed in many respects since the beginning of the century ; but in :, j respect more, we may suppose, than in the difference in the views popularly taken of what may be alluded to as the morality of this highly cultivated science There are three types of diplomatists which will readily occur to the reader's mind in connection with this subject. Lord Dutfkuin himself may justifiably be accepted as an excellent example of the Ambassador under modern conditions. Talluykaxd stands at the opposite pole, and somewhere between them, as combining the high personal character of the one with the success which is common to the careers of both, comes the great historical figure of him who was known to fame as " the Great Elohi." Lord Sthat-'oki>-:de Redcliffe represents diplomacy at its best, at a time when more was left to the personal initiative and continuous responsible action of our Ambassadors abroad than is the case now. He was described in his day as a semi-royal and half-indopondont functionary ; but the telegraph has changed all that, with many other important things besides. The Ambassador of to-day is merely the spokesman of the Foreign Office, dictated to at every important juncture from headquarters, and no longer using a highly-trained and responsible discretion with the freedom of a Minister of Foreign Affairs. But it would be a mistake to suppose that the function of the Ambassador has declined correspondingly in importance. Within the last eventful six months we have soon how perilously close to war the Continent come on several critical occasions. We have also seen how smoothly some serious difficulties have been bridged over, and Lord DUFFERIN in his interest into address had something to say with respect both to the gravity of the situation and to the part diplomacy has played and is playing in guarding against international friction and in minimising its risks. Our cables gave us a hint of his estimate of the position the other day, and now that the full cost of his speech has reached us we are able to fill out the sketch so indicated. The retiring Ambassador spoke of Europe as a standing camp packed with millions of men in arms, while a double row of frowning fortresses bristled along every frontier. Ironclad movies, he said, stole the harbour and swam the seas, and the military passion has unexpectedly developed even in the remotest East. Thanks to the toloTaph, the world has become a mere bundle of nerves, and the slightest disturbance at one point of the system sends a portentous tremor through its morbidly sensitive surface. Words like these from such a source remind us forcibly enough of the many such disturbances reported of late with most of which Great Britain has been intimately concerned. Venezuela, the Transvaal, and the Armenian trouble brow lit the Empire each in its turn to the verge of war, and since then the Soudan expedition and the disputed frontier in far-off Siam have sensibly disturbed the equipoise of. The notion of Germany with regard to the Transvaal may be said to have directly caused our increased fleet, and if we look further back still the misunderstanding with Russia over the terms of the Chino- Japanese treaty and its consequences, as well as the invasion of the Chitral, are sufficient to remind us that the task of administering the Empire has been something more than more Imperial play. The peace of nearly every European country has been menaced at the same time, for while Russia, Turkey, Gor many, and France have been involved more or less seriously with us, Spain has had her hands full in Cuba, and Italian reverses in Abyssinia have caused the downfall of the Crispi Ministry. For many years past the state of things Lord Dowerin described, with its crush- ing war-taxes and the unsettled feeling naturally resulting from such Titanesque preparations, has been a perpetual menace to peace. Tour by year it has been in- creasingly felt that war was the only natural relief to this abnormal international tension. As Lord Durrant's pointed out with all the weight of professional authority, it would suffice to-day for any one of half-a-dozen august personages to speak above his breath or unwittingly to raise his little finger to upset the unstable equilibrium and precipitate war under circumstances of greater horror than has been hitherto known to the experience of mankind. " It is to prevent catastrophes of that kind," he went on to say, " that we mock, civil-spoken, and mild- mannered persons have been invented." And though these words were playfully spoken, they sufficiently indicate the part played in the world's affairs by the diplomacy of to-day. So far as Lord Dufferin's personal record in this direction is concerned, it is credit- able enough to the nation and to him, and it leaves no known opening for reproach. England's difficulty with France relating to Siam, he claims, has been settled to the satisfaction of both countries, and he hopes for a similar result in connection with the territories adjoining the Niger. But there is a significant silence with regard to Egypt, and Lord Dr/FFEmif has been better advised than to go outside his immediate province to make any reference to the figure our diplomacy cut at Constantinople and Pekin. It would vox the ghost of " the Great Elchi " could be revisit the scenes of his own diplomatic triumphs and compare the results of the modern methods of yesterday with those by which in 1859 he won their Magna Charta for the Christian subjects of the Porte. in the same way it might not be profitable or flattering to our pride of race to compare our recent South African experiences or the process by which Russia obtained what at present looks like a complete ascendency in China, with the diplomatic records, say, made in Persia or in Morocco. If the ways of diplomacy have changed, so also have its results so far as our own nation's share in them is concerned and if the peace of the world has been preserved, it has only been at a price which some of the old School of Ambassadors would perhaps have hesitated to pay. It is the intention of the admirers of Scotland's national poet to celebrate a Burns centenary by next week on the arm Borsari, of his death, and lovers of literature everywhere will lin.id.l_v need to be reminded of the Ayrshire ploughboy and his work in the world The special charm of Burns has always been his naturalness and his sympathy with nature, and this quality of his will always have a magic to draw the literary fashion of the hour from the sapless verse of anromic poo tasters to his songs of the heather bells and w axing coin and lassies dancing on the stones Only to turn his pages is to catch a breath of spring from Scottish hillsides and a glimpse of " autumn with her yellow than It is to see the hawthorn in blossom and the " burnie wimple down the glen," to hear the goodness of his Havelock and mellow mavis, and his 'customs bloodless' in the grove" If these associations are specially vivid to those with whom they are personal memoirs, they are hardly less so, though perhaps in a different way, to all who are susceptible to the charm of songs of the open air And who has taught this better than the rustic bard who, as WorDswonru wrote, " walked in glory and in joy behind his plough upon the mountain side," with a rhyming fancy for every crimson tipped flower and the unstudied graces of every nation said It is these things, and things like those that remain to gladden art and inspire song after many successive share of problems literature have been overlain Systems pass and philosophies crumble away, but the world is always listening with the same freshness of eager interest to the same old story when it turns to these elemental thornes It may be Half dreaming of the love of the nightingale and the lose, or Beluga rhyming of how good it is to live in a garret when one's years ago twenty It may be Horses. turning verses to his Lalage, or Robert Burns was bling of his burns and brain and bone Joan ' of " Highland Mary " The song may differ, but the motto is always and every where the same The manliness of the man is one of his essential characteristics in literature It was how he sang a song that will not be for gotten about the sterling worth of ' homely fare and sodden gray, and of how a man's a man for a that " in a score of stirring lines he proclaimed the independence of honesty and the degraded tion of servile prosperity, and the ing of virility in all this is another of the notes that will keep his verses alive With the irregularities of his life, ok | cept in so far as they limit the general acceptance of his work, literature as such has nothing to do. On this ground he is admittedly open to censure, and he has been censured in full measure, though perhaps by none more bitterly than by himself. But we must take Burns as we find him, remembering that only the Bunxs we know, with all his strength and all his weaknesses, could have given us the point we know with all their keen though sympathetic in- sight into that human nature which, after all, is perhaps the best part of the best of us. "An irreligious poet is a monster," he wrote on one occasion, and the remark correctly indicates his own mental attitude. But the religion of a poet is not always a thing that can square itself with the rules of the Kirk, or confine itself within the judicious limitations of the mind of the parish minister, and it may have been Buhns's misfortune rather than altogether his fault if some of his opinions leaving conduct out of the ques- tion contrasted rather violently with the sombre background of that Calvinistic Protestantism in which his life was lived. But in the result his life was like his songs capricious and wayward, taking colour from the mood of the moment, rollicking gaiety or gloom ; but always with the possibility, as he wrote to that " dear amiable youth' to whom he addressed his rhyming letter of wholesome advice, that Perhaps it may turn out a sang, Perhaps turn out a sermon. Had the case been otherwise Dumfries might have been the richer by a better gauge, or Ayrshire by a better ploughman. But the world would have been the poorer by many " blithe song and merry carol, and for many n present rendered his poems the world would not have been so far on the romance of existence so tender, and a whole chapter of the life lived on coarse, covered hillsides and in old-world rural glens would probably have remained un- written. These songs of Burns, in their tender, ness and naturalness, their native humour and unaffected hedonism, and their frank delight in the joy of living will always stand as a protest against too diseased tendencies of the decadents and against those who would import ' into literature either a realism which is all gross or the sentimentalism of a sickly un. reality. Those who object to the humanism of Burns might do worse than contrast what he has written as a whole, and the spirit in which he has written, with those more modern manifestations in literature which so often come under the same undiscriminating criticism We have lately passed through a sort of witches sabbath of sex problem literature, some of the ingredients of which were not more unsavoury to the moral sense than those the weird sisters in "Macbeth" throw into "the charmed pot." A certain French school has earnest imitators in England to-day and it would be idle to deny the influence its disciples have exerted on public taste. If by some chemical process the moral essence of either of these products could be extracted and compared with that of the feckless, ranting loon who wrote Tam o' Shanter," probably the most merciless flagellation of that " pair body" might be induced to stay their hand. But we hear comparatively little of this sort of criticism of Bunxs now, and for the most part we are left to wonder at the virulence with which he was assailed while he was still writing and just after. It may be that, while a man lives, his personal characteristics take up more of the attention of his contemporaries than the influence he exerts or may afterwards exercise by what he writes. In the case of a poor Dumfries gaugar this was especially likely to be the case. To-day the English-speaking world has forgotten the gauges, and remembers only the poet whose songs drew so clear and fresh an echo from the heart of Nature, and made the gray old world for a moment seem young again. Letters from Lovdok -In his letter this week Sir Henry Lucy speaks of the unlucky year this has been for the Government He mentions the various union and incidents, and institutes a parallel between them and the hampering causes that in 1880 affected Mr Gladstone, and finally brought about the fall of his Government An. account is given of the recent dinner instant at the Inner Temple Reference is made to the re- cruit ng of the l_sxhequer by the duty paid on the estates of millionaires, and to the death of Lady Watson and her connection with the Illustrated Lw don News Our correspondent in his letter " Horns Topics and Events " elite of the bad bungle the Unionist Government has made of Parliamentary business this session, the facts that the lady members are responsible for in the House of Commons (with some instances of "bulls'), the statue of Lord Grain silo to be erected in the Palace at Westminster, the large charitable efforts that are being made on behalf of the funds of Guy's Hospital, the recent hanging cases, and Mr Sydney Grundy's new play, " The Greatest of These " Ticks in Town -In reference to the telegram from Louth in j ester day's paper, stating that a large number of fowls there not being held] by a kind of tick, it may be mentioned that a fall explanation of the matter, supplied by the Agricultural Department, appeared in the Sydney Mail on the 27th June last This pest is a true tick, and is believed to have been introduced from Mauritius, and it is known by the name of Argot 51 continues It is destructive of poultry, and has been known in this colony for about 10 years It is not a cattle tick, confining its ravages to poultry, and though it is a true but, it has but little resemblance, to the dreaded Queensland or Texas fever tick in size and general colour and appearance, these fowl ticks resemble the well known slate coloured "wood-lice" Specimens have been sent to the Agricultural Department from Deniliquin, Bourke, and Nyngan The only remedy appears to be to remove the fowls and thoroughly disinfect the roosts and yards Other measures are mentioned in the article referred to in the Mail Change of Officals at the Ikesch Cox PLATE -Mons Huroreau, Vice consul for France, has been appointed to the position of Vice consul in San Francisco During the absence of Mona third d'Aunet, who has gone to Europe on leave, Mons Rigoreau is discharging the duties connected with the office of Consul General Mona Bourgeois, who is at present Chanceller in the French Consulate at Sh ingham has been appointed to the Sydney Consulate Mons Rigoreau was formerly stationed at San Francisco In 1889 has come to Sydney. He vi will not depart for his new sphere of labours until the return of the Consul General of the arrival of Mons BourgeOis, who, it is understood, will pay a visit to Europe poor to coming here New Houses on Paulumfnt - l no undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed members of a board to confer with the Minister for Public Works, and to collate and determine the particulars necessary for persons desirous of competing for the prizes to be offered for the best design for the proposed new Houses of Parliament, viz? -The Hon G H Hall, M L A ; the Hon Sir John Lackey, K.C.M.G., the Hon Sir Joseph Abbott, the Hon J H Want, Q C, the Hon Alexander Kethel, M LC, Mr W J Lyne, M L A , Dr James Graham, MLA, Mr W.M. Millan, M L A Mr Hool j Clarke, MLA Pinino Wonxs Cosc-ittíb -The Public Works Committee met under the presidency of Mr T T lowing, M.L.A., at the Works Department yesterday afternoon. The report on the proposed additions to the Treasury Buildings was further considered and adopted, and the chairman was authorised to sign it for presentation to the Legis lative e Assembly The report will be tabled early next we eek On 1 Tuesday further consideration will be given to the proposed construction of locks and weirs on the Darling The President of the Land Appeal Court (Mr Alex Oliver-, JI -) will be examined, after which Mr Tegauinll move that the report of the committee on the subject be postponed until after the evidence of Colonel Home, the writer consol vation expert, who has been engaged by the Government, has been taken There is another motion by Mr Wright to the effect that the consideration of the evidence given shall be proceeded with with a view to reporting on the subject to the Legislative Assembly SinNEY (Boys') High School- Mr Joseph Coates has, in consequence of ill- health, retired from the position of headmaster of the Sydney (Boys') High School To fill the vacancy the Public Service Board, on the recommendation of the Minister for Public Iusti notion, has selected Mr John Waterhouse, M A , formerly on inspector of schools Mr Waterhouse is a graduate of the Sydney University), having obtained his degree of M.A. in 1870 no entered the service of the Education, Department on the 1st October, 1883, when he was appointed to the temporary charge of the Sydney High School pending the entry on duty of the late headmaster, Mr Coates in January, 183., Mr Waterhouse was appointed headmaster of the West Maitland High School for Boys, which position he held until he was appointed an inspector of schools in July, 1889 PmiLio Parks at Balmain-a. movements been set on foot having.,' for us object a proposal to reduce the Government to cure the vacant land iu.jHi.ont to the lion Cove Bridge for the purpose of a public recreation resin for the inhabitants in this portion of the district Naval Km s-Captain G Camillo, as. Naval Commandant in Vu tom, and Mrs Neville arrived from Melbourne yesterday "on-Tyne- Como o am-The Kuhne Commissioners returned yesterday) evening jam their tour of inspection of portion of the Western line, and the Mudgee and Parkes and Forbes lines and the Cowra branch, ItAiOTAY CoMe MOTiON -The works of railway construction which are at present in progress are as follows -Narrabri to Moree, 63 miles, Jem done to Bemoan, 21 males and Parkes to Condobolin, 63 miles The Narrabri to Moree and the Tendons to Berrigan lines will be opened at an early date a Railway I->teiu.ooku.o BrAuon -Full time has been resumed in the Interlocking branch of the New South Wales Itailw a} 6 The employees, who are much pleased at the change, have been (.ottrngless than a full week's works into the 26th March, 1892 Local Mutoiioloo. -A meritorious contribu- tion to the knowledge of local weather causes is made by the republication in book form, accompanied with four process plates and many charts, of The co Essays on Australian weather " The first of these is Mr H C Russell's paper on Moving Anti^Cjoloncs in the Southern Hemisphere Perhaps the most striking part of this paper for the average reader is Mr Russell's opinion, that If we could obtain nb!e"T.mB from Buenos Ayres about the weather there it would be possible to forecast the weather in Australia for a month or longer Then follows Mr H A Hunt's prize essay on Southerly Busters, a paper to which was awarded the prize of 3-22, given by the Hon Ralph Abercromby Mr Hunt notices as does almost every old resident of Sydney, that these storms have in recent years much lessened in violence He is disposed to regard them as due to heavy rains in the western legions of Australia The study is very interesting and detailed A word as to its typography may be in place and if so, conception will be taken to headlines inserted in the to-ct Such in a scientific paper might have been better placed in the margin, if employed at nil The third essay is also by Mr Hunt, and is equally novel and instructive of In this paper, written at the wish of Sir Abercromby, the author describes 20 types of Australian weather In these three papers the authors express their sense of the mine of the meteorological data now recorded at the Sydney Observatory, without which indeed these studies could not have been under taken. The printing and publishing is defrayed by Mr Abercromby, who, as in offering his prize, has shown an excellent example of liberality devoted to a most useful province of local] scientific work. The publisher is Mr T V White, Sydney His -voice Snonr From Coittany-Tho North Shore Steam Ferry Company is increasing its- fleet to meet the requirements of the service In May last News loving. Son, and Fletcher a tender was accepted for the hull of a steamer, which is now on the stocks, and being i rapidly pushed forward Tenders are now invited for the building of another steamer Both these now I oats will be fitted with the most recent improvements and with the electric light The company's also preparing plans for a special pontoon for Milson's Point, and for building a jetty on the eastern side of Neutral Bay A new and convenient jetty and waiting room at Hayes-street, Neutral Bay, has been completed Tnr Rozelle! Bay PrnitY Service -The question of bringing about a regular ferry service for the residents on the foreshores of Rozelle Bay, West B iltninn, since the discontinuance of the old line of steamers continues to occupy the attention of those interested At a recent meeting of the Rozelle Progress Association it was decided to to operate with the Annandale Penny Ferry Company, Limited, in the endeavour to get an efficient ferry service to Rozelle Bay HoBArT HosriTVT -Dr E C J Spark, of Summer Hill, has been selected from among 37 applicants to fill the position of house surgeon to the Hobart Hospital, Tasmania New a\d Otn Music Messrs W H Glen and Co , of George-street, forward a mass of music, some of which has been already reviewed in these columns "The Spirit of the Stars " wait, the first subject rather serious in senti- ment, the second v vivacious is a good example of of May Ostler's style " The Wedding Morn," by G H Clutsam, the Australian pianist, has a genuine touch of melodic inspiration, and is pleasing and fresh Denis's " Your Voice is characterised by a clever and effective accompani- ment "the Grey Dove " -waltz, by Areluo Keen, is melodious, and the title page presents a hue portrait of the beautiful Mando Millett Tito Mattei's "The Welcome Shore," is a song for contralto with di lunatic passages and a taking refrain Charles Gounod's "Rest in Peace," the famous " Berceuse " by Godard Cowen's " The Crumpled Roseleaf," Mattei's "Pearls and Rubies" mazurka, and Gwilym Crowe's give full " Peg Woffington " gavotte Tur Bois' moAnE This institution has been removed to the Christian Chapel, 181 s.b both street, near the Hay market, and in its new position should successfully) cope with the work it attempts among lads and young men an average attendance of 12 members per night has been maintained for the last six-' months VITAL STATISTICS.—The Government Statis- tician's report on the vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the month of June, and for the quarter ending 30th June 1896, appeared in the Gazette yesterday. During the past month the births of 1014 children were recorded in Sydney and suburbs, viz 506 of males and 508 of females, being 604 in excess of the deaths, but falling short of the average number of births for June in the preceding five years by 130. There were 33 children born at the Benevolent Asylum (10 males 23 females); 7 (2 males, 5 females) at the "Maternity Home Sydney; 1 male at Darling- hurst Gaol ; and 5 (1 male, 4 females) at the Home of Hope, Camperdown—making a total of 46 in public institutions: of these 38 (12 males, 20 females) were illegitimate. The number of deaths was 410, viz, 221 of males and 187 of females which is 18 below the June critiques nmlaveiago the number of births to every 1000 of the population was 2 18, and the deaths, 100 The highest reading; of the thermometer (in the shale) noted at the Sydney Observatory, was 07 2 on the 28th, and the lowest, 12 9, on the 'nil the greatest range, 18 3, on the 28th , an 'H' The prevailing direction of the wind was N W Greatest amount of humidity , 100 0, in the 4th 7th, 9th, 11th, 13th, 20th, and 24th, and rest 70 0, on the 27th Rain fell on 16 days, the not in amount born ; 11 71 in and the great cost fall, 4 SSin on the Ith The mango rainfall for Time during the previous 10 years was I 72in Number of days lightning, 1 The births for the quarter ending 30th June numbered 3107 (10)5 miles, 1102 finales), and the deaths 1301 (088 unies, GIG females), which are respectively 31 less and 5 more than the number registered during the lame perial of 1895 \- Divine Iran On Thursday evening an excellent i emin el on the railway line between Wentworthville and Toongabbie, on the Western line On lennie Seven Hills the engine was draw in 'over a fully loaded trucks, and on pulling up at Wentworthville the driver discovered that he had only J tiu ks on The driver, according to righthand awaited the arrival of the guard who ( uno along some time afterwards, and repel 1th t the rest of the tram was near Toou girl It were the coupling had broken his Gasp or ChAins Rrvjn-n-Tho man duri s Iluni r, who was admitted to Sydney Hospital on in sday night suffering from a stab in the right side and who left the institution on the following morning contrary to medical advice, returned to the institution yesterday and was admitted for treatment. A Su i trim Li i r Dr Ashburton Thomp wife waited the Palmer illa District Hospital a few days ago for the purpose of examining I patient in the institution who was suffering from a ship e only skin nVcise the patient is a white man After making careful inquiries as to his recent fusion uni critically examining him, Dr Asid union Thoma son reported the matter to the Health Board 1 md the patient was ordered to be sent to Little Bay for close r supervision A Cm BuroftnT-On Thursday morning home bureau and entered the grocery establishment, of Mr T F Ashwood, George street West, and carriers five (ages of imported tobacco Mr Ashwoo I heard a noise in the direction of the case and discharged his i oh oh et On examination being made of the premises the goods stated were missed, but subsequently a couple of the cases were discovered in a place adjoining The burglars had evidently been disturbed A quantity of tobacco was stolen from Mr Ashwood's store about 12 months ago a ^r?BA1IATI0 and musical soiree will be given in her lot theatres in August under the direction sÍ"J"T Juliette Henry and Miss Pedley in aid of the Infants'' Home, Ashfield Av advertise sent in relation to the Neville Cayley art union appears in another column again. SEEN" BURDEKIN, JP, and the Hon Robert Fowler, M LO have been nominated as thraldom of the Sydney Hospital The annual meeting of the Intercolonial Christian in i\«,ocf|V'ioii will be held in the YMCA Hall on M n last evening Asiniici of sacred song will be, given at the st 1174 to morrow evening 1 V the YMCA Arnon ( |,0,r "ml S".",," A J J "welcome in iron rod to all coming Till!' we."??''! MLA. is "calved a letter from an Lritchuti Walk r stating that the Colonial Secretary asamirovoilof JOpuiw of blankets being supplied .m,.,"n "',°,f.l1'0 ""sing poor through the city ST0""10»,(M<»r» Main and Seddon), the former receive 20 pairs for equal distribution in Waterloo and Alexandria and the latter 10 plans for Redfern 