GLACKERY. 'But ettU his toriguu ran on, And, with Its e™rli,ttng;-W, . Set all men Wra upon the mot.— , QcmBtua. . A bmuht of mingled meanness and poverty is preying upon the vitals of CongregattonaiiRmlnMelbonme. Eight djurohes out of ?8 in the city and and suburbs are vacant, while two are nnder lay pastorates. Only five of the 86 are paying stipends ot «800 or more, ranging down to under £100. * uc iLBuiioucoa reconBCruotea nor thern daily is getting very toney all at once. It is now ordalnad that in the front office there shall ba no more 'Where are you, Walter j I say, Alipk ; How are you brushing along Charlie.' It's to be all plain Mr. for the futuie. The boys can't get used to it, and they haven't spoken to one another for two days. A good old soldier of the 96th, Thos. Bryan, a veteran bandmaster, whose sons inherit to a great extent the musical talents of their father, was buried in the Catholic cemetery, Laun oeston, on Tuesday. The City Band played the ' Dead March,' and the members of the Garrison Band were also present out of respect to an old bands man ; but St. Joseph's wouldn't fall in. The death of an old comrade was passed over by them without recognition. Bandsmen are always 'out of tune.' The committee of the Brighton (Vic.) free library livened up a dull meeting hist week by discussing Zola's work, the Ladies' Paradise. A vote taken on the question showed ayes and noes equil. It was then proposed that Dr, Wilson be Rflkcd to read the novel and give an opinion as to it fitness for the library shelve?. The ' medico emphatically de clined, as did likewise Dr. Sprig;. It was Anally decided that the book com mittee should read the book and report upon its morals. Every shop girl in Brighton is now busy digcsu'ng Zila's realisms. Two constables caused a hitch at the Fitzroy Club Hotel, Melbourne, on the 13th, by entering the bar door open after hours. Tho police swore that they removed a towell from a slide window and saw a. min in the bar, and observed that the bar was open. The defence was set up thit the whole affiir was an optical delusion, and anybody standing where the police wete would be confident that there was somebody in the bar. Defendant's counsel was willing to con vince the bench if they would step round to the hotel after dark. The un sympathetic bench nevertheless imposed a penalty of J& 6s., ghost or no ghost, TheEov. H. S. Haweie, who by cleverly annexing the tricks of the Christy minstrel stump orator and judiciously mixing them up with musical theory, succeeded in drawing large and fashion able audiences, having returned to Lon don, is now lashing out at Australians. Thisclever art critic and exponent of the imitative powers of the violin says that in Australia ' the arts languish and evoti pure science is a burden, while music is no more than the banal choir and vocal ineptitude of an English country town.' Such criticism effectually ensures that the funny little man will now be known in our art circles as something more than an exponent of the bray of a donkey and the catterwhaul of Tommy. Thingb are petting rather in a tangle in connection with the Axemen's Associ ation. Meetings of members have been held at Dlverstone and Latrobe, and each passes a vote of cerjBure on the other. The Ulverstone meeting sticks to Nicholas, and the Litrobe meeting sacks him ; consequently ' 'e dunno where 'e are/' It is pretty certain if matters don't mend soon the next carnival will be a frost. At the Latrobe meeting a proposal was made to run the concern into a limited liability company, and at tho meeting at Ulverstone members were warned not to put their money into such a company, as it had not been re commended by the acting commitr«o. There is some dirty business at work somewhere Thc Northern Tasmanian Poultry and Dog Society and the Breeders and Fanciers Asfociation, which have been run ning against one another for some time past, to the detriment of both, have at last exhibited a little common sense and amalgamated. The result is the establish ment of one strong and influential society, quite big euougli tor the place. There is, however, an absence nf some popular uamun from the committe of management, which is the only regrettable feature oi the amalgamation. His Honor Sir Hartley Williams con sidern that ' he prayctli best who liveth best,' and has been telling the Ballarat people so, much to the consternation nf the ordained sky pilots. The judge as an instance of the ineffieacy ot prayer pointed to the Ku Cheng martyrs, who were massacred whilst praying for pro tection from God. When all Kngland was praying for Gcne.al Gordon he was assassinated. When the pink and white terraces of New Zealand were destroyed the Christian Maorics trusted in God, but wete nevertheless boiled alive in lava with their bibles in their hands. When some years ago u train in New South Wales, containing a great number of bookmakers, went over an embankment, many women and children lost their lives, but the bookmaker* escaped with out a scratch . Flesh, blood nud brains are evidently very cheap in Launceston, where the Corporation require a snmrt educated young man to look after all the electric light stores, etc. — a general storeinan in fact with a knowledge of the material under his care for £1 per week. What show has a young man i.'ot wlien the very body to establish and maintain a fair wage is the one to lead off with such despicable underpayments. What a handle for the FVif-.nian. 