THIB SENFREY MYSTERY; OR A Brother’s Vengeance. A Detective Story. By Henry Herman, Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock % Bowden, Ltd, [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED]. CHAPTER IV. “ HINGE AND LOOP.” Before I l»ft Baton Square l toox Morion into my confidence. 111 suppose you were very fond of your master, Morton P" I asked. •« I ehall never get another like him, sir," replied the man “ I would have gone through fire and water for him. I tried all I knew to sxve him; but I assure you, Bir, it was impos sible.’’ “And I suppose,” I went on, “you would be very glad if the man, or the woman, for all I know, who murdered him were brought to justioe ?" "I would that, sir,” Morton replied. “ I’d give nil I have—and I’ve saved up a pound or two—if it could be done.” 111 think it will be done, Morton. Don’t doubt that, though you will not be called upon to help towards it, except by your good-will. I'm a private detective." _ “ I know that, sir," said the man with a smile. “ I’ve heard all about you, sir.” “ Well, since you know it,” I retorted. " it’s all the better. I’m going to try and dieoover who is guilty of this awful busi ness, and you’ll help me, if you can, won't you, Morton F" “ Yoa may rely upon that," said Morton, determinedly and bitterly. “ You o»n call on me early and lato, winter and Bummer. I’d walk from here to Scotland barefooted if I could do anything to further it.” “ That being the esse," I said, “ you can tell me the truth about one thing, beoauas it will be of the utmost importance. Had Lori Senfrey anything to do with that Italian girl P" « Nothing whatever," was the prompt re ply, “ I assure you, except introducing her io a theatrical manager, and lending her money.” ” Of that you’re sure?” I asked. “ Quite sure." he replied. “ I knew all about his little affairs. He’d no secrets from me you sie, sir, and he’d no more to do with that girl O/ano than I had.” “ You’re telling me the exsc.t unvar nished truth I asked ; “ hiding nothing 1 You’re not thinking of shielding yonr dead master's character f” “ I’m telling the absolute truth, sir. > f I were put upon my oath I oouldn’t say a different word.” “ I believe you,” I remarked, “ Have you any idea how that girl came to poison herBrlf, then P” “ None,” was the man’s quick reply. " Do you know whether or not she had a lover ?’’ “That I don’t know. I never saw a man talk to her except once, and that was one day when I took a letter to Mibb Anderson at the Sheridan. You lee, my lord got Maria Orano taken ou at the Sheridan, and while I was waiting for the ball-keeper to bring an answer from Miss Anderson, I Baw the little Italian girl come oat, and a me meat afterwards Count £ codie come ont, too, and they walked down the street together, talking to one mother as if they knew each other quite well.” Count Brodie again. He evidently had the entree of the Sheridan stage—a not very difficult matter, and not an occurrence upon which to found a suspioion of the orime. " That was tho only occasion.” I asked, “on which you Baw Maria Orano and Count Brodie together P" “The only one,” was the man’s rep'y. “Did you ever see Count Brodie speak to Miss Anderson P ’ " He might have done so for all I re member/' Morton replied. “Ha used to be regularly at the Sheridan at nights during the short time my lord went ] .there.” “Thank you," I rejoined. "Lot me! give you one bit of advice, however. Don’t | Bay a word about what you have said to me to anybody. It might get to the Count’s ears, and it might prevent me from fol lowing ont a clue I have in my mind." “ You can rely Hpon me,” said the man. -“I’ll be as silent as a mouse." *' It'B a case of cherchez la femme," I said 0 myself, ss I was walking along from Eaton Square to the Sloane Square Rail ray Station, “ A woman is at the bottom 1 it, that’s certain.” Who was the woman P That vras the uesv'ion. I ran over in my mind the ames pf the ladies who were in any way onnected with Lord Senfrey. There was ,\dy Georgina Rhowdon to start with, but aturally she vraa out of the question, one £ the most lovable and loving girls on' arth, pure-minded and simple, and always loving with a languor whioh by itself aade crime and its attendant violence im* OBsible. Then there was Mrs Alfred Neymer, now ,ady Senfrey. She had been as poor as a hurch mouse two or three days ago, Now , fortune had dropped upon her as from te clouds. She was heartless among the leavfcless. Money was her god—not money or the love of itself, but for what it nought. She loved to fling the gold into ihe streets.” . Could she hava been the instigator of he crime or eytji the actual criminal P ler husband, weak, boneless, purposeless, vbb like an india-rubber ball in her hands, inch a woman, if driven into 6 corner, sight play a desperate card, and risk a Then there came three names, with all of whom, as I now found, Count Brodie ««a in some way connected. There was Maria Orano, whom Morton had seen in ■converse with .the Count. There was Dorothy Anderson, engaged at the theatre viiich he regularly frequented; and there ^ waa, last of all, Lidy Bent, whose particular favorite he seemed to be, and over whom I had little doubt, he had some kind of * ihold. I was turning these things over in my ■mind while I was seated in the railway "carriage going towards Charing Cross. I was alone in my first-class compartment.. It was one of those in which the partition vetna nearly to the top and barely leaves an aperture curved above, and straight below, and barely a foot at its highest. A sudden jar of the carriage, as the brakes were being applied when we reached Victoria, startled me from my thoughts, and I heard two gentlemen enter the next compartment. The train steamed away towards St. James’ Park, and before I could 'fall into self-communion again my atten tion was attracted toward the men in the •.next division. One of them was a ■cotchman by his dialect, “Ahtell ye," he was saying, “et was lust a piece o’ luok sent to e&rrth; from the ■sky for him. Ah’d a bill of hjs for twa thousand poon and ’’ — here the voice ■dropped a trifle, but as I listened at tentively I oould still follow it—“ et was srappoBod to be endorsed by Lend Senfrey, aid Lorrd Senfrey’a segnatnre was a iforrgery." “ You don’t mean to flay so P” said the dther man. “Kt’sas true as the Gospel. Ab’d gi’en him tell the next day at noon to pay et, and the next day at noon he brought me the money and got the bill," " You surprise me,” said the other man. "I always thought Alfred N°ymer to be one of the most honourable of men." “ So ha ’es, ah’ve nao doubt,” the Sootoh man went on. “ Et’s that wife o’ his. Ah ■ipU ye, et jmt wa» a bet of look for him, for ah’d told him that ah would proaeonte him. Of conree, ah would nae ha' done so on the end, but he didna know that.” Here was a discovery. Alfred Neymer had not only been over hia shoulders in debt, as I knew, but he was aotually threatened with a proseoutlon for forgery on the very day when Lord Senfrey was mnrdered. In Buoh an emergency that wife of his might not have hesitated, and, plaoed between Soylla and Charybdis, might have fonght for her husband's liberty by mur dering his brother. I sat still nntll we reached Charing Cross. There, as I got out, I looked into the com partment where the two gentlemen were sitting, and I recognised the Soot as Mr Mnir Maoree, the well-known money-lender of Duke-street. The mystery was darkening. It would require a great deal of Bkllfnl ferreting ont When fgot home, I took the little sorap of paper which I had found at Eaton Square from my pooket and examined it carefully by the aid of a magnifying glass. The letters had been formed by seme one who need a " J ” pen, for most of the side strokes were thicker than the np and down strokes. The paper was smooth, stoat, white writing-paper, probably torn from a sheet of letter or note paper. The quality was good. Jt was ribbed orossways, and water lined straight np and down. One water line was visible on my piece. I oonld find no other water-mark, except in one corner, where a little, nearly triangular mark was barely visible; I looked oarefnlly at the letters. They were formed by an expert writer endeavour ing to disguise his or her identity. Some of the letters were exceedingly well-Bhaped, others were straggling, and oertalnly in tentionally distorted. The first letter on my sorap—the letter “ S ”—was snoh a one, It was a letter which a child In Its first attempt to write might have formed. But the orimlnal had apparently lost Bight of hiB or her purpose when making the laBt letter on my sorap—the letter “ R.” There the first up and down stroke was very thin, and the rounded portion at the top and the portion at the end were both made with vigour and self- asBuranoe, for the loop was beautifully rounded, and the bottom of the “ B ” ont off sharp, showing that the letter had been made with swift ness and decision. The writing seemed to give no Indioation either of a female er a male hand. I In ollned towards considering it the writing of a man. But, then, I argued that very few men ubo a “ J ” pen in the manner that this person had used it, by holding it with the broad part of the point sideways. “It is mostly women,” I said to myself, “ who use a ' J' pan in this fashion.” But, of course, a woman might have written the words, and a man might have sohemed out the horrible business with her. I was thinking over the affair when my glance fell upon Lady Bent's letter, whioh I had received that morning, and which was lying on my table, and my gaze fas tened itself upon it as upon a snake; for that letter, to be sure, had been written with a “ J " pen held sideways. I compared the paper of tne latter with my scrap. There was no similarity. I tried letter after letter on my scrap with letters in her note. There was no resem blance, ∋ of course there oonld be none except the similarity resalting from the writers of the two holding their pens in the same manner. But the faot remained —that aiabolio scrap had been written with a “ J " psn held sideways; of that I had no doubt, and Lady Bent wrote with a “ J ” pen which she held sideways. Tnat was also patent to anybody who saw the letter. My first business would be to obtain specimens of the handwritings of all the people whom I suspected. For that pur pose I wrote a short note to Lady Senfrey, asking if it would be convenient for her to see me on the following morning. I de spatched this by express messeuger. Tneu I sent, by my olerk Weatherby, a short missive to Miss Dorothy Anderson, simply asking a question relating to a friend, then in Afrioa, whom she knew. In the first instance I was quite brill >d ; for the time, at any rate. Lady Senfrey sent her reply by telegram. My note to Mias Anderson came back, simply with the words scribbled in the corner : “ Busy rehearsing. Eon’t know. Excuse scrawl.—D. A.” That, of eonree, could give me no indioation of what I wanted, as it was written with pencil, and most likely while the writer was standing up. I should have to try there again as well. That same afternoon Morton brought Sprat to my chambers. He had combed the little doggie’s long hair and had tidied him; and, in addition to his little silver oollar, had tied a blue silk ribbon round his neck. He had tears in his eyes and could barely speak when he put Sprat down on my sofa. “My lady has been at me again,” be said, “ about poor Sprat, and I thought I’d better bring him to you at once.” There was a gasp and a break ia his voice. “ If my lord knew it,” he said, “ he’d turn in tia ”- He was evidently about to Bay “in his grave,” but he arrested himself. I went up to Sprat and sat myself dewn by bis side and stroked him. TOe little deggie looked into my eyes coldly, bat allowed me to go on without remonstrance. I took him np and put him a little closer to me, and he heaved a big sigh, such as a little dog is sometimes known to utter, and curled himself down by my side, look ing up at me all the while; and after a little Bpaoe of time he put his cold muzzle to my hand and gave one gentle lick. This was, I suppose, as a token that he recognised me as a friend. To me it eeemed that, iE a dog could speak, poor 3prat said, “It doesn’t matter what be comes of me now. My poor master is dead, and you can do with me what you like,” Morton hai brought a little basket with biscuits and some chicken bones, and he spread them all out in a corner for Sprat to eee. Bat the dog was not to be templed, and remained on the sc’a where he lay. “ Ton’ll take care of him, Mr Grey P” he said, half tearfully. “ Yon will, for my poor ford’s sake, won’t yon P ’ “ I will take care of the dog as if he' belonged to me all my life. You can rely upon me for that,” I replied, “ Thank you, sir, kindly,” the man said, and without a further word went out. “ There's a true servant for yon,” I said to myBelf. “ If that man can assist me in my task he will-that I know. Sprat and myself came to be great friends before the afternoon had far ad vanced, but, try what I might, I could not get him to eat anything. I had made up my mind to start my xesearoh that very day. Therefore I gave to ipy clerk, valet, secretary, messenger, and general factotum, Weatherby, all necessary iastruotions about the dog’s keep and treatment while I might be away. , , , , “ I shall have to begin at the beginning, I said to myeelf j “ cud the beginning of all this trouble lay with that girl, Maria it, therefore, towards James-street, Row. I was not long In finding e in whioh the girl had poisoned The number was 132, and it had , dingy, half-squalid appearance of ar Holbom lodging-house. It was four-storey, brown brick building, aileless of ornamentation, the kind that abounds in the districts about in Road. ndowB shone like the surface of a pool with the dust and grime of The knooker on the door was a iron railings of the area suffered milar deoay, and np Ip the regions sky at least two windows were ylth paper. In the sheet of glass 3 doorway a time-soiled card id to all and every of Her Maj esty e ad aliens to boot, that furnished its and bedrooms were to be let. id round the street. It was of that ieel 'respectability which covers a e of sins. In Bnoh a neighbourhood Ull kinds, olaeses, and nationalities ngregate. No olue whatever oonld ded from the exteriors of the n pf the inhabitants within Nobody, it was true, might suspect that a nobleman or a millionaire lived there; but, at the same time, the occupations of the residents oould be snrmised only here and there from little brass plates underneath the bells. No 132 was neither much better nor muoh worse than its neighbours, and might have harboured a fledgeling Milton or a dying Chatterton, or, taking a more pessimistic view, might have ooncealed a murderer, or given shelter to a professional housebreaker, I knew that the police would by this time have therougly examined the room in whioh Marla Orano had ended her young life: but I knew equally well that the late gleaner in the field of'enquiry often gathers a rich straw. I knocked, and the door was answered without! muoh delay by a, sallow-faced, elderly woman, dressed in the slovenly ' remnants of what had onoe been a decent cashmere gown, with a small black worsted shawl tied, crossways over her chest and shoulders, and with her hands cased in ragged blaok mittens. A black cap, adorned with dingy bine ribbons, Bat upon her head; and she kept one hand upon the latch of her door, as if ready to Blam it in my faoe at the slightest provocation. “ And what may’t be you want, air 1 ” she asked groifly. “I Bee you’ve apartments and rooms to let," I answered very quietly and the lady, thus peacefully addressed, relented, and opened the door a little wider. II Come in, sir," she said, "and I’ll talk to yon." 1 entered, and for a moment or two the passage, lit only by the glass aperture over the door, looked to me like a dark cell. The lady threw open a door at the side, and ushered me into a sitting-room famished in the regulation lodging-house fashion: green and yellow striped rep curtains, ohair and sofa ooverB of the same kind, long faded out ef recognition of the original oolours, half broken, oheap china ornaments, and mahogany furniture that had lost its lustre and, here and there, its regularity of con Btruotion. " You must exouse me, sir," she said; "but I’ve been so bothered lately that I don’t knew whether I m a standing ou my head or my ’eels. Is it a bed and sitting-room you want, or a bedroom alone ; and is it for yourself, sir, or for anybody else f—not a lady, I ’op?, sir, because I won’t '.take another lad; in again, not if I know it; not if she was to pay me three pound a week. No, never no more—not while I’m keeping lodgings.’1 I admitted that I wanted rooms for my self, but I expressed myself to be oontent with a bedroom only. I knew very well that Maria Orano had lived on the third floor, aid to get into that room, or near that room, wa3 of oonrse my obj set. "I’ve got a bedroom to let, sir,’’ the woman went on; "in faofc I’ve got two. One ie nine shillings a week, and one is seven shillings; and if you don’t mind coming upstairs, 111 show 'em to you.” I followed her, and was shown to a baok room on the third floor, the one for which the lady demanded a weekly rental of nine shillings. From the description which 1 had read in the papers, I knew that Maria Orano had killed herielf in the oham her opposite. "Ib this the only bedroom to let P” I asked. The woman hesitated for a moment and then rap’ied— " You so e, sir, it’s a hard living one has to get by letting lodgings, and you look a respectable young man, and if you was to oome and lodge here, I'd like to keep yon. I don't like to ’ave lodgers ooming here, staying for a week or two, and then go away, so I’d better tell you the truth, and the whole truth.” “ I’ve got another room, the one in front 'ere, and I’ve been offering to let it for all sorts of prices, but I'm afraid I shan’t be able to let it, because there’s been a wretched girl living in there and killed herBelf—took poison ; and the police have been 'ere, and the Coroner's officer has been ’ere, and Heaven knows only who's ooming here next; and they’ve been worrying my life out, and asking qnestions, and put it all 'down on paper, bo as I don’t know what to Bay next and what I shall be asked next; and if yon’re not afraid of living in a room where a girl— and as nioe a girl as ever you might have seen for the look of her—'as been and killed herself, you oan 'ave the room for seven shillings a week, and it’s a oheap room, I oan tell yon. It’s a front.room, and nioely furnished.'’ “ Very well," I Bald; " I’m not afraid of ghosts, and I'm not afraid of people who kill themselves. Dead paople oin do no harm. I think I’ll have a look at the room/’ It proved to be as pleasant a ohamber as one might have expected to see iu that house, Two flower-pots, whioh the dead girl had evidently bought, still stood on the window shelf, and the furoiture-oovera and hangings being of bright, if half washed out ohintz, made the room look a little lighter aud moro oheerfnl. " I think this will do,” I said. " I’ll take yoijr room ; and to make sure that you shall be ail right and come to no grief,” I added, opening my parse, here’s a fortnight's rent in advance.” The promptly proffered coin was probably sufficient evidenoe of my oharaoter as a desirable lodger, for the sallow - faosd lady immediately volunteered the state ment that her name was Matilda Kooney, and that her huBband, dead and gone these ten years, had left her with seven children to support, and one of them a oripple that never could walk from its birth, and that she’d a hard struggle in the world to make both ends meet and get a hot joint on a Sanday ; and that she'd be glad to know when I d bring my luggage, for she’d have the room tidied np a bit. How long the peroration might have lasted nobody might have told ; but 1 stopped Mrs Rooney's flow of speech by telling her that I had walked a good deal that day, and that if Bhe did not mind, I wonld lie down and have a shqrt rest, and later in the afternoon I would sally forth and return in the evening with my belongings, " Quite as you wish, sir," Mrs Rooney replied with an old-fashioned ourtsey. " You’ve paid your rent for a fortnight, and for a fortnight the room’s yourB, though I do ’ope, sir, as you’ll stay muoh longer,for all my lodgers, when they onoe oome here, don’t seem to be in no hurry to go away, though Bogie of them do owe me a mint of money, sir, more than you’d ever believe any man with a ’eart in hie body would owe t’ a poor widow with seven children to support, and one of ’em a oripple from hii birth.” I took off my coat and hung it npon the peg behind the door, and tins movement seemed sufficient indication to the lady to take her d<p \rtnre. " All right, sir," she Baid; “ a wink with a coal hammer’ll do for me. I’m off. Yon go and have your nap, and then go out and fetch your trunk in the evening. Good day, sir, and pleasant dreams to you.” I was installed in the very room where Maria Orano had killed herself. I looked about the place, but of course it bore no sigps of the tragedy that had taken place within it. I war about to go to the chest of drawers to open that, when the tratpp of a man was heard on the Btairoase, and I stepped to the door and gently and noise lessly locked it. The Btep3 approached, and for a second stopped on the landing outside my room, Then they passed on, seemingly, to the door next to mine. I could hear the man try the handle. "O esl he said, in a quiet voice, the sound of which I seemed to know, and somebody within ths next room rose, went to the door, unlocked it, and the man out side entered. I could not hear the conversation, but the ring of that voice remained in my ear i like the echo of one I had heard before. I crept to the wall and listened, but could dear nothing. After a while a slight noise 'eaohei me aB cf a man in the next room dressing. Then footsteps, this time of two men, could be heard on the landing out side. The men, whoever they were, went downstairs, I could hear the hall door slam, and then I stole baok to the winiow and raised it, keeping my hand before my \ After a few eeooads f Icokfd out guardedly. The two men were strolling leianrely abng ihe pavement away from the house. Ttie figure of one of them was quite familiar to me | but it was only at the next crossing, whera they turned at right angles, that I recognised him. He was Count Gyffa Broii*. (To be Continued). 