?OHAPTERVII. A STRANGE WOOING; ' I must go down, too, Marion said smiling.. ' While Lenoro is ill I have to play, the hostess as well as lean. Go down to the others, Valentine, and when I have bathed my oyes, to take away all signs of tears; I will join you. ? The mistletoe was the excuse, for many more kisses, and then -they parted, unconscious that tho ser ipont had indeed lurked in the Eden of thoir lovo ; for from a curtained doorway near, Lenore and- Dr.' Larondie had listened to the' words that had bound their lives together, . , Aniid ..the shadows they stood motionless' until Verdon had dis appeared j then, slowly and silently; looked in to each other's oyes. . No words woro- spoken, but the glance was eloquence,, and -both understood. . Lenore's white teeth wore closed upon her . nether ?? lips, her hands were clenched, and ? glid ing forward with a. noiseless step, sho led tho way along* tho corridor in tho direction Marion had taken. Tho girl went onward uncon scious of the shadow lurking be hind. Her whole soul was absorbed in tho greatness of her overwhelm ing joy. Now that Bhe has .once broken the bonds with . which her father's pride had sought to bind her, she gave herself up heart and soul to the happiness of her love dreom, and the whole world seemed bathed in roseate light. '.? . She could laugh at Larondie's passionate protestations now. What to her where his threats when she had Valentino.- to protect ? her ?— what mattered poverty or hardships if they came ? — for she would bear them no longer alone, and by, his side any yoke might be light. . . At the end of the corridor was a long o'riel window, opening so. near the floor that it- was almost a* .door, and gave easy. access to, a wooden balcony that rra ..along, tho. house, leading by. a flight of stops to.J;he ground,, Marion paused as- she reachod tho window, and stood look ing' out at the snow-shrouded gar den, iying white and glistening... in the frosty -star-light, the darkpiuos showing like h. 'blade belt .b'oyondt and pvoi!.. all, thoM dear night sky, bottiitiful with its myriad of stars, that novel1 seem so near, and yet so faiy as oiv a winter's night, ? It was at these1 stars. Marion looked, her lieart thrilling with true ?joy 'and love. Sho sank- upon her knees before the ttill window, that faint light falling on her palo faco, lurking in the depths of her !ovo tilled oyes. ? ? ': '? Father,' she whispered, and in tho starry stillness her - rapt soul seemed- to leave tho earth to reach tho boarders of the infinite 'father, you loved mo too' well to bring about : my unhappiness; If yqu nan hear | uio now, forgive my disobedience; give me some sign that you will send your .blessing on my love.' ; . The carol a had eoase'd, and here at thisi'Qmoto end of tho house, utter, silence- .reigned-rr-a. silence' .intense and nbsoluto— only broken -by? «tho .slow throb /of. . hor. : own .heart.-.. Her oyes were rested to tho starry sky stili,,when suddenly they* fell, drawn down to earth by some vague instinct that was surely .moro than human sense. ,- There. was a movement, shadowy, undefined; amid the blacknoss beneath the pinea, then slowly two figures came into the open space of the snowy lawn. Marion watching breath lessly, , saw thoir ^outlines clearly, ftiiQ'ono was ?.small arid slight, a Woman or a child, -clad in some dull grey stuff, and grasping his hand, sho seemed to lead her companion forward. ./'; , ..'. » ?' ! The othe)1 figure was- that of an ojdman, who seemed bont by great ago^ov trouble, and Marion as sho saw 'him felt her heart thrill with a vogue terror too great for'wprils. , .Tlipy had reached tho 'midst of; the lawn, when' they stopped, and a low cry of terror rang wild and wdilin'gly, across1 the snow.- Tho givVluui paused, and with her hand upraisod, seemed pointing 'ta ,'tho window were Marion knolt; ' ! Slowly the man- lifted his- bowed head, the nioorilijg-ht streamed upon! his face, aiuV for one breathless moment Marion looked once/ more' into her dead father's eyes. For tho face and1 form alike woro those of Sir Luke, altered yet tho same; and as he fixod his- eyes upon 'the window where she knelt, they, seemed to blaze with' anger and with pain. ,,.,., r , She did not cry out or'moyo'; her lips could utter no .sound ;' her; limbs were powerless. It was j\h if a paralysis' had. nunibed , every nerve, aud the greatness 'of her horror had changed hor suddenly to stone. . Yet her brain, livid aucl wild' and distorted though her thoughts might be, moved at light* niug speed, so that sho endured a lifetime's agony in that one moment's space. The legend of Earlcsniero th.at she had told that night' with' laugh. ing lips ran in hor mind again. Surely thOjdiin figure sho saw waB that of tho white lady, leading the ghost of Sir Luke to' his old home to call a curse upon his daughter for her disobedience. Fierce and angry his oyes glared up at the window, every line of his faco plainly visible in tho moon light, and Marion, seeing him, could not doubt that he had come from. the weird spirit land, to for bid her marriage with the man she loved. ' The human . agony of that thought was great enough to break her trance of superstitious despair. For an instant she hid her face in her- hands, ? as a , low moan broke irora Jier lips, and when she raised her head again the vision had fled, fgr tho wln'to lawn lay shimmering in the starshino,. unbroken by any form or shadow. 1 ' She was alone—alone in her misery— with the though]; that the dead had risen from the grave to darken all love and happiness from her lonoly life. '?? . ; To 'be continued. 