SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CON FERENCE. The morning exercises in connection with the Seventh Day Adventist Conference on the Unley Oval camp ground were conducted by Pastor Darnells on Monday. The morning session of Conference was occupied with the consideration of tract society work. Miss A. I<. Ingete, the secretary, read the annual re port The charches at Malrern, Geelong.and Perth were reported ma having organised com ranie? to work in thp interests of the eociety. The fiscal year' was- ckeed three month* earlier than osaa!, so th*i &c; re port covered ' only' nine months.' Daring this time the total sales effected by the society amounted to £6,2*5. The periodicals circaUted numbered 183^324. These did not include many thousands of free copies which had been distributed. .The cir culation of the Bible Echo bad increased to 146.000. The Sydney church held first place in Echo selling, Arieltide second, and Frahran (Victoria) third. Letters bad been received from all parts of Australasia during the year at $be eociety'e office, many of them from people in remote districts, whose interest in truth had been developed by casual read ing ?of the society's literature.' These were very encouraging. A succession of Tdrbal reporte from -workers followed, and had not concluded when Hie'meeting adjourned. " The word of God and human lite" was Pastor Haskell's theme at 11 o'clock. He said it was as true as ever to-day that man did not and could not live by brwxi alone. Morethanevermen were dependent upon the Word of God; aodin the tribulation of the Uatdaj?, now close upon us, it looked as if. God's children would have little else upon which to live. He claimed for the Bible the most implicit and simple faith. It must be taken as it read or not taken at all. Mnchofit would jiot be ondaratood, bn^ajU of it must be believed. In the afternoon Mrs. White began a aeries of "health talks."' For a. number of years she had bean -led to teach people the necessity ol caring for "their bodies as well as their .sonls. The ?posde besought all men to present their bodies * "livmj; sacrifice.? Total abstinence from in toxinating liquor was only afmaU phase of the temperance question. She would carry total abstinence- mnch farther. Tobacco smoking, tea and coffee drinking And flesh ahonlrf be put into the cateEDry of useless ana hurtful stimulants. The body was the temple of the Holy Ghost. TaeHolyGfabstaadbeeninrited to inhabit come very unclean temples. The appetites and lusts of the flesh most be as poei tively operated upon by ChristiMiity as any otuer part of the bong. Jneatuur sod sleep ing people were just as liable to intemperance as in liquor drinki&j;?,. In many .instances people's lives were made np of a series of little leasts, tbe #11*1^ >^it?r^<yi the feastmic being used in preparation for the succeeding one. Many people could not do witu less than five meals per day. She managed with two, and on them could regularly, begin her morning'B work at 3 o'clock. Let them eat and drink and do whatever they did to the giory of God. At 3 o'clock Pastor Farosworth opened his study;on the "ttighteausneea of God."- fie believed in jn?tttiration by faith. Tbe law could never justify a, man. Christ was the justifier of the ungodly. The law stood as the standard of God's righteousness, but could not itself confer'that righteousness. After a sinner had been to Christ and got His righteousness ,the law witnessed to its pnptiiwi^fif^ft, Though.justified .by Christ the man who dared to violate God's law would be condemned by that l&w;: and from that con demnation only Christ could -again release him. To the man who had-Christ in his heart the law oi God was the law of liberty. , A very attentive *udience packed the pavi lion in the evening. Pastor Hawkins addressed them on "Scriptural holiness." At the con clusion of the service Pastor Danieils answered from the Bible several written questions which had been handed in, and cordially invited those present to send along any romnnahlfi questions they desired to have answered. 