COOLGABDIE ITEMS. FFrom our Own Correspondent.! May 12. I Notwithstanding the fact that at the present time there is plenty of aurplus labour in Coolgardie and on the wbote of tbe goldfields of Western Australia, yet more of it is arriving daily with the trains, aud it is surprising where all the people are making for. Those coming in from outside complain that the work is scarce at present, bat through the aid of the railway, which his since its coople tion to here enabled a lot of machinery being brought for tbe various claims outside of Coolgardie, more work has been <be result and oaany a weary wanderer has been able to get employment. A* was expected, a little trouble has arisen about wages. At tbe 25-mile a small strike was the result of a cut, but with little asking the men gained their point. Another thorn in the sides of good miners is the fact that at one of tbe claim* not tar distant from here there were no less than 10 Afghans employed at lis weekly, but I believe that grievance ha* been remedied by their discharge. S'nce the completion of the railway to this place our worthy Mayor (Mr A. W. MacDonald) has had anything but a rosy time; perhaps not altogether his fault, but be certainly was to blame for not inviting Mr Moran, M.P., member for this district, to speak at the banquet in connection with the opening of tbe rail way. Several letters appeared in tbe local Press referring rather roushlv to His Worship for this. At an open-air meeting recently the crowd would not give him tbe ghost of a chance to speak, and wouldn't even allow him to have bis name connected with several resolutions, which were to be wired to the Premier (Sir John Forrest), passed at tbe meeting. Then again the firm of Messrs MacDonald and Cosgrove had to appear at the Police Court for illegally keeping psrt of a<i amount received for a condensing plant sold for a Mr Brermsnn, who through ill health had to give up working it. But Mr MacDonald was proved innocent with little trouble, he having proved that he had no connection with the matter in dispute. At a welcome to the ex-Mayor (Mr Shaw), who arrived here last week, Mr MacDonald utterly broke down when making mention of tbe case, and told tbose present that if be bad erer done anything dishonest since be left bis mother's knee he would never have entered the Council Chamber doors. At the last meeting of the Council Cr Lerin son asked tbe Mayor whether it was bis intention to still bold his position in the Council after tbe recent developments. His Worship said yes he was going to do bis duties as Mayor for the twelve months, and bad it not been for bis (Cr Levinson'f) money being put into the case his name would never have appeared in the Court at all. Cr Levinson is now going to make HiB Worship prove bis words; so, while it is an honour to hold the position, it is not all " beer and skittles" to be Mayor of Coolgardie. A racing club bas been formed here and a programme issuei for the 7th and 8tb of August, at wbicb £1,000 (the largest amount yet offered in Western Australia) will be given away in stakes. Several new buildings are being erected, and, judging by their appearance, the owners must consider that Coolgardie is a town likely to grow rapidly in the near future. Like every otber goldfield in its early days, Coolgardie is naturally well supplied with camels. But, while admitting tbe usefulness of these animals, there is always a certain amount of danger caused bv their appearaoce where there are horses, as was proved only Saturday. A loose one was running down the tEannans road about a mile from the town- and caused a team of horses attached to a wagon to take fright, wbicb made the team following them bolt also. It was most providential that something serious did not result. Tbe shatter of one team stood on his head with half the wagon on top of him, but when be was released, muob to (he surprise of the onlookers aud pleasure of the driver, not a scratch was to be found on him. Tbe other team, whose career wat not stopped so suddenly, went a little further down the road, and was only pulled up by the wagon falling in a 4-foot hole. Quite a number of splendid specinens of gold-bearing qunrtz have been broaght in from outside during the last fortnight, inelifding one from near Nolan's Great Find, which weighs altogether about 100 ounces. It is calculated that their is about 70 ounces of gold in the stone. Siskness is very prevalent here at present, all the Hospitals, both Govern ment and private, being full of patients. Fever, io the majority of cases, is not so dangerous as heretofore, nearly all the fatal cases coming from the surrounding districts. 