GKENEBAL GLEANINGS. Extracts from the Pastoral Letter of the archbishops and bishops of australia assembled in second plenary council. To the Clergy and Laity of their Charge ( Continued.) Venerable and Beloved Brethren of the Clergy, Beloved Child ren of the Laity,— i the catholic home. Beloved Brethren of the Laity - - The foregoing exhortations which we have addressed to your pastors are prompted chiefly by the desire to pro mote your spiritual and temporal wol- fare ; to see you grow in all knowledge and understanding, so that when we shall appear before our Divine Master who hath given you life, and sent us to minister unto you that you should have it more abundantly, we may be able to present you "a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a pur chased people " (i. Peter ii., 9), "a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, nor any snoh thing ; but . holy and without blemish " (Eph. v., 27). Remember your call ing : You are fellow-citizens of the saints ; you are the domestics of God. No one can make unto himself a per manent habitation here below. Every man is a sojourner, and at most only a few years. But on entering the Church of the Living God, here on earth, yon are already enrolled amongst his child ren ; if you are not within the sanctuary where He reveals Himself, you are in the vestibule of His everlasting temple. His eye is upon you ; Ho lias taken you under the Bhadow of His wings. You are His elect; you tire precious fn His sight, for the price paid for your enfranchisement and exaltation is the life bdood of His only begotten Son. Great we favurs which he be stowed of old on the Jewish people yet immeasurably greater has he wrought on your behalf, lhe words of warning- and exhortation addressed to them come borne far more forcibly to you : " Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou Bhalt love the Lord . our God with thy whole heart aud with thy whole soul and with thy whole strength ; and these words which I command thee this day Bhall be in thy heart . And thou shalt tell them to thj children; and thou shalt meditate upon them Bitting in thy house, and walking on thy journey, sleeping and lising" (Deuter. vi.t 4-7). VVe cannot belong to God by halves. He loves us, as He has created and redeemed us, disin terestedly; but He will have us wholly and unreservedly. His service is not for the Sabbath only, nor for stated seasous ; it is not confined to external rite.i ; the Catholic must have the word of God iu his heart ; must tell them to his children ; must meditate upon tham siting in his house, and walking upon his journey, sleeping and rising. The consciousness of God's adorable presence, the light of His Divine Work, and the light-giving action ol His grace, impart to the Church heavenly comeliness ; yet all her beauty is from within, jslie Jis truly beautiful in the eyes of God and his angels, because she is made np of families and individuals that aie filled with the glory of the Living God. The Catholic soul and the Catholic home are the first templeB to be built up. Cathedrals, churches, are all bnt means ; their end and sim is the Catholic home, the Catholic character. Within these precincts the Divine Presenca is less miraculous, comes less " with observa tion " Lord chose to manifest Himself to mankind at the Tempie of Jerusalem rather thau in the cottage of Nazareth, it was at Nazareth that He surrendered Himself to human guidance, to humau i oontrol, and lingered for years under that sweet yoke, as if unwilling to forego the joy of fia&etf;/yitJg one chosen homo. Joseph, the patient, unmurmuring, toil ing housefather was schooled and forti fied in those silent years to bear the grandeur of his unique elevation as Patron of the Church ; and Mary added grace to grace, living au iniensest life of holiuess in those years of merit when God was incarnate amongst men as if almost for her sake. Here we have set up for remembrance the pattern of the Catholic home. The child , be he talented, learned and superior in whatsoever de gree, is still under the law of parental subjection. He is not wiser, holier, more powerful than Jesus. To impress him with this fundumetiM.1 truth, God has not only declared his commandment, that we must obey father and mother : He has gone further still. Iu the mys tery pf the Incarnation He has contrived to interweave the releation of home with the plan of the world's redemption, touching theui with its divine virtue, and exalting them to a heavenly dignity. The relations of parent to child ariJ child to parent, of husband to wife and wife to husband, bad been sacred from the beginning ; henceforth they partake of the divine. , And hence it is impossible that what God hath so blessed and put together, man may rashly part asunder. The vows of Christian marriage are sacramental. The Holy Ghost sets a divine seal upon the pledge of mutual lifelong fidelity which unites husband and wife in holy matrimony. Hitherto He gave them graces in accordance with their individual need and dispositions ; henceforth He provides them over an i above the former measure with special aids and sanctities. . And, it they are obedient to Him and faithful to each other as the years accumulate, bringing with them young souls to be educated for the society of saints and angels and the divine adoption of sonship, He will multiply His blessings beyond their cares, filling their souls with such abund ance of spiritual life, that being at length ripe for heaven, they will find it eaBy to detach themselves from earth. God is faithful to His word. They who enter holy matrimony in a state of sanctity and persevere in His love will infallibly be supported by His right hand in all their trials; trials and labours they will accept. They will rejoice to belike the patriarchs of old ; but their end will be, like theirs, in peace, and their name will bebeld in honour. Why is it that bo many homes are not happy ? That wives are broken hearted, husbands desperate, children disobedient, contemptuous ? Chiefly because the Catholic ideal is lost sight of in the home life; because the graces by whioh God would purify every family relation are wantonly rejected. How can the drunkard, how can the libertine have a happy home or respect ful children ? How can the Grace of God be upou a family who neglect the first condition to obtain it — holy prayer? Our Divine Saviour has promised us that if we ask in His name we shall receive; but he has not promised to lavish grace upon us unless we ask . Prayer is the condition upon which Our Heavenly Father has vou- safed to offer us eternal life, He desires to keep us always in mind of Him daring onr sojourn in this life. It is for our good that we must pray. And what is of precept for the individual is no less so for the family. Every Calholis home ought to be a place for prayer. The father, being, in a sense, "appointed," for the household, "in the things that appertain to God," ought after the pattern of holy Job, lift his hands to heaven, and with the morning light offer the holocaust of a pure heart to God in behalf of the entire futnily. The mother is bound to teach her children as soon as tbey are capable of it, how to make the morning offering and to go through their morning prayers with devout attention, realising to themselves that they are in God's ador able presence. As they grow up, it will be the parents' duty to instruct them how io make a shoit reflection or meditation on some one of the great truths or mysteries of pur holy faith; and this should be done each morning oy every member of a true Catholic family. It is not for waut of lime that so many persons omit it; very few minutes out of their ?/ukiijg hours need be spent upon it; and surely God K has a right to some small part of the day, seeing that every breath we draw and thing we have we owe Him throughout the whole twenty-four hours. But the evening prayer in common ought to be Btrictly adhered to all the year. Certainly in Lent and Advent no true Catholic family will omit the eveniug prayers in common. If the father is not away it will be hi duty to president this family «lev«»tion. In his absence the mother or th« el Jest, son should do bo. And for the evening prayer wo would recommend especially the Holy Rosary. Five decades will not take long ; and what u beautiful offering of heart and soul to Almighty God is implied in this wonderful blend ing of petition and meditation. The Rosary has come down through long ceotu.ies of Catholic experience ; it is recommended by the practice of devout millions, and by the prodigies wrought through its use. It is enriched with countless indulgences, and proposed to the faithful as the ordinary means of multiplying the hands and swelling the voices lifted up to God all over the world in supplication and thanksgiving. When the Catholic household unite iu this devotion before retiring to rest, they are uniting with thousands of other Catholic families who, at that same hoar, are offering the self same petitions. We have dwelt on the necessity, of family prayer, because if this doty towards God is faithfully dis charged, no other will be slighted. If on the other hand the head of the house hold is remiss in prayer, if the children and domestics are suffered to pay little attention to it, then the family has dropped from its true Catholic level, and other duties religious and moral run a corresponding risk of being taken lightly. MIXED MARRIAGES. The Apostles give us the follow ing picture of a true Catholic home : " Let women be subject to their husbands, as to the Lord ; for the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the Church. . . Husbands love your wives, as Christ also loved the Church, and de livered himself up for it. . . Child- dren obey your parents in the Lord. . . And you fathers, provoke not your children to anger ; but bring them up in the discipline and correction of the "Lord. Servants, obey your masters in the flesh, with fear and trembling, in the simplicity of your heart, as Christ with a goodwill do ing service, as to the Lord and not to men." (Ephes. v. vi.) Here every office is perfect, because it is inspired from on high ; the husband loves the wife after the pattern of pure, disinterested, self-sacrificing love which Christ has manifested for the Church. The father sees in his children a charge given him to be brought up in the discipline and correction of Christ : he feels that he must exhibit the firmness of the Christian confessor, yet the gentle ness which becomes a disciple of his meek and humble Master; that he may not yield to the weak prompting® of flesh and blood indulging the foolish caprices of his children, nor yet may he spoil their unfolding characters by provoking them to anger through want of restraint over his temper. The wife's love for her husband is sanctified when she is bidden look up to him as one YfllQ Is given her as the gpposentative of Christ himself. The feelings of the heart are intensified and endowed .with a perennial freshness because they are nourished from a Divine well-Spring. The children look up to the father for he is the Lord's vicegerent claiming at once their affection and reverence-. The ser vants and domestics \yill be. honest and sincere, because they super- naturalise the service they pay to their earthly master by looking upon 'him as one who stands fin the place of their Divine Lord. Nor let us be surprised at this- Quj heavenly Master has told us that all our charities to the poor and afflicted, if done in Hi's name, may be taken, :ind are taken, bv him ijonft to Himself, ft q i ytn-y 'life of' the i Catholic (r.hnr-ch, of the Catholic | home, of the Catholic heart. A heart that gives but a divided service to Him is not His ; a home that wor ships Him by halves or in contradic- tory ways is not modelled on his own peaceful, prayful home at Nazareth ; it is not a Catholic home". We can not, dearly beloved children in Christ, hold peace and suffer you to run the risk of losing your souls and causing the eternal ruin of your children, by setting up a home where Christ is not the same to every member. We do not expect that those who are bereft of our faith should under stand the force of our remonstrance. We do not address them, but you, dearly beloved, who are gifted with this vision and instinct from above, who would rather suffer the loss of all worldly goods than expose your faith to danger, you, surely, will appreciate the gravity of this appeal Ave make to you, to stand -firm by the Church's discipline, and maintain in your homes amongst your children and in your conversation with the world at large an unshaken lo'alty to the spirit of the Church's dis cipline in regard to mixed marriages. We do from time to time grant dispensations for such marriages. ' But' do not be deceived ; it is always with misgivings and sore reluctance. For although happy instances are not few of children who have grown up good devoted Catholics in such homes, yet it is but too sure that in many cases the results, spiritual and even temporal, prove disastrous. We speak now of mixed marriages contracted even under the permission of the Church, cases, moreover, in which the Protestant husband puts ho positive hindrance in the way of his wife's and his children's religious observance. The worldly minded will decide in favour of such a " liberal-minded " husband, and cast the blame upon the Catholic wife; perhaps upon the Church itself. But, brethren, does the Apostle not call upon the father to " bring up the children in the discipline and cor rection of the Lord ?" This age of wealth and pleasure worship would gladly leave religion to women, as beneath the attention of men. To teach the children their prayers and catechism and to take them to Mass, and prepare them for their first Com munion, all this for a while may be permitted to women. By and bye, if the men are emancipated, the women will follow their example, and then the reign of Christ will be at an end. This frantic hatred of Christi anity is not a new spirit come into the world in these latter times. The enemy of man's salvation has had allies of this description, active and- unscrupulous, ever since the begin ning. We are not alarmed or dis heartened by what they say or do against our holy faith. We are strong in the consciousness of its hold upon your hearts ; and therefore it is that we recall your minds to the position which the Apostle assigns the father in the office of training the child to Christian virtue and Christian knowledge. " Fathers, bring your children up in the discipline and correction of the Lord." And how can the father, who is not himself a Catholic, how can he, even if he wished to clo so, bring up his child in the discipline and correction of the Lord, as it is understood and taught by the Catholic Church ? How could truths, so imperious, command the obedience of the child, who per ceived that the teacher he revered above all ethers did not himself respect them. But we need not dwell upon this extreme considera tion. The Protestant father at the best simply lets things alone. And then what a contrast in the home to what the Apostle would have, to what the Church would have, to what common sense would have, in ?! Catholic household ? In all that makes for the edification and dis cipline of the home, he who is divinely appointed to be the head, the. inspirer, the master is absent from his post. This is, indeed, bad enough ; but it is unfortunately far li-om the common type of mixed! homes. The Protestant parent for the most part does not conceal his contempt for his wife's religion ; frequently he does his worst to .make the children despise it as well. He collects all the stale calumnies of Protestant tradition ; he dare not attack the Church as it comes under his wife's, and his children's observation. But the Catholic Church is so ancient, she covers so many lands, and calumny is so hard to refute when it takes refuge in remote quarters ; hence the poor wife can do little else at best than possess her soul in patience while she hears her religion travestied and ridiculed. This is the assistance she receives to educate her children in the fear and love of God ; this is the fashion after which their father helps " to bring them up in the discipline and correction of the Lord !" The happy wives of Protestant husbands ! How many would be satisfied even if they had no further, difficulty to bear with. They would put up .with scorn and ridicule, and hope by prayer and instruction to form their children's minds and hearts tn the knowledge and love of . our Divine Lord and His Blessed Mother, and of His Holy Church, the pillar and ground of truth. But they will not be suffered that small indulgence. The father, urged by a blind hatred of the Church, will insist on taking the children with him .to his own Church,- or if he be fustrated in this will have them attend no Church at all, and forbid them go to the Catho lic school. The wife will perhaps for a time struggle for independence, appealing to his sense of honour, and to the pledge he had given at the time of marriage. That day is past. The illusions and complaisances of that time are dead and burried. He perhaps regrets his former weakness in having yielded to the dictates of an alien Church. He knows he may not flout that Church with impunity and he is determined its ordinances ' shall not cross his authority in his j own house. And very often the poor j wife yields sooner or later to his superior will, content she may wor- j ship God by stealth ; coming alone I before the altar; more lonely and more disconsolate than if she were utterly childless. Many a time such mothers have said that their only consolation was bound up not with, the children who survived, but with those who had gone before them in the freshness of baptismal innocence. (To be Continued.) 