SOCIAL TO DE. COGKBUBST AND ? ,?? ' ./? MB. LANDSEER. ,' .-, V A LARGE GATHERING. One of the largest gatherings that has ever assembled at the Mount Barker Institute met there on Tuesday evening in order to do honor at a social to Dr. Cockburn and Mr. A.. H. Landseer, the recently elected members for the district. The ladies took a great interest in the arrangements for the social and as a result of their untiring efforts over .400 electors sat down to an excellent cold collation, many having to be provided with seats at tables arranged on the stage and iii several of the smaller rooms. The members were accom panied from the city by the Treasurer, Mr. King O'Malley, M.P., Herr Rassrnussen, of Sydney, and Captain James Ritchie. Mr. H. A. Monks presided. The Chairman eaid the Liberal victory was one of the greatest that had ever been won in the district. They had not only to contend against tho defeated candidate, but that large body known as the National Defence League, which, ever since women had been accorded the franchise, had done all it could to strengthen its side. The Liberals of the dis trict had fully determined to combine, and they had the support of many producers, and no man had done more for the producers than Dr. Cockburn during the past few years. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Landseer al?o deserved their heartiest thanks for his action in sup porting Dr. Cockburn. „ Mr. h\ R. Smith read Rn address of con- j gratulation to the members signed by some 70 residents of Littiehampton. Mr. J. C. Ranheli. said the splendid gathering that evening, showed thut tho people of the town were satisfied with the services of their old members, ivliom he heartily congratulated on their victory. So long as they stuck to the came of liberalism they would find that tho electors would stick to them. (Applause.) Three cheers were then given for the mem bers Tor the district and one for. the Govern ment. The Minister of Education, who was received with loud applause, thanked them very heartily for -the congratulations that had bscn accorded the members. Reference bad been made to the victory of the members, but he considered that it was the victory of the people and a vindication of a national polic? for the colony as opj ;used to all those forces which have been in tho way of our develop ment and prosperity. It was a vindication of the policy of the producer, the industrialist, the shipper, and even of the professional man, because all depended upon the producer. (Hear, hear.) Why had they had this vindi cation? Bocause they had provided the producer with cheap money, and had found markets for his products. (Hear, hear.) They had also determined that the taxation should remain on the broad wealthy shoulders that could well afford to baar it. Had the people failed on the occasion of the recent elections the colony would have been stopped in its course of progress. Yet he was told a few days ago that neither lie nor his colmgue had a ghost of a chance of being returned. (Laughter.) Such an occasion as the present might well make any man's heart proud, and a proud man he felt that evening. The advent of women into political life had increased the national spirit, because men did not look to the future of a country with the same degree of_ anxbty that women did. The future lies in the hands of the young of Australia, and who therefore could have a greater interest in that future than their mothers? He felfc that a great deal of the victory of the campaign was due to the fact that women had brought into the contest that deep earnestness which characterised their lives. (Hear, hear.) Such a spontaneous meeting as had assembled that evening was, he thought, the result of pledges carefully made aud faithfully carried out. (Hear, hear.) It had been a campaign without a glass of beer or a cup of tea, and they had neither to bribe a man nor a woman to induce them to come to the polls. If it were not for tho ballot he did not think that he and his colleague would be present that night, and he wanted them all to recognise that it was the safeguard of democracy. They should do all they could to uphold its sanctity, aud he wanted to 6ee a feeling of repugnance expressed at any attempt at preparing huge requisitions, which were nothing more or less than attempts to go behind the baflot and to obtain pledges which they had no right to exact beforehand. (Hear, hear.) Tho system of absent voting would have to bo istatuteAotifcHJ^aB iio^ore &3essthaViW^^ Mf^ge^t;;x)f-^h|k;i)aik^v,iw^^eMi^^:^^M nothing to prevent outsiders from ^^^oertainuwfev^^ howthe papers -werelBlled in, TJiey :«iMild^^^H tiled in at the dictation of any; person. 'vf A S: 0Sm voice^-'They were.') ? It Would be fiecessaVy';^^^g to amend it, iu;.m.shddd'-nlBiriuia-'«iaBB^^4^| bulwarks of ournntionol life, and any attempt ^i^'^ togo behind the ballot should be regarded as :H^5flli aacrdege. Any attempt to use undue influen(»: ::As|S was an offence, and properly bo. .^Mr'; Kinjt' '^^M O'Malley— 'Itshould be fiveyears^liaughtBr.}:1;, ' -W-fM The boycott had been attempted, but so long -: .^ifl as the Liberal party remained true taone ; t^S anothor there wag no need to fear anything. ':.^ They had all been very kind to him, but. that ' i-i *3p night they had crowned everything; and he ''-^aS felt that he did indeed owe them a deep debt ^ SS of gratitude. He had tried to serve- them #3 faithfully in tho past, but his efforts of the *S| past would be eurpassed by those of the future. -^M (Loud applause.) ' ; ??«$! Mr. LAXrisEEH, who was also .warmly re- ': ^1 ceived, thanked them for the kindly expres- ?? ,?;w| sions they had used towards him, while the H^g reception accorded him was sufficient to stimu- ' : & late any man to work on their behalf. It was -;y:--!§ something new to see women present at such ' ' -^'-'*M. a gathering, and he had to admit that he had \1M not assisted in according them the franchise. ]10£ He had to confess, however, that he' had : ]y?% been mistaken, although he maintained that ha . ,jS| was sincere in his reason for opposing it. '*3 (Hear, hear.) At no election had he been re- J-a ceived so warmly and lcindly than on the pro- -^m sent, and he earnestly thanked then. (Ap- -^ plause.) '' ~ '-..??$ Mr, W. T. Cornelius proposed a vote of JiS thanks to the visitors. — ' ~./~z§ The Tkeasureh, in replying, stated that ;-S they were celebrating the triumph of ?'' .'Sfs the people's cause, and ho was glad to ?'?,'.% be present for that reason as well as - ? ??V?; because they were doing honor to Dr. Cook- ? ,-'-*' burn and Mr. Landseer. For nine years Dr. ~. ;*' Cockburn and _ ho had fought shoulder to I shoulder in the cause of liberalism, to assist ;-* the producers and to help the great body of ' * tho people of South Australia generally. It :? seemed for a time as if the policy they had ?,' :' initiated at Strathalbyn had been- laid aside, ?'??''?? but it had only been for a little while, as they could now rejoice at having carried » great deal of what they then proposed. (Hear, hear.) They talked then of progressive land taxation and succession duties, and they had both to-day in addition to the progressive income-tax. Parliament had recognised that the burden of J taxation had to be adjusted, and its just inci dence had engaged its attention nearly ever since, but they now rejoiced at what they had been able to do. They had done what they could for the producers, and the past Parlia ment might well be called the producers' Parliament. It had established village settle ments, which had practically added a new territory to the colony ; they had passed the ; butter bonus and carried the State Advances Act, which gave to every producer, every local governing body, and all co-opera- r tive dairy factories or. wineries cheap money, eo that such a Parliament deserved well at the hands of the electors. It was nob surprising therefore to find that those who had supported their policy were back again in the new Parliament. (Hear, hear.) When it as eeinbled there would be still further, work to be done towards the accomplishment of those things which they had now had in view for some six years past Reference had been mads to the Liberal organisation which it was pro posed to establish in the district, and lie would welcome it with pleasure. We were at a most critical time in the history of our national life, and he wa6 glad to believe that we would nob ' :-;taud still but would go on in the cause of right and justice. (Hear, hear.) If the colony was ever to be great it must bo through our producing industries, and foremost amongst the duties of Parliament must be the, further- ^ ing of those industries. (Applause.) * Mr. W. Rowell extended a welcome to Mr. King O'Malley, who was received with, three cheers. Mr. King O'MALLEr said after three weeks , continual speaking and pounding at the ^ national 'leech' he felt that he ought to have J: been let off that evening. (Laughter.) Tho national ' leeclr1 before the election reminded him of a steamer on the Mississippi with a 40-horsepower engine and a 90-horsepower whistle. They had whistled so much about '* what they intended to do that they had losb - ground, aud, inconsequence, they had gathered ? that evening to cast the lost flower of £ respect on their departed corpses. (Laughter.) He was proud indeed to be present in order to do honor to Dr. Cockburn, who was one of the few Australian politicians who bad an Ameri fean reputation. He had heard Henry George Bpeak of him, 'while the policy he had initiated bad already been largely copied by nine American States. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'Malley concluded in a humorous strain, and several anecdotes ho recited simply convulsed the large audience, which cheered him loudly as . be took his seat; During the evening several musical numbers and recitations were given, and a very suc cessful social concluded at about half- paBtlO o'clock. ^ . 