CONFIRMATION AT THE CATHEDRAL. On Sunday afternoon the Cardinal-Archbishop at the Cathedral administered the Sacrament of Con firmation to 152 children, who came from the four Cathedral districts — St. Mary's, St. John's, St. Columbkille's, and St. Canice's. There was a large attendance of adults, mostly parents and friends of the children. The Cardinal was assisted by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran and the cathedral staff — ? Rev. Father Carey, Rev. Father Phelan, Rev. Father Whyte, Rev. Father Cregan, and the Rev. Father O'Gorman. His Eminence congratulated the children on the excellent examination they had passed in the Christian Doctrine, saying that they were fortunate in being under the care of the good Sisters and Brothers. There was one duty he wished to im press upon them, and that was to keep close to the JSacred Heart of Jesus, which was the source of every blessing. The innocence which they enjoyed was bright in His sight, and though they might not know it, yet the soul of a child was very beautiful. If they kept close to the Sacred Heart they would preserve that soul in innocence, and it would be as an angel adorned with the choicest gift of Paradise, for innocence was the greatest gift heaven had bestowed on childhood. By devotion to the Sacred Heart they would find consolation in their sorrows, joy in their afflictions, and victory in their holy enter prises. Had not Christ said, ' Come to Me all ye who labour and are burdened' ? At the feet of Our Lord they could lay down their burdens, and there would obtain strength in their weakness. They ought, therefore, to pray to God to kindle in their hearts a love for Him who bore such a great love for them. And he would aslc them to pray to the Blessed Virgin, who would love them because her Divine Son loved them, and who would plead their cause at His throne. It behoved them also to frequent the Sacraments, and satiate their souls with heavenly grace. Above all things they should be earnest in their love for the Sacred Heart, earnest in their devotion to the Blessed Virgin, earnest in their attention to the Sacraments. They had through Confirmation become soldiers of Christ, and it should be their aim to be earnest soldiers in trying to win the battles of the Holy Cross. He hoped that they would be strengthened through the blessing of the Holy Ghost, so that they would continue in the love of God during their pilgrimage through life. 