AN UNWITTING JUMP. Lidford, Devon, is a parish that in cludes all Dartmoor, and is famous for the Lydford Law of the Stannary Court sitting there, which hanged first and heard afterwards. Judge Jeffries some times presided over this court, where he was quite in his element ; and it is said bis ghost occasionally visits the old courthouse in the shape of a black pig I TU„ r.«/1 f-nrv, Folio -1.11B.UJU, UUIMUg MVI1I ICilO over a splendid waterfall into a deep chasm only some twenty .feet wide at the bottom, and passes- on down this ter rible gully with almost perpendicular cliSs under Lydford Bridge, which is of one arch, the water being seventy feet below. A traveller once rode into Lydford at night, and said he had come from Tavistock. He was told that was impossible, as tbe bridge was broken off. He then said he remembered his horse, which was cantering at the time, had taken a big jump. This was actually tho case, and when he looked at the twenty-five feet gap and the rooky chasm down below, and saw tho danger he had escaped, ho was horrified. Capt, Williams, intent of suicide, rodo at night from Exeter to Lydford, and tried to make his horse, like a second Curtius, jump into the chasm, but in vain. He then took off the saddle and brid'e, threw thom down, and himself after. So steep arc the sides that the traveller comes on it quite unexpectedly. In the reign of Charles I, Lydford was the headquarters of * the Robin Hood of tho West,' Roger Rowle, and his gang of ' Gubbins.' Lydford [Bridge and Cascade, and the extinct volcano of Brent Tor above it are said to bo the three most remarkable sights in Devon shire. Until Edward lll.'s reign the Lydford Stannary Cotjrt held a gaol delivery once iu ten years! In 1512, Richard Strode, M.P. for Plymptom, for saying that tho mine-streams from here were injurious to Plyipouth Harbor, was brought before the Stannory Court, and sent to Lydford gaol, where the dungoons were like those of the Inquisition. He was kept in irons, and fed on bread and water for oyer threa weeks. 