SHORT STORY THE MISER'S HOARD. For many years old Simon Grates had occupied a tumble-down old house in one of the narrow streets which are to be found in that part of the borough which the hand of modern improvement was still left untouched. A grimy, dilapidated building, the glass and the upper windows of which were nearly all shattered, while the door was utterly devoid of paint ; and during a high wind the slates would whirl off the roof to the extreme danger of the passers-by. But for all its rickety appearance the old house in Grime street was a perfect fortress. The door was plated with iron, and had the newest and most effective looks; Hie lower windows were guarded with massive Icon bars, and if an intruder had contrived to gain admission by the roof he would have found himself con- fronted by a strong brick wall, which entirely shut off the upper portion of the house from the lower. Many gentlemen in the burglary line had found Miser Grates' crib too hard a nut to crack, and had retired, baffled, from the attempt. Simon Grates had done well to take the precautions he did, for the report of his vast accumulation of wealth of all kinds was widely spread throughout the neighbour- hood, and had not his house been a perfect fortress it would have been broken into re- peatedly. It would be hard to say what Grates' busi- ness was, or, rather, what it was not, for if there was a penny to be made by any- thing he was ready and willing to become the purchaser. The old man lived entirely alone with his grand-daughter, Prudence Hatwell, the orphan child of his only daughter, who had been dead for many years. Prudence was a tall, slender girl, with pleasing features, and manifested a strong feeling of affection for her grandfather, in spite of his occasional harshness towards her. ' Prue,' said the old man one evening, as he sat over his scanty meal of dry bread and a rasher of bacon, ' I think I am go- ing to give up business and retire into the country.' ' I am afraid the country air would give you a tremendous appetite,' remarked the old man, with a suspicious glance at his grand-daughter. ' And I am very poor, you know.' ' But then we can live for a mere nothing in the country,' returned the girl, ' and think how nice it would be to live out of dingy London.' ' People don't live for a mere nothing any- where, Prue' retorted the old man, ' but at any rate we are going the day after to- morrow. A little cottage near Uxbridge came into my hands some years ago, and as the tenant is just dead I may as well occupy it as permit it to remain empty.' Prue's face fell. ' That is rather a sudden resolve, isn't it, grandfather !' said she. ' Ah,' snarled the old man, ' you are think- ing of that fine sweetheart of yours, Joe Varley. Well, if he wants to see you he can comedown to Uxbridge ; the walk will stretch his legs a bit.' ' Joe won't mind that a bit,' answered Prue ; ' but he needn't walk : he can come by train.' ' Ah, young people are fonder of spending money than of earning it,' remarked Simon Grates ; ' but, mind you, there is a good deal of valuable property in this house, and I want to tell you where to find it. I feel very queer to night, and if anything happens to me, do you go to Sharples, the lawyer in Lincoln's Inn Fields, and he will tell you everything, for you have been a good girl to me, and will have the little I leave be- hind me.' ' Don't talk like that, grandfather ; you make me feel quite frightened,' remarked Prudence. ' Take this paper,' said the old man, handing her a torn piece with some writ- ing upon it, ' join the bit Lawyer Sharples will give you to it, and it will explain every- thing.' ' Hush,' exclaimed Prudence, suddenly, ' there is that sound again which I heard before.' Both listened intently, and then a sudden crash of falling brickwork in the upper part of the house made them both start to their feet. The old man made for a drawer in which he always kept a loaded revolver, but before he could reach it the door was burst open, and a man, rushing into the room, struck Miser Grates a blow on the head with a life preserver which laid him dead upon the floor. With a wild shriek Prudence grasped the murderer's arm, and as her eyes fell on his face she saw that he wore a black mask. With a fierce oath he disengaged himself and again the deadly weapon rose and fell, stretching Prudence across her grandfather's body. ' I didn't want to hurt the girl,' muttered the man, ' but there was no help for it. Now, let me see what there is to be found in the way of a swag.' The search was not a successful one, for beyond about twenty shillings worth, of silver and a few coppers nothing of value was dis- covered, and with a savage oath he began to ransack the adjoining room. The same result evidently attended this search, for in about half an hour he returned again with a dark frown on his brow. ' I think I have settled the pair of them for nothing,' growled he. ' What's this bit of paper in the girl's hand ?' he added, as he stooped and took it up ; ' a precious lot of gibberish it seems, but I will look at it when I get away. Curse the fellow for bragging about the valuables in the house. I have been thoroughly sold, and had better get away be- fore harm comes to me.' He made his way upstairs, and creeping through a hole he had pierced in the brick wall, which ran across the upper portion of the house, gained the roof and disappeared in the darkness. It was daylight before Prudence recovered her senses, and then, in spite of the cruel pain she felt, she contrived to crawl to the front door and give the alarm. When the neighbours came in it was found that the old man was quite dead, and Pru- dence was so injured that it was necessary to remove her to the nearest hospital. She had, however, the presence of mind to ask the police to communicate with the lawyer whose name her grandfather had mentioned, and he took care that the house should be placed in the hands of a trustworthy caretaker. For nearly three weeks Prudence was un- able to move from the hospital, and when she did so her first visit was to Sharples the lawyer, who said : ' There is certainly a will in your favour, but where the property has got to I don't know. There is about three hundred pounds in the bank, so you will be beyond the reach of want for the time, but Mr. Grates ought to have been worth at least ten thousand pounds. Joe Varley had many interviews with his sweetheart, and they often talked together over the mysterious robber who had so nearly taken two lives on the night of the bur- glarious entrance into the house in Grime- street. Examination of the premises had shown that he must have got into an empty house some three doors off. He had ascended to the house and got into the miser's domicile through the dilipidated roof. Finding an obstacle in the brickwork built across the upper storey he had deliberately gone to work to pierce it, and when the task was con- cluded had made his unexpected appearance, which had been attended with such fatal consequences. ' Prue,' said Joe Varley ' do you know that sometimes I feel responsible for a good deal of what occurred in Grime-street.' ' Goodness me, Joe, what can you mean ?' returned the girl. ' You will make my blood run cold if you talk so.' ' Why, you see, Prue, a lot of fellows at our shop' (Joe was a foreman in a large painting establishment) ' got to chaffing me, and telling me that I was going to marry the grand-daughter of a millionaire, and one day at the pub, where I go to get my snack in the middle of the day, a seedy-looking chap came up, and, after making himself precious agreeable, asked me a heap of ques- tions about you and your grandfather and the house and such like, and I, like a fool as I was, let out all I knew, and a great deal more, perhaps, for he had given me a glass or two, and that set my tongue wagging.' ' Oh, Joe,' exclaimed the girl, ' perhaps it was the burglar after all ; they say that they go about trying to find out what houses are worth robbing. Anyhow he did not get much, though he robbed me of that precious scrap of paper grandfather had just given me ; and the piece Mr. Sharples has is no use without the one I lost. I cannot make head or tail of it. Here is the copy of it ; let us see if you are clever enough to solve the riddle.' She extracted from her pocket a piece of paper upon which were written these words : raid of being robbed, and valuables in a safe place, myself, in my cottage at Ux cellar and measure twelve corner, then dig three a small box made of i the key, by my will it is ' Well, this is a precious hard nut to crack,' remarked Joe, after he had read the document over two or threee times. ' The one thing certain is that there is something in a cellar, but where I can't say.' ' Why, at Uxbridge, of course ; what am I thinking of ?' exclaimed Prudence, sud- denly. ' We have never seen the cottage that poor grandfather spoke of. I shall go down and look for myself.' ' I move an amendment,' remarked Joe, sliding his arm round her waist, ' suppose we get married first, and then we can go down there and never come back any more.' ' What do you mean, Joe ?' returned the girl, a bright blush suffusing her cheek. ' Just this, Prue. You see, if you never get any more money you are quite a little heiress. I have saved a bit too, and this very morning I got an offer as foreman in a large printing establishment in that very identical Uxbridge, and so, if you will agree, the cottage will come in very handy, and after work we can have a hunt after grand- dad's treasure.' After some slight demur Prue yielded. Mr. Sharples handed over the keys of the cottage, and one afternoon, after a visit to the parish church, the young couple started away for Uxbridge, from which point they intended to commence their matrimonial cruise. The cottage was a very pretty one, very decently furnished, with a nice garden at the back, and various outbuildings, which they had not expected. All at once Prue gave a little scream and clung tightly to her husband's arm. ' There is a horrid man following us. I am sure he is dogging our footsteps. I saw him outside the church, then at the station, and here he is again.' Joe turned quickly round, and an angry flush rose to his face. ' Well, I'm hanged,' exclaimed he, ' if it is not the chap that pumped me so dry about grand-dad's affairs. Here, mister, I should like to have a word with you.' The man, however, did not appear desirous of accepting the invitation, but pushed his way through a gap in the hedge and sped across the fields at a pace which defied pur- suit ' I'll just go to the police station and give them a hint about that gentleman,' muttered Joe, ' for his conduct strikes me as just a little suspicious.' For a week, however, the young married couple were disturbed by no unwelcome in- truders, but though the attics, and indeed every room in the house, had been thoroughly examined, no sign of Simon Grates' hidden treasure had been discovered. Joe had now settled steadily down to his work. One day, as Joe returned to his home, he found his wife standing pale and trembling in the porch. ' What ails you, my girl ?' said he, going up to her and putting his arm around her ; ' you look white and scared.' ' Oh, Joe,' she murmured, between her sobs ' he is down there.' ' Down where ?' asked her husband, in much surprise, ' and who is he that is down there ?' ' Grandfather,' answered she ; ' I went down to get some wood, and there he was standing in the right hand corner. I flew upstairs again and did not dare remain in the house, so I waited until you came home.' ' Why, you must have been frightened at a shadow, my dear,' returned Joe, endeavoring to reassure her, though in his heart he felt extremely uncomfortable. ' I will go and see what it is.' He went down the little flight of stairs, but returned again in another minute, with his face perfectly livid. ' You were right, my girl,' faltered he ; ' and as I don't like such visitors I think we had best clear out.' ' Where is it now ?' asked Prue, with a shudder. ' In the cellar, and likely to remain there,' returned her husband ; ' for I shut the door after me and drew the bolt.' As if to contradict his assertion the shadowy figure of Simon Grates stood before them, looking exactly as he did in life, and well. There was something mystic and in- tangible about him. He crossed the room to the fireplace, stooped, and appeared to touch the heavy poker, then, moving to the window raised his hand in a gesture of warning, and, melting away, vanished before their very eyes. ' Well, I am glad it's gone,' said Joe, wiping his perspiration from his forehead. ' But, Prue, my girl, what ails you ?' Prue indeed was nearly fainting, and it was some time before the attentions of her beloved husband could bring her round. Hus- band and wife both agreed that the appear- ance of Simon Grates' spirit meant some- thing, but what that something was they were unable to determine. As for searching the cellar to see if the ghost had left any indi- cation of the reason of his visit neither Joe Prue felt the slightest inclination to venture down to those regions, and it was only after a hearty supper had in some way diminished their supernatural fears that they ventured to creep upstairs to bed. Joe, however, could not sleep, and long after Prue had sunk to slumber he lay tossing about, expecting that something would hap- pen, though he would have been very much puzzled to prove what that something was. All at once a slight grating noise fell upon his ear, which appeared to come from the room below. When he had no supernatural foes to deal with Joe was as brave as a lion. ' That is a glazin' diamond,' muttered he, as he rose stealthily from his bed and pulled on a pair of trousers ; ' some cove is cutting a pane of glass out of the parlor window. How sweet are the pleasures of the country —no troubles or worries, nothing but bur- glars and ghosts, and, of course, they are not worth mentioning.' With that thought running through his brain he cautiously descended the stairs, and, entering the parlor, saw a figure in the act of getting through the window, the latch of which had been drawn back by means of the removal of a pane of glass. Casting one glance at the intruder to make sure that it was not Grandfather Grates come to pay a second visit, Joe made a bound for the poker, and brought it down with a heavy thwack upon the burglar's shoulders, and then, as the man, with an exclamation of pain, dropped on the floor, he delivered an other blow upon the head which laid him senseless. Tho noise alarmed Prue, who hurried down-stairs, just in time to see her husband securing the robber's hands in a most artistic manner with a piece of rope which he had fetched from the kitchen. The man was handed over to the police and proved to be a well-known burglar, for whose apprehension a reward of £50 had been offered, which, much to Joe's delight, was paid over to him. As he returned from giving his evidence he found his wife dancing about the kitchen, waving a scrap of paper in her hand. ' See here, Joe,' cried she, ' that bad man must have dropped this. He was the robber that murdered poor grandfather, and, doubt- less, he followed us here, thinking that we had found the treasure which he failed in discovering. Read this.' Without in the least understanding her Joe took the paper, and, with a very puzzled ex- pression of face, read the following disjointed sentences : I have always been af so have hidden all my which is known only to bridge. Go down to the paces from right hand feet, and you will find ron. My lawyer has all for Prudence. ' Why, the chap must have escaped from a lunatic asylum to carry such rubbish about with him,' exclaimed Joe, impatiently. ' What does it all mean ?' ' You silly boy,' cried his wife, ' have you forgotten the other scrap of paper ? Here, join the two together, and see what you make of it then.' He did so, and his face brightened up as he read as follows : I have always been af-raid of being robbed and so have hidden all my-valuables in a safe place, which is known only to - myself, in my cottage at Uxbridge. Go down to the - collar and measure twelve paces from right hand - corner, then dig three feet, and you will find - a small box made of iron. My lawyer has - the key, by my will it is all for Prudence. ' Where are you going ?' said Prue, as, after reading the paper, Joe made a bound for the garden. ' To get a spade,' returned he. ' Whether grandfather is there or not, I am going to have a look for that there iron box.' The receptacle was found in the spot de- signated, but there was no occasion to apply to Lawyer Sharples, for the key was in the box, and not only was there a goodly stock of gold and bank-notes within, but several magnificent diamond and emerald ornaments which, doubtless, Miser Grates had, at some time or other, picked up a bargain. The little scrap of paper, though it did not produce a capital conviction, sent the burglar to penal servitude for life, so that the young couple were not likely to be troubled by his visits again. As for the spirit of Miser Grates, it did not put in a second appearance perhaps from not being able to find its way to the fine large house to which Joe and Prue removed shortly after they had been lucky enough to discover the Miser's Hoard. 