Mining at Hannahs. . •• — — • " WILD CATS " & GOOD SHOWS. HONEST MEN AND THIEVES. THE NORTH BOULDER. (By A. G. HALES (" Smiler.") The North Boulder mine is one that very little has been said or written about. It has been floated in London, into a company of 200,000 ten shilling: shares, upon which 7s 6d has been paid. Captain Lyon is the gentleman in charge of the property, and I found him courteous and obliging, which is more than can always be written concerning people in authority on leaser Some of the managers at Kalgoorlie are as vain as women, and as conser- vative as a setting hen. Swelled head is largely developed amongst some of these so-called mining men ; but the symptoms are usually noticed in persons who have only recently been promoted to the management of mines, and who have scarcely yet realised the difference between man millinery and mining. There are 21 acres in the North Boulder property, which must not in any way be confounded with the Boulder North, as the claims are entirely distinct, and have no connection with each other. The claim lies about halfa-mile north-east of the boundary of the Great Boulde-, as the crow flics. The first shaft I inspected was down about 50ft—rather rudelv sunk; but the trimming will 00me in later on. At present the m filacer is intent up 11 prospecting his gromd th roughly. At a depth of 50ft. he has driven south-cast on the course of the lode, for a distance of 70ft. He has also cross-cut to test the width of the lode, and had, at the time of my visit (Friday, June 12), proved the lode to be 16ft wide, and up to that time he had not struck the foot-wall ; but judging from the appearance of the ore, I fancy the wall was not far off. Sixteen feet of ore is, in my estimation, good enough as far as size goes. Between the shaft and the face of the drive the manager was sinking a winze on the lode ; it was then down about a dozen feet. I took the liberty of annexing a few small samples from the face and from various par's of the drive, which I have assayed, and the results are remarkably good, as the ore goes from two ounces of gold per ton to twenty-one and a half ounces. Thi.- ore is very taking in its general appearance, and should be found easy to treat. Some of the samples that I broke showed the vughs full of coarse gold, and I do not anticipate any special difficulty in the treatment of the bulk of the ore. Judging the ore at this, the 50ft. level, I think it safe to assume that the mine has prospects of proving very rich at a depth of one hundred or two hundred feet, but apart from what it mot/ pan out, the shareholders can well rest satisfied with what they have got up to date. After leaving this portion of the mine, I went along to what is known as the North Shaft, which is located in the centre of the property; it is 157ft. deep. At at a depth of 100ft. they crods-cut both east and west to pick up a couple of lodes that are known to traverse the claim parallel to that upon which the shaft has been sunk. At a distance of 112ft from the shaft theeastern crots-cut struck the lode. There is another shaft down 50ft., which is known as the middle shaft. They have cross-cut at the bottom west for a distance of 25 ft. and have got the lode. They are also putting down a water shaft, which is being timbered i.Ao compartments and will be used as a main working shaft; it was at the time of my visit down 136ft., and the country was getting very damp, showing plainly thiit ; water cannot be very far away. This shaft has passed through a lode forma- ! tion, and at a depth of idbft ^Jfef have cross-cut to the east and passed through some stringers "of quartz. The original prospecting ' shaft, upon which the claim was mainly floated, is down 45ft. ; a drive has been run along the lode in a northerlydirection for 55ft. when a winze was sunk on thelojde t» a depth of 45ft., the drift was continued jnorth and intersected the cross-cut from Tthe north shaft. All the lodes mentioned above are gold-bearing and the general outlook of the mine is" first-class, it not only does not belong to the wild cat category, so plentiful at Hannan's, but it is a good mine, with every prospect of improving as it is developed. The manager has only been on the ground four months, and has got through a. big tally of sound prospecting work, which shows that he is neither a fool nor a sluggard. He has prepared a catchment for water right across the course of a creek in an excellent position in a natural indent in the country ; this is somewhat singular, as a. good many of the new chum mine •managers love to build their dams and catchments on the brow of a hill. They don't catch much water, but the •concern looks well in the photographs they send to their directors. A Hunt- ington Mill, equal to 400 tons of ore per month, was being erected and the first crushing oucht to be known within six weeks from this date with ordinary luck. In conclusion, I wish it to stand -on record that the REVIEW thinks this mine a good one—one worth buying into and holdng for a dividends. The manager seems a square man, a miner, not a stock jobber's tool. THE BOULDER GREAT LODE. This is a new venture, one of those mild little things that, are as goo 1 to handle as a Gat ling gun. Con ems like the Boulder Great Lode spring •up in boom time like mushrooms in a sheep yard, It is b ing fl >ated in Hannan's. We hope it will float, for if the scrip is printed on nice tough •paper it will be • very useful for travellers on the trade later on. Tae prospectus informs thos * whom it may •concern that; the mine lie* about one mile north of the Golden Pebble. But we regret to say it gives us no information as to how far it is east of the Golden Goose, nor does it enlighten us concerning iti a.-tu il distance fr >m 'the Feacherl gg-d F mndling or the Fat Man' - Folly We are sorry for this as it would have been of inestimable benefit to the investing public. The vendors only tal e 10.000 share!; fully paid up, and £2,000 cash for this wonderful pr iperfcy, which may have the Bou der Great Lode in it. It may also have the ghost of Mahomit or the Tow. j r of London, 'T the tail of the tijjer that che-ved the corners off the Prophet Daniel. As a matter cf fact, there is 110 knowing what it may have, except any of our •dollars. 