, AN EPITAPH. He had no brake upon his wheel; That's why the poor old wreck Gave up the ghost, for he soon got A break upon his neck! "I came across one of your old letters to-day, George, in which you said you would rather be in endless torment with me than in bliss by yourself," said Mrs Naggin to her husband. "Well, my dear, and haven't I had my wish?" said the brute! ; 1 Mother: "Oh, you naughty boy! You've been , to dada's desk and upset all his papers. What will he say when he comes, home?" Son.(hopeful): "I know what he'll say, but you'd spank me if I told you." Ba;con—"So your friend is engaged t* that Boston girl, after all." Egbert— "Yes." "How did he melt her?" "Ha didn't; he simply froze to her." j A Clear Conscience.—•'Don't .some «f these old songs haunt you?" "No ; I've never murdered any of them." ; Visitor: "Well, Tommy, what are you going to be when you grow up?" Tommy: "Ma says I am going to be just such another lazy loafer as pa is!" ' j The following typographical error shows the great importance of a comma. At a banquet this toast was given: "Woman—without her man, is a brute." Although a girl may be bright enough to know tliat "kiss" is a noun, she's frequently unable to decline it. Effie—"Jack:, pap a said we must not see each other any more." Jack—"Indeed! Shall I turn the gas out?" Hampton Belle—"I wouldn't allow a horrid man to kiss me, would you?" Newport : News' Girl—"Of course, not; I don't know any such." New Housemaid : Who is that elegant looking young lady, cook, that I met coming' in? Cook : That was me sister; been to call on me. New Housemaid : And that stylish lady in blue silk? Cook : That's our laundress. New Housemaid : Then who was the plain old woman in black ? Cook : That's the missus. Mrs A.: "I'm surprised that your husband earns so little if he works as hard as you say. What does he do?" Mrs B.: "The last thing he did was to calculate-how many times a clock ticked in the course of a thousand years." Wealthy Parent: "What! Engaged yourself to youhg Tapester? Outrageous! The idea of a Van Juneberry marrying a mere clerk!" Daughter: "But he isn't a clerk now, papa. He is a gentleman of leisure." "Eh?" "Yes, he's been discharged." 