LABY TUBPIN. ? * — i — A SENSATIONAL TALE. By HEISKY HERMAN, Author of ?? Eagle Joe,' ' Scarlet Fortune,' &c;, and part author of the play ' The Silver King.' CHAPTER XrVWContinued.) He slept so long that it was well ? nigh, noon wiien he was awakened by a decorous tap at the door, and on l-eing authorised to enter, the Maltese -waiter informed him that Koja Aita-tooiL, the broker, had been 'waiting to see him a -3onsideraS-le time. So he -jumped out of bed, had his tub, and within. a Quarter of an hour he was ready to re ceive the Armenian. 'Noble Excellency:,' said the black-eyed, black-bearded broker, 'you. set me a diffi cult task. Of diamonds of the first water there are many here in StambouL Rosecut diamonds of the largest size are easily ob» tainab-le, but colored diamonds, alas! are rare, veiy rare! I raked the bazaars, and I have not been unsuccessful. Now here,' said the Armenian, 'your Excellency wl see a black diamond of the finest wiater, five carats only, and reaUy, your Excellency, tlie price is not excessive.' 'I don't care for it,' said 3ir. Brown, de bonairly, waving his hand, 'whatever its price may be. It'& not in my line. The fact; As,' he added, 'I have a very fine speci ? men of the black diamond in my collection already.' ... . 'That is. most unfortunate, Excellency,' said the Armenian. 'Most unfortunate!' . And then he wrapped fche stone up in the. little bit»-of::5aperF-aa.d.--jep*a«ed. it in the small5 flat tin canKter front 'which he had take* it . . ... And then he exhibited to Mr. Brown va rious colored stones, none of which appear ed to suit that fastidious gentleman. Last of all, he opened; a little packet which con tained two small gems, the one a dear green stone, tihe otiier what seemed, to be a small jjuby cut as- a brilliant, but on the face of which appeared a tiny pattern. 'This is the only specimen of a really good engraved gem that I eould manage to get,' said Koja Ara-toon. 'Its owner de clares it to be a red diamond, and you win observe that there is an insription engraved iu minute letters upon it' 'That's more to my way,' said Mr. Brown, who had some difficulty In concealing his excitement. '. r'Do you know what the inscription Is?' he said, after examining the stone with os tentatious eaire. 'It isn't the right pigeon's blood, color, you know,' he added, deprecai ingly. 'Your Excellency has spoken justly,' re plied the Armenian. 'It is a little pale. But it as cheap, dirt cheap. The inscrip tion is probably merely one of the. hundred, names of God, with which Mohammedans are fond, of def ackng small gems of this de scription. But I can soon satisfy your Ex cellency,' he went on, whipping out $. jewel lers glass and popping it into his eye. . 'Ah,' he continued, 'it is not as I susppos ed. The Inscription is a real work of art, . your Excellency. It . is the Mussulman's profession of faith, written in Persian char acters. It runs^ There is no God, but God. Mahomet is the Prophet of God. From your point of view as a collector of inscribed gems, that should render this pink aUamomd, for it is a pink diamond, of ines nim&ble; value. I have never seen so long an inscription written upon a gem in eo small a space before. It Is unique, abso lutely unique.' i 'Net. many like it, you think, eh?' said Mr. Brown: '111 take a good look at it I with your glass.' I And then Mr. Brown did take a good look I at it. He had no doubt wihatever in Ms |. own .mind -that tie- stone- which he Leld I with the Aianenian's little steel forceps bff I neath the magnifying glass formed' a por I tion of the parcel of jewellery which had I disappeared from the Rook's Nest. I 'Perhaps you will weigh it,' said Mr. I Brown. I The ArmffliiflTi drew a tiny case of- carved I boxwood from Ms bosom, from wMch he I produced a small pair of dealer's scales. I 'It weighs exactly three and one thirty I second carats-.' ' I 'That settles the question,' thought Mr. I Brown. 'Now, what do they want for it.' I The Armenian named, ;-av price which was I about double tiie value of. tiiie gem. I 'I couldn't pay that. ICs exorbitant I You must know that it's exorbitant' I Thy. Armenian smiled. . I 'It's a matter of. -bargaan, Excellency. I That is his fiist price. You might offer a I little less than half. He would: probably I end by taking a little more.' ' , I 'And how about the diner stone?' said I Mr. Brown, carelessly. I 'That, Excellency,' said ifche Aranenian, I 'is exactly what you wanted. It as a green I diamond, and nobody but an amateur I 'would care to possess, it You see, it has I two flaws. There is a disHnet- black spot I at tht edge, and wtet we term a feather af I the extremity. But both could be -hidden I by a proper setting.' . \, -. .' I Then Mr. Brown carelessly' examined the I green diiamond, asad it was with 4ae greatest I difficulty that he managed to conceal the ex'-.. I citeanent of Ms triumph'. ? * ?'* ; I The scent was growing distinctly .-warmer. B 'I think I ?understood yon. to say that they I both belonged to the same owner,' ihe said, ? with an assumption, of carelessness. 'I I don't thiTiif tuuch of, your green diamond,' I he added. I 'They both belonged to a Jew of the I name of Elias. I bad the. greatest dofficul I ty ir getting them from - him, Excellency. I The fact is, that 'he starts in a couple of I daye for India, via Persia, where 'lie Ss cer I tain to sell, the engraved ? stone for a good I price, for there they fancy such things. I He was very anxious to'- ascertain who my. I elieht was but I 'put Minjoff the soesnt by I ? teDing ;faim_.-tihat I :hoped, to sell the eton.es ? to the wife of ESainii Pajsiha, who is a great I purchaser of jewellery.' . ? '? I 'Can I keep the etones till to-moa-row at I noon. Koja Aratoon?' said Mr. Browm. I 'Certainly, Excellency.' I 'I shall then be. prepared to make a deifl ? nlte offer. I should like' a nigint to tihiTiTr I St over, and if I can get 141001 cheap, Til I take them both. But tiey must be cheap, ? for we collectors .can't afford to pay fancy I prices. . You'd like a receipt, I suppose?' I 'Oh, 310, Excellency. Tihe Consul's intro I duction is quite sufficient guarantee for I me. I jvill come' to you at noon to-morttw, I and, please *God, a f-argain,wiH be etruek-' ? Atad^then Koja Aratoon folded up the two I Btoces an the piece of. paper, .anid with a I low bow, handed them to Mk Brown and' ? took bis departure. : I As soon- as lie had gone, Mr. Brown, took I a second look at the gems. He was agree ? ably surprised and delighted to find that H the .piece of paper to /wiiich. jBiey 'wete wrap-! I ped up was actually -a blank invoice of H iixareaai Brwfeens. . I 'There yron't be^moiehijdiffieulty in. bringing I it 'home, I faaicy,8' He- itiiought -wifli a chuc ? kle. 'I'M put the-eferew on toem tomop ? row. They've evidently just received, the H parcel containing all or a portion dt' tie ? stolen gems fipom the London house. These ? two, te3l4ale stones 4fiey proceed to pack off ? at once.to^aMa.- W-e tnaee-them from ihe ? Jew io3Iopeoni Brothers, from them to the ? house in JJondoh.. In'oider to save their ? own ^jgEfcuL'^tfrefMtofise tu'lAHHtott. 'aWte ? only too aaxlaps txf--givfc Mbs.' ^B^tL- -ewayf ? pleading^ of'cojtrse, thaf they purchased -4he ? stones 1m t&& ordinary way of business. -ud ? that (the tinyMnBerfptSon.* escaped their ™no ? tiee.' fl Then,'Mr.i-©eaaer*eiit off a. short -cipher ? message to *he &aHM;«itie? in Scotland Y«»a. ? He inf o^oed ittieni ttattjUe -was oath© track I . - ' -' ?' ?' of ithe missing jewels, end -Qia* ne ehonM probatoly return within twenty-four hoiks, and he determined to interview Moreoni Brothers at once. _ . '?'' . ; 'It seems to me,' saidDeteetiveJjj^eetor Bender to himseOf, as he meditated over a cigar at the Hotel de Byzamce, 'that the JBooKVs Nest business 30 coming to a point This Jew, Elias, has evidently a bjg batch of tell-tale stones, which he is to take, to India, via Persia, and the pea-green dia mond and the Uttle red diamond with that tiny inscription in Person letters were, of course, to be got rid of : in that way. I think Moreoni Brothers would have 'been wiser if they had quietly taken a hammer and smashed up these two litjie gems. But I suppose there is some peculiar fascination atoout a green diamond and a red diamond to a dealer in -precious stones, on account of 'their rarity. Sir Peter got them' in In dia, so Miss Theve-ney told me, and if s a lucky thing for his son, Sir Gerald, that he did get them. At one time things were looking very -black against that' young Sir Gerald, but now it seems pretty plain sail ing. Ellas, the Jew, gets, two stones from Moreond Brothers, not being able to resist the temptation of the chaaice. of selling them to a European diamond maniac at a fancy price. There can be no diffieupity in proving that imfch. All Tve got to do is to send for the dragoman from the Consulate, frighten, the Jew .out of has wits, and he wont make any difficulty about swearing that he got the gems from Moreoni Bro thers, because if he didn't confess, '' he'd have to prove where he did -get them. And ?the mere fact of their being wrapped up in a blank Invoice of the Constantinople house is good enough. If I hadn't looked into that swell shop of theirs, 25 Grande Hue de Pera, the, address on the biUbead woud never have struck me, their name having been torn off, but that's theiis address, sure enough. But it doesn't quite .folow that because the stones are in the hands of Mo reojii Brothers, of Constantinople, they got them from the London house. There's a possibility against it, a mathematical pos sibiliTy, just about the sort of chance that a fellow would, have of holding thirteen tramps at whist, or drawing a 'Straight flush' at poker twice running. That about represents it. Now,- if I go and frighten these people, they may deny that they got the stones from London at alL I have to think of that. Now, what was Nicolai' Eaffizza doing in Mass Verpoiafs flat? Pleading for has brother Simeone, of course. But was it to Miss Verpoint or to Mrs. Hffl? He didn't see Miss Verpoint at all, that we have ascertained. What, then, is the eoxmeetiion between Nicolai and Mrs. Hi3i? Possibly none whatever, except that she's a client of the firm in which he is «m plcye^a. But she's not the sort of old wo man to tray precious stones. There's no rear son on earth why she shouldn't Bell them. That can be the only connection between her and the jewel merchants, and if Miss Ver point can't account for her large payments to her bankers otherwise— and thirty-five thousand pounds is a lot of money — it seems to me that Mrs. Hill is nothing more or less than the go-between of the 'fence,' and the 'fonce,' of course, is the firm of Moreoni, Raecoldi, and. Company. I must make in quiries about that nice old lady, Mrs. TTiii. But I don't quite see how I'm any nearer the real thief yet. It couldn't have been Miss Verpoint herself, because during the time occupied in the abstraction of the jewel-case, Miss Theveney and Miss Verpoint ne'.er left each other's presence. It reads rather as if, supposing that there is any ihiug 'dicky' about ' Miss Verpoint at all, she's simply the female .pal of the real oper ator. In that case, the man is either her lover or her husband, and the proceeds of these burglaries of his, for they all bear the mark .of the same hand^there's no shadow of doubt as to that— are simply quietly banked by her. Well, we don't know any thing about Miss Verpoint Her friends, the Theveneys, don't appear to know very, much about her either. They meet .her in the Riviera. She and Mrs. Hill were very kind to the late Sir Peter's wife during her last illness. Thereupon the entire family proceed to take Miss Verpoint and her aunt upon trust, and she and young Sir Gerald get very thick indeed, and ultimately be come engaged to each other. If s that en gagement that 'flummoxes' me, Of course. th«v original idea was that Gerald T&eveaey; took the stones becaiise he was in a par ticularly deep hole at the tiane. But them Gfrald Theveney, though he's a nicelooS \xig young fellow, isn't half smart enough, to work that particularly neat little series -*f ^urglaries which culminated in. the RookV» Nest affair. Of oouirse, there must have been another fellow, the real man, Miss Ver point's pal, lover or husband, as the ease may be. But then, why the deuce should she take on with Sir Gerald Ttoeveaey? And there's no gammon about it, either. Those two young ( people mean getting mar ried, that I wormed out of that sentimental sister of Sir Gerald's. She's a soft lot alto gether, and she's very bitter about that jewellery of hers, and from what Sanserbme let out, there's been, no doubt in ibis mind, lately that Sir Gerald and Miss, Verpoint have come to an understanding, and are onily waiting for a decent interval to elapse after the old man's death to get married. Then what became of the real thief, ihus i-and, lover, possibly brother of the myster ious Miss Verpoint? in the ease of a too ther, the solution is simple enough. He's going out of 'busfcaess till *he sister gets coinforta'bly anaarrded. Tibem therefe tne pos eiibe contingency that the possible husband or lover ihas got»knoeked on the head, or has died comfortably in his bed, like an honest man. Of course, we know aH about More oni,. BooeoJdi, and Company. I've a great mind to leave tiie people here alone altogB* ther, go back to (town -with, fliese two stones, frigihten the London jewel merchants into a confession, and arrange that they shall be let down easy on. nng.ktnig restitution, in that case they'll probaMy unveil the mys terions Mis. Hffl, and 'peach? upon her in order to prove their own vdntuel . Athj Sf Sir Gc-raM Theveney finds out' thaib Miss Ver-, point is mixed up 'wSth a gang of biorgiaaB, he probably won't marry toefi Those a pret ty well enough to ^choke any anaaa off, par ticularly a man of position like Sir Gerald Theveney.' 131 go back to tmm ait once.: I'll tackle Moreomi, Baoeoldi, and Coanpamy and there's no doubt I shall bring the thing home to somebody, and get -Che-iright pig by the ear at last Besides, they'll pro t-ably know something about Mis. Traj at the office, and- the French police in tfae Bivi era are sure to have her dossier Sf she really as about on the 'flash Lay.9 I take it my bus-. Sness Jiere is done. Tlhft express leavesJhere tOHmorrow at 9/ and I'm. a gentleman at Jarge till .then. George, I ahink,Mr. .Brown had better, UEjgin to engoy iianseTf a fitae. Wajat-^do you say, George? Do ywa &gcee; with me? 'Quite so!' QH AFTER XV. EJndaiKs Verpoint, the advenferess, bad ;lost iher habitual coolness sittce she iiad learned ,4iha* etoe ihad a SiearL She was do longer the cold and calcuiating woman -wjho' lived ' only to commit crime, anafll taaento skil .£u0y oWltearat^'ite tnaoes. She bad tricked ; 'aiid entrapped Ctefcaid ^Sueveney, and taien, like ifee fowler Twho '4s caught Sri bis own' snare, she bad fatten in love wtth Mm. It : wias not merely jbis ^ood iooks 42iat now at itracted ,her; ofjbis position, in ae world Bhe had ceased to think. £She ato longer con siderea liim as a prey, as a- ^bafee 4o be p&V-; ied-for and -won, if uos^Kle, but a&\--m& lord' of tier heart, thd man wihom «he loved bet ter -titan life itself. Very^weak of her, perhaps, ?bob as we know „ Woman, are not * ' In tielr best'fortunee strong. Bat -when & woman loves, as Endalie Ver* point did, we b31 knaw that they are weak indeed, And -tfre fjlUi lived in a otnurta&t; terror, Uie ternar of being found out. GeraM bad been only too glad to take ber at her own valuation— a beautiful girl, . a lady, well educated, of g^itfl position, of has own social rank. But the time might come when Gerald would make inquiries which it would be awkward to answer, inquiries wMeh would have to be met by lies. It is very easy to tell a lie, but to' build up a whole , structure of lies needs genius, par ticularly if they aire not to be found out And Endalie had grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved (him so, and when the trim parlormaid eaane into the drawing-room after tanc3i with a telegram upon her little salver, Endaiie's fingers trembled as she took it up, aad the girl's face flushed slightiy with fear. But a happy smile orerspread her i^tsniaome face' as she read its' contents.' 'There's no answer, EJlen,' she said. . And then, as. tihe gfcrl left tfhe iwwn, she turned to tihe dock. And *hen, as the girl left tihe room, she thought. ' And' then she looked once more at the little piece of pinkish paper. 'Please wait at home for me. I am com ing to bring you great good aews at bait past 2. G.' . 'Good news-!' thouglht Emdalie. 'He can ihaveno otheE good news to tell me than that it is possible to hasten, our marriage. Oh, that it were once over, and that I daired to tell him! But that, can never be, for Gerald is an. honest man, and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a common thief. But then he loves me, and in that great love of Ihis he may find pity — when I aan his wife, but not before. 'But w331 'he ever forgive me for cheating and. d& ceiving him? Can I -ever dare to tell him? No. Tihat must be my very last resource. Fortune has never faiied me yet, and sure ly the cup of happiness will not be dashed, from my laps just as it touches tiiem. What can his good news be, I wonder? Perhaps, perhaps.' she thought— and she be came pale as a ghost at the idea— 'perhaps they have come upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, .and thus, he being placed above sus picion (for he may have fancied he was sus pected), 'he looks upon that as great good news. No, it can't be that' And then the well-known knock was heard at the outer door of the flat, and En rlaiie, with a woman's instinct, 'took one look in the mirror, and pressing her blanch ed lips between her teeth and sea-tiuag her self in a graceful attitude, awaited the ar rival of her lover. The door was flung open by Ellen* and Gerald, who though dressed in solemn black, looked the picture of happiness, his face wreathed in smiles, entered. 'Dearest Endalie,' lie cried, 'you can make me the happiest man in ail the? world, or the most miserable, for I cannot bear to 3Mirt with you, dear, even for a single day. I can't indeed, and I've got to leave London at once — that is to say, within a week or two. And aye or no, Endalie, I want you to make a sacrifice for me.' 'There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Gerald, nothing!' cried the girl. And there was a touch of pathetic solemnity in her voice, for she meant what she said, and the words came from her heart And then they kissed each other, as lovers do. 'And what's your great good news, Ger ald?' sine said. 'I'm burning to hear it.' 'WelL I'm made a poet-captain, dear. I'm tc Lave a quarter-deck of my own. We are going to start a house in Paris, and I'm to take charge of it It's promotion, I can tell you; and they were very nice about it, and said all sorts of charming things; and I should never have got it if it hadn't been for the poor old governor's death. You see, they think 'Sir Gerald Theveney and Company' will read well, and, of course, I can now put in a considerable amount of capital. And, what's better still, it will be aM under my own thumb, and I shan't be at the beck and call of old Malder Whaittang-, ham. And now I -want you to do me a great ?favor. Endalie, I want you to con sent to our immediate marriage. You see, the mere fact of my Slaving to go away is the strongest of ell possible reasons. Un der ordinary circumstances, it couldn't have taken place for six months at least But now we can be quietly married, and we can take a fortnight's honeymoon, and then set tle down, in a li-tae neat of our own an Paris And all you have got to do, Endalie dear, is to say yes, and then yon'E make me the toappdest fellow in aH the world. You won't toesitate, E-ndalle? You won't refuse roe? I've got my chance, and I shall never have such another big chance again. Why, with hick, in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business. I shall have made any pile, and -we can come back and live at the Book's Nest, if we;like. What do you say, darling? Dearest EndaJae!' 'Gerald,' said the girl, 'you know I can't refuse you anything. I ought to blush twihen I say *he words, 'I love you so that I can refuse you nofii&Dg.;' But, Gerald, what; wall the wodd say? Wihat will Lady Mexey say? And your sister, too! And ?oh, Gerald, my amifs dreadfully parSeular! Sbe'il certaiaiJy make all kinds of difficul ties/' 'Oh, for the matter of that, ibotber out sisters and our cousins and our aunts!' cried the young fellow enthusiasticaEy. 'We^e tooth of age, Endalie, I suppose, ?though you don't look 5/L I cam ibuy a spe cial licence, and we cam be married any morning, amd nobody need be amy the wiser.' 'Gerald, don't toe ridieutous!' cried the girl. 'You might as well suggest a post chaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green, mi talk to aunt, I can't say more, and you must be very nice with her and very firm, and say if s got tb be, you know, and' between, us we shaft -tafk !her over.' Tm not sure feat the special licence and' the Tnairfiage in the morming; wtraidat be ?&e; best way, Endaaafi,' coed the young fel low. 'Your aunt's bopindi to make aH kinds? of difficulties— aunis always do— and. sh-/li want to lhave ttbe settLamenis seem to, and ithafc waM take' no end of 'time; Xihose lawyer felliqiws TviDl merer tany,' . '~i don't think; /that meed take tang, . Ger ald/' said the girl softay, . placing her, band'1 in his. ^Wihen I many you I trust you with myself, and if I cam trust you with myself, surely I can itrust yon w4J2i my property.' 'Of course you *^*™, H*fcle womam. Ey«cy $Mng wouM be made sCatir and square, and I daresay even la-wjpeis might be got to fenny 'up under pressure.1' And tt&ea; there 'was a Jlttie pauses and' jjjsess&ng; of ftM«nifl-a^ and Jtjb&, young people, looked toto each other^s eyes as young peo ple do nnrwtoir such c3cpeumstaikoe&, and' then Endaiie, in a stoaaige£y serious tone, asked her amamced ibwer a very strange question, 'fieiaM,' she eafcd, 'swoaM yon marry me If I -were- a penMtess girl? Veil one reaflJy, Would E3ng Oopbetua take the beggar, jnaid?' - ' *Tfoa Jauorw I twouM, dsaiesy cafieds iher lover. . . 'You jraeani Ht, - ?Gerald^ idxni't y-o3x2? .isaid 4jhe. gSxlj . **yoa snesflSy jnpgm, jj?' ? ''TBdeed} Sndeed, any ?darling', I dfl^5' cited ithe infatuated yofflfih. ' .. \- And be did jnt-ami it, . beoaiose' (for foimv i&ere; was but one 'woman ILn a31 iite woxM, and that one -womam was i-fairigiiji« Verpoint - \--^Geiaildi'' safld. ifflie girl, aod: gibe looked at iim wia solemn eyes, -''GeraM— — *-' : She 'seemed about to epeak again, but she ?was eilant TJhe impulse to confess every 4ih4Tig to the mam she loved better ithan life \- was strong. Had she really been a penni less' girl, eh& vouSd, lovaiig and trnsfcing -nto asTBhe dJd,' btaire confeased it 4ihen knd there, believing in the strength and tnjtb of bjs affection. But ehe dared not. Her courage toiled her at the last moment She could not teU the man tihe loved the story, the shameful story of her life of crime. 'I was only trying your affection, Ger ald,' she said frith a Ut&e; laugh. *1 don't tb&nk; even the fceevaNnttid -could hits been. a bappier gM than I am mow, end Sf I said aM I thamJE, Geraid_dear, and told you how happy I am, perhaps you might wosii me more coy and reticent. Aid, Gerald, I do so pray Chat nothing may come between us.' 'Come between: us,' cried young, Theve aaey. 'Wiao or what could ever come be tween, us? Wihen I was a ruined man, yon came to my assistance nobly. Do you ftfafaiir tiia-c I cam ever forget that? Do you fh-jin.Tr tha* I can ever forget that it was you who savied. me from *he consequences of my own morstrous floJly? And foHy's a miKL word. I wias more '^h»Ti a fool, I was a crimaaiai, well-nign a thief, for I was guilty of a breach of trusty and knowing that, dear, you love me amd trust me still. ESndaiDe, it ever there was an angel in this world it is you, ' tore.' 'Ah, you s=|ay that, because yon haven't -ftxind me out;' said the girl, witai a laugh in which there was the sightest tinge of bitterness. 'If you only knew! Ah; jf. you pniy knew!' 'But I do know!' cried the yaung fellow, and as he spoke the words the girl started. 'I cam quite fancy that I am not the first man who has admired you, Endalie. Others ?have done so, and' doubtless told you of their afCeetioTi. Wlhy shonM they ;have hidden their love from a girl whom any man might be proud of? I am full witb. hideous refcnospective jealousy,' be jadded, witb a laugh. 'Geraad!' cried the girl, a Ilittle proudly, starting to her feet 'I fiwear to you that you areNihe first man that ever whispered words of love to me. I never tJuought or cajed for. any man. la that way; never, so help: me, heaven! Say you believe me, dear, for I can honestly look you in the face and tell you that.'* ... 'Believe you, Endalie? Of course I be lieve you.' At that moment the door opened, and Mrs. Hill came in. 'Why, Gerald! Tihe very last person I should have expected to see: There's no thing wrong in the City, I hope.' 'Nothing whatever, dear Mns. Hill,' said ths young man, as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. 'I've got a half -holiday. Tbey have let me out of school for the afternoon.' And then he told her osf what be termed bis 'slice of luck.' 'And now, Mrs. HSU,' 'he continued, 'I have come as a beggar. A most pertina cious beggar. No amount 'of headshaking' will drive him away. _ I have talked over Endalie, and praotieaaiy she refers me to you. Dear Mrs. Hail, you will help me, won't you? Of course, my father's death naturally has postponed our marriage, but I am an excitable fellow, and I don't tviiny I could stand the suspense of being away fivm Endalie. Wliy, every day, here in London, I count the minutes till 5 o'clock, and this sudden move is an honest reason for hastening on our marriage. There's no thing to be got by delay, and you don't know what am entra six months of happi ness means to a fellow like me. We can be married at once. Even old Malder What tingham, who is a cantankerous old fellow, agrees with me that that's the possible beauty, clad in the latest Parisian fasihions, which they saw in the garden of the Cafe Plon, were truly delightful. Q£o be continued.) 