THURSDAY MORNING'S TRAINING NOTES. MORPnETTVUAE. Tb« track was in splendid order at Morphc tt vflle, auda line morning brought trainers out early. Georgo Anderson was the tir&t; to get going, and ho tent Floodbird for lone steadv exercise. Swithm finished up with a milo in 1 min. 57 sec, but Playmato was not extended. Koily's team, including Thunder Queen, Miraclum, Port Admiral, lioyal Admiral, Fleet Admiral, and Respond, wero restricted ro pontle exercise, while Pitchery finished up witli a spurt over a couplo of furlongs, ^utiim and Security had tho assistanco ot Jack Tar for a four-furlong spurt, which thoy cut out iu 58 sec. Foliago, Nomadic, and Supposition pui in a. couple of ^rouail 5, tho laat at half pace. Tho Golden King wont strongly over a couple of rouuds. . Koscdaic, with Bcvcridgo in the saddle, sot over a inilu in a taking manner, while Ensign, who is on tho big «-do, did long work. Clytemnestra ran a miles in even time, and Anglo-Saxon finished up with a smart six furlong?. Treut&lto; moved along for fivo furlongs. Nackara (Totbill) left » mile behind him in 1 min. 5G sec., aud Diadem traversed five furlongs in 1 iniu. 10 see. Thuu dercr was not extended. Saiithcrens (Foon). on the inside track, luft threo furlongs behind him in 43 sec. Fair Saxon (Rogers) got over a mile in 1 miu. 55A eec. Uaubydale. looking healthy and weU, negotiated a round at haif-pace. Happy Jack (Rogers) and Ilurcc (Foon) were coupled for useful exer cise, whilo The Idler left fivo furlongs behind liim in 1 min. 0i kc. Hill's team, including Lord Salisbury, Taliesin, Brokcu Hill, Dales man, Blodwcn, Mermaid, and Princess of Wales, were restricted to steady aud half-pace exercise. Blult went three rouuds with neck sweaters on. aud the Lady Lovclaco filly v.as credited with useful work. Taradc.'.e did good steeplechase work. ' , The Ouj Covtsz. Sheppard was the first to start, and. he retit Lord CJronville, who is iookiug. well, three rounds at a steady gait Wahiue (Shcppard ) wound up with a round at three-quarter prxe, ? while Conlidence put in four milex. increasing tho speed tho last round. Dick Whittingion and Firelock ? were coupled for ~ a thrce furlong spurt Barter was bowling along for a couplo of rounds and «luLct was sent over tho same- distance steadily. Conscript. Carmelite, and Playboy covered their last sis furlongs in 1 nitii. 28 sec. Helena left tivp furlongs behind her in 1 min. 31 sec., and Gip3v Queen ncKoti&ted; her Jait rouud in 1 min. jfal sec, wliile De la Velta was half a second quicker getting over tlio samo distance. Dianthua and Tha Royalist wee coupled for a r.ix -furlong sjwrt, which thev traversed in 1 min. 29.J sec.. All Fours and Angler, both of whom are on tbo improve were companions ior a couplo of rounds, tlio last occupying 2 nin. 4 sec Jack Sprat was credited with good worl:, getting over his last round iu 1 min. 5'J sec. ' Gaillardia and Radiant, the latter looking well, also out in scr \\-icaable exercise, their last mifo being left behind in 1 min. 521 sec. Saracen, a hali brotlhtr to The Arab, was not idle, smd Wood field did sound stcoplecliaso work. Cigarette finished up with a. thren-furlong spurt, while Regent and Recoup left seven furlongs behind them in 1 min. 4l£ sec. Havelock went three times round at half end throe parts pace. Opal and another spurted h.ilf a mile, and Homo Rule covered bis last round in 'J m.n. 11 sec. Strike only canterec, vrhuo 'Holly worked steadily, and Kiisn got to the end of soven furlongs in 1 min. SOJ sec. KingSsh nnd Consequence wero not - extended, but Trout got over three - rounds at half and three ? quarter pace. Earunga worked steadily, and Longlwv.- spurred six furlongs in 1 mm. 2C4 sec. Kirkby finished tip with a spurt over a conplo of furlongs. Esglehawk and Encounter condnded with .1 smart half mile, tho watch registering f-7 wcs. . Tho Ghost did long steady work, and First 'Master left seven furlongs behind him in 1 iain, -ilk sees. Mompa rattled along over & milo aud a quarter, negotiating the round in 2 iniu. 1 3cc. Convontioner, Hamlet, and Sir Gcorzo v.ero bracketed over threo rounds, covering-theirlast round in 2 min. 1 S3c, Hamlet finishing in front of Conventioner. Jickeroa did gcod serviceable work, while Orb trotted oaco round, and Fund encompassed a circuit at three-quarter pace. , 