NOTES AND NOTIONS. I ? — ? ? — ? i [By Taktauin.] The Premier and the Press — Ront- geit Rays and Indecency — IliL -TREATING WOMEN AND COWS. There is a little cloud, at present no bigger than a man's hand, banging over Mr. Reid's fortunes, and it threatens very shortly to grow to the huge com pass of the clond that is over his repu tation. This threatening influence in the Premier's . horoscope is the fact that the Daily Telegraph is ' cooling off' on its once ardent admiration of his genius. It is not any adequate recompense that simultaneously the Sydney Morning Herald is increasing its servile adulation, for if Mr. Reid makes an enemy of the Telegraph, which is almost wholly re sponsible for the bubble reputation that he enjoys, that paper will soon hound him put of power. The last revenue re turns were printed by the Herald just as the Premier published them ; by the Telegraph they were judiciously sub edited to be a little more in accordance with fact and reason ; and there has been noticeable lately in the junior Free trade paper a querulous note when dealing with the actions of the Ministry. Perhaps, indeed, the Daily Telegraph sees Protection coming, and wisely, though hardly like a wise virgin, is trimming its lights to meet the ' creature' half way. The Melbourne Age stands at present at the head of tho newspapers of Austra lia in point of view of circulation and influence. It prints daily its 100,000 copies, a number more than equal to that printed by the Sydney Morning Herald and the Sydney Daily Telegraph together. This enormous circulation and the wide Empire of its influence are wholly due to the fact that it early espoused the National cause of Protec tion. The Sydney Daily Telegraph may be inclined to reach after the samo success bv emnlatiner the Ann. It is wired from Sydney that a show man who has recently been making a few shillings out of a Rontgen ray exhibition, has been prosecuted by the police on a charge of indecency, and committed for trial. The show, as I saw it, was in questionable taste. A man entered a coffin, the rays wero turned on, and his skeleton was supposed to be exposed to view. I say, supposed, because the full exposure of the skeleton did not always eventuate. Perhaps, legally this may be held by the court^ to be indecent exposure ; to the ordinary lay mind it is simply bad taste. Only the morbid mind of a man that could rejoice in hangings would take pleasure in such an exhibition. Of course, I am not cognisant of the facts of the case before the court and do not wish in any way to comment upon it. The idea that the Rontgen rays are indecent is not at all new. When first they became famous there is a story of a professor giving a public demonstration of the pOwers of the wonderful discovery. He had just commenced to explain that the rays could easily penetrate any thick ness of cloth, when an old lady among the audience gathered up lier reticule and her parasol. ' This is no place for a respectable woman,' she said, firmly, as she left the ball. Really those Russian statesmen are dropping off with suspicious celerity. Scarcely had Lobanoff given up the ghost than Schoulveioff is attacked with paralysis. That two of the Czar's chief officials should be so sharply cut down, almost leads to the belief that nihilism has given up dynamite for poison. There uiu smut; ncutiuua ui au-uuueu luiuwuera, anarchists, nihilists and ultra socialists, who are led away with the idea that 'the end justifies the means,' and, firmly con vinced of the.jostice and righteousness of their own mad ends, they are able by a queer kind of perverted logic to justify murders and outrages. The fact that a few days ago in Vic toria, a woman was fined £2 for cruelly illrtreating her cow, and a man finedionly 108 for cruelly ill- treating his wife, has been made the text of a good many dis quisitions cn the cras3 folly of the law — and rightly so. That the illtreatment of a cow should be accounted four timeB more heinous than the ill-treatment of a woman shows a peculiar want of discrimi nating faculty on the part of the magi strates. The reason for many startling differences of punishment — whioh are often really ,not tho fault of the judge or the magistrate but of the Statute Law — is that two con siderations influence penology : (1) the heinousness of a crime ; (2) the chances of its detection, Thus two transgres sions against the law, one of which is comparatively easy and the other diffi cult of detection, but which otherwise are not differentiated, ieceive very un equal punishments. A big extra penalty is added on to the crime which is hard to discover in the hope that it will in the would-be criminal's mind balance ac counts against his greater immunity from discovery. Thus the theft of horses, cattle, and sheep, moro particu. larly in the old days when settlement was not so close, and even now, is punished on'ja scale which to the lay mind seems prcpostorous. But then, thiefs of this sort are fairly safe from detection and must have a big penalty dangled before their eyes as a set-off against tho knowledge of that fact. This principle 'and not a sacrosanct re gard for tho interests of property is generally at the bottom of the big dis parity often noticed between the punish ment of crimes against goods, and those against the person. Ethics is the name we give to our own pet hypocrisies. 