TUESDAY'S TRAINING NOTES. .UORPHETTVILLE. \- jNackara, Flooubird, and bwithin were the first to face tho music at Morphettville on Tuesday morning, tho trio being sent once round at a sood sound pace. Ando-Saxon slipped over five furlongs in 1 min. 10 sec. Concussion, Duke of Richmond, and Surcfoot were given long steady work, while Scutum and Security ran three furlongs at a steady pace. Rosedalc, who was piloted by Bevo ridgc, slipped over a mile, but made no time. Miraclum,- Thunder Queon, Port Admiral, Fleet - Admiral, and Respond wero all given steady exercise. Ensign got over a couple of circuits at half and three quarter pace. The Golden King f Mason) was given a couple of rounds over the hurdles, and the King of the Ring representative bhaped /airly well. Supposition, Foliage, and Nomadic wero not extended. Jack Tar concluded his work by spurting over four fur !o:i;js. Diadem, Trentaho, Pitchery, Rose Park, and Tho Idler were given useful work, while Hear Hear negotiated a mile in even time. Alveary left Jialf a mile behind in 55 sec., but Thunderer and Wrangler only can tered. Danbydale was sent a round,* and Doric three rounds at half-pace. Mermaid nnd the Derby colt £1 -usinian were treated to long steady work. -Dalesman ran a round at hali-pace. while Broken Hill was credited with three rounds. Princess of 'Wales and Blodwen were coupled over a mile and a quarter, which they left behind in 2 min. 3QA sec. Bluff was given long useful exercise.' Lord Salisbury and Taliesin spurted four fur longs at the back of the course, but made no time. Tnt Old Course. Playboy wrs the first to put in an appearance on tlw Old Course on Tutisday morning, and finished up three rounds by spurting tho last few furlongs. Lord Grenville was given long medium work, while Carinclito put in a couple of circuits at half and three-quarter pace. Juliet was bowling along, and left the last round Ivhind in 2 min. S sec Firelock spurted over a couplo of furlongs, while Wahinc and Dl'Ai Wiiittington wero companions i« a six furloug Jlutter. th« watch registerinjr 1 min. 'lit .*ec. Helena':! mission was a round, which *ho left behind in 1 min. 5SX see. Conscript and Gipsy (t'mvn took 2 min. 57A .sec. to nego tiate a mile :tiul n half, while Dc la Tolta slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 25 sec. Confidence was given long work at three quarter pace. All Fours and Angler were together for three founds, tho pair getting over the last inila in 1 min. 53$ sec. Have lock ran a round in 2 min. 5 sec., while Toe Royalist and Dianthus made even time in a milo gallop. Jack Sprat negotiated his last round in 2 min. 2.1 sec., and Strike put in good useful work. Recoup and Regent traversed a mile in 1 min. 5 sec., the lattor finishing in front. Radiant and Gailiardia, who ' finished together. u*cre sent for three rounds, the last one being got over in 2 mm. 4 sec. ' Bombastic did useful work, while ? Simple Jim put in a couole of circuits at three-parts pace. KiapSsn was treated to sotao long ste.-vdv work, irbile Cicarettc slipped over six furioags ia 1 min. 24 sec. Sir George was given sound stocplo chaso work, and got over the last round in 2 min. 7 sec. Trout was given useful exercise. Kirkby was rcsponsiblo for a mile run in 1 min. 535 sec, while Longbow took i\ sec longer to get over tho satno distance. Homo Rule, The Ghost, and Jackemo wero all credited with good work. Snowdrift and Isinglass negotiated their last round in 2 min. Gscc First Master slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 2ii sec, but 1; uud was not extended over a similar distance. Convent ioner ran a round in 2 miu. 3 sec, while Mompatoak 1 min. f-7i aec. to got over a mile. Kaso and Electric left six furlongs behind in 1 inin 2ft sec. ? Consequence and Eaglehawkput in some useful work. ? 