. A D Y I N B L A C K CHAPTER VII. A STKANGE FANCI*. BY FLOKESCS WARDEN. Chat was that!" uked Mabin, with a I and Radolph had both tamed initio attowards the spot whenoe the rustling hid come. [oat, moat likely," answered Rudolph. | Mabin shook her head, •aw something," whispered (he, " It ot a oat, it wai not an animal at all. i a man." haps Ridolph had had his suspicions, txprecsed no surprise. Before he (answer her, they beard the craokling pe rustling again, bnt at a little dis- The in trader was making his way bh the shrubbery. Fon t yon find oat who it is ?"' whls- [ the girl again, dolph hesitated. •orhaps I know," said be, shortly. I if yon wish, of coarse I can make Bn with evident relaotaoce, and taking •ins to go noiselessly, he io lowed the der throo(jh the boshes, and was in to catch a glimpse of him as he disred over a part of the fenoe that was jroktn-dojm condition, dolph did not attempt to continue his lit, bnt contented himself with waiting he heard the side gate in the garden j>f Stone House swing bsii into its with a load creaking noise. Then he [back to Mabin. Se was standing i he had left her, on the bread gravot under the faded laburnum. The sharers very deep nnder the trees by this aud in the half light her young face, Its small, delioate features, its dreamy, htfnl eyes, fall o( the wonder of the [of the vary young, looked so pretty •or the moment Radolph forgot the 1 on whioh he had been sent, and apbed her with no thought of anything be beauty and the sweetness of her all unconscious of this, woke him lolleotion with one abrupt word, ell »" i," almost stammered he, "it was as inght, the same person that I saw ling before." nd he went into our garden. I heard itp," sal i Mabin, with rxdtement. "It |be this Mr B inks. Oh, who do you he is ? What do yoa think he has for r Iolph was Bilent. Evan to the lesst s or observant mind the oircam- • snrronoding both him and Mrs Dale not seem other than myaternns. If ire a detective, and he certainly did ik like on?, aare'y he would not go to in this ertravjguit manner by rent'ng and expensive house merely for the ise of watohing his nest-door neighbor, er, it might be supposed, would he set >rk in snoh a clumsy fashion as to be it making his investigations at the very it. Radolph felt that the whole affiir mystiryto whioh be oonld not preto have the shadow of a cine. He oond this to Mabin. with," he went on, iu a gentle tone, it I had known something of this belyour father went away." IkVhy,'' asked Mabin iu surprise, and ^something like revjlt in her tone. ecause I should have told him someg, j ist enough, at any rate, to have |e him take yon away with him." labia wai for a moment dumb with sur- (What," she stammered at last, " after four talk about my being right to stand ny friend.' " Sven after all that," assented Rudolph, ideoislon. "Toe matter is getting toe he went on gravely. "I am Id myself of what may be going to pen." |Then,"retorted the girl, "for all your about meanness being exousabie in a ; I urn be a better friend than you." Rudolph smiled. |Ab, aud he, "you forget that with I it is only a question of your friendship | Mrs Dtic, Now I have to think of i nf yon." You need not trouble yourself about me, hnre you." |But this is just what I must do. madam, i at the risk of your eternal displeasure," [ Rudolph, with a mock heroio air whioh aled real anxiety. " You are not only ng enough, yon are too daring where heart is oonoerned, and it is the ness of your friends to see that yoa do •offer for your generosity." He spoke so muoh quiet decision, that Mabin Impressed and rather frightened, and it 1th a sadden drop from haughtiness to ness that she then asked: 7hat are you going to do then ?" taolph hesitated. Vhat I should like to do," said he, " is ke you to my mother's—" f abin almost soreamed. k."on won't do that," ahe said quietly, i her lips very tightly olosed. She would to very kind to yon," bested Rudolph, gently, pleadingly. |e knew the prospect wai not an entlaing 1 bnt he was not so qaiok as the girl to Wll its disadvanages. |And don't you see that it would set all saying the most dreadful things ut poor Mrs Dale if I were to leave her |denly like that? I shouldn't think of i thing. It would be cruel as well as farardly. She would never be able to stay atone after that." ' I don't think she will be able to atly in case," said Radolph, gloomily. " If 9 is persecuted by this spy on one band, 1 by the old woman on the other, it isn't ^ely that she will be able to stay here Dg." i A new idea dished suddenly into Matin's liod and then quiokly found expression | " Do you suppose," she asked, "that his man, this Mr Fanks, is paid by the o\d ady to spy upon Mrs DJe ? The old lady jiost te very rioh, I think, and she is «ntiic, evidently, j Bat llaiolph was inollned to think this Hen far-fetched From what he bad seen of bo mysterious spy he had come to quite nother conclusion, one that at present he lid not oare to oommonloate to Mabin, for par of alarming her unnecessarily. "Of oonrse, it is possible that the man bay be a paid deteotive," admitted he, loublfully; " bnt there was nothing if the Ix policeman about your Mr Banks. And low," went on Rudolph, who found Mabin kerself a more interesting mystery than Uu inknown man, " let us forget all about him or a little while, aud go up to the old seat pi ere the trees leaves off, before it gets too rk to see the sea. You remember the old ka\ and how we used to trespass to get at t, don't yon?' I Mabin blushed a little. She remembered the old seat very well; an eld broken-down iench, supported on the stumps of a couple felled trees, just on the edge of the plantsion Ielonging to "The Towers." Being onveniectly near both to "Stone House" od the Vicarage, the children of both ouseB had established, in those far oB years hioh Rudolph was recalling, a right to ead down the old fenoe at that partioalar oint, and to hold wonderful picnlos of atterscotch and sour apples. " We won't go up there now," she said, ith a sadden demurenees, whioh contrasted trongly with the eagerness she had shown hi'e discussing the perseoatlon of Mrs ale. " It's getting dark, and rather oold, think, and besides, I hope by this time that Mrs Dale may be ready to see us again," - Rudolph felt snubbed. The girl's manner was so precise, so stiff, that it was impossible for him to understand that her sudden primness wai only a reltpso into her Innate, girllih modesty. He followed her without . WJrd towards the house, and there, jast jnsule the portioo, they saw the slight figure J? b1 *ok, looking like a pithetio vision in the gloaming, with its white, tear-stslned ncesnd slender, Uttle, jewelled hands, "Well!' said Mrs Dtle, and her voioe was hoarse and broken; "I have been waittog here for yoa, wondering where yon had poor, I h^ almost begun *o iUoVsbe! want on. with assumed p'ajf nines', whiob did not hide the foot that her fear had been real, " that you hul run away from me altogether." Mabin lost her awkwardness, her stiffness, her sby, girlish reserve, in an instant. Moved by strong pity and affection, she took the two steps whioh brought her under the portico, and stooping, flung her arms round the little iigure, "You dldnt- really! the whispered, hosreily. " Oi. I hope not, I hope not 1 Mrs Dile ooullnot sniwer. But Mabin felt her frame qiiver from head to foot, and heard the sound of a stifled eob. Kidolpb stepped noiselessly out into the garden a g "Mr deir. my dear child," murmured Mrs Di'e, when she had reoovered some of her telf p ssesslon by a strong effort, " you would have been quite justified if you had gone. Bat I am glad, oh ! so glad, that you have waited for me to drive yon away. " You won't do that r oried Mibin, starting back, and seeing with surprise in the fair blue-eyed face an expression of strong resolution, " A'tir pretending yon were so g ad ti have me!" • It was no pretence bdievema! saldMra Dale, with a sad little smile. "Bit lam oblige! to send you away all the same. It would not be right to keep you here, now chat I see the persecution I am to be subjected to still!'' And her blue eyes flashed angrily as ahe spoke. But the next moment her f»oe ehanged again, and she added, quickly: "I have deserved it all, I have no right to complain. Only—ahe mijht have spared you. 1 should have done you no barm ; you would have learned no evil from me, wicked as I am." The girl interrupted her with a frightened face,.and epeakiog io an eager whisper— " Ob, hush, hash ! You are aot wioked. It is dreadful to hear you say snch things 1 I will not let yon say them. You have the kindest hea:t in the world; if "you have ever done wrong, yon are sorry, bitterly sorry. Wickel people are never sorry. Let me stay with you and oomfort you if I can, by ehowing you hoir happy it makes me to be with yon I' Mrs Dde shook her head. She did not, however, repeat in words her resolve that Mabin mast go, though she guessed by the expression of her face that her mind was made up on tbe subject. Toey stood ei'ently looking out at the soft beauties cf the twilight, the greens as they melted into greys blending In suoh a tender harmony of oolour that the sight seemed to supply a balm, through teardimmed eyes, to their heavy hearts. The rcent of the roses oame to them across the space of gravel, too, mingled with the pleasantly acrid perfume of the limes. Kido'pVs step, as he took advantage of the silence to thiavt himself again upon the notioe of the ladies, startled them both. "Nowyou've rpoilt it all]" cried Mrs Dale, in a tone wldoh wss meant to be one cf light-hearted pleasantry, but whioh betrayed too plainly the difficulty she had in assuming it. "The garden looked like a fairy picture till you rushed in and ruined the perspective. Aren't you going to apologise ?'' " No. The plotnrs wanted human interest, so I piloted-myself on the oanvas, just to satisfy ynur artletio sasoeptibilities. I am sorry to find you so ungrateful, 1 hope yon, Mabin, have more appreciation !' Bat the girl's eyes were fall of tears, and not being used to this light strain of talk, she could not answer, except by a few mumbled words, whioh had neither sense nor oo^erenoe. Mrs Dale pat up her hand —she had to stretch it np a long way—and smoothed the girl's pretty brown hair. " Djn't tease her," she said, softly. ' Mr Bonnin^ton, I mnitn't ask you to dine with us, bnt I would if I might.*' And why mustn't 70U1" atked Rudolph. Well, bee Hue, in the miserably equivooal position I am in, it wonld be a pleasure—if I may take it for granted that it would be a pleasure to -yon, as it wonld certainly be to me—dearly bought. The Vioar would strongly disapprove; your mother wou'd be shocked beyond measure.". " B it I shouldn't mind that, I assure yon. I've shocked my mother and excited the disapproval of my father so often that they don't expect anything else from me. Besides, I'm afraid you flitter yourself too muoh In believing that yoa have suoh an enviable psculiarltyi if yon were to issue invitations to the whole pirith to a gardenparty, or a dinner, or anything yon liked, Pm afraid you would be disappointed to find that everybody would come." "Perhaps they wonld think there was safety in numbers, and that fortified by the presence of everybody else, they could gaze at the monster in security !'' suggested Mrs Dale with a smile, " In the meantime how muoh nearer must I get to Inviting myself to dinner this evening?" said Ridolpb, with a subdued voioe and a meek manner. " Ah, well, for Mabln's sake then, I spare you the humiliation aud invite you myself. ^ shall sta; to amusj her, sinoe I am afraid she woi [ find me a very dreary companion." "Indeed I shouldn't,"cried Mabin,blushing deeply and epeakfng with as muoh energy as if the presence of Rudolph were an injury. "I should like nothing better than an evening alone with you." Radolph drew a deep sigh, and even Mrs Dale oould not suppress a smile at the glti's unooneoiouF gaucheric When Mabin realised what a stupid thing she had said, she was of course too muoh ashamed of herself to laugh at her clomsy words, and fell, instead, into a stiff silence whioh the others found It impossible to make her break exoept by demure monosyllabic answerr. When they went into the dining-room, therefore, the evening did not p-omlse to be a lively one. Mrs Dale seemed to find it impossible to shake off the effects of the visit of ber persecutor. Rudolph was oppressed by fears for both the ladies, and by doubts whether his presence there was not an indlsoretion which wonld make matters worse for both of them. While Mabin, perplexed and troubled by a score cf nnsoosstomed sensations, was the most silent, the most depressed of all. Daylight was still streaming in from the west as they took their seats at the table in the dingily-famished room. Mrs Dale gave a little shudder as she glanced from the "furnished honss" knives to the oommonplaoe dinner service. " Ah !" she said. " It was not like this that I used to entertain my friends. My little dinners had quite a reputstion—once!' Then, as If she felt that these regrets were worse than vain, she turned the sab j sot abruptly, while a spasm of pain for the moment convulsed her faoe. Rudolph, on his side, was sorry she had mentioned the " little dinners." They sag. gested a past Ilfo iu voioh there had beei something more than frivolity; something with' which he wonld have dlsusoclated Mrs Dale if he oonld. But inncoent Mabin, wishing to say something, brought the conversation back to the point it had lett. " But Why oan't you have pretty dinners now,~if you like to !" Mrs Dale's fair faoe grew whiter as she answered, gently— " I will tell yon—presently—some day— why I don't have anything pretty or nioe about me now," And Mabin, feeling that she had touohed a painlnl ohord, became more silent than ever. Perhaps it was ber sudden subsidenoe into absolute gloom whioh caused the other two to make a great effort to restore something of animation to the talk, and, bong both young and of naturally high spirits, they su'ooeeded so well that before the meal, whioh bad began so solemnly, was over, Mrs Dale and Radolph were talking and laughing as |f there had never been a shadow upon either of their lives. At first they made brave attempts to drag Mabin into the conversation; bnt, as these efforts were in vain, It naturally ended In her being left out of the gaiety, and sitting entrenohed in thf gloomy silenoe of her own, And when dinner was. over, and they al> went into the little adjoining room whiob Mr* Dale called her "den," it was quite natsral that Mis Dile should ot down s,t the piano, in the good-natured wish to Mye the young people to entertain each oUitr; p ___ and equally natural that Rudolph. ni filling tbstliabinibad nothing to wyl to him and that she was particularly frigid in her manner, should go over to the piano, aud, by coaxing Mrs Dale 11 sing him his favourite songs and then hers, should oontinue the brisk flirtation begun at the dinnertable. Mabin had brought it all upon herself, and she tried to persuade herself that it was quite right and natural, and that she did not mind; and when Rudolph was gone and she was alone with her hostess, she suooeeded in convincing her that she had not felt negleoted, but had enj 'yed the merriment she had refused to share. Bat when ehe got upstairs into her pretty bedroom, after bidding Mrs Dale good-night, she had the greatest difficulty in keeping baok the tears whioh were dangerously near her proud eyes. She did not oare for Radolph, of course nbti she wanted him to fsll in love with Mrs Dale—if, indeed, he had not already done sc—and marry her and console her for all her troubles, and stop the persecution sf "the oat.'' Bat somehow this hope, this wish, did not give her all the nnse'fish satnf totlon it ought to have dene, Aud Mabin, wondering what had happened te take the prettiness out of the room and the pleasure out of her friendship with Mrs Dale, fell asleep with her heart full of nameless grief. She awoke with a start to find a white figure standing motionless in the middle of the room. Mabin sprang up in bed and robbed her eyes. Was she awake? Or was ehe only dreaming that the body of a dead woman, stiff, rigid, but in au upright position, was standing like a marble statue between the bed and the nearest window ? She leapt out ot b *d, and, not withont uncanny fears, touched the statuesque figure. " Mrs Dale !" she almost shrieked, as the great eyes suddenly turned and fixed a blank, wild gaze upon her face. " Oh 1 what has happened ? What is the matter ? " The figure, which, in white night garments had looked so ualike the blaak-robed widow that Bhe had not reoognised it, 'trembled from head to foot. The lips parted, ~bnt at first no words esoaped them. At last, with a strong effort, Mrs Dale uttered these words: " Let me stay here. Let me sit In this arm-ohair till morniag. Oh, I will not hurt you, or. frighten you. But if I go back I sha 1 go mad 1 Tills honse is haunted 1 haunted! I havo seen " A hoarse rattle in her throat seized her, threatened to ohoke her. With one wild glance round, peering into the oomers of the room, she fling herself on the fi<or and baried her faoe in the ohalr. CHAPTER V ilL A HAUNTED HOOSH. Mabin was taken so thoroughly by surprise, on seeing the wild self-abandonment of her unhappy companion, that for a few minutes she Btood staring at the crouching fijfure on the floor, like one only half awake. Was this really Mrs Dale, this haggard, pantlag creature with the house voioB.tbe twitching hands, the wide eyes full of unspeakable terror f M tbin's symp ithy was ready, bnt at first she did not dare to offar it, Snch terrible anguish, suoh paralysing fear as that from which the miserable woman was suffering, was something eurely beyond her poor powers of oomfjrt I And even as the girl advanced timidly a step nearer to her grief-etrioken friend, there flashed into her mind the horrible qu etion —What must this secret be, locked in the widow's breast, whioh could throw her into snch paroxysms ot abject terror f Fjr, not unnaturally, Mabin oame to the conclusion that the vision-which had alarmed Mrs Dale was one 0 the results of the remorse from which Bhe owned that she was suffering. Don't I D on't sob like that I Yon will mifee yourself ill; yon will indeed. There is nothing, there is nobody here to frighten yen," Bail the girl at last, drawing a little closer to the cronohing figure, bat not yet daring to touch her, or to speak ii_ a tone louder than a whisper. At the first sound ol her voioe, Mrs D tie had started, and rtised her bead quiokly, turning to the girl's view a face so muoh altered, so drawn, BO old-looking. that she hardly recognised the features of the lovely widow. Then, when the voice ceased, ehe glancad round the rooa again, with the same hunted, anxious look as before. N thing—nobody to frighten me 1" she repeated in a shaking voioe. "No, of course not, of c ;urse not. H >w silly I have been. I am afraid I frightened you, dear, with my dreams, my silly fancies 1" She struggled, as if worn out. and exhausted by ber -emotion, to gain her feet T midly, gently, Htbin helped her to rise. "I'mvery glad I was here, 1 'answered Habin, in kindly tones that sent a shiver of grateful recognition through her agitated companion. "Do you feel better now f" Yes, oh, yes, I am all right. I am not ilL I sm so much ashamed of myself f ir disturbing yon. I don't know how to apologise," answered Mrs Dale, trying bravely to speak in her nsnsl tone, bnt glancing at the door, and then back to the window, as she uttered the words. " It mult have been a dream, ot course, that frightened me." And then, quite suddenly, she broke down again, and slipping from the supporting arm of her young companion, she threw hereelf into the wicker arm-chair, and bant into a passion of tears. Uncertain what to do, Mabin, in her sympathy and UndneBs, did extctly the right thing. She drew another chair beside the wicker one, sat .down in it, and pntting her right arm round Mrs Dale's shoulder, and holding the poor lady's trembling fiogersin her own, remained in perfect silenoe until the first ebullition ot violent giief had [assed away. < • I shall never forget your kindness, child never," said Mrs Pile, when, as suddenly as it had begun, her passion of tears ended. " You have saved me from going mad, yes, mad. I—I must leave you now, or you won't get any rest." She rote as she spoke, but Mabin saw that the panic of terror whioh had been npon her at her entrance was regaining its hold npon her as she approached the door. With her fingers on the handle she stopped, and seemed ores more to grow rigid with fear. Mabin was by her side in an instant. " Stay here," she saA. " You will have the dream again, perhaps, if yon go away by yourself." At these words a shiver ran through Mrs Dale, and she faltered. " It must have been that gloomy room I" she said at last, in a whisper. "And the < ffiotof her visit! B it it will kill me if it comes again I' Suddenly she turned to Mabin. " May 1 lie on the sofa -until the morning ! " eheasked, pitoouflly. " I won't disturb you. I feel as if I should be safe from—it—in here with you !" The wistful pleading in her eyes brought the tears to Mabin's. "Of course you nuut stay," she cried,; heartily. " And I do hope you will get to sleep, and not have any more dreams." Veiy quietly Mrs Dale lay down on the couch between the windows, aud, drawing the scfa blanket over her, and refuslne any ether covering, she olosed her eyes. Mibin knew that this apparent tranquility was assumed only, and she plaoed herself on the bed In suoh a position that ahe oonld watoh -her friend, while appearing to be herself asleep. Thas she waited and watched in sUenoe. Before many minutes had pawed ahe saw, from between half-closed eyelashes, that Mis Dale was sitting np, and bending her head in a listening attitude. And presently the slender figure, with its white dressing-gown, slipped softly off the sofa and hurried on tiptoe across the floor to the door. There tt knelt iown and listened again. And after a few minutes Mrs Dale turned Hie key in the look, and orept baok, not to the couoh, bat to the armchair. Mabin shut her eyes, and tried to disentangle the knot of strange Ideas that filled herbrain. • What was the nature of the secret wMab weighed on the oonsoienoe of Mrs Dale? Why was ahe kept in luxury by tfae very wpman who tried i to pjake her life unbear- able, to out her off from .every human friend ? What was the strange tie between the hard, elderly woman and the impulsive, volatile young one? What was the vision whioh dad caused her so muoh distress? And, above all, why, if it was only a virion, did she try to keep it away by locking the door? Aud why—and wby—? More questions surged np in her tired brsin; bnt Mabin forgot them as they toie. She fell asleep. When she awoke in the murning it was to find that someone was knooking at the door, and then she heard the housemaid's voice announcing that it was eight o'clook. She sprang up, and looked towards the sofa; but there was no one but herself in the room. Sorely, she thought, the strange visit of the night must have been a dream. The rug on the sofa was neatly folded, just as it had been when she came up to bed last night. Not a Bign was to be seen of any intrusion during t:e night. Even when she went downstair* and mot Mrs Dale Inthi hall, there was little to tell of the experience of the hours of darkness. Perhaps the pretty widow looked a little paler than usaal, bat in every other resprc'.she was the same airy, impulsive oreature, now smiling, now looking sad, as she had been before the dreadful visit of the lady whom Irreverent Mabin cilled "the oat." It was not, indeed, until breakfast was over, and they had gone out into the garden to oat some flowers while the dew was on them, that either of the ladies made any reference to the events of the night. Mrs Dale, with one daiutly-shod foot in a flewer-bed, was stretohing out her hands towards a bush of sweet peas, when, withont turning her head, she said— "I am in great trouble about you, Mabin." " Are you ? Why, Mrs Dale ?'' " I don't quite know what to do with yon If I send you to Mrs Bonnington, I shall have to tell some shocking tarrsiiiddie about the drains having to come up, or the r:of having given way, and she will be sure to find me ont and to pry, and to give both of as what the old women . call ' muoh unpleasantness.* And if I send you on to Geneva, I don't know whether they will be glai to aee you when you arrive." " And I'm sure they won't," sa ; .d Mabin, heartily. "And there is one other objeotioa to sending me anywhere, and that is that I won't go." Mrs Dde dropped her sweet peas, and turned round. Her eyes were full of sadden tears. " Nonsense, child," she said, sharply, but in a querulous tone whioh betrayed her emotion, " nonsense. It was dtcidedy eaterday afternoon that yon were to go. You know it was." " You deolded that I was to go, I didn't. And " Instinotively she dropped her voice. "Aud something that happened last night—in the night, made me decide not to go. There I' " But, my dear " No. Mrs Dale, I'm not golog to be * got round.' . - You've chosen to take me upon yout shoulders, so now you must just keep me. Ha 1 ha 1 Yoa didn't know I had So muoh determination, dii you ?" Bat Mrs Dale could surely (peak. Now for the-first time that morning Mabin realised that the scene of the night had really taken plies, for the emotions aroused -by this little bit of talk hsd brought baok into Mrs Dais's blue eyes a faint reproduction of the wild terror she had shown when she cime to the girl's room. . When she: had recovered her voice, the lady in bla?k, pale, hoarse, shaken with her agitation, stammered out these words— " M; dear , girl, it is beautiful ot yon to eff«to stay. But I c innot let you. Yoa ought naver to have come. I was mad, wickcd to let yon come; but my madness and my wickedness I most beu alone." H iw strange these words - seemed in the broad dajfight, Mibin thought. By the weak glimmer of the n<gbt-light Mrs Dale's wil4 looks and words had seemed fantastic, weird. . Bat the broad railight seemed to five the nameless horror which hnng aboift the poor little lady in black a reality as-vivid as it was painful. But with this feeling there csma also into the heart ot the young girl a great tendemoBS towards the suffering woman who was. haunted by the shadow of her own past. So ehe smiled, and, with a pretty, half shy look in her eyes, said— " You told me I saved you from going mid, so I mean to stay; and I mean to sleep ia the same room with yoa, so that yon ehallnot be frightened any more." Mrs Dale shook her head. ' I em't let yon do that," said she. " I don't sleep very well, and sometimes I start np and cry out. I should frighten you." ' Then we will exAsnge rooms," seid Mabin. By the look of jiy and relief which flashed over Mrs Dale's fscs at this suggestion Mabin saw that sha had conquered. Bit—won't yon be afraidf" asked the widow, in a troubled voice. " What! ot a ghost, a vision, or of having bad dreams ? No, not a bit." Mrs Dale glinced gratefu'ly at the yonng face, with its look of robust Philistine scorn ot phantoms. "It is a temptation," she murmured; fir, after all, I know, I know that it was only a dream, a horrible dream, and there is no fear that the dream will cde.4 to you " " And it it did," retorted M ibin, stoutly, 'it wouldn't frighten me. I'm too stodgy i* I have no imagination." Mrs Dale smiled sadly. " Yon are right,'* she said. " If ycu did have the same dre:m it wonTd have no tenors for yon. Yoor conscience is clear." " And my digestion good," added Mabin, lightly, as she picked np the fallen flowers and put them in her basket. , There was no donbt that her refcsil to go had taken a load ot melancholy from the shoulders of her hostess, who Bent the young girl ont fcr a walk as soon as the gathering of the flowers was over, and charged her not to go far enough to tire her still weak ankle. Mabin, with a book and a sunshade, esimtEred elowly down the hill to the nearest g»p in the cliff, and went down the deep descent to the sands. This was no pvadise of nursemaids and babies, but a solitary nook, beloved by quiet miidea ladies and sentimental couple?. With rash disregard of the daigcr of sitting under a chsik cliff, Mabin found a seat on a rook worn smooth by the sea, opened her book, and began—no fto read. The circumttanoes in which Bhe found hereelf were far too interesting for her to be able to give herself up to the milder excitements of fiction. She sat with her open book on her lap and her eyes staring out at the sea, wbich was vividly blse in the sunshine, when she became suddenly censcione ot a footstep she knew in her immediate luigborhood. Although she affected to ba surprised when Rudolph appeared b afore her, shs had known that he was approaching, and her heart began to beat very fast. He looked down at her between the spikes of her sunshade, pretending to be afraid to speak to her. ' '3ood morning," Bud she at last. "I was woodaring whether I dared' s»y tie same thing I" "Diredf" "Yes. After your treatment of me last night, I felt nervous." "My treatment of you I What treatment f" *' Why were you so onkind P Or mustn't- I ask why I" Yon may ask, of conrse. Bat I can't give yon any answer, beciuse I didn't know that I was unkind." " I wish I oonld believe that." " Well, if you won't believe it, I have aothing to sa;." Bsdolph was silent a few minutes. Then, with a burst ol explosive energy, hi made np his mind. " No I" he cried, so loudly that Mabic itarted, as he threw himself down on th' sands betide her," I will net be daunted I will encase mycalf In double raub-prool armor plates, and I try to taaah hei halt) be dignified it is not necessary to be unkind—ind—yes, I will say it—abso Iutely rude." Mabin became crimson, and the tears started to her eyes. She had not meant to be rude, but undoubtedly her behavior had laid her open to this acru~.ation. "I am stnp'd, clumsy; I am rude withont meaning it," she said in a tone of snsb excessive humility aud penitence that it was impossible to doubt her sincerity," 1 am very sorry. But you shouldn't take an; notice of what I do or siy. Nobody does at home. When I am more awkward and tiresome than usual, they always say— • Oi, ifs only Mabin I' and then nobody minds." " Ah, well, I can't quite feel like that— that it's only Mabin. When one likes a pBrson, and wants to be good friends, very good friends with that person, juit as one UBed to be when thst parson and one33li were little things in short frocks and knickerbockers, it is very dishesrtenitg to fiad that person determined to be—er—lo be—er—so reserved that when one sits beside that parica, as I did last night, ycu know, she will only let one Bee so much of her right ear as to practically turn her baok to one I" " I didn't!' " Yon. did though. Aud it is what yon were doing again jast nowuutil the horror ot hearirg the troth made yon tarn round to fly at me 1 You did turn your baok npon me last night, Miss Bose, and you hurt my feelings." " Indeed, you did not seem to be hurt. You seemed to be enjoying yourself very much 1" "Well, so I was, in a way. But I should have enjoyed myself muoh more if yon had been as nice as you were iu the garden." Mabin heaved a deep sigh. "It's no use expecting me to be nioe," she said iu a voioe of despair, "I can only manage it BO very seldom." " Well, could you hold out some signal, suoh as by wearing a partioalar fl >wer, or colonr, or some espeoial knot of ribbon, to let a fellow know when he may speak to you withont being snubbed ? "No, I oouldn't," retorted Mabin with great fierceness, bnt with a twinkle of fan in her grey eyes, which gave greater hopes than her words did. "It is ot no use for me to promise more than I oan perform. You had better look upon me as a deoldedly disagreeable person, with rare moments of proper behaviour." " Proper behaviour, then, means nioeness ? I'm glad yoa think it proper to be nice to me! ' said Rudolph. " I perceive that I've lighted upon one of the rare •moments,' and. I'm going to take advantage of it," he added, as he came a little nearer to her, and looked up in her faoe with a glanoe of amusement and admiration whioh made her blush a little, "I am going to make yon talk to me, and amuie me, as you were to'd to do last night." " No! It was you who were told to amuse me 1" " Was it I Well, we'U take it in turns then. D) yon remember who taught yon cricket." " Yes 5 oh, yes." " And in what a rage yon used to be when yon were oanght ont?" " Yes," answered Mabin. " I remember; but I don't want to talk about oricket. I want to tell you something. Mrs Dale has a fanoy that' The Towers' is haunted.'' Aud she related the adventure of the previous night, and her intention of changing rooms with her hostess. Ridolph listened gravely, and thera was a panic when she had finished before he made any comment. Then he said, abruptly: " Son are not nervous, are you, Mabin ? I know you used to have no end of plnck." " WeLL I haven't any less than I ever had." " Weil, if yon do change rooms, yon have got to be prepared to aee the ghost yourself." ' • You make me fed rather—rathe r creepy! What do you redly th'nk I shall see ?" " A faoe at the window, probably. The faoe of the spy from your honse. What else oan she have seen?'' Mabin considered a moment. "I'll risk it!" ahe oriel, at lut, "I shan't go to bed at all. I shall sit up and watoh." " I wish yon woald. We should find out something if yon had the strength <£ mind to do that. Not without a wild beating of the heart, Habia undertook the task of holding the strange night-watch, without saying a word to Mrs Dile of her intsntioa. Sie thinks ehe only had a dreadful drean, yon know," said Mabin. " Well," replied lladolph, " I want to know what sort of a dream yon will have." Ha had to admire the conrage she showed in undertaking a risk which was, as she expressed it, "rather shnddery," for when he left her at the gate ot " The Towers," ehe was still steadfast in ter intention. It was not until after dinner that evening that Mrs Dale introduced the yonng girl to the apartmeat die was to occupy that night. Mabin waB astonished at its dinginess, its gloominess, contrasting so strongly as they did with the freBh prettiness of the room whioh had bsen prepare! for herself. It was a large cqaue room, with a mouldy, old-fashioned wall-paper, on wbiob unnatural pink roses climbed up a succession ot thin hop-polei. The p s ctures were groups of trees, done with the pencil in the woolly early Viotorian minner, and stiff bouqiets, in water- color, ot conventional early Victorian fliwers. The bed, which was hung with green curtail s, oooupied an undue epscoi and Mabin felt that, in the weird circumstances of her tenancy of the roim, Bhe would have died rather than sleep in that funereal erection. When Mrs Dale had kissed her and bide her good-nighr-, after receiving Mtbin's assurances that she did not feel in the least nervois, the young girl felt a strong inclination to follow her friend out of the room, and to implare her to fiid her some other sleeping-place. ~ By a valiant effort^ however, ehe oonqaeted this wssknesB, end mide a csrifsl survey of her surroundings. In the first place, the windows and their fastenings had to be examined. They were carefully secured, and were both so high above the ground that it would have been impossible for an intnder to reach them without a ladder. There were three doors; and at first Mabin was inclined to regard this as a disquieting circumstance. But on finding that two of them were unused, looked, and without a key, aid that there was a bolt on the door by whioh she had entered, she began to feel more at ease. Exchanging her frock for a dressinggown, and providing herself with a book, she placed herielf in an armchair whioh stood near the fireplace, which, although shabby, was euffioiently comfortable, and, putting her candles on a small table beside her, settled heraelf to read. Her book was a novel of excellent typj, not too clever to be charming, not so comoionp'aoe as to ba dull. Much to her own surprise, she got interested, and forgot, or almost forgot, the vague fears which kept her in the armchair, instead of in bed. She was in the very heart of the book, when a sound, a very B&ght; sound, behin her b&ok;, caused the blood almost to free in her veins. It was a soft, Btealthy tread. Looking round, half paralysed with terror, she saw that the door was ajar, and that creeping softly round towards the inside handle was the long, thin hand of a man. (To be Continued.) 