THE POISONER. We cannot be more than eight hun dred miles from Rio du Janeiro. But It Is four months and a day since we left there. . The second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, besides fracturing the shaft. I do not bfllievc we moved two miles in any direction after that. But One day, what we Imagined wns yel low fever broke out amongst us. First. Ferrand. the chief engineer, died. Then one after the other the ofllcers succumb ed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis do la Forcstter ami myself, had been left, with four other members of our party, in Rio. They were to rejoin us at Pernumbuco. for which port we were bound when we Inst our screw and struck this windlass belt and were boar ded by Death. One morning, at break fast, the marquis himself was taken 111. At noon, my friend and old schoolfellow died In my arms. No suspicion had any of us that it was aught but fever. The symptoms were exactly as we hod heard when ashore— excessive retching, agon ised spasms, death. Alas! we had no doctor, and. amongst us all, no inodlca! knowledge! And it was calm— always calm. And we lay and sweltered motionless. And at short Intervals men died. The offl- cers wen; all gone. Tlien In one day flvc of the sailors died— live, do you un derstand?— one after the other. The survivors, wild with fear, declared that I.a Pucelle was accursed, doomed to rot whore she lay. And, seizing two of the boats, they pulled away. They Implored us tu Join them.' But wo preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths Cor twenty-four hours. : So they went. On board were now loft only niyHCif, Joan d'Auvergno. better known as the Baron de Cllehy; my friend, Antolno de Cayenne, Sleur de Beaupure, and tbo ntoward, u native of AJacelo In Corsica, who also reCtmed to . leave the sblp. Evidently the plague had censed. But week after week we lay like a log In the kuu's eye: night after night, and day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watch for wind to 1)11 our little sails, and at leaHt tuke us from amidst the graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never censed to swim about In the stagnant water, watching for more victims. And over tho oahn stood, and to save our selves from madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping and painting the vessel. For some time the steward lmd hecn acting in a strange and most of fensive manner, insisting, amongst .other things, that, "as we were now all equal, he should take ills meats with us in the cabin. Naturally, we re sisted this innovation. One day, words waxed hot between himself and An tolno. De Cevcune struck him. I-Uh threats were awful. "Ferrand struck me once!" he concluded. "Where Is Ferrand now? Where are they all, my accursed masters?" Then a horrid sus picion came into my mind, arid I deter mined to wutch him closely for at least the next twenty-four hours. But such a length was unnecessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I fol lowed, and saw him take a square glass bottle from one of the shelves. Holding It up to the light, he grinned, and mut tered to himself In Italian— "Fool that 1 wns to spare them! Boon Hhall Ute fever return! Then there will be but one master on La Pucelle!" With a shout to Antoinc in the saloon, tho next minute I had the miscreant by the throat, lie fought like a fury. But we mastered him. The bottle con tained arsenic stolen from tlic dispen sary. lie hod not even the excuse of insanity; for-when at lust, securely bound, w& carried him on/deck, he boasted, In a mattcr-of-fuct, cold-blood ed fashion, of the revenge he had taken. And he told us, tug) that lie had but spared us for a short time, longer be-, cause of the pleasure it gave him to , feel tho sense of absolute power over the. last of IBs former masters— a' pos session he was loth to part with; "But the poor seamen, with whom . you had nothing to do?" queried Antoinc, In a voice of horror. "The lust to kill comes by.- killing," ''replied the wretch with u laugh. And he would speuk no more. Indeed, ho had but little time. Fur more merciful than he had been, we hurled him overboard. The next minute the watchers took him, leaving only a red stain on the still water, to nlinw the end of the wholesale murderer. And now the ship became utterly. In supportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned friends. Strungoly enough, before this know ledge no such tlioughtH had ever troub led us. Now Marie) tlio captain, Fur- rum! tho engineer, bluff' old JoyeuHo the mate, -the marquis, and many 'others, hovered around uh, all with distorted fueeB «iul despairing gestures, their Manes stitl unappcitsed. To-day we take tlio larger of thu two remulnlng boats. Of provisions and water we have an ample supply. Farewell, unknown reader! Perhaps, ere this meets your oyo, wo may have Joined our friends over yonder. But wo trust in the good God and the saints, and, more than all, in our luclc. Once more, udieul— "Pub lic Opinion." 