A MAN'S FOES, BY E. H. STRAIN. "A man's foes shall be they of his own household." CHAPTER XI. (Continued.) How there Came NeAA's to Cloneally of That Which Might Have Been a Massacre. Now that all these events lie behind me, at one distance off, as one might say like a picture, wherein all the parts may be seen at once, and the proportions compared-I can see NOW. Arise was Mr. Phillips's advice. For our case was exactly as he put it there was no neighbour near on whom we could count for aid, let our need be never so great. The men in the village were as like to take part against us as with us, though, sure, they have ever had enough kindness shown them by Captain Hamilton and his people to hand them to his fortunes. But as I read the letter, this prudent course seemed to me no better than a cowardly one. All that had been urged in favour of my continuing at Cloneally at the first, when mine own mind had been to leave it, came back upon me then with tenfold force. Perhaps it was the soldiers' blood that I have in my veins that woke up in me at the moment when 'tAvas wanted-I know not but had I fled from Cloneally With that haste that was counselled in Mr. Phillips's letter, I had seemed to myself like the Bastard who, for his own poor safety, deserts the post that hath been committed to his charge. Even as I read the letter, with such thoughts as these flashing to and fro in my mind like the wild fire over the marsh at night, there came to mine ears such a hubbub, such crying and Availing, as I protest I never heard the like, even in our worst troubles. "T was more like the noise that one may hear from the wild Irish, at their wages or at their feasts, than aught one might expect to her in the sober family of a gentleman like Captain Hamilton. No grass, as the saying is had time to grow under my feet, before I was among the silly frantic creatures ; sure, I know not if they thought I was struck deaf, so as not to hear the riot they made. Cargill AAras amongst them, trying vainly to make them listen to reason ; they cried but the louder at every word he said. But at the first sight of their mistress there was none left that dared continue the unseemly disturbance ; they stood silent in my presence, like sheep in the penfold, or like rebellious children that know they have earned a rating, and expect it forthwith. Nor was there one among them ready to answer me when I desired to know why they behaved them so wildly. At last one took courage to murmur under her breath, " that it was very well for me to ask them such a question." " Well for me ?" I answered her quickly. "Au' if it be, what is amiss for you ? Am I not a woman like yourself? If it be well for me, what is there to fear for my maids ?" At that the foolish thing fell to shedding tears ; but she AAras none so easy to silence, for all her softness. Presently she took heart to murmur again, " that I bore such a heart that nothing daunted me." " But as for me and the rest," she went on, gathering courage with the sound of her own voice, " Ave go about our work all day trembling for fear and we He down at night not knowing what horror may be upon us before the morning's light." " Do you so ?" said I. " And if any such horror should come upon the house, shall I he out of it Shall I not be the very first to suffer, being the head ? Sure, if I see no cause for terror, you and your fellows may keep your minds easy enough." Sure, 'twas as if these words woke up anew the clamour that had been stilled, mixed with such words as showed me that the foolish groom had thought it pity to hold his tongue for one little minute, and had no sooner got him downstairs than he had blabbed his errand. Sure, he had infected every soul of them with his mad terror of the Red-shanks as fast as ever the plague runs through a house. The folly of it all angered me so bitterly that I gave them as sound a rating for their fear, which they scarce could help, as ever I did for their idleness, which they could. But it was to no purpose. One broke out a-weeping after another, and nothing would serve them but to be sent to Derry without delay. "Well," I told them, "if 'tis the Red- shanks you're afraid of, you are like enough to meet them if you go to Derry ; 'tis the very place they're bound for. But here, what likelihood is there that any men in their senses will go four mi. 'S of a roundabout to rabble a house that both neither the name of riches nor of great store of weapons ? You're safe enough here if you would but think it. Go to your beds, and have more respect for God's providence than to think He would smile with danger and trouble them that know so little how to profit by the same." At that Cargill, standing behind me in the doorway, carried his hand to his forehead, after the fashion of a soldier saluting. I saw him out of the corner of mine eye, and turned towards him. " Brave words, madam," said he, " if they mean that danger and trouble will never daunt the heart that can profit by them." Faith, I had intended no such mean- ing, though no doubt the words I had used pointed to it. And at Cargill's salute the strangest feeling passed through my mind, that, having claimed for myself, though unthinkingly, some share of such a quality, I was bound more than ever to shrink from no test that came my way. It passed through my head, and was gone straightway till this moment that I recall the affair to describe it and yet I nothing doubt but it made me the stiffer to stay in mine own house in spite of counsels of prudence and fears of the faint- hearted. For their own sakes solely tried to reason my maids out of their terror, which seemed to me of the sort that makes your terrified horse, for instance, leap from a precipice that will break his neck. But I might as well have debated the thing with the stone of the wall, as the saying is. Before I left them I had given them leave to quit Cloneally at daybreak; against my will very surely, but not at all to my discomfiture. Little discernment was needed to perceive that we were nothing weakened, should real danger arise, by the absence of such as could do nothing to avert it but to weep. At dawn of day they had permission to depart; and at dawn of day they departed, long before the tardy groom thought it possible to be gone upon his master's errand, though that was of so great importance. The men in the yard flouted them for their folly ; but what cared they for flouting, that were gone towards city walls and safety ? Margery Hamilton and Annie Wilson were the only women that remained in Clon-" sally but myself ; they were of another temper than those tremblers. I looked at my twelve brave men as they went out of the house to their several duties, and truly I thought that we three and Roland were none so badly off. I feared not five times their number of such soldiers as Mr. Phillips described, mine being within walls and they in the open. It seemed a very pity that he should trouble himself and his servants to come to mine and, that had already a good sufficiency of brave defenders. It might be 9 of the clock when Margery came to tell me that there was a boy at the door desiring speech of me. " Like his impudence, too !" she remarked, half to herself. " A slip of a boy like that to come asking speech with the like of yourself at such an hour of the morning !" "Do you know who he is ?" I asked her, or what is like to be his errand" " I never cast eyes on him in my life before that I know of," said she. " And as to his business, 'is for your own ear only, if you please. So he told me when I would have brought it to you in a more fitting manner than by the mouth of a little dirty scalped like himself." Margery tossed up her head, and I thought I divined the cause of her dis- pleasure with the messenger. She was mistaken in saying that it was the first time she had ever Cast eyes on him, for all that for it was the same boy, Gorman O'Cahan, that we had fed and rested in Roland's nursery a month before. I knew him the moment I saw him. He was scarce so mean as he had been, and not near so wan and sickly to look at but the droll, good-humoured smile was not to be forgotten or mistaken. I called him by his name at once. "What do you want of nee, Gorman O'Cahan?" said I. At which he broke into that great smile of his. Ceres, the largeness of his mouth makes up for the littleness of his nose and eyes, which yet have something in them that is friendly and faithful. " Would your ladyship take me to some place where there's none can hear us speak ?" said he. " It's yourself alone that must hear my erratic." Margery, at my back, muttered something about a beating ; but there was that in the lad's face that spoke of urgency. I took him for a true man, in spite of my the woman's displeasure and so brought him within doors and into the dining-room, shutting the door lest anyone should hearken to that which did not concern him. No sooner were we alone than my little Irishman's face went as solemn as the face of a bishop ; down he dropped on his knees at my feet. " Oh, me lady !" said he, in a tone to wring the heart, " do we wish to save your life ? Do ye wish to save the life of the little gentleman ? Do ye care anything for the big wonder that didn't want to let me inside the door of the house ?" " What do you mean?" I asked him, angry with myself because my heart quivered in my breast, and my voice faltered in my throat. Mr. Phillips's two letters had no wise fluttered me ; 'was strange that the first words of a child should have power to move me so greatly. " Me lady," said he " I'm forbidden to make a thing, an' sure 'this little enough I've been told. But I know there's mischief on foot. There's sheens, for I've seen them. An' my mother gave me leave to come here and tell you that, but not a word more ; only that if you value your life, you're to beware how you let a man of the Irishry inside your doors, neither in the daytime nor in the night, but specially not at night." From a grown person this speech would have moved me to laughter ; from a child, in all reason, it should have seemed more trifling still ; but, by some unknown power of persuasion, the lad's manifest belief in the shadowy fear he told of so vaguely took hold of me in mine own despite. Seeing me something Dazed, he rose from his knees and came close to me. " 'Tis Sunday-Sunday-that's to be the day," said he almost in a whisper. " The day for what ?" I asked him sharply. "Oh, lady dear, 'as yourself that knows as much as me !" said he, with his earnest face. " Tisn't to the like of meself they'd tell much ; but, musha, haven't I got eyes in my head ? an' can't I keep my ears open ? They've dropped a word now an' then that I've picked up, an' that's all, except what my mother told me to tell you that there's nils chief intended ; sure, haven't I done it?" I sat me down upon a chair. " Where is your mother ?" I asked of him. " At home, sure ; where would she be in answered he, opening his eyes. " And your father-is he with her ?" " Muslin, no !" said he, breaking into his ready gain, "or it's little you'd a' seen of meself this morning. It's with the soldiers my father is nowadays, an' it's in Derry itself they made to be this night, sure enough." " And have you told me all your message ?" I asked him again. " Every word, lady dear-ivory word," said he earnestly. " Not a word do I know but what I've told you. There's mischief in the wind, an' it's Sunday that's the day ; and' you'll be doing' wrong as you open your doors to any man of the Irish, as he came to you will give such a distressful story. That's all." And looking into the lad's earnest face I saw that it was truly all. All he knew or suspected was either said or glanced at in these words. He saw in my face that I believed him, and once more that grin of his broke over his own like one that hath prospered in a task where- to he hath set his will and his heart. " It's meself that's have to be going now," said he. " No," said I ; " you shall go into the kitchen first and have something to eat." " 'Tis like yourself to ax me !" said the boy ; " but I couldn't do it. It's too long I'm here already. Musha ! I might be seen about the place, an' thou-" "And then," said I. "Well, what then ? What if you were seen about Cloneally ?" " Maybe it's a taste of a keen I'd get myself, for a handset," said he. He smiled as he said it. Care for himself was like water on a duck's back, as they say, now that he had cleared his mind of his warning to us. " But wait a moment," I said. " I wish to give you something for a reward for coming so far to bring me this ! message." " Never name it, lady dear !" said the boy anxiously. " Sure, there's not the thing I'd have taken to let it alone." And with that was out of the room, and would have been out of the door as quickly save that it was locked and chained. Cargill came to my call and opened it. He looked curious and a little stern to boot, and held it in his hand for a moment, as though to give me time for some explanation. But I spoke not a word to him at that time. I went to the threshold and looked after my little Irish friend ; sure, he merited the title that would put himself both to labour and risk for no fee nor reward!, save that of doing me some service. But it was as if the pixies had carried off the lad from my very door sill. Scarce a moment had passed since the door was opened, and already there was no more sign of him than of a figure rubbed off a slate. I stood and peered before me, and to left and right, into the shining frosty mist ; but the little lad was gone as suddenly as any ghost. (To be continued on Saturday.) 