1 1 "9B SJ5=ar=; HAUNTED HOUSES. Stage Stories From- England. An. Indian Officer's Experience. Strange Noises— Tho Tall Lady With Dark Eyebrows. A correspondent of London standard re lates a strange story of his sufferings from the visitation of "ghosts." An officer, home from India on furlough; he had taken a five years lease of a somewhat neglected mansion, to which he gives the name of Silverton Abbey. For this he covenanted to pay A200 per annum. Now nobody will givo liim A50 a year for it. The reason for this he giyes in- the follow ing narrative : — ' The first thing that we noticed was that servants fought shy of us. No sooner was Silverton Abbey mentioned than tho ser vant broke off negotiations. In sonic way we struggled on short-handed. Still no one said anything about ghostB. Summer turned into autumn, when ono evening a violent rattling at ono of tho windows sent off the parlourmaid, a girl froin tho. village, into hysterics, ; I ran- outsidarbtrfl- -found no one. After being comforted by a glass of port, tho girl sobbed out that it was woll known that Mr - walked. She told a long story, which was afterwards corroborated, of past event3 connected with Silverton Abbey. It was hot a pleasant story, and as it affects persons still living I will give ho details. As soon a3 wo hogan to ask poople about what tho girl had said, mouths hitherto shut wero oponed. Silverton Abbey had always been known in tlio nearest town and all.round about as tho liauuted house. I may say that I am not physically nervous. I have been under fire ropeatedly, have been badly wounded in action, and- have been complinientod on my cool ness when bullets wore flying about. I was not, then, afraid of ghosts, as far as I knew. Besides, I suspected trickery. I had been often in places where my revolver had to bo ready to my hand. A light was kept burning in tho upper and lower corridor all night. A lamp ahd loaded revolver wero by my bedside ovory night. No ono, could have entered tho house' with out boing detected and probably shot. As winter drew on, and tho nights began to lengthen, strange noises began to bo hoard. Night after' night liavo I gone over tho house with a lamp in ono hand and a loaded revolver in tlio other, but never did, I find anyone about. Furniture, lind never been disturbod, though I could liavo sworn it was being moved. No living boing had been in tlio plaeos from which footsteps had been heard. Tho govornoss used to complain of a tall lady, with black, heavy eyebrows, who used to come as if to strangle her as'sho lay in bed. .She. also described some footstops which had passed along tho corridor past lier ' door, of someone, apparently, by his or her actions, intoxicated. But, in fact, no ono had loft tlicir rooms and no one had been intoxicated. A Ger man parlourmaid and . housemaid had bceu "induced, on receipt of voi-y high wnges, to como to Silverton Abbey. They woro old friends and occupied tho samo room. Thoy and tho English sorvants did not agree. Thoy never went into the village and never cared to gossip. Wo never told thorn of any ghosts. . Ono night the housemaid, ac cording to lier account, was. terrified by a tall lady with heavy dark eyebrows who entered the room and bent over her bed. After this tho housemaid took up hot water to tlio bedrooms and dressing-rooms, in tho evenings by tho front stairs. The otbor sorvants wont up the back stairsat'ter dark in pairs. Ono night we had driven into tho town to a concert. It was nearly midnight when wo returned. Our old Scotch liousokeoper, who admitted us, a woman of iron nerves, was trembling with terror. Shortly boforo our arrival a horrible shriek had rung through tho house. To all our quos'tions she only replied, " It was nothing earthly." Tho nurse, who was awako with a child with whooping-cough,' heard tlio cry and says it was simply hor rible. It was, bIio says, in tho lower cor- ridorj Now, there wa3 no ono in tlio lower corridor. Ono night, lying awako, I distinctly saw tlio hnndlo of my bedroom door turned and tho door pushed opon. I seized my revolver and ran to tho door. Tho lamp jn tho long corridor was burning brightly; no ono was there, and no one could have got away. Wo had become much attached to tho neighbourhood. Wo to spend our winters on the continent and the summer at Silverton Abbey. Wo had ohildren to educate. Our idea turned out to ho an impossible one. Wo decided to lot tho houso. I put tho matter in tho. hands of local agents, but failed to let it furnished. Isold off tho furniture and tried to let it unfurnished. I. failed again. I tried a London agent, who, nfter sending a man down, frankly told mo the house was said to bo haunted. I instructed liim and tho local- agents to . tako oven fifty pounds or Bixty pounds .for the house. Even then they failed. Now I have receivod an offer of AlOO for tho two and a quarter years re maining of my lease. A100 to be paid for .two and a quartor years' occupation of a houso with 16 bedrooms, largo reception- rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, and 14 acres of pastime, whioh pasture lots for about A22 a ysnr ! Taking away tho pas ture the lionso and garden appear, there fore, to ho worth no more than A18 a year. It seems that Clandon, one of the seats of Lord Onslow, has for somo time been haunted. At least tlio inmates bolieved so, and . investigations have been car ried- on with tho view of "laying" tho apparition. Lord Onslow has only recently entered into posses sion of the houso himself, and in answer to a letter from Lord Bute, on behalf of tho society of which ho iB vice-president, ask ing whether tlio investigations might bo continued, writes : — " While acknowledging tho courtesy of tho offer, I would point out that with the departure of tho tenants and tlioir servants all oppor tunity of unmasking imposture by cross- examination of tho occupants of tho houso lias ceased ; and, moreover, I am determined not to allow any re petition of such ndnsonso. I may add that the adult mombors of my family sloop with loaded: revolvers by tlioir bedsides, with which they will not hpsitato to shoot at any 'ghost' wlio seeks to play tricks on tho members of my household." 