ROWING. THE STANBUitY-ILlRDIXG SCULLING It ACE. DETAILS OF THE CONTEST. The Australian Astonishes the On lookers. Harding ' Never Had a 'Ghost of a Show.' (1Y WIHE— FROM OUIl OWS COUUESPONDENT.) Mslbodkve, Tuesday Night. Tiie.sporiing piiporn Dy to-auy'H mailpvo full details'of tho race botweon Stanbury and Harding on July 13. The Spoktsman aaya : ' Many another athlete would have broken down under the grout strain aud tremendously hnnl work which tho ' Australian had -''gone through. He wus not iu fit condition when ho met Harding, yet ho roivixl witb einiit. htrength, and it was perfectly clear bofor« the two had boeu rowing ono minute that Harding was beaten. The Englishman rnived up to his past form, but what uonet calculations was that Stanhury was ovor so much faster than English peopio gave him orodit for. ' IC, as his friends averred boforo the raco, Staubury won not within leiif-th.'i of his form, ' then' (says UioSroKTSHAN), ? iu tho zenith of his fame hu must havo been a marvel.' Stau bury knocked 13»eoofF tho rooord which Harry established from Putney toHnoimersmtth. As a matter of ftiot, Harding never once looked daugeroun, and had Stanbury been pushed hu could, ou thefast flood, havo easily established a record for the whole distance. Stanbury was tho nominal favorite, hut for money Harding was 'really in better demand. Harding wan the toBU, uud chose the Surrey sido of tho river. ' It was a splendid start. Stanbury pullM IS iu thu oponing half-minute to Hardm^'s 17. Every timo Stanbury dipped his souIIb ho drow away from bis opponent at a rato that could hardly bo oreditod except by those who saw it. ' At his twonty-Booond stroko Stanbnry had accomplished tho extraordinary feat of put ting daylight botwnon the boats. Ifardim; Huceeoded in ; overlapping Stunbury again boforo Alexanders' wim roaohoii, buV Stanbury, iu a few strokes, drew away again. At tlio Thames ltowing Club sheds Stanbnry crossed over to the Surrey Hide, and gave Inu opponent Iho benefit of his w»sh. Hardinff rowed a plucky raco to tho finish, hut nuvor had a ghost of a chauco- Staubury won, eiiBing up, by six lengths. Tho winner's timo was 21min Slsoo, the hiaor'a 22inin 5sec. A largo number of Australians followed tho rnco iu tli-a 