Sports ami Spnsmii SOMEBODY wants an amateur circus to bo tried in ! Melbourne. It is quite a rage in America, which is nothing like so horsey a country as Australia. IN the Australian Cup, it is stated that Wallace would certainly have won, only, for being rolled on by Laura, just as he was making his run in the straight. So satisfied was Mr. J, Carr, an Adelaide book maker, with the performances of Monastry, whom he owns, that he gave 200 guineas for her yearling sister on Monday. LORD Brassey discarded the tricycle ih favbtir of the two-wheeled machine, because the former rolled so much on rough roads. He learned the new machine in three lessons. BROCKLEIGH, the famous Newcastle lottery horse is in a very bad way, and Mr. Parker is afraid that he will lose him. There is a tremendous swelling in one leg which defies treatment. No three year old has ever done such groat things as Wallace, with so little to show for it. He is probably the greatest horse seen in Australia since Carbine's time, and he has only won four races. THE League of Victorian Wheelmen made a pro fit of £207 on their last meeting. The league is growing. so fast that the committee is now consider ing the advisability of taking new offices and em ploying a permanent paid secretary. NEW South Wales by its splendid nine wicket victory over South Australia has become the pos sessor of the Sheffield Shield, for the first time since its inception. New South Wales is the only colony to win one of its home matches this season. RATIONAL dress for racing cyclists is to be insisted upon by the League of Wheelmen, so that in the near future a man may take his wife and daughters to a cycling race without being disgusted by exhibi tions of "form " which are a blemish on cycling. i TUG Harding, the English champion oarsman, who is matched to row Stansbury, the Australian cham pion of the world, met with a nasty accident lately through falling off his bicycle. He does not think that the accident will interfere with his training. PARSONS lowered the Australian mile record to lrnin. 58 3-5secs. on the Adelaide Oval, last week. The world's record for the distance, standing start, is lmin. 53 3-5secs. and was made by T. Gibbons Brooks, on the Catford track, one of the fiuoat in the world. THE purchase of Quiver by Mr. Fordham, the trainer, for the Maharajah of Patiala, will give His Highness a big chance in the next Viceroy's Cup, for which she is destined. Mr. Fordham was com missioned to secure a worthy successor to Highborn and he has done so. MB. Bowen, a well-known Melbourne sporting writer, familiar on all courses and fields, has just had a genial send off by his friends, to West Aus tralia. Beginning as a compositor, like Augur Chapman, his contributions have been relished, for a pleasant off-hand style. IT is proposed to spend JJ1000 in " banking " and improving the asphalt cycling track on the Adelaide Oval, which is now admitted to be the best in Aus tralia, and will, when finished, be one of the best in the world. Being nearly 600 yards in circumference, there are but three laps to the mile. LAST month the Prince pf Wales attended a cycle race meeting at the Olympia in London. That is the first cycle race meeting H.R.H. has ever attended. He was attended by the Ki*j<j of the Belgians, who sent for one of the Belgian racing men and congratulated him upon his performances. BEFORE the last intercolonial cricket match commenced Frank Iredale was married to a Miss Brade. Sid Gregory also entered the holy bends e i wedlock during the week, but he did not mako such a fine honeymoon score as Iredale, whose innings of 187 and 88 not out excel anything he has ever done. ALTHOUGH Mr. Oxenham declares that he never fancied that Cabin Boy had a 1000 to i chance in the St. Leger, the craftiness with whica the riders of Waterfall and Cabin Boy rode, showed that they had been well instructed by some one whose estimate of Cabin Boy's chance was immeasurably less than 1000 to 1. DEATH has just taken away Mr. Frank C. Corne lius, of Adelaide, one of the founders of the famous Onkaparinga Racing Club, of which lie was a steward. He was only 47 years of age, and still hunted, but not so successfully as in former years, when he was one of the beat amateur riders in South Australia. . .. IT is said that Premier Keid has been, advised to ride a bicycle to reduce his weight. But aa encket is the Minister's fevourite sport, how would he do for the "fourteenth" man. Mbs. Nicholls, of Eastlt. Kilda, heads the ladies' record for the longest day's journey on a bicycle. On the last day of a nine days' tour she rode from Warrnambool to East St. Kilda, a distance of 1/6 miles. DCRIKG Lord and Lady Brassey's tour through Tasmania, on wheels, Mrs. Freeman- Thomas, Lord Brassey's dsughtcr, mot with an acciusnfcf and a poor old woman in the vicinity lent prompt and kindly assistance, ior her tindness Lord^Brassey has settled an annuity on the woman, which will keep her out of th« workhouse. | Selim, who met with an accident at Flemington,! which caused his death, wa3 one of those horses who would have ruined a Bothschild. In private he made records that compelled his party to back him, and in public he ran like a cow. He was owned by Mr. H. Hawkins, the nom de course of Mr. H. H. Skinner, the well-known caterer. AFTEB the Australian Cup, Mr. Chirnside, the owner of Idolater, who had never anticipated his own horses's success, had backed Wallace, said to Mr. W. B. Wilson, " I am very sorry I beat you," and the owner of St. Albans was with him, but Alec. Taylor, the trainer of the winner, chipped in, " No, no! I'm very glad we won, for we won't get the chance again." Australasian cycling records :-Half-mile, 54 sees., J. W. Parsons; two miles, 4 min. ^ 15} sees., Frank Toms j 50 miles road, 2 hours 33 min., G. R>. Broadbent; 100 miles road, 5 hours 45 min., G. It. Broadbent. Broadbent is a married man with a family and is nearly forty years of age, but in spite of his years, thinks, with proper pacing, he could bring the 100 mile record down to 4 hours. LAST Newmarket Handicap was a better betting race than any preceding it for years. A number of horses were well backed, including Bung Bung, about whom Mr. Henry Skinner took .£11,000 to £250 from Jack Cohen. The caterer lost, but he made a fine recovery in the Sires' Produce Stakes, as he laid the odds on Coil from 6 to 4 to 3 to 1 until he stood to lose £3000, but the odds came home. Bbeweb, the crack Victorian steeplechase jockey, has, according to the Newcastle Herald, a style of finishing peculiarly his own. He likes to win with one run. He rarely punishes his horse, and in variably drops his hands when beaten. It is entirely owing to this little method of his that he has on more than one occasion been honoured by an invitation to interview the stewards. He rarely uses either whip or spur, preferring to sit still and win cleverly, and, as a rule, when beaten drops his hands, eases his horse, falls back amongst the beaten division, and-sometimes gets called over the eoals. -: THE Newcastle Herald reports that " a well-known sport said the other day that Joe Vendig need never Wpoor so long as Corbett has money." A man who overheard the remark asked why? 'Because he knows too much about the Florida Athletic Club, its members, and the conditions of the match between Corbett and Fitzsimmons,' said the sport, . and if Yendig so wishes he could dispose of his knowledge for a good round sum to any enterprising newspaper in the country. All Joe would have to do would be to get his story typewritten, show it to Corbett, and say, 'Jim, I have been offered a lot of money for this story.' Jim might swing his right on Joe; and, again, he might be sensible." The well known sport evidently does not know that this sort of business is called by the law ;* blackmailing," and is considered slightly irregular if it can be proved to the unanimous satisfaction of a judge and jury. It is, therefore, to be hoped that Joe Yendig will never listen to the voice of " the sport" who evidently has a nasty character and measures others by his own busheL It is very evident that " the Sport" would not scruple to do what he suggests Joe Vendig should or could do. -- THE annual fete under the auspices of the Druids will be held on Easter Monday, April 6, at the Exhibition building, under the patronage of His Excellency, Lord Brassey. The official programme just issued promises greater attractions for this year than any of its twenty-six predecessors could boast. All the usual races are again included, but this year, in accordance with the times, the piece de resistance will be the Druids' Great Wheel Race, the value of the stake of which is £200. In this race, anticipating a large number of entries, the committee has decided to divide £20 among those winners of heats who do not succeed in obtaining a place in the final. The fete will be open during the evening, when the finals of the bigger events will be run. The bicycle events will be under the L.Y.W. rules, and the amateur contests under those of the VA.AJL. The usual side shows will be again in evidence, athletics, music, and gymnastics being all provided for the amusement of its patrons, who are also given a chance in the art union which is again advertised, with a first prize of £1000 and smaller ones which bring the art union prize total up to £1500. With those given for the sports this brings the sum total of prizes to close on £2000 which is sure to prove a great draw. SPOBT languishes in Murrabib, a back country place not generally known, the year round, save on one day, when a race programme of nJn" e* provided. Six races satisfy the palate of uty turfites but, the sport being weaker in Murrabib, they can stand more of it, a great deal more of it, in fact, for when the last annual race meeting occurred a couple of weeks back there were 1 o races. ThatlTto say when six out of the usual nine flutters had been run it was discovered that all the starts had been made from wrong places, and the whole of the contests were run afresh. Racing finished m the dark and the bookies had shouted themselves hoarse crying the odds. THB following appeared in more than one English daily paper last month :-" There is at present o°u,o the rounds an account of an amusing episode which occurred during the recent visit of the Prince of Wales to Lowther for pheasant-shooting. Dunng the second day's sport a Penrith reporter, with a commendable thirst for copy, followed the Boyal party into the wood near Lowther Newtown, and was an interested spectator of the shooting. For a time everyone was so busy that he escaped notice. The party were preparing to return to the Castle when the reporter was 'spotted' by Lord Lonsdale, who speedily gathered from his attendants the vocation of the suspicious character. The information appeared to affect his lordship as a red rag does a bull and he at once 'went' for the poor reporter, undeterred by the presence of his Royal Highness. Towering over the reporter in a threatening attitude, the Earl angrily addressed him,«Who the are you ?' he asked. With as much dignity as he could assume at short notice, the newspaper man replied, * I am a reporter, my lord.' *A reporter, you. Don't you know that this is a private meeting, and that you have no business here ?' 'I was not aware, my lord, that I was trespassing,' was the civil answer. 'What paper do yon repoit for?' asked the great man. 'The , my lord.' Then get out of my sight, you , and never let me see your face again. Here,' and he called to one of his staff, 'see this fellow off the grounds.' And thus escorted, the representative of the was banished for ever from the presence of the great territorial magnate. The Prince of Wales was an amused spectator of the comedy, and seemed half inclined to interfere in behalf of the unfortunate reporter, but the interview being so abruptly termi nated, his gracious intention was unfulfilled." MR. Augustus J. Metzler, who is just now engaged fitting up the new Lager Bier apparatus at the "Victoria Brewery, East Melbourne, tells the following good story:-Up in North Wisconsin, in Michigan and Montana, he has hunted the grizzly bear, and in Illinois and Indiana has shot the quail and the prairie chicken. He tells a funny and almost incredible story of an adventure which he witnessed during a hunting expedition in the Northern States. A party of five, including himself, was formed for this expedition. One of the five, however, stayed behind at the last moment, and a Chicago police captain, famed for his personal courage, and greatly reipected in the city, joined the party. The ambition of the gallant captain was to shoot the first deer! He had never hunted before, and got all his inform ation about the sport from his companions on the way to the ground. Arrived at their destination, the party proceeded to build their camp, but che captain, instead of lending a helping hand, went forth in his eagerness for sport and glory to watch th« deer ! One method of coming across the quarry is to seek its footprints in the snow, and find where it goes to water. The captain found the track of the deer! and laid low for the game. Presently a deer made its appearance, and the captain levelled his Winchester rifle and fired ! But this man, who was ordinarily cool and courageous in the presence of danger, completely lost his head on this occasion, at first through the novelty and excitement of the moment, and later on by a curious accession of super stition. Those who are acquainted with the manner of handling the Winchester for re-loading, well know how the hand is rapidly passed up the barrel after each discharge. The captain let fly at the deer, but the animal only turned and approached him. He fired again-the animal came on ! Again, and again the captain fired, but the deer continued to advance unhurt and undismayed ! The sportsman exhausted his eighteen cartridges, and then fled to the camp, declaring that he had been peppering a ghost in the form of a deer! One coolSded °mal among the captain s companions suggested that the whole should proceed to the spot where the apparition had appeared. They went, and on exam be. eighteen cartridges, none of i^ducharged < The police captain so utterly lost SSAiMXfi"that thetf & «2325S THE Victorian Sketching Club's c StT* Bridge, Hawthorn? on well attended, and was a most enjoyaWe event Th« following -were presentMesdam^ ^ lhf Meldrum; His4 B. Cxroeninf Tarv'r ^ anTd Hawkins, Wiison, E. B. Weir, C. L Weir K* clair, M. Bobertson: Messrs G u , Robertson, W. Mcintosh P TaWor f r i f'nV' ® and Herbert Woodho^thono^ 'see-K club will visit Studlev Part nn fho ^ecr®tarJ- The Saturdays. ^ark on the two forthcoming 