I Bt the Vagrant/] At the Newcastle meeting on Saturday *' Dnck' Walker had four mounts, winning three events and being second on the fourth occasion. The proprietors of Hobartville Stud have made nrranffpmpnts bv which Autonomy will stand tho next season thero, which will be hia second at that famous nursery. The five miles cross-country team championship, run at Kensington on Saturday, was won by the Darlinghurst Harriers, and the individual cham pionship by F. G.Thomas, of St. George's Harriers. James Megginson, who was convicted of perjury in connection with the false nomination of a pony named Argent at the February meeting of the Miners' Turf Club, Victoria, has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The days of light handicaps are at an end, as Mr. Goodehap's motion, by wbich the top weight in any handicap is not to be less than 9st. 51b. was carried yesterday at the A.J.C. annual meeting. This should have been done years ago. Sporting men will be sorry to learn that Mr. W. H. Chamberlain, the compiler of that useful turf guide, Form at a Glance, died on Monday. Mr. Chamberlain'B decease wa3 caused by an affection of the lungs, from which he had only suffered for two or three days. The most successful trotting horse in New Zea land last season wa3 Rita, who when here sported the colours of Mr. F. Palfrey, her winnings amount ing to .£313 10s. Oposum, £235 12s was next ; and Ascot, £132 Is, third. Rita is known in New Zea land aB ' the trotting queen.' A cablegram has been dispatched by the New South Wales Cricket Association to Frank Iredale, asking the colony's representatives in the Aus tralian team to return by the end of November, as New South Wales plays South Australia on December 17. There will be trouble if they do not assent. Walter Hickenbotham will leave Melbourne for Sydney early, next week in connection with the approaching A.J.C. meeting. He will probably take Newhaven, Destiny, and Interlude over. AmongRt other Victorian horse3 likely to go over are Nada, Trentham, Summerlea, St. David, Black Flag, Morago, and Confusion. The smart three-year-old gelding North British, by Gozo from Florrie, is to be given a twelve months' spell. The ailment from which he haB been suffering for the last Bix months, whether it is is nasal disease or something else, has shown itself in such violent! form that his owner has been compelled to throw the youngster out. The English mail to hand yesterday brings news that, playing for the M.C.C. and ground against the Staff College last month, A. E. Trott took nine of the latter's wicket3 for 61 runs in 32 overs, 14 of which were maidens. The match was 12 aside, one batsman was run out, and Trott caught the other one off George Hearne'a bowling. The V.A.T.C. committee had a long discussion on Monday upon the merits of the ' false ' rail which waB used experimentally at Caulfield at the entrance into the straight, and ultimately decided to abolish the rail nnd revert to the old plan. The committee was largely influenced by the opinion expressed by a number of jockeys that the rail wbb a hindrance rather than an advantage. Mr. William Miller, the well- known metropolitan trainer, should confine his operations to Canter- J bury Park. He trained Wyalong for the Cup ; wbich he won there on Saturday last, and received | a liberal cut out of the consultation on that | event, whilst he also wbb victorious with Mess mate on the previous occasion when there was a sweep in connection with a race on that course. At Newcastle on Saturday evening the supporters of Chris Neiloen and George Towns made good the third and final deposit of .£100 a-side for their sculling match at Raymond Terrace on the 29 th instant. A considerable sum of money waa wagered, the first bet being a level £50. Later on, J. Ford and J. McGuinness signed articles to row a light skiff race for £50 a-side at the Terrace in about six weeks time. The Turf Club Handicap, run for at the Q.T.C. Winter meeting on Saturday, resulted in a win for Czarina, who easily beat Young Buckthorpe and Freedom, but the race was a somewhat sensational one, as Czarina swerved across Newbold in the straight and brought him down, several horses passing over him, but Safeguard, untrue to his name, was the only one to fall. His jockey (H. White) died afterwards. Mr. J. Cecil Bowman, of Strowan, Jerry's PlainB, who acted as sponsor for the racehorse with the queer appellation now carrying Mr. Pat M'Carthy's colours, states that the proper spelling of the animal's name is Croajingolong, he being called after one of the counties in Gippsland, Victoria. Mr. Bowman also states that Tramp wbb bred by the lato Mr. Alexander Bowman, of Oaklands, and that his dam Alexa was by Sunlight. The name of Wallace does not appear in the list of entries for the forthcoming meeting of the A.J.C., and as he has been withdrawn from the Metropolitan it is probable that the brilliantly performed son of Carbine will not be called upon to carry silk until he strips at the ''I .R.C. Spring meeting. Newhaven has found his way into tho weight-for-age races, and in the absence of Wallace and Delaware should have a good time of it. At Rosehill this afternoon Old 'Clo, Admonition, and Lieutenant may finish as named for the Flying Handicap. Tho Hurdle Race should go to Deposed, although C.P. is a likely looking novice. On paper nothing looks better for the August Handicap than Erehwon, Fadladeen, and The Trier. Ballyhooley will probably account for tho Steeplechase, and I like Ganmain and Kelso for the Welter Mile. Valence will, I suppose, emphasize her form by securing tho Juvenile Stakes. A fire occurred at Daandine (Q.) a few days ago, by which the blood mares Miss Newbold (dam of Battery), by Newbold— Lady Newbold, and Cor inda, by Goldsbrough— Cbina Rose, were destroyed. Both were in foal to Battalious. Tho horaes housed in tha stablea close to where tbe fire ori ginated, included tho sires Bettailous and Saturn, . the yearling brothers to Caezar and Battery, the yearling sisters to War Queen, and War King, and two other yearlings by Battailous, but they wero saved. It is very probable that the racehorse Australian has carried silk for the last time, as his owner (Mr. Clift) expresses tho opinion that the handicappers have altogether too exalted an opinion of tho bay's galloping abilities, and he will be turned out at Breeza. Thero can be no doubt but that the horso haa been greatly overrated. Mr. Clift is so disgus ted that ho has alao decided to give racing best, and ho has countermanded an order for the train ing of another animal, which is a pity, as tho turf badly requires patrons of Mr. Cliffs stamp. The general entry for the A.J.C. Spring meeting closed on Monday, and tho results show a decrease of 42 on last year's total, the numbers being 618 as against 690. Tho local contingent includes the best horses in training aB well as a number of mediocre animals, and tho jumping division is poorly repre sented. The nominations received from Melbourne number 38, and include Newhaven, Irentham, Interlude, Nada, Wild Olive, St. David, and Des tiny; while tho southern jumping division com prises Morago, Black Flag, Summerlea, Fiddler and Confusion. The Adelaide Racing Club's Grand National Hurdle meeting took place on Saturday, when the different events resulted as follow : — Welter : - Iluree, 1 ; Nackara, 2 ; Staff a, 3. Grand National Hurdles : Conventioner, 1 ; Floodbird, 2 ; Black Flag, 8. Fulham Park Plate : Security, 1 ; Respond, 2 ; Lord Salisbury, 3. Lightning Handi cap: Staffs, 1; My Novel, 2; Hear, Hear 3. Selling Steeplechase : Young Lucifer, 1 ; Sir George, 2 ; Woodfall, 3. Buxton Handicap : Port Admiral, 1 ; Kirkby, 2 ; Foliage, 3. This was Port Admiral's last race, and he will now be sent to tho stud. Backers of Marusa for tbe Caulfield and Mel bourne Cups need not be disappointed by his defeat by Excel in the Club Handicap at Caulfield on Saturday, for the sou of Malua was conceding the winner, who is regarded as a very useful horse, 131b., and was only defeated by half a head. Still ho has to allow the son of Albury 241b. in the Caulfield event. The Caul field Grand National victor, Larrikin, did not wait long to prove that that performance was no fluke, for he carried 12st. 81b. on Saturday and won the Steeplechase easily from the Sydney jumper Ballyhooley, 10st., and Larnook, 12at. 5lb. The second programme of the Kiandra Snowshoo Race Club for the year 189G was carried out on Saturday. Mr. Roberts, accompanied by Mrs. Roberts, the pioneer Sydney party to visit Kiandra and to attend the snowshoe races, was present. The visitors weie met at Connek's Hill, seven miles from town, by Messrs. Scott, Creer, and Weselman, members of the club'a committee, and Mr. George Irwin, bon. secretary, and were escorted on shoes into tbe town. Mr. and Mrs. Roberss were exceed ingly pleased at tho novelty of travelling on shoes, and more than once expressed delight at the viows to he seen. The wenther was perfoct for racing. The thermometer for days was at a maximum of 40- and a minimum of 1* below zero. The races were a distinct success. Mi. J. You won the all comers' race, and Mr. Q.Irwin the first amateur race. The committee of the New South Wales League of Wheelmen at its last meeting refused a request of the Newcastle branch for a grant of £20 to assist in the formation of a track on the city football ground, and I am altogether satisfied that the League wa3 quite justified in it3 negative reply, for if a favourable answer had been given there would be no end to similar applications from branches affiliated to the main body. At the same time there appears about some actions of the League that desire for centralisation which marks many metro politan sporting institutions. The Maitland branch not only formed a splendid track on the Albion Ground ' on its own' — with the generous and temporary aid of a member — but it now also boasts of a comfortable and well fitted club room, which it has secured by energy and combination, and the Newcastle cyclists Bhould surely be able to go and do likewise. The Tamworth District Public Schools Athletic Association will hold its annual sports meeting on the Oval there on September 9, when a programme consisting of no fewer than twenty-five events will be got through. The bill is confined, with the exception of one handicap — in which ex-pupils may take part — to scholars only, and it is of » most varied character, so that the lucky boys and girls and their sisters and their cousins and their aunts, and other relatives who abide on the banks of the Peel, may confidently look forwaid to pa33ing a pleasant time when the eventful day comes round. Mr. F. Halbert is hon. Becretary to the Association. | By the way, how is that a similar Association cannot | be firmly established and successfully conducted in 1 this district? I am certain there would be few obstacles in the way of forming such a valuable institution if the teachers in the Maitlands, Mor peth, and elsewhere, showed interest in the move ment. Larrikin hit one fence very heavily during the race for the Steeplechase which he won at Caul field on Saturday, but otherwise his jumping wbb of a very fine character. Ho took one or two magnificent leaps, and it wbb probably his fencing which enabled lnm to beat Ballyhooley, who came with a good dash towards the finish of the race. Mr. Glaaseock has got the grandson of Panic in great nick, and ho wbb wise in starting him on Saturday, instead of waiting for something better. Most trainers know to their cost what a difficult j matter it is to keep a horse at his best for any , length of time. When tie struck Larrikin cut himself in the region of the stifle. Nothing was thought of it at tho time, but on Sunday the horse was evidently in great pain, and the services of Mr. Allen had to be called in. Larrikin may not be able to race again for some time. Ho will be missed, as there is an undoubted dearth of good steeplechasers at the present time. Country horseowners and trainers have long found cause for complaint in the excessive charges levied upon them for the carriage of their animals upon the Northern line in comparison to other places, and also in other raspects, such as the dura tion of their tickets, they claim they are treated unfairly. At Newcastle, on Saturday, Mr. Joseph Brown took round, and had largely signed by those interested, a petition directing the attention of the Railway Commissioners to the high rates charged upon the line from stations Singleton to Newcastle, inclusive, and pointing out that the charge per horse to Sydney by rail was £3, whilst the animal can be conveyed by steamer for 15s. Reductions had been made in the rates on other freight by rail, but not for racehorses, whilst it was also Bhown that tho prize-money offered at country meetings wbb not so large as formerly, although the expenses were fully as great. This was not encouraging to sportsmen, who are liberal patrons of the railway. It is to be hoped that Mr. Eddy and his fellow Commis sioners will see their way clear to meet the desires of racing men, who are interested in the subject so far as the railway runs into the north and north west interior. Frou Frou, who was one of the best and most prolific marea that ever came to Australia, died a few days ago at Mr. J. V. Smith's stud at Linwood grange. Bred in England in 1870, by Macaroni (winner of the Derby) from Glengowrie, by Touch stone from Glencairne, by Sultan, Frou Frou came to Victoria as a two-year-old, and was gold at the dispersal of Mr. John Moffatfc's stud to Mr. A. K. Finlae, of Glenormiston, who sold her to Mr. J. V. Smith in March, 1886, for 465 guineas. FrouFrou's first foal (1875) was Wellington (by Panic), sire of Pingara, Dutigan, Waterloo, Dondi, &c.;, and her next was Wallesley, a good show horse, and the Bire of the steeplechaser Claret. In the following seasons Frou Frou produced Fie Fie (1877), Tbe Duke (1878) (sire of Erl King), Grand Duchess (1879), Napier (1880). Hatasou (1881). dam of Leviathan; Fraulein (1882)— all to King Cole ; and Dividend (1883), to Bolton Green. In 1884 and 1885 she missed, but in 1886 she produced Rustle to The Hook, in 1887 Switch to Progress, in 1888 Hartington (a good two-year-old) to Guesswork, in 1889 Balm, in 1890 Skimmer, in 1891 Meeki, and in 1892 Kallarti— all to Dunlop. In 1893 she pro-, duced Flash to Enfilade, and in 1894 Spitfire to tbe same sire. At the time of her death Frou Frou was in foal to Malua. The recent spread-eagle victories of the American horses in England have drawn attention to the American stylo of training and riding, which it ia maintained by an observer havo a lot to do with their successes. ' There is no use blinking the fact,' says an English critic, 'and the sooner our trainers and jockeys recognise it the better it will be for them. Most of our races nowadays are simply races for speed for about a hundred yards at the finish, tho idea of most of the leading jockeys being to wait behind and come with ono run at the end, and I certainly saw two case3 thrown away by a jockey recently by these tactics. Then our horses are not trained to leave the mark bb the Americans aro ; in fact, they are trained juatas the races are run, and it was pitiable to seo them flounder about when an American horse was in the race to lead them a merry dance, as it did on every occasion. Tho Yankees train their horses tc get between two given points (start and finish) in the shortest time, and as long as they aro running with us we must do the same. No waiting will suit while they are about, and as the lesson will have to be learned, the Rooner tho better. Our horses aro hardly in ferior to theirs, and certainly our jockeya are not. It is the stylo of training and riding that must bo looked to, and if they are not altered our Trans atlantic visitors look like having the best of the argument.' I Some excellent finishes -vere witnessed at Canter- 1 bury Park on Saturday, when Mr. Quinton was . congratulated on his close handicapping. White- i foot was favourite for the Brush Hurdle Race, but Michigan, who is an aged brother to the Caulfield , Cup winner Chicago, being by The Drummer out of Corisande, beat Hotspur and Gold stain after a keen struggle. This was the second event of any kind won by Michigan, despite Bcores of attempts. Eleven of the eighteen nominated for the Flying Handicap were withdrawn, and after Admonition was made favourite she had to strike her colours to Beadsman, who is one of the successful Gozo tribe. A couple of weeks back when referring to a statement that the owner oE Ganmain was dissatisfied with the weights allotted to the Bon of Sunrise and intended sending him to Victoria, I remarkod that I would not bo surprised if the horse won Boon. He did on Saturday, when he started favourite with H. D. tor the Park Stakes, and landed the prize comfortably from Zillah and Discord. Tho fact of there being a consultation on the Canterbury Cup induced a big field to strip and many whilom waiters to do their best. Valiant waa the popular pick, whilst a number of the others wbb heavily backed, but 12 to 1 could have been obtained about Wyalong, who won a splendid race by half a length from Valiant; and Kelso, who dead-heated, Fad ladeen being fourth. Tho winner is by Trident from Helena, and is a very useful horse. Surplus, who won the Selling Race, waa afterwards sold for £55, the purchaser being Mr. P. Carter, whilst Pharamond, after a long spell of ill luck, waa hotly backed, and beat Fadladeen and Annadour after a fair race in the Welter Handicap. The committee of the Northern Jockey Club has my hearty congratulations on the success which attended the race meeting last week, and tha pleasure which I feel at tho agreeable outcome of its efforts canrot in my case be put down as ' the after game,' for it may be re membered that all along I waB positive in my pre dictions that with fine weather the reunion would meet with the patronage ib deserved. True it is that the weather which reigned — for rain it did — can ooly be described as half fine, but never ; theles3 so many people had the interests of the ; Club at heart that they gallantly came to the rescue in its extremity, and transformed what some people feared would bo a fiasco into a triumphant fixture. Gathering all the channels of income into ] one head the Club 13 now about £150 better off than nrevioas to the meeting , and thus showing a state of affairs of which any provincial club in New South Wales could well be proud of. The members of committee worked earnestly to this end, but the greater portion of the success of the gathering was certainly duo to the untiring energy, the geniality, and the foreBight of the hon. secretary, Mr. W. C. Hatkwell, who thoroughly deserves all the kudo3 bestowed on him. As hon. handicapper Mr. Charles Mitchell performed his labours in a style that could not be excelled, and when the proper time comes I hope the club 'will not fail to recognise in a substantial manner tho services of its two earnest and bright honorary officials. At a meeting of the committee ou Tuesday evening a statement of the financial results of the recent meeting was preaented. It showed that the expenditure had been £293 13s 9d, and the receipts £314 6s 9d, there being thus a profit of £20 13s. There is a credit balance at the bank in favour of the Club to the extent of £312 2s lid. The committee, which had been appointed to inspect the books, vouchers, etc., reported that it was satisfied with the result of its researches. The English sporting papers by last mail give full details of the race between Stanbury and Harding on July 13. One of them says : ' Many another athlete would have broken down under the great strain and tremendously hard work which the Australian had gone through. He was not in I fit condition when he met Harding, yet he rowed with giant strength, and it was perfectly clear before the two had been rowing one minute that Harding was beaten. The Englishman rowed up to his past form, but what upset calculatiens was that Stanbury was ever so much faster than Eng lish people gave him credit for. If, as his friendB averred before the race, Stanbury was not within lengths of his form, then in the zenith of his fame he must have been a marvel. Stanbury knocked 13seo. off the record which Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith. As a matter of fact, Harding never ones looked dangerous, and had Stanbury been pushed he could, on the fast flood, have easily established a record for the whole distance. Stanbury was the nominal favourite, but for money Harding was really in better demand. Harding won the toss, and chose the Surrey Bide of the river. It was a splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 in the opening half-minute to Harding's 17. Every time Stan bury dipped his sculls he drew away from hiB opponent at a rate that coald hardly be credited except by those who saw it. At the twenty-second stroke Stanbury had accomplished the extraordi nary feat of putting daylight between the boats. Harding succeeded in overlapping Stanbury again before Alexander's was reached, but Stanbury in a few strokes drew away again. At the Thames Rowing Club shed Stanbury crossed over to the Surrey side, and gave his opponent the benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky race to the finish, but never had a ghost of a chance. Stan bury won, easing up, by six lengths. The winner's time was 21min. 51secs., the loser's 22min. 5secs. A large number of Australians followed the race in the steamer.' Sportsmen are just now bothered with a super fluity of riches in tho Bhape of handicaps for approaching races, for in addition to the ordinary weekly meetings there aro the reunions at Hawkesbury, Randwick, Caulfield, and Fleming ton all demanding attention, and the long list is sufficient to cause most people to wonder where the money is to come from to enable the great army of turfites to speculate on them all ; but I suppose as the devil is generally credited with a desire to generously look after bis own the question may confidently left for time to bring about a solution. The weights for tbe Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, a mile and three furlongs, which this season will be run on the 5tli proximo, have been published by Mr. W. C. Quinton ; but, as the glories of the Clarendon meetings have well nigh departed, the event will not create half the stir it was wont to do in the good old days, when the majority of the horses handled were a decided cut above the candidates for the approaching Handicap. The ancient Hawkesbury Club has received but scant justice from the A.J.C., and its course, which for merly presented a busy aspect every morn .ing when it rtas the haunt of many trainers, now seldom resounds under the hoof strokes of gallopers, but that ia another matter altogether. Mr. Quinton very properly placed Waterfall at the head of the list with 9st 5lb, which at first blUBh may sound like a steadier, but to a horse that has some pretensions of being in the same class bb Wallace, and who won a Caulfield Cup with 7st 31b and Wagga Cup with 9st 121b in the saddle it can scarcely bo considered too much, and with a run he should lse very hard to beat. Newman is a sour, uncertain sort of fellow, and I like The Skipper better. The pick of tbe work may be Response, Right Honourable, Erehwon, Robin Hood, Fadladeen, and Mayo's best. Mr. Mayo generally makes a bold bid for the Grand Handicap and whatever he depends on — Tho Meddler or iEolus — should not be overlooked. In addition to the sireB whose progeny havo won £200 and over during the past racing season, arid whose names havo already been published, the following well-known stallions, which have done Bervioe in tbo Northern district, distinguished them/ selves: Gozo, by Wild Oats— Maltese Cross, eleven winners of £3033 ; Lochiel, by Prince Charlie — Nellie Moore, twelve winners of £2588; The Aus tralian Peer, hy Darabin — Stockdove, four winners of £1960; Goldsbrough, by FireworkB — Sylvia, eight winners of £1476; Gibraltar, by Grandmaster — Algeria, three winners of £1130 ; Welcome Jack (dead), by Traducer — Miss Flat, three winners of £1039 ; Sweet' William by Yattendon — Lady Hooton, five winners of £973; Grandmaster, by Gladiateur — Celerima, nine winners of £793 ; Blue Mountain (dead), by Croagh Patrick — Mountain Maid, two winners of £640 ; Invader, by Grand master—Ida, four winners of £555 ; Navigator (dead), by Robinson Crusoe — Cocoanut, six winners of £410 ; Bulgoa, by Goldsbrough — Bloomer, one winner of £394 ; Butler, by King Tom — Housemaid, four winners of £350; Clan Stuart, by Prince Charlie — Annie, two winners of £348; Tha Drummer (dead), by Rataplan — My Niece, four winners of £335 j Beauchamp (dead), by Beauclerc — Equanimity, three winnera of £315 ; Albatross by Exminster — Sophietina, three winners of £286 ; Tbe Gem, by Kelpie— Ida, four winners of £285 ; Sardonyx, by Fireworks — Onyx, two winners of £235 ; Andover, by Yattendon— Verbena, threa winners of £210. It is a curions and a deplorable fact that the two most successful sires ih Australia last season — that is to say, Trenton and Carbine — ? are now in England, the land of their forefathers. Both horses are capable of years and years of ser vice, and with their excellent chances who knows that they may not yet hold a similarly high posi tion in English turf statistics ? Trenton owes his prominence principally to Auraria's victory in tho Melbourne Cup, which is the richest prize of tho year ; but, apart from that, his position is highly creditable. Wallace did good Bervice for Carbine by winning, among other races, the Victoria Derby and tho Sydney Cup, and dividing the Champion Stakes with Quiver. Malua also shows an upward tendency, and has begun tho new serson well with Malwa. Niagara, for a young sire, haa achieued no little distinction, and Aber corn, another young 6ire, is well up in the list. Splendor and the veteran Robinson Crusoe still hold their own as sires cf successful racehorses, but Grand Flaneur and Nordenfeldt show a dpcline» Wellington, chiefly through the jumping horses owned by the Messrs. Manifold, holds a good place, and Sunrise's stock has won^no fewer than 48 races, but judging by the sum to his credit the stikes must have been small. Neckeragat, Gang Forward, Thunderbolt, The Englishman, and Richmond hava kept up the credit of South Australia as a borse producing country, and Creswick for Tasmania, Ingomar for New Zealand, and Archia for Queens land have each won a noteworthy place. St. Albans and Kelpie have altogether disappeared from the list, but Malua remains to keep his name green. Coming as it did immediately after the miserable weather experienced at Rutherford on Friday, the rain which fell on Saturday was exceedingly dis agreeable to sportsmen who patronised the race meeting of the Newcastle Jockey Club, the com mittee of which was for BOme time very doubtful about going on with tho reunion, but as the showers had ceased when a meeting to decide was held between twelve and one o'clock it was thought beBt to get through the programme. However shortly before two o'clock the rain again descended heavily and this no doubt militated against tha attendance, which was only moderate, a sore disap nmntmont-, to tho committee which had honed to ?ealise a nice profit from the gates, etc. Although ihere was wet enough and to spare overhead the sourse is well-covered with grass where the sand is jot exposed, and a person could move about the saddling paddock just as cleanly as if ho were in a Irawing-room, a great and pleasant contrast to the jtate of affairs at Rutherford. The track waa in splendid condition, for rain only seems to harden the natural layers of sand of which it is composed, l'he starting was well effected by Grey's machines, md the officials headed by Mr. Robert Fleming, tha time-honoured secretary, did their work without a. hitch. Mr. Fleming was greatly assisted in his secretarial duties by Mr. Lewis Solomon, and Mr. C. H. Hannell's verdicts in the box were hailed with satisfaction. There were very few Sydney pencillers present, the majority of them preferring to remain for the Cnterbury Park meeting, but those who did business had no reason to regret their visit, as oaly one absolute first favourite was suc cessful. Semiramis was made favourite for tho first race, despite the fact that she had to carry a penalty which brought her weight up to 7st. 91b., and the daughter of Gibraltar and Security won by half a length from Chance, 7at. 111b., and W.W.C., 8st. 71b., although she shifted greatly about the track at the end. The other runners were Australian, 8st. 91b., Countess, 8~t. 41b., Ribbons, 7st. 71b., Prince of Wales, 7st., Dick, 6at. 71b., and the time waa lmin. l7}secs. Sam Fielder was very sweet on Parthenopajus for the Flying Welter, and Jack Gainsford was specially brought up from the metropolis to ride him, but tho big chestnut cut up a duffer, and could only finish third to the smart-looking Biacklock, whose win at Rutherford brought his weight up to 9st. lib., the neat little Mount Victoria being second. When ^ he came to the tan croaaing the biaok horse leaped it as if it were a hurdle. A very nice field stripped for the August Handicap, for which Stiletto was tho popular pick, it being known that it was the last occasion upon which he would carry silk on the course, he being destined for West Auntralia, whilst hi-i rider and trainer, Dick Donnelly, had the prize laid him to nothing. However, Candour was heavily supported, and at the post was favourite, iEolus and Steward also having sup porters. The backers of Stiletto were soon put out of their misery, as he started slowly, was kept ia the rear too long, and when asked to close up to his horses he failod to make any impression oa them, and finished second to last, tbe race easily going to Cromwell, who won from Steward and C.P. by a long way in 1 min. 41J sec. It had been long before since Mr. James Mayo had tasted the sweets of victory, and when Bushell, who rode Cromwell, was declared all right, the announce ment rras received with cheers and the veterrn was congratulated. Blaeklock's two victories demanded a rise of 101b. in his burden for tbe Park StakeB, and at tho difference in the weights it was thought that Luck, who here had a concession of 241b whilst he beat the son of Blackthorns at 21b for places in. the Flying Handicap at Rutherford, would defeat him, but the U ralla horse made light of the penalty and won handily from Stelene and Dick, the first named being a beautifully turned filly by Fusileer from Stella, dam of Splendora, Stiletto, etc , whilst Dick is alsoasonof the same sire. This was a remark able instance of altered form. Sport concluded with the Welter Handicap, 7 furlongs, in which the places went to iEolus lOat 31b, Semiramis 9st lib' and C.P. 9st 21b, the other runners being Caprice 83t 5lb, Tridentson 93t 51b, Chance 9st. Julius 8st 21b, Parthenopajus 8at 81b, Superior 8at. Even money wastakenabout the Singleton filly, who would probably have won had she not stuck her toes in at the tan crossing and thon changed her legs, but as things went the big son of Goldsbrough' who was not fancied by the stable, just beat her by a long neck in lmin. 31Jaecs. The winner was nicely ridden by Jack Kelly, whose first mount it was for about four years. 