THE RACING. It will be a long time before the Melbourne Cap of 1 SOS is forgotten, as Newhaven's victory will be noted as the most celebrated ever secured in the big two-mile event of Australia. He not only eclipsed all nrevious performances by carrying 7 St. 13 lb. to the front as a three-year-old, but he literally romped home by half a dozen .'engtiis ahead of his field, whom he had all weli beaten a mile frora home; in short, tbe race can be described as a procession, with Nesraaven first and the rest nowhere. It was a marvellous feat, and stamped the winner as the greatest colt Australia lias ever produced, not even excepting Carbine. Naturally the victory of the Jfewminster colt was wonderfully popular, the vast crowd which had assembled at PlemingtoD beginning cneering when the horse was a furlong from home, whiie the scene was remarkable as the post was reached.-i intense enthusiasm being manifested. Hats wero thrown into the air, ladies waved their handkerchiefs, and the crowd tumbled over each other to get a glimpse of the winner on his returning to scale. Newliaven's success was of course a severe blow to the Ring, as the colt has been consistently backed from tbe issue of the weights, and among those who profited by his success are a number of well-known South Australians. The proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, for which a favourite was found in Mauazona, while Carlsruhe was the next in demand. Manazona. who carried Brewer, thaped very badly, but Carlsruhe ran in front till the last hurdle, where he stumbled badly and lost his plane. Merrigal was in compauy witli Mr. H⩽'s horse here, and though be also pecked the obstacle ho had too much pace for Tertius m the run home, and beat liisn by three- quarters of a length. Merrigal, who was recently successful at Rand wick, at the A.J.C. Meeting, has proved himself a topsaiwyer at the game. In spite of all his weight Lieutenant was voted the best of the contestants in the Railway Handicap, though o to 1 on the field was on offer up to the rising of the loxrier. The Svdnev horse made a oold bid for victory under his big weight, but he just failed to catch another Xew South Wales representative in Armenia, who was a rani: outsider, scarcely any member of the Ring writing Ins name. Paul Pry again ran prominently, and made a dead heat for second place with Lieutenant bat Princess of Wales never had a chance. Armenia is an English- bred horse, having been imported by Mr. S. Hordern. During tbe race Cohort, when looking dangerous at the distance, unseated his rider, who had to be carried in in the ambulance van, but he was not seriously injured. Backers had not made an auspicious opening, but Key looked such a goad thing for the Kensington Stakes that they did not hesitate to lay odds on -her. Fortune, however, once more favoured the fielders, as when the barrier was raised the favourite turned the other way and took no part in the contest. With her out of the road the race proved a good thing for The Elder, who defeated his stable companion St. Winnoch easily. Both first and second youngsters were bred at Morphettvjlle, and St. Winnoch carried the colours of Mr. T. Barr Smith,, who was present to see him run. The Stewards held an enquiry into the performance of Koy, but nothing was done, as the Starter exonerated the rider, saying thst it was not his fault, as she slipped round tha other way. Key is the filly in connection with which Hayes hns heen reported to the V.R.C. Committee for not attempting to get away in I a race ran at a suburban meeting recentlv. Thy seratoiiiu^s for thi- Gun were not iiumerous. Lord Grenvil/e ii.is oeen running so badly since his arrival at Flemintjtoi; that Mr. Porter thought it u-eiess starting him. and for the same reason the owner of Sabretache v.-ithdru-w his colt. The only other absentee was The Officer. Mr. Cook electing to rr-iy upon The Merry Boy, who had tha service? of Huxley. The saddiing-oaddock vras crowded by those anxious to see rhe candidates undergo their final toilet Newhaven had the largest levee, and it was generally admitted that Hickenbotham had him very welL In the early part of the afternoon 5 to 1 was procurable about him. but the public came so strongly for him that at the finish nothing better than 4's was procurable. Mr. W. R. Wilson started bis three horses, but Resolute was the only oae • attracted attention. He was iooking all the better for his Derby gallop, and the 6table were confident that they would turn the tab es upon Xewhaven, but iu spite of this he was easar in the market, being quoted at 12. A candidate who came with a rattle on the course was Davon, and he was a decided second favourite, while Marusa held his overnight price. iCo horse stripped better ta tha eye than Broken Hill, but he had no credentials to win such a race, •while Bloodshot aud The Skipper shaped indifferently on Saturday that they; were comparatively neglected. Quite a number of Adelaide people backed Miraoum iymnlv simply because nftftanco they were told tnln to tA do rin so. crt None_ of the touts had seen him working, but it was stated on what should have been good authority that the horse had done some good gallops in private, and was 6ure to be dangerous. It was understood in the moraing tiiat Uough was to have ridden him, but eventually Thomn-s was put up. The Chevalier, who=e reign as first favourite was short and merry, went out. of favour, but Hopscotch 1 and Disfigured both had numerous friends. Disfigured first came out into] tbe straight but merely went slowly, it being left to Charge to show the way down the straight He was followed by the St Albans trio, Resolute wearing a blue band and Xada a red oue, and then 111 quiok succession came Dreamiaud, Pivot, Preston, Devon, and Newhaven, while the last two were DuhaUow and Miraclum, the South Australian representative not coming further than the J udge's box. Mr. Watson did not keep them long at- the post, and the barrier was lifted to a beautiful start, which took place at the top of the straight. Dreamland was tbS first to be signalled out from Broken Hill, Preston, Devon, Disfigured, and Newhaven, and as they came to course proper the Ballarat horse was clear of Preston, Devon, Damien, The Chevalier, and Newhaven, whiie Miraclum was already last. C&nooua; shot out at the distance, but at the half-distance a cry announced that Newhaven was in front, and as he went past the Graud Stand two lengths ahead of his field it was apparent that tTie same tactics were to be adopted as in the Derby, and that he would endeavour to win the race from end to end. Ha carried his field along the river side of the course at such a bat thfct before the mile-post a number of his opponents were thus early holding out signals of distress, while it was taking the otner* all their time to keep within a reasonable distance. At this stage he had an advantage of four lengths, but before the shed was reached he had actually doubled that, to the complete astonishment of everybody on the course. His nearest attendants here were Resolute. Trentham, and Dreamland, the last-named having always held good berths, and they were all hard at "it endeavouring to get oa tertne with the leader. They, however, could not materially decrease the gap, and Dreamland gave tbe chase up at the home turn.. His place was taken by Bloodshot, who, parsing Resolute iu the straight, set sail after thefavourite; but it was all to no purpose, Gardiner coming on as he did in the Derby and winning on Newhaven amidst intense excitement by halfadozeu lengths. ThsSkipper deprived Resolute of third honours, but nothing in the race had a ghost of a chance with Newhaven, who could easily have put up a record time had he been pressed. Reka was fifth, with Damien. who ran well, next; but, as I anticipated, Broken Hill was sever dangerous, never beui£ seen near the van after the first furlone- had been traversad. Miraclum. who should have been kept in his box, took his place in the rear very early in the hunt and these he struggled on, finishing a bad last. I saw Gardiner after the race, and he told me that at tha post ho was about tenth from the rails. He got away fairly well, Bloodshot and Oauoona being close to him. He was running about fourth or fifth until within half a furlong from toe Judge's box, when Newhaven was pulling a bit hard, and as he had not the slightest doubt about the colt's ability to keep in front all the way he let him go and sailp.d along. He added, " That is all I can tell you, as I never saw anything more of them. X should not have taken the liberty of forcing tiie running was I not sure that Newhaven was equal to the task. I really rode a waiting race in front." Gardiner, who is twenty-four years of age, originally started his career in Walter Hi 2kmbotliam's stable, after which he was with R. McKenna and H. Yeend. He then went to Sydney, and, riding for John Allsopp, was on Cremorne when he won the Donojister Handicap , - and . AU , Aged Stakes ana on T ^ , v .trenchant m the A.J.O. Derby and City Handicap. He only went back to Hickenbotham last August, and in tho short interval has appropriated the A.J.C. Sydney Spring Stakes, Craven Plate, and V.R.C. Derby, and now the Melbourne Cup on Newhaven. It is likely that Newhaven will be Bent to England after the next March meeting. The excitement having subsided over the big race, backers turned their ittoution to the Nursery Handicap, and flushed by their success over the favourite's victory iu the Cup they brought Keera down to z- very short price. The brother to Destiny made a big fight nnder his heavy impost, Jesdi^s- to the half-distance, then he failed, though he only just missed gaining a situation. The winner was supplied in Hypnotist, WHO beat the outsider Hymettus by three-quarters of a length, while the unlucky Fleet Admiral -was half a length off third. Moore appeared to take things verv easily on Hymettus from the distance, it being the general impression that he could have won, and after the race he was called before the Stewards, aud charged with suspicious running. His explanation was, however, accepted as satisfactory. There was a great rush to get or. to Man ot Honour in the Yan Yean Stakes, and be was backed down to 3 to 1. The run on Mr. Redfearu's representative enabled the followers of the St. Albans stable to secure a healthy price ! about Merman. The favourite was never in ; the hunt and Merman rewarded Mr. Wilson with his first win, which was well received, as ' he.has been out of luck. Merman only jn»t got home, however, after a great battle with the smart Cinder Ellen, catching her on the post in the last stride, and bitting her by half a head. HcaotE Eice. ' A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft-, with 250 added. Second horse to receive 50 and the third 25 so vs. out of the stake. Three miles. Mr. J. Marshall's b.g. Merrigal, bv Robert the Devil—Coquette, 12 st 101b. (Heudricks) 1 Mr.J. Robertson's b.3. Tertius, 6 yrs., 9 st. 6 lb. (Leafwitch) 2 Mr. S. Miller's b.st. Realgar, 5yrs., 10 6t. 10 lb. (Robertson! 3 Messrs. .1. C. & £. Manifold's b.g. Apsley, aged, 12 st. 7 lb. (Veal). Mr. G. Lyons's ch.g. Manazona, 6 yrs., 12 st 3 lb. (J. E. Brewor). Mr. A. Taylor's b.g. Gal way, aged, list. 13 lb. (Williams). Messrs. H. JS. A. & V. White's b.m. Llena, 5 vrs., 11 st. 10 lb. (Griffiths). Mr. W. Jones's b.h. Lucid, 6 yrs., 10 st. 7 lb. (Cameron). Mr. A. W. Beazley's br.g. Stamford, 6 yrs., 9 st. (Douglas). Bsttiug— 3 to 1 agst Manazona, 4 to 1 Carlsruhe, 7 to 1 Galway, S to 1 each Llena. Apsley, and Merrigal, 10 t<4 1 Realgar, 12 to 1 Tertius. Carlsruhe made play at the start from Galway and Apsley, with Llena and Stamford heading the others, while Merrigal was in the rear. Carlsru'ae and Galway showed the way over the first jump, and led running along I the back from Realgar, and at the abattoirs | the leaders were out three lengths from J Realgar, Uena. Manazona. and Lucid, with I Apsley and Merrigal the last two. Carlsruhe 1 , and Galway continued to hold command into ' the straight, but . assing the Stand Stamford : supplanted <>alwar, while Tertius headed i Realgar aud Llena, the last three being Matia-, zona. Metrical, and Apsley. As tliev raced : along the back for the second time Carlsruhe I was in 'rqnt from Stamford, Galway, and Llena, while Merrigal improve-I. his position, but Manozona was badly beaten. Merrigal ran into third place behind Carlsrhue and Tertius at the abattoirs, and these were the lesulers into tha straight. At the last hurdle Carlsruhe pecked baalv and lost his placc, and a good race between Merrigal and Tertius ended in favour of the topwoight by three-quarters of a length. Realgar, who came with a late rus. was only beaten by a short head for second place. Luoid was • fourth, Manazona fifth, Galway sixth, and ' L'ena last. Time, 5 miu. 59 sec. RAILWAY HAXOIOAP. A sweepstakes of 5 so vs. each, 1 ft, with 200 added. Second _horse to receive 50sovs. out of the staka xor three-year-olds and upwards. linwnrjle Six Sir furlnnnM furlongs. J Mr. S. Hordern's bLg. Armenia, 6 yrs., 7 i st 4 lb., by Doubloon (Eng.)—Plevna I (Cleal) Mr. P. Moore's b.g. Lieutenant, 5 yts., 9 i St. 13 lb. (W. Delaney) j Mr. T, Pay ten's b.g. Paul Pry, 4 yrs., 7 st. 1 81b. (McNamaraY ...' j Mr. J. O'Brien's b.g. Mainstay, 6 yrs., 9 st. 13 lb. (Gainane). Mr. W. EL Davidson's br.h. Ayrshire, 4 yrs., 9 st. 7 lb. (Moran). 1 Mr. W. A. Menzie's b.g. Culzean, 6 yrs., 8 st 11 lb. (Dawes). Mr. M P. Whitty's b.h. Emon-na-Knuck, 5 yrs., 8 st. 10 lb. (Whitty). Mr. J. Morrison's br.m. Wild Olive, 5 yrs., 8 st 7 lb. (Swan). Mr. J. Williams's b.g. Beau Brummel, 4 yrs., 8 st. 5 lb. (Darby). Mr. J. Moilannus a b.o. Survivor, 3 yrs., 5 st. 1 lb. (Delaney). Mr. J. Thompson's bk. or b.g. Sunbury, 6 vrs., 7 st. 13 lb. (Thomas). Mr. R. Mitchell's ch.m. Ilium, aged, 7 st. 11 lb. (Smith). Mr. J. Scobie's br.h. Kallara, 4 yrs. 7 St. 9 lb. (Orr). Mr. J. Leek's b.g, Bacchus, 4 yrs., 7 at. 9 lb. (Leek). Mr. J. J. Gaffnev's br.h. Mountaineer, 6 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. "(Poole) Mr. W. R. Wilson's ch.h. Koran, 4 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. (Morrison) Mr. D. James's b.f. Princess of Wales, 3 yrs., 7 st fi lb. (Northway) Mr. J. Wilson's br.m. Alabacnlia, 4 yrs., 7 st 2 lb. (Hoyt) Mr. J. Turn bull's ch.c. Cohort, 3 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. (W. H. Smith) Mr. H. Underwood's bLg. The Don, 6 yrs., C st 13 lb. (Cook) Mr. R. G. Casey's g.g. Trendle, 3 yrs., 6 st. 10 lb. (Jos. Haves). Mr. C. M. Lloyd's b.g. Interlude, 3JTS., 6 st. 9 lb. (R. Lewis). Mr. G. de Pury s ch.c. Embrasure, 3 yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (Sixsmith). f dead heat. Betting—5 to 1 apat. Lieutenant, 6 to I each Sunbury aud Survivor, 10 to 1 each Koran and Ayrshire, 12 to 1 each The Don, Cohort, Paul Pry, and Bacchus, 15 to 1 Armenia. When the barrier was raised Paul Pry, Einon-na-Knuck. Cohort and Kallara . were off first, and at the half-mile post Paul Pry was leading Kallara, Armenia, and Mainstiy, with Cohort, Interlude, and Survivor showing the most prominent of the others. Paul Pry had not been displaced at the course proper, where Kallara, was showing iu front of The Don, Ilium, Interlude, and Survivor, but at the distance Armenia was out clear, and stalling off Paul Pry and Lieutenant, who came out with the late run, be beat them by a length. The other pair ran a dead heat for second place, and then came The Don, Sunbury. Alabaculia, Cnjtea.n. Kallara, and Ilium, in the order given, with Bmaun-na-Knuck last. Time, 1 min. 15| sec, KENSINGTON" STAKES. A sweepstake of 5 sovs. sach, 1 ft, with 200 sovs. adde.l. For two-year-olds; colts, 8 st 10 lb.; fillies and geldings, 8 et. 5 lb. Winner to l>e sold for £100; 7 lb. allowed for every £25 reduction in selling prioe, whioh must be claimed at time of - ntry. Five furlongs. Mr. W. Leonard's b.g. The Elder, by Neckersgat—Pamela (nil), 6 6t. 5 lb. (H. Cook) 1 Mr. T. E. Barr Smith's b.g. St Win. noch (nil), 6 st 5 lh. (Cleal) 2 Mr. S. Griffith's ch.c. Master Tom (nil), 0 st. 10 lb. (W. Griffiths) S Mr. I. Foalsham's ch.f. Yashmak (£50) 7 6t 5 lb. (Carson). Mr. J Hayes' br.f. Key (nii) 6 st 5 lb. (Jos. K&yes;). Mr. M. Thompson's ch.g. Lochuanita (nil) 6 st 5 lb. (Sixsmith). Betting—7 to 4 ou Key, 6 to 1 agst. Loch uanita, 7 to I The Elder, 10 to 1 the others. Key turned her Head the wrong way when the Darner was raised, and took no part m the j with St Winnoch and The Elder, and crossing 1 the tan Yashmak was lfdmg be Elder, j with St Wmnoch clear of Lochuanita, while j Masterton was the last to show into the course proper. The Elder then came on with St Winnoch, and the pair had the race to themselves, but the Elder ^pt the measure of his stable mate at the distance, and heat him by two lengths. Masterton was three lengths off third, and then came Lochuanita and Yashmak. Time, 1 min. 3£ sec. THE HELBODBKJE CuP. A handicap sweepstakes of 25 sovs., with 3,000 savs. added. Second horse to receive 500 and the third 259 sovs. out of the stake, provided that the winner of the A.J.C. or V.R.C. Derby of 1S96 shall carry in this race not less than weiirht for age. Two miles. Messrs. Jones & Cooper's ch-c. Newhaven. by Newminster—Oceana, 3 yre., 7 st. 13 lb, (H. .1. Gardiner) Mr. A. Harvey's b.h. Bloodshot, by Maxim —Iris, 4 yrs., 8 st. 12 lh. (E. Power) ... Mr. ti. Hordern's bk.g. The Skipper, by Robiuacn Crusoe—Lady Harden (imp.), 8 st 10 lb.—including 7" lb. penalty (W. Delaney) S " 1%iiil ®f s Boston, by Robiusmi E - Ves ' 5 y 1 *-' a st- 2 lb. (W. ,T vit^ t 1 v t» , , , ' -_ y Grand Flaneur—Terara, 6 yrs., 9 st.—including 7 lb. penalty (J. Hajes). Mr. J. Wilson's b.m. Disfigured, by Malua—Progressiva aeed, 8 st. 12 llx (Hoyt). Mr. J. Bedfeam'e ch.g. Mamaa, by Malua—Madcap, 5 yrs., 8 st S lb. (Redfearn). Mr. J. Paterson's b. or br.h. Devon, aged, by Musk Rose—The West, 8 st. 7 lb. (Moore). Mr. S. G. Cook's br.g. The Merry Boy, by Tmnton—Mara, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2-lb. (E. Huxley). Mcssrt>. Bailey and Orr's br.h. Dreamland, by Trenton—Nightmare, 5 yrs., 8 st. 21b. (A. De'aaey). Mr. J. Rowan's ch.h. Miraclum, by ' Eiridspord — Tinmine, 4 yrs., 8 st (Thomas). Mr. D. James's br.h. Broken Hill, by Richmond—Gratitude, aged, 7 st. 13 lb. (J. Anwin). Mr. A. A. Samuel's br.h. The Chevalier, by Lochiel—The Oaks, 4 yrs., 7 st 12 lb. (Carson). Mr. W. Bailey's ch.c. Coil, by Abereorn— Copra, 3 yrs., 7 et. 11 lb. (Luckmann). Mr. W. R. Wilson's b.h. Trentham, by Trenton—Nelly Moore, 4 yrs., 7 st. 9 lb. (Manning). Mr. J. N. McArthur's b.m. Canoona, by Gang Forward—Small Talk, 6 yrs., 7 et. 9 lb. (Ramage). Messrs. J. C. and. E. Manifold's b-b. Pivot by Swiveller—Wild Rose. 5 yrs., 7 st. 9 lb. (R. Lewis). Mr. W. R. Wilson's b.m. Nada, by Trenton—Tuberose, 6 yrs., 7 st 9 ib. (EL J. Morrison). Messrs. H. E. A. and V. White's b.c- Charge, bv Carbine—Forest Queen, 3 yrs., 7 st. (» lb.—including S lb. penalty (H. MoranV Hon. G. Davis's ch.h. DuhaUow, by Sheet Anchor—Duanita, 5 yts., 7 st. 4 lb. (F. Shaw). Mr. J. Wilson, jurn's b.g. Damien, bv Off Colour—The Nun,j4 yrs.,^7 st. 4 lb. (C. Power). Mr. S. H. Gollan's ch.g. Tire, bv Medallion—Florence Macarthy, 3 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. (H. Keane). Mr. W. E. Wilson's h.c. Resolute, by Trenton—Umilta, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lb. (D. Callinan). Mr. W. Lang's b.m. Rosella, by Trenton- Pardon, 5 yrs., G st. 10 lb. (Cunningham). Mr. J, McSweeuey's b.c. Reka, by Keckersgat—Lady Lovelace, S yrs., 6 st 10 lb. (H. Cook). 