IS INSANITY DUE TO MICROBE. ! ScnssTmc Ameeicak-.'' Two physicians connected with a hospital at Ogdensbnrg, N.Y., suspect that certain forms of insanity are due to a particular microbe, says the "New j York Tribune." Drs P. M. "Wise 'and "Warren L. Babeoek are the men. They received a hint of this theory from a foreign scientist, Dr Galceran, of Bar celona, Spain; but they have "been ex perimenting with patients in their own hospital, and in consequence are inclined to adopt the opinions just mentioned. They took a person who was suffering from acute delirium, inserted a suction needle into the membranes beside the spinal cord, down near the waist, and extracted a little of the moisture which is usually found there. These membranes, it should be explained, are continuations of membranes around the brain, and the fluid iu the two places is considered identical. That which was extracted by the needle was supposed to contain bac teria. At any rate, rabbits which, were inoculated therewith became sick, al though it is uot alleged that they were iusauc. It docs uot appear distinctly, either, that Drs "Wise and Babcock have been able to find and describe any par ticular form of microbe as belonging to delirium. Their case is not yet proved. Much less have they shown that acute mania can be cured by inoculation witb modified germs. The difficulty of removing fish bones and similar obstructions impacted at the lower end of the oesophagus is well known, and various mechanical measures and appliances have been invented to deal with the difficulty. One of the most simple, however, and, as reported, one of the most effectual, is to administer to the patient a pint of milk, and forty minutes afterward an emetic of sulphate of zinc. The fluid easily passes the obstruction, and is, of course, rapidly coagulated in the stomach iuto a more or less solid mass, which, on being ejected, forces the obstruction before it and so effects its removal. A ghost is supposed to haunt the village of Hocking, in Essex. Several females when walking alone in the darkness are said to have been terribly alarmed to find a male ghost gliding noiselessly alongside them. 