£LqUs of ift£ Jftmtth. rpHE Queen's Birthday fell this year on Whit Sunday, the -»- birthday of the Church. That coincidence may serve to remind us of the blessings of quiet growth and safe worship which the Church throughout her dominions has engaged under her godly and wise Government, and how the alliance with the State has thus been rescued from the secularistic influences that rnade it distasteful to spiritual men, and been made a means of enabling the Church to rulnl its prophetic omce to the nation, and do faithful work by the counsels of the ruler and by the consciences of the people. So again the concurrence of this anniversary with the return of Pentecost should give a special direction and significance this year to our loyal wishes, while we pray that the anointing of the Holy G-host may abide with our Sovereign and make her to increase and abound in all spiritual gifts and blessings, and that it may be her glory that the name of Jesus is known and worshipped throughout the length and breadth of her Empire. npHE following circular letter and prayer have been sent to all -*- clergy and readers in the Diocese of Melbourne : — ' Eeverend and Dear Brethren — You have doubtless seen in the newspapers from time to time harrowing accounts of the cruelties which have been, and still are being, inflicted upon the ancient Christian Church in Armenia. We read that men are tortured, women are outraged, children are violated, homes are burnt, and that thousands of men, women, and children, home less and foodless, have been enduring the terrors of winter. A circular, signed by eminent bishops and clergy in England, has reached me, urging Christian people throughout the world to unite in earnest prayer to Almighty God that their brethren in Armenia may be sustained and comforted in their tribulation, and that the dreadful barbarities which they are suffering may cease. I arn sure that you will readily move your congregations to pray for these things ; and therefore, I send a form of prayer to be said in church at morning and evening service, on Sunday, May 31st, being Trinity Sunday. — -I am, your faithful servant in Christ, ' F. F. Melbourne. ' Bishopscourt, May 21st, 1896. ' ' O God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, our only Saviour, the Prince of Peace, receive our supplications and prayers which we offer before Thee for all estates of men in Thy Holy Church, and especially at this time for our persecuted brethren in the land of Armenia. Look with pity upon them in their sore tribulation. Let the cry of the widow and the fatherless come before Thee. Be Thou the dwelling-place of them that have been robbed of their earthly homes. Save them from the hands of their oppressors. Cause persecution and violence to cease from among them ; and mercifully grant that Thy people may again joyfully serve Thee in all godly quietness through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. THE Bishop of Southwell has written to his diocese with reference to the. persecuted Armenians. He says : — ' The debate in Parliament has proved that the subject is abso lutely removed from party politics. Both the late and present Governments have been earnestly anxious to prevent the evils, but the situation has baffled them. Belief to the sufferers is supported by all parties. The blue-books confirm in a terrible way the extreme nature of the distress created by the unrestrained plunder of the Armenians in town and country, accompanied by outrages on life, honour, and religion, which may both have seemed incredible in less authoritative reports. It is not my desire to harrow feelings or excite passions, but to urge relief. A Christian people is starving on account of their religion, and I beg all whom I can in any way influence to join in the effort to alleviate their sufferings, and those who can send gifts separately to send at once to one of the relief committees. But it will be well to give general opportunities in our churches. Good Friday, with its sacred memory of mercy and suffering, will be a fitter day for our churches to unite in such offerings of mercy to suffering, and for us to send up our intercessions for these our persecuted brethren. In the ' Daily Offices' of the Eastern Syrians there are some touching verses of prayer, which we may well use in these intercessions : — ' ' The eyes of all hang on Thee. On Thee, O Christ our Saviour, lo, the eyes of the distressed hang. And heal Thou the pains and sicknesses. O let the sighing of the prisoner come before Thee. Prayer is the key of Creation. It openeth the door of the Kingdom. And giveth a reward and' recompense. By it, O my Lord, let Thy grace open : The door of Thy Gift to the needy. And pour forth Thy mercies on Thy servants. Who take refuge in Thee and call on Thy name. Hear, 0 God, and have mercy upon us. Lo, Heaven and earth weep. And pour forth tears of sorrow. For they see Thy servants afflicted. And there is no helper to rescue them. Awake, Lord, as one that sleepeth. And as in the times of old. And save and rescue Thy worshippers. From the hands of the persecutors. Glory be, &c.;' 'Let us, too, give thanks for the glorious testimony, unto the death, of those who have died for their faith. For that, also, the words from the ' Martyrs' Anthem' in the same East Syrian ' Daily Offices' speak truth : — ' ' Your labours are not despised, 0 Martyrs. And Christ the King, Whom ye loved, passeth not away. On 'the earth are laid your bones, for ye have conquered. And in the Book of Life are your names, 0 friends of the Son.' ' ?jV/TONDAY, 11th nit., was set apart by the Bishop of Melbourne -'?*- as a Quiet Day for the. clergy, in connection with the preparation for the coming mission. The proceedings began with a celebration at 8 a.m. Two addresses were delivered in the morning, by the Bishop of Melbourne and the Eev. Julius Lewis, with hymns and intervals, for private prayer. After luncheon at Bishopscourt, the solemn services of the day were ? continued, the former of the two afternoon addresses being given by the Dean, the latter by Archdeacon Langley. All the addresses were very earnest and telling, and had reference, as was natural 'at this season, to the work of the Holy Spirit on the heart, the afternoon addresses treating the subject more particularly in relation to the General Mission to be held in July and August. A GREAT disappointment has fallen 'upon the promoters of -ft- _ the General Mission. The English Missioners, the Revs. Cyril Bickersteth and Walter Frere, have failed them at the last moment. About the beginning of May the Dean heard from Mr. Bickersteth that he and Mr. Frere had taken their passages by one of the Messageries steamers, and hoped to be in Australia before the end of June. Then on Thursday, 7th, the Dean received the following cablegram from Oxford : — ' Bickersteth i ill. _Radley missioners cannot come. Inform Adelaide.' The Mission Committee were at once convened, and came to the conclusion that the cablegram must be treated as final, there being no time to re-open negotiations with clergymen in England. It was resolved, however, not to abandon the idea of holding missions in the parishes affected by the withdrawal of the Englishmen, but to endeavour without delay to supply their places from the neighbouring dioceses. As a result of this reso lution we are glad to have to announce that the Rev. Mr. Trower, of Sydney, accompanied by the Rev. Arnold Bode, will hold the missions in July at St. Andrew's, Brighton. Very deep regret is felt at the news that the expected missioners have been obliged to give up their visit. As yet nothing is known as to the nature of Mr. Bickersteth's illness, but in another fortnight a letter will probably come. It is to be hoped that a ministry so full of work and promise will not be long interrupted. 'What a strange fatality has attended our efforts to obtain missioners from Home ! More than twelve years ago Canons Body and Knox Little were invited by Bishop Moorhouse, but both, if we remember right, fell ill before the time came. Then, much more recently, a visit from Mr. Gore was spoken of; but he, too, when he should have been starting for the colonies, was on a bed of sickness, and when he recovered a canonry descended on him, and cut him off from us effectually. Canon Carter and Mr. Robinson arrived without any casualty, but in a very short time one after the other was laid by, and though such work as they did was excel lent, they were unable to fulfil even half the engagements that had been made for them. And now no sooner had the Radley missioners taken their passage than one of them again is stricken in the old way, and the mission project is given up in despair. Well ! At this Whitsun season, most of all, we should remember for our encouragement that success in ministry and missions comes not by zeal or eloquence, not by genius or learning, not by might or power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts. A VERY numerous and enthusiastic meeting of parishioners -tt- and friends of St. Peter's Church was held in St. Peter's Schoolroom, Eastern Hill, on Thursday, 21st ult., to make arrangements for holding the jiibilee of that church this month. The Bishop presided, and spoke strongly in favour of using the opportunity so as to repair and beautify the old building on which 'the wear and weather of 50 years have made their effect.' The proposal was warmly taken up by the meeting, several individuals engaging to bear the cost of different portions of the work contemplated. An extensive canvass is being organ ised of all who have in past years been baptised or married or for any time held seats in St. Peter's. Besides the necessary slating, plastering, and colouring, which is obviously needed,' it is suggested that it would be a good thing for the sanctuary to be floored with tiles or marble, or, failing them, with wooden mosaic work. The church has undeniable claims on the affec tion and liberality of Melbourne Churchnien, being the second oldest in Melbourne, and having for its incumbent the senior clergyman of the diocese on the active list. rjlHE Cathedral offertory for missions amounted on Whit -*- Sunday to .£38 10s., being ^17 10s. in excess of last year's collection. npHE clerical meeting will be held at the Deanery on Tuesday, ?*? 16th inst., at 3.30 p.m. The afternoon subject will com mence at Hebrews vi. 10. In the evening Canon Berry has promised to repeat the lecture recently given by him in the Chapter- house, 'Eight Thousand Years.' All clergy of the diocese, whether they receive or not cards reminding them of the engagement, have a standing invitation to these meetings. A LL Victorian Churchmen, we are sure, will be sorry to learn -£*? that through the misconduct of the solicitor who had the investing of the diocese funds, the Diocese of Goulburn has suffered very serious financial loss. It is very difficult to make out from the report presented to the Synod the precise extent to which the various Church institutions are affected, but it seems clear that about £10,000 are involved in the disaster, a consider able part of which amount will never be recovered. The Church Society is a severe sufferer, as also certain funds, the interest from which has helped to augment the stipends of the clergy. But the blow falls most heavily on the Bishopric Endowment Fund, so much of which has been improperly used that it is impossible yet to say whether even half of the stipend hitherto enjoyed by the Bishop — which has never in any year approached the amount at which the income of the see was estimated at his accession — will now be available for his use. We sincerely hope that the position will be found less critical than has been imagined, and that in any case the Diocese of Goulburn will follow the advice of the Bishop of Newcastle, and instead of sitting on a rail and wringing their hands, boldly face the disaster, and by steady and sustained efforts and contributions do what they can to redeem the mischief. fTIHE result of the Referendum in South Australia in relation -'- to Scriptural instruction in State-schools has greatly dis appointed its promoters, and has given colour to the statement that the public in that colony are unfavourable to even the unsectarian religious education of their children. A letter in the Southern C7-oss by Mr. Joseph Nicholson, formerly secretary of the South Australian Scripture Education League, assigns as the true cause for the failure ' the mixing up of three distinct issues in the reference to the constituencies' — viz., free education, Scriptural instruction, and denominational grants — instead of letting the simple question of religious instruction or not have )een decided by itself, and 'the ambiguous Avording' of the ques tions proposed. Some little jealousy of the Church of England on the part of the Nonconformist population may have contri buted, he thought, to the same end. Whether Mr. Nicholson is right or not, it is certainly a great pity that the issue to be tried was not put clearly and separately before the country. THE Diocesan Year-Book for 1895-6 has been piTblished. We purpose making reference to its contents in our next number. Meantime, we notice with satisfaction that in several particulars the figures show a decided improvement on those for 1894-5. We trust that we have here an indication of our having begun to emerge from the deep depression of recent years. ANE very interesting fact, illustrative of the wave of missionary ' fervour which is said to be passing over the civilised world, is the letter of a number of young clergymen of the Diocese of Durham to Bishop Westcott, in which they state that while the call for workers in the foreign mission-field appeals to all that is best and truest in them, they are yet unable to determine for themselves whether the work to be done at home has not even a stronger claim on their feeling and duty, and place themselves unreservedly in his hands, to be retained in England or sent to do the work of an evangelist in Uganda or Melanesia, Madagascar or New Guinea. It is a most touching letter for its absolute unselfishness, and the confidence of the writers in their Bishop as God's ordinance to them for help and direction in the devotion of their lives. The Bishop, in accepting the trust reposed in him, hailed their letter as a recognition that the Church's work at home and abroad was one work, and an earnest that by the interchange of clergy many stations in the mission-field will become, so to speak, ' outlying parts of English parishes.' rpO show the falsehood of the cry that religious stagnation is -?- the product of large endowments, the Archbishop of Canterbury stated at the opening of the Clerical House that during the past year, from pure voluntary subscriptions, excluding all help from endowments of any kind, there has been raised and snent — (1) for the maintenance of elementary education, over ^£689,000, in addition to over £525,800 upon buildings and improvements ; (2) for Church work, including a million for the building and restoration of churches, and half a million for the endowment of benefices, for parsonages, and for burial ground, £5,738,000. The sum paid by incumbents for curates in the year has been £275,000, while the sum raised for curates from all other sources has been £321,000. In Wales, where the stagnation has been said to be greatest, the total net income of the Church from endowments was last year £186,000, while the voluntary contributions were £281,000. ON the subject of the tenure of office in these colonies of incum bents and curates-in-charge, the Bishop of Tasmania says : — 'We are still to a great extent a missionary Church. Yet we have been trying in many dioceses to reproduce here the old tenure which obtains in England. There are incumbencies with property rights, and there are curates-in-charge who hold at the pleasure of the Bishop. In the Diocese of Sydney every clergyman can claim the protection of the Ecclesiastical Offences Act. The same is true of Newcastle. But these dioceses do not seem content with their ordinance, and are in the process of amending it. In. the Diocese of Goulburn only incum bents can claim to be tried under the Act. The same is true of Mel bourne and of Brisbane. In Melbourne about seventy are incumbents, and eighty hold at the pleasure of the Bishop. In the Diocese of Brisbane half the clergy are in each category. In the Diocese of Adelaide some twenty clergy hold at the pleasure of the Bishop. In Tasmania there are thirty-two incumbents and seventeen curatesin charge. The Province of New Zealand is much more highly organised than the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania; there is a true General Synod, in which supreme power exists. There is also an Ecclesiastical Offences Act. There are in four dioceses, including Auckland and Christchurch, 58 incumbents and 128 curates in charge of districts. None of these 128 can claim the right to be tried under the Act ; their licenses are revocable at pleasure. In New Zealand there is an appeal from any bishop to a court appointed by General Synod to hear such appeals. The one distinct blot in the organisation of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania is the fact that there is, as a rule, no appeal from any individual bishop to a higher authority in Australia.' ¥E gladly reprint below the manly words of Bishop Green to his Synod on the subject of the low incomes of the clergy:— u My brethren of the laity, you can little guess how keenly it goes to the Bishop's heart to know, as he does know, that in his diocese the income of the clergy is, in many instances, below the 'living ?wage.' I hear men say, 'The clergy should not serve for money.' They do not. There are men in this diocese who to my knowledge have abandoned posts of comparative ease and security elsewhere, and stood by the Bishop's side in this corner of New South Wales with no other object than to help in fighting the stern battle of their mother Church in this difficult diocese. Are we to find fault with these men because they cry out against debt, against mental starvation, against the closing of the door of all prospects for their children, or of provision (be it of the slenderest) against their old age ? Nay, they do right so to cry out ! If laymen up and down this diocese knew as much as I do of the house hold lives of the clergy ; if they knew the gallant struggles against poverty, the contrivances and economies of the long-suffering clergy wives to make both ends meet, and on a working-man's pay keep up the refinements and courtesies of a professional man's household ; if they realised the many privations borne uncomplainingly in silence, the need sometimes of the barest requisites for clothing, or education, or locomotion, there would be a revolution in the state of things next week. All my sympathies go with the outcry of the parishes for bright men, able men, educated men, polished men. I will find them for your posts — all round — if you will pay for them. But when I am required to produce an orator, an athlete, a musician, a scholar, a horseman, an architect, a lawyer, a man of business, of culture, of tact, and of fine commanding presence, and am thereupon commissioned to offer this ' Admirable Criehton' something less than the more skilled navvies receive upon a railway line, I confess the disproportion appals and crushes me. Is it not obvious that the better the man the more reluctant he is to incur certain debt ; and the higher his cultivation, the larger is his mental appetite ? I am bound to say I do not think these considerations receive sufficient attention from our congregations at large.' 'DISHOP GEEEN, in his sermon before the Synod of Grafton J-* and Arinidale, from the text 'Now there are many members, yet one body,' referred, in illustration of the mutual interdependencies of members of the one body, to the joint action of clergy and laity in the Church's legislative assemblies : — ' The English convocations are entirely clerical, and the system now usually obtaining in the colonies was chiefly owing to the saga cious foresight of Charles Perry, first Bishop of Melbourne. Mutual advantage had accrued from its operation. The clergy were able to furnish a trained knowledge on ecclesiastical questions; the laity provided a broad, commonsense, and practical business knowledge. So was it in wider Christendom. While we regretted divisions, there was no reason why we should not recognise each other's strong points. The Latin Church afforded order and discipline ; Scottish Presbyte rianism, a spirit of sturdy puritanism in its best sense ; Methodism, the care for the individual soul ; the Salvation Army, heed for work among the outcast or degraded. All these qualities they could honour and respect. Mutual interdependence was the thought to save them from pettiness and mutual exclusiveness. ' TtfE. EOBEET BUCHANAN, hitherto known as a second rate -L'J- novelist and third or fourth rate poet, has proclaimed himself a devil-worshipper — hi a volume entitled The Devil's Case, the motto of which is Diabolus Hominum Salvator, and the object of which is to maintain that God and not Satan is th© real enemy of souls, and religion and morality the true way that leadeth to destruction. If this is not playing with the unpardonable sin itself, at least it falls under the condemnation denounced against the calling 'good evil, and evil good.' But what has come to the man, who always seemed a sane and decent member of society, that he should have taken suddenly to reading the Litany backwards, and thus blessing Satan and banning Christianity? And what has come to so many respectable and right-minded booksellers and librarians that they should aid and abet Mr. Buchanan in his rage against Church and God, by letting his commination of churches and creeds, with its shameless blasphemies and malignant distortions of the truth, lie on their shelves with honest literature, or be sold as wholesome reading for boys and girls over their counters ? O O much has been said about the secret Church Society among ^ the undergraduates of Cambridge that the following digest of the Times article on the subject will interest our readers. The society in question is called ' The Companions of St. John.' With its branches it numbers over a thousand members. Its leader is the Eev. Ernest Heriz-Smith, Fellow of Pembroke, a popular Don, against whose character or motives not a word has ever been said. A candidate on admission kneels at a table, his eyes bandaged and hands tied, and takes an oath of obedience and secrecy. According to the statement of a member of Jesus College, on his initiation he took an oath to obey Mr. Smith in all things, and never to mention the society's affairs to outsiders. He was also placed under his sponsor who introduced him into the order, who might punish him if he did anything of which he disapproved ; and if he went to any religious meeting without his sanction might fetch him out, and should he refuse to come might go to his rooms the next day and tie him up to the table leg. We find it very difficult to take this narrative with the seriousness due to a statement in the Times. To us the most rational explanation of the story would be that the member of Jesus College bad been made the victim of a silly jest by hia fellow-collegians. Surely the claxise we have printed in italics betrays the hoax. Youngmen of Cambridge — High Church or Low — are not quite without humour. Can we imagine any society surviving a single day the inextinguishable laughter of the Univer sity upon the discovery of one of its members, tied to the table leg in his own room, in penance-pain for disobeying his sponsor ? Certainly if such a society really exists for the inculcation of extreme or any Church doctrines, and the vows above described are being imposed by Mr. Heriz-Smith upon his proselytes, there can be no doubt that that gentleman, however pure may be his motives, is abusing his influence with the younger members of the University, and that the University authorities will do well to take such steps as, without any arbitrary interference that should provoke resistance, will result in the softly and silently fading away of an association which when it ceases to be ridiculous may easily become mischievoiis. 