THE MASftflJBK OLD COURT ; PUCE; OK. j FROM TREACHERY TO ! ' TRUST. BV- HEOLEV RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronounced," "a| W.eteh Princess, "The Omerod My- stery." Etc., Etc. ,GH AFTER XjTV.— oiontiniiefl.j ' w hen T landed in England," con tinued Mrs Carruthers, "I at once en gaged. :h detective to trace you, and found that Martin hud not married vou when .the new, catpo that Agatha- had been, drowned. Byfthe t)rao you were traced to. Miss Delaticy's oii'had heard thai you were Mr Sturt's granddaughter and heiress, so tlmtthe offer I had inten ded making M as superfluous." "What weie you going to offer?" in quired Grace. "To settle a comfortable income upon you. I wanted to show my sympathy in a practical wuy. Yes, Grace-if I may call you so— from the time I heard of the affair I have felt a deep sympathy for .you. which has developed into love. One I thing has puzzled me very much — that the detective failed to .trace your move ments from the time ybu left Martin's house until you were -accidentally- dis covert to be residing at Miss Delaney's. I have wondered liow you got to- know her." "I can easily explain that. Sidney saved me from committing suicide;" and Grace told what happened on that awful winters night, which now seemed ages ago. "What a wretch Martin Barron ts! H( deserves no mercy on anv score " said Mrs Carruthers. " ' "Are you still resolved to have your retange? asked Grace. "Yf-s; and a bitter one it will be " ra.f Ut,th".ilt 0f Alloe' What an awful thins it will be for her if her husband Grdce penalty o£ h|s crime." urged ".Slie doesn't love Wm." ,. B"t she bears his name, and will feel "7- Te keenly." Pleaded Grace. rn„ H. e my "v-enge. Martin Rar- 'n>;brother-yes,and shortened ' raj fathers life, besides causing a slur Jo.ri2Kton.hta name. I know some people fcelieved that he killed Clifford— that he was not m Walestat the time of the mur der. I will vindicate his name and have my revenge." mi.,V?I!Be?noc iH mine- 1 wiii repay, ..ril I"" 0rd'' " sald Graoe solemnly. That may be; but I cannot stand and wall. Reside, look at that poor mad BirJ. J am certain she is Phyllis Blount ana sin- must be released." Are you any nearer finding out the truth about the murder?" asked Grace.. Yes; but once the ghost of Agatha Goddard enters Old Court Place; she M ill learn something." "You don't mean to go there?" ex claimed Grace. "Indeed I do.. Martin thinks I am a spirit, and so does the old butler. I fear no one but Martha Gee, as she has sharp eyes and a sharp tongue." "I should advise you to be cautious, for if Martin discovers who you aVe, and your object In coming here, yovr life may be In danger." j "1 know that; but I don't mean to let him discover anything. Do you know ft seems to me that everything is work ing so as to bring the crime to light. For instance, that dream of Alice's is a very singular thing. Then tnerc Js the way in which that girl manages to parade the house. X cannot understand how she escapes from under Martha. 'Gee's vigilant eve. but I mean to find her hiding place," said Mrs Carruthers, as she rose. "Well, this has been a night of revela tions. and now I. should ilk.? ;r kntfw what 1 am to call you?" snid Grace. "It won't do to call me Maude, or Martin might lean) my 'name from Ids wife.- Then' his' suspicion 'would per haps be aroused, so for tie- present it must be Mrs Carruthers.'' ' At that moment thc-cli'-k r-n the jnan- tel-pierc struck one, and with a good night the friends parted. When she was.- alone Grace seated hcrseb' .and fell into a train of thought. whttii-flnWlymorged into throne ques tion "Could she stand by and see Mar tin K.i i ron delivered up to die a felon's death? It' he had murdered Captain Goddaid he richly deserved his fate, hut she had once loved him," and Grace shrank 'from the thought of the awful doom that awaited him. Of course in warning him she would be acting unfairly by Mrs Carruthers. and this thought weighed strongly with her. At last she resolved to wait. an& sec how matters .tttVpca out. as it was quite possible tliht the additional proof required might not be easy to find. Then Martip svbuld Tie afe. "But poor Alice, what of her? Was she to be dllowqd to spend her liiV with a man w hose bauds were stained with tloud?" It was a knotty question, and with a dgti -Grace, gave it up, and prepared for tafet - ' --w . CHAPTER XV.-MTtS CARRUTHERS MAKES A DISCOVERY. "I'm v«ry uneasy, very uneasy in- -aeod," said, Mrs Sturt, as she seated' fcerlf on the most comfortable of the ' tardea choirs and looked at Grace. "What are- you uneasy about, aunt4" Inquired the latter. About Alloc. She is very ill indeed." Alice ill? Why. fshe was here threu oays ago, and she seemed just as usual." said- Grace. "Yes, that is what puzzles me. She has not been ill any time, yet the ultern- rion in her is marvellous" replied Mrs Sturt. ' f : f "What ails lVer?" inquired Mrs' Ciir- ru titers. . . , , >?'hi surej: don'tknow. The day Mar tin was in London she called at the I-odge. aod,.shp wa£ as well as usual. But yesterday 4 1 went up to the Place and found her lying on a couch in the drawingroojn, lppjclng like a ghost, and so weak that she could hardly move. -When -I asked her what ailed her she burst' Into teal's. "Of course, 1 told her. that would never «o. and jqyestiond her, until 1 found out xhat she'd been taken ill the day after Martin came frpm London. . Sickness, she said, and a feeling of lassitude. So J asked her what Dr. Grahame said about it, and she told me she hadn't seen hira, .that Martin said 4t was noth- 'Sng but the hot weather that' had upset Tier, and that U would be folly to send "for the doctor.' ' ' - '' "Well, Graces you jqa.y. be sure this didn't sulrme. 'I'jfi riot one to make a 1fTWJ)l(T0hljrfancy1ihey are, .ill, wPuJ4n't stand bynnd see.mriori'n 'Child fading away without a doctor;' so went- to Martin, who was In the lib- ary, arid li poid him Vhat 'I thought -bout-It." - "what did be say?" inquired Grace. 462 Why, he laughed in tliat nasty sar castic way he does when he's vexed, and said 1 was makinga. mountain out of a molv-iiilUj-that it!#as only ihe heat that was aiTejitins Alice. ; But I told him it was nothing; pf.the kind. Of coureer if Is very;hot. hut the weather would not have ty-ousht Alice to the state she was In. ana 1 ihslstccl upon 'despatching the servant for Dr. Grahame." J "Did Mr Barron agree tothat?-'-' asked J Grace. » "Ho just sneered, and bald ''perhaps, it would bi' better to telegraph for- a doctor from London, and 1 said 1 .should be satisfied with Dr. Grahame." "What. doer, the doctor say?" inquired Mrs Carruthers, who had listened atten tively to the conversation. "He seemed puzzled, but said he would s.-nd her some medicine. I stayed with the poor girl all- day, .and I. went ui) before luncheon this morning, and was ;ust In time to see the doctor, who ap peared more puzzied than- ever, Alice, wasn't one bit better— indeed, she secfcl- cd more languid, so be said he'd toy a different medicine. I stayed with' her until about an hour ago. and .then thought I'd come and tell you how ill she is." "Doesn't Mr Barron seem uneasy r.ow?'\asked Grace. "No; he says it's just the weather' "that doesn't agree with her. 1. think that funny deformed woman. Martha Gee, seemed very much troubled. She came to Alice's boudoir, inquiring about her, and asking most particularly about the' symptoms. As she is an old servant, I told her all I knew, and she looked un commonly grave." tnink if i were you. I should go and stay at Old Court Place until Mrs Barron is better." said Mrs Carruthers. Mrs Sturt sniffed slightly. "I don't think you-. would if Martin Barron was your son-i:i-law.l suggested remaining, and he save me to under stand ibat he'd an objection to mothers- in-law. The fact is he's a very bad- tempered man. Of course. Alice made a very good match as regards position —VMS. and money, in spite of his debts. I suppose tlie temper is a set-off against it. One canpot have everything in this world. I suppose it's no use asking you to go and see Alice." she said. "1 cannot enter Mr 'Barron's house," replied Grace, in a firm tone. "Don't you think you are a little un forgiving? I dare say Martin said some nasty things about the money, but dear- a-rne that was only natural." " I may be unforgiving, but T shall not go to Old Court Place." replied Grace, wondering what Mrs Sturt "would say if. Fhc knew the real reason why she would, have nothing to do with Martin Barron. When that lady had gone Mrs Car ruthers turned to Grace, saying : "1 wonder what ails- Alice?" There was something peculiar in her tone, which- ktartled Grace, and made h<fr exclaim : "Why do you speak in that .tone?" "Because J have a very nasty suspi cion. 1 cannot help wondering if Mar tin is giving her poison." "Never ! Surely he cannot be bad enough for that!" "I think when a man has done the things that Martin Barron has done, lie won't stop at anything. Years ago he let the devil get the whip hand of him. and he's driven him at a pace since then," said Mrs Carruthers. "But what motive can lie have for desiring Alice's death?" But even as she spoke, Grace remem bered Martin's words, that Alice was not strong, and if she died there would be no barrier between them. "I see you have some idea of the mo tive." said Mrs Carruthers. noticing the flush on Grace's face. "Ypu know." she went on. "Martin Jias a very good opinion of himself, and no doubt he thinks, if he were free, the wealthy Miss Sturt might forget the past and become his wife." "Surely you do not think that?" ex claimed Grace, in horror. "No, I know you too well for that; but J am afraid Martin is calculating on that, and wants Alice out of the "Oh. it is dreadful! Cannot we do anything to discover if your Kuspicion is -correct, and if it Is. have Alice re moved from the Place?" said Grace. "We can only wait and watch." re plied Mrs Carruthers, gravely. Day by day news came of Alice. Either Mrs Sturt would call at the Gables, or Grace nr Mrs Carruthers called at her tfr.i ise to inquire about the invalid and lieai' tin1 doctor's report, which was nearly always the same — great lassitude and sickness. Ten days elapsed! and the hot August days had passed. Still there was not any improvement in Alice, and Di Gra hame owned that he was baffled. Mrs Piurt wanted a doctor from London,- but Martin objected, finally agreeing to 3>r Beard being summoned from York, remarking that as he 'was going to York he would bring the doctor back with him. This new doctor declared that the" sickness was caused by peveiv indigep- tion, which also accounted for the weak ness. Then, after writing a prescrip tion. lie pocketed the handsome fee Martin gave him, and went back to York, leaving dissatisfaction in . every mind save that of the Master of Old Court Place. About three days after Ills visit Grace." who was sitting near the drawing-room window, was surprised to see" the pony-- cu triage from the Place coming up the drive. "There's Alice! She must be a great deal bettei." she exclaimed; and hasten ing from the room, she readied the door by the time the carriage stopped. "Yes; I've been tver so much better both yesterday and to-day, so I drove over. I've something to show you," she raid, turning slightly, and pointing to the detective camera which was on the carriage seat. "Oh.l understand;" and Grace told the butler to bring the camera to the drawing-room. Once in that room, Alice sank breath less and exhausted on to the couch. Mrs Carruthers fetched her a glass of wine and a biscuit, after which she revived, and noticing, the expression of concern on their faces, she said; "Oh, I'm ever so much better, and it's all Martha Gee's doing." "Martha Gee," they both exclaimed. Yes; she's been studying a doctor's book, and she questioned me and found out that I was generally woive after dinner, which I take in the morning room. I lie there nearly all day, and my dinner is served on a lUtle table which is placed close to the couch. Mar tin generally comes in while I'm having some fruit. I eat more strawberries than anything now. Of course they are forced, but Martin has been very g<«nd about seeing that 1 had a liberal supply, and he generally sits and talks to me while I eat then). He has been so kind and gentle lately. "But I wn6 tellipg you about Martha. She couldn't understand how It. was that T was always worse after the fruit. So yesterday, when Martin had gone to his own dinner, she brought me some- . thing in a glass which she thought would prevent the strawberries hurt-j ing- me, and 1 didn't feel nearly so ill as usual. Then, when I had gone up stairs, she brought me another dose, and I've feje better ever since. About half an hour after she left me that poor girl came into my boudoir, where 1 was lying down on the couch. "She stole tn so quietly, and stood looking at me. Then I Pemembend about the camera, and I made the poor girl understand what I wanted, and I showed her where it was kept. < ."As -it was .then getting 'dusk, I fix ed the flashlight arrangement as you Showed me, and/ as she stood quite 'still XvatcfrlBg me. I took a snap-shot of her, and I've brought it to you.V Alice sald,i Jylife backhand panting, for-'breath with' the exertion of talking. For half an hour she rested quietly, heii its sh? felt revived "they assisted her ' to the" pony carriage, and stood -watching as she was driven slowly to the &ate.; "J wonder if Phe will ever come here again." said Graoe. as thoy re-entered the drawing-room. "Not if Martin Barron can prevent it. Fhc has one chance, however, for Mar tha Gee suspects poison, and as she Is evidently Alice's friend.. she will if pos sible prevent her master carrying out his designs: though I confess I am sur prised at her running counter to his wishes. But now I will develop this negative;" and, taking the camera with "her. Mrs Carruthers proceeded to the box -room, which had been fitted up as a dark room. Grace remained in the draning-room thinking of Alice, and wondering what would be the end of Martin's wicked ness. It made her sbudder 4o think that she had once loved' this man. Presently Mrs Carruthers entered, and Grace saw that she was very much excited. "See !" and she held the negative so that Grace could look at it "It Is Phyllis Blount; but to make sure, os there is a good light, T will take a print from It." said Mrs Carruthers. Having fixed the negative in a print ing frame, she exposed it to the strong sunlight, and very soon had a photo graph. Taking the print to Grace, she said : "It is Phyllis. She has not altered in the least; and now 1 am going to act." "What shall you do ?" inquired Grace. "I shall wash this stain off my face, remove my wig, and go dressed as I have done before; then I shall be taken for a spirit.. and may have a chance of slipping into the house." "Why do you want to get in V" "I must find out where , this girl is hidden, and then I will give information to the police." "But suppose Martin sees you. and discovers that you are not a spirit ?" "He won't: he's too conscience stric ken. But if I don't come back, you will Know where to lOek for me." Grace, didn't seem satisfied, but she only said : "When shall you 'go ?" "About nine o'clock. I shall slip out of the side door; and if I put a veil ov er my face, there will be .no danger of recognition. Then when I get near, the house T shall remove it. in order to play the ghost successfully." Seeing that it was useless, Grace -did not remonstrate, but it was with a feel ing of uneasiness that she saw her .de part about half-past eight. "I shall sit up in my chamber— I couldn't rest if 1 went to bed; so if you throw a stone at the window, T will come down stairs arid let you in." said Grace. "You know I may be very late." "Never mind. 1 shall wait up for you." Once outside the garden, Mrs Carru thers walked swiftly, and passing the principal gate she went along the road, then turned up a lane and entered Old Court Park by a side gate. The moon was not yet up. but she knew her way so well that she was able to take thcshortestcut to the house. The outer door stood open, but the glass one was closed, and Mrs Carruthers stood for one moment looking in, and then passed round to the side of the bouse until rfhe came to a glass door which opened into a room. It was in darkness — evidently it was not often used — so, turning the door handle, she entered the room. In the old days, when she had visited at the Court, she had known this room well, for It had been a favorite place with old air Barron. Many a time had she sat there while her father and he discussed politics and other subjects. Now. even in the darkness, she was able. to make straight for the door which l«?d into a side corridor. Opening it. she looked cautiously round, and. seeing there was no one about, she ascended flic staircase, and passed the rooms which she knew from Alice's description were hers. Then she turned along a corridor in the opposite direction, walking slowly, and without making the least noise, as she wore si lent shoes. At each door she paused, peering through the keyhole to see if there was the least light; but there was neither light nor sound, until she reached a door almost at the end of the corridor. Peeping through the keyhole of this, she saw it was lighted. Gently turning the handle, she open ed the door, thinking, as there was no sound, it. might be empty, and as she. glanced through the opening she found that lier supposition was correct. It was a fair-sized room, panelled from floor to roof in old oak, and the roof was of the same. The furniture ( was ancient, but comfortable, and at one side stood a large sewing machine, while a pile of linen lay on a chair near. This convinced Mrs Carruthers that she was in Martha Gee's room, as the woman was reputed to hold the post of seamstress at Old Court Place. Seeing a door at the other side of the room, she decided to continue her investigations. Entering it, she found that it was panelled exactly like the one she had left, but it was furnished as a bedroom. The only light was from one small lamp, which stood on the dressing-table. While she was gazing around her. a slight sound made her look at the op posite wall, and as she looked she saw a panel slide back. Then Martha Gee stepped out, and In an instant she had closed the panel, and, turning round, her glance fell on Mrs Carruthers. "Miss Agatha !" exclaimed the wo man. and at the same moment she fell on the floor writhing and twisting hor ribly. "An epileptic fit. Well, 1 cannot help her. and J must find out how to open this panel;" but In spite of all her en- doavors she could not discover the sec ret. and at last, seeing that Martha Gee was coming round, Mrs Carruthers left the room. Once on the landing, she had to pro ceed cautiously, but all went well, and she reached the room by which. she had entered unobserved, and was soon safely out of the house. CHAPTER XVI.— WHAT THE MIR ROR REVEALED. The church clock was chiming the half hour after eleven as Mrs Carru thers stood under .Grace's chamber window. . > , Flinging a pebble at It, she went round' to the Sid1 door, and in a minute or tiro! it was quietly opened by Grace, ari<2" they proceeded to the latter's dressing- room. Well, have you discovered any thing ?" "Yes;" and Mrs Carruthers told what she had seen. "What shall j'ou do now ?" "Give information to the police to morrow— nb, the day after. I nr?st wait until I have printed another photo graph of that girl, as I did not finish the other print." "It seems an awful thing to do, when you consider what the end of it may be. Remember, it means a shameful death to the man who was your sister's bus- band," Bald Grace, with a shudder, 4 "He killed my brother, and he ha? ruined Phyllis Blount's life, I can re member her a gay, light-hearted girl; how she is !an idiot. Then think of Alice. A few weeks longer, and the poi son may have done its work. By the way, I fijnd'out how Phyllis has man aged to escape Martha Gee's vigilance. The latter is evidently subject to epi leptic fits, and I suppose at tlmeG they must come on before she has .closed the panel." "Where do you think that opening in the wall loads to ?" inquired Grace. "To the .round, tower, which is just above there. About a hundred years ago the master of Old Court Place mur dered his wife in th tower, wherb he had enticed her, and before he could 1)0 arrested lie committed suicide. "The next owner, hearing rumors of a ghost having been soon, iir J the en trance to the tower built ujv At least, that Is what tradition says, and it was always supposed to be true; but my im pression now is that there is an entrance to it from Martha Gee's bedroom, and that Phyllis Blount Is imprisoned there. The poor girl certainly ought to be sent home to Iter parents." ""She ought to 'be arid shall," replied Grace, and, after bidding each, other ftpod night, the friends separated. "Oh, Grace, what do you think has happened ?" asked Mrs Sturt, the morn ing but one after Mrs Carruthers ad-r venture. "Something dreadful. J am afraid," Grace replied, looking anxiously at her visitor, who had burst into the drawing- room unannounced. "Dreadful ! I should think it is. and if Alice Jsn't worse it's not Martin's fault. You know she was much better the other day, and the improvement continued all yesterday; indeed. Fhe was so well in "the afternoon when I saw her that I thought she would soon be all right, and I felt quite happy and com fortable. You can ' judge of my alarm when, about eight o'clock last night, she arrived at the Lodge, accompanied' by her makl. and I found she had walk ed from Old Court Place. "She was exceedingly exhaiisM. rind burst into tears, saying that Martha was trying to poison her. Tou will un derstand. my dear. 'that whatever my own opinion might he (and I have felt suspicious) 1 didn't like her making such a statement before Jane, her maid, so ) treated ft lightly ; but this only made Alice reiterate her statement- declaring that 1 needn't mind Jane, as she had been obliged to take her intp-1 her confidence, so that she could get away without Martha knowing. "It appears, from what Allcesaid,that she felt so much better that she decid ed to dine with Martin, and. hearing of her intention, he persuaded her to have some strawbeiTles before she went up. stairs to dress. Downff placed the dish of strawberries, and the sugar and cream on a 'little table, which stood l>e- hind the couch on which Alice reclined. "Now it happened that a small mir ror had that morning been placed on the wall opposite. Jane had found it in one of the attics, and, thinking it was something uncommon, she bad brought it to her mistress, who told the housekeeper to have it placed in the. small drawing- room. "Happening to raise her eyes, she saw, reflected in the mirror, Martin in the act of shaking the contents of a pa per over some strawberries, which he had placed on a plate, and the awful look of diabolical triumph on his face made her shiver, and, turning' round, she seized the plate, exclaiming : "What have you put on the straw berries ?" " 'Sugar, of course,- lie said, still hold ing the plate, and at the. same time sprinkling some sugar over them. " 'It wasn't sugar, it was poison:' and before he realised her intention she had crossed towards the door, and, going to her dressing-room, she rang for her maid. After revealing to the girl what had happened, she told her to bring her hat and. cloak, and in a few minutes they left the house by a side entrance,. Of course, owing to Alice's weakness, , it had taken them some time to reach Stonebank Lodge. "After hearing- all this. I comforted the poor girl, and assisted the maid to get her into bed. Then, just as I came downstairs, Martin appeared, and I ne ver «aw a man -look like he did. His face was ghastly white, and his eyes seemed to glare when he asked if Alice had come:liome. X ' "'Yes; arid' I don't intend to let her return to the Place,' I said. " 'What do you mean ?' he 'asked, as he followed me to the drawing-room. " T mean that a man who tries to poison his wile isn't- a safe person to live with.' " 'So she's been telling you that rub bish ? She!s out of her mind, and - 1 shall take steps to put her in an asy lum.' (To be Continued"1 