;i - tfisheks ghostv; .'?'.' i .'.:.- ? ? '/Continued). ?'? ? lbs fallowing is the beat Btory we bare ?sen published oar the, subject of Fisher's ghost. It is from' the pen of John Lang, and^ifl Tory .interesting ; oot- only ? to ihose who remember tht tragedy upon which the gtory -u Iboruied, but to tho younger genera tion who mayVot have had an opportunity before of reading it : — THE GHOST UPON THE BAIL. OIIAPTBR Til. Biding away 'from Fisher's lute abode, Mr. Oox was somowhat. perplexed. That power, of attorney, drawn up' so formally, and .signed by Fisher in the presence of ?uoh' creditable ^witnesses, and then tho letter written, signed in tht samo way by ths'same' hand, were! alL in favour of the presumption, that. Fisher bad gone to Eng ? land, leaving his friend— and neighbour Smith iin: charge; .of his property, real and personal. But then, there were the re mains ! And that they were the remains of Fisher, Mr. Cox firmly believed: ' When he hadreturnod to. tho pond, by a circuitous route, Mr. Cox ordered the blacks to etrip from a blue gum tree, with their tomahawks, a large sheet of bark. Upon this the ro maios were 'placed; carried straightway to Fisher's Uo'use: (Mr. Cox,!.' upon' horseback, beading this party); and placed . in.thb ror andah. While this proceeding' was in pro* gress Mr. Smith carat out, aim wore upon his .countenance an expression of surprise, astonishment, wondor. But there was no thing in that. The most innocent man in tho world would be surprised, astonished, and in .wonderment on beholding auch a spectacle. ........ ':Wh«t is this, Mr. Cox?' he said. ' The last that'I hare heard and seen of Mr. Fisher, was the reply.' ' . 'Of Mr. Fisher, sir!' 'Thesewbrohisoldclothes,''saidMr.Smith, examining thorn cnrefully ; ' most certninly this was. the. old: suit ho used to wear. But'OS for the body,' it can't be his ; for ho is alive,' as you have soen by ?' his ; letter. TheVe old clothes ho must linyo givon away, as tie did many other old tilings, the day bs fore', he left this; and the inhu to whom ho gave -'em to mtiBt have .beon murdnred.' ' Do you think ho could hare given away this ,knifo?V said David Weir. ' To my knowledge, lio had it for better than twelve years;! and of ton have ? I hoard him cay - ho would not port with it for £50:' ' 'Give' it away? Yes!' said' Smith. ' Didn't he givo awoy his old saddle and bridle ? : ; Didn't he give nwny his old spurs ? Didn't he give away a cow and n calf?'.' '??He was h good man, nnd; an honost man, and a very fair-dealing man, nnd in his lattor days a very, righteous . nnd . godly man, but he was not a giying-awhy 'nian by any manner of moans;' 'returned old David. ?' And if he gave away these boots,' said Hamilton, ' they were a very good fit for the man who received them.' 'This man, whoever hoiis, was murderod, no doubt,' said Mr. Smith, with iho most imperturbable countonanco and the coolest manner. 'Juetlookat this crack in his skull, Mr. Cox.' ' Yes; f: have seon that,' said tho magis trate. ';'-;??.. ' And that's when poor Fisher's ghost had it,' said old David. . :- ' FisherVghost,' said Mr. Smith. ' What An vnti rhnnn TJVniV?' J- -. ' ? - . ' 'Why,|the ghost that I have twico seen sitting on1 the rail not far 'from tho old bridge at tho bottom of the hill yonder.' 'Ghost! you .have' seea' a ghott, have you ?' rotorned Mr. Smith, giving Mr. Cox a very ouhnifigi and expressive look. ..' Well, I have heard that ghosts' do 'visit those who have sent them. out bflth,is'w«rIdL a|dldaro say Mr. Cox his heanuiieiMpi& Im, if I had boon you, I'd hove : henflyl tot%uo about a ghost (for ghosts are only! the crea tures of 'our ^consciences) for : fear of being taken iuoharge;'' ? ~ ? 'Z taken m charge !' said old Weir. 'No, no ! my conscience is dear, and what I have seen and said TJI nwoar to. Where aver I go, I'll toft about it up to my dying hour. That was* th« ghost of Mr. Fishor that I saw, and these aro the remains of his body.'..)],. '.?'.;.? ? : ? t, /;,,:' . 'If I were Mr. Cox, a magistrate,' said Mr. Smith, ' I. would give you in charge.' ' I will not do v that, !Mr! Smith;' replied Mr. Oox, ' I fool that nay duty compols me to give you in 'custody of this rJolice-ofHc'cr.' ' For what, sir ?' ' On a chargo of wilful murdBri Hamil ton I'. 'Yes, sir.''; ' ' 'Manacle Mr. Smith, and toko him to Penrith.' ? ?: ??? ? ' Mr. Sniith. hold up, his wrists with tho uir of an injured' and pure-minded man, who was so satisfied of his innoconro that he was prepared fonthe strictostr investigatioff'into his csnduet,.and.had'DO-dread- as to there Bult. V ' -. U11A1TBR VIII. ? ... A coroner's inquest was held on1 tho re mains found in the pond, and a verdict of ' Wilful Murder ',' was returned against Edward Smith. ? The jury also found that the remains wore those of John Fisher, al beit they were ,so frightfully. decomposed that personal identification was out of all question, . : ? ? Thetesselib whichFisherwai reported to have left Sydney happened to be in the har bour. The captain and officers were interro gated, and in reply to the , quesiion,— ' Did a mail named John Fisher go home in your vessel?' the reply was 'Yns, and on the Custom house officers coming on board as usuakto look at the passengers andJsearch the Jhipi to see that no conviots were at tempting' to make their escape, he produced bio parchment certificate of freedom, 'in' whioh thero was a doscriptiott of his person.' _ 'Anddid tbo; man answer exactlv to that description f' ? ? 'las, nuking allowance for his years, on looking at the date of the certificate. If he had not, he would,: have, been detained, as many conviots have been.' hi ' Au?' uriug the Toya?e di4 he. taIk of ' Frequently ? ho said that he was a far ? mcr near Peurithj. that afterhe/servod his time, he went to work,' earned some monev rented a farm, |thoa bought it,, aad fiy indostry «nd perseverance had made 'a'for- tWM. ' fHo^rftor' °8Dtion; a- Mr- B^* '???'?.r''2''?ll''. '?0''1'd liohadlefteverythinirin Mr. Smith's hands, and that he d»notlke taseU his property till he saw how he should like England after «- long an absence. He1 -further naid that if he.did, not come book to the colony, he would have all his Jiroporty sold off and join some trading .firm sin his ownoountry.' X\ '.-'? \ ,; The solioitor who had prepared tbe.power of attorney, and witnessed- it| said, thnt a porsuo representing himself as John Fishor, ?of;Buskdalo, in the (district'' of Penrith, came to them and gavo instructions for the dodd; and after it was duly executed, took it away with him, and requested that a copy might be made and kont in their office, which was done accordingly. In poymont of tho bill, twbnty 'dollars' (£5 ourrbrioy), lio gavo a thoquebnthe'bankof Now South, Wales, whioh.wWoashoa' 6n:prosentation j .that tho man whoporoprosonted himself as John Fisher was a man of about fortv-six or forty-oight yoars of ngo, about fivo fent eight inches in height; and rathdr stout; had light-bliiooyoj, sandy hair, nnd whiskers pirtially gray, a low but intelligent f oi ehoad, and arathqr reddish nose. ? This description answorod exactly that of Mr. Fisher at the timo of his departuro from the colony. . ; The cashier of the bank showed the cheque for 20 dollars. Mr. Fishor had an account thoro, and drow out his bslanco, £200— not iu person, but by a cheque— two dayH pro vious to his dlloged departuro. Ho had wriiten soveral letters to tho bank, and on comparing those letters with tho lottor Mr. Smith said ho had received from England, thpycorrespondod exactly. ' ' ??!???''?? Opinion was very much divided in the colony with respect to ' Mr. Smith's guilt. Numbors of persons who know the man, and had dealings with him, thought him in capable of committing such a crimo, or any heinous offence, in fact. Tho records wore looked into,.''to ascortain of what offence ho had boon convicted originally. ; It was for emhozzling the sum of twenty- two shillings and foiirponco, which had beon entrusted to him when ho was ani apprentice . fo'r*'his man, and florist. As for the story about tho ghost, very, very fow put any trust in it. Bulwor was then a vory young gentleman, nnd had never dreamt of writing about Eugene Aram ; mor had Thomas Hood con templated his exquisite littlo poem on tho same subject.. Nor .had the mnrdor of the Bed Barn been brought to' light through' tho agency of a dream. Tho only instance of ghosts coming to givo evidenco of murder wcio thoso of Bnnquo and Hamlot's father; and Shakospoare was not considered an authority to be relied upon in such a case as that of Fisher. Smith's house and premises, as woll'as thoso of Fisher, worn searched in tho hope of finding apparel, or some gdrmohts stained with blood, but in vain. Nor did tho inspection of Smith's letters and papers disclose aught that strongthonod the caio against him. On tho contrary, his nccounte touching Fisher's property wore kept on tiroly distinct from his' own, and in the following description : — Sopt. 0. Wrote to Fisher to say P. has paid lopt?27. °Keceivedrfl78l(ls. from Wilson for year a rent of Fisher's houso in Caetloroagh stroet'' ?::?'?.? ,',????' ':,..'.. Nov. 12. Paid Baiter £3 12s duo to him by Fiahor for bullbik chains: ' : '' . '- No case had ever before created, and pro bably never will again create, so groat a with the belief that Weir was thomurderor of tho man who wore Fisher's clothes, credit hid given thorn away. Many othors were of opinion that tho remains woro thoso of FiBhor, and the man who murdered him had robbed him of his certificate of freedom,, as well as of tho cash aud papors he had-'abbu't him, and thon representing Fishor, had got out of tho colony, and made Smith a dupo. OKArTEH IX., Tho anxiously-looked-forday of trial came. Tho court was crowded with persons in ovory grado of society, from the highest to the very lowest. Mr. Smith stood in tho dock as firmly 'and as composedly as though ho had boeh'.arraigned-'for a mere libel,, or a common assault — the ponalty of conviction nut exceeding a fine and a fow months' im prisonment. . . ; Tho caao 'was * opened 'by '' the' 'AttornoyV Goneral with the greatest fairness imagin able, and when tho witn'essos'gaVe their ovi donco (Woir, Hamilton, Williams, and Mr. Cox), every ono appearod to hold his breath. Smith, who. defended, himself, cross-oxa-. mined them all with 'wonderful tact arid1 ability ; and, at tho conclusion of the case for the prosecution; addressed tho jury at uonBidorable length, and with no mean amount of eloquence.- . The judge' then summed up. His Honor was thn last man in the world'to believe in suporoatural appearances i but ; with; tho ability and fairness that charaqtonsod his caroor in the colony, he weighed tlio. proba bilities and improbabilities with thogroatost nicoty. To detail all the points : taken : by tho j udgo would he tedious ; but if his charge' had any loaning one way or, other, it was in favour of the prisoner; The jury in those days was not composed of the people,' but of military olhcors belong ing to the regiment quartered in tho colony.' Thoso gentlemen] in. ordinary cases, did not give much .of their' minds to the point at issue. Some of them usually-' threwthom-' selvos book, and shut their, eyes— not to think, but 'nod.' Others , whispered. to eaoh other, not about the guilt or innocence of the prisoner at tho bar, but about their own affairs; whilst those -who 'had any talont for drawing, exercised it by sketching the scene, or taking ths likonoss of the prisoner, the witnesses, tho counsel, the shoriff, and -the judge.. But; in this case they seemingly devoted all their energies, in order to. /enable themf to I arrive at tho truth. To every word that fell from tho judge during his charge, ' whioh lasted over two hours, they listened with breathless at tention, and when it was concluded, thoy re quested permission to. retire to consider their verdict. ; This, was- at .half-past fivo in the afternoon of Friday,' arid not untila quarter to eleven did the jury return into Court, and retake their places in the box. The oxoitoment that prevailed was intonso, and when tho' murmurs in the crowd) so common upon such occasions, had subsided, amidst awful stillness the prothonotary put that all-momentous question, . ' Gontlomon of the jury, what say you ? Is tho prisoner, at the bar guilty, or not guilty.' With a firm, clear voice,- tho foroman, a captain in the army, uttered the word — 'GUILTY!' Murmurs of applauee from sotnou aud of disapprobation ?: from ' others,' instantly re sounded through th'e hall of justice.' From the reluctant manner in which the judgo ' put the black oap upon his head, it was evi dent that' ho waB not altouothor satisfied with bha fldding of, the -jury. He hod, however, no Blternativo ; nnd; in the usual formal manner, he sentoncqd tho prisoner to be hanged on tho followimg Monday morn ing, at 8-o'clock.' :; ' ' Smith heard the sentence without moving a siriglo musclei'br betraying atiy-species of emotion, and left tho dock with as firm a Rton as thnt n-hioh ho omnlovod when enter ing it. His domonnour throughout tho trial, andaftor ho. was. oontoncod, ..brought ovor many who previously thought him guilty to a belief in his innoconoo, and a pe tition to tho governor to sparo his life was speedily drafted and numorously signed. It was rumoured that tho chiof-justico who triod the case had als.imade a similar recom theroto, had ordered ft reprieve to be made out ; but not to bo dnhvored -.to the sheriff till 7 o'olock ouMondayi'moruing. It was further stated that the governor was of opinion that tho finding of the jury was a correct one. The pross of the colony did not load, but fell into, the' most popular opinion, that it .would bo tantamount to murder to take away tho life of any human beiug upon such ovidouco as that given on tho trial. OHArTEIl ,X. - : ? ? : , On tho Monday morning, so'early as'half past six, tho rncks which ovorloolicd tbo lail-yard in Sydney, nnd commnndod a good viow of tho gallows, wero crowded with per sons of the lower orders, and when, a little boforo seven, tho hangman came out to sus pond the ropo to tho beam, and make other preparations,' he was hailed with loud hisses nnd execrations ; so emphatio was the de monstration of tho multitude in favour of tho condomnod man. By seven o'clock tho sheriff or any other functionary was seen in Miu uuurb-yuru, tuu yuim wilu wmcu ' uu wua greeted woro something torrific. At five minutes to eight, tho culprit was led forth, and at tho foot of the gallows and noar his coffin (according to? thVcustom pre vailing in tho colony), was pinionod, prepara tory to ascend ing the ladder. Whilst this cere mony was being performed, Iho shouts of the populaco woro deafening. 'Suntno'! Shamo! Shame! Hang Woir! Ho is, the guilty; man ! This is a murdor ! a horrid murder !' Such wero tho ejaculations that resounded from ovory corner of that dense, mob ns-. somblod to witnoss the execution '; while the calm and submissive manner in which Smith listened to the reverend gentleman who attended ': him in his ilost ' moments, heightened rather than suppressed thepopu lar clamour. At one minute past eight the fatal bolt was drawn, and Smith, af tor struggling for about half a minuto, was dead ! Whereupon the mob ronowod-tboir yollsi oxecrdtions,- hisses,' and cries of 'Shamo! Shame! Shame! Murder! Murder! Murder!' These noises could' not recall' to lifo Mr. Smith. Ho had gone to his account, ant' after hanging an houi, his body whs out down ; the coffin con taining it conveyed, in an uncovered cart, to Slaughtor-houso Point (the last resting place of all great criminals), and the grave filled in with quick lime. Thero. was a gloom over Sydney until the evening, at. half- past six. o'clock. Al most evoryoho was now disposed to think that the blood of an ipijocont man had been shed. ' Tho witnesses, woro all perjured, not oxcopting Mr. Cox'i.T 'the, jury wore a parcel of fools;' and 'tho governor, who' who would not liston^-to tho judge,- a bard-* hoarted and cruel man.' Such'Svere tho 'opinions that were curront* froro~o.no end'of Sydney to tho other But at the hour abovo mentioned— half-past six ' in tho evening — tho public mind was disabused of its orrnnesus idea. ' At that hour it became generally known that on the previous night Mr! Smith had sent for tho Rev. Mr. Cooper, and to that gentleman bad confessed that he deserved the fato that awaited him ; that for moro than two years he hul contemplated tho murdor of John Fisher for the eal*\f his wealth, which was equal to £23,000 ; that thel man /who had personated Fishor and executed fhe power of attorney, had gone' to England; and'written tlfdnce the letter upon which he so much relied in his defence, was a convict who respmbled the deceased in person, arid' to whom^ ho' (Smith) gave Fisher's certifioato of froodoin ; that it was his (Smith's) intention to Iiave;lefUh» colony as soon as tlie proceeds of tho sale' came into bin poseessiq-] — partly because he longed to' load the last portion of his life in England, butchiofiy hocnusofrom tho day ohi which ho committed . tho murdor ho had; boon haunted by that ghost which old-Weir had truly. 'sworn ho saw sitting on the rail ; that tho deed was dono by a single blow from a tomahawk,' and' that' tho decoasod never spoke after it was inflicted;' He protOBtod that the man who had personated Fisher, in- respect to the. execution of'th'o power of attorney, and .who hnd escaped from the colony,- was ignorant of his ;(Snith's) in tention to murder Fisher; and. that the England waB only a copy ''of 'one 'which he (Smith) had told him to despatch a fow mbnthB after ho had arrived 'at 'home.' Ho : concluded by saying that since he struck Fisher that fatal blow hislifbhad been a burden to him, much as he had struggled to'disguiso his feelings, and put: a bold front on the matter ; and that be would much rather, sinco'ho had ' beon convicted, suffer death than bo reprieved— although ho hoped that until aftor the broath had luff his body his confession would bo kept 