FROZEN FACTS. NovA ocorti and British Cdlumbia furnish most of the Canadian coal. MiADAME ALcANI began learning muai0 when she was only four years old. IT is a remarkable fact that the deepeat parts of the sea are in nall cases very near the land. IT has been computed thit one of ovary ighteeon inhabitants of Germany is a sol dier. TIn, Japanese beliove in ghosts, and plo torically represent themn as pale-faced wonln with hair hanging over their eyes. BULLOaKS have no foreboding or fear of death. thboy will witness their companions belng killed, and yet goan placidly eating and drinkinlg. GneesweCH records show that for 14 yearn there Ils been an average of but 0O hours of unshineo iin London il December. - Ix China a man may wear the mo' i gar ments for a liftlinmo without being out of . otyle, so little does ltho fashion chanigo. IT is reported that sine tlihea Czar an nounced hlia iltentiotin of niintalninog auto crati rule in Russia hlie has boeen lhe reecipientt of numerous Nihilist threatas midnminlfeoas toes. Is China the " ju ming" or" milk nanme ," is changed upon the child starilingto school. and again upon marriage, or in the uavent of selecting a trade or occupation.: - riArrf Tics of lifo insurance show that in tihe last 23 years the average of ipan's lifolhas increased 5 per cont., or two whole years, from 1419 to .1390. Anorr two hundreedweight of water from St. Winifred's Well at. lHolywell is, it is understood, poated every night inn sCaled cans to alLpartauaLthuicounitryi-,tiiaeriot and the- - colonies. - Is Brussels during tlhe winter the esulptors often make statues out of noow. TIThe are exhibited in the publia parks, ano the pro coeds from the ltickets uar given to the poor. ''ire temperature of the planet Neptnno is beleived to he abntt 1900 degrees below tile, zero of lirenheit, whllilo that of 3Mercury is. much too high to admit of a lonibility of air-breathing aunimala inhabiting it. Itmenrad, opinion, eorrjnoms the rage forcyed ing amongst women; declaresn that the exer cise is peculiarly harmful for young girls, and thaltit is a fruitful source of consumption and heart comlplaint. Tlte cot of thlie Marseilles nd Ilhone Canal in estimated at 80,0ll0,000 franes, half of whichl in to be providedl y the Slate and half ly the city andl the Department. It will be 33 miles ill length, inclading a tunnel four miles long. Acv.itci, is certainly the land of promise for women. Maiss Elizabeth Fleming has been Oppointed crier of thi UnitleN Staten District Court at Portland, whilst io Kentucky a Mielns Tompkins has been appointed A.aieatnt Manr shall of the United States Suplrone Court. TirE Brazilian soldier at the p lrewmt tiny t. extremely well paid compared with EuIrlpean sohliers. A private soldier's nemnthly pay is £1 Is., with Governmnent rations, or £3 lO?. if hoe lids his own rations, whiTl a second lieutenant is paid .d5 Ills, a ounmth, and £5 extra when actually in the field. Iris a strange fact that while the teeth of the negroonthel old plantations were remarki. able for their whiteness, those of the freed negro of the present day are in n finfllnitely worseo condition than those of lis white brother. Thisis owing entircly to Iih ehlng, of diet and the colunred manans weakness for sweetmenoas. Ir is well known that oatmeal and bran have a most softening influnee poen tine skin, anid if there is roueghlness it should b1, insed in prfereference to op, eslhelUilly whereo there Is inly tendoency to skill disease. Soup Irritates, whilst oatmeal anl birait have a healing effect, and alsoi alloy thelinteinso itch lug. Sin HIononr Rhwrimsonos Inanoerr forgolf?en that in early lifheIn was it alelnmnson. On onl oenlson, while paol;ing throgh Chaorley with a friend, hlo luiltem l to a stole and ihl, "That step in well sot, don't you think?" "leoun nholnh I know?" retlorteld hlis e - piilln-a well-knorn lawyer, ,y thl way. "1 hd," wastir ltobert's rejounler, "boeeans I net It nmyelf." 'O'lie Japanenn infantry Is said to ie 0s1p. plied with shirts nr nd dtrawors e of paper, of ioulln nllOt lll as Celnnnmonnl"y used Il lillurope, lent a yellowish paler onf uch lennelaty as to bear mainllg button-loles in It lih solme ae iin linen. 'The varinu parts of the arnnentlls area partly stlank together and partly i wn mby mnlihinuo or halni, and proviled willhl lor?lalil bullttonsll. Tune Cihhoines are togarded by some travel. lorin lmonlg the ano thle lpollitet penple ion earthm, Finr inllltlnc, in anilhrlolrnitg ia plerflI stranger, n Chinnlann11 nonnIIIenil'I h1is Iltter, "My nldint brothr." Thie lotter l ontal s such a phrase an "illny all tine biieinngs of life hI showered upon you, suih I ihe wilth ofyoulr Imbcole junior." In hlpahig if hii, own family, lithe writer ay", " \We a?ons." The address nin the hup if tln hltr ?ns,,l " From tny hunbln nn ahln Io ti glorihnin 'nlune, of PIir?s for liy chler hether," anl lhi prahmn in lI, "iiny ,i3 x.,illh.nt s.d lateo. vount brother whmioniccds the atatlaae of havilahi,' 