WHEELING KACKS. After a lapse of six years the Frogling people have again revived racing in their midst, and held one of their popular race meetings on AVednesday on the old course in Mrs. Jones's paddock. Every prepara tion had been made for providing a good day's outing, and fair prizes were offered as inducement to ownersof steeds to compete. The committee "were jnot disappointed in their expectations, for when the nomina tions came to band there were sixteen for the Plying Handicap, eleven for the Free | ling Handicap, and nine for the Hardies. The acceptances also proved very satis j factory, as also did the post entries, nine I starting for tbe Maidens. Although the -weather was very oppressive the attendance | -was good, there being .'over 400 people on. the ground, and ihfl number of ladies grouped on the "lawn " arrayed in their light summer costumes gave quite a pleas ing appearance to the course. Among those on the ground were Sir Jenkin Coles, M.P., and Messrs. D. Moody and P. W. Paech. Things were kept lively all day by the bookmakers and side shows, of which there were a number. The racing was of a good description, and some of the runs were very fast. Fenton. was a hot favorite for the double, and althongh be managed to get home comfortably in the Freeling Handicap, he was nowhere in the Flying, The Ceres scoring after a splendidly con- 1 tested race with Banker and Gay Boy. j The Hardies proved a one-horse race. There ■were four starters, but 'only two got over the jump, Leo and The Goat, but after that . Leo refused to take th&'jumps until he had two or three tries at each. The Goat took every jump nicely, and won by about half a-rnile. A protest w£s entered against Little Lad in the Consolation for running inside the post. - He can a splendid race right through, having a very bad start. Bie committee and stewards are to be con gratulated on the success of the meeting. Mr. Hobbs made an energetic secretary,, and carried out all the duties satisfactorily, while Messrs. John Moyle's and C. Francis' decisions in judging were accepted without a single dispute. Mr. J. M. Ford acted efficiently as starter. Mrs. Jones, of tbe Freeling Hotel, had a booth on the ground, and supplied the thirsty souls with refresh ments. The following are particulars of the racing:— ■ Maidens, 1 mile; 3 so vs. "Weight for age. Mr. J-Kelly's Sweet Marie, 8st lOlbs ... X Mr. B. Murphy's Foamflake, 7st 81bs ... 2 Mr. Hogan's Darkness, 8st lOlbs... ... 3 Other starters—Ripple, Firefly, Kererie, Necktie, St. Helena, aftd Lady Alice,, all carrying 8st .i01bs. Mr. Ford got the big field away to a fair start. After going a. few chains Sweet Marie took up the running, with theothers close upon her. Foamflake then parted from the others and -pulled up close to Sweet Marie, between'Which a close spurt fcr home took place, Sweet Marie winning by about a length. Httedlbs, If miles; 5 sovs. Mr. W. Kelly's The Goat, 9st 1 Mr. J. O'Donnell's Leo, 10st-5ibs... ... 2 Other starters—Gay Boy, 3st 71b ;: Marco, Set 7 lbs. All four got away together and 'made straight for the sticks, Leo and The Goat being the only ones to get over. Leo baulked at the next jump, being badly ridden, while The Goat jumped splendidly, and won in a canter. Freeling Handicap, 1£ miles -7 sovs. Mr. M. O'Dea's Fenton, 9st 3lbs X Mr. F. Kingston^ Banker, Sst Slbs ... 2 Mr. J. Eliery's Little Lad, Sst 3 Other starters—Bomba, Sst; The Ghost 7st81bs._,. 'i- - - -- • After a long delay at the post a good start was made with. Little Lad and Fenton slightly in the lead. Little Lad parted company with Fenton and led up past the grand stand and about three parts around, where Fenton put on some good pace and took.the lead. Banker then came up from the field in good style, and on entering the stragbt for home afine race ensued for second place between he and Little Lad, the latter being beaten by about a length. Distbict Plate. 1 mile ; -i sovs. Mr. H. Mattiske's Ceres ... .... ... 1 Mr. G. Heinjus's Bomba ... ... ... 2 Mr. T. Shannahan's Crusader ... ... 3 Only three started for this race, and at tbe first it was seen that Ceres was a " dead bird" for it. The running was very fast, and the liorses kept the positions above named all through. Flying Handicap, $ mile; 4 sovs. Mr. H. Mattiske's Tim Ceres, Sst 21b ... 1 Mr. F. Kingston's Banker, Sst 101b ... 2 Mr.C. Koch's Gay Boy, Sst. ... ... 3 Othei-starters.—Fenton, Sst 5lb; Modesty, 7st 81b ; Emiline, 7st: Bessie, 7st. Fenton was hot favorite for this race, but failed to get a good start. Banker leading off kept the position for a time, bat The Ceres slipped in and made the pace too hot for theothers, passing the judges- in good style with a coupif of lengths to spare with Banker second and Gay Boy third. Consolation-, 1 mile; 2 sovs. Mr. B. {McHugh's The Ghost, 7st ... 1 Mr. 31. O'Dea's St. Helena, 8st ... ... 2 Mr. C. Koch's Gay Boy, 7st XOlb ... 3 Other starters.— Little Lad, 8st Gib; Marco, 7st Marco led the field for about a quarter of a mile, with Little Lad a long way in the rear. Marco soon fell ofF, The Ghost and St. Helena taking the lead, Little.Lud coining npveiv fast. On entering the straight a splendid race ensued in which Little Lad showed up well, passing tho field, but had the misfortune to run inside a post. It was a close finish, with Littli Lad first, The Ghost second, and St. Heli-tia third. A protest was entered against Little Lad for running inside the post, and was upheld by the stewards. Little Lad therefore" for feited the race. 