KIAG rREMPEH THE HOB BIBLE. \- However much to may detest war, it i gratifying to recognise the fact that :ft Ashanti campaign has been a service t humanity. King Prempeh was one of ti; three or four moat appalling monsters whom the British Government has fcsi relations within the last twenty years. When on the 20th of January PretEpei did homage to Governor Maiwe!!, kneel ing on a biscuit box, whilst his Eseei' lency sat on another—it was not mere'." a black king who passed away, but a whcle atrocious system of blood, torture, ss* state sorcery,\that had endured from imme morial time. . The name Kmnassi .njeacs 'the . death place:'77So ;numerou3 were Prempeh's executioners that two ffhde streets of the town were set apart for then to live in/ One of the streets was occupied by the executioners of men, women asi children doomed to.besacrificed. In spited' the Wolseley treaty, human Sacrincas'-K'e"* never stopped in Ashanti. As the faitvejt festival, human beings were s»eriti«:ed-:othe spirits. Whenever the King made a pilgrim age to his ancestral ghost?, he sacnnceJ twenty men, hacking their heads off on tbe edge of his execution Sow], a vessel five feet across. ■ The.blood of the victims was allowed to"putrefy in the bowl, and leaves of «rt.v.a herbs being ^dded, it :was considered 3 verr valuable fetish medicine. When a.;gt«: personage died, two of his household slay€= were at once killed on the threshold of tie door, in order to attend their master me diately in his new life, and his grave afterwards lined with the bodies of wen slaves wrho were to form his retinue in J-1 spirit world. Sometimes the slaves, or tree people kidnapped for the purpose, *i!i buried alive with the dead personage. girls were killed to accompany their 'njistre^ into the other world. : Great number T£te sacrificed when a king died. " When 3 wa3 kidnapped for sacrifice, he was with a knife run through his cheeks. The-s frightful customs of the Ashanti capital wert observed by every kinglet in the Ashanti em pire. Executions were decreed on any pretest- ; It is even said that on one occasion he (K,n? Prempeh) preferred a richer color in the stucco on-the walls-of the palace, and j«Jj for this purpose the blood of four hunot" virgins was used. How to Digest Chocolate.— ^s ansti-^ j the French are in ad ranee of U3 in tp®; ; application of the chemistry of food. Tnt- i little school children may be seen daily enM ; ing a luncheon of a piece of bread or a llJ £ roll or croissant with a bar of plain chocol*- > ».. not creams, and nothing is more nouns'® -J. fur " them, while French, Italians * > Spaniards alike dip bread into their mors!^ cup of chocolate. The fact is that s-''j i' like bread itself, requires for its assiraus j the chemical action produced by mastics i p — i.e., the saliva of the mouth as well as ; action of the stomach. Thus chocolatee* . can be digested by those to whom a quickly drunk is.poison. [S ;■ Ax AxecI'OTE*or the'Late SikB*- ^ Fkv.re.—A capital story of the lateSir^ ' ; Frere was told by Mr. Mark Guy Pearse_ other day at a meeting in Capetown. - story was much appreciated by the aadie ' .. for Sir B.irtle Frere was much rnore pop.^ amongst the British element in South than with thoauthnritics at Home. -*cc0' n1 to Mv Pearse. Lady Frere told a boy eeir • to meet Sir Bartle at a wayside^statton. ^ how shalll know him (' asked the ;i easily cnouyh,' her ladyship replied. out for someone who is helping ^ else.' The boy saw a oentlen; .n j old lady out of a third-class carrwg1 busyinghi.uself with the muliidudeoi P ,'^jj Approaching the gentleman, the boy he was Sir Battle, and the rc-p'y ,r'v5 affirmative. 