SOUND THE WORLD. ? ♦ ? T- THE New York ' Commercial Chronicle ' gives a summary of the world's gold production in 1895, from, ?which, it appears, that the total wa« .£41,005,000. For the five years ended December last the aggregate output of gold is reckoned at .£166,988,000, and this compares with only ?£104,359,000 for the five years ended with 1885,and .£113.009,000 for the following five years. Tbe last quinquennial period has, consequently, seen a marked increase in the world's available sup ply of goia. The United States have contributed thfeir part to this increase, thanks to the diver sion of labor from silver mining to gold; bat the largest share in the augmented 'production has come from South Africa, whose output was worth only .£122,000 in 1887, as compared with .£9,000,000 odd for the year just ended. Since 1888, in fact, when the value of the gold won in South Africa first reached .£1,000,000, the Pro gress of its mining industry has been enormous. The value of the product rose first to .£3,000,000 in 1891, became £4,887,000 in 1802, JE5,867,000 in 1893, .£7,924,000 in 1894, and over £9,000,000 last year. Such remarkable progress has had a stimu lating influence on gold mining everywhere, and we find the Australasian colonies now turning out upwards of 2,200,000oz of fine gold, as com pared with less than 1,500,000 in 1891. There promises soon to be more of the metal in stock than the world can make any good use of. THE number of emigrants who left Irish ports last year was 48,934, or 10,7 per 1000 of the esti mated population of Ireland in the middle of the year, being an increase of 12.975 as compared with the number of 1894, which was the lowest for any year since the collection of these returns began in 1851. The number of males last vear was 21,572, and of females 27,362. The total number of emigrant natives of Ireland who left Irish ports lroin May 1, 1851 (the date at which the collection of these returns began) to December, 31, 1895, is 3,651,128. of whom 1,917.075 rrere males and 1,734,053 females. A FINE young female gorilla, from the French Congo, and snpposed to be three or four years old, arrived at the London Zoological Garden! recently. Her attitude in walking is very far from tiemg erect, and the- fore part of the body is supported on the backs of the fingers of the closed hands. For this reason it is difficult to estimate her measurement very closely, but it is probably a little under 4ft. One need only look at the muscular development of the new arrival to sea what great strength an adult gorilla must possess. In one respect the new gorilla confirms Du Chaillu's reports — that is, with regard to* the habit oi this creature of dramming with its fists on its breasts, though in the present case it won id seem to express pleasure, and not auger, as the French traveller took it to mean. Her general color is blackish, and her face by no means unpleasing, though not so human as that of the chimpanzee, which itands at the head of the anthropoid apes. When she was turned out of her travelling box she care fully explored her new dwelling, and qnietly tested the strength of the front, as if weighing the chances of getting out. but the front had been strengthened by stout battens nailed across, and, apparently satisfied that there was uo way to freedom, she settled down contentedly. Much of her time is passed sitting on the floor of her cage, with a rug drawn over her legs. A EEC EN T arrival at the menagerie of the London Zoological Society is a specimen, of the Klipspringer, or ' jumping mountain goat,' the first specimen of its kind ever exhibited at Regent's Park. The animal is a diminutive African antelope, and lives in broken rocky country, where it equals the chamois in its power of leaping from crag to crag. The Klipspringer is in body about the 'size or a hare and is olive in color. It is chiefly to be met with through out Eastern .Africa, and northwards as far as Abyssinia, in which country it is found at an elevation of from 8000ft to 9600ft above sea level. Of late years it has become somewhat scarce at the Cape, but formerly was so plen tiful that its hair was used largely for saddle stuffings. AMIDST the desert of municipal poverty in America there are one of two small oases which deserve attention. One is the city of Lancaster, in Ohio, which owns its natural gas. Nothing : could be more raasonaole than that the State or | the cities should be owners of the natural gas ! which serves as fuel, lighting, and driving power. j Lancaster originally bought the concern trom a | company, and 'the management was placed in the hands of three trustees elected by the people for three years. The municipality has How been supplying the citizens with natural gas for seven ] years at: a cost to the consumer less than half that i which is charged in other gas towns. The city ! now owns ten good wells, with a total capacity j of 25,'000,000 cubic ieet of gas per day, of which not more than one-eighth is needed, the balance being shut in. The citv permits its consumers to burn gas without meter at the following charges: Cooking stoves, Idol per month; heat ing stoves, Idol per month from October to May, and without cost during the summer months. , The gas burns day and. night in the houses, ! offices, and stores, keeping the house at an even temperature -without the care, labor, or dirt which accompanies the nee ot coal, and at about half the cost. No fuel but natural gas is used in the city. AT a recent exhibition of utensils in the Palais de l'ludustrie. in Paris, a large number of do mestic appliances worked by electricity were shown in action, but perhaps the most novel was a dish-cleaner. The plates travel between pairs of wet brushes, und after being thoroughly cleaned in this way fall into a tank of water, from which they are removed. The brushes are revolved by means of the belt and pulley, which derive their motion from a email electric motor, and 2000 plates can be washed per hour in this way. AT Portland, Maine, tke other day the Eev. Samuel E. Pearson was a witness in a divorce caee. ' Mr. Pearson,' asted the judge, ' were you on this bench in my place and acquainted with all the circumstances of this case, would you grant this divorce ?' ' Most certainly, yonr ?honor,' replied the minister. ' But how do you reconcile this statement with the injunction 'What God hath joined together let no man put asunder ' ?' ' Your honor, I am satisfied that the Lord never joined this couple,' replied the clergyman. ABOUT three yeare ago, e. wandering cyclist threw a whole district of the Txanevaal dnto a paroxysm of superstitious terror. Travelling by night, his ad vent would have been unnoticed, if two young Boers, early abroad in search of strayed bullocks, had not seen the 'spoor,' or track of the wheelman. With the curiosity of their race, they followed it (or ? some miles, being anxious to see- 'the man who could trundle a wheelbarrow eo far without a rest.' Al ter an hour's tracking, one remarked, 'This fellow must be a thief; let us go and tell the landdrost (magistrate).' Accordingly, the worthy Dutch 'beak' -was brought on the scene, and he was ac companied by a score of armed Boers. The whole party followed the path taken by our cyclist. » Halt ing at noon, whilst the horses grazed, the mysterious trail was the object cJ much scrutiny. Suddenly one farmer exclaimed, giLook here, landdrost, if it was a barrow, where is the 'epor1 of the man who wheeled it?' 'My goodness!' exclaimed that offl-, oial; 'I never thought of thai. Let's see— yes, hare is the wheel right enough; but where is the foot print? It is, it must be— yes, yes; ride, boys, ride, it's a spook (ghost)!' To this day that portion of the road is not traversed by any of the Dutch far mers. ' - . 