MENELIK, KING OF SHOA. HIS WIFE'S SIXTH HUSBAND. M. Morelli, who lias explored the Harrar, Sboa, and Gallas countries, has been giving the Paris correspondent of the Daily Keirshis impressions of Menelik, King of Negus of Shoa. He knows him -well,- thinks him able and unscrupulous, and likely to make the country he rules over, the Prussia of East Africa.. Menelik is always buying guns, and has been for the last 12 years. He ji'sks "Europeans whom he receives. to .be seated on armchairs kept on purpose for them. He swears by Gonghis jjueitai and Mikael Gueitai, or St. George and St. Michael, the patrons of Sboa, is afraid of ghosts, and stands in awe of monks and hermits. The king wears a broad-brimmed Panama hat, or a white felt hat of the same shape. Beneath it is a light stuff bound round the head and tied in a bow behind. His over garment is a wide mantle of black silk, shaped like the Arab bournous. Menelik used to be very fond of watches and other timepieces. Their mechanism interested him, but he cares less for them now. All his habitations are on high bills. His seat of justice is under a wide-spreading tree on the hill top at Ankoboer. The Royal Guelii at Antolo is on the top of a small plateau, from which he can see a great distance. Close to it is a church dedicated to Miriam. The position is regarded as impregnable. A European architect built there a very pretty villa for Menelik faced with glazed tiles, but the monks persuaded the King that he would be unlucky from the day ho went to live in it and that they feared thunderbolts would fall on it. Queen Taitou manages to obtain European gowns. Menelik is her sixth husband. Widdowers are not free to re-marry in Shoa, but widows are. Menelik believes that Shoa is rich in gold, and is thinking of developing the culture of coffee. An important personage in the Royal Guebi is Gabriel Gobano. He speaks Russian, German, Italian, French, English, and Arabic, and is Menelik's interpreter. The Queen was not favourable to him until he married in church her first dresser, who is also her confidential maid. Menelik is a devoted husband. Were he otherwise public feeling would be against him. He has no fully legitimate son, his only child being bom of an uncovenanted wife, Houmet Guete, who is still alive, but Queen Taitou has no objection, she being childless, to his ranking as heir-apparent. e 