th k BECOBD OF A BRAVE DEED. -Among the many negro nations, differ- i ing "widely from one another in speech and phyrique, who obey the rule of the : White Queen, as she is termed through out the West African littoral, there are none more remarkable in their manners and Customs, nor harder to manage, than the tribes who inhabit the limitless swamps and little inown forests of the Xiger delta They are all men of huge stature, with arms and chests splendidly developed by constant labor at the paddle, for they practically live in their dug-out canoes, bnt with the weak lower limbs of tlie negro- A little while ago, King Shaillu of Hioba- not having the fear of the Go vernment before bis eyes, and disregard ing what had happened when the stronghold of the river-Tiirate Kana went down before the wrath of the Protec torate, built himself a strong stociade around his city of mud-walled huts, and toot counsel with hisJu Ja men as to hew he might most easily acquire power and riches, and make a name for himself, as did his fathers before the coming of the white men. Soon afterwards, muti lated corpses of unfortunate slaves com menced to drift down the rivers with every freshet, and inland traders, arriving at the scattered coast factories, told strange tales of men buried alive among the foundations of new booses -or stock ades. At last it was determined that Shaillu should be made an example of. Silently, file by file, with scarcely the crackling of a twig or the rustling of a leaf to mark their passage, the Xorabas moved down the steep bank, for they had been trained in forest warfare from child hood, and had held their wild land with spear-blade and flintlock gun against the fierce tribes of the "Western Soudan and Arab raiders from the northern desert. Captain Cranton watched them flitting like ghosts through the shadows, and abused the clumsiness cf his subaltern who tore his way noisily with nervous haste through every obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in the soft ciire. Presently, there was a splashing by the edge of the ford; then the sound melted into the gurgle of the river, and the last mm figure disappeared into a drifting cloud of lidst. ... " Get on there, this is no time for rest," said the Captain as ihe leading files hailed ; and he harried forward only to sink breast deep in a steep- sided hollow, and to wonder if they had blundered and lost the track across the ford. "While he hesitated there was another roar of flintlock guns and a shower of Jagged potleg sang past overhead and splashed along the surface of the river. A Xornbu dropped his rifle with a splash, and clutching at his side collapsed, a limp heap, into the stream- A comrade dashed forward, bnt it was too late ; there was a choking gasp, and with an oily gurgle the muddy current closed above a ghastly face, and the Xoruba was gone. The soldiers stared at one another for a moment, and a few of the Snider butts came bome to the shoulder with a rattle, but Captain Cranton said sternly: "Theman is dead ; the first who fires withont my order dies also. Forward there I " Then, with set teeth, the Xorubas went ahead, floundering and splashing, strug gling shoulder deep against the power of the stream with uplifted lilies, while the sickly Doctor gasped for breath as he was half earned, half dragged, wildly through the water- Just as they came dripping oat of the river, a long trail of lire streamed upwards across the midnight sky, and a detonating rocket burst into a cloud of crimson stars far overhead, to show that the landward gate had gone down before the attack ox the flanking party While the evil-smelling vapor was still I eddying and drifting along the face of ] the stockade, with a yell ihe Xorubas f rushed forward, stumbling and blunder ing over shattered logs and glowing cinders, half choked by the sickening odors of the explosive, and swept down the main street of the village, driving the river men before them at the bayonet point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some one had hurled a blaring torch into ! a but, and the roaring flame leaped from thatch to thatch, throwing a lurid light on the crowd of naked figures flying for their lives between the lines of mud-walled huts, or scaling the palisade and fling- ] ing themselves over into the darkness outride. Dripping with perspiration, and scarcely visible through the stifling smoke-wreaths. Captain Cranton dashed along at the head of his men, swinging his revolver and threatening, in hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of penalties on the man who fired without his order; for he knew if the Xorubas onee got beyond control there would be no human being left alive in the town. While the Doctor wondered what he should do, a chorus of j yells, hisses, and whistles rose from behind a cluster of huts, and presently a handful of black soldiers came into sight, j giving way slowly before a wild mob of naked river-men. There was no time to load or fire. Spearheads and the brass- i bound butts of the trade guns rattled and crashed among gleaming bayonets and j brown Snider barrels, for the Xorubas were fighting desperately as | they went, four of them bearing what appeared to he a shapeless heap of tat tered kafki uniform upon a layer of woven palm fibre, torn out from the ride of some headman's house. " Stop them—stof> them—one time! shouted the Doctor, but bis men needed j no telling. With the wild shout of the northern raiders ringing out above the i clash of spear ami battle of Snider butts. | they drove forward, and as" the blight steel filled up the narrow way the foe were held in check for a few moments. Staggering up to the ride of the rough litter.Snrgeon Warslnnd felt the grasp of the lug Xoruba Sergeant on his shoulder and heard a voice in his ear: " Officer man live for die, Sah; river-man chop him with spear. Say, tarry me first through stockade, alive or dead." " ever mind what he said, let ine get ] at him. For heaven's sake keep those brutes back; be's bleeding to death,'" shouted the Doctor, shaking off the grasp \- and bending down over the still form. Xoung Idscombe feebly rinsed bis bead. " Good-bye, Fin about finished; but I was • first man in," be gasped. Without a word, the Doctor slit the tunic from ihe arm, and wrenched open his instrument case as he saw the bright blood pulsing in Jets from a severed artery. " Oh for two minutes, Just two minutes! " he groaned, as lie slipped a rubber tourni quet around the white skin ; but even as he did so, the crowd of river-men surged madly forward; there was a clash of bayonets and spear-heads,and though the Xorubas parried and lunged desperately they staggered and yielded ground before | the dead weight of numbers Jfever turning bis eyes, the Doctof] went quietly on with his work, in a grim race against time to save his comrade's life. Just as the thick rubber, biting into the firm flesh, choked down the .spurting blood, the Xorubas broke away and a huge naked river men swung a gleaming haiehet hack to the full sweep of his right arm, to deliver the resistless cut the West African knows so well at | the Doctor's head. Almost instinctively i Surgeon "Marsland closed his eyes. Then j he felt himself hurled on one ride as something rushed past him. and, glancing round again, saw the red bayonet of | Sergeant Koffee shoot past at the point XTVzn. behind ihe shoulder andshde into ! the negro's naked flesh, until the socket ! clashed against the breast-hone. Almost I rimnltanecmsly he heard the Xorubas' j shout and the swarming foe split up and I melted away into flying groups as j swinging his spitting revolver right and : left. Captain Cranton s"wej't past at the j head of his men. Then ins over-taxed : strength gave way, anu he cb.'laj-ised a Jimp unconscious heap across the foot of . the litter. i Before morning Hioha was a heap of smoking ruins and Shaillu a prisoner fast ; bound with titi creepers. 