THE POISONER. From 'La Pucelle,' by John Arthur Barry. In 'Chapman's Magazine.' E cannot be more than eight hundred miles from Rio de Janeiro. But it is four months and a day since we left there. The -second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, be sides fracturing the shaft. I do not believe we moved two miles in any direction after that. But worse was to come. One day, what we imagined was yellow fever broke out amongst us. First, Ferrand the chief engineer died. Then one after the other the of ficers succumbed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis de la Forestier and myself, had been left, with four other members of our party, in Rio. They were to rejoin us at Pernambuco, for which port we were bound when we lost our screw and struck this windless belt and were boarded by Death. One morning, at breakfast, the marquis himself was taken ill. At noon, my friend and old schoolfellow died in my arms. No suspicion had any of us that it was aught but fever. The symptoms were exactly as we had heard when ashcre — excessive retching, agonised spasms, death. Alas! we had no dcotor, and, amongst us all, no medical knowledge! And it was calm — always calm. And we lay and sweltered, motionless. And at short inter vals men died. The officers were all gone. Then in one day five of the sailors died — five, do you understand? — one after the other. The survivors, -wild with fear, declared that La Pucelle was ac cursed, doomed to rot where she lay. And, seizing two of the boats, they pulled away. They implored us to join them. But we preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths for twenty-four hours. So they went. On board were now left only myself, Jean d'Au vergne, better known as the Baron de Clichy; my friend, Antoine de Cevenne, Sieur de Beaupere, and the steward, a native of Ajaccio in Corsica, who also refused to leave the ship. ^Evidently the plague had ceased. But week after week we lay like a log.in the sun's eye; night after night, and day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watch for wind to fill our little sails, and at least take us from amidst the graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never ceased to swim about in the stagnant water, watching for more victims. And ever the calm stood, and to save ourselves from .madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping 'and painting the vessel. For some time the steward had been acting in a strange and most offensive manner, insisting, amongst other things, that, as we were now' all equal, he should take bis meals with us in the cabin. Naturally, we resisted this innovation. One day, words waxed hot between himself and Antoine. De Cevenne struck him. His threats were awful. 'Ferrand struck me once!' he con cluded. 'Where is Ferrand now? Where are they all, my accursed masters?' Then a horrid suspicion came into my mind, and I determined to watch him closely for at least the next twenty four hours. But such a length was unnecessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I followed, and saw him take a square glass bottle from one of the shelves. Holding it up to the light, he grinned, and muttered to himself in' Italian— 'Fool that I was to spare them!. Soon shall the fever re turn! Then there will be but one master on La Pucelle!' With a shout to Antoine in the saloon, the next minute I had the miscreant by the throat. He fought like a fury. But we mastered him. The bottle contained arsenic stolen from the dispen sary. He had not even the excuse of insanity; for when at last, securely bound, we carried him on deck, he boasted, in a matter-or-fact, cold blooded fashion, of the revenge he had taken. And he told us, too, that he had but spared us for a short time longer because of the pleasure it gave him to feel the sense of absolute power over the last of bis former masters — a possession he was loth to part. .with. 'But the poor seamen, with whom you had nothing to do?' queried Antoine, J in a voice of horror. 'The -lust' to kill comes by ] killing.' replied the wretch with a laugh. And be would speak no more. Indeed, he had but little time. Far more merciful than he had been, we hurled him overboard. The next minute the watchers took him, leaving only a red stain on the still water, to show the end of the wholesale mur- I derer. - ? I And now the ehip became utterly insupportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned friends. Strangely enough, before this knowledge, no such thoughts had ever troubled us. Now Martel the captain, Ferrand the engin eer, bluff old Joyeuse the mate, the marquis, and many . others, hovered around us, all with distort ed faces and despairing gestures, their Manes still i unappeased. To-day we take the larger of the j two remaining boats. Of provisions and water j we have an ample supply. Farewell, unknown I reader! Perhaps, ere this meets your eye, we may have joined bur friends over yonder. But we trust in the good God and the saints, and, more than all, in our luck. Once more, adieu! ; 