. TO BOOKS. c From Mossrs. Turner and Henderson wo liavo three new books! Mr. ThoniasHenoy's work, " That Girl at Bin-el's," an Aus tralian novel which proposos to sot for us certain Australian characters in such circumstances as aro to bo found chiefly on tho Howor Uaroo. It as impossible to say that it is an attractive or a- promising book. Tho author lias been thoro, but . not with tho eyo8 that see or the mind that.' understands or discriminates!;' Ho has not folt into his thomo, not into -.any single detail or portion: of it. .Ho. lacks , the trick of tho' storyteller and tlio faculty of constructiveiaess, and thus it" is impossible .that ho should givo us more than is found in this book, a conmionplaco.' account that is of generally commonplace affairs'. AVhiiro- ovor a hit of a flash occurs it is evidently interpolated; aiid lias really no connection . with- the story; as in tho vory.fairly written closcriptiph' of' tho drouth and delusion of tho lost swagsman. Nor cnu it ho said that acouracy in description of things wliioh' ; all moh; seo, 'makes atonement for -lack' of . inwardness. Alon who -lmvo secuagdpd: dcal'of, inland lifo will liavo difficulty in romomboring. a whole- mob .'.of Bliearors turning: out. for, a . swim in July, oven on tho Lower Pnroo. Nor; yot does a " j-ellow oblong packago" convoy : to tho pastoral mind-.a graphic jdea of a .wool bale, 'i'hoy do not; ' talk - either thoso station men, of -fastening " wool pn'a: dray witli ropo3 and'saplings" for of coypr- iug the conipletod loadl with "tari'bd can- ' vas." In another connection also-ifcis not usual to . uso tlio term ;" rank and file" as ' meaning the staff and the gonornl body qf a. regiment. We lind hoped that Mr. Heney '; would have dona better in this department;, of literature, but in presence bf thishot vory , attraotiyb " Girl ; of Birrel's"'. 6hiv: hardly say ': with candour go on and prosper. . The " Expiation of -Wynno Palisci-," by Bortram Mitford,.serves'tp!sustain ivell the agthpr's reputation. .'lt.iB a readable book all through, and ; rises-, in - passages to heights of -genuino exciteniont. 16; is' of of tho South; African land, a sure passport to general interest .just now, but under any cirpuuistancos would be .welcome to aiuiide class of readers. i ll'lip Rajnli's Sapphire" Is of the dninty little .Nautilus series wherein: cost dobs liot seem- ..to':, lib. counted nor spaeo- to' have .any -V value., so ., long as. . ati. artistic effect is produced -and the , reexmremp'nts of modern tasto satisfied. The story comes to us asj written by "!£. P.. Shiels. ffphi 'a plot given him viua voce by W. T. : , Stead." . After- reading tiie. story, the iilovitoblb . con clusion scorns - to bo - that it . is .a . bad policy either tq. ..give, plots viva voce or to attempt ;to construct- stories from thorn when . so given. Certainly if in this case a plot over existed it has been somoliow lost m transmission. The book. contains-no ghost of plot.- Tho only feature which -redeems it froih the common multitude of stillborn literary efforts is a! dash of originality; in the oharactor of : Mr. : Ralimer, millionaire, otherwise The. ..Highflyer, . which1 being., tnkpn seriously . is -a - monstrosity even amongst all the , strange products . of ! Jin de Steele efforts.- - Never was -an author1 so hard pressed as this Mr. Shiels,' who sits, at the feet -of Mr; -Stead; to' get. rid of an awkward oharactor; Nfever at least did author make such an impossible demand on his readers' crodulity or ignorance. ' A drunken - . sailor.. - is in possession of an awkward- secret. . Highflyer purchases, a, smallpox-infected house. in the heart of! London, bundles his "persecutor.- in! and locks tho door. And then, despite the! tact that smallpox requires- a period of several days tp-germinate and develop, the world hears no more of him till he is car-' ried out in : an unrecognisable, stage of cor ruption.!' ,' - !' Macmillan's .Colonial Library, forwarded by Messrs. Goorgo Robertson and Co., is re-; presented by iivo books, two reprints from recent' magazine/ literature,, .two- further- instalments .'of-. Balzac,'. -and ' " -Adam' Johnston's Son!" by Marion Craw ford, The best of tlio bunch is "'i'artarin; of Tarascon,"1 in rwhich Aljihonso Daudet discovers a: vein of light nnd pleasant satire! which indicates more than a lurking germ of. such power which dwelt fully in Rabelais or Cervngtes. It is a book which contains 'a; vory great deal, in very small spaco, Ono! docs not grudgo the amplo margins of tho' pages, since scarce one but affords material for; n hearty laugh, while the most shallow or! careless reader is/: conscious of- a pleasant simmer of . entertainment from tho first: page to - the last. An- additional value; attaches to -the book by reason of the new; light it throws -on the actual condition of modern life in Algeria. , Tartarin's various; bombastic 'escapades servo- to explode a good deal of tho nousonse, of. the cloyelop- monts made- in that doubtless wonderful land. - "His Honour., and a Lady," by S. J.'; Doncail' (Airs,/ Evorard Cotes) is also lacking in the desirable' elemont of: new-! ness, but its merit will . command a second circle of readers far larger in diameter than that which- welcomed its first appearance amongst tlio fugitivo litoraturo of the tiuie. It' is really a charming story, of Indian ' lifo with characters1 wnoso outlines are sufficiently; sharp- and clearly drawn, but whose shading .and: tinting, abound in tender gradations, nuancis of- feeling, thought, expression. Its local colouring is accurate and, realistic, though never so warm or strong as. that of.Kipling; while in peculiar womanly charm, in delicately drawn characteristics, f nd those slight difforonco3 of character "tuid temperament which aro- so cominonly perceived, so rarely under stood, the : success of the authoress is charming as'- uniquo. '. . " Adam Johnston's Son," servos to show tlio versatility with which Marion Craw ford can still produce .readable! matter, bub does not tend to complete the superstruc ture of ; that high reputation , 'whoso foundations . soomod to . be laid in such .Works' as "With the,' Immortals," and perhaps' '! Mr. , Isaacs" ... Every body can .read-, this book.', . 'It is!,of- the broad, and butter order of fiction', warranted not to : disagro'6 with the ; most-,, tender . mental !constituti6n;;and certain to.;onter- tiiiu :for an Hour or two, and With ouii shook or sufpfisq', ' Thoro is a little . reasonable ... regret 'amongst .'those, who hope alwiiysi ifor . tho.i. lbcst ' that' .yet _ another . of , /tlio prophets, should grade to the com pany, of. the pot- boilors, still there is .yet time for. Marion ' Crawford to achieve/ and ' these frequent little and easy things may ho only in tlio way of storing up tho neoos- sary rosourco. : ! - , Balzac . resuri-ected ,;in . " The Atheist's Mass " and " Tho Quest 'of tho Absoluto " comes with strango surprises to those who. hold that all that is strange, 'or daring, or complox'in psyoliological analysis in strictly modern literature is necessarily new. Bnlzno, ovon in translation, sllows on.evory. pagb that ho has travelled far in those ways on whoso thresholds many modern prophots stand with trumpet calls of proclamation of discovery and prospect, 'it is-good in pro- sonco of niuch of tho prosost audacity that masquerades ' as 'literature to turn again to Balzno. !Ho was of the. few who travel for and explore -.wide horizons beforo making any announcements of discovery. 