A LINE OR TWO. Mr. Tom Rose (of Argyle perfume) is performing again. He don't want Bowral to take a short cut to the Wombeyan Caves. Selfish man. The Goulburn . . . . Penny Post . . . . . ... . Moans piteously . . . . , , . . At the prospect of ... . . . . Losing its only " Ewe Lamb," ~ . . (The Wombeyan Caves). ... . . Bowral will show Goulburn . . , . That the way to look after such a prom ising Ewe Lamb Is to popularise it, And not selfishly keep it hid away in such an ungetatable out-of-the-way place. The Wombeyan Caves properly belong to the Bowral Tourist District, Notwithstanding all that Tom 'Rose and the Goulburn Post may say to the contrary ; And we will yet secure them, doncher know ? A Bowral district resident is actually prepared to bet £10 to that he will start from Bowral and let Tom Rose start from Big Hill, and yet he will easily reach the Caves before the honorable member ? for Argyle. Perhaps the Penny Post will accept on behalf of Tom. .- 1 But speaking seriously, can more insat iable selfishness be conceived than that \ which would block an easy and direct route from Bowral to the Caves merely ' because the Caves happen to be in the1 Argyle electorate ? I It is almost on a par with certain Goul- I burn peojple who once agitated violently J for the railway to be extended to Goul burn ; and then, when it got there, they protested against it going any further. The fact is, the road in the first place | should have been made from Bowral to the Caves. It is the natural route. Let our road be made, and you will soon see how the Wombeyan people will be only too glad to come to Bowral with their wool and other produce, and how that they will avoid Taralga and Goul burn as though that road were infested with vipers. The Caves are ours by right, and1 \ve must have a road to them. A fow more moana^ - From tho Gonlburn Penny Post j A few more squoaks . . . . From Tom and tho Taralga Ghost, - Ami they'll peg oat. , , Another trip or two ; ' . By Bownil'n pluokv men . On bshnlf of OUR "EweLimb,1' j . Tlio caves at .Wombeyan, ! And wu'U get tho route. \ . *** 'I Mrs. Pearce, Lady's nurse, has'remov ed to Mrs. Saveil's, opposite Christie's, Not a .single infectious disea.sa is known la Greenland. . > ? :| A sneeze is an alarm dock, , and gives notice that the body is losing itsv- Keat , too rapidly and needs protection; > j The Goulburn water-supply is none too wholesome, and the residents . have been warned to boil it before drinking.. j The Czarina's coronation dress cost ^"40,000, and took six months to make'. The Governor, in his speech, says.that " the distinction.between law and equity should no longer be allowed to exist." Haguesund, in Norway, is a teetotal town of 6200 inhabitants. For 29. years no spirituous liquors have been .sold there. A policeman has got two months at Nancy for starving an old pauper to death. Rice supports nearly, half the human race. . The minute hand of Big Ben is 16ft. long. . :;-t : ! In Iowa it is now a crime to make, sell, or give away cigarettes. In 30 years the paupers in Ireland have nearly doubled. ? r -i Thursday being Ascension Day, "servi ces were held in St. Jude's Church, Bow ral. A bicycle track is. being laid down on the Penrith Show ground. The West Maitland council is retren ching. They have knocked off five cor poration labourers out of 13. Overdraft, £480. Mr. Wm. Cushion, a 50 years resident of Goulburn,'died, on Tuesday, aged, 86 years. Constable Gandy, of Goulburn, has just invented a. bicycle for home-training purposes.., You can imagine you are go up-hill, but the bike is stationery. At Waterloo 1457000 men fought, and of that number 50,000 were killed or wounded. A mother and her three daughters were divorced in one day recently in Sa lem, Illinois. . Printing ink is wade of linseed oil,- resin, soap, and lamp-black or other colouring matter. At Sunny Corner the snow drift was .3 feet deep on Wednesday. . Liverpool people want the tourist train to stop at their station. John McElhone is too unwell to attend Parliament. *. Wanted : Every footpath in Bowral asphalted or tar-sprinkled by next winter. Why not ? HoIIoway's Pills.-In the complaints peeuliar to feraale3 these Pills are unrivalled. Their use by the fair sex has become so constant for'fclie removal of their ailments that rare is the household that }s ' without them. Amongst all classes, from the do mestic servant to the peeress, universal favour is recorded to these renovating Pills ; their invigorat ing and purifying properties render them safe and invaluable in all cases ; they may bs taken by fe males of all ages for any disorganization or irregu larity of the system, speedily removing tho cause and restoring |the sufferer to robust health. Asja family medicine they are unapproachable for sufi duing the maladies of young and old. 