'IN pZOORi ' in DIVORCE. Tlje Tronbles of Nat Goodwin. j The Drama off tlje Stage. Ukdeb the above, and a long string of sub sidiary headings, the 'San Francisco Ex aminer' of 19th August prints a somewhat sensational account of the matrimonial relations between Ur Nat Goodwin, the uennu biuuuuii, wuu « I season at the Princess's Theatre in Mel- 1 bourne, and who is now in Sydney, from j which we extract the following : — I Nat Goodwin, the greatest of ail American { comedians, has filed a petition for divorce, f He has gone about the business of gaining a | legal separation from Mrs Goodwin in a I manner so secret that his most intimate j friends both here and in the East, to say 1 nothing of tbe lady herself, are still undis turbed by tbe slightest intimation of his | intention. It is a fact, nevertheless, and the necessary papers have been on file with the j proper officials at the City Hall for several weeks. Mr Goodwin signed them a day or so before he departed for Australia, and was well oat to sea and far from the reach of interviewers before his attorney, George B. Keane, deposited them for filing on the records of the county clerk's office. Nothing that could be done to prevent the action from becoming public was left undone, though no reason has yet besn assigned for so much secrecy. Ia his complaint Mr Goodwin makes affidavit to many things that will come as a matter of news to his numerous friends and admirers in this city. One of the first assertions is that the plaintiff has been a resident of the state of Califor nia for the period of one year prior to the filing of the complaint. He further states that he was married to Nella B. Goodwin, his wife, in Chicago, in October, 1888. Con tinuing, he saya that for the peried of 12 months prior to 1st J uly, 1896, his wife had been habitually intemperate, and that her intemperance has been so prononnced as to render her incapable of performing ordinary duties, thereby causing him great mental anguish and Annoy once. There are no children and no community property. To this complaint Mrs Goodwin has made no answer, though it is only fair to her to say that she probably has no knowledge of its existence. Notice was given by publication, a proceeding that contemplates nothiilg further than printing the notice of the suit in th* columns of the most obscure of the many weekly papers published in this city. Affidavit to the publication hat already been made, and if nothing intervenes the divorce will be granted without farther question, because there is no contest on the part of the defendant. The knowledge of Mr Goodwin's action comes with a greater degree of surprise to his friends, because it has been generally understood that the marriage .oontracted In Chicago was no longer binding because of a decree of separation granted by a New York court iu 1891. Now that they are made aware of the divorce proceedings,, they hint that it means a desire on Mr Goodwin s part to again assume the bonds of matrimony. Former gostip connecting the actor's name with that of an actress Who recently went to Australia is revived. While his fr&juds; are , indulging in gossip of this nature, t^ie chief actor is at the antipodes, whither the lady has gone to join him, and Mrs Goodwin may be in New York or in Europe or any ether place to far as the knowledge of San Francisco theatrical people goes. The 1 Quirinui Argus '-savs : — Daring the progress of shearing at Mr. J. 8. Pengiliey's, three sheep were taken from the pen and weighed alive (fleece and all), and they drew the bar at 1081bs., 112|ibr., and 117}lbs., Which' is equal to an average of SOlbs. dressed weight. vAs these were not picked sheep, it showt the condition of our woolly frie&dt; at the present time, v Some unpleasantness has occurred amongst the settlers about Duncan's Creek through the appearance in the neighbourhood of one of the selections of what it alleged to be a Visitor from the other world. The supposed supernatural visitant has been eeett about the homestead referred tt , pretty nearly every evening recently, and when ap proached by venturesome mortals promptly disappers. Suspicions have been aroused as to the impersonator of the .'ghost,' and certain allegation made which, we under atand, are likely to result . in the matter being ventilated in. the polioe court in the near future. — ' Tamworth News.' rne ? ueep water aiiner or eepi. zo lays : Some 15 years agp, a miner, whose name we are told it Bnrnl; had a good tin claim at Dundee. Wishing in time t* dispose Of it; he found a purchaser In a syndicate ot Chinamen who finally decided to buy the property, ahd a dekl Was made. The pur chase money, at&piintjh;'g to £160 Was paid over, AM shbitty bt immediately afteiWards the miner and nti tno'hey niytitferipfesly dis appeared. Bekrch wai mkde {or'hiih butto no purpose, nothing wat ever, discovered, although Stave, kuspiqion retted On some Chinamen in the neighborhood. A few days ago, ho*ever, twogravfet with human remains wdts disoovered in the both, tad everything goss to prove that they are the bouet of the man who wat milNlhg 16 long ysats ego. There are remAinli of -tffti heban bb&16g, and local conjecture indentlfy thefn al those of Barns, end &t; aii6 of Kit GhihOse mtarderers slain in the struggle. Tb* pbllce hfcve the matter i& hadd, iiA Mr. Wllshirp informs us that an iaqngtt vHIl BS jjrbBably found necessary. The matter has caused . much excitement at Dundee where ,the circum stances of the mystery are clearly remem bered b.v manv of the eld residents. 