ENCYCLICAL LETTER OP POPE LEO XIII. ON THE UNITY OP THE CHURCH. [Authorised Translation.] (Continued.) Another head like to Christ must be in vented—that is, another Christ—if besides the one Church which is His body, men wish to set up another. " See what you must be aware of—see what you must avoid—see what you must dread. It hap pens that, £18 in the human body, some member may be cut off—a hand, a finger, a foot. Does the soul follow the amputated member ? As long as it was in the body, it lived; separated, it forfeits its life. So the Christian is a Catholic as long as he lives in the body: cut off from it he be comes a heretic—the life of the spirit fol lows not the amputated member. (St. Augustine, Sermo cclxvii., n. 4.) The Church of Christ, therefore, is one and the same for ever: those who leave it depart from the will and command of Christ the Lord—leaving the path of salva tion, they enter on that of perdition. " "Whosoever is separated from the Church is united to an adultress. He has cut him self off from the promises of the Church, and he who leaves the Church of Christ cannot arrive at the rewards of Christ. . . . He who observes not this unity ob serves not the law of God, holds not the faith of the Father and the Son, clings not to life and salvation." (St. Cyprianus, " De Cath. Eccl. Unitate," n. 6.) UNITY IN FAITH. 6\. But He, indeed, who made this one Church, also gave it unity, that is, He made it such that all who are to belong to it must be united by the closest bonds, so as to form one society, one kingdom, one body—" one body and one spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling." (Eph. iv., 4.) Jesus Christ, when His death was nigh at hand, declared His will in this matter, and solemnly offered it up, thus addressing His Father: "Not for them only do I pray, but for them also who through their word shall believe in Me . . . . that they also may be one in Us . . . . that they may be made perfect in one." (John xvii., 20-21-23.) Yea, He commanded that this unity should be so closely knit and so perfect amongst His followers that it might, in some measure, shadow forth the union between Himself and His Father: " I pray that they all may be one, as Thou Father in Me and I in Thee." (Ibid 21.) Agreement and union of minds is the necessary foundation of this perfect con cord amongst men, from which concurrence of wills and similarity of action are the natural resultB. Wherefore, in His Divine wisdom, He ordained in His Church Unity of Faith: a virtue which is the first of those bonds which unite man to God, and whence we receive the name of the " faith ful"—" one Lord, one faith one baptism." (Eph. iv., 5.) That is: as there is one Lord and one baptism, so should all Chris tians, without exception, have but one Faith. And so the Apostle St. Paul not merely begs, but entreats and implores Christians to be all of the same mind, and to avoid difference of opinions: " I beseech you, brethren, by the name of Our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, and that there be no schisms amongst you and that you be perfect in the same mind and in the same judgment." (1 Cor. i., 10.) Such passages certainly need no interpreter, they speak clearly enough for themselves. Besides, all who profess Christianity allow that there can be but one Faith. It is of the greatest importance, and indeed of absolute necessity, as to which many are deceived, that the nature and character of this unity should be re cognised. And, as We have already stated, this is not to be ascertained by conjecture, but by the certain knowledge of what was done: that is, by seeking for and ascer taining what kind of unity in Faith has been commanded by Jesus Christ. the kind of unity in faith commanded BY CHRIST. 7\. The heavenly doctrine of Christ, al thongh for the most part committed to writing by Divine Inspiration, could not unite the minds of men if left to human intellect alone. It would, for this very reason, be subject to various and contra dictory interpretations. This is so, not only because of the nature of the doctrine itself and of the mysteries it involves, but also because of the divergencies of the human mind and of the disturbing element of conflicting passions. From a variety of interpretations a variety of beliefs is neces sarily begotten: hence some controversies, dissensions, and wranglings such as have arisen in the past, even in the first ages of the Church. Irenseus writes of heretics as follows: "Admitting the Sacred Scriptures, they distort the interpretations." (Lib. iii., cap. 12, n. 12.) And Augustine: "Here sies have arisen, and certain perverse views ensnaring souls and precipitating them in to the abyss only when the Scriptures, good in themselves, are not properly under stood." (" In Evang. Joan," tract xviii., cap. 5 n. 1.) Besides Holy Writ it was absolutely necessary, to insure this union of men's minds—to effect and preserve unity of ideas—that there should be an other principle. This the wisdom of God requires: for He could not have willed that the Faith should be one if He did not provide means sufficient for the preserva tion of this unity; and this Holy Writ clearly sets forth, as We shall presently point out. Assuredly the infinite power of God is not bounded by anything: all things obey it as so many passive instru ments. In regard to this external prin ciple, therefore, we must inquire which one of all the means in His power Christ did actually adopt. For this purpose it is necessary to recall in thought the institu tion of Christianity. THE MAGISTERIUM (OR TEACHING AUTHO RITY) OF THE CHURCH TO BE PERPETUAL. 8\. We are mindful only of what is witnessed to by Holy Writ and what is otherwise well known. Christ proves His own Divinity and the Divine origin of His mission by miracles; He teaches the mul titudes heavenly doctrine by word of mouth; and He absolutely commands that the assent of faith should be given to His teaching, promising eternal rewards to those who believe and eternal punishment to those who do not. " If I do not the works of My Father, believe Me not." (John x., 37.) " If I had not done among them the works that no other man had done, they wouldnothave sin." (Ibid x., 24). "But if I do (the works) though you will not be lieve me, believe the works." (Ibid x., 38). Whatsoever He commands, He commands by the same authority. He requires the assent of the mind to all truths without exception. It was thus the duty of all who heard Jesus Christ, if they wished for eternal salvation, not merely to accept His doctrine as a whole, but to assent with their entire mind to all and every point of it, since it is unlawful to withhold faith from God even in regard to one single point. When about to ascend into Heaven He sends His Apostles in virtue of the same power by which He had been sent from the Father, and He charges them to spread abroad and propagate His teaching. " All power is given to Me in Heaven and in earth, Going, therefore, teach all nations . . . . teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." (Matt, xxviii., 18-19-20.) So that those obeying the Apostles might be saved, and those disobeying should perish. " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be con demned." (Mark xvi., 16.) But since it is obviously most in harmony with God's Providence that no one should have con fided to him a great and important mission unless he were furnished with the means of properly carrying it out, for this reason Christ promised that He would send the Spirit of Truth to His Disciples to remain with them for ever. " But if I go I will send TTim (the Paraclete) to you. . . . But when He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will teach you ail truth." (John xvi., 7-13.) " And I will ask the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever, the Spirit of Truth." (Ibid xiv., 16-17.) " He shall give testimony of Me, and you shall give testimony." (Ibid xv., 26-27.) Hence He commands that the teaching of the Apostles should be religiously accepted and piously kept as if it were His own—" He that hears you hears Me: he who despises you de spises Me." (Luke x. 16.) Wherefore the Apostles are ambassadors of Christ, as He is the ambassador of the Father. " As the Father sent Me, so also I send you." John xx., 21.) Hence, as the Apostles and Dis ciples were bound to obey Christ, so also tbose whom the Apostles taught were, by God's command, bound to obey them. And therefore it was no more allowable to repu diate one iota of the Apostles' teaching than it was to reject any point of the doc trine of Christ Himself. Truly the voice of the Apostles, when the Holy Ghost had come down upon them, resounded throughout the world. Wher ever they went they proclaimed themselves the ambassadors of. Christ Himself. "By whom (Jesus Christ) we have received grace and Apostleship for obedience to the Faith in all nations for His name." (Bom. i., 5.) And God makes known their Divine mission by numerous miracleB. " But they going forth preached everywhere: the Lord working withal, and confirming the word with signs that followed." (Mark xvi., 20.) But what is this word ? That which comprehendis all things, that which they had learnt from their Master; because they openly and publicly declare that they cannot help speaking of what they had seen and heard. But, as we have already said, the Apos tolic mission was not destined to die with the Apostles themselves, or to come to an end in the course of time, since it was in tended for the people at large and insti tuted for the salvation of the human race. For Christ commanded His Apostles to preach the " Gospel to every creature, to carry His name to nations and kings, and to be witnesses to Him to the ends of the earth." He further promised to assist them in the fulfilment of their high mission, and that, not for a few years or centuries only, but for all time—" even to the con summation of the world." Upon which St. Jerome says: " Me who promise to remain with His Disciples to the end of the world declares that they will be for ever vic torious, and that He will never depart from those who believe in Him." (In Matt., lib. iv., cap. 28, v. 20.) But how could all this be realized in the Apostles alone, placed as they were under the universal law of disso lution by death ? It was consequently pro vided by God that the " Magisterium " in stituted by Jesus Christ should not end with the life of the Apostles, but that it should be perpetuated. We see it in truth propagated and, as it were, delivered from hand to ° hand. For the Apostles conse crated Bishops, and each one appointed those who were to succeed them imme diately " in the ministry of the word." Nay more : they likewise required their successors to choose fitting men, to endow them with like authority, and to confide to them the office and mission of teaching. " Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace which is in Christ Jesus: and the things which thou hast heard of me by many witnesses, the same command to faithful men, who shall be fit to teach others also." (2 Tim. ii., 1-2.) Where fore, as Christ was sent by God and the Apostles by Christ, so the BishopB and those who succeeded them were sent by the Apostles. "The Apostles were appointed by Christ to preach the Gospel to us. Jesus Christ was sent by God. Christ is therefore from God, and the Apostles from Christ, and both according to the will of God. . . . Preaching, therefore, the Word through the countries and cities, when they had proved in the Spirit the first-fruits of their teaching they appointed Bishops and deacons for the faithful. . . . They appointed them and then or dained them, so that when they themselves had passed away other tried men should carry on their ministry." (St. Clemens Rom. " Epist. I. ad Corinth., capp. 42, 44.) On the one hand, therefore, it is necessary that the mission of teaching whatever Christ had taught should remain perpetual and immutable, and on the other that the duty of accepting and professing all their doctrine should likewise be perpetual and immutable. " Our Lord Jesus Christ, when in His Gospel He testifies that those who are not with Him are His enemies, does not designate any special form of heresy, but declares that all heretics who are not with Him and do not gather with Him, scatter His flock and are His enemies: ' He that is not with Me is against Me, and he that gathereth not with Me scattereth.'" St. Cyprianus, Ep. lxix., ad Magnum, n. 1.) EVERY REVEALED TRUTH, WITHOUT EXCEP TION, MUST BE ACCEPTED. 9\. The Church, founded on these prin ciples and mindful of Her office, has done nothing with greater zeal and endeavor than she has displayed in guarding the in tegrity of the faith. Hence she regarded as rebels and expelled from the ranks of her children all who held beliefs on any point of doctrine different from her own. The Arians, the Montanists, the Novatians, the Quartodecimens, the Eutychians, did not certainly reject all Catholic doctrine : they abandoned only a certain portion of it. Still who does not know that they were declared heretics and banished from the bosom of the Church? In like manner were condemned all authors of heretical tenets who followed them in subsequent ages. " There can be nothing more dangerous than those heretics who admit nearly the whole cycle of doctrine, and yet by one word, as with a drop of poison, in fect the real and simple faith taught by Out Lord and handed down by apostolic tradition." (Auctor " Tract, de Fide Ortho doxa contra Arianos.") The practice of the Church has always been the same, as is shown by the unani-' inous teaching of the Fathers, who were wont to hold as outside Catholic commu nion, and alien to the Church who ever would recede in the least degree from any point of doctrine proposed by her authori tative Magisterium. Epiphanius, Augus tine, Theodoret, drew up a long list of the heresies of their times. St. Augustine notes that other heresies may spring up, to a single one of which, should anyone give his assent, he is by the very fact cut off from Catholic unity. " No one who merely disbelieves in all (these heresies) can for that reason regard himself as a Catholic or call himself one.. For there may be or may arise some other heresies, which are not Bet out in this work of ours, and if any one holds to' one single one of these he is not a Catholic." (S. Augustinus, De Haeresibus, n. 88.) The need of this divinely-instituted means for the preservation of unity, about which we speak, is urged by St. Paul in his Epistle to the Ephesians. In this he first admonishes them to preserve with every care concord of minds: " Solicitous to keep the unity of the Spirit inthe bondof peace." (Eph. iv., 3, et aeg.) And as souls cannot be perfectly united in charity unless minds agree in faith, he wishes ell to hold the Bame.faith«/1*One Lord, one faith," and this so perfectly one as to prevent aU rf v,v " ' " ' * danger of error: "That henceforth we "be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the wickedness of men, by cunning craftiness, by which they lie in wait to deceive (Eph. iv., 14); and this he teaches is to be observed not for a time only, " but until we all meet in the unity of faith . . . . unto the measure of tbe age of the fulness of Christ." (13.) But in what has Christ placed the primary principle and the means of preserving this unity F In that " He gave some Apostles, and other some pastors and doctors, for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." (11-12.) (To be continued.) 