WHEN THE WORLD WAS . .. YOUNGER. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XXV.— IN THE COURT OP KING'S BENCH. The summer and autumn had gone hy — an event ful season, for with It had vanished from the stage of politics one who had played so dignified and serious a part there. Southampton was dead, Clarendon disgraced and in exile. The Nestor and the Ulysses of the Stuart epic had melted from the scone. Down those stairs by which he had descended on his way to so many a splendid festi val, himself a statelier figure than kings or princes, the Chancellor had gone to banishment and obli vion. "Tho lady" had looked for the last time, a laughing Jezebel, from a palace window, exul tant at her enemy's fall ; and along the river that had carried such tragic destinies eastward to bo sealed in blood Edward Hyde, Earl of Clarendon, had drifted quietly out of tho history ho had helped to make. The ballast of that grave in tellect was Hung overboard that the ship of fools might sail the faster. But In Westminster Hall, upon this windy No vember morning, nobody thought of Clarendon. The business of the day was racy enough to obliterate all considerations of yesterday. The young barristers, who were learning their trade by listening to their betters, had been shivering on their benches in tho Common Pleas since nine o'clock In that chilly corner where every blast from the north or north-east swept over the low wooden partition that enclosed the court, or cut through the chinks in the panelling. The stu dents and juniors wore in their usual places, sitting at the feet of their favorite common law judge; hut the Idlers who came tor amusement, to saunter about the hall, haggle for books with the second-hand dealers along the south wall, or flirt with the milliners who kept stalls for bands and other legal finery on the opposite side, or to listen on tiptoe, with an . ear above., the. panelled enclosure, to the quips and cranks or fierce rhetoric of a famous advocate — these to-day gravitated with one accord towards the south-west corner of the hall, where. In the Court of King's Bench, Richard Revel, Baron Fareliam, of -Fareham, Hants, was to be tried by a Buck inghamshire jury for abduction with fraud, malice, and violence, and for assault with Intent to murder. The rank of the offender being high, and the Indictment known to Involve tragic details of family history, there had been much talk of the cause which was on the paper for to-day and, as a natural consequence, besides the habitual loun gers and saunterers, gossips, and book- buyers, thero was to-day a considerable sprinkling of persons of quality, who perfumed the not-too- agreeable atmosphere with pulvilio and Florentine iris powder, and the rustle of whose silks and brocades was audible all over the hall. Not often did such gowns sweep the dust brought In by plebeian feet, nor such Venetian point collars rub shoulders with the frowsy Norwich drugget worn by hireling perjurers or starveling clerks. The modish world had come down upon tho great Norman hall nice a flock of pigeons, sleolc, irides cent, all fuss aud flutter; aud among these un accustomed visitors there was prodigious impa tience for' the trial to begin, and a struggle for good places that brought into full play the primi tive brutality which underlies the politeness of the civillest people. Lady Sarah Tewkesbury had risen betimes, and, in her anxiety to secure a good placo had come out in her last night's "head," which somewhat damaged edifice of ginger-colored ringlets ond Roman pearls was now vlsiblo above tho wooden partition of tho King's Bench to the eyes of the commonalty In the hall below, her ladyship being accommodated with a seat among the lawyers. There was one of them — a vory young man, In a shabby gown and rumpled wig, but with a fair complexion and tolerable features — a stranger to that court, and better known at Hicks's Hall, and among city litigators, with whom he had already a certain repute for keen wits and a plaus ible tongue — about the youngest advocato at tho English Bar, and by some people said to be no barrister at all, hut to have put on wig and gown two years ago at Kingston Assizes and called himself to the Bar, and stayed there by sheer au dacity. This young gentleman, Jeffreys by name, having deserted the city and possible briefs In order to hear tho Fareham trial, was Inclined to resent being ousted hy an obsequious official to make room for Lady Sarah. "Faith, one would suppose I was her ladyshlp'3 footman, and had been keeping her seat for her," ho grumbled ns he reluctantly rose at tlio usher's whispered request, and edged himself sulkily 0 H to a corner, where he found just enough standing- room. It was a very bard seat which Mr. Jeffreys had vacated, aud her ladyship, after sitting there over two hours, nodding asleep a good part of the time, began to feel internal slnkingB and flutter- lngs, which presaged what she called a "swound," and necessitated recourse to a crystal flask of strong waters which sho had prudently brought- in her muff. Other of Lady Fareham's particular friends wero oxpocted — Sir Ralph Masaroon, Lady Lucretla Topham, and more of the same kidney; and even tho volatile Rochester had deigned to express an Interest In the case. "The man was mistaken in his metier," he had told Lady Sarah, when the scandal was discussed In her drawlngroom. "The role of seducer was not within bis means. Anyone could see he was In love with the pale sister-in-law by the manner In wliicli he scowieu at ner; nut it is not every woman who can be subjugated by gloom and sullenness, though some of 'em like us tragical. My method has been to laugh away resistance, a3 my wlfo will acknowledge, who was the cruellest she I ever tackled, and had baffled all her other servants. Indeed, she must have been In Butler's eye when he wrote — Tlmt old Pyg— 1 what d'ye call him— mallon That cut liis mistrcsss out of stone, llad not so linrci a lioartod ono. Even Lady Rochester will admit I conquered without heroics," upon which her ladyship, late Mistress Mallett, a beauty and a fortune, smiled assent with all the complacency of a Blx-months' bride. "To see a man tried for- an attempted abduction is a sight worth a year's Income," pur sued Rochester. "I would travel a hundred miles to behold that rare monster who has failed In his pursuit of one of your obliging sex!" "Do you think us all so easily won?" asked Lady Sarah, piqued. "Dear lady, I can but judge by experience. If occasionally obdurate to others you have still been kind to me." Lady Sarah bad nearly emptied lier flask of Muscadine before Masaroon elbowed his way to a seat beside her, from which he audaciously dls- lcdged a coffee-house acquaintance, an elderly lawyer upou whom fortune had not smiled, with a condescending civility that was mora uncivil than absolute rudeness. "We'll uliaro a bottle In Hell after tho trial, mon ami," he said; and on seeing Lady Sarah's look of horror, be hastened to explain that Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory, ero tho cant names of three taverns which drove a roaring trade In strong drinks under tho very roof of the hall. "Tho King's Attorney-General Is prosecuting," answered Sir Ralph, replying to a question from Lady Sarah, whose Inquiries betrayed that dense Ignorance of legal technicalities common to accom plished women. "It Is thought the lady's father would have been glad for the matter to he quashed, Ills fugitive daughter being restored to his custody — albeit with a damaged character — and her elder sister having run away from her husband." "I will not hear you slander my dearest friend,"1 protested Lady Sarah. "Lady Fareham left her husband, and with good cause, as his after-eon- duet showed. She did not run away from him." "Nay, she had doubtless tho assistance of a carriage and six. She would scarce foot it from London to Dover. And now she Is leading grand train In Paris, and has taken almost as command ing a place as her friend Madame de Longuoville, penitent and retired from service," "Hyacinth, under all her appearance of silli ness, Is a remarkably clever woman," said Lady Sarah, sententiously; "but, pray, Sir Ralph, If Mistress Angela's father has good reason tor not prosecuting his daughter's lover — Indeed, I ever thought her an underhand' hussy — why does not Sir Denzil Warner— who, I hear, has been at death's doors— pursue liliu for assault and batter)'?" "Nay, Is so still, madam. I question If ho be yet out of danger. The gentleman Is a kind ot puritanical Quixote, and has persistently refused to swear an Information against Fareham, where by I doubt the ease will fall through, or his lordship get off with a lino of a thousand or two. We havo no longer the blessing of a Star Chamber, to supply Stato needs out ol sinners pockets, aud mitigate general taxation; but his Majesty's Judges liavo a capacious stomach xcr flne3, and his Majesty has no objection, to see his subjects' misdemeanours transmuted Into coin." ... And now the business of tho day began, the panelled enclosure being by thi3 time crowded almost to suffocation, and Lord Fareham was brought into court. He wis plainly dressed In a dark grey suit, and looked 10 years older than when Lady Sarah had last seen him on his wife's visiting day, an un interested member of that modish assembly. His eyes were deeper sunken under the strongly; marked brows. The threads of iron-grey In his thick black hair wero more conspicuous. Ho carried his head higher than he had been ac: customed to carry it, and the broad shoulders were no longer bent In the Strafford stoop, Tho spectators could see that he had braced himself for the ordeal, and would go through the day s work like a man of iron. Proclamation was made for silence, and for ;in- formation, if any person could give any, concern ing the misdemeanour and offence whereof the defendant stood impeached; and the defendant was bid to look to his challenges, and the jury, being gentlemen of the county- of Bucks, were cailed, challenged, and sworn. The demand for silence was so far obeyed that thero followed a hush wltbjn the enclosure .of the court; but there was no cessation of . the buzz of voices and the tramp of footsteps in the hall, which mingled sounds seemed like the rise and fall of a human ocean, as heard within that panelled sanctuary. The lawyers took snuff, shuffled on their seats, nudged each other, and whispered now and then during .the reading of the indictment; but amopg Lady Fareham's friends, ana ine qunmy w geuo- ral there was a breathless silence and expec tancy; and Lady Sarah would gladly have run her hat-pin Into a snuffy old serjeant close be side her, who must needs talk behind his hand to his pert junior. . To her ladyship's unaccustomed ears that in dictment, translated literally from the Latin ori ginal, sounded terrible as an impeachment 1m the subterranean halls of Vehm Gerlcht, or la the most select and secret council In tho Vene tian Doge's palace. The indictment set forth "that the defendant, Richard Revel, Baron Fareham, on the 4th day, of July, in tho 18th year ot our sovereign lord the king that now is, at the parish of St. Nicho las in the county of Bucks, falsely, unlawfully, unjustly, and wickedly, by unlawful and Impure ways and means, contriving, practising, and in tending the final ruin and destruction of Mrs. Angela Ktrkland, unmarried, and one of the daughters of Sir John Klrkland, knight— the said lady being then and there under the 1 cue- tody government, and education of the satd air John Klrkland, her father— he, the said Richard Revel, Baron Fareham, then and there falsely, unlawfully, devilishly, to fulfil, perfect, and hrlng to effect, his most wicked. Impious, and devilish Intentions aforesaid — the said Richard Revel, Lord Fareham (then and long before, and yet, being the husband of Mrs. Hyacinth, another daughter of the said Sir John Klrkland, knight, a sister of tho said Mrs. Angela), against all laws as well divine as human, Impiously, wic kedly, Impurely, and scandalously, did tempt, Invite, and solicit, and by false and lying pre tences, oaths, and affirmations, unlawfully, un- justly, and without "tho leave, and against the will of the aforesaid Sir John Klrkland, knight, la prosecution of his most wicked intent aforesaid, did carry off the aforesaid Mrs. Angela, she con senting In Ignorance of his real purpose, about the hour of twelve iu the night-time of the said 4th day of July, in the year aforesaid, and at the afore said parish of St. Nicholas In the Vale, in the county of Bucks, aforesaid, out f the dwelling- house of the said Sir John Klrkland, knight, did take and convey, to his own house in tho county of Oxford, and did then and there detain her by fraud, and did there keep her hidden in a secret chamber known as tho Priest's Hole in hIs_o'wu house aforesaid, at the hazard of her life, and did oppose her rescue hy force of arms, and with his sword, unlawfully, murderously, and devilishly, and In the prosecution of his wicked purpose did stab and wound Sir Denzil Warner, baronet, the lady's betrothed husband, from which murderous assault the said Sir Denzil Warner, baronet, still lies In great sickness and danger of death, to the great displeasure of Almighty God, to the ruin and destruction of the said Mrs. Angela Klrkland, to the grief and sorrow of all her friends, and to the evil and most pernicious example of all others in the like caso offending; and against the peace ot our said sovereign lord the King, his crown, and dignity." The defendant having pleaded "not guilty, the jury were charged tn tho usual manner, and- with all solemnity. "If you find him 'guilty,' you are to say so; It you find him 'not guilty' you are to say so, and no more, and hear your evidence." The Attorney-General confined himself to a brief outllno of the tragic story, leaving all details to be developed by the witnesses, who were al lowed to give their evidence with a colloquial freedom and expanslveness. The first witness was old Rouben, the steward from tho Manor Moat, who had not yet emerged from that mental maze In which be had found himself upon beholding tho changes that had come to pass In the great city, sinco the well-remem bered winter of tho king's execution, and tho long frost, when he, Reuben, was last In London. His evidence was confused and confusing; and be drew upon himself much good-natured ridicule from the junior who opened tho case. Out of various muddle-headed answers and contradictory state ments the facts of Lord Fareham's unexpected ap pearance at the Manor Moat, his account of his lady's illness, and hl3 hurried departure, carrying tho young madam with him on horseback, were elicited, and tho story of the ruse by which Mrs. Angela Klrkland had been beguiled from her home was made clear, to the comprehension of a superior but rustic jury, more skilled in discriminating the points of a horse, the qualities of an ox, or the capacity of a hound, than In differentiating truth and falsehood In a story of wrong-doing. Sir John Klrkland was tho next witness, and the aspect of the man— the noble grey head, fine fea tures, and soldierly carriage, the old-fashioned habit, the fashion of an age not long past but al most forgotten, cnllstod the regard and compas sion of jury and audience. "Let me perish if It Is not a ghost from the civil wars!" whispered Sir Ralph to Lady Sarah. "Mrs. Angela might well be romanesque and unlike the rest of us with such a father." A spasm of pain convulsed Fareham's face for a moment, as the old Cavalier stood up tn the wit ness-box, towering above 'the court Iu that elevated position, and after being sworn, took one swift survey of the Bench and jury, aud then fixed his angry gaze upon the defendant, and' scarcely shift ed It in the whole course of his examination. "Now, gontlemon of tho jury," Bald tho At torney-General, "wo shall tell you what hap pened at Chilton Abbey, to which place tho de fendant, under such fraudulent and lying pre tences as you havo heard from the last wit ness, conveyed the young lady. Sir John, i will ask you to acquaint the jury as fully and straightforwardly as you can with tho circum stances of your pursuit, and the defendant's re ception of you and your Intended son-in-law. Sir Denzil Warner, whose deposition wo have failed vo ULHiuu, uul wiiu euuiu ruium iiu luuia tvuiwu are not equally within your own knowledge." "My words shall bo straight and plain, sir, to denounce that unchristian wretch whom, until this miserable business, I trusted as if lie bad beou my son. I came to my houso, accompanied by my daughter's plighted husband, within an hour after that villain conveyed her away; and on hearing my old servant's story was quick to suspect treachery. Nor was Sir Denzil back ward In his fears, which were more Instantan eous than mine; and we waited only for the saddling of fresh horses, and rousing a couple ot sturdy grooms from their beds, fellows that I could trust for prudence aud courage, before wo mounted again, following In that wretch's track. We heard of htm and his victim at the inn, whore thoy changed horses, sho going consent- iugly, believing she was being taken In this haste to attend a dying slstor." "And on arriving at tho defendant's house what was your reception?" "Ho opposed our entrance, until he saw that we could batter down bis door If he shut us out longer. We were not admitted until after I had sont one ot my servants for the nearest constable; and before wo had gained an entrance into his houso ho had contrived to put away my daughter In a wretched bldlng-place, planned for the concealment of Romish priests or other recusants and malefactors, and would have kept her there, I believe, till she had perished In that foul cavern rather than restoro her to her father aud natural guardian." "That Is false, and you know It," cried Fare ham. "My life Is ot less account to mo than a hair of her head. I hid her from you in save her. from your tyranny, and the hateful marriage to which you would have compelled her." (To be continued.) 