2C0V,- FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PPJGE OF A LIFE Bt FABIAN BELL. ■ "U*r<r'T ci '* Ajteb Isjsg Ye jls.v* ;<St '••The 31. AHaS-L^aH":? Dij LM05Tr%" The HoT.VE I> THE FzLL.-/7 " The Lzr rrs. rs CirH£H/! " Hz She, *"The K SEO 07 ■-the AEjL" £!•:., etc. CHAPTER XXYTTL .. RoLEiT Get- Hold or the Clue. Grircshaw, like many other;, had learned wisdom by hLs nrst failures. On a second expedition he 20: only inquired at the ordinary erganised mining and digging centres in and around Bailsrar. bat he ex tended hi= ssareh far and Trice among the out lyinz district?, often following up a wrong scent. and spending days and weeks in useless search for the nun who was at that very in'.incii'.Sguricgas a socialiion in Melbourne. Bat the Jiang engineer had thepatiecce and perseverance of a sleuth hound. and was not to be deterred from his task by any number of cirSccldes. He was naturally of a con stant disposition, and that which had once presented itself to his mind as a duty bound iim to its fulfilment frith a keen sense of obligation. The thought of Eulalie, which mishtjje expected to have had a deterring inS-oence, acted in precisely the opposite tray. He knew her better than she knew herself. He knew that in loving Hardcastle she had loved not the real man, but an ideal who had never'existed, and he felt sure that if she once really saw him in his true colors the glamour would fail from her eyes, and she would be no longer deceived. What would be her fate thenceforth, bound by the irrevocable tie of marriage to an utterly un congenial spouse, he did not consider. Neither did he understand that such know ledge might mean for her the entire ship wreck of her life. At Dead Man's Flat he got the clue in bis hands at last. There he met with one of the two men who had fallen into Canon Gully on the night of the great storm. By an almost miraculous chance these men had alighted, not on the rough-pointed rocks, which would most certainly have caused death or terrible mutilation, but in a water-hole, where there was sufficient depth to break their fall, and although somewhat Etunned by the concus sion, the instinct of self-preservation caused them to strike out for the shelving bank, up which they managed to climb, and there, dazed, confused, and dripping, waited for the storm to abate, ar.d the sua to rise, that they might return to the township. Fortunately they had crawled out of the hole on the same side that they had come in, otherwise when the creek swelled to a greatfoaming torrent,they might have found it impossible to re-cross it for hours or even days. But as soon as the sun rose, they "found the landslip, up which they painfully crawled, looking in vain for any trace of the_ man aad horse which had passed that way a few hours before, and whose footprints had been long since obliterated by the pitiless storm. ' And did you find your way back easily Y asked Grimshaw to whom the above account was given. 'Oh, yes, but it was a weary trarcp, and we were pretty well dor.e up before we got back (o the camp, having eaten nothing for twenty four hours or more and wet to the skin, so that when our clothes began to dry upon us we were so stiff that we could scarcely move. My mate got the rheumatics that night, and he has never been'free of them Bince, buthe has gone to Ballarat now to get some stuff from the new chemist. I hope it may do him good, poor chap bat I doubt it. That rheu matics is an awful thing when it once gets hold of-a chap. There's no getting rid of it, | nohow.', ' ' Very true,' said Grimshaw, sympathet I ically, 'ana you think he got it that night?' 1 ' Not a doubt of it. The only wonder is that I am not the same or worse. Yon see when that villain, corse him, told us to go right on, we did so boldly, the plain having been so smooth up to that time that one might have walked on it blindfold and so we literally walked over the precipice. Fritz was a step or two in advance. As be went over he uttered a cry and I tried to save myself by throwing myself back and making a clutch at the bank, but it was all loose and it fell away under my hands. F.or one awful moment I felt myself falling, falling. Ob, the horror of it. Sometimes I dream of it now, and wake all in a swoat. It was not very far really, but it seemed' miles and rnile3 ; and the speed of it nearly took away my breath, and I suppose it would have dor.e so altogether if I had had much further to fail. I hadn't time to think of anything ; it passed in an instant, and then I struck the wa'er. For a few moments I musfftiave been really un conscious, bu'. I am a good swimmer, and I struck out from sheer instinct, for the next thing I can remember was struggling in the water with Fritz holding on to my leg like grim death. Of c-urse I shook him off and made him put his hand on my shoulder, and we soon scrambled out. It was only & small hole though very deep, and it was that which saved us. We had scarcely got out when there was a flash of lightning, and the rain began to fall in torrents. It was like a water spout, I never saw si"ch rain. If we had not been wet through before we should soon have been wet through then. It was also pitch dark, and the place was so rough and strange that we did not know how to get out of it without getting into more difficulties. It was not until the morning that we found out that hwosalong narrow gully, and saw a place j where we could climb out. So we sat all night with the rain pouring upon us, only moving when the creek rose and we saw the white edge of the torrent at our feet, and then we crept a little higher under the edge of the bank ; and if it had risen much more it must have carried us aw;;y, for we had do strength left to fight against it. In the morning we were stiff and all our limbs ached. But we could not stay there. Fritz, indeed, refused to budge, and begged me to leave him to die, but of course I couldn't do that, and as soon as .it was light we crawled along and found our way out of that sully and got back here. But as I said before Fritz has had the rheumatics ever since.' ' And the man who pJaved you the trick Hall. Have you seen him since 5' i 'Never ; but I owe him one, and I mean to pay him or.e of these days.1 ' You think he sent you over the cliff on puroose ?' ' Of course I do.' He said go straight on : we went on and fell like rats into a trap. It'E not his fault that we are either of us alive at this moment, and no doubt he thinks that our bodies are rotting at the bottom of some water- hole in that hideous gully. How he'd shirt if he saw me.again ; he'd think I was a ghost,' ' And how long is it since all this hap pened V ' About two months.' Grimshaw thought a few moments. ' Shortly before that time,1 he said -was Billirs-t asking for the whereabouts oi { iiisniia HtG, or rather rL.rdcs^tlr, forthar- ' bis real rare. How — as it ths.t I conic not j hear anything about bid T ! ^1 suppose you didn't ass the risht x>sopIe, I and I don't think Hill was ever at Ballsrat. i He came up from Melbourne with a Yankee i digger cased Stsbbs, -he. is s norsd pre-?- ' t-"----'T ^nd uttootnaotj-v Inckv as he La= nL3.de ! severe] good Ssds. tviere* he picked up I Hill I doa'tkno*-, bat we *ere all surprised i -O sna that ie cac set a te~ nare, and such i a suriy chap as Hall. Tier joined several 1 o-hsrsard jr£re rrcrktDgb^refcrsc-tsetnonths. ! bet ttse el-- pit 1= pirehy acd 5 lot of the ; •he cliisns were defers : asd Stcbbs s«t ; rsstl=ss_a:;i thottght be ozsh- to be dofng I soKe:ha:z setter. » be bejss re leave the • camp and ^aader abotir prosp-scting. We 1 knew whit he ~a= up to—'.v.V~^ £,jt a new ! and, and we rris-d_:o track bis: : ~bnt be was j too cure for iben one dav they broke j their csa? and cave oat that sea® of them i were gotrg to Me-ipounte. Three cf them ■ Trear, hot tse other tnree stayed c-s : aitd a j riiabt or two ~fter they hooked it." i ' At ntght .' ; 1 Yes. tbat niade it more stLsptcio~s : attd : ■= mide certain th=y bad a zc-z-i fttd some- ' where._ We knew tbat they must eotne back for tucker, and o-rcue w^sto watch for them roand the store. So at last —ben Halleime ia we —ere on tbe look-out, ay taste and I : though of course we never let oti to atlvone whs.t we were np to ; and —ben be left* the township we followed bin at a little distance. And tbat reminds as that just before they broke np tbeir camp 2. m? n was here asking for cr.e Hardsastle. Conrad Hardcastle I think the name was ; Yes, yes, cne-d Grimshiw. ' Of course, we dida t know be meant Hall, 'oat I believe some-one asked at tbeir amp if they knew anything of him. ' A near shave/ remarked Grim-haw. ' Yes, but a miss is as good as a mile. Any how, we never suspected him. By the iray. what do yon want him for r ' .Robert told, adding, ' I have a long account to settle yon see, and I mean that he shall Day me in folL' 'He's a Tisc&l; if ever there was one,'re turned the other, ' and he had better not show Ms face here again. c-r he will bi lynched to a dead eeri&inty.; ilea have been'strtmg cp on t(=e nearest tree for ranch less.: = ' Has ke never »me back here for more tockerr Xo we've been always on the look-out, bnt we've seen nothing of him.5 'Xor the Yankee that you spoke of, Stubbs? ' Xo nor bira either/ • That's strange. Perhaps some accident has happened to them. I must have a hunt round. I suppose yon coald Eho~ me the gully yon spssk of.' 'Oh yes.' They rode «.nt to the curious canon which ; bss been so often referred to in this story, ana the minershowed Grimshaw the spot wherehe and his m*te hadfillen over.and when they cautiously looked over the precipice they both wondered at the almost miraculous escape. Proceeding along the bmk ihey came to the landslip, and perceiving that it was the only spot for miles round where the sully could be entered, they rightly supposed'that this was the place where Hill had crossed it. 'Yonder then lies our way,'said Robert, pointing towards the low hills in the we=t. ' And what is that! I think I see the slint of water in the distance.' ; I can see nothing.' said the other, shadin* his eyes with his hand. = ■' Yonder, just below those hills. How far off are they, do you think ? Twenty miles ? ' More than double, I expect. Distances are deceptive on lbese plains. I expect they are fully forty miles, perhaps more.' ' Well, I shall go back to the township, and get as much tucker, as you call it, as I can carry, and to-morrow I shall start at day break, and go straight for those hills and search them thoroushly. 'Alone?' ' Why not 'Look here ' We're stran2ers, or were a day or two ago, but if we've not got the same friends we've the same enemy ; and that's something. So if you're willing I'll come along and help you. Two are better than one at that sort of work. The claim has been doing a little better of late, and l'v° a few ounces to the good, so I'll leave a message for my mate and start with you to morrow. I know he'd come too, but then his rheumatics are that bad that he wouldn't do much good. But I could easy get two or three more to join ns if you wish. Say. are you on ' ' I shall be glad to have you if you like to : come, and I'll pay you wages if you can't £Kord to give the time.' ' .No, no, I could'nt take it. It will be better to me than a year's pay to meet that -scoundrel face to" face, where no one could step in between us.' Grimshaw's eyes-flashed sympathetically. * So be it then, but remember I'm entitled to the first round. If he escapes me, you can try your hand.' - , CHAPTER XXIX. A Grand Fete. The story of Dr. Strong and the finding of the derelict boat and her ghastly crew 6ervea as Hall had so quickly divined, only to strengthen hi3 position by awakening and confirming the interest already taken in him, and keeping him always before the public. As the luckicst digger in the colony, and ! probably the cleverest man from one end of it to the other, he began to feel that he had reached the pinnacle of his highest ambition. Already he had been approached with the entreaty that he would allow himEelf to be nominated as a candidate in the approaching election fnr the House oi Representatives and there could be little doubt that be would have been returned with acclamation ss the M.H.R. for East Melbourne. He de clined the honor on the plea that his stay in the colony was uncertain, at the same time hinting that farther entreaties might prevail. If Stubbs or Jakes had appeared at that moment to accuse him of their intended murder he could easily have defied them and dared them to do their worst. Xo one would have believed them. In tbe same way had Grimshav? called upon him to redeem the ^ past, his testimony would have been received with incredulity. If one had risen from the dead it would have been the same. Verily great is the power of gold, and when combined with intelligence and unscrupul ousness the three are irresistible. Hall knei*- this, and gloried in the knowledoe ^Vhat I should have lost if I had allowed one scruple of conscience or abstract principle of so-called right or wron** to stand in my way. There's no such thing as abstract right or wrong. ]n different cir cumstances the right is wrong, and the : right. If I had not wrenched myself j _rom tbe old ties which annoyed and disgusted me, I should never have attained to the position which I now hold. If I had believed in all that rot which the parsons talk I might still have been struggling with financial difficulties in England, or diffinsr for wages on the flat. Ni, if a manias talents, he is meant to use them, and if he gets into r. tight place he must do hi3 best to wriggle onf. After all, it's only another example of the survival of the fittest, and an illustration of the truth of Darwin's theory.' •- . , Absolutely free, and with money at com mand, be revelled in his freedom, and de lighted in a life of the most daring con tr;.?t?, alternating between the decorous society of Eila Mason and her friends, and that of the Bohemian quarter of this'very Bohemian city. Esciternenr, variety, and perpetual change, these were the things in which his soul delighted, and thecont rast could never be too strong or to« violent to please him. At all times a man of strong vitality, under the semi-tropical skies of Victoria his ^vhc-le sensual nature had developed to an astonishing extent, and although tempo rr:n!y held in check by the hard work, scant ^re'. an<^ p^city of amusement of the digging?, (he desire for e-.'ery kind of plea sure had been steadily crowing dur:n« the enforced abstinence. = Freedom with him meant licence, and in bis secret pleasure among cirds, dice, and bad women, his money took wing very rapidly. But what did that matter to one who possessed the knowledge of a cave to which that of Aladdin was a mere trifle • whatever he threw away there was always plenty behind. Before he had left Crow Gully three months, he began to conternplste the possi bility of a return. In order to baffle curiosity smong the bank ing authorities, especially his friend Mason, he withdrew a large sum ostensibly to place it in his lawyer's hand for investment, but in reality to deposit it in another bank,'so that it might be drawn up without comment for his jess creditable expenses. Nothing but his iron constitution could have endured the strain of his dual existence. On one hand the late hours, and constant fcild excitement oi AlsaiLs, on the other, the. mud disspition oi a leoeption, a bill at1, Goverament Hoase, or the Grand Stand st Flemingtan. The "finesse and stratagem re quired :o pass from the one life to the other' was in itself a pleasure to this curiously con stituted milt He took bo farther step* either to bar an estate in the country or a bouse in town. Tce suite of apartments in the Metropolitan hotel suited him better than either. As Alexander sighed for ne« worlds to c-JEQcer, so he sighed for some new form of dissipiticn or excitement. 'I must gj to New 1'crk or Paris, this place is too small for me ; bat before I go I will give then a new sensation in Melbourne. Then Til reris;c the treasure cave, and re plenish av parse.' He had received countless invitations to every sort of social runction, and as a bache lor he hs-d not been Able to make anv return for these except in the -r.ost perfunctory mincer, and dub- be conceived the ices of ziric:ih~ Melbcnrnkes a fete on 3 scale or m?_sn:scenee, or wiieh they had never before seen a specimen. Mrs. Itssoc. as his first friend, he ap plied for advise and assistance, keeping all the details, ho-sver, in Lis own hands." Yon sno^,* ha sa-d to 2er ' that I have received many invitations and kind attentions irotn the Melbourne people, and I should like to make them sotns return. I hare no bouse in wflicb to receive people, bat I thought that if I aot two cr three marquees erected I conld give a^dance andsupptr to my lady friends, providing yon and your daughter Trill kindly i act as hostesses and receive dt snests for me.1 J Hor delightful,' cried Mrs." Mason, with enuson : ' don' t you think so, Ella V '* That depends on circm~isnC6s,' said, tiis girl, indinerently, ' tents are too hot for dancing in, especially at this time of the year ; and the noors are always bad, and, on the whole, I think a suite of rooms in a 200a hsuse preferable.1 ' If you honor me so far as to come te my little partj I think I can promise you that the tent will not be hot and stony, and that the floor Kill be properly laid.' Mrs. Mason hastened to ber daughter's 'Oh, I'm sure ir will be charming. I shall feel it quite an honor to act as temporary hostess. Ton know I look upon you as quite an adopted son : since it wa3 at my hoOse that you made your cebut in Melbourne society.' He bowed his acknowledgements. ' As for Ella,' continued her mother, ' yon know she likes to make herself more valuable by anecting an indifference which she dees not feel. Is it not so, my dear C ' Yon say so, ma, and it would be rude to contradict yon.' ' Miss Ella knows that beautiful girls can afford to be ditBculr,' said Hall, and in his neart he thought, * Impertinent lit'le minx' giving herself the airs and graces of a princess. I wish she were in my power for a time, that J might humble that nroud spirit in the du3t.' ■ Mrs. 3fason smiled and brIdled. ' I'm sure you're very kind,' she said. 'Shall we draw out a list of names 1' " I have already done that,' he said, presenting her frith a formidable catalogue, 'Will that do?' She glanced quickly over it. ' Yes, certainly, admirably —el!. I see , you have asked just the right set. But surely you cannot entertain so many at one time in a tent ?' She smiled. ' Why not. Ix tbe tent is big enough !' ' Oh, I did not think any tent could hold ; so many without an awful crush : and as I Ella says, tbe weather is hot jost now.' ' Bat I hare promised Mis3 Ella that she shall not be inconvenienced, and I mean to keep my word.' ' You will never find a big enough tent in j Melbourne, why not hire one of the city I hal'? or put up a temporary wooden build | ing 1' | 'Temporary buildings are ugly and difficult ; to decorate, whereas yon may do almost any | thing with a tent, it is in itself so pic turesque. However, we shall see. I will make the necessary inquiries and have the invitations printed. Since you are so kind i as to give me your valuable aid, I shall ven | ture to apply to you from time to time for advice.' This he said to please her, though he had not_ the most remote intention of asking or taking advice from anyone. He intended to astonish Mrs. Mason as much as anyone else, by the splendour and perfection of his entertainment. Accordingly on that'very day heordered foor of the largest marquees to be made to 3 design of bis own so that if the night were fine, the upper part of the canvas could be removed, leaving nothing but the pole and guy rope£, which latter would be hung with colored lights while a ball of white fire burned on the summit of the pole: and the canvas walls would act as screens against prying eyes. The largest marquee was to serve a3 the ball-room, another as a reception and promenade room, third as a conservatory, a fourth as the supper room, while smaller tents would form cloak rooms and retiring rooms, smoking and card rooms, wherein the taste of every visitor might be consulted. The idea wa3 truly gigantic; and tbe expense promised to be fabulous ; for at that time labor was at its highest, and an unskilled workman coald earn from ten to fifteen shillings a day. But Hall said, ' I don't care what it costs, let it be done.' And it was done. ; He then purchased a piece of waste land, and set all the gardeners to work to turn it i into a tasteful flower garden with green turf, gravelled paths, and parterres fall of pot plants. This he surrounded with an eight foot fence to insure privacy, and tbe fence was in its turn hidden by living shrubs. In one part of this garden a floor was laid for. dancing, so that if the evening should prove very oppressive part of the company could ad journ thither and dance in the ' plein1 air. There would also be two bands, one inside and the other outside. The ballroom itself was to be draped with sulpbnr-eolorei silk of that peculiar tint which seems almost to '; emit light, and is as becoming to fair beau- • ties as to dark ones. It was festooned with white lace, caught up here and there with j clusters of natural roses, pure white and ; amber. The reception tent, where the' guests would enter, was draped with shell pink fluted silk, the floor covered with a delicate carpet, there were abundance of comfortable seats, and tall plants in pots made cosy corners here and there. The decoration consisted chiefly of long narrow mirrors so arranged as to increase tbe appa rent size of the room and reflect half-a-dozen times over the pretty faces and charming toilets of the ladies. The supper tent was draped with pale irridescer.t blue and silver, a tone of color which was carried out in the countless little tables, each one covered with a pure white cloth with a blue centre on which glass and silver sparkled like gems. On a larger table in the centre was an im mense block of ice resting on a bed of the greenest moss and ferns, and Eurmounted by a great silver fern, which appeared to spring ■ from tbe centre of the ice, rising so high that its graceful silver-lined fronds formed ; a natural roof, through which the stars of the sunfmer night could be seen at intervals. The conservatory was, however, the crowning triumph of the suite. Here again large mirrrrs had b'en employed to eive the effect of almost limitless space. The bu=h f.,r miles around had been ransacked fc.r the most beautiful plants, fern?, and mosses ; thfise were skilfully intermingled with sweet and rare flowers, the canvas walls were en tirely hidden by climbing ferns and other creepers, the refreshing tinkle of running water and the splash of a silvery fountain filled the air. The lights were subdued, shining only ?.t intervals through the greenery-like gigantic glow worm?. When all was finished the scent of Sowers, the sound of rushing water, the languorous delicious dusk of the summer n;j>l:t would fill every sense with the fulness of complete satisfaction. And those who aiterr/ards entered this charming spot paid to it the homage of a sigh of speechless admiration and content. Even Ella Mason was forced to confess that it was perfect, though Bhe added below ber breath, ' How could that man have imagined any thing so beautifulr!' The four principal tents were connected by short and wide passages, draped and lighted to correspond. There were no por tieres to hide the long vista of varied and brilliant lights and colors. 'It's like fairyland,' said the young colonial girls who had seen so little. ;Itf3 like the transformation or a panto mime,' said the more prosaic mothpva.* 'It's deuced draughty,' said the rheuma tic fathers. But all dechred that it was the most splendid and costly entertainment ever vet 1 given in what was destined to become the 'r queen city of the south. Mrs. Mssca had never felt so proud ana so, happy in her life as when she stood in the reception -tent to receive Mr. iLul's guests. The perfection of the sppointmeats had been as great a revelation to'- her a? to anyone ; bat she took Cire not to mention rids, and silently accepted her fall share of the admiration that was buzzed into her e*rs by nearly every fresh arrival, for few c-uli restrain »ae exclamation of surprise *nd admiration; all the greater because the host hid taken care not to let anyone into his secret, and had auny excuses for inviting the company to mes: in a tent, as he bad no honse ;a which to receive them. The fact :hsr Mrs. Mason hsd been chosen to £11 the post of hostess, and that Ell* ut course assisted her mother gave color to the report that Ella was to be the bride of the lucky digger, and that Mr. Hall had at last made his choice. A thousand trifling things strengthened this rumor, of which the sir! herself was completely unconscious, and which her mother by judicious hints and carefully veiled inuendoes did her. utmost to encourage, the wish being, in her case, father to the thought. Ella hsd no idea of the net, the glittering meshes of which were being drawn around her by the hsad which she trusted most, and which should have been the last to deceive her. • But,' said Mrs. Mason to her most inti mate friends, • what can a girl ask fur more than a rich and indulgent husband ? * • TVh3t, indeed ?' they echoed, p3-e with envy at Ella's good fortune. ( To'oi corJi'-jcd.) 