SHIPPING TELEGRAMS. (First (June Correspondents,) PORT PHILLIP HEADS. Armenian Session and Stephen, from Westernport May 19 Waitemata, from Kulpara. SMITH May 0 Hannah Thompson, for Port Campbell CAir Schanck - Inward -May (1 £11 in am . Schooner Outward -May 0- 8 00 am Weather May 10-7 10 a m Ketch 8 a m Steamer (red funnel, black top) 0 a m Schooner. Mines. Pno_o\Toiir -Inward May 0 8 10 a in 1 ther is 1 May 10-11 so a m Elingamite. 1 p in Armenia The pin Wendouree Outward \- May of 2 am Steamer. J SO a m Steamer V 0 n m narmbool 8.0 a m barque May 10 1 train (,niccnsolilT 8 15 a m . Despatch. D p lb ever known Port Ah hit -Sailed -Mr) Maitland, for Melbourne Wauiisashool..-Sailed-May 0-Oob1iio, for Melbourne 1 oitTi mi Sailed -May) 0 Julia Percy, for Warr usual no end Mrs Case i -Mai 10-6 TO a m A barque passed south 1 36 pm steamer, like Douglas,", passed sou li case IsiAsn May 10-0 11 a m Train passed wife 1" noon Royal Tar, from New Zealand to Melbourne, passed west. 4 30 p m illuminate passed west! Ill 11 WILL, N S W -Arrived -Mo O-Ilccstiini,', from Melb ounce subsidy -Arrived -May 6 Britannia, from London, 1 ismailia from Auckland May round of Aiicittl, from Manchester Warrigal, from London Omrah, from Hobart, Arawatta, from Brisbane , 1 line, from South Africa '.iiliil-Mnt it Timbo, for Hobart Intcriuore for valparaiso via Newcastle , solicitor Claim, for san 11 thence via SS while May HALL nee 7, for the solomon I Emily i train, for Melbourne Warrego, for his time, UiilliuUa, for Melbourne, him and Wallan, lot Hush he MtvcvsTiK.-Airlvetl -May 0-Inicrmnrc, from Sydney , Wavertree, from MlllritllH Lillie, Chief finn Um 1 well ) , Robert! Sudden from returnable , N, It tore down from M de t >? illiteracy li- ll finish t, for Catherine Hill It is full of Oinoit, fur Noelle i May 100th but und 1 time, for Huno lulu IlinsiiAsi - Arrived -May 10-Dcivienl from Perth at li I till Aldermen, dom Ituildabil.! Ittniliji from had li and full I n lo, from Noumea -still- V] is I-Mtvvnlli must Ivoiiootiani for Still n Armin for Cool town Biennials for libel li n in li n (lil! if -claim, for Mount he'll r Air-Gunner Sir Mr Stuart arrived at Cooktown in seniority from saints file Hill u of lit annually from I on a arrived at Ivenptl lit on Murnini HUH Hu I muslin to fit in at Townsville "in "-un I iv m ii ram; for Brisbane Miss II in until at Townsville on Hllllil is firm silly In I Arthur Towiwvllleon-tin Itv article in it I iWimt Hu MniiniM li lll.iilimoii Sunday an in me for Brilliant The Mont shire, from It is he will arrive in Keppel Bay) on Sunday The Ortona left Uni tnvviiriiSulunliv ttirStilntv 11.11 -Arrived -May textiles, from Port 1 residence, daily Dal), from Ardrossan , 1 fifth Alla , front Salt (Creek I Isle, from coast play 0 ) in this, room I sprang from May iS Colac, from I n n m' sharp A A.. ghost Boy, for Arno Hu) I third for I premiere May James Comrie, (01 MueeiKilllT, Cue j, for Stansbury , Warooka, for Edithburg; Sonnesberp and Wollowra, for Melbourne May IO-Piako for London Port Virus.-Arrived-Mav Hi-Earlook, from Adelaide Sailed -May 19- Severus, for London, Union for Sydney via Wallaroo UATnxMMs still Bav-Sailed-Mai 0 Industry), south AtiRvn -Sailed -May 9 Port Melbourne for 33 du c3 Hntunr Sided -May Oonah for Sydney) Strahan Sailed -May 6 Australia, for Melbourne Ufvonport-Arrived -May Falcon, from Melbourne Sailed - May Glendon, for Melbourne THE RMS Oroya of the Orient If he, took her departure from Port Melbourne for London at 1 0 on Saturday) afternoon, with mails, papers cen and cargo Thrlatch Wellington and the schooner Glengarry, arrived in the bacon batur la) from I Launceston THIs Glaucus bruises 1 770 tons of coal from Kembla She arrived in the bay) on Saturday after a fine weather passage The steamer Tagliaferro from Albany direct, arrived in the bay on Saturday) She brought six saloon and 65 steerage passengers Alban) was left on the (red man and fine northerly weather prevailed to Cape Nelson where the vessel met with a mo- le tate to f 1 each northern) half and overcast conditions Tiivsteimere Wodonga for Sydney and Norkoowa for Kembla left the but on Saturday) The schooner Waitemata from Kaipara, arrived outside Port Phillip Heads last evening The steamer Marloo which arrived from Sydney on Saturday experience I lijJiL winter) winds and fine weather to 1 rwueiiLorv thence to arrival fresh southerly) winds and fine weather having been realised, to which before the last of the art unions is disposed of about Jt'oO more will be added. The following vacancies for state school teachers are announced by the Education department -School No, 33, Ballarat, first female assistant, third class , 250 the ming ton, fill bale, 1,020 Balwyn road, and 2,420 Allendale first female assistant, fourth class ; 275 Wandiligong and 23) Hamilton, female assistant, eighth class, and 822 Bowman's forest, 1,857 Nanneella, 2,220 'Sorell Creek, 2,111 Upper Flynn's Creek, 2 825 Lang Lang East, _,j')8 Ulupna West, 2777) Strezlecki, 2 702 Strathmerton West, 2 !)b5 Glencoe, 3 150 Lockhart's Creek, ,I,lS>b Tintaldra 1236 lineman South, and 2500 Bundalong South, head teacher. The following appointments have been made Head teachers, Joseph H Smith, 232, The Basin, and Edith Barr), 2,15, Brooklyn. First remain Assistants-Eveline Nettleton, 2'U,Ifnvvthorn .MargaretDoughs, 1,000, Daylesford, Margaret I left, 2,101, Vvurrngul, Esther Carter, 122 Creswick, Margaret Raleigh, 2,001, Moonee Ponds West, Llennor Churcher, 2500, North Melbourne, and Emily J. Darke, Jill, Melbourne. The Victorian Softgoods Association are among hall in the Melbourne 'Town hall on I'niloi, June D, in aid of the funds of the Alfred Hospital and the Old Colonists' Asso portion His Excellency the Governor and Lady Brassey have signified their intention of being present Customs bond has been secured, Mr Skinner will do the entering and the Melbourne Tramway Company have consented to run cars until 9 a m on June (> the time of closing the hall Up till the present no expenses have been incurred, and the association hope to be able to hand a substantial cheque to the charities named. 'J lie Municipal Surveyors' Board has issued certificates of competency to the following gentlemen -Mr. A. Abbott, Beechworth, Mr A. E Aughtie, Albert park, Mr V, M. Calcutt and Mr E G. Ritchie, Melbourne, Mr C W. Ceram, Warrnambool, Mr. A. M. Johnson, M Windsor, Mr. V A. Larkins, South Melbourne, Mr. W. C Smith, Elsternwick, and Mr. J. It Taffs, Geelong. The board also issued certificates of qnnhlicntion to Mr. W. S Dawson, Spottiswoode, and Mr. J, C Ross, Warrnambool, and placed Mr. G Williams, Mount Marino, on the hat of clerk of works. 'The Railway) department has accepted the tenth r of W Barry for the erection of 11 porters' room at Prahran station 111 the sum of £112 8s '9d. The committee meeting in connection with the Try Society ball, to be held in the Prahran Town-hall on the schedule. will be held at Como, South Yarra, on Thursday next, at 11 11 in. Mr W. E Nott gave the fifth of his series of organ recitals in the Australian Church yesterday afternoon, in the presence of 11 large audience. The programme included Bath's Prelude and league in C minor, fruit farms' Communions major), Mendelssohn's allegretto (EobgiSitng Symphony)), 11 finely) conceived and well written roaning, At Sunset," h) Mr. J. A. Mallinson, of this city, and Best's brilliant 'Toccata in A. Miss Grace Kemp and Mr. H J. Robinson contributed vocal solos An extra nattai is announced for next Sunday, owing to the fact of Professor Tucker, who was to have lectured, being indisposed. As the Bishop of Melbourne will hold a "Quiet Day) for the clergy in St Paul's Cathedral to that, the Cathedral will be closed to the put The until half-past I o clock when it will be opened for the name chord evensong at a quarter to 2 The fact John Ainluilanco Association announces that a womens Unit niel class will be commonness of the Cont,rtuationiil Church, Ilnlttyn mail, Cuntcrtiur), on Tuesday (1.0 morrow), at 3 o'clock, p.m , Dr Gilroy), lecturer, Miss Eileen, hon sec. Vieira Ginilnell, Blackett, and Co will hold 1 vale of conileiillieil store-, lightship, c at the Alfred Green"' Hock, Vvilllttiniitovtti, this morning, by order of the Coiiiiiilndloiicr of Customs. The train leaves Flinders street at lo p n 111. TO DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. City Council Election, Gipps Ward. Polling S and. toO p.m. Matriculation Esnmmation,University, commencing 9.10 n in. Cacique Inquiry, Custom house, 10 a.m. St. Vincent's Hospital Ball Committee, Town hall, 1 p in. St. Paul's Cathedral Evensong (Choral) at Allen. Service, Roberts in D. An- them, " Hear My Crying" (Weldon). "Socialism of Moses," Lecture by the Rev. Dr. Abrahams, Protestant-hall, 8 p m. Law Courts See " Law Notices," page 5. Auction Sales. See "Abstract," page 2. 