The Sketclier. Sonic Scottish Ghosts. Castles and Mansions that are Haunted Scotland, the land of deep enthusiasm '; and poetic feeling, is essentially a laud of superstition; witness the llrin belief of the peasantry in the weird traditions of the AVest und the Highlands, in the un canny apparitions, foreboders of evil to 'the family' to 'whonr they belong, and'. . theiivavoidauee of ? the -so-called abodes of ghosts and evil spirits. Xor do they stand alone in their beliefs ; among the upper class credence is given to 'much' that is supernatural, and not without cause, as the history of the ancient Castle, of Glamis iu Forfarshlre relates. Although the' whole house abounds in. mysterious noises and ghostly visitors, one chamber in particular is kuowii as the 'Haunted Room,' and access to this fearsome place is only known to Lord Strathmore, his heir, and the factor. There is no doubt whatever about the^ uoises;one night when they were in ore ; weird and unearthly than '-usual, the present Earl, with several choseu com pauious, determined to investigate the cause, and went to the room. Hardly ua.U:iii$ lordship opened the door, when he fell ba-jk- swooning. Nor could he over be persuaded to tell what he saw, or even to mention the subject. One old story is that during a. feud between the Mndsays and Ogilvies some of the latter clan, in Slight from their enemies, besought hospitality from the owner of Glamis. He gave them shelter in this room : but, under plea of hiding them, left them there to starve. It may have been the sight of the ghastly re mains which startled the. Earl, but what ever it was is still a secret. Another story is that of 'Earl ratio.' celebrated for many vices, but above all for that, of gambling. He played continually, hob nobbing with his humblest servitor, could he not obtain another partner. However, one ' Lord's Day' no one could be persuaded to play with him. The chaplain heaped anathemas on the head of any one who dared to desecrate the 'Sawbath' by touching the 'Devil's bricks,' as he designated cards. Earl Patie, rather than be thwarted in his desire, invoking the ' l'oui lieud' to room. The ' deil ' came, and then the fun was fast and furious ; curses, oaths, and shrieks terrified the inmates, and the butler, uraver than the rest, putting his eye to the keyhole, had it sorely scorched for his curiosity. The Earl, coming out for a minute to get the wherewithal to settle up with, returned only to find the room empty, and no where could any trace of his ghostly comrade be found. After his death, live years later, the same noises., were con stantly heard issuing from the room and along the corridors. Allaubauk, the seat of the Stuarts, is haunted by the ghost of ' Pearliu Jean.' She was the wife of the lirst baronet, and a Frenchwoman, whom he married in Paris and deserted. When returning to his native land she appeared at the last moment to bid him good-bye, and stood on the forewheel of the coach to address him. Sluch annoyed, he bade the postillion drive on; the lady fell, and the wheels going over her head killed her. On his arrival home, when driving iimlpr the :ivch(-d entrance irateway. Sir Robert saw ' Pearlin .lean' sitting on the top, her head and shoulders covered with blood, and for years the rustle of silk and patter of Louis. XV. heels was heard along the passages. There is perhaps no more notorious ghost than the ' Airlie Drummer' ; his haunt is an ancient stronghold, Cor tachy Castle, belonging to the Earls of Airlie. Whenever his drum is heard those round take it as a sure token of the speedy death of one of tho Ogilvie family. The origin of the story is that the jealousy of a former Lord of Airlie was roused either by the drummer or rlip nHicpr whose messenger he was. In rage he thrust the man into his drum, and liung him out of the window of the tower in which the music is usually heard. The victim threatened, if his life were taken, to haunt the family, and he has been as good or rather as bad as his word. The music of the hapless drummer has often been heard, and quite recently, within the memory of those living; in 1S44 before the death of Lady Airlie, and in 1S40 before the death of the ninth Earl. Spedliu's Tower, now a ruined Border fortress, was long haunted by the spirit of a miller named l'orteous, who, being suspected of arson, was incarcerated 'n the dungeon by Sir Alex. Jardine. Hav ing occasion to go away from home, he forgot all about his prisoner, who per ished of hunger. No sooner was he dead than his ghost began to torment the family, and gave them no rest night or clay. At last, by the aid of several ministers,, the demon was exorcised, and a Bible was placed in a niche in his cell. Years after it was thought necessary to have the Bible rebound. Accordingly it was sent to Edinburgh for that purpose. It had not been long on. its way before the ghost left its dun geon, lied over the river to the new home to which the family had recently removed, hauled the baronet and his wife out of bed, causing much terror and disturbance. Only through return ing the Bible to its niche in its old con dition was Porteous's revengeful ghost quieted, and peace again restored. \Aroodhquse: Leo, tfie. seat of the Fraserr Tytlers, is visited' fiy the spirit of Lady Hamilton, of Bothwellhaugh. Her hus band is known as the murderer of the RegentMurrayatLinlithgow inlS59,aud surely no assassin had ever greater pro vocation. Knowing Lord Hamilton was from home, the Regent seized his house, turned his wife and- child- out naked' into the fields ; before, morn she was a raving lunatic, her infant,, dead,, pro bably murdered) aud-'nowi Jber, ^restless i .spirit haunts the abode 'of .'her' 'former' uappmess. ran ox ine masonry ,or the old building was' used 'fo'r'-th'e present mansion, which is built on the Pentiand Hills, -four .miles distant- ffoin, the scene of the tragedy ; and but a fewcyears -ago the domestics. were .terrified by .the' apparition of a lady robed in white holding a child-in-her arms.'Whichrshows' the spectre is 'still' faithful to her old home. ,-/,(' ,' ; i ' The Inverary ghost Is' 'another woll autnenticated story, the hearse of which drives up to1 the door1 of tlie1 Castle be fore the decease of any member of tJie Argyll 'family.'' Tf is saicl, during tho illness of the late DuoKesV'tliat two of the servants at Inverary, while resting in the gloaming, heard the noise of tylieels, unbarred the groat door of the ent!raice-hall, and, on opening it, found 'ndthiug there; Shortly afterwards they;heard of the- death of their mis tress. - ?? i i f - Dunvegan, the home of the Macleods, the oldest inhabited castle of Scotland, Is visited-by those delightful spirits fairies. x.There is still the fairy flag, given centuries ago to the Chief of Macleod by the fairies, and which al ways brought them victory when they took it into battle. A room in the tower is devoted to them, music and dancing are often heard, but all vanishes when the door is open.—' Gentlewoman.' ? 