Here and There Madame I. Bene continues to attract crowded levees at 29 Tamar-street, and her delineations are said to be astonndingly accurate. A rifle match between the Toqiedo Corps and the Launeeston Bifie Regiment was fired on the local range on Wednesday. The Bide team won by 119 points. The exhibition of the Northern Camera Club, where some thirteen hundred amateur photos were on view, was certainly one of the artistic events of regatta week. Harry Rillalea, well- known in the city where he formerly carried on business as a stonemason, met with a fatal accident at Zeehan. Deceased was i- general favorite, and much regret is expressed at his sudden deiniei at the age of 28. Mr A. S. Acres is the first draper in the city to adopt the electric light, and the Elizabeth- street " Bazaar " sheds lustre round and about it, and brilliantly illuminates the tempting display in its own windows. The Tasmanian Mail this week contains a supplement dealing with the Launeeston General Hospital, giving an account of a visit to that institution, with splendid views of the building aud wards, and excellent photographs of the leadSb officials and nursing staff. A Sydney laborer was last week charged with attempted suicide. He stated in court that he had done only fonr months' work in two years; was strong, able, and willing, but could not get employment, and preferred death to existing on the charity of others. His wife pleaded for his discharge, which was granted. The Talisker fire inquiry resulted in the arrest on Wednesday of six members of the Gee family. Each has been chazged with arson and conspiracy to defraud the insurance companies. Superintendent Fincham insisted on tangible bail, which was forthcoming, and prisoners were remanded until tbe 13th inst. " Parsons teach that human nature Aint a blessed bit o' good— No more use, in any feature, Than a bit o' rotten wood. And man goes tbe way he's pointed, Never human nature tries, So be can't be disappointed When he never gits a prize!" Mr Henry M. L^Jdn, for 13 years the popular manager of one of the departments at Dempsters has been compelled to leave the firmthrough ill health. A suitable presentation was made by his fellow employees' snd the head of the firm contributed a cheque and a lot of good wishes for Mr Lakin's speedy recovery and future success. At the Talisker inquiry Barrister Collins found fau't with the construction of the jury on the score tbat one of the jurymen, Mr Henry Crawford, was local agent of an insurance company- This was regarded as nothing more than a lawyer's quibble at the Crown prosecutor, as those who know Mr Crawford are satisfied that he is a long way above allowing his business to interfere with the conscientious discharge of his duty. At the conclnsion of the Talisker inquiry. Superintendent Fincham thanked the opposing counsel warmly for his consideration and politeness to a non- professional, and congratulated Mr Collins on having read and taken to heart those splendid teachings which set forth that abuse was not argument. And he said it without a smile or the ghost of an official wink. In some of the cantons of Switzerland all the dead, rich as well as poor, are buried at the public expense. Coffins and all other necessary articles are furnished on application to certain undertakers designated by the Government. Everything connected witn the interment is abso'.ut jy gratuitous, including the grave and the religious service. All classes avail themselves freely of the law, Farewell meetings to Commissioner Coombs take nlace in Launeeston to-morrow and on 'Sunday, when Colonel Eilbey, Major and Mrs Gover, and a large number of field officers will be present. The Commissioner has proved himself an able administrator, and his popularity extends beyond the limits of the Salvation Army. When he quits Australia the cauBe of social reform will be poorer by the absence of an earnest worker. Messrs. Nicholas and Co., who are so well and favourably knuwn as artist photographers, announce that they have taken those up-to-date premises next to Messrs. J. C. Eerguson and Co.'s establishment in Brisbane-street. The rooms are fitting np in the most modern and artistic style, and the display of photos, and picture 3 are in .themselves an attraction. The excellence of Messrs. Nicholas' work is of wide repute and is testified to by the honors secured at the various exhibitions, and with new appliances they may be expected to achieve still greater success at the new establishment. Photos are taken by either lady or gentlemen operators, and the tariff has been considerably reduced, The firm has no connection with any other in the city. 