THE SUFFERER IN THE STORM. Nor a zephyr stirred tho expectant elms. Thov lifted tber arms against tho starlit sky in shadow tracery, and motionless as a forest of coral in tho tideless dopths of a southern sea. Naturo neither sighed nor smiled ; she was silent. If tho streets had not at intervals echoed the prattio of childish voices, a ohill would have struck to tho heart, though tho summer ghost evening that had orept into winter. The cloud still rose. It was a cloud indeed. It stroiohed across tho west, far into north and south, its base lost in tho shadow, its upper lino defined nnd ndvnnciug swiftly, surely, flanking tho city and shutting out tbo 6tars with its mighty wings. Far down the west the lightning began to tear tho mass, but still tho spell of silcnoo re mained. A vague terror grewwith tho oloud's soundless advance. Naturo is moro frightful in her silences than in hor voices ; thoro lis something in tho most furious seas thunder ing upon tho rooxs, in tho rush and roar of tho mo9t forooful of tempests, in tho lightning when at havoo, that stimulates and rouses after tho first shook. Men toss arras nnd shout and become part of tho tumult. Tho elements within thorn leap to tho mother call. Not so with hor silence. AU within ur sooms to bo drawn into It, and towards tho absoluteness of silenoe, which is death. But \vhen this strango hush is combined with terrlfio notion, when the vast forces are so swift as to outrun sound, thon, indeed, seems death armed with weapons of destruction and tho ohill of fo&rloaps; forth. So oh this' night oamo tho 6torm, resistless, silent. In rald-water6 it was horn. Whero ihe ourronts of two ooeans inout, aud tho sea ifflms ill frill in eternal circles, gtfteiofi those winds, Thoro thoy fought and oon- tonded and vexed the waters in frightful carnival, as the Vandals of old, preparing for eruptive war, mingled their ranks in savage contliot and mad anticipation of coming orgies. On camo tho cloud. Now tho city was half surrounded, its walls pealed. Half tho stars were gono. Somo of tho Hying battalions had even rushed past 1 But thoclm stood ohango- less, immovablo, asleep! Suddenly ono vivid, oraakllng, tearing, deafening flash of intonscst light split the gloom and tho thunder leaped into the city 1 It awoke thon 1 Every foundation trembled ! Every treo dipped furiously. Tho winds burst in. What a tumult I They rushed down the parallel streets and alloys, theso barbarians ; thoy camo by tho intersecting ways! Thoy fought each othor frantically for tho spoils of tho oity, struggling upward in equal conflict, carrying dast nnd leaves and debrin. Tboy were sucked down by tho hollow square, they wept and mourned, thoy sobbed about doorways, they sung and cheered nmongtho chimneys nnd tha trembling vano3. They twisted away great treo limbs and hurled them fnr out into the spaces wblah thought uing hollowed in tho night ! Thov drove every inhabitant indoors, and tugged franti cally at tho oity's defences ! Thoy toro off shutters and lasbed tho houso tops with tho poor trees I Peace and tho stars woro gone. Fury reigned. The focus of tho b&ttlo; was tho cathedral. It was tho citadel. Hero wero .wrath and frenzy and despair I The wind swept around and upward with measureless force, and at timo6 seemed to lift tho great piln from its foundations. But it was tho lashing trcos that deceived tho oyo ; the cathedral stood immovable, proud, strong, whllo tho evil ones hurled their maledictions and soroamcd defianco at the vory door of God's own heart. In vain I In a far-up nlcho stood a weather- beaten saint— the warden. Around him tho itorm spent its fury, in impotence. In tho smile of triumph ! Tho hand of God upheld him and kept the citadel, whilouuseon forces swung tho great bell to voice his faith nnd trust amid tho gloom ! Thon oamo tho deluge, huge drops, bullets almost in fiorcenoss, shivering e&ah; other until tho street lamps seemed set in driving fog through which tho silvered missiles flashed horizontally — a storm travelling within a storm. But whon tho tempest weeps its heart is gono. Hark! 'Tis tho voioo of tho great organ ; how graod, ' how noblo, how trium phant 1 Ono burst of melody louder than tho rest breaks through tho Btorm and minglos with tho thunder's roar. Tho deepening tones rlso under tho strain and hear it away under tho now ohnnting winds. Tho bar barians, as thoy roll thoir ranks into other lands, aro singing the songs of tho Roman defenders they eould not overwhelm. Within tho cathedral thoy aro celebrating tho birth of Christ. Without, the olements repent tho socne whon the veil of tho tomplo was rent; celohrating a birth within, tho birth of a child in a manger ; whllo at tho cathedral door, tho storm heating her down, with not oven the sheltor of manger, lay a woman in mortal agony. Tho storm had passed. The sounds that camo to tho car out of tho night woro from dripping eaves and triokling tendrils. Tho lightning still blazed vividly, but silently now, and 'at each flash tho soeno 6tood forth an instant as though somo mighty artist was making pictures with magnesium. A tail woman, who had crouahed as ono under tho influence of an overpowering terror near tho inner door, now orept to tho outer beneath the arch and looked fearfully about. Sho wont down tho fow steps to tho pavement. Suddenly In tho transient light a faco looked up into nors from her feet ; a facethat seemed not -human, Tho features were convulsed, tho eyes set. With a low cry tha woman slipped hor arms under tho figuro on tho pavement, lifted it as though it wero that of a ohild, aod disappeared in tho night. It was thus— ay, thus— nhe had found hor lost daughter, tuo daughter who had fled with hor lovor less thnn a year ago. And this was the end. 