THIj PRICE OF A SLAVE. I Bud;and I sat on the high banks of the ravine Watching the gophers on the other fide. W« was mad that morning, for Alvira had told on us again—aho was always doing it!« Wo lived on a farm. Alvin’s onr sister, and at that, time sho wont to the town school; I s’poae that’i, why she pot'tfn so many airs. * rJ >; I After we’d soared the gophers into their hole! we sat still and thought awhile At last 1 "Bod, wbatfll you do pay her up ?” Now Bod’s kind .ojf chicken-hearted; he nevei ■ .can think of anything very bad, much • less da it; so, to give him time, I made a cheese of my skirt, and kept whirling all the way along the bank to the cellar, where pa bleaches the oeiery, and back again without ever falling down once. When I got back Budgaaktd— •• Whatll you do, Juaiina, to pay her up ?*' I like to scare Bad, and make him look up to me; so I crossed my.eyes and sho wed my tee th, like we do when we tell the Indiad story to-the new scholars that como to onr school, and says, way-down in my throat— !4 I’ll sell her for a slave 1”; “ Oh, .Toaty,” cried Bud, •• how awful! -Would yon ?■ • 441 would,” I answered ; and to show him how unconcerned I was 1 took a turn down the bank of-the ravine oa cur toboggoaslide. : We don’t have a chance to slide much ' ’causa pa makes a terrible fuss aboui that cellar door, and we have to get Hans Francis to pull it up every rime before haTgefif homo*frdm'town.* < We keep on the good ‘ side of ’Hans Trincil by telling him diunet’s ready before we call; the otl^er men, :soV bej can ga in fl rst' He likes Christie,-'‘onr hired and 1 i*pose they'll‘gef married somo day^Stra then w'tf WtinVhave any more sliding, and I’ll have to wash the dishes, too.. It does 'seem as iF everything goes wrong in this world ! - After I’d slid down the ravine arid walked up.again, Bud said, kind of- reproachfully— ** .Tasty, there ain’t no snch thing as a tlavtJ. They’re all free.” Of coarse I koefr there wasn’t ;any more black slaves, bat I didn’t think Bud did, so I was kind of at a loss what to answer, when all at once I• thought of what ma said one time about Brown’s, oversouth of us :: Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man I” • So I says 44 There’s slave’s aow, just the same’s ever. Mr; Brown’s wife is 000.** Bud thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown wonld take Alvira. I have to langh at Bod sometimes, he’s so inno •• Of course be wouldn't,” I answered. “But wo conld sell her to a man who' hadn’t a slave already^-on awful meandooking man ” • Bud began to weaken at tbi$, so I went on— ••Of course we couldn’t get anything for her; We’d probably have to’ give the.man something to boot, to get him to marry her; but I guess if you’d had to wear her old clothes’, as I have, you’d bo willing to do most anything to get rid of her. Look here,” I went on| standing up and holding out my apron; 11 its made out of her old -skirt. How’d you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud r” * ‘ ' i “Well, I’d want it made.into pants first,” answered Bud, kind of hesitating. “Yes,” I said, 41 and every boy that saw you would say, 1 There goes Bud Syhester with his sister’s skirt on I* ” . v “ They wouldn’t!” cried Bud, getting red in the Tace. “ It’d be sewed into breeches !” 44 They’d know it just .the same, and tbeytt ask you if you had a heirloom on.* ’ . This brought Bud^over,.to. my” way of think iug, as I knew it would, for if. (here’s anything in this world that makes him mad, it’s to be made fun of. i - .-v ; ; We couldn’t think wbo wo could ei?t .to, m* rev Alvira, **»<1 wunUtor oua sston the out^ido greenhouso door,’ that-slants, and talked it over. There was no one mean enough to suit us but Ed Rickets, the man that tends to pa’s celery. They plant' it out in; the fiefcl all summer, over rows of tiling; * and wo don’t like Ed, ’cause one time-when he - put the' hose in one end of a row^to run the;wafer across the field we chauged the nozzle, when he wasn’t ooking, into the moat around the castle we’d built; then we forgot about it, and the moat overflowed and flooded the field. Now if ife had been Hans Francis he never wo old hare told; but Ed did i - • ' . ■ ; It was nice and sunny on the greenhouse door, and we’d taken our time to it, and said all the moan things about Ed Rickets we could think of, when all at onct the door began to raise op. After we’d rolled off Ei Rickets stuck bis head out and said— *» Aw, now, you’re just joking, ain’t you ? ” Just wait till we pay him up I Then we went along the creek to hunt for Bl£g<r heads, and while we was there vrs come across a man walking alpng with his bands be hind him. I thought^ soon-as I saw him that he would make a good slave otjney, and i just asked him if he was married. ’ ’ * He laughed, and wanted to know where wo sprang from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all; we was just hunting around; and be asked him what he was doing. ' He sobered np then and walked along with us, and said he was n professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian' I asked him what-Jndian relics was, and he said they was beads and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a loDg time ago ; and did we know of any mounds around here ? That set me thinking: I did know uf qne, and I winked to Bud to keep still; then I said to tho prof* ssor— 14 What’ll you give for an Indian mound ?” He langhed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he’d give a good deal. ; Bud seen then what I was after, and he 44 Mr. Professor, are yon married ?” “Why do you- want to -know that?” he replied, laughing. • Then I whispered to Bud,'-and he-.whispered to me; and we-decided we’d better-tell'the-, professor, the whole thing, and make him an offer.' So we.tQld him if he wasn’t married, and wopld.many onr,-sister Alvira and- make her a slave, we’d give, him the Indian mound and call it square. . He laughed the most I ever seen anybody laugh, aud asked us if we meant it. Then ho inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and everything. I told'him yes, she was; and the Indian mound was a good one, ’cause I’d got some beads out of it 1 could show him. He then asked us right out where it was—ias if we were such fools as to tell 1 Bud says, •*Oh, no, you don’t!” and winked. This made the professor kind of mad; and he walked mound a bit with his hands in his pockets , then ho asked— 44 Where can I see your sister - Bud told him we’d fix that, and ha must Swear he’d never tell w word of what we said to him, for we wouldn’t show him the Indian . mound, After he’d done it we asked him. to go to tho big greenhouse while we was eating sup-. . per that night, and wo’d come down and hido _ him where ho could see Alvira when wo brought:. her there. ■ I forgot that that was the night when Hans Francis smokes the greenhouses, and we did • have an awful time of it. We pntthe professor in a kind of crib -in tho forcing-house. After anyone got in it was .pretty hard to get out again ; then, too, it was very dusty. 1 The smoke of .burning tobacco stems is all' very well when yott*re nsed to it, but when you ain’t—well, you just can’t stand it, that’s'all. And,, besides, the professor didn’t know what burning j he thought the whole house was However be got out of that *. crib I can’t imagine, bat jatt m we’d,all got arranged' '•round tho outer odgo of one of the fnrnace pile, end Alvira was going lo tell tho first ghost story,* like we‘always do nights when llicy smoko the greenhouse, said tho smoke was so thick you could- scarcely see the crib, all to onct some one dropped out uf ifc, hollered “ Fire,!" ■ If there was aninch in all them 10' 'green houses that the professor didn’t run or fall over I’d like to know it.' I-think he upset’ovary single thing that wasn’t nailed down before he got out' • Hans Francis was carrying the little ■beet iroh store they 'burn the stoms in from one house to anolher, and the professor had to knock it endways, of course, jtist as pa fell ' into the furnace pit. Well, the “burglar” got away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. I’m sure I couldn't say,- ’cause Bud and 1 sneaked off to bed about tbattime. : . Wo didn’t see the professor again for' some days, and then we found him one: morning walking along the creek looking for (hat mound. Ho didn't act at first as if he was glad to' seo us, and even when Bud told him we hadn’t a thing against him he just looked at da in sur prise and said— - ’ “Well, if yon are not the most impudent children!” I don’t think that was very polite I After: a while he came around, and asked n« how our lorely sister was, and. then we fixed it- up to -hare him call nponpa some crening to oonsult him about books; He could come home on Friday evening, soVAIvixa would be at bone;, and I’d fix it so that she’d come into the room.. I heard ma calling me.then,.and I had to go into the house.: After I’d gone Bud got things mixed, and told the pipfeqsOr to.come Saturday evening instead. ' : . .’"When Friday night came I got Alviia to fix up by telling her I wail most sure I heard pa invite one of the.Briston boys over.- I knew - she couldn’t prove anything by pa, ’cause he forgets awful bad. - The professor didn’t coma’ that night, and I couldn’t imagine why, ’cause Bud had gone home with Cousin Willie, and never told me! i Saturday night we was all except pa tired ant, and went to bod early. I never seen such a person as pa is—he’ll sit up till two in the morning and read Byron’s poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvirs stayed all the week in town, and when she came home Friday night she had to sleep on a sofa in a little recess in our parlour. Now oar house ain’t bnilt like the houses in towD ; it don’t have a front hall, so when you open the front door yon step right into the parlour. ' After everybody was asleep in tho house but pa, there was a knock at the front door. Fa’s a dear, good man, and we just wouldn't take anything in. the world for him, but he’s the awfulest person to forget! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. Ho brought a lamp and set it on the parlour table, and then opened the door. Of course it was the professor—what other luck could you expect ? Fa iusiite I on his coming right in, and when he found out who he waa they begin to talk about books. Alvira soon'woke up, and just had to lay there with the bright light shining in her face, and thoso (two men sitting quite near her. They couldn’t see anything except her face and bead, as the recess was partly' curtained off, and the sofa almost entirely hidden. But ter head was enough; it looked awful. It’s the style now to wear your hair crimped; Alvira curls her short hair with a cnrling iron, but the crimp ing sho dees' on big hairpins, which stick out every way and made her head look real funny. By this lime ma and I was up and trying to save her'; we could see her through the crack of the'door, her cheeks like fire. She was so angry with pa'that I just expected to‘sec her fly at him; and there pa sat, gently stroking bis whii-knr- uric! nmIltnKr tuft ■ VL-rypftrnoulnu* -tion of 'goodwiirto'man. *■ Ma stood back in the hitting-rooro, where the. professor couldn’t see her, and made frantic motion* lb catch hl's eye; and when .it last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do? In stead of taking the hint .and excusing himself he just stopped abruptly what he was saying, and turning uponma a beaming smile asfced her what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into tbe parlour then and tell pa to bring his company out into ‘the sitting-room, Thnre was a smile around the professor’s moustache all the rest of the even ing, and he looked at me once and winked. Pa liked him very much, and ho cat and talked till 11 o’clock." He told pa he ought to send me to tho town school, ’cause I was a bright one. He came to our house lota of times after that, and as soon as Alvira was through school he . married her; but my ! you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I mode that match; she thinks.the professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pins on her head'! Alvira is the most deluded creature! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never could have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to-go inside oF the cellar and dig straight out in a certiin place,, and there was the heart of the mound. We found our beads right on tbe cellar wall, and wo didn’t know it was a mound till -I thought of it. The professor dug right in with a shovel and his haDds. The idea of put ting your hands in such a mesi! You’d never catch me doing it! __ 