CHAPTER H. £100 Reward.-Any peraon giving such information as may lead to the arrest of Giles Mearly, who is wanted for the murder of Amos Cowling, of Vadiham, on the night of December 24, 1872, will receive the above named reward. A. B. TRAVIS, Chief-Constable, Pendragonford. In Pendragon and other places were posted up rough prints and descriptions of Giles Mearly as last seen. All Longshore was bent on hunting him down, did we but except Joanna Price, who would have given even her own self to save him. As a matter of fact Giles still lurked in the neighbor- hood, trying to decide whether he should give himself up to the police or allow that detested body to have the honor of finding him. On the 28th day of December, in perfect disguise, he entered the inn at Whalley, where he took a seat and listened attentively to a local f ai mer named Cabriel Gage expounding (aa best he knew how) the apparent motive Mearly had in committing the recent atrocious crime. All eyes were fixed on Giles as he entered. In his self consciousness of guilt, he quaked ; but had not the power or daring to withdraw. "Now, stranger," said said Gabriel, itch to renarrato that very cherishable event of love and blood, "say hast thou ever heard tell of so fearful a deed during thy walk through life." '* I have," replied Giles, coolly. "Get away wi' thee, lad," exclaimed Gage. "I can assure you, mates-Giles ad- dressed the entire company-" that not every man who commits a murder is neces- sarily a hardened villain. Before ths cir- cumstances of the case transpire and have been proved, one does well to allow some discount off the stigma that attaches to the missing perpetrator. For why? Well, if any of you murdered a man I should not join in the popular denunciation until I knew how and why and when you had done it; for, you see, you might have done it merely in the heat of your passion, without malice aforethought." "Curse those scholarly tramps," ex- claimed one. " Doesn't it say in t' Bible ' a life for a life?"' The rest came down on Mearley like a sw*rm of bees, in a torrent of iuclemency and abuse. But a rebuke from Gage hushed th-m up, and he followed up the goodness of Kome of the " scholarly tramp's" remarks thus: " You aren't far off the mark, stranger. Not 'hat I would befriend such a man as this murderer of AmosgCowling ; but I do honestly believe that gentleman hypoocritea there are in this world-always proper to look at on Sunday, be sure-who do, if in- quiry could be made into their daily lives, deserve as great punishment as the mur- derer of the sort ye name. Vet we have a law, a watchword, ascriptural motto, and we judge and fulfil on the basis of ' a life for a j life.' Did nob God, blessing Noah and his j sons, say unto them: 'Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed, for in the image of God made he man.' That gets at our modern theories, stranger - ay, it does that. Our law will go on ignoring all those little tyrannies which come uut of some men as long as they live, and it will go on playing death with everybody who in a passion fatally draws blood. It is therefore the duty of every passionate man to keep proper control over himself." "Godbless you for your fairness," said Giles. "He ought to have been a judio," ob- served one listener. " If he'd been a judge he'd have torn t' black cap into raga." " What is that, stranger?" inquired Gage, sharply, as a result of Giles' remark. " What I have said I have said. Before I go, there is one thing I should like to know -which is, why do you, a far- seeing and discriminating man, sit here encouraging the gossip, which can scarcely do otherwise than blacken character ?" Giles contemplated for a moment. " God forbid," then said he, " that I should commit gossip of such a nature any more. ... But, methinks, as thou art a stranger here, and peculiar enough in thy talk for a philosopher, thou mayst happen to be, or to have been, friendly with Mearley. I " Perhaps you may next say I am enough like him in the face to be his brother ?" " Sure, now, that is a bit of thy im- pertinence." The other members cf the company stared hard at Giles. Perhaps, unless he took better care of his p's and q's, they would begin to trace a likeness about his features to the rough prints posted on walls and hoardings in the neighborhood. But he would not decamp and leave all that company putting heads together to arrive at some reason for unorthodox views. When Gabriel Gage called "drinks round," Giles profited by this act of generosity along with the rest. A little later he became more daring than was justifiable. " My own belief is," he said at a venture, " that the body . identified' as Cowling's was not Cowling's at all." " Tell me, wa3t thou on the jury ?" de- manded Gage, crabbedly. "I was not." " Then thou art a very sawny fellow to : make such a remark." [ " It is the, shape of my convictions. If that body was not Cowling's at all, then Giles Mearley is to be greatly pitied, pro- tected, and compensated. If he were to step in here now, 1 should befriend him." " Thou art a gaunless fool, man. Victoria's law is to hang the murderer. Times gone by, murderer's had to be beheaded ; and I say there are some murderers who deserve a fifty times slower kind of capital punish- ment than either hanging or beheading. Hanging, beheading, shooting, garottiog, guillotining, are all too fast and kind for such as premeditate a crime. There's nought like penal servitude for ihc majority of wrongdoers; but for such an offender as Giles Mearley, I should prescribe one hun- dred lashes with the ' cat' and let him go. No, I couldn't befriend such a man." " Don't talk to me like that. I could prove that Amos Cowliníí had every desire to see Mearley doomed to execution. There was a woman in the cbse. If you jury held an inquest over Cowling's body, I'll rn-" He got no farther. With this unnecessary and somewhat frivolous remark, tiles took his departure. He went slowly along the old lane past the church, turned under the archway of the abbey, and entered its de- serted quadrangle, to at length sit down on a hassock of lichened stone, propping his head up with his hands, and poûdering over his misfortune. All the events of his life whirled past, as when a man is drowning. And he saw Jonie in vision. She came whispering to him words of hope in the gui-e ofanaugel. "Come a little nearer," he said, putting out Iiis hand. But the figure was solid-moral ; it was Jonie her own self. Giles's heart fluttered, and he arose. Ye3, Jonie had indeed come to meet him at the tryst of the olden, golden clays. "So, dear," said he, "you are come to look at your eternally slumed lover, are you ?" " No, not eternally shamed," her answer came. "My own father was, in truth, edging Amos on lo make an end of you, and heaven knows how you were helped to nip their naughty scheme in the bud." "Pray tell me more," cried Giles, excitedly. " ¿on remsmber when, coming down ' Pendragon towards Barley, you saw Amos and me together. Well, the cowardly fellow, having got scent of your approach, fled like a ghost gone mad. He had been telling me how thick he was with father, to whom he iliad lent some irioney the day before. Father then told me plainly that unless I married Amos, both you and I might expect our deserts. After you left me at our farm gates, Amos came to the house, but I slipped oat into the fields, and it was my terrible misfortune to be found there by him a second time. You know what the result whs." " I do Jonie, to my sorrow-although I probably treated Cowling as he deserved. I killed the man, as probably he intended to kill me, subtley, some day and somewhere. And yet, sweetheart, sometimes I fancy that he is not dead, but living. Be that as it may, I have decided to give myself up to the police." " 0, no, Giles-never ! never !" "Then," came another voice, while a man's figure dari ed out from ambush, " you are the man we want, and I myself take the £100 reward." Giles was thereupon surrounded by a party of three. .' 0, it is my father !" cried Jonie. " He has followed me here. 0, you -wicked, wicked man ; Jet him go this minute release him !- or it will be the worôe for you." But Michael Price delivered Giles in charge. There was no scuffling, but Price's guffaw of triumph broke the silence of that sacred ground. Giles' words were few. " My play is played out," said he. " Pray j draw it mildly, men. I go without another I word." 