TTTK BROKEN" PAXP. S. Goedon, IN" THE " JEWISH: Chboxicle."' Thg Judge sat in bis aiuuy. liie cay s j ■work had been unusually heavy : sundry ] poachers, smugglers. horse-thieves. a : political offender or t'.vo. had come up before ofe tribunal, and he bad done his duty conscientiously. That was why he now felt so comfortable as he lounged in Ms grandfather-chair, wrapped in his soft voluminous dressing-crown, warming bis feet at ihe bright blaze in the grate. It was only mid-autumn, bat he was growing old, and his blood ran sluggish, as if it were getting tired or the routine. On the table stood the till reading lamp, burning quietly under its green shade. Bat suddenly the straight steady flare broke into a momentary flicker, and ■ike heavy damask curtains at the window swayed lightly, as if unseen fingers were playing with iheui. Theii the lamp sputtered more violeuily, and the drapery moved with geutly widening curves. The Judge looked cp ; what did this mean ? He felt a distinct gust of wind blowing into the room in a volume of chill night air. Ah, he knew—a pane in the window had got broken, his little son Budolph had driven the bolt of his cross-how through it that morning. A smile relaxed the set lips of the Judge as he thought of the little fellow's tears at the mischief he had done—how the hoy would not be soothed till his father, on his way out to the court-house, had lofted him up and kissed tiirri, and, for stronger evidence of his forgivenness. had presented him witha brand-new silver rouble. He had ordered old Sebastian to see that the window was mended during the day, and the stupid Tasf-il hud evidently forgotten. "With an angry frown the Judge reached for the bell rope; but just as he was about to ' give tongue, bis arm stiffened and stopped motionless—something seemed holding it hack—a sndden thought—a memory. His fist clenched as if he had caught something and would uoi let go. The ■pale, silent-eyed ghost of the past had brushed by him, and now he was clutch ing it hy the skirts. He was a little hoy again—ten, eleven years old. It was the eve of the bfew TTear—his father and brothers, looking spruce and clean, were coming from the house on their way to the evening service. " Come to prayers, you godless little imp ! " he remembered his father saying, " unless you would begin the Xew Tear with broken hones." " I shall be there as soon as yon," the little hoy had answered, pretend ing to be very busy collecting a basket of peat for the kitchen. And then, having waiehed his father out of sight, he went hack to his real business which, out of deference to his fathers feelings, he had momentarily intermitted- It cannot be maintained that the business in question was more important than going to Synagogue, hat for Jacob, that is the little boy-, it had ■much more fascination. He was stoning the weathercock. This afternoon he had been more than usually unsuccessful—the weathercock seemed invulnerable. But Jacob was determined not to he beaten, and that was why he sought a pretence for not following b?i father immediately. At last he grew desperate; from the Syna gogue at the back rose the Declaration of the Unity, it was getting very dark too—-just one more missile and he would be done. Carefully be poised his throw, toot steady aim, let loose and—crash! \- Jacohfeitashiverwriggledowuliishack; what had happened? "Fes, there was no donht of it, he had broken a window— the solitary window of the dingy sitting, zoom where the family took their meals on great occasions. A nameless horror took hold of the hoy. He dared not face his father after this. And as the catalogue of Ms indictments rose before the boy's eyes, he started away with a shriek and van as if an army of fiends with cobbler's straps in their hands were pursuing Mai. j The squalid Jew-quarter lay already j far behind, and he was still running, his : head dazed and bewildered by the' labyrinthine streets of the great city, his \ chest heaving, his eyes staring wildly. : "Whither was he running ? He knew not —he cared not—only away from the hard pitiless face of his father and the whizzing sting of his leather thong. Suddenly he felt some one touch him on the shoulder and he flung himself to earth with a howl of terror. " Spare me, father, spare me—only this once," he shrieked. " Get up, I mean you no harm.'' said a strange voice, and a hand stroked his head almost caressingly. And when he i looted up he saw before Mm a mac in j a long cassock who was gazing at him compassionately. "Ton are frightened—you are fleeing some danger—tell me all; yon are safe with me," he said again. In flying haste and with many a back ward glance of dread Jacob told him what had happened, his tongue lapsing now and again into his Ghetto gibberish. " If T go hack now," he sobbed, "I shall be hair-flayed and thrust into the cellar ever night—oh I" A greenish look crept over his little sallow face, and he reeled and tottered like a drunken man. "Starving, as I live," muttered the cassoekman, looking at him closely; and with that he stooped and lifted the hoy in Ms arms—ihe burden was pitifully light- Then he strode en, and by the time he was entering a doorway Jacob had so - far recovered as to raise his head. ... ; So it had all begun—bis life in the priest's house, the acquiring of strange knowledge; the struggle between the old bonds of blood and the enticements of -Ms new home. Once, and once only, did the former triumph. Xi was cn the fifth anniversary of his flight, when the idle curiosity he still felt concerning the fate of his people grew to a mighty longing. So he stole out into the dark, threaded Ms way, as if by instinct, among the Ghetto streets until he stood before his fathers bouse. Stealthily; he crept up the ladder placed at the side of the window and peeped into the room ; there they all sat round the little table—father, mother, brothers, asters, eating ana making merry as though they,had no cause for sorrow in the .world.- A Jealous anger swept through bis bosom ; they did not miss him—the gap had been - filled, the pane had been mended, i Silently he crept down again .with his resolve firm in Ms heart. Overhead his old enemy, the weathercock, swung and : creaked—but it no longer seemed to say: ■"You ally little -lew boy"—it said: " "ffladimir, "Wladimir, what a fine name we have to be sure! " _ - A And then he hastened away, wondering ; " why a sadden rush of blood should make Ms cheeks tingle j» hotly- through the darkness. Henceforth he made for the goal to wliieh his talent and ambition v/ore to carry- him, and he succeeded even beyond Ms own hopes. He stepped from, post to' post, luaimgone office the vaulting-hoard from which to reach the next. At last they made I'M, a Judge, and there he . stopped, for he was growing aghast at his own greatness. After all, he could not get rid of his pariahrinstinct. be could not entirely forget the runaway little Jew boy whom the kind-iiearfced priest had taken for his son to whom he had given bis love, his wealth, his knowledge—aud from whom he had taken iu return noth ing but his belief; on whose side had i been the bargain ? ■ ■ ■ He askedhimself the question many a -ffjag—one day-he got his answer. It i was brought .=to him. as he sat at his j 'tribunal* by two men. draggle-tailed, shag-v-haire^- reeking with the squalor of their poverty. 0h' jt was. to be Joseph in ^gypt-Le recog nised them at oncethese mea vrera Ills brothers. - have wo smuggledr "whined. \ ** Because our father lay dvin^ and we Lad nothing wherewith to allay Ms. sufferings, and we listed life and' liberty to inuke his death-bed easier." j \- So he was- dead, the stem, sullen- I hearted man, and here were his brothers— the living types ox what he himself would have been but for that broken pane " Bisked life and liberty ?2So, the law of the land must net be transgressed. But as he stood outside tiio penance ; chamber and listened to the switching of the lush and the cries of the culprits, a feeling came over him as if his soul wi being bastinadoed by proxy. True, he made amends to them, but without owning to his action, and he took no credit for it—he knew it was no better than throwing a bone to a dog after one has kicked him. Certainly lie was now a great Jndge, and judged God's creatures according to his wisdom. He himself would one day stand before the -Jndgmeut seat of that Greater and Greatest Judge—and what would His verdict be? Sometimes be thought God and he were colleagues, two of a trade, as it were, and that, there fore, he was entitled to a discount in Ins sentence. It was an impious thought, a sacrilegious jest; but then be bad laughed at so many things ; one laugh more "Whew' the wind came through the broken pane with an angry gust. Had it blown the lamp out ? The Judge felt everything getting so dark and cold. He staggered up from his seat, fumbling for the bell-eord—he would summon Sebas tian to take him to bed—or no, he would lather go and kiss his little Budolph— what was that? There was a short, shatj> stab going like a rapier through his body; it seemed to him as if a splinter of the pane he had broken thou sands of years ago were being driven through his bosom with quick, clean thrusts—surely nothing else could stab like that—could stab again and again and again until—^— The stars of the night looked at him as he lay there rigid and sOeut; then they turned to one another and said reassur ingly r " True, we too are hut windows— the windows ox the sky; yet let us not fear—no one shall break us : are -we not made of adamant ? 