THE RULING OF RHODESIA. It is usually wise to wait, but we are by no means sure that the Colonial Office is wise in tolerating the Chartered Com pany of South Africa, any longer. Its incompetence as a governing- body seems likely to produce very considerable mis fortunes. Its most trusted ageuts have already so mismanaged their p: ejects as to produce a deep schism, between the British and Butch elements in South Africa, which has not only postponed the union now essential to rapid development in that quarter, but has actually brought a whole group of colonies within the pur view of European international politics, and now the}* seem likely to provoke a serious, perhaps a permanent conflict of the colors. Ail the news from .Rho desia is bad. The tsmcidthzs developed into apopulurinsurrection, theinsurgeuthlata beles having been joined even by the ZVIashonas, who are b}* comparison a feeble and habitually submissive folk. All the blacks iu Rhodesia, iu fact, ex cept a few " friendiies," who are not cor dially trusted by the settlers are engaged in killing all the whites the}* can get at, or in fighting the troops, regular and irregular, who attempt to punish, them for their crimes. Iso white man is safe un less he "goes into laager"—that unless he quits his farm, his mine, or his business to defend himself with his own rifle behind a stockade of waggons and wooden palings. To put down a move ment of that kind in an enormous and thinly settled region, where every place is usually two hundred miles from every other, that is, as far as Leeds from Lon don, is a very heavy job, and one which mayprove too much for the forces avail able, more especially as those forces are obviously not in one hand. "What with the Company's claims and the Crown's anthority, and General Carrington's com mission, and Earl Grey's powers as ad ministrator, and every settler's right to choose whom he shall obey, we defy any body to say who in this hour of disaster and revolt is responsible for the measures necessary to suppress the rebellion. In deed we doubt if, amidst the political anarchy which prevails, anybody has the power to take those measures, some of which at least will have to he acts of the highest legislative authority, overriding measures sanctioned by the Chartered Company and perhaps even diminishing for the moment the personal liberty of the settlers. It must be right that some experienced oflicer of the Queen should have full control over every man, soldier or civilian, while he has inns in his bands and is engaged in killing rebels, and somebody ought to have power to pass the laws which will leprive the black population of all excuse for revolt. Xo doubt they are actuated in the main by the inherent distaste of the black or brown man for the white, which has lasted through ages, if not sons, andis practically incurable, and also hy the counsels of rascally witch- doctors, who, however, rarely go straight against Dopular feeling; but as usual there are srrievances of a more concrete character. We find it difficult to doubt that the Chartered Company's agents have, with the consent or without the consent of their superiors, displayed a grasping spirit- Tiftv per cent, of the outturn was far too heavy a royalty to ask from successful miners who were Europeans, md the company's hand was no lighter an the natives. "We fail altogether to understand on what plea they took, or claimed to take, 45 per cent, of all the cattle in the country—an invader might is well claim 45 per cent, of all interest on bonds. IVe doubt whether pains were taken to make the poor understand the necessity of slaughtering herds to prevent the spread of rinderpest, which, according to the " Times' " corre spondent at Buluwayo, the white men iuust have accidentally introduced, as it was unknown before their arrival, and whether the compensation was either devised or paid in the necessary spirit of liberality. And we feel perfectly certain that in some at least of the labor laws adopted the distinction be tween compulsory industry and slavery has been recklessly overlooked. "We are not negrophile in the smallest degree. We entirely admit that a subordinate black people, if it will not work—which, however, is excessively unusual except where a feeling of caste intervenes—must be educated in industry as in any other form of self-control; hut the right methods of compulsion are sharp taxa tion and good wages, not orders to do precisely the work which the Matabele most dreads—namely, work underground, where, in his imagination, ghosts swarm. That is not government, but slave-mak ing. And. finally, we distrust the spirit in which all these orders are, under a commercial company earned out. We would not trust even planters in India without a Government over them, and white men do not look upon blacks as thev look upon browns. They have not the" same toleration for them, or the same feeling that they are all tinman heimrs. The correspodeut of the "" Times," for example, who is sure to he an educated as well as an experi enced man, recommends " severity " towards all " indunas," or colonels, of the natives in revolt, and we do not think that we do him an injustice if we assume that by severity he means, speak ing broadly, the execution of such men. That is surely madness. To execute an inanna who has sanctioned a murder of women and children is perfectly just, and necessary for the education "of the people in civilisation ; and for ourselves we would spare no man who had volun tarily entered the British military or police service, and then, without quitting it. had rebelled. He has broken obligation as binding with him as with us, and knows perfectly well the penalty to which he has exposed himself. But to execute indunas in cold blood merely for rebelling and fighting invaders—for, after all, we are invaders—fairly in the field, is calculated cruelty, aud cau only produce evil, men who fight with a halter round their necks neces sarily fighting to t be death. AVe have no sympathy with those who argue that ignoraut men should uot be shot when they are shooting you, not believ ing in their ignorance in that matter, but we bave no sympathy either with those who refuse quarter, or who would, even among barbarians, punish fair fighting as if it were a crime. England wants a pacified province, not a province covered with skeletons, and there will come a time when the first condition of happy life and prospertv in Bhodesia will he a general amnesty. The time of that amnesty should be settled by a great Queen's officer, and we confess we think tbat, in the interest of the settlers as well as of the black population, one ought to be despatched, armed, ix needful by statute, with a general right of control. It is all nonsense to talk of the rights of the Chartered Company. They may have rights to compensation, hut they have no right to misgovern Her Majesty's sub jects, and if they bave not been doing it, probably from incompetence, we fad to understand the South African accounts. I —" Spectator. 