FUND FOR PUBLISHING SERMONS. A AU desirous of aiding this work are re X quested to send subscriptions to Mrs. Fagg or Mrs. Nicholas, New Town, or Miss Nutt. 21, Fitzroy-place. " NONE OF HIS." By BISHOP KYLE. Header, I have somewhat to say to you on an important subject. The work of God the Holy Ghost. God says : " If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of His." We are not by nature dead nairns. However shrewd and clever and' wise in the things of the world, we are all dead towards God. The eyes of our understandings are blinded, we see nothing aright Our wills, affections, and inclinations are all alienated from Him who made us. " The carnal mind is enmity against God." We have neither faith, nor fear, nor love, nor holiness. In short, left to ourselves, we should never be saved. Without the Holy Ghost no man ever turns to God, or repents, believes, or obeys ; intellectual training and secular education alone make no true Christiana, Acquaintance with same leads no one to heaven. Reason alone has no effect on the mind. Pictures and statues never brought a soul to God, What is it then that man needs ? He needs to be born again. And this new birth we must receive of the Holy Ghost. The Spirit must quicken us and renew us. He must take away the heart of stone, and put in us the heart of flesh. A new act of creation must take place. A new being must be called into existence. "Except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom, of God" No salvation without a new birth ! Would you like to know why we, who preach the Gospel, preach so often about conversion ? We do it because we see plainly from the word of God, that nothing short of a thorough change of heart will ever meet the exigencies of your case. Your case is desperate, your danger great. You need not only the atouementÇof Jesus Christ, but the quickening and sanctifying tower of the Holy Spirit to make you a true Christian, and deliver you from hell. You think me extreme and extravagant in my statements. That is just because you do not see or know the disease of your own soul ; you are not aware of your own sinfulness or weakness of nature. Now comes the mighty question, which ought to interest every reader-" How are we to know whether we are partakers of the Holy Ghost ? By what marks may we find out whether we have the spirit of Christ?" I. Where the Holy Ghost is there will be deep contrition of rain and true re- penance for it. (It is His special office to convince of sin. He shows the holiness of God, and teaches the wed ding corruption and infirmity of our nature. He strips as or our blind self righteousness, and opens our eyes to our awful guilt, folly, and danger. He fills the heart with sorrow, contrition, and abhorrence of sin, as the abominable thing that God loveth. He who knows nothing of all this, and saunters careless through life, indifferent, and care- less about his soul, he has not the spirit of Gilliat. II. When the Holy Ghost is, there will always faith in Jesus Christ as the only Saviour. It is His special office to take of the things of Christ, and show them to man. He leads the soul which feels its sins to Jesus, and the atonement made by His blood. He shows the soul that Christ has suffered for sin, the just for the unjust, to bring us to God., He points out to the sin sick soul that we have only to receive Christ, believe in (Christ, commit ourselves to Christ, and pardon, and peace, and life eternal are at once our own. He makes us willing to disclaim all merits of our own, and to venture all on Jesus, looking to nothing, resting on nothing, trusting in nothing but Christ, Christ, Christ, delivered for our offences, raised again for our justification. He that knows nothing of all this, and builds on any other foundation, is dead before God. He has not the spirit of Christ. III. Where the Holy Spirit is, there will always be holiness of life. He is the Spirit of Holiness. He is the Sanctifying Spirit. He takes away the hard, carnal, worldly spirit of man, and puts in its place a tender conscientious spiritual heart, delighting in the law of God. He makes a man turn his face towards God, and desire above all things to please Him, and turn his back on the fa tion of this world, and no longer make that fashion his God. He sows in a man's heart the blessed seeds of "love, joy, peace, long, suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, temperance, and causes these seeds to spring up and bear pleasant fruit He that taketh these things, and knows nothing of daily practical godliness is dead before God. He has not the Spirit of Christ. IV. Where the Holy Ghost is, there will always be the habit of earnest private prayer. He is the "Spirit of grace and supplication." He works i in the heart as the Spirit of Adoption, whereby we cry, "Abba, Father." He makes a man feel that he must try to God, and speak to God if feebly, faltering]?, weakly, but cry he must about his soul. He that knows nothing of real living, fervent, private prayer, and is content with some old form, or no prayer at all, is dead before God. He had not the spirit Christ V. Where the Holy Spirit is, there will always be love and reverence for God's word. He shows man a fulness, and depth, and wisdom, and sufficiency in Holy Scripture, which is utterly had fiomana.tur.il man's eyes. He draws him to the word with an irresistible force, as. the light and lantern, and manure and sword, which are essential to a safe journey through this world. If he cannot read He makes hire love to hear. If he cannot hour He makes him love to meditate. He that sees no special beauty in God's revelations, and but a no pleasure in leading, hearing, and understanding it, is dead before God. He has not the spirit of Christ. Kerdei, I place thos five grand marks of the spirit the presence before you, and confidently claim your attention. Where He is these marks will be seen. Where He is not those marks will be larking. I grant you, the lead- ings of the spirit are not always uniform. The paths over which He conducts souls are not always one and the same. The decree, and the depths of the work of the Spirit in the heart may vary exceedingly. There is weak fair h and strong faith-weak love and strong love, feeble obedience to Christ's will, and a close following of the Lord. This only I maintain, that the main outlines of religious 1 are. ter in all who have the spirit, perfectly correspond. Life in life, whether strong or feeble. The infant in arms, the ugh feeble and dependent is as real and true a representative of the family of Adam as the strongest, man alive. Reader, wherever this five great marks of the Spirit are wanting, we have just cause to be afraid about a man's soul. Visible churches may endorse him S comments may be administered to him Forms of proxy r may be read 0 per him. Ministers witty charitably speak of him as a brother. But all this does not alter the state of things. 'The man is in the broad way that leadeth to destruction. Without the Spirit, he is without Christ. Without Christ he is without God. Without God the Father, God the Son, and God the Spirit, he is in imminent danger, The Lord bad in roy upon his rou. Reader, let me now ask you a short and simple question. ''Save you. or have you not the Spar it of Ob * ist ? " I entreat you not to evade his quest on. I b teach you to allow it to work inwardly in your heart. I charge you, as ever you would be JP 61, to give it an hot eat answer. Baptism, church in ml ership, respect as ity, morality, outward c directness are excellent things. But do not be content with them Go deeper; look further. "Have you the Spirit of Christ?'' if you have not the Spirit of Christ, you are not Hit people. You are "none of His." Think for a moment how much in involved in those few words, " none of His." You are not walked in His blood ; you are not clothed in His righteousness ; you are not justified ; your sins are yet upon you, The dead claims you for his own; the pit opens her mouth for you; the torments of hell wait for you. I have no desire to create needless fear I only want sensible people to look calmly at things as they are, weigh this one plain text, "If any man having no. the Spirit of Christ he is nine of His." And I say in the sight of such . text, if you day without th) So', it, you but he ter never have been born. Let me now give an earnest invitation to all who feel they have not the Spirit. Go and cry to God this day in the name of Jesus, and pray for the Holy Spirit to be poured down on your souls. There is warrant of Scripture for doing it " Turn you at My reproof. I will pour our My S, it upon you. I will make known My words unto you." "If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him " There is warrant in the experience of thousands for doing it. Thousands will rise at the last day, and testify that when they prayed they were heard, and when they sought grace they found it. Above all there is warrant in the person and character of the Lord Jesus Christ. He waits to be gracious. He invites farmers to come to Him, and rejects none that come. He gives "power to all who come to become the sons of God. Go to Jesus, then, dear reader, is . needy, contrite sinner, and you shall not go in vain. cry to Him mightily about your soul, and you shall not cry to no purpose. Confess to Him your need, and guilt, and fear and danger, and he will not despise you. Ask, and you will receive. Seek, and you shall find. Known and it shall be opened to you. I testify to the chief of sinners to-day, that there is enough and to spare in Christ for your soul. '' Come, come to Him this very day. One word to those who Acts received the Spirit of Christ. Be thankful for the Spirit-who has made you to differ? To whom do you owe that sense or the, tnathung»r»ndthlt»tafterr seriousness, and that taste for the Bible and prayer which, with all your doubts and infirmities, you find within your soul ? Carne these things of nature? Ah 1 not They are full of grace. Grace began them. Grace kept them up. Be more thankful. Praise God more every day you live. Praise Him more, both in public and in private. This is the way to be in time for heaven. The anthem there will be " What hath God brought I" Be filled with the Spirit Strive to have every thought, word, and action brought under obedience to His leading. Grieve Him not bynon. lateness, and conformity to the world, aSSSk Balwyn by trifling with little. n f,mltl«*»nda_»U besetting sins Let Him rule and rife fire complete over you. 