BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. The area of the Transvaal is 220,000 square miles. A voyage round the world, travelling first-class, costs something over £500. Ben Jones, a negro, who went through the wars 1812 and 1846 as a body ser vant, died a few weeks ago at San Antonio, Texa*, aged 99 years. Three good washes are received by an Abyssinian during his- career — at his birth, on his marriage morn, and at his death. At all other times he shuns soap and water. A Swiss paper announces the arrival in the Engadine of ' Sir Labouchere, mem ber of the Chamber of Lords of Great Britain and Vice- president of the Honor able Company of the South African Indies!' The British South Africa Company has secured in the British Empire 750,000 square miles, which would otherwise now be held by the Boers, Germans, and Por» tuguese^ It has opened out this vast territory, built seven towns, and com pleted 1400 mile? of telegraph line, about 1000 miles of road, and 3000 miles of railway. Based on an average of the 16 years, 1881-1895, the heaviest annual rainfall in any of the English districts is 38 77in. in the south-west. The other districts, ar ranged in order of amount, 'are the north west of England, 34.93in. ; the south of England, 27t20in.; the Midland Counties, 26!53in. ; the east of England, 25 29in. ; and the north-east of England, 25 03in. The mean annual rainfall for the whole of the British Islands is 32-95in. It is related that when Edison made thefirsb phonograph he repeated into it ' Mary had a litt!e lamb.' Unfortunately he had hit on the most searching test possible, for the word ' fleece ' in the Becohd- line is little more than a sibilation and came back in repeating the message like a mere hiss of steam. This delayed the introduction of the phonograph to the pubic tor more than two years, at the end of which time Edison discovered a wax: for a cylinder that would reproduce the word. In Kansas a number of meteorites fell on a:pra;rie where rocks were scarce and valuable and the farmers of the vici: ity found them convenient for holding down haystacks, stable roofs, or covers to raiu barrels. For such purposes they might have been used for a long time had not the wife of one of the farmers called an expert to examine them. He at once recognised their nature and the enter prising woman finally sold hers, realising enough money from the sale to pay off a mortgage upon the farm. The tourist season in Cornwall is re ported to have been very successful. IVeBh hotels have Bprung up in all parts of thecountry for the accommodation of the increasing number of visitors. The Great Western Railway Company are devoting a great deal of attention to the county. Following the example of the South- Western Eailway Company in opening up the rugged North Cornwall coast to visitors, the Great 'Western Company are proposing to connect some of the small holiday resorts of North and West Cornwall with their main line. Germany is fast turning out its older generals from the army, 32 having been forced to retire within a year, which heats the record. The average age of a brigade commander is 53 years, to 57 in the French Army, where the average of all ranks is higher than in the German. No German brigadier is more than 56 ; while 30 Fr-neh brigadiers are over 61. Ger man cavalry colonels average 48 yeara and 4 months, only seven being over 52; while the French officers in the eame army average 52 years 5 months, 53 colonelB being over 52. Tha way explorers will prove that they have reached the North Pole is explained by one of them as follows : — ' I will take a bullet and suspend it from a Btring. This buellb will cast a Bhadow. In ou? latitude the bullet would in a day's time describe an elipse. At the North Pole the shadow would make a perfect circle. I V?ill photograph the shadow throughout the day. Of course it will be necessary to briug back only an arc or part of a circle. As a clay at the Polo is six months long it would be prnctically impossible to get a picture of the perfect circle. Any part of it, hnwevor, would be en^u^h to convince a scientist that I had reached the. North. Pole.' Every visitor to Japan ia impresset with the many curiouB uses to which fans are put. The umpire at wrestling and fencing matches uses a large fan, shaped like a butterfly, and the various motions of this fan constitute a language which the combatants fully understand and promptly heed. Men and children, as well as women, use fans at all times. The servant girl has a flat fan, made of rough paper, to blow the charcoal fires with, or use a dust- pan; the farmer has a stout fan to winnow his grain ; and another variety is made of waterproof paper, which can be dipped in water, and creates great coolness by evaporation without wetting the clothes. There is but one monarch in Europe who can show the scar of a wound re ceived in war. It is King Humbert. The latter at the battle of Custozza, which resulted so disastrously for the Italians, endeavored in vain to stem the tide of defeat, throwing himself repeatedly into the very thick of it and giving evidence of a courage that can only be described as heroic. Bleeding from a severe eabre cut, he was at length literally swept off the field of battle by his father's officers and by his own friends, who fully realised the irreparable injury that would be sustained by Italy in the event of the popular heir to the throne (as he was then) being either killed or captured. When President Faure was at Dinan the other day, in the course of his tour through Brittany, he eBpied among the crowd which surged around him at the Sub -Prefecture a priest who bad every appearance of being a son of toil. The roughness of his hands showed that at some pariod of his life he bad done hard, manual work. Upon his breast was a military medal. Advancing towards the Abbe Dapre, for such was the man's name, the President shook him cordially by the hand, and elicited from him that he fought in the Franco- German war. At Gravelotte he was sergeant in the 41st Line Regiment, and was wounded by a sh 11. After the war he entered a clerical seminary. Great flapping sails nil over the land make Holland look as it flocks of huge seabirds were just Bottling upon it. There are Baid to be at least ten thousand of theso windmills in Holland. Thev are Btnployed in sawing timber, beating hemp, grinding cotn, and many other kinds of work ; but their piincipal use is for pump ing water from the lowlands into the canals and for guarding against the inland freshets that so often deluge the country. Many of the windmills are quite simple affairs, but some of the new ones are admirable. They are so constructed that by an ingenious contrivanfe they prevent bheir fans or wings to the wind in pre cisely the right direction to work with the requisite power. The story of an attempt to ride an ostrich is thus told in the Washington Star by an eye-witness of the encounter: — A cowboy who had vanquished every pony he ever undertook to break in was induced to try an ostiich. After an hour's hard work he succeeded in mounting the bird, which at first tried to shak» him off, then to get away by running, i)ut these tactics, of course, had no effect upon the cowboy. Then, in spite of all the man could do, the ostrich succeeded in getting i's head round and seizing the man by on» leg. He doubled bia feet under him, and the ostrich reached over its wi ga and got a good hold of his back, throwing him heavily to the ground, and trampling on him. It took three of us to chase the infuriated ostrich away, aad we accom plished it barely in time to save the man's life. Sir Walter Besant, in discussing in The Author the question of an author's first book, gives some interesting facts about his own. It wa3 called ' Ready Money Mortiboy,' and was written, as every body knows, in collaboration with the late Mr. James Rice. It first appeared in Once a Week for £100 ; then the authors printed it themselves, and sold it through the publishers on commission. Only 600 copies (presumably in three volumes) were printed, but ail were taken, leaviug the the authors a profit of £100 after paying the publishers their commission of £60. The authors sold the remaining rights for £150, and an American firm sent £50, making in all about £100 for the authors joiutly. Sir Walter Bezant thinks this a good plan for a new writer to adopt. The R«v. S. Baring Gould has been narrating aoine of his experiences when ho was collecting the many traditional ' Songs iu the West,' which lie lias sineo published. From one old inan in tho neighborhood of Law Trenchard he ob bained at least 100 songs. This man, James Parsons by name, was known as the ' singing machine.' It is narrated bhat he was one evening in the publie house at Lydford, when a bet was made bhat he could not go on singing fresh 3ongs until the sun rose. He was to have a pint of ale for every song he sang. When he began Parsons bad.already been 3inging all the evening, and had drunk not a little. Neverthelsss, he sang on through the night, one song after an other, until the sua rose, and thus won his bet. The performance is probably unique. In absolute contradiction to the popular view, the middle classes are increasing with greater rapidity than the rich — in fact, their increase is a most distinctive and extraordinary feature of the time ; whilst, if we compare their increase with tnat of the working classes, it becomes more startling and more extraordinary still. The total population of England increased between 1850 and 1880 from about 27, 500,000 to 35,000,000 ; whilst the income-tax-paying population was 1,500,000 in 1850, and more than 4,500,000 in 1881. If, then, we deduct these two amounts from the totals at the two dates, we have a working- claas population 26,000,000 in 1850, and of 30,500,000 in 1881. The working classes have increased, therefore, by about 15 per cent., whilst the middle classes have increased by more than 300 per cent. M. Berthelofc, the celebrated French chemist, proved a year or two ago, chiefly by ana^sing the copper sceptre of a Pharaoh of the Fourth Dynasty (4000 B.C.) that the Egyptians of this early age did not know the use of bronze The neighboring people of the East, for in stance, Mesopotamia, were also ignorant of this alloy. Berthelot has recently sent out an assistant, M. de Morgan, to visit the abandoned copper mines of the ancient Egyptians, which were situated in the desert of Sinai. The mines are in much the eanae condition as when they were abandoned by the ancient workmen. M. de Morgan has penebrated some of the galleries, and brought away specimens of the ore, the materials used in smelting it, with charcoal, the crucibles, tools, &c.; Among the tools is a buiin containing a little tin, but not enough to make bronze. A hammer of copper has a trace of arsenic in it, probably to harden it. There is also a hollow needle of pure copper. An account of an interesting plant which has the apparent property of turn ing its leaves in a north and south direc tion, thus behaving like the needle of a compasB, is given in Garden and Forest. Mr. E. J. Hill, of Chicago, who seems to have been investigating it, gives the name of the plant as iSilphiutn. lacinatum, and says that the Silphium terebinthinaceum is affected in the same way, 75 per cent, of the la1 ter orienting themselves in the manner mentioned above. The tendency to orientation seems to be a function of the ag;s of the Ieave3 in question, the younger one3 bting eaid to point more accurately north and south than those of greater age, the latter falling off, and therefore supplying an insufficient amount of evidence. It is mantioued that Sir Joseph Hooker remarked the uses which might be made of the peculiarity of this plant ; it is stated, also, that he was able when travelling to note perfectly the change in direction of the train by ob serving the general appearance of these plants which were scattered over the plain. Among the hardest sufferers of the summer campaign on the Nile have been the newspaper correspondents — who moreover will not get any stars or crosses for their campaigning. There were only nine at the front altogether. Of these one — poor Garret of the ATew York Herald — has died, ano her has been invalided. One of the survivors — with his temper perhaps just a little tried by the African sun — consoles himself by recording in the columns of his newspaper that the correspondent of one rival journal has had to go home, and the representative of another has been ' sugaring' himself during the hot weather, and so has only just arrived. According to this somewhat depressed newspaper gentleman the irre pressible British sporting instinct has broken out in a new form iu the camp It id iu the game of Taking your Tempfira ture. .Toues of the Hussars and Smith oi' the Gyppies will come round to each other's q'laitera with clinical thermo meters iu their mouths. Thu man whoso record is highest, wins the stakp. It is rather a grim game — especially when the record reads at 102 or so. And yet these plucky players decline to consider them selves invalided. Paderew?ki rises, as a rule, about 10 o'clock on days when he does not give a concert; or is travelling. On days when' he is to play in the evening he rises at 1. By way of morning meal he 'tak?s a cup of coffee or tea — nothing else, not even a roll or morsel ot bread. He practises usually for five or six hours each day on a piano which he has sent to his room in the hotel as soon as he arrives in a city. When he has an afternoon concert he does not practise at all, however, and if the concert is an evening one he devotes only two or three hours to exercising on the keyboard. In order to strengthen Lia fingers he plays only five-finger exer cis a Like a i r'ze-fighter who is in training, this musical athlete devotes himself to a systematic course of gymnas tics for strengthening all of the physical powers which are called into play by his performances at the piano. Those long, slender, ' piano' fingers are put through their paces until they acquire strength, flexibility, agility, and staying power. More than this, his arms also have to be strengthened. For this purpose he em ploys an apparatus whii.h he designed and had made himself. What this is he knows, and nobody else. Vivian Burnett, of Washington, the original of Lord Fauntleroy, has finiahed his sophomore year at Harvard, and gone to his summer vacation. He needs it, according to an American contemporary, for life probably has fewer charms for him than, for any young man who ever went to Cambridge. Vivian Burne't is the sou of Mrs. Frances Hodgson Bur nett. When he was a little boy she put him in a book, which everybody read, and which nobody who ever road can forget. Vivian Burnett wishes they only could forget it, for it is making his college life a bore. It was lovely while he was a toddler, but he is a college man now, and he is sorry that the maternal genius ever took the notion of transmogrifying him into a ' little lord.' For all his troubles, however, Burnett, we gather from the same aut! ority, U known in Cambridge as a chap who is getting; about all there is to be gotten out of his college life. He is neither a ' grind ' nor a ' sport,' but just one of the easy-going youth who keep3 a fair class standing, and, for the rest, gets all the fun ha can wi'hout im* pairing his nervous system or his status as a gentleman. His rooms are furnished in good tfaste, but not lavishly. But with all the pictures that adorn the walls, there's not a solitary one of Little Lord Fauntleroy. That chapter in his life would be a closed book if he had anything to say about it. A contributor to the Vegetarian has been describing the delights and benefits of camping out in tents, and in the course of his account he says ; — The first night's sleep is broken. By the second night the forces of nature combine to make for sleep, and even though it thundered and lightened ever so, the inhabitants sleep soundly ou. It is always so in camp. When I was a volunteer in the Oxford University Corps years ago we used to spend the first night in Colo.iel Morrell's Park in eingirg andmu^ic an! tale- telliDg and practical joking. Nobody could sleep. In spite of all the bugles of ' last post and th-? warning cries of sentries, 'lights out,' tha camp was full of noise till late into morning hours, but the next night — an enemy could have wiped out the battaliou ; it was a camp of the dead. The only sound to ba heard was the regu lar snoring of those whom nothing would wake till morning. I have been specially pleaded to find that not only ia tent life conducive to sound sleep in the normally healthy, but that it has a distinct curative effect in bad case1? of insomnia. A lady who had scarcely slept at all for several weeks, and who had tried all sorts of remedies, opium included, and was begin ning to look like a wearied ghost, came to me, and I sent her out to slf ep in a tent upder the trees. After the first night she obtained sleep, and after the second or third night she even felt dread fully sleepy during the day. She bravely refrained, however, from giving way until night, and alwavs got up at 6 a.m , with the result that the e\e plessness has gone, and she gets good long nights of rest iu spite of the noises of nature. The delights of the open-air sleeping in a tent aro so fascinating that I begin to wonder why the wholo world does not turn out of bricks and inorhvr during the summer^ and go under canvas. 