THE JOCKEY DROMIOS. ' Tickets, please 1' Thero were only two passengers in the com partment, one of whom had his ticket ready ; the ol.Lnr was apparently still fast asleep. ' Come, sir ; wake up, if you please. Your ticket !' Slid tho collector, impatiently. ' All richt— here it is, in my porket-book. Wbv. I've b»'-n robbed ! Mv pocket-book is yonii !' end he glared in a suspicious manner rt the other passenger. ' t got in at Darling' on, sir ; yon were then ? leep,' said Ihe otlier traveller, stiffly. ? Here is my card ; I travel for Messrs. Boult Bras.-, of Liverpool'.' 'If you cannot pay your fare, sir, you must sec the static ii- master at Newcastle,'' said the collector, slammmg and then locking the door. '? Well, I'm in a nice pickle, and no mis take Don't know a soul in Newcastle, and it's . past midnight. 'What ou earth shall I do ?' ?* I'ardon my curiosity, sir, but surely you mu&t; be Cbarlis Cooke, the jockey ?' said Gerald Thorburn. xnuuE guimuc^s oviucuuuj »uu«o mo * ejaculated the jockey. ' I was never caught napping before when the light-fingered gentry ai e about. I showed my ticket at York, and fell ash ep soon after leaving. Was there a lady here when you got in at Darlington ?' ' No ; you were quite alone.' ' Then the thief was a woman, who joined me at Normanton,and must have left at Think, j or at DarlingtoD, before you got in.' j ' You ride at Gosforth Park to-morrow, I ? presume ?' ?' Yes ; but what am I to do to-night, if the station-master — oh, here we are.' ' Come with me to my hotel, by all means, Mr. Cooke. I will also pay your fare, if the station-master insists upon it.' ' A thousand thanks, my dear sir ; and take the word of Charlie Conke for it, you will not regret your kindness.' The station-master at Newcastle proved to be amensble to reason, and on learning the name Df the ticketless passenger, readily accepted his assurance that he had taken a first-class ticket at St. Pancras. The two newly-made friends had a bottle of wine after a late supper, and ere they parted in the morning, the jockey had found friends in the town, and repaid his share of the hotel bill. ' If you want a good tip for the Liverpool Cup, put every penny you can scrape together on Ply-by-Night. If I don't land him first at the post I'll return you every penny you lese by taking my tip. That is a bargain,' aud again thanking Gerald Thorburn for his kindness, they parted. The Liverpool traveller was not mneh of a betting man ; in fact, he had not made halfa dozen bets in his life. He was rather prone to a ' sweep ' in the commercial room, and was therefore fairly conversant with racing matters, especially in connection with Aintree. ? «? Ply-by-Night, a rank outsider ! Very little known of him, and that not greatly to his credit. But Charlie Cooke seems cock-sure he will win, and then there is his offer. I really believe he will refond, if he fails to win the Cup,' mused Gerald. And during the month .that elapsed between his meeting with the jockey at Newcastle and the Aintree meeting, he could think of little else but the possibility of ' making a pot of money ' by acting upon the ' tip ' given him by Charlie Cooke. ' Twenty to one, and I have only £90,' said Thorburn to himself, as he perused the ' Latest Betting ' on the Monday evening before the meeting. ?' With this £210 I bad from Lancaster to-day I could pnt £300 on Fly by-night. I'll do it ! If I succeed— six thousand pounds ; if not, £300 is not much for Charlie Cooke to pay, and he will keep bis word.' And without stopping to think of the possible consequences if the money: he was appropriating were lost, he hastened to ? a well-known book maker, and made his bet.3 Gerald Thorburn had a -stronger motive for his conduct than the mere- wish to make a small fortune easily. Unknown' to her father, he had won the affections of Emily Boult, the only daughter and heiress of the senior partner of the firm for whom he travelled. Emily was only 19, while he was* 27, but although Gerald knew that his snit would- not be regarded favourably by Emilys-father, he believed the girl would be true to hinvand bothhoped that time might smooth' theiupath of the 'thorns that encumbered it. ' Withnearly six t ho nsandi pounds to my credit I can go'to him, and- boldly ask him forEmily,' was Gerald's eestatio thought after making his bet, but a terrible shock was in store for him. The lovers were accustomed to meet on the Landing Sage -sometimes in the evening, and after a hasty meal he harried down to the stige. Emily had not arrived, however, and he sat down in the smaller Shelter to wait for'hpr. ' Did yon hear of the nasty aGCidBnt poor Charlie Cooke met with this evening 7' said a man in the seat fronting Gerald. ' No- ; is it serious ? Will it stop his running that horse there is so much talk about, as a possible winner of the Cup ?' And Gerald Thorburn awaited the answer with a suspense so keen and terrible that his heart seemed tos top its beating. ' Broke his left wrist, and pat oat' his right shoulder. Taken to the Northern Hospital.' ' Then it will be a month or more before he will ride, How did the affair happen ?' ' He was doing what many foolish people try to do— leaving the train at Lime-street before it had stopped, and was- thrown violently ou the platform.' ' A good thing for the bookies.' ' Yes. It's an ill wind that blow® nobody any good.' Gerald Thorburn was in despair.He had been suddenly plunged from his contemplation of the coming fruition of his dearest hopes, into the abyss of desperation. It was almost im possible that any other jockey would win the Cup, even if the owner of Fly-by-Night did not scratch him. And how could hempprosch the injured jockey, and ask him to keep the promise he mnde at Newcastlot? In a tew days his employers would discover that he had embezzled their money, and then — arresr, con viction, imprisonment Too well he knew the teed of his employers on the subject of such a 'breach of trust, the law must take its course Ihat had been their answer to the appeal of a widowed mother, whose only son, a porter in the warehouse, had stolen some goods. Would they be any more lenient with him ? No. And Emily — would she dare- to avow herilove for a falon ? ' I am doomed, and have noughtdeft to live for. There is no sorrowing mother in my case to bewail my fate ; nor stricken father to go through the streets withibowed head because of the disgrace of his son. No brother or sister to blush for me when my name is mentioned. J will do it, before my resolution vanishes — banished by the fear* of what* is to come beyond.* And he walked slowlyto the edge-of the stage gazing into the water abstractedly. ' No ; Emily shall not regard it as suicide I will wait until one of the boats is going out. A desperate leap when the distance ib too great to be successfully jumped, and a sympathetic jury will say it was on accident uflless it has been discovered ere the raqueiit that I am a thief..' -3 ' Stand back !' vainly shouted) - a stageman, as Gerald Thorburn ran across t£}e stage and took a flying leap, failing however, fta reach the departing steamer. i Instantly the brave stageman leaped down mro theMcrrey,and though the swirl of the steamer's paddle sucked Gerald under, he was seized on comiDg to the surface, rn I held firmly until a boat came along and tescued both men. Gerald bad been so long under the water that he-was insensible when rescued, and he was at once taken to tbe receiving-house, followed by a constable, who declared that he had been watching the young man for some time, and he bad every reason to believe that the act was in tended to be suicidal Tbe result was that when bis clothes were dry Gerald was taken to tho Central Police Station in a cab and formally charged with attempted suicide. He did not resent the accusation, he was too downcast for that. He dare not send word to tbe few friends he had in tbe city, fearing that if his employers learnt his position, inquiries might be at onoe instituted, his embezzlement come to light, and the fate he bad tried to avert overtake him. When asked bis same he was strongly tempted to give a fictitious name and address, but fortunately did not yieffl to tbe temptation. Had he done bo tbe theory of attempted suicide would have been strengthened. Questioned as to his occupation, he kept back nothing, and an hour afterwards Emily's father arrived at the police- station. ' Surely, Tborbnrn, this cannot be true ? Yon did not purpose to commit suicide ? Had you taken too much whisky or what ?' Gerald hung his head, and was silent. ' It is an unhappy business, altogether. You did not know that my daughter was on the landing stage when yon were carried up the steps at the back of the stage, supposed te be dead ? She came home in a state of hysterical frenzy, and said that as yon were dead she had nothing to live for. Tell me, was it drink ? I never knew you to take too much. Have you nothing to say to me ?' ' What can I say, Mr. Boult ? I have dis graced myself — and you. I shall have to appenr before the Stipendiary, and whatever the result, how can I again lift up my head in Liverpool P* ' For the sake of my child, I will see what can be doae,' and Gerald Thornburn was again left to his hairowing thoughts. The knowledge that Emily had been present — had possibly heard the constable say that it was a case of deliberately attempted suicide, filled him with the keenest anguish, and when Mr.Bonlt returned, accompanied byt he inspec tor on duty, and the Govenor of tbe Brrdeweli the young man was in a pitiable state of pros tration. 'Come, Mr. Thorburn,the charge is not to be proceeded with. The officials are of my opinion that yon had taken too much driak this evening and yon are free. Ontside the police- station, Mr. Boult hailed a cab, and bade Gerald get in. ' I am going to take yo.u home, and thus satisfy Emily that yuu are still in the land of the living. Perhaps yon think I have been ignor ant of the attachment between you ; if so that was a mistake. I knew of your secret meetings six months since, and believing that my child's happiness depended upon her affections not being trampled upon, I determined to let matters take their course until Emily is 20. So far, all my enquiries as to your usual pur suits when not on duty for the firm have been in every respect satisfactory ; bat I trust you will not again take so much drink as to impel you to the reckless disregard of danger you showed this evening. I have now done sermon ising, Gerald ; try to meet Emily with a smiling face, and let her believe it was a simple acci dent.' A smiling face ? Gerald Thorbnm could have groaned aloud as he heard the words. Every word of sympathy and kindness spoken by Mr. Boult had stabbed him to the heart, for unless a miracle intervened, a day or two at tbe most woold suffice to show him up in his true colours — as a thief, utterly unworthy the lore of such a girl as Emily. ' Look up, my darling ; Gerald is here I' was the father's greeting, as, followed by Gerald, be entered his daughter's sitting- room . She was lying on a couch, with her face in the cushions, but when her father spoke she rose as though electrified, looked from one to the other, and, realising that her father knew, and did not resent their attachmont, flew to the arms of her lover. '* Oh, Gerald I Gerald I they said you were dead, and I' wished myself dead, too. My dear, kind, good father I' and going to Whero he stood, she kissed him fondly. ' Yon are not angry with me, father ? Nor with Gerald ? ' 'No, my child. But it is very late, and' I fear the immersion may have worse effects than we think, if Gerald does not go to bed at once. He will stay here to-night.' Gerald Tborbnrn did not sleep that night, notwithstanding the tumbler of port negus sent to bis room after he had retired. All night long he was racking his brain in the en deavour to fix upon some feasible scheme for procuring the money to repay the £210 he had ' borrowed ' from the monies of his em ployers, and tbe morning found him looking ever, worse than on the previous evening. Mr. Boult would have had him stay there for a day or two, but, much as he would have liked Emily's companionship, while her father was away at business, be could not brook the pros pect of beiug a guest in his employer's house when his delinquency should be discovered. ' I shall be much better at my usual work. Indeed, sir, I will go to Preston to-day, I think.' ' Very well, Gerald. For the present no one in the office need know of the closer connection you will have with the firm next year ; it would not be wise to arouse any jealousy among those who have bi en with us much longer than you havo been, my boy.' And Mr. Boult put down the agitation of his daughter's lover to his overpowering feelings of gratitude ; whereas, it was caused by a keen sense ol the misery that overshadowed him. ' Two more days, and my doom will overtake me. Wells and Co., not getting the firm's receipt, will write for it ; then my despicable ness will be made manifest. And I must meet it — must bear it all ! 1 cannot ugaiu attempt my life. The horror of those few seconds when I deemed myself on the point of doath — when the post, like a dread panorama, swept before my eyes, was such as I would not again experience.' These and similarly depressing thoughts were his companions during that day ; hence it wes not surprising that the orders he succeeded in obtaining were small m number, and also in amount. On his journey home, the conversation of two jiassengers. evidently sporting men, roa«ed him front hu gloom. 'Thats a queer tale about Charlie Cooke.isn't it ? ' remarked one of the men. ' There's nothing in it. Teddy Graham was at tbe hospital Ibis morning and saw Charlie m bed ; how, then, cculd he be galloping Fly by-Nightthe same morning ? The tale has been started by the backers of the horse ' ' I don't care wuat Ti ddv Graham has s^iil, Tom Foley knows Charlie Cooke as well ns any man now at Aintiee, and ho told nut that Charlie was galloping too norso this morning ' And Gerald 'I hurbuiu mis us much nnzzhd as bis travelling companit ns. He had received an invitation to cull nt Emily's house that cvemnir. and in a state of much excitement and mixi. ty ho sought for information at the bars ot the hotels frequent. .1 by the bookmaker', 1 ut failed to obtain mu h evidence es tetiriicd him. When he turned into the office on the mores-' ing of the Cup day, a few minutes later than usual, he was startled to find Mr. Boult await ing him. With a sinking heart ho beard one of tho clerks say, , ' Governor wants you, Mr. Thorburn.' ' Close the door, Mr. Thorburn. How pais you aro looking. Not yet got over the wetting, I'm afraid. I am going to nee the Cup raee ; would you care to eomo with me ? Havo yea ever seen a good race ? ' ' I have never seen one of any kind.' ' Nor have I, though I have been in busineai here nearly iorty years. We will go by tbe noon train, from the ExehaDgo station.' And when tbe horses for the Cop nee were brought out, Gerald Thorburn sitting by his employer on the grand stand, watched with anxiety he tried to conceal for tbe appearance of Fly-by-Nrght. ' Now, who is mistaken 1 There gcee Charlie Cooke. Tbe story of his accident was a clever ruse, but it leaked oat, abd spoiled the game of those who invented it,' said a gentleman behind Thorburn. Failing Fly-by-Night, the favourite would win easily ; hence tho tremendous excitement when it was seen that the jockey believed to bar in the hospital was with his mount. And though the favourite showed the way for three-fourths of the distance, Fly-by-Night drew to the front with a tremendous spurt, and won easily by two lengths. The reaction proved too much for Gerald Thorburn ; his eprvous system had received too severe a shock, and he fainted, A strong vinaigrette, lent by a Hdj^ and a drink of iced champagne, soon brought him round. ' I don't wonder at your fainting, it is fear fully hot up here. Let ns go home.' Gerald accepted his employer's invitation to dine with him and Emily, but, managed to get away early enough to call upon tbe bookmaker and obtain the amount of his bet. ' Thank God I I am saved !' he said, as he hurried to his lodgings. There he found a letter awnitiug him. ' Northern Hospital 1 Charlie Cooke !' and Gerald stared blankly at the brief note heading and signature. ' Am I going mad t There is a mystery here I must fathom.' Next day he went again to Lancaster, and not only managed te explain the non-remittanee . of the receipt, but to obtain payment of a more recent account, and by this means be was en abled to square tbe matter. Returning to Liverpool soon after noon, Gerald took a eab to the Northern Hospital, and was allowed to see the injured jockey. What did it mean ? Here was the very man who had travelled with him to Newcastle, with bis arm in splints, bis shoulder buttdaged, and jret, wos he not riding Fly-by-Night only yesterday ? ' Come, Mr. Thorbuan, I'm not a ghost, though you have some reason to look puzzled. If you can spare another half-hour, you shall be enlightened. How much did you lay on the winner V' '? Three hundred.' ' Goed lack to yon ! You've pulled it off proper this time. You'll set up in business for yourself, I sqppose, eh 7' ' Probably, or else go into partnership with a good firm.' ' Ah ! Here comes the other Dromio. Sly brother Bill ; Mr. Thorburn, the gentleman wuu plajred the Good Samaritan at Newcastle. Now, air, take a good look at us.' And tho resemblance between the two brothers was so remarkable that Gerald no longer wondered that the closest friends of Charlie Cooke had been mystified. ' Bill went out to Melbourne wbeu he was a bit of a nipper, but it was in the blood, for father was a jock, and after making a name fcr himself in Australia, Bill came home just in the nick of time, to save vour three hundred, old man. Mr. Thorburn, I believe 1 was shoved a bit geteintf ou* of 'hat train ; but they who thought to gain by such a nasty trick have been bested. I knew I could win the cup with that herse, but it was all a chance for Bill to do it.' Before the nezt Livepool cup day came round Gerald Therburn was tbe son-in-law and put uerof Mr. Boult, but when asked if- he woold care to go again and see the race, he quietly declined. ' I was within an ace of loosing eve»y {xniiy I possessed that day, Mr. BonR, and vowed never to make another bet.' And then, without confessing the eff upe he had committed be told his father-in-law the story of the Liverpool Cup, and the Jockey Dromioa. 