STRANGE MURDER AT RUBY CREEK. A STORY OF THE OLD MINING DATS. (FOE THE ' SUNDAY TIMES,' Bt ' COOYAL.') J (Concluded.) j H R I S T INE t&y; \- rushed away Jy JMi\ Wl from Gelland's ji ! dead body, I mmmr^ ^ a v yq/ my .God! Who S m has done this P ! What does 'Mean, my dear; simP,y ^ k ^ s-' said ' Shalford. ?** Look here ! ' — and he affixed a false moustache beneath his nose, and then held out his arms to her. 'What! Won't come to its own Dick! 'Why, how fickle we are ! Don't you see, 'dear, I have fixed the old man — your wish, dear — -and yet yeu don't thank me. Well, after that there's no reliance to be placed 'in a woman ! ' ' You. cowardly -wretch ! You have inurdered him — a ten thousand times better ?man than you — and by heaven you shall hang, or I'm not a woman.' ' Softly,, my dear. You'll chan^e your mind in a minute when you see how you're fixed;: .Look here, Tiney, I don't do things iby halves, an' I've studied this thing out Veil.' ) He produced sundry articles of his wife's j clothing, dripping with blood. ; ' Strange, ain't it, how a woman's clothes tgefcs covered with blood, an' her husband {found dead with his bloomin' throat cut, eh ? f&n;' a young fellow sfcayin' in the house as is jknown to be sweet on the missus, eh P j Why, Tiney, my gal, you're in for it as safe !as he's a dead 'un — an' how dead P Why, !bv the hand of a criminal hussy of a jwoman as indulges in what's wrong an' un lawful. Anyhow, my dear, that's what the Judge an' the jury'll say, an' if you'd take my 'advice, Tiney, old gal, you'll jest clear out las soon as yer legs '11 carry ye.' The almost demented woman listened to 'jibe -wretch's Jong deliverance with sup pressed passion. Her fine face was deathly ipale, her bloodless lips almost ' bitten ithrough. and her clenched fingers working convulsively. But speech would not come, bo horrified was she at the man's cool ?Villainy, and at the chain of incriminating evidence which he had systematically iplanned for her destruction. One word 'only escaped her lips — it came forth ?like a groan. 'Devil!' ' ' P'raps I am, my love ; but, pray, what ,are you ? You see all these bloody (articles o' yourn — why, it's like a jbook agin ye; everybody '11 believe iyou're the murderer of the best hus [tand as ever was, and as I wishes ye no harm, jest have another look at these ''era things o' yourn, so's to make no mistake about 'em. . . . Why, what .'the hell do you want ?' The query was directed to the little :thin-£&eed; old miner who had called for ithe half-pint of rum one night during iDick's first visit to the Diggers' Rest. He ?tad been standing in the doorway for some minutes, and had heard all that the land lard said. ' I wants a ball of rum, Mumphy, an' — ' ' Who the blazes told you to call me Mumphy P An' what d'ye do listenin' at people's private rooms ?' ' Beg parding, Muster Shalford — Muster Mountford Shalford, I should Say. I ain't a bin ' listenin' ; an' ain't heard nothin; an' yer needn't be so damned knotty 'bout ; nutthen ! Give us the rum, an' I'll pay ye ?nex' week.' 'Here's yer rum. Now look here, Teddy .Chizzler, as true as you're a damned old lunatic, if ever I hears a word about this ,J['ll drop yer miserable old carcass down a ''web hole.' 'S'elp me, Muster Shalford, I didn't ,hear nutken' — nor seed nuthen'. Good ! day !' 1 Teddy Chizzler was, for an old man, in a j fair state of preservation. It was said (that he had been a detective in London, but ithat must have been half a century or more 'ago. However, he was a wiry old chap; fliis steely grey eye was bright and keen, and had all the characteristics of a fox. ! Christine Shalford was morally a coward ; jBhe felt like a- criminal, and recognised phat Dick GeUand owed his early death to iter. She was so stunned that she had not [?the sense to see that old Chizzler's ap j pearing oa the scene would be the saving of her. No, she was too dazed, too un strung, to notice anything but the dripping garments lying on the floor by her bedside — where: her husband had thrown them. She flung herself upon the dead body, kissed, the cold face and lips, put on a hat , and left the house. Meanwhile her husband .?was securing whatever was of value about ?his.'person. Then he studiously arranged the false monstache and scrutinised himself very closely before a looking-glass; then locked up the house. / There was only a magisterial enquiry as fto the death of the supposed Mquntford 'Shalford, publican. The trooper from ? Gillespie's was a new hand and knew j neither Shalford nor Gelland, while the j Commissioner's headquarters were at a town ? some 30 miles further on again than ' The j Flat,' as Gillespie's was often called. Thus, j the Commissioner's task was an easy one. j There were no witnesses save one — the | man who called himself Gelland, and he ^had but little to say, ' for he was asleep,' i.he said, *' when the murder took place ; [but when he got up he found no one about, ,and by accident saw the murdered man [lyjng as the trooper found him. He had rbeen the' worse for liquor over night, and [had slept in the bar where he had fallen 'down. Ho knew nothing of tho relations ^between husband and wife, except that | Mrs. Shalford had intimated to him that . Bhe would go away with him if he would , ' take her.' Thsat was all. The Commissioner found , that Mountford Shalford had been mur I dered by Christine, his wife, and a warrant , i 'was forthwith issued for her apprehension. Among the few present at the enquiry i was old Chizzler, and when the verdict was Spread by the Commissioner his eye sought .'Shalford's. Their glances met, 'and when the Commissioner and trooper , had gone, ( after locking up the Diggers' Arms they approached each other. ' Well !' said Mumphey. 'Well !' re-echoed Chizzler. ' What's yer little game ?' \- 'Not much:-;. You've saved a lot o' money; then there was the young fellow's — which, in course, you appro priated. Say a couple o' hundred down, and I'm mum.' 'Forever?' ' Yes, s'elp me ! ' Shalford scowled at the old man, but he saw clearly that Chizzler knew all, and that His only safety lay in giving him what he asked. -?' ' An' you swear you won't blab ?' ' Try me — 'cept she was to turn up, an' then ? ' 'What! You wouldn't give me away then ?' 'No; I think not. Anyway, she's right. She's either at the bottom of a shaft, or she's cleared right away.' ' But if she turned up P' 'She won't — anyway, not till you're out o' reach. Hand me the coin, gold, notes — anything — an' I'll help ye to get away.' Shalford paid the money, and Ruby Flat knew him no more. ? ? ? ? 4 One bitter cold wet night, five years after the tragic death of Dick Gelland, a woman crawled up to the door of the Diggers' Rest. Inside was bright and cheerful, for Host Chizzler had improved upon his predeces sor, in that he had made the old crib fairly comfortable. He 'had discovered a long lost daughter from somewhere, and she kept house for him. She was a cheerful looking buxom young woman, and was leaning over the counter talking to a young digger just as Mrs. Shalford had done that night five years to Gelland. Her attention was arrested from the young man's pleasing talk by a low moan at the door. ' My God, what's that P' she cried, a3 she rushed round to her companion for pro tection — for she had a wholesome fear of ghosts, especially the one that was alleged to frequent the Digger's Rest at certain periods of the year. Both went to the door just in time to prevent a strange woman falling to the ground. They brought her in and laid her by the fire; and while the young man chafed the woman's cold hands Nancy ran for her father, who was enjoying his evening's snooze by the fire in the bar parlor. The old man's eyes were still good, and he had not knelt by the grey-haired woman's side more than a minute before he muttered — '? Yes, by G — d ! it's her.' ' What, father ?' asked Nancy. 'Never mind, gel; get her to bed, an' put hot bricks to her feet. An' you, Jem, make up a rousin' fire in the bedroom. It's the missus, as I'm alive this minnit !' 'The missus! What — your missus?' ' No, no — she's dead long ago, but the missus o' this house — Mrs. Shalford. Poor soul ! If she only lives I'll be the happiest man out, for I didn't act right by her.' The young fellow didn't understand what the old man was talking about, and asked no more questions When Christine Shalford recovered con sciousness she recognised old Chizzler, and begged him to relieve himself of any suspicion he might have as to her being a murderess. 'I have thought over it for a long time. How foolish I was to go away, and thus give grounds for any suspicion that would attach to me. I never killed him, Chizzler It was all his — Shalford's — doing ; but I was so upset at the time, and the evidence was all against me — so I went .away.' ' Say no more, missus. I know you didn't do it.' ' You ! How ? You didn't see him.' ' No ; but I heard all Mumphey said. Was stan din.' at the door all the time he was jawin' you, and puttin' things so bad i so's to make you lose yer head. Anyway, you didn't do it. And look here, Missus. I'm dashed sorry I wasn't man enough at the time to speak my mind. An' look here, you take possession of the place agen, just as 'tis, an' I'll clear out.' ' I don't understand. Why, how did you come to have possession ?' ' Just this way. I seed through Shal ford's little game, an' I played upon his fears to tho tune of .£200 ; an' then he cleared out. But as true as I'm alive, Missus, if I'd a known where to find yer, or you'd a come back, I'd a give it all up — and '11 do so now. S'elp me !' ' No, no, old man ; keep it. I shan't live long. Let me have his room, for it was through me he was killed. Clear me of this suspicion, and I can then die easier.' And so he did ; for he sent for the sub commissioner next day, told the whole story, and made an affidavit that Mrs. Shalford was an innocent woman. She lived but a few months after that, dying peacefully on the bed where Dick Gelland was so foully murdered by her husband. They buried her in a grave alongside of his, and Chizzler — or rather his daughter and her husband, Jemmy Ryan — remaining in peaceable possession 1 of the Diggers' Rest for many a long day. And when the old man died they buried him near the ill-fated pair, and erected stones to their memories. The old pub is now in ruins, but the tombstones in the little enclosure are well attended to by loving hands. The police searched for Shalford, but never found him. There is reason to be-. I lieve though that he died on a Queensland goldfield in d.t.'s. — Cooyal. 