A MODERN PYTIIAS.. A group of tennis players were loungirg tunder cs locust trees :in the camphts.of a colegd. ,ey had just finissd tite fifteehth " last game the tsason."'for although Noirimberr w:ad ,sar, the weather remained like unomcer. It was little Tod McNult who found hip reath Biret, and broke the silence- "Have 1 you got acquainted with the new oph yet-Fred Hersec ? Seems to be a genial 'C Genial ! " echoed his nearest neighbour, Cisord Dooae, in a tone of infinite disgust. Si\at old-fashioned words you use, Mac! 1"ir him in the modern languages, can't ?' w, I mean he isn't stickish. He gets -acqaOed easily, doesn't seem a bit homeick ofr tol. as the new fellows mostly are, and taklstl-rnminlionu like so much fun." i.?t'., .uy ! " ejaculated Lei Small, the Sbchamlotl{ete of the school, who spent so mucl tiot energy on gymnastica that little was left f thematics " i?'. tried llcNutt. o nasst iutroduocd. He might hell me ouCOln taid Lor, thoughtfully. 'trs 'bos, -~uighed at this characteristic remar"k; \,tisulted when Shirley Diane, the" p'Det 9. flock," es he was called, how.d 1"s.' by ihpihng " that the girls wenuls niet~ er him:" SThey i w," spoke up Clifford, ,For I awrlf. rdl talking with him in ,the library., sall follow her lead." 'Thre.u w as of geroans at this, for th four yoe re the admiration of the -'i - si ~crtt was long since "In union l h-my only aoiom, enlt" ',," l-. "A fellow hbas e'l"s s tn } tisl college two months ilet laki~ c? seat in our class-rooms anti iln aiyr liesi. 1 propose we u nite it ? is new and objcrtionable Peron.0 vevrywhvre, aind- in every S'sieylshouted, McNstth adding, " .ls ,y t off ! I'll'get introduced in orter to weak points in his airmour. ., g k up' his place in the class books. cliff, to outshine him in recitation to1 mer? bhirley look alter the soundness ol he eg is:." n iogly, they shouldered their rackets sad Bred into the house. . endeth the.ifteenth last game!" eo ad Lex. " One would thick we were p ting for'the stage,. with our numerous Sell engagemients. Supi~.se, for a change, torn to our worlk as inveotigating committee, i, heir the report of members, elac, first." Paising himself upon one elbow McNutt " I got acqtcislted with the new man and found hbe was from New York. Jein didu't say whether it was the State or City; in fact, he has the knack of making 'a body talk, so I came away feeling that he knew more about me than I did of him, and-that's all." i " H didn't have a very good lesson this rsmornlig," put in Shirley. " and he seemed :grecn to an--staring at every one who got up to recite." "' O, new ones all do !" objected lNeSutt. " One thing I know," asserted Lex, calmly prcceediug amid the shouts of " Hear, bear !' " F:o has introduced him to half of tihe girls already, and 1 iutend giving her my opinion of such forward. unladylike conlduct." " "Ie hasn t shorn preference for aoy, so far,' said MlcNsutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds from the grasses around him, " but it beats me what a fancy he has for that stnuid Jack Stokes, This is Stokes' second tarm, you know, and ht hasn't half a dozen friends to his name: yet he and Harsen were walking in the campus this morning like old cronies." " Oh," yawned Chlilord, " we are gossiping .~..anothe?d dg.y,.?gtjicnti.ele?.._ Let's haIso W; hile these conversations were bieing held on ,the lawn, the much- discussed student, Fred Harnen, was fast being initiated into the Isfe of the college. All that the quartetto of envious fellows had said of hint was Irue, which is more than can be asscrtt.d of oost gossip. Never had the college walls held a student so popular in so short a space of t'me. The girls raetd over his mnainliness and good looks, while his ability and joviality won the more reluctant respect and good will of the boys. r All were amazed, however, that he should form so ardent a friendship with Jack Stokes. a Itudenst far from popular among them. By-and bye they were rooming together, and their den -became headquarters for all the fun going. SHere it was that the the boys congregated tc plan their first sloiglh-sride: chose sides for a golf match; elected their ghost to attend the girls' tea party; held impromptu debates, and wrote essays for one another. - s. even Stokes became "" illumined with a reflected popularity," as Len grumpily called it, and was invited eeverwhore his cnomrade was :By times he was the life of the company ; but ;it was a fitful gleani, and he invariably relapse? \uto a morbid gloom. Weeks passed making little change in the s.il affairs of the College; one night, cever, a straiged procession wound its ¶* through, the grounds, and only the shing of -ice-covered snow broke the oals. The bellboy shrieked with terror we0 opened the door to receive a group S{,hbearing two nscornscious bodies. They ihsd out, a lively .rew, in a four-horsc lelf i lt through fright or reckless driving the , had carried them over an embank. S'' f thisawfl reul reult. lany wee cut av.Yd, while Clifford Douoe hadsa leg ;brok¶ntkck Stokes was toteroolly isjured. Itunoi4- r was urrying tc-ol-froa., and the e ceite?n'as for days intonse. ClifforI's eancniti vainful, huthis rocovery was only qiu _he e ;l Jac:k's life, however, swuug ' o0 ,r maeny days. Dl)rrig that li ne rd " soce tao sit', ,declaring that hecout diove op ullaSilSl,, nrser,andth hathe would ga ud. in classt rather tlan desertl h 'tand sprofessor looked at oA veritable I hias cad'.y v He had his -. ? usual. ni.ght aftei eight ba,,nlist ? nid-hearted ones . kh offered to rei to i . i' After a d lusal, lering and the constant aton°e o the doctor.e .nhen "red was left alonre the sick man .!ack troned a white fa ce, him and said wistfully- ", -Th do given mse up, have you?" S,~' . s!""iwa the qutick answer. "l.'illt, o prepare for the worst, Jack Tell ?ss t hg that btrldens your minds." " a us d-tand l?oI not ready to die, either, ? aren'tI lived right, and the inno cent m.ssffer isecuse af mc. Can youkehs a s.crr. Draw up closer and I will tell you He -?led long anid eagerly In whisprs, unti crc his streiggth was exhlaslted and his uto early done, so he said In a trembhling Lhat will do. Take this and go to sleep.' ed when tite medicine had dosie its work, S" l'ythins " quickly crossed the rons, poened a trunk that was not his, carefully laid itL contests on the floor, and finally raised a neatly made false bottom. Al, the seb we call friendshi1, ! Vhajia frail thing it is ! Jark did notldie. As o..on as the doctor: I would permit the bo?s met i,91 for a jubilee. carrying Chffortl fi• that they might have thrih i "heroes " togetlier; :'It wais a rare occasion, and I they were all in'l'gh glee. But whet Fred and l.ex reached their ownr'oonm the lormer hoited iosself slpthe :t-tn:l, table and cxclaimadl --i "" It beals mv !Alhesl Jack was thought aboult odie iretI was elvotion devoted, ansd lipusi n?y sonour, I.te' y;, ilnd dtlie and this tible, iow nbat ho " g,-tiingEvl the fllow arts sory." "" You're right, Mac," was the answer. ?'." acer saw such an expression en a mottial' fare. He couldn't have looked unhappicr if,hlo were to ho hung, and you'd have expected him to bethlle jllirst o?e of the crowd. Oh, well,1 Harsen's a pudzle we mighlit as well give nou first as la.t,'and o 'm too sleepy to tallk, sanyjwj' ;so-it get dosn, aud 'don't venture another word id night.". . :'bSoon he was snoring: a aueer little chidishl sore, and Mcl utt dropped off with a smile on his face. A week afterward Stoke appeared for the first time in the class-room, Hursen fllowing, anad looking far the paler of the two. The professor Ceitnered.and wwas about to begin the recitation when Fred stepped to the desk, and layingldowe some rpapers said audibly : "Will you examine these, and vouch faor their correctnessoi" Then, facing Stokes, he saidl in a clear voice," "George Stover, ir the namo of the law I arrest you on thli charge of forgery committed there years ago in Buffalo, New York You have concealed in your trmunk-which is now in the hand of the author;ties-foui thouiand three hundrec dollars; .besidts. youi have freely confessed thid crime ti me. As a'dlrtctive" (throwing oper his cost to show the star), " I traced you here. blit having to prove your guilt I entered as s studhnt and became your daily companion This you all khow, so there is nothine for nme to add except perhaps a few personal words Fellow studentsl it has Iwen a mean part ) have played, and the daily deceptiou hat been almost or.eudurable. still it'was necessary; as each one can ee. "When Jack was sick especially aftt re le took me into his conlidenct -1 wished that to save himsell the'di*grace'and the enalty-ohs I wished in.my heart he might There was a painful sause, in whirh no one seemed to breathe, then he went on, i" Had he dicd then no one should ever have attached the crime to him, and I would have disappeared from this college as suddenly as I appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. We must go." Jack, who had risen at Fred's first words. stepped forward and xaid in a manly voice " It is tre:. I am guilty. Believe me. boys, I would rather be serviug out my snletene where I belong than here among tie innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorne in one:' heart, and perhaps when this clime is atoned I for, and I comei to lce death agino, it will not be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good bye. There were no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a'rweek. After discussing the matter for the four hundrreith time, Shirley Dliane turned to the group of girls and said sharply " And F-Irsen was married, too. IIo told mc. so at the depot, and said hbe hoped ,the girls would not cry, but I hove you will, and that it will he alesson to creryone of you! " 