? The Editor invites contributions to this column. Accepted paragraphs v/,11 be pa d for at usual rates. TASMANIA'S Chief .lustice, Sir Lambert Dobson although ivell up in years, is still a noted tennn player. yuiTE on the cards that^either^ Attorney- retire from the N.S.W. Cabinet. A i-AiB of South Australian M L A.'s—J. T. Morrison and J. Cock, who represent Victoriawere gold hunting at Bendigo in the fifties. "Tommy" Uent:—"Take my word for it, I will not be kept out of Parliament." Tom is bent upon going in, but he has to bend an electorate, and tbey are not very pliable. Q.<\ Kesuit, of S.A.., talks of blossoming out as a lecturer. Given a subject like the Social Parity question he would be a great draw. Pariss can handle a spicy matter to a delicate nicety. Mks. llitown-Potteii, according to an American paper, will "establish a new school of acting in Australia." Dj tell. Evidently there are Americans who imagine that the corroboree is our highest attempt at dramatic art down here. Kkom Lindon, Punch heirs that ex S A. Jtiilway Commissioner " Joe" Smith's effurts to work up subscriptions for Speight's appeal to the Privy Council in^'bis An'- battle have failed. Uritish railway men look upon Speight as a lost caus6, St. Aluans Wilson is never happy unless dabbling in big things. Having traded off his Octagon syndicate to tbe Britisher for something like i!'-20,000, be now talks of a water scheme to reticulate Jlenzies, Kaigoorlie, Coolgardie and other centres at a cost of £700,000. The liiv. W. G. Dixon, of Warrnambool, is oppised to female politicians and womanhood suffrage because St. Paul wrote : " The head of the woman is the man." The inference to be drawn, we presume, is that the woman who vote6 is "off' her head." George Ash, Premier Kingston's legal partner and political opponent, is Ike worker of the S.A. Assembly. He and Premier Turner should run in double harness, for their hard labour proclivities are identical. Ash originally started in the law, but not liking the life went into a warehouse, and therefore r, is rather strange to find him miking his mark in a line he once disc irded. Moktihek Menpes, how famous as an artist in London, was once office boy for the firm ot W. and J. Storry, in Adelaide. He was sacked for caricaturing the boss. Sib Jenkin Coles. the Sydney native of the S A Assembly, was a mounted trooperin hi,early days. Even political opponents declare him to be a decided success as " Mr. Speaker." Ha I lwat CoHMissiONiiii SvoKii, who will shortly retire in favour of jeneral Manager Mathieson, rose from the ranks with phenomenal rapidity. It is only a few years ago that he was stationmaster at Stawell. , T " E lftte f f h ^ o ^ t o f he never was. '.tuS^L^e^riavishW Hut pensions have been lavishly bestowed on his family, EO the old man's ghost has a grievance. Goveknok liuiesey is rapidly building up a reputation for unpunctuality. lie believes in suiting his own convenience. Tho Government j,av0 to drop him a hint that a State potentate must be above that Eort of thing. „ , , ,, . , Rev. Chahi.es Clakk declares Perth to be a "Gigantic cesspool Its most str.king feature is the malodorous backyards/ estralians retort that Clark is a "confounded clerical cufler,' which is neat alliteration. HATS off before you read this paragraph. Oae of the most gorgeous objects at th« Governor's levev on Monday was —hats off again !— the democratic Alfred l)?akin, in a gorgeous gola-Jaced uniiorm ! Executive Councillors have a perfect right to wear the diplomatic uniform, but they rarely do. Thus, th Premier was in plain even- ing dre6f. Hut Deakin blotsoined out like the shop ot a pawnbroking jeweller at Christmastime, with his breast all i-mbroideiy, and s bullion stripe down hie trousers wide enough for a narrowgauge railway line. Our Alfred, too !! Fancy that! Some people wondered liow onearthhecamewithauniform. They had forgotten all about the Executive Councillorship. Some hazarded the speculation that Deakin was present as Consul for the Millen iiiuin. Others thought he was garbed as plenipotentiarv for Altruna and others "gueEsed that his function was as special ambassador for Utopia. Anyway, anyone might safely challenge him to go down to Essendon in that costume, Some of his constituents would be waiting to pawn him as a gui—no, we mean gilt ornament. The wife of a Melbourne liaronet, who has not been a baronet long, was once, it is said, almost becoming a Countess, with the prospect of becoming a buchees. The Duke of Grafton's son, the Hirl of E'iston, married a circusrider in his giddy youth, and some time ago he tried to get a divorce and failed. If he had sueceeded, so the tale goes, be would have married a Victorian lady, who 6ince then mirried a gentleman who has inherited baronetcy. This i6 confidently stated by those who are really in the know, you know. The lady, one would be more inclined to say, is more to be congratulated on the husband she lias than on the one she didn't have, though congratulations on the latter account should be warm and cordial. Cl&bk; Russell mikes one of his heroes visit Melbourne 21 years before there was any Melbourne at all. Davt Gacnson- says that since ho has been out of politics he has become a respectable member of the comnaaity. A hint for T. Uent, valuer. Boomer Calveht estimates £5000 to cover his exploring expedition through those parts of W.A. and the Northern Territory untramped by the Elder par(y Calvert's vitality in these rati mal matters is said to be due to his feverish anxiety to possess a knighthood. "Sir Albert P. Cilvert and valet" would look imposing at the held of a " wild-cat" prospectus, A touch, greybearded British soldier, who has seen service in India, is humping bis " bluey/' per wheelbarrow, through Australia. He has travelled nearly 300U miles in Queensland and N.S.W., and passed through J3allarat last week bound for Adelaide and Coolgardie. His doctors ordered him exercise, and this.i6 the way he iB living; up to the prescription, TrnsHev John M'Neiii's attack on Lord Brassey for throwing open tho Sitniiroui on Sundays reminds us that His Lordship was attacked by the purists for the same thing on the occasion of his first visit hero. Lord Brassey's reply on one occasion was brief. "I have no sympathy with those parsons who think the Sabbath should be a <Uy of gloom. Therefore, the people may continue to bask in the Sunbeam on that day." S.A. Tkkasukkr Uolpeh is a local prencwr, hence his Cabinet colleagues have named ,i;m " Holy Holder." Gordon Lton' is reported to hive Ecooncd JESO,OOU by his Westralia speculations il. ••.,.:• the luck to trade off most of his Uaylej s Hewurd shares before the slump cauie. Scotch ~ '• Baii.ky, ~ of " " Hal " la rat, holds oitoi). r.nd the executors ol the Maitin O'Louphlin e^lste •WOO, out ol the 10 000 shares in the Seven II1II5 Estate—that fat corporation which has drawn over half-a-inillion in royalty from the liuny group of alluvial mines. This company has m ver yet published a balance-sheet, because it others. The Riiv. Tjorimer Fison fells some hunmreus stories of bis missionary experiences in the Soulb Seas. Oae day he was expostulating with a convert, who was souud in every print rx-ept monogamy. He would persist in keeping pleui.-nus Bpnu5es. " uut the Hible is true, tii," said tiio dusky Christian ingenuously. "Of coursn. of course," assented Mr. Fison. " And Solomcn bus very wise?'' continued the Socratic querist. „ b W(.ll," concluded the polygamic tr, 'ha„tlyj "Solomon had GOO wives. Good ^ ^ r Then Fison collapsed, SHAltVBROKKlt AI,FKEO CLAliKE, a. Dative pf Melbourne and one of the originals oftheloiol Stock Exchange, has fbatod moie banks than any man in Australia, bis record including the National. Victoria, Colonial, Commercial, and the defunct Federal. This is a business feat to be proud of. Amongst the many mines he has launched he classes the Long Tunnel Extended as the dandy." Mr. Clarke is the bead of the oldest Victorian stockbroking firm, its establish inent dating away back to the fifties, whiie he ranks among the few Melbourne men living rio have seen five Princus' Hridges. Q C. "Boil" Walsh, reminiscing the otbf-r afternoon at the Law CouHf, related a Sale circuit incident, bome ten barristers wen. m attendance, and all the accused, i-xcept. a giejhaired cattle stealer, managed to retain counsel, -fettled at his failure to arrange with a pl™<ier, the exception when in court asked Ihe judge "if he could not have one of those horse-winged things?" at the same time pointing to the pinup of legal lights. They promptly refused to assist him, and strange to say lie was the only net' ol tbe eleven accused who got off. Moving mit of the court he congratulated the assembled bar at its sucm. „. „ . Scientist von Muelleu for many jeais has dvocated an expedition to search for traces ol eiehhardt, and at last his suggestion is to bear ther objects, will undertake the task. Tbt Uarun holds that relics of that ill- fated expediion must exist, and their discovery would site ome clue as to the region travelled, and perhaps he fate of tbe iost explorer. It is a nutter ol ancient history that tbe late Sir Henry l\irkei had arranged to join Leichhardt's party foi that fateful journey, but circumstances arose xbitk prevented him Irom doing so. He subsequently had ideas, in conjunction with Baron von Mueller, of organising a Leichhardt search expedition, but politics nipped the scheme in the bud. Professor Haki'sk, in a weak mninent a! IL recent Presbyterian Assembly, amused Jijf brither Scots with a story quite too characteristic of the race. Church allowances were being <i- c cussed, and in defending certain expenditure tfct professor reuiatked that tho attitude of fome members very much reminded him ol a "pwr aujd body" in GJssgea. " Well, what aln ut lier; inquired the loader of the opposition. "It the Saubath," replied Harper in his deliberate tones, " and she had mistaken her cburch owing to her nearsightedness; jt was fouietime before Ebe discovered her error aud tto» immediately prepared for exit. Before doing m however, she repaired to the elder, and iematii® back the bawbee she had put in the i-olleeli® plate. " Wha" for ?' he asked. " Wh;.' torr' fM repeated; "I'm in the wrang kirk!" The retrenched saw the analogy and backed doito " Da n gehous people, these lawyers,'' -aid a begone-looking ex-boouieter to a reporter iheother day. " I mentioned that I was going insolrf» ! to a legal friend of mine tbe (,'ntr »«' ing in a pub., and after a coupit of he invited me into his office, where we taa* smoke and a yarn. Next thing I get is a tuorn® from him for expenses in connection «itii ad«t re insolvency ! Going down the strew thaU»* afternoon I met another legal gent, one llu happened to be a mutual friend. 1 t"Id W" 1 f. scandalously the party in question had treitt me. Said he, 'Let me look at tin' cumm'-; Jack.' Not me,' I said, and cleared like stroB- " Surely that was a stupid thing to d . r aw » reporter; "he would have told you whether i«' document was only bounce." "Not hiiu/'repi the ex-boamster, sadly; " all he wanted chance to get at me, too. Advice r> siuinuonf, Ob, I'm getting a hit fly nowadays. N.S.W. PiiESiiitu Rkiji is responsible pretty story. Learing the Government t®^ one evening a small boy approached b 1 ® ^ without any preliminary asked him to p' „-, sister a billet. " Why didn't ehn apply inquired lieid. " Well, Ebe didn'tcareto. ' J mother, who is sick, say : ' If only Mr. do something for Sis we should be all 60 I came along." " Well, sendyoursister aw; ordered the Premier, " and we shall mtf be done." The little girl, neat an° appeared next d»y, and touched Mf ( with a sad Etory of the misfortune ( .^ig befallen the family, winding up by true brother had not transgressed by bieBtrc«_->;,jj tion. " Certainly not," said the 1'retm • pleading face touched me. I admire «, and I don't think it will be misplace" ^ case." A week later the family was m» t for s* by a snug billet in a city establish" 16111 „,,. I'liiEf BARON PALLES, a noted Irish .,.' imi his son and daughter, are to eloba- \iiEiiHliR. They are on board the R.M.S. ,iue this month. • VATI- letters convey the impression that Giffun doesn't appreciate Harry Trott as of the Australian Eleven. There's bound o trouble about it before the tour closes. ,t proprietor of ft well-known circuB and prie was applied to by ft small Queensland ' ;,ir a piss. The pass was refused with scant •doiiY. Next issue of the journal in question ,;ui'"d this paragraph :—" We saw Mr , ni.ttiacer of -'s Circus, in main street <•-•ifiV." We suppose thej were cleaning his MINISTER PHILP during the last elections, addressing the Rcss Island electors, with •n he was not on particularly good terms, was ^rpr 'r.KPd at the attentive hearing he got. When ,-.irr••lu.iin» his speech he remarked the fact, ',.|,ir " that ho had expected his audience in their to have wiped the floor wjth him. There « mi "expressive silence," and instead of the iivil.uisH a burly voice yelled, " Don't trouble •li/iut 116, Bob; we're a bit particular what we wipe our ii wrs with !" Ti'i-K of a Kiverina squatter. He was dining nt :in iieboea hotel, and invited the young man siting opposite to have a glass of ale out of his il)ttl,r M jt was too much for him. Needless to i:iy Iim hospitality was accepted. Next morning a'i" Woiktast the moneyed one remarked to his li.'.um guest, " Uy-the-hye, you forgot to pay for vmir i-iiaie of that ale !" That squatter stands m il in the running for the mean man champion- ,-liip, His EXCKLLKNCY. LORD BRASSET fell from off his bike, And scarified his nose— A circumstance he didn't like A little, I suppose. On one point,though,the thought may vex. Wo can't be long deciding: T)IH excellency of His Ex. 1= not in cycle riding. Two voung Melb. brokers, "Willie" Clarke KUJ liiouel Robertson (BOU of the Age city editor), nn: scoring heavily on Adelaide 'Change, where ti,(! . boom is having a riotous time. Their dt- Tipiion of British commissions—little things hk« 11II«• Great Boulders in one line—is very m.mtli-watering to Melb. market bidders. Teleeiiius and cables are an everyday expense of .£15 or so to an Adelaide broter, but when the Britisher starts to pan out his cash these items are family afforded. f ;ni:LEs WKNTWOBTH tin DILK», LTiwir, n. a 2'2-year-old Charles of that ilk, who has reached Uahide on an Australian tour, was a fine pick in..' forth,. Vic. bookmakers at the recent S.A.J C. In one pop he laid £000 to £400 against Hnva ior the Fuller Stakes, and the horse was Bsrati'liHii. Altogether, from similar plunging, it is estimated the meeting cost him JE3000. ^ A I'KOI'LE are realising what a stick a staid Governor is. Sir " Pool" Buxton completely sets h:s ha.-k against all sorts of entertainments, carrying his conviction so far as to refuse to attend "the Y.M.C.A. lectures at the Adelaide Thealiv Tt .yal on Sunday evenings. Bythe- bye, linxtor: 1-, a great Bible reader, spending two hour.-- a day poring over the Word, apparently in the belief that it will make ft good set-off HL'sintt hie connection with the beer business when he moves aloft. SOMF. preachers are young and ignorant; others aro ignorant and not young. Of the loriner r;11 o^ory is the Rev. Blank Dash, who iMipifj a Nonconformist pulpit in BUlarat „.,,, I,„ n^rt"read fc , i ii h .. * VhlhnM J If V-k Jin began : ... t behold, a man oi ^ ,p13,Hn ™cl, of bre .t authority ^ This 7,; : tempting i . , r,,l their thoughts fl.fi the roader reachod •" 11 v " r6a - H h proceededAnd the umah fuiswm-ii Pnilip, and said," &e.; An explosive hurst from a young man noisily expressed the fw-lin«s >i most of the auditors, but the parson, iiiistal.iD^' it for a snef'Z^, went on. lieaching the •I'kli vi'i-ihe read: " lhey came unto a certain water, and the unial-e said," and so on. The sermon - Whioh followed was not blest to many souls. 'I'llK to:,, of Frederick Crouch, author of that ""ml ami raiuous song, "Kathleen Mavourneen," is apily uinmarised in Voltaire's remark that "f genius is not less obstructed with diaupjj. I mont than that of ambition." At 8G 0r..u-h, tarving and dying, is discovered at Hiltiiu :.T I i'.S ), hardly a stone's throw from the palaci's c h rf i - , , f . itsnins? t cien a'ho nettea tortunes out orpuoto tllfi ft .. „oUg wmcn only turnea in ft ^-'-nore ivatnieen Jaavourneen s popu- lariiy ,;n African h T e ' l ^ ^ d ^ i t h B I J K ^ l 'Mtw.andBoodnM.know. the anm. made out "t it in oi.htir countries where it also had a vogue uuuuines wnere aiso nan a vuguo. Juices I HE refill- ARRET, the of the exnorionfo man M'Kay nf n. for ItfnthminiA robbing city f vm'or i""' IUSWU, iii? "f"" opened. "] have looked as it " bad fust been intrude, without a called, Mr. Blank, saia tne I tremor, ' to see D rail vou rhu-o i'nJf ° ""^"'"T "" C ° Jt " V 1 could ond M would be h< l j * i a i m V ? ry » How mnph v- § t J lu almOBt Bnytning. 'asked the surveyor. A price w"as asKed the survevor. once was Blank uiu me instruments np careruiiy, ana It was not till five hours later, when returnea, thatthe 1 6 h.i n ^ r t " 0 k^ aV h a d f !d liin'offlpo granger, when Blank entered . o T 8 ^ . . f assistantana naa J 1 *" left in a, Th —"M pretended p r e t e n d e d f r l ^ r ? ? fe ^ ^ R b i d ' to? o ^ 0 0 ^ 46 a f 0 ° ™ dt,s nameT/et Mn. ANDRKW PEACOCK, B.A., brother of the „ r. , . . , . , . ., Chief Secretary,js about to^bn ordained^to^he Anglican priesthood, and is occasionally preachmg at Creswick and Olunes with much acceptance. GKESLET LUKIN, the new editor of the Wellington (jf /) Pod, and who some years directed the Brisbane Courier, was G V. Brooke's leading support in his Australian tour. THE journalist who communicated to London papers first news of the marriage and death of Charles Stewart Pirnell is now on the Age. The items came in his way by good luck, and he made a big cheque by communicating them. " WHEN I first came to Melbourne," said Marshall Hall, the other day, "the papers led people to regard me as a flabby, paltry, pedantic, conceited, egotistical, bombasiic, didactic, pedagogic, eccentric, half-witted theorist, who simply called J everybody " U ~ A " —~~ names." " T In " the •••»» same «*•<'« tirade »•« he described his critics as " an incompetent, calking, critical canaille." Marshall's evidently taken worse. THE inventor of the new railway carriage door- lock (Mr. C. Fcaser) has received an offer from two local banks for his invention. Tne price d ^ „00 with a five per cent, interest, in f ^ the patent. The offer, as it is, has been refused because of ™ J t6rD')s held out from England. Mr. r6ceived half.a.dozen cablegrams invit- ^ in"- him to put his invention under offer to syndicates in England, and intends going there to do business. YOUNG David ^ ~ Bevan, , ~ who , played \- - the . . leading . JV,0 Strafford the other night at the Trioity College show has never been inside a theatre in his life. Old man Bevan does not approve of the theatre. He does not mind (such is his innocence, blesB him !) his boys going to a mu6ic-hall, hut he does not like them to go to theatres, and so they don t. All the Bavans are clever, and David must have more than a fair share of the family brains to have done so well without any experience of fine acting. His actjnff w a s not as good as guahers have been it wap> but it was quite tolerable and far sayin& above the average. Mas. PEEEMAN THOMAS, though young and pretty, and not a bit of a blue stocking has some of the literary and philosophic tastes of her iehed fath^r and ber famous mother, the iiu- " tv,0r of . . "A Voyage , in . the Sunbeam." . She : takes thinking it over decided on going in tor tne oourge on political economy. Mr. Reginald g^ ^en, the lecturer on that Bubject, will doubt- J6BB less bave have a a Very very apt apt pupil. The daughter daugnter of or the ine author of so many authoritative lectures and papers on economics should certainly be a ready ^ ^ t " r >- • e D TUE New Woman is advancing steadily. She is inn »»» " » ~ - &.u„ At.chduchess to be found even in wurte ibe Arcnaucne m a " a vet it ie said ^ i ^ t Z S Z with larffe dumb'-bens and =an that she P ^ ® 6 ™ . ^ w h e n i hno^ Irnn nolnmn^EeU on^a man sh!e lifted it aneavy iron c o i u i u ^ r ™ { nder. ^ husband the Archduke Karl rtJ'\ ^fd tobRa very domesticated man. ye"' We can^eLily un7erl3 whTfor. JUDGE • . HOOD'S , nose was , broken i -i in T his early •, • youth by a^ stone^tnrowB by a Urnkin^ LarrikuiB who have any sense Honour's court. WE have lady dentists now in full practice and lady evfirytbings almost. There is, however, one branch of industry Jeft untilled and one for which female hands are peculiarly suited. There are—as yet—no lady watchmakers I HEADING of the " miraculous escape" of a young m a n who fell down a deep shaft at Daylesford aud BU6tained no injuries worth mentioning reminds a PUNCH man of a peculiar case that happened on a Tasmanian field some years back. The day shift was ]eaving on Saturday, and the last man was being drawn to the surface, and was near the brace, when, by some mischance, he fell from the bucket. The alarm was given, and, as quickly as possible, J - two men were • lowered down the shaft «gftin, expecting to find their mate mutilated and dead at the bottom. To their astonishment, however, there was not a sign of him to be seen, They searched in the drive, and then, with a strange, superstitious fear in their hearts, gave the signal to bo drawn to the surface again. The irst man to greet them was the man they had been seeking. He sat on an inverted bucket placidly sraoking. and regarding them with an 'amiable j,ria. No miracle had occurred, but something ry like it. The miner in his fall had sustained i absolutely no injury; in fact, whilst his mates were going down in the bucket to secure his corpse, he was climbing up the ladder 6haft. . LORMUKS support of Jlauger against Champion for th0 Sout;h Melbourne election was a darned ungrateful thing after what Champion d;d for h l m in conneetion with the Enquiry ,ioard. h ie a faet_and PUNCH stated it at the TJM6—ylat LORMER WOuld have been bowled out comp]etely had it not been for the assistance he r(Jcelve(j jn getting up bis case from H. H. C. was Champion—upon his own type-writer— ,vho prepared for Lormer the case which he sub- mitted to the Solicitor-General, and which led to the Board being appointed. It was Champion wh0 wa8 afc h;8 „ibow a]i through; finding the a brains, while Lormer only found the blab and the unproved assertions. If it. had not been for Champion, Lormer won d probably have come a complete cropper Ye immediately Champion took up a weapon himself to fight a battle Lormer fled i l and nr.,.mnfhelped f,1,1 one t i of bis opponents. Pretty Beriee of portraits that have been appearing in pUNCH imder the style of " BeautieB of the Australian Stage." He made it his task to go through the fiamival Carnival lonkine- looking at. at all all the the nrettv pretty faces he he mntj a n d checking them by his budget of prints. As he mefc a 8Weet damsel whose face correspoaded to one of the pictures he marked it in the corner with a piece" of " red crayon, and ' went again on his search. He declared that he had g i,fl„lH(,B i„ the flBKh t.„n and that they were all as lovely as the portraits represented them to be. It was not a cheap pilgrimage, either. "It cost me twenty-five s'hifiing^'said he, « because all the prett/ones were selling things, and when they saw me looking at them and asked me to buy I had to, yon know." But be was prouder of finding those beauties than Nansen w P ould be of finding'the North Pole, A PEAHBAN pawnbroker is named Hamlet. "My prophetic soul, my Uncle '." BROWNING, once asked the meaning of an obscure passage in one of his poems, replied : " I cannot tell for the life of me. Ask a member of some Browning Society." A SQUATTER, notorious for his nearness, the other day got a wire from his station to the effect, " A boundary rider has broken leg and hurt spine. Insensible two days. What 6ball I do ?" The reply went at once, "Dock wages during illness, and charge cost of telegrams to his account.' BROWNINO, the poet, the performance of whose "Strafford" brings him uppermost in conversation again, was of Jewish blood. His father was a clerk in the employ of the Rothschilds at a time when the Rothschilds employed none but Jews. His mother's maiden name was Wiedemann. ONE merchant who was prominent during the boom-time, and had a bank-book balance of .£50,000, now lodges nightly in the open air— Treasury Gardens for preference. Another is carriage orderly outside a big city drapwy establishment, while still another runs a suburban coffee- stall. Tcmpora mnlanlur with a vengeance ! AN elderly member of the Women's Suffrage Society recently resigned from that bedy, and the bead propagandist sought to remonstrate with ber. " My dear," she said, " why are you giving up advocating women's rights?' "To tell you the truth, I'm going in for women's lefts," was the reply. "Women's lefts! What are they?" " Widowers !" There is bad blood between thtm now. GILBERT and Sullivan, although they have joined forces again and written another opera, never play speaks excepting when it is absolutely necessary in the way of business. They recognise that they can make more money working together than they can ever do apart, but they dislike each other cordially. Sullivan dearly loves a lord, and dotes on aristocracy ; Gilbert is a radical of radicals, and professes a great contempt for these things. AN old woman of 77 commits suicide by drowning herself in the Yarra after endeavouring for twelve months to be taken in by a charitable institution. This is one of the bitterest reflections that has been caBt upon Melbourne for many a year. Let us hbpe tbat at least the poor old woman has not died in vain, but that her tragic end will result in bringing about a radical improvement in our charities. ONE legal luminary met another legal luminal y in a certain city in the Southern Hemisphere on n. recent ounaav. Sunday. ijuoiinary Luminary No. l>u. J ) was, leading jenuin a bike, iumiaa J ty N o carried church book his hand. " Riding a bicycle on Sunday ?" ejaculated No. 2. " Ah ! my dear friend, you will meet the devil yet on this road." "Well," replied No. 1, " I promise you I'll give him a good run for it if I do. But you—however do you expect to get away from him if you don't ride a bike?" Then they parted with mutual contempt. DR. YOUL is fond of a little practical joke now and again. Some years ago when a peripatetic spiritualist was making a bit of a sensation in Victoria, and pretending to diagnose the ailments of and prescribe cures for any sick people who sent him a lock of their hair, the Coroner scissored a bunch of hair from the head of a suicide in the morgue, and sent it along to the spook-raiser, with a pathetic letter. Of course the Dr. thought \-->to have the , spiritist __ on toast, and in due time the expected letter came. The envelope contained the bunch of hair, and a little note, saying: " Bury thi6 patient at once. This is the only treatment I can recommend." „ . MELBOURNE men protest wildly against the demolition of the local morgue, the business of which it was intended to take over to the city morgue. Port Melbourne * seems, has strong objections to being deprived of its morgue ; feels that it has every right to a morgue, and wlU be extremely unhappy without one. We should say let Port Melbourne keep its uiorgue by all means ; it would be ungenerous to depi the suburb of its one place of interest; and, besides, whilst, the morgue is there visiting football umpires have the satisfaction of knowing ,h t if tf w 0 t comeB to the worBt thGy wiu not he withoHt a roof to cover them be without a roof to cover them. THE other day a high official in the Public Service, with a waggish turn, was visited by an old mendicant who overstayed his welcome. At last, to get rid of him, the official scribbled a note to the accountant of a big department to the effect:" Please give hearer 2s. 6d., and charge to petty cash," and signed it with the name of the countant's chief. The old deadbeat went off at once, and was met returning jubilantly a few minutes later " Well ?" said the practical joker with a smile," how d you get on ? "Oh, replied the adventurer, flourishing a half-crown, there was no throuble at all, at all; the ginUeman gave -Y-^oiiuin^hat it me without a wurrd it !" was Then a ca6e that practical of false precipitately to pay that two- " and redeem MB. KEOGH, P.M., at Collingwood the other day, fell foul of a meek and lowly witness v who kissed the Bible in a gingerly fashion when taking the theoatb. nnth. " How dftre dare you vou ?" P" thundered the P.M. P " How date yfu kiss the Bible in that fashion ? It shows that you think very little of the nature of the obligation. Kiss it again, and properly. How dare'yon? "" Then the WICLOSS kissed it again, with a long, clinging kiss, and as soon as hi ™ ^ r a n a r„=heH off and washed his mouth with disinfectant, and swallowed a pint of Candy's fluid and half a pound of charcoal powders, Remembering that the polio* court Bible is usually anyfhing but a delectable object, it is hardly reasonable on the part of a magistrate to expect a man to kiss as if he liked it When a man is dodging typhoid germs or cancer bacilli he should not belaid upo^to be too reverent. at the ,evc 1,0U}> SHAHI>T.I-HV, as presenter e ' was " distim-t. gu,Hitherto Capt. Wallington lias putf.irmi'd the cnremnnv of introducing victors u> tl.fi ijovoriu r.except during Sir John Maddens ti'rrn as .Aetinir-fiovernor. when Colonel ('ainplu'll did the wr.rk. Hut Shaftesbury is the Wt of th« three. He does it rapidly, yet with not al iltle irrai'i'.is hri^l;. energetic, and has a fine clear v.iice "indeed, when he announces a same it can h' heard prettv ..ell all over tho room. A fashionable tailor declared tluit he derived a grim Forfcot amusement in standing amount the last hatch, and hearing theiiauiesof some of his principal debtors announced to (be Governor. It attured hiui that his clothes were being used, if not paid for. TUB bneflt-F.P members of the Victorian bar, who ban}; about the courts yawning and listening to ea^es, find it an infinite Bource of comfort to •raze upon Mr. Justice Hood and Mr. Justice Hodurs " A h," ihev say, "Mr. Justice Hood was seven years before he got ;L brief, and Mi. JuBtice Hodge's was for somo years a tutor in tne house of Chief J usticeStn well/because be could get no work to do at the bar. Vet look at them now !' There is not a brb Uefs banister now hanging round for a chance who does not feel the happier when he thinks of Hodges and Hoed, .1.1. One of these young fl-dnelings had an interview with his father a lew «7i-)tfsir'ci*. This" old man' wanted toknow when 1 he young man expected to be able to do anything tow at ds earning his own living. "There y'are," said he, '• vim have a wig and a gown, and you are -Ui.poserf 'hi be ;> barrister: hut when are you •'i.irg to bi pin r' ! " Why. father." said he of the buis/robe. " Mr. Jiulice Hood had to wait seven years lor his first brief. I'ienty of successful : barristers have heec-n tlio name. "Yes," said the ciinnv old nn. " and how many waited seven vears «ud then didn't, get anything to do?" Tliut was a bit of a ro^" , but it was quite pertinent. How many are there like that ? Enquire in Selbourui" Chambers aud Temple Court ! WE understand that the series of articli B nil " lVeds thai Won the Kinpire" is to include one bv Mr. Fit?. Hinbon on the heroic strugsles thai led to the inauguration of the Melbourne sewerage, scheme, and another by the Essendon captain on the great mutch of Monday last. Ttn-i-o articli s are being awaited with great interest. We, a-e not quitfl certain when they will appear. Tim "latest pocket picking dodge: Strange woman, n'tting next well known lady in draper's yliop. Middeuiv exc'aims, " Oh. look at that spider mi vur dress,'' stooping at the. same time to biusli awnv ihe im iginary horror. After profuse thant-K till, lady finds she hasn't the price of a tram faie home. I'HEBK are eight newspaper men in theQ. Legislative Assembly. This is the Australian record. NOEL BUXTON, eon of S.A. Governor Fool B., is a rational temperance reformer. Evidently the family is repenting of its early connection with a brewery. 15ARB)STHB M'IKIRNI-V HAB a brother a priest and a sister a nuo. while a younger brother is a lieutenant in the Victorian Defence Forces. A lawyer, a soldier, a priest and a nun ! Truly a representative family. JUSTICE WILLIAMS is reported to be an adept performer on the concertina. At school he gained quite a notoiiety by his mastery of the instrument. ONE eloquent Anglican clergyman notes liis sermons in the margin with such guideB as, " Pause here," " Smile blandly here," " Look solemn here," " Raise voice here," and soon. As a consequence of ringing in these effects, his discourses are always excellently rendered. I'be fact that he in early days studied for the stage doubtless accounts for his elocutionary foresight. JUSTICE HOOD is the best mathematician on the Victorian Bench, and is reckoned most suitable for cases involving intricate calculation and disentanglement of figures. Justice Holroyd's forte is mining law. While the Chief ana Justices Williams and Hodges prefei intellectual suits dashed with romance and social problems, Justice A Beckett prefers criminal cases, and especially capital charges. THE two Dicky ends of the late Patterson Ministry, Dicky 'Baker and Dicky Richardson, still do a little departmental trotting on their own account. They are occasionally to be met with bumming round the departments, seeing officers and Ministers. It is odd how the guests of ex-members, who are politically corpses, haunt these departments as murdered nobles haunt their ancestral halls. They seeiu to have a little lingering influence, for old acquaintance's sake, and work it for all it is worth. SHALL men as well as big men are bitten with the bicycle craze. Count Magre, the dwarf who married Tom Thumb's widow, is the latest victim. The Count's top knot was feet from the ground, and his biku, specially bunt, will cost ,£(50. The dimensions include a 14- inch wheel and a 12-inch frame. Weight is not to exceed JOlb. This is a record—in Lilliput. How many of the residents of Government House atthepiesent time are disabled? Loid Brassey has a patched nose, Captain Wallington has his arm in a sling, and there was a spectator at the levee on Monday who had his aim in a sling also. This was little baby Freeman Thomas, who, with his maid, witnessed the Iceec from the musicians' balcony at the west end of the ballroom. He is a pretty little boy, and he took a great interest in the proceedings—especially in "dadda,'' who, in the brilliant scarlet staff uniform, was showing visitors through the barriers to the Governor. Probably the little chap was the most interested—and one of the most interesting—persons present. JOHN LEW, the wealthy Jew recently murdered in the East End of London, has a brother and five Dephews and nieces in Sydney. As he died intestate, these relatives, one of whom is G. L. Goodman, Williamson and Musgrove's .-ydney manager, will benefit to the June of .£50,000 apiece. A decent " cut." WHAT has become of the Psychical Research Society that was formed and set to work with such a flourish of trumpets about a couple of years ago ? It is never heard of now. HAS it gone bung ? Or have the Bpooks frightened it out of existence ? Or did it die of indigestion, after a gorging of melon jam? One would like to bear definitely of its fate How would it do to form another Research Society to search for the Psychical Research Society—as Stanley went to search for Livingstone. . . , ,, Wk notice in our theatrical columns the familiar name of Mr. James h Moore, so well and popularly known in theatrical circles as treasurer and manager in Melbourne and Sydney, at which latter place be is now located. In this instance, however, he has discarded theatrical life for that of hotel-keeping, and is now the genial host of the City Wine Vaults, George street W„ Sydney, where friends and visitors will find a hearty welcome and first-class accommodation. TnEFourtM tctonaPermaaentBuildingSocte^ of which Colonel 7'empletoa is theliead, has taken o»er the management of the Planet Society. The Colonel says that there are too many building societies, that his society is the boss of the lot, and that they are willing "to take over the management of other societies, as they have done in the case of the Planet." 