CHAPTER XIII. Ketiilmtion. Meanwhile- (in tho pretty house in Park lane there were aching* hearts and sad faces». Tihe unexpected return of Doris, sé pale and wan and spiritless, so utterly changed from her former bright self, was'ti terrible shock to Sir John and Lady Olivia. With rare tact and self-denial, however, they refrained from asking lier any questions,.trusting that in time she would confide in them. Sho shrank, however, from any allusion to 1he events which had led to her arrival, and for the first few days she was too ill to leave her bed or bear the slightest strain on her 'Attention. The first day she came down stairs./loo.kiug like a ghost of her former self, sho found flier cousin, Fred L'Estrange, with lier "mather, and she begged to . bo allo wed to hayö a little quiet talk -with him. Her .motheri willingly acceded to her request, and slipped quietly out of .the room. It was then;, that Doris, recalling to her cousin his prohiisp to be her -fri en tl always, confided to him 'bçr troubles-lier terrible doubts and forebodings, and as much as she knew bf thc mysterious circumstances of the last féw .months-begging him to go down and seo her hu sba ntl, and, if possible, to bring him .back to her, the only point on wbcli she was silent being his relationship to Ruth Mit chell. . *'He has always been. so. good ito me, you kuo\V, Fred," she said, feebly, "and I'm afraid I did very wrong in leaving him as I did, and not trusting more to him. But it seemed as if I were carried away by some irresistible impulse outside »rnj'self. I think my nerves were upset; I really did feel ill, you know." Her cousin gazed in speechless sorrow on tho thin, sad face, the brown eyes with their wistful expression reminded him of a dying stag ho had once shot in the Highlands. The pathos of 'that look had 'haunted him for days, and neither the ridicule nor the en treaties of his friends had ever prevailed up on him to go out stag-hunting again. '?'Ot course, I'll go, Doris," he replied, huskily. "Thank you for giving me some thing to . do for you," and itben, seeing that she was not fit to talk any more, he. bade her as cheerful a good-bye as ho could, pro mising to return shortly with her husband, if eloquence: could convince or persuade him. He îtook .the'preeaiTtiou, however, of paying a.-yisit to: Messrs. Blair and Travers on be half of IVTrs. Döring, and obtained from- thom as much information as he could persuade so cautious .a firm to Impart. With ibo re sult *.of, his, embassy we are already ac quainted. Lady .Olivia found her- daughter more cheerful when she returned to the room- af ter Lord Frederick had left, and hastened to tell her husband that Doris seemed a little better when the hard- worked judge return ed jhome' the same evening. He shook his head sadly..- . "I'm afraid we did wrong, very wrong; in letting her marry that fellow," he said. -, "I suppose I was a bit dazzled with his wealth and all .that, but a man who had been knpckr lng-'about among savages all his life-" "He was brought up on a desert island, my love," interpolated Lady Olivia softly. "Well, it's all the same," replied Sir John, rather irritably; "a. fellow who'd never been to a. public school, or haiti the breaking-in of a. gentleman-" "It's no good looking back now, dear," said his wife, soothingly; "perhaps.the trou ble, whatever it ,is, will all blow over. Doris tells nie Fred is going down to see Mr. Lor ing, who was rattier vexed at her going off so suddenly, she says. I suppose she was home-sick, poor child. Wo must be as cheerful as we can for flier sake, though it goes to my heart to see her looking so hag gard and ill," ended Lady Olivia, tearfully. WI ion Lord Frederick returned- alone from Lorhig Park Doris's heart sank within lier, and an unaccountable foreboding deepened the depression which was .becoming habitual with her, and against which she was power less to struggle. Her mother s>oon gave lier the opportunity for which ¡-he was longing, .and the -moment they wert' alone Doris said eagerly : "Is he coming, Fred?" Fred shook his heart. It was as much as be could do 'to restrain the exprcsson of his indignation. "Is he so angry 'with me? Didn't he send any message?" asked .Doris, piteously. "He wants you to-goback, I think," replied ber cousin, slowly and reluctantly. "But didn't you tell him I was ill?" urged Doris, with a li ttle pucker of ber lips, like a child on the verge of tears. "Yes, yes, I told him," was the reply; "but I don't think he. quite took it in; he. seems bent upon, your returning to him.'! :. -: . "Was that all he.sald, absolutely.all?" - in sisted, his wife. Fred,-hesitated. ' ' ' 3 "Well, he offered you an inducement to re turn, but I really don't .think it ought 'to weigh wilth you; you;aren't fit to,-ilravel, and ho.has no right to urge it." {'Tell,' mo what he said; please tell ; rae everything, Cousin Fred," entreated Doris. ."He asked me what I bad beard, and told me I probably didn't know the true version of the story; but finally ho confessed that he. knew where the' young mau ls who disap peared so mysteriously, and could guarantee that he was safe and well, and that he would re-npponr before long." :;."TJiank God for that!' ejaculated Doris, fervently. .' -' "Andftlien he said, 'It Doria chooses to re turn flionio, alone, of lier own free will, I will tell, her, and her only, where be is, and Iben she can tell anyone else she. likes.' " ' (To bo continued.) The manufacture of gas from coal will sonia day he divined'Into'two departments-gas for illumina tion and. gas for heating. It la the procaz of clari fying the gas for illumination which maltas it so costly. It 1,9 estimated that an inferior quality of gas for heating could be produced at a very cheap rate. It would, of course, require two sets of gas piping to he laid down. 