||it£ iterufeihiu DDTCR TUB DIVER. [By G. Manville Pknn.] \ CHAPTER XVI. |i.~-V..-' ? , ... , - ? {! OAKOM AT FAULT. ' . ' Pray, pray- do not let ua part like I that,' she whispered, ''Dutch, dear | - Dutch, if yon could only read my heart, \- yon would know how unkind are your suspicions, how cruel to me. Let mo oxplain. Question me— anything.' tl 'Good niehti' he' said. ' Go down below. I ffi 1 not. have a scene here.' ' I will obey you, Dutch,' she -said, quietly, as by a great etrorfc 8h6 masterea her emotion. ' Some.day, dear, you will find out the truth. Till then I will wait patiently and unchanging.: -Don't be an gvy with me for coming. I should hare died if you had left me behind.' She spoke with so sweet a pathos in her Voice that Dutch's heat beat, pain fully, and the words were on his lips to say, .♦» Gome to me, darling, I do believe 1 you but they were not spoken, for she slowly descended the stairs to the cabin, leaving bim\gozing wistfully after ; her. Then, vvalkinp to the side, he leaned his head upon his hands, praying in the bitterness of his heart that this painful time might end, and listening, as it were, to adverse promptings of his spirit, seeming to hear the swSet innocency of her life proclaimed to him on the one side, while on the other, in hateful re petition, came the scenes he bad witnessed, the dreamy vision, the strange alteration in her manner, Laura's triumphant sneers, and the shadow on the blind. 'If heaven had but given me the strength of mind that he has given to my outward frame, I could have been ?happy,' he groaned/ ; ' If you Lan there and doze, so cloic to these forests, friend Pugh, wo shall have you down with fever,' said the cap tain, laying his band upon his shoulder. Dutch started up, for he had not heard him approach. ' I was thinking,' he said, hastily. 'I know what, about, Pugh; and, from what my girl B^ssy has said, to me, I should like to talk to you. 'But I can't help feeling that matters are coin ing right without iny interfering. There, I'll say no more. I only-wanted to have a chat with you quietly. I've been talk— ing to Parkley, and I want to tell you I have made the strictest-arrangements for guarding against surprise. Regular ?watch will be kept, just as if we were at sea ; for, of course, before long it is probable that we may have many* thou ? sand pounds' worth of metal on board. But at the same time I think we have circumvented the enemy.' ' You have seen nothing to excite your suspicions, then,' said Dutch. ' No. Nor you ?' ' Nothing whatever.' ' That's well ; . but, all tho same, we :???? will not relax our watchfulness!' Parkley . . 1 it : j ? i ? 1 ? QUO. 1110 UUUlUi UttVU uuuu yiumiacu, uuu you must do. the same.' ' What is that ?'-' '-Whenever you wake in the night, getmp and come and have a turn round the deck. It will keep the men to their work if they feel that at any time they may be overhauled.' ' What was that 7' said Dutch, softly; and he laid his, (hand upon the captain's arm. , ? ' They ' both stood listening intently, and gazing in the direction whence the sound had come. The night was now intense in its darkness, and for reasons of- their own — being, of course, far out of the track of ships—rno lights whatever were shown ; even ! those in the cabins were out, or so arranged that they would not attract at tention; if a' wandering, savage should have' drawn up* his canoe on the beach. The stars glittered overhead, but the greater pari of the sky was overcast, and \- the heat seemed to portend a storm ; but all jf»s. perfectly , still, except the. low, soft wash of the; water as it broke upon the sands, and bathed them with the pale gold phosphorescence. ' I heard nothing,' said the captain, softly. 'I'm afraid, Dutch Pugh, that we have frightened ourselves rather too much. All we need fear now is the weather. -Perhaps we might have a little trouble with the Indians if they found us out ; but we could easily keep them at bay.' 'I certainly heard an unusual sound,' replied Dutch. ' Let's walk quietly forward.' They walked towards the bows ; as they -did so a dark figure which had been lying a couple of yards from Dutch, close beheath the bulwarks, glided softly away like a huge snake. So dark was. it that it was bard to distinguish the outlines, and the trace where the figure went, while its movement were so silent that the two watchers saw nothing. They went and, spoke to the man lean ing over the bows, who proved to be Dick Rolls. ' Heard anything ? said the captain, going up so silently that the man start ed. ' Lord's truth, capen, don't do that !' he exclaimed, in an injured tone. It's skeary enough here listening to the things creeping about in the wood there. No^ I aibt heard nothing else.' ' Keep a sharp look-out,' said the captain, and the man uttered a growl. Walking SQftly aft, they found the man, on the watch to bo Bob Lenoie, who was seated on the bulwarks, making sort of a humming noise to himself, under the impression' that ho was sing . ing. He, too, allowed himself to be bo closely approached that they almost touched him before he spoke. ' No,' ho said, slowly, ' I ain't seed nor heard anything : only the lights over yonder in the woods, and the black things crawling in and out of the water whero that there patch o' yeller sand is.' ' You must have been mistaken, Pugh said tho captain. All's right ; let's go and turn in,' Dutch followed him down the cabin stairs, and the deck was left to the watch. For quite half an hour all was per fectly still, except when some 'strange forest cry . arose, and then two figures stole softly out from under the bulwarks, and went forward, to find Dick Rolls had joined his fellow-watcher, for com pany's sake. That was sufficient. The next minute the falls were seized, and the little. dingy which bung from .the davits was softly lowered into the water ; two , men slid down the ropes, unhooked the boat as it rose with the swell, and, : without attempting to use _ the sculls, let the current drift them slowly away into the bank of darkness that . closed the vessel ronnd. Before dawn every man; was .on 'deck waiting the rising of the sun, for there was not one who did not. look forward with great excitement to the coming day; which might: bring largo wealth to some, and to all an increase of pay, besides which there was a certain fascination in the search. The, mystery and un certainty of the adventure had their charms, while. to the more ignorant there was a thrill of . excitement in the super stition with which their minds mingled the project. -Those, who had in their lives toiled bard to obtain the treasure must, they felt, return to the place in spirit where it was lost, and try to guard it from sacrilegious touch. The subject had been well discussed in the forecastle, and there was hardly one who did not' feel the childlike desire, mingled- with dread, that is felt by ' the ignorant over some ghost story — the shrinking and the desire to know. It was, indeed, felt to be an eventful morning, and Mr. Parkley looked pale as he stood on deck in the cool grey mist talking to Dutch, and wondering whether good fortune, was to attend their venture. As for Oakum and Polio, they, too, were on their mettle, for on them de pended a good deal ; while old Rasp also appeared among the excited - group on decK, wnere ne naa oeen seen nncutue during the| voyage after the . first few days, for he had spent most of his time below, polishing helmets and oiling and re-oiling valves in the cabin he shared with Oakum, and where they had squab bled and disagreed all through the voy age. ? (To be Continued .) 