. M"UIP8. Enr?er?;' Have you any very expansive taste, Oharlie ?' Oharlie: * Well, 1 don't know-I'm very fond of you.' Mabel (all agitation): ' Marie, what do you think! Lour brother actually proposed to moe during the sermon at church this morning.' Marie (nonohalantly): 'Oh, you mustn't mind that. He often talks in his sleep.' A Near Approaoh.-Little girl: 'Did you ever dream of being in heaven ?' Little boy i 'No, not exactly ; but.I dreamt once that I was right in the middle of a big apple dum pling.' Awe-struck Visitor : 'It must be very dif ficult to produce such an exquisite work of art.' .ealer: 'Nonsense. elmost anybody can paint a picture; but finding a viotim to buy it after it is painted is where the art comes in.' Mrs. Philanthro: ' Tell me, my poor man, is your blindnese permanent ?' Mendioant (deepairingly): 'It looks like it, lady. Times ts that bad, I don't see no chauce of retiring.' A: *Now, if I understand correctly, the first principle of Socialism is to divide with your brother man.' B: 'Then you don't understand it correctly. The first principle of decialism is to make your brother man divide with you.' Magistrate: ' Ishould think you would be sorry for having so far forgotten yourself as to throw a plate at your wife.' Prisoner : ' I am; that plate cost half-acorown.' 'tio you've bought your wife.aiother ex pensive ring. Isn't that a waste 6f money?' * On the contrary, it is true economy, for she won't require hallf so many pairs of gloves as formerly.' l01d young lady (ooquettishly): 'How old are you, little buoy ?' ' Fohr years.' ' And can you guess how old I am P' ' No; I can only count up to 40.' bhe: ' I notice that it is the single men who are the moat anxious to go to war' He (much married) :' ' Yes; they don't know what war is.' Examiner in physicse: ' What happens whena'light falls into the water. at an angle of forty-five degrees?' Student:' It goes o nt I' ' ' d ?r '' :"r S. 'Yon\ should" gdt him, to sign the pledge before you marry him." ' Why,' he doesn't drini P' ' No, but he may be tempted to, later.' . , A mean landlord' raised the rent of one of his houses because the wcalle have bulged out, and therefore made the house larger. The musieoian's wife: ' Have 'you thor oughly pmroatised the accompanimente you ara to play for Miss Amateur to-night?' The musician : ' No, but it doesn't matter, you know. It's a society musicals, and no. body over listens.' Unole George: 'Did you see the eclipse of the moon the other night?' Little hitheld: ' No; we sat up late to see it, but the sky was so cloudy they didn't have it,' Mmmua: ' Now, Tommy, you have caught cold.again; if you are not careful I shall have to keep you in the house altogether' Tommy: 'I didn't catch no cold, mamma; the old cold caught me. I jos didn't do nuffinu but sit on the grass.' Bashful Regan (after a long pause): 'I'm a-thinking I shall go an' 'heat for a sojor, Widow tikelly.' 'Faith, thin, it's poor sojoer you'll make!' 'Phwat do yez mane?' 'Oh, nothing I only a man who kapee on callin' on a widdy for a couple of years without pluck enough to shpake his moind hasn't the markin' of asojer in him.' School Ilepectioni-- Jones (reading): '"Not a drum was heird, not a funeral noto, As his corse to the ramparte we hurried."' Inspector (interrupting): 'What is meant by 'not a funeral note" P' Jones: 'Please, sir, there were no invitatione.' Sharpa: 'Bunom is a self-made man, isn't he P' Flutto: 'Yes; what made you thinksoP' Shaipe: 'He seems to be ao well satisfied with the job.' 'LWhen I look.st, my oongregations,' ro marked a dear old vioar, ' I wonder where are the poor; but when I count the offertory I ask myself, where are the rich P' A.: 'Did it ever occur to yoe what a cbarming conversationalist P- sle'P' B.: 'Well, I don't know; not particularly. Why P' A.: 'Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, yenou know, and you can toll your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them.every time as much as at the first telline?.' ' What did the doctor say was the matter with you?' 'He soid he didn't lnow.' ' Well, what doctor are yenou going to next F ' 'None. When a doctor dares to make such an admission as that, he must bhe about as high in his profoirasion as he can got.' Artemus Ward sent a notice to a country editor of his coming show. ' If your peoplo is tcoetotal, tell 'em Mr. Ward knows not the taste of licker; but if on the conrry, they takes their tod, say Mr. Word is as genial a feller as we ever met, and the lifo and solo of the soshal herd.' Inquirer: * I soo it stated some philosopher says that the way to care yourself of a love affair is to run away. Do you belieove it P' Oyious: ' Certainly-if you run away with the girl.' Food for the Mind Also.-Page Boy: ' I want two pounds of perk sausages, and eook says will you be so hind asto wrap them no in at newsplpor containing a good lovoe story ?' Too good--Client: ' Well, did I make a good witanesP' Lawyer, ' Yes; between you and that stupid jrr y?ol took some aonda out of my pockoe. Client: ' Why, I won the case, didn'tIP' Lawyer: ' That's just the point; I' wanted a chance to appeal.' SMamma: 'You should always take the smaller piece of anything offered, You just took the larger piece of oake, and left the smaller' pieeou for your older brother.' Tommy: 'But, mamma, as Willie is my lder,' I think the ,plate should have been passed to him first,' He: ' What a wonderful complexion Mrs. Needham hasb ' hhe: 'That's made up' He : * But you can't deny that she has ba good fiuro.' .Bhoe; * That's made up also.' He: * But, thoen, bshe has mental abilitioes.' Bh:e: 'Oh I as regards her mind, that's about the only thing she Inever does make up.~' The Great Difforenco: "Houenmatd: ' For my pert, I can't understand how Mrs Spnt. tor can live in the saemne house with that oros. patoh of a husband.' Pollcenman: 'Oat you live in tihe same house with him, Mary.' louseonemid: ' Ho doesn't dare to be oross to me; and bueldes, I reto my wares.' A parrot in u cortain family Was usually kept in the dlning-room with the family, but during the winter was removed to the kitchen for greater warmth. WheR the wintor was 'est it again made its appearance among the family, whom it amused with the now renmarks it had ploked up in the kitchen. On one ,oeanlon, when the bell had boon rung for something, the parrot was heard raourkiog from his ougo, 'L et 'em ring again.' When theo Kinog of Portugal went to B1l. moral to be installed 'in the Order of the Garter h made his first acquaintance with tllghland costume. As his Majesty was Ieing escortod from the railway station by a body of men in hilts he looked quootion igly at their bare lege and said, 'Why1 aro thenso men without trousers' 'It's juset a iOcal custom,' gravely answered the Duke of Ffe. ' In some places men tako off their hats as a mark of respoot to dlistin guslehed guests. Here they take off their trousers.' In an Edinburgh sohool the other day an inspoetor, wihluig to test the knowledge of a ulase in fraotlons, naked one boy whether he would rather takq a six'h or a asovoenthpart of en orange if he had hise choice. The boy Ir?omptly repiod that he would take the ven. At this the inspector explained at l~egtl to be class tihat the boy who would chooso the smallor part as this boy had done bIooause it looked the larger frotitn wa?q very foollsh; but the laugh was on the other sido whekn the chirpling voea of anuother. urchin broke in in remonstrauno, ( Plealo, nlr, but that boy diela like oranges l' 