Princess Spinaway's Story. LADDIE BOY. CHAPTER V. If tlie classical ghost that Brutus feared Was the ghost of his Caesar unprepared, I'm sure I pity Brutus. Although I have used this heading, you must 'not imagine that my book-hating Laddie had arrived at the unutterable dignity of translat- ing Caesar with the aid of a dog-eared dictionary and a surreptitious crib. Oh, dear, no! He was still floundering hopelessly about in the slough of the third declension, and having weary battles over those bugbears of young Latin learners, adjectives of one declension declined with #ub slnntives of another. I only want to convey to you in language strong- er than prose could be the way in which the les- sons weighed day after day upon his young mind. The day he "turned 7," as the idiom says, his troubles began. From the depth of a book cup- board his father produced a dingy, unattractive . locking volume, and informed him that he was about to teach him Latin, as he was quite old enough now. Laddie subsided reluctantly into a chair in the study, and Mr. Raymond tried every Lard to bring his master mind down to the level of the little child, and make things clear for him. But it was a disastrous failure, for although Laddie said "Um," and "Eh," and "Oh, yes" a few times, he was far more occupied in watching the manoeuvres of a big March fly on the window pane, and giving occasional squeezes to a great locust in his pocket. However, the lesson ended at last. Laddie was free to go for one of his wild gallops round the garden paths, and before his breath gave way had conscientiously wiped from his memory tablet every vestige of the dead language. This sort of thing went on for a week. The lesson was given each morning in a most careful, painstaking manner, and Laddie wriggled and fid- geted about on his chair, sometimes listening, oftener lending a totally deaf ear. Then, when released, he set about forgetting it all in his .whole-hearted, downright way, and succeeded ex- cellently well. But when, after ten days' patient tuition, his face still assumed the blank, inexpressive look of a gingerbread rabbit with currant eyes, his father naturally became vexed, and then Laddie found once more the utter uselessness of pitting himself against that iron will. Every day a certain quantity had to be learned, and, further, comprehended, before he stirred from that hateful chair at the study table; every day an exercise had to be written, and tolerably correct, by that email, unwilling hand. It all seemed doubly hard to the child, because hitherto he had been allowed to pick up the little knowledge he possessed in a happy-go-lucky fashion that had, however, merits of its own. Ho had learned to read sprawling on the verandah floor and building bright alphabet blocks into enchanting castles with the help of his mother's hands. And his first unsteady hieroglyphics had been merrily traced with a stick upon the gravel of the little carriage drive, and she had caught him up, kissed him rapturously, and afterwards let him discuss the contents of the biscuit barrel without a single restriction. In the simple book that Nature opened to him he knew even more than his father. He could tell you the name of every tree, every flower, and shrub in the place. Prom two wee leaves just showing above the ground in the vegetable garden he knew whether carrot, turnip, parsnip, or peas were coming. He had all manner of little anecdotes of animals and bits of history in that small head of his, and could talk in quite an interesting way of various peculiarities of animal and vegetable life. But grammar he had not tackled yet at all, or arithmetic, or any of the sterner branches of learning; and now every morning was spent in grappling with copies that would get dirty and inky, sums that had a knack of wandering wildly over two sides of the slate and turning Avrong in the end, and Latin that must in truth have been the abomination of desolation spoken of by the prophet. Poor, small, motherless. Laddie, how my heart used to ache for him sometimes, when he came up the hill to me after a long, weary morning, his face dirty and stained with tears, his hair, all rumpled, and his small, chubby hands black with ink. In a childish way he was" growing very pessi- mistic over the strange mystery of life that the oldest of us can only sorrowfully guess at. :**What*s the good of being alive?" he said once, in a fierce little burst to me, when his work had been going even more wrong that usual. "I'd rather be dead or a caterpillar, a lot." I followed the glance of his eyes and saw a great; lazy, furry caterpillar progressing peace- fully and pleasanily along over the soft, fresh giass, by means of little, slow, rhythmic move- ments; it did look rather enviable. He stooped and picked it up a little viciously. "Caterpillars don't have to eat porridge, or leam Latin, "tisn't fair," he said. He turned it over roughly for compensation; it squirmed about for a minute, then curled up lazily in his hand, and he gazed at it thoughtfully. "Caterpillars don't eat fruit; what should I do with all my grapes if you were one?" I returned. He brightened up a little. "In the pantry, are they? And have you any lemon tarts? Shall I go and see?" He departed hastily, returning before long well laden, and we had a little feast under an apple tree, discussing meanwhile such grave questions as whether it is advisable to set duck eggs under hens or ducks, and whether dogs should be allowed meat in hot weather, and if so, how much, and if much how often. Presently I was requested to continue a story I wat; telling him in instalments-a story of a won- derful fairyland where everyone, after a certain trial of strength and patience, was allowed to choose their own mode of life. ""What would you choose," he asked me when the tale, like the time-honored clock of "My Grandfather," stopped short never to go again. I was lazy, I remember, and replied laughingly that a hammock slung under a tree just out of the sunshine, a mountain close by made up of all the books in the world, and Laddie himself in large doses and at fequent intervals, constituted iny idea of the most perfect happiness attainable. "Now, Phillip, my king, yours," I said, draw- ing him on to my knee and putting back the hair from his forehead. Poor Laddie, what an odd, pathetic little Uto- pia it was. "All the books in the world down a volcano, all the porridge swallowed up by an earthquake; no soap or having to wash, the Zoo and the Botani- cal Gardens for his very own, a pond full of kid- ney mince on toast, a river of raspberry drink, mother alive to put him to bed, and a real gun." (To be continued.) 