I TivAY OF A WILL. I Br THE A"11011 oF 'Mv Stkw"e I Patient,' etc. I L I She bad "id it- And be had believed B ,,| with » tremendous emphasis I kefthe comprehenfive little word,— all I .over between them. It was as l£ I tTtf . t L.j nlstanA and rrflnn itadcor or DUJJC u»« -r' I . hensrlngft"® tbe.knob in mourning I 7?his romance so cruelly done to death. I Borer Golden, victim of despoudency, I ii«l in his room under the eaves of I Se boarding-bouse, and would not be I fAttad He was young, and this I ZfSS trouble overwhelmed him. I ' -.A lone days bad worn away since I ?rbad spoken, without dulling the I flness of the blow she had inflicted. I TntU dreary week his face had grown I wmard bis dress careless; business I w« had bees more than ever a farce I the eix by ten room in a tell building I Ire town which he called his office. I Tie rare client seeking an architect's I .Slice might have knocked on its door I i„ vain ; for. even had he gamed ad- I imi.A in the few minutes in each day I airior which its tenant occupied the I sltce.it would have been but to bo I bidden to take himself and his need of I elans aod specifications elsewhere. I There was little of the money-maker in I Golden, and at this time dollars seemed I to bin) 'iitrdly worth the soeking, even I though it was to his lack of sufficient I lisre of tbem that his woe might be I traced. She was not mercenary,— so I mush he realised,— but she understood I (he cash requirements of love in. a I modem co'-tege and the great troth that I iteady inroads upon a modest capital do I jot open the way to prolonged marital I bliss- Again and again had she, speafe- I |ng jot from the wisdom of a prophetess, I hut, as he suspected, from that of ber I btber, urged him to cultivate the pain I hi virtues of prudence, thrift, and Kooomy, and as often as he laughed at I her warnings, as was nataral enough ; I fet from the beginning of things the H song of the siren has been of joyous ; I idlmes", or it has been sung to deaf ears. I Aid then the climax had come. A I diimoud ring which had captivated faia | I (mcy bid charmed her eye, but startled j her common sense. She had rejected set only the gift but the giver, not with the haste of impulse, which generally i meada the carpet for coptrition to walk | upon, but with the gently Inexorable deliberateness of well-grounded convic- ! (too, which hardly knows the risk of . Bll-rrproach. Perceiving which, he bad : gone away sorrowful, and sorrow had been his portion ever since. Golden, wasting an afternoon iu staring at the month-old ashes in his pite and finding in them a sort of dumb fellowship of calamity, was not I pretty picture. Nor was he good to look open when be fell to pacing the door with almost the energy to be ex pected Id a life prisoner who, anxious bt death, is ordered to daily exercise lemiiutain his hraltb. After a little, however, the slow tramp up and down the room ceased. Picking op a book it random from half a dozen on his table, he threw himself Into a chair and tried to read. It seemed at first that htcould not hare made a poorer selection fins the compendium of legal forme which chance had put in his way. He turned the leaves mechanically, glanoing III line or two here and there. Sud denly something caught hie eye. He tad the page from beginning to end, Bailing with grim approval not so much el the phraseology of the paragraphs before him as of the plan they suggested. He took a long sheet of paper from bis desk and wrote carefully, beginning with 'Id the name of God, Amen,' and cooliooing, with frequent references to file hook, until be had cowered the paper to within an iucli of the lower margin. So much accomplished, he poshed an electric button : in a few minutes a arrant appeared. ' Please ask Mrs. Mack to come here,' Hid he, ' and come yourself, Norab.' Presently the landlady basiled into the room, with the maid in her wake. Golden added his name to the document on the table, requesting tbem to witness the signature. This they did in rather iwe-etricken fashion, subscribing them- efrea slowly, and going back to toneb tp letter or two where the ink had sot flowed freely from the pen. Then they tiptoed out, with the solemnity of toe occasion still upon them. The young ten looked at his watch. Fonr-forly,' he reflected : 'an hour Bid a half more of the afternoon. I'll go oat : can't stand this place any longer. Evening had come on when he returned ten his ramble, and most of faisfollow- terders had dined. It pleased hint 1 hive a table to himself, and, with ; so appetite slightly sharpened . by te stroll, he made a better meal than hid been his custom for the last few d>ya As be rose from his seat the teid brought him a telegram, handling gingerly, as a thing of fateful poati- 'Just come, sor,' she explained. Tho "je's wsitiu'.' Stepping into the ball, Golden opened If Prilow envelope and ran hiseyeover ihe message ' , : ' If possible, come to me at one. Don't ueliy, My days are numbered. - RICEABD CBBIGH.' ' 'I'm off to-night,' was the answer Golden scribbled oe -a blank produced nomthe meeeenget's pocket. Then he jtedted up the stairs to his room, junmed oto a email valise a few articles neees- nry for a. journey, and, picking up bis bat and light overcoat, started for the door. There he paOBed irresolutely, and turned back to . take from a 'drawer of the desk the document which he bad prepared a few hours earlier, and to en close it in an envelope upon which he placed hie name and. above it the words ' Please hold Tor.' This envelope he thrust within a second,, upon -which he wrote « John -Henry" Burnett,' The .Maharajah, City,' and decorated .with apostage-stamp. A little later, he hnrried eloag the street to the nearest cab-stand, he dropped the letter in a corner mail-box. He had two miles to cover in order to reach the railway station, and his time was brief. The cabman's face lengthened when he heard his pros pective paasengei's demand. ' There's just one way ye can make it, mebbe,' he declared. ' That's by walking the railroad bridge from this side of the river — if ye das't try iu- All right,' cried Golden. 'Get me to the bridge, then, as fast as yonr horse can travel.' After ten minutes of rattling over rough pavements, swift dodging along crowded thoroughfares, and break-neck, driving down quiet side streets, the cab -pulled op on the edge of a net-work of tracks, dotted with many switch -lights and busy in places with the making up of trains. To the right .the .shadowy outlines of the bridge showed the path which Golden -had to follow. There were signal lights about the structure, but tbey were high above the ground and too faint to lessen the darkness be low tbem. At its beginning, -at least, the passage promised to be nerve-trying, especially to one who ' knew of the hundred feet intervening between the bridge and the surface of the river. ' Hustle, an' you can make it, mister,' said the cabman,bendingdown to consolt his watch by the beams of his vehicle's lamps. 1 Ton've got five miontes good. Keep to the left hand; so's nothin' 'oil be buttin'.irito yon before yon .see it Ah' if the watchman yells at yon, don't stop for him : he's old, and he won't chase yon.' Golden harried toward the bridge, with as modi speed as was advisable in the midst of the maze of rai'c. The watchman most have been off guard, for the yonng man neither saw or heard anything of him, and he was fairly upon the bridge when a husky voice sounded almost at hie elbow ; ' I shay, ol! fellow,, goin' crash 3. Leteh go together. Hal' each other up, -yon know. What shay f Can't stop for yon,' Golden answered." The person who had addressed him rose unsteadily from a resting place on the end of the ties, and made a' hopeless attempt to catch the other's arm. Golden could hear him shouting uncomplimen tary things concerning unsociable folk, long after he had passed the fellow. The thought came to .bim that the bridge was a choicely dangerous spot for an Inebjiate, but it did not occur to bim to tarn back. No doubt the clamor the man was raising wonld bring oat the watchman, who wonld lead him out of harm's way. Meanwhile, the business of keeping hiB own fooling gave Soger slight chance to worry about a etranger's predicament. Two lines of planks laid sideby ride made a foot-path suffici ently broad for nse by daylight, but unpleasantly scanty in the darkness. Fortunately for bim, his head waB clear, andhehadbadsomepracticein traversing beams, and bo, thongh now and then his heart seemed to pop into his throat as he advanced into some stretch of parti- cular blackness, he was'able to make steady and almost vapid progress. He was nearing the end of the bridge, when his toe caught on a projecting spike and for an instant he lost his footing. He did not fall, bnt in the effort to regain his balance he dropped faisvalise, which vanished noiselessly between two of the big steel .supports and plunged into Iho river. Its loss was annovine. bnt not serious, and, thankfnl on the whole to have avoided a worse mishap, he at last reached solid ground, and by dint of a hard spnrt of a hundred yards or more caught his train, with, a margin of a few seconds to .spare. Again he' crossed the bridge, but this time in comfort and ease, and soon was speeding away from the city in which, as be believed, he had experienced the extremes of happiness and sorrow. \- - = IL The afternoon was well advanced, and a cool breeze - was blowing through the open windows of the sick-room, at One of which Golden stood with a patent pretence oT interest gi the bit of hlll- conntry landscape .visible tofaiin. Near another window, propped up on a lounge, lay Jthein valid, &tellmto;Bunken-eyed, hoUow-cheeked,-aud with a face whose ghastly pallor' was 'accentuated- by a month's growth of duh liteid.' " ' Hteide him sat alittle JmM, jMm&»p3i ; jand round-faced. ' Thetwohad been <bofo- ferring iong and earnestly, -bnt their task'tois" nearly "completed. "Presently \- tbe'iittle ' Arian . the invalid.und crossed foG<dd6n.> - :: -4I:Md:,you gnod-foy,sub,' faesald,; Hphi>it8y- roayjharo-e 'en, ina Tower tone,' Every thing is arranged, site papsha -are signed, - wit- "nessedj'and legallyjierfect Andhqw, tog.' r iGotden . watched. tom-m?kB -his -yyay to iho Toadi ro quht fcUtowte/Bmitoh'tet ! appearing in & little donfl of dnet, when the eick man broke the silence in the room. 'Soger — no, I mean Richard,' be 1 said. ' Ah, it is not easy to remember the name, even though I am yohr god father. I want to talk to yon.' The yonng man took the chair beside ' the lounge. 'Don't overtax your strength,' he nrged. 'Better try to rest Isn't it time for the medicine f . . 'Not yet. Besides, the medicine -'does no good. And as 'for my strength, I'd better use it while there's any of it left. After all, it doesn't matter now how quickly it goes. ' I've accomplished that npon which my heart was set I may die to-night, bnt the name will live. You'll bear it, I -dare say, far more worthily than I have. It's a good old name, and I've been prond of it, as I want yon to be prond of it. Yon can't , comprehend what it meant to me to hear the judge, by virtue of the authority vested in bim by the Commonwealth, declare yon Richard Creigb ; for then I knew that tho property wonld pass directly to one of my name. And I pray the money may be of greater nse to yon than it has been to me. Yon'li have to go to Xiondon to complete the deal with the syndicate for the coal lands, bnt after that you'll be foes to torn whither yon please. Probating the will will be a simple nutter ; the jndge will attend to that. He took it away with him just now, almost before the ink oo the signature had dried. You've plana, I suppose. Will yon stick to your profession V Perhaps, bnt not in tbe old place.' ' Then yon don't like that city 3' ' I hate it.' ' Why, I had thought ' Yes, I know. I did fancy it tre mendously until— sell, nntil I met a terrible disappointment. Life seemed very bitter after that, and when I came here and fonod yon, tbe only real friend that was left, so — so 111 ' ' Dying,' said the other, quietly. 'Then — yon'li understand me — I can't tell how I felt, what I felt' Yes, I understand.' . A thin white hand and a sturdy one came together in a clasp more eloquent than any speech to Ihe two friends so soon to part forever. There was silence for a time, and then tbe older man said, eoftly, almost as if the words were for no ears bnt his own. — A week at the most ; probably, less. That was the limit the doctor gave me to-day.' .. HI. The city was simmering through a hot Angnst afternoon, broiling like a lobster in Its shell, with not enough life to wriggle under torture. Even the depths of the dark halls of its great buildings offered little relief from the prevading \- heat, while the rooms opening from them were as ovens or as fire-boxes, according to the directness with which the son beat npon their walls. In a darkened apartment of the ' Maharajah' Mr. John ' Henry Burnett was striving for coolness with the aid of a fan aod a wicker lounge placed jnst where the chance of encountering a stray breeze was most favourable, and against the formidable odds of' a tall collar and a lightly- bnttoned waistcoat. His coat was offi bnt tbis was the sole concession Mr. Bnrnett wonld make to the temperature. HiE collar and waistcoat were not matters of religion with bim, bnt they were matters of habit. He was tell and angular, with a long face, a high nose, aod a square jaw. Every inch of him expressed respectability, as befitted probably the most iBeverely reputable resident of the city, a person who from bis yonth np had made it a study to follow only .the well-beaten paths of established custom. There were those who ascribed his conservatism to a con sciousness of stupidity, and avowed that he made no ventures because be fore saw inevitable blnnders ; " bnt such critics were prejudiced. To his admirers he was a model of all UiBt was desirable in daily walk and conversation, an oracle of the safely commonplace. A rigid yonth in buttons brought in card. Mr. Burnett, rising reloctantly from hie c roch, laid down bis fan and picked the card from the tray. As he read the name upon it bis face lighted up. 'Show him in,' he commanded, seizing bis coat and thrusting his arms into the sleeves with more baste then he ' often displayed. He was posed very effectively with the card between. the- thnmb and . fore-finger of bis left hand, when the -door opened, and a yonng man entered the room. 'Howdy, Bnrnett t tbe visitor ex claimed. : ' How in the world do yon iceep so comfortable 1 Tbis -room's .the coolest place I've fonnd in this town. How are yoo, -anyway Y He advanced "with ontetretcbed band, bnt fin master of the coolest -room in (he town retreated in hot baste to a window, -rhrowing open the blind in reckless disregard of tho light and beat which -poured' io. - - ' ' What's the matter I' ' demanded tbe 'Other. 'Don't you recognize mef What are yon rooking .away for I. I'm warranted bot to bite, even In tbe dog sya."';;" : ; ' Roger ' Gulden ? gasped . Bnrnett. '.Where did yon -.come .from 3 : Whose -card isfhlsT - " ? I' vG/itfs.piine. I supposed .yon'd "iiro.jpf'Aroy change .of -.name; J?m 'Rrihard Creigh now,' 'WhOf -'.ffictiard Creigh. By yirlnre ,jof , i»n ' <«' ,Abs beet man I ever knew, Bnt what , nils yon, Bnrnett f Yon look as If yon'd seen a ghost.' , Burnett advanced from the -window and stiffly extended a band to his visitor. A habit of observlng-the court esies of life stood bim in good stead, eoabliog him to do the proper thing even if it was" done mechanically. When he took a seat, however,.- he contrived to have a desk between himself aod bis caller. 'Pardon me,' said he, with an effort to . regain his normal heavy snaVity, pardon me, hut this is most extraprdin- ar;,- — your reappearance, yon know.' 'I don't koow why itabonld he,' re joined the yonnger man. - ' It's natural enongh to return after going away, isn't it? I was anmmoned to the aide of. an. old friend who was- very ill, and of coarse I started at once. I fonnd him dying In an old house on somecoaifartds he owned down South. He .had no kith nor kin, and he desired me to - .take his name. As my own meant very little to me, I acquiesced. Now I've come buck here for a . day or two. What is there in that proceeding to make yon —if.it were anybody else than yon, I'd say hysterical T Burnett cleared his - throat with a nervous little cough. ' Tbe unusual feature of yonr return,' said he, riowly, ' is that I attended yonr funeral about two months ago. My foneral ? That's a poor sort of joke.' . I am not given t > jokes,' euld Burnett, stiffly. 'So far as I- perceived at the time, it was conducted in doe form, altogether, from yonr presence here, I now judge that Eoine er — er — irregularity mast have crept into it.' . 1 Apparently so. I wish yon'd explain yourself.' You — pardon me if 1 use tbe ' pro noun in thiec-inneciion — yon were struck by a train on tbe bridge and hurled into the river.- Yonr body was picked up a week later on a sand-bar ten miles below the city. The coroner and a jury held an investigation, giving a verdict in accordance with the facte, and yonr acquaintances saw to it that, you were laid to rest with String ceremonies.' ' Gh, come,' said Creigh, impatiently, 'yon don't ask me to believe that such a blnnder was perpetrated, do yon 1 Who identified the body V ' A number of your friendr.' Bnt how conld they have made the mistake! Sorely they most have forgotten my features very quickly.' ' Yon don't understand % circling stances. When a man is' hit by.< a locomotive and tossed into a stream where he remains for so many days, he isn't identified by bit face. Perhaps you'd get a clearer idea from the news paper accounts. I have all the clippings.' Bnrnett touk a handle of printed slips from the desk and passed thum to his companion. 'Halloo!' said Creigh, looking op from the first which met his eye, they fonnd my valise io the river, did tb'oy f 1 Yes : it was regarded as important evidence at the inquest.' Creigh nodded,aad read on. Presently he said, 1 So there was a rival claimant, was there I She seems to have been looking for a missing husband, to have been cocksure that she hid - found him, and to have arid so very distinctly.' ' It was terrible,' said Burnett, with a shudder at the recollection. ' The news papers called it a sceoe. She was cot a lady.' And she was at tbe foneral f 'Yes, and iasisted npon having a front pew. It was most distressing.'' ' I believe yon,' said Creigh, dryly. Then, after another interval devoted to scanning the dips, '.My will is mentioned here : so you opened the envelope which I enclosed in another and addressed to youf I did, after mature deliberation. The inner envelope was inscribed 'Please hold fur Ruger Golden.' When your fate appeared to be certain I broke the seal, and foond in the contents wbht seemed ti be rite, crowning .evidence needed to end all donbt' . ' Wise there any talk of suicide T 'Some; bnt. I assnre/yon I did my best to refnte the idea. The ,wholercaae is generally regarded as an aocideor.' I should think it wonld be/ Persons contemplating self-destruction .don't) as- a rale, cock valises for a trip ho auoriieir world.' So l pointed oat The will, of course, gave rise to goBsip, bat I tried to explain yonr making it npon the ground of a premonition of yon fotA ' ' WbaiVthiaT demanded the other,, sharply. ' Here's a hint of " blighted affections " in-this paper. What started that' f ' Well, yon know, the reporters always pnt in something of-the. .kind, if there's the least excuse. Bnt I stoppei them right there. :Thsy'«e not had fellows at heart, and when a fair statement <if the facts was laid before -them they agreed, for the sake of the young lady, -to go no farther.' ' Then her name was not draggedin ? N-o ; not In the papers' . But there was talk.abont her IT .'Only among those who knew yon both. It's very palnfol. l'm snr bnt how coold it have keen avoided 1 People couldn't help noticing, ih"ri>otqb:abe hasn't been in monrnfog, sfaeilote&'tigo about at alii " She'a retired so romifietely that ndbbdy has seen her for weeks. .1 happened to hear the other day that-she . hasn't even gone dot jdf -terrhj in spite of the terrible weather.' : ; r,;' '.Creigh ofiVrad ,-;iiq response to thls bit gave him roinse m thobL .Ho Long was be silenriy devoted to fais cqgitatloiis that Bnrnett, after many nneasy shifts of "position, was at last forced to say some thing. 'This whole matter is most extra ordinary,' be declared. ' The testimony of the cabman that he saw yoo Start over tbe bridge, the finding of yonr valise and then of the body in the rifrer, the dispovery that yon had. hastily drawn up awill juBt previous to yonr departure, the statements of the -people at yonr boarding-house that yon had received a telegram which seemed , to agitate yon . greatly and that " yon left the Vonse without telling them whither yon were bound, r-rthe case appeared to be dear enongh.' 'A . . SoTahonld imagine from the reanlte.' \- ' -Why didn't yon write to us, to me, to anybody here ? queried Bnrnett. ' Even a postal card would - have pre-, vented the chain of .mistakes' 'It didn't occur to me to write,' Creigh confessed. ' I didn't suppose anybody would have sufficient interest in -pie to care to hear, unless possibly Mrs. Mack might become aoxions about the rent of my ronm. -Bat I didn't -Bend her any word ; I heartily wish I had.' . ' Yes,' .the other chimed in, it would, have saved trouble. As it is, ihe situa tion is extremely awkward— for yoo, I mean.' ' For mc 3 I don't see why. I'm alive instead of being dead, — that's alL' 1 Bnt, my dear fellow, think oi the scandal.' ' Scandal ? Wherein is it worse for a man supposed to be dead to be living, than for a dead man to be supposed to be alive 3' ' Ab, yon don't comprehend yonr res) potirion,' said Burnet', impressively. ' Legally yon are dead and buried : the books of tbe coroner and tbe cemetery prove so much. You can have yonr legal life restored,— at least I suppose yon can, — hot there will have to be court proceeding?, and all kinds of com plications, and the newspapers wilj .make- yonr name a jest and a byword, and all that sort of thing. That's what I meant by scandal. Jnst consider bow trying it will be for everybody concerned. ' : The elder man mopped his brow with his handkerchief. Before him rose .visions of the room in which tbe inquest had been held ; of himself in the witness- chair declaring emphatically that the body, taken from- tbe river was that of bis friend ; of a wild-eyed woman push ing toward him and shrieking that he was trying to rob her of her "dead ; of a jury, impressed by bis -pre-eminent respectability, accepting his statements and bidding his hysterical rival to go way ; visions of a funeral where he had taken the place of chief monrner ; other visions of meetings with reporters at which he" had given to the world his theories of Gulden's fate, and of con fidential chati with iotimstes to whom he had retailed the carious feathreB of the yonng man's will. . Ail through the investigation Mr. Burnett had been the leader, twisting facts to fit his theory ; and now before him was living proof that "he, the most conservative aod care- fnl of men, bad made , of himself a most egregions ass. If the story became public property he wonld have to flee tbe. city : the newspapers would grow merry at his expense ; the children would jeer at him -as he walked the streets ; his associates would gloat openly over the downfall of his infallibility ; and that woman — better exile in a desert than tbe risk of falling into her aveng- ing clutches, tie bad reason to -dwell with emphasis apoa the ' scandal ' in volved in the young man's- reappearance. \- 'A drunken chap bailed me on' the bridge' said Creigh, reflectively. Pro bably he was the victim. I'd see tbe widow, and - tell her what I think, if only there was time. Bnt I most leave the city speedily. I'm going to Europe.' A good plan, — a very good plan,' cried the other, with in - hospitable heartiness. 'Yon'li enjoy the ocean trip immensely ; most pleasant at this season.' Glad to hear it But first I'll have to attend to some matters here, give up my room and office, and so on. By the bye, I'd like that will of mine.1 Burnett turned again to -the desk from which he bad produced the news paper clippings, and brought to light.a document which be fingered nervously for « moment before be passed it to its owner. r 'There's an explanation necessary,' said. he. 'This is a copy. I've been forced lo make some nse of the -original. After yonr — that iF. after the coroner's, verdict, a shyster, who had. heard that yon had.lelt ia little property aod who ' .coojectared that yon'd — well, that yon'd died intestate, applied to the probate court toheappointed youradministrator. Getting wind ofhis scheme, I balked it; bnt to dulfaat l had to file the will with the court. -It would "take- too long to describe ; all the proceedings, but you have the substance of .the story. .Since then I've- been tring vainly: tncom- -muninto with the executor yon -named. I've eeht halfVdozenletbere to'as many addressee, bnt without result. Nobody eeemed lo know where Richard Creigh was to be found. I say, though, Roger, "—Mr. Creigh, I mean,— betB V s queer complication!' " '.V.. ' . : . Burnett paused, as if uncertain how to frame the next sentence. . ' .. ... ' Well, »liat is itT tbe other asked, with -tiiepaticnceof-one towhoma fresh tangle made very litile difierertce. " \- -' Why, .you made , Richard Creigh your exeroter.' -J v Certainly he was my closest friend, «nd":fosnpposed -him ! likely to 'dntlive ni,' .-- ; 'And -now you yourself are Bichnrd Creigh.' \- ' No donbt that u the only name to which I now have a legal right,' the yonng man .admitted.. . Bnt it " won't be difficult to explain how ' . ' Explain !' Burnett broke in. ' Don't yon see -the point 3 Explanations will involve publicity, talk, gossip, .scandal, that's precisely the point yon fail to appreciate.' . . ' If I hadn't lost my head,' said the the visitor, regretfully, ' L wouldn't have forgotten that I'd. named him as executor. But the news that he was so- ill fairly carried me off my feet,. All I thought-of when -his message came was to getto faim witbonta moment's delay. Still; whatagreat difference does it make 3 He:. was Bichard Creigh. then; I'm Bichard Creigh now. Besides, as I'm alive, my willdoe8ii'txoant.' ' Maybe not ; bnt remember the coro ner's verdict: it's a matter of - record.' ' Oh, bother tbe record !' cried the young man. ' ' Here's another to offset yonrs, Here's the -certificate, or what ever they" call it, given me by the judge who granted my petition for a change of names.' '"'Bead it and he convinced. . He toreed a folded paper to Bnrnelt, who, opening it with considerable curi osity, perheed it from begionningto end. There was a new light in hta eye as he looked np. ' What's the date of the will 3' he asked." ' May the twenty-fifth. ' Hadn't yon noticed It 3' ' Yes, I had noticed it,' said. Barnett, dryly. 'That isjusb why I spoke, — in order to call yonr attention to the fact. You see, this certificate, too, is dated, the twenty-fifth" of May.' ' Creigh rose and snatched "the paper from his seuior'a hand. ; ' ' Deuce take the careless jndge, so it is f he cried. It's a mistake, of coarse. He wrote " May" instead of "Jane," — that's alL' .' Quite enongh to make yon a lot of trouble,' quoth Burnett, oracularly. 'Tell me, though, at what boar of the. day was this thing signed 1' ' Between three and four o'clock in the afternoon.' 1 And yonr will T ' About half-past four, as I remem ber.' Indeed !' said Barnett, with vaet meaning. " If I'm not mistaken, cen tral time; ' which ia an hoar later than onr eastern time, prevails in tbe region where yob dropped tbe Roger Golden.' 'What if it doesf rl5ierely that, on tho face of the re cords, nobody can tell whether yonr will or your certificate was Bigoed first. Going still by the records, my boy, so nearly as I can make ont, it's a pretty question whether yon haven't appointed .yourself yonr own -executor.' 'That's impossible.' ' Io fact, yes ; in law — I tell you law ia uncertain ; it's hard to tell just what, from a legal staud-point, wfot you've done or what yon haven't done. Yonrs is a most embarrassing position. No layman can gness what conclusion the "law wonld reach from snch premiers. ' Suppose I go into coort and declare myeelf to be. R'cbard Creigh 1' eaid the victim of circumstances, with an effort at sarcasm. ' Do yon think Td be allowed to qualify as Richard Golden's executor 3 . Perhaps, yon say, the law wonld go to even so absurd lengths. ' f don't say that,' Barnett answered, reflectively, bnt 1 will say there s ,no telling what might happen. Anyway, there wonld be delays and delays ; yon might be held here for months before everything was straightened ont : yon wouldn't be pleased to postpone yonr trip abroad indefinitely. And there'd be a great todo, and no end of sensa tional-stories, and scandal, which wonld please none of u.' He barked -back to the old cry at every opportunity. The repetition an"-, noyed Creigh. 'What if there is talk ? he asked cuitly, 'It'll kill nobody. Personally, I want this dead-and-alive business ended right away.' .'.Naturally, my boy, naturally. Bnt yon most consider others. - Publicity will be harrowing to me, for instance, and to that woman who made the scene, .—think how it will agitate bar, — and to all yonr -friends, and- 1 he paused tor a moment to add force to faia doting argument — , to-tbe yonog lady who ia mentioned in your -will. Tbe papfcrs will surely refer to her. I barely suc ceeded before in keeping her name out of them; bnt if the case ia revived they'll show no mercy. They'll print what- they'll call pictures of both of yon; they'll — ' Mr. Bnrnett broke down ; he conld pile no Jurther terror npon the moan; tain he had thus capped." In fact, he needed to do nothing' more ; .for, in a fsw words, he had carriod bis point Creigh, -leaning npon"the desk, picked up a -pen and absently jabbed its poiat rotolhe top :«f the "iooatiy piece of fur niture. It was a gold pen, dear to -the heart of its owner, bnt the latter' made no effort to rsBcne it from destruction. He would .have cheerfully sacrificed even more valued . household gods at that moment. t. . ... " ' Well, Burnett,' the young roan said, at last, ' I guess there's some justice In the wsy yoa look et thihge. I don't quite see hqw -this publicity yon. dread no much Conld barm yon, but if there's Any danger of . causing -her annoyance, . why,1! yield,'" of conree. Eventaatly <thi8 mnddle yrill "have to be Cleared np, : but P-il-promise to tiq nothihg toMnt - it < n'ntil my retnrn from Europe. By tfaf " way, can't yon mans qnistly to gtt that confonnded will ont of conrt in the . mean timet .if yon conld, matters wonld be simplified wonderfully.' . 'Agreed!' cried Barnett, with ill- concealed satisfaction. 'I know the probate jndgp, and -no donbt he'll not object to what we want, IVe'd recover the will, and nobody will be the wiser. Don't worry on that score. Wheo do yon leave town 3' ' I've little to keep me here. There's my office, and the 'room at Mrs. Mack's , '.I gave them for yon long ago.' " About the time ydhgave me op as wellY 1 Yes, approximately,' the other con fessed. Modi.. obliged for Jon forethongh. Then I've only one errand to perform before pn departure.' '.Yon'li getaway to-nSgbtf ' Fostibly,' .raid Gre.igh, rising end picking op bis hat "At any rate, yon won't see me again.: Ill' send yon .my London address, and yon can notify me by letter of events bereabonts.' When the door Bad 'closed behind ihe departing visitor, BaniBtt picked aptbe rained pen and surveyed it with a rnefnl smile. . ' Beyond repair,' be arid, ' Well, 1 can only hope that the - gentleman's basinem will detain him a long time in England. IV. An honr later, Creigh, mounting a familiar Sight of steps, rang a bell, the knob of which cams as an old acquaint- ance to bis hand. A maid whom be haid never Been before took his card, and .brought back "word that her mistress was at home. Presently there was a rustle of skirts in the hall, a slender, black-robed figure stood in tbe door-way, and the caller, all forgetful of tbe pro gramme of digoi6ed reserve he had mapped oat lor tbe interview, sprang forward. At sight of his face she gave a gasping little cry, catching at tbe portieres for support. Then, before either realized what was happening, be was beside her, his good right arm serving to end, her need of reliance npon tbe curtains. If what tbey said was In coherent and fragmentary, each under stood the other, — which is all that can be demanded in any conversation. And In. some way, delightful at the time, bnt not dear to them afterward, it was agreed and covenanted that thereafter questions of dollars shontd never part tbem. 1 So yon believed me killed 3 he eaid, a little later, when there was opportunity for more sober discussion. ' Of conree, of course ; yon couldn't help being deceived. It was my own fanlt) all mine. Ishonld have written — ofoyes, I should ; don't try -to make excuses for me. But, somehow, I didn't think of snch a thing. Yon had said that all was over between as, yon know, and I believed yon ; and I didn't care what happened after that. Still, when I fonnd myrelf in the city again I felt that I mast see yon jnst once more. 'Sat why, dear, did yen send np Mr. Crtigh'B card 3' she queried. 'Was it to break the surprise f Ob," the card : I hadn't thought of that. It's mine now, yon know. Or rather yon don't. I'm no longer the late Roger Golden ; I'm the present Richard Grdgb. ' Let me tell yon all about it.' He gave Iter fau story, suppressing bnt one feature of it,— bis inheritance. ' I've come back,' be concluded, ' to find a nice complication : Roger Golden officially dead and tbe conrt ready to authorize Richard Creig to act nnderhis will. That is, I'm my own executor.' « What nonsense ! cried the girl. ' Perhaps its noneenee, and perhaps it's law ; and perhaps it's both. At any rate, thoogfa, I'm going to carry out ooe of the provisions. The late Mr. Golden, in bis will, directed that a certain sum should be devoted to the porebase of a certain diamoDd ring to be presented to a certain young woman. Pursuant to the .terms of tbis paragraph, - 1, as executor, have bought the ring. I have it-here.' He took a case from his pocket, and, raising the cover, revealed the babd of gold, and the gem. It now remains for me to see that it is properly de livered to its new owner. Please don't refuse it again. What! What! it's too extravagant 3 Not a bit of it. Yon hesitate ! Well, I don't Tve no option. As creditor I mutt obey orders. Come, let's try it on. The left hand, please. Ah ! there it is. Pretty, isn't it 3' 'It's a beauty ! the girl declared. ' Bnt -Roger, — yes, I shall still call yon Roger, — bow can yon afford to make Bnefa apresent 3 We shan't quarrel again, dear — ab least not about money—hut, hboestly, shouldn't you be more prudent 1 WKjr, this might meau ' ' Honae-rent for a year, eh 3 raid the yonhgman. What an idea I Of course I wasn't thinking of audi a thing.' She Unshed so charmingly that be canght her hand and bade fair to crash the ring and the finger within it. . \- I start for Europe to-morrow,' said lie, abruptly ; imperative bu sitfess.cau't delay. Don't yon think that if-ter— er — if l cdnld find a minister iu the moraragj We could catch the noon train 3' Of course she said no. Snch a pro posal wds wildly impossible, a proceed ing nnhoard-of. \- 'Novelty's a good thing,' said he. : Then she had no troUBseau. I've heard they've dressmakers in Paris.' "Then 'he outlay involved in such '» trip was an insuperable objection. ' I'll gauantre expenses.' , ; - Then "» dozen other' reasons, ell advanced as convincing and ell.jleclared worthless. Then a protest that each " a hasty marriage would set the tongnestit gossip wagging. , : p r j 1 They'll wag- just as badly i Itorry in the city,' said be.. .' I've Burnett's authority for that statement. ' As a friend, Jjgsdyiged jme .to gp jiway im-. mediately. Yonwddldnjihayeenerfject sneb counsel as his, wouid'jtjnT f? ? And, as 'it- happened, Bornett's"- reputation ina social oracle, so far -with out the flaw-' bPF' exposed fallibility, ; carried the day. .The lady -liga'n to waver, then to yleldLi -The -auitqr wtm her cbnaeBttobia j3an.. -Solthere ..was a wedding the htrt Jday!hS'rqmBte8t «f functions, tewhlchavacatibDless minis ter officiated ,803 toegufots were limited totbe -family of the? bride. As" Mr. aod Mrs. <3reigh drove -away in- the j carrisge which was'to %riir -them to the ' railway station, the wife confessed to the thing had jpsssta off Bbtf-Sadd edj almost plaintively, ' Ihilf e yoato:hsk me to jpvite Mr. iBarnett/. - You're such "chums, \- areutoa-S' - —v. . 0M6rtsitily,'«aid Creigb.promptly 5 ' weYftgjreat cronies, of coarse j .trot, on the whole, 1 guess he'd have fonud the sitastion most embarrassing,- as be puts it. He might not have approved of a "man becoming 'his own executor and marrying his own heiress, don't yon knorCt' — Lipjnncott's Magazine. 