,'ORTFOIIO. Amongst the currents in the Atlantic Ocean is the Great Gulf Stream; in parts it is sixty miles wide, and has been called a river in the teran. The waters in this stream are on the average twenty degrees higher in temperature than the surronnding waters; it preserves its waters distinct from those of the sea on either side, so that the eye can trace the line of contact. It retains its physical identity for thousands of miles, casting branches and fruits of tropical trees on the coasts of the Hebrides and of Norwav. It has an immense influecce in moderating the extreme cold of winter in this latter country and elsewhere. All around the coast where its influence is felt theatmosphere is many degrees of temperature higher than in the interior. Moreover, it prevents stagnation, and keeps one-fourth part of the waters of the Atlantic in constant motion. In many ways the Christian is like this Gulf Stream. Like the stream in the ocean, he is in the world, but yet distinct and separate. He is not corformed to it. He has a higher temperature; for thelove of God is shed abroad in his heart by the Holy Ghost. Look at great the Pattern which he is bound to follow. Christ was no ascetic. He wasin contact with the world at all points. He went into the house of Publican and of Pharisee. He mingled with men in the streets, on thesea-shore. Yet there was a holy elevation, a heavenliness, a living above the world whilst you are in the world let your spirit rise above it. Through the indwelling presence'of the Lord Jesus live a new an" heavenly life. Let your eye be upr to a Father in Heaven, and yo .ard engaged in doing His work. t hand Moreover, as the warmth r lessens the intense colilf" .fthe Strcam cliutes, so the true CI(h i north. n holy life, raises th?e , Atni .l hi . ir end truth, and it- ,i dn .ic c mclcclt is arond hir le n te i n which t.. iAll Iflthler. hir! often ton thel r" 'm ct In llri l t',llborlI Wlcce lhe dwell. i own daI- ! walk. and in the f, ,e of a godly l ,n , orderel in rfear end loave of Goat. tl hl avcnly igraces and virtues of me"a.,:,,-. f,,barance, llf-denial. gentionr<s, loV-, t atienceand the like shine fo bith, andi tctify by their fragrance of tile country flrrinll hence they derive their origin.-DR: G(rge E',cira, .hlA 