CHIPS AND LEAVES (BY SYLVANOS.) I hope the Brass Band will soon be in working order in Violet Town. All the residents should take a pride in making this town cqnal to anv of similar size in tho colony, and as we have as good -'blowing" material as any town, we should liavo a very superior band indeed, and I daresay we will, if we can only gel bold of the " brasB" in sufficient quantity. The only tlfing to sppiLthe band will be, discord among its menibors, as there are nearly -always one or two half-hearted persons in such .ventures, who'go very well till something turns up that they don't like; and Avlien they can't have tliuir way, they ^«S|»a|t the trouble they can. But I trast our Brt«s Band will be an exception, and becomo a source of pleasure to tlie district. Should tho band not be established I will get an old-fashioned hand organ and delight the townspeople with good music and the tricks of a trained monkey even if I have' to" act the monkey myself or hire one locally, A cancer specialist in Melbourne has been imprisoned for six months for causing the death of two women. It seems a ligh'• sentence for such a crime, but a man who honestly tries to cure such a frightful disease as cancer deserves a little leniency. It. is surprising in tho face of all the wonderful inventions we heaT of almost daily, that cancer is incurable. .Surely Mcdical-eeionoB i« nnt,_y_gj;_exliati8tej The specialist iu question acted with the great-, est possible ignorance, and hence lie got into tronble. A great ninny people have an idea that doctors kill people through ignorance but they are skilful enough to make out that 't was a certain disease; or if they had had the case sooner it would have been alright. But on a subject like this I make few remarks ns 1 might soon lnve to go to a doctor myself. My cranky mate says the specialist got too severe a sentence. He only ,killed two women ; if he had killed two men the case would bo far different I alwnvs thougnt Strathhogie was a eoit of earthly Paradise, where the people are happy and contented. It is a wonderful fruit growing ^strict, produces oats and butter, and hai a most genial and healthful climate. Its claims for a railway are' most substantial, its scenery most heautiful its girls mast charming, its young men most 6ober and industrious, but it _ lias a bogie—a real bogie so it is rightly named. Your Strathhogie correspondent says they have u cemetery but tho residents do not care for it. Now tliere.is something wrong with tho people when iliey don't'like their quiet peaceful cemetery ; or is it the cemetery's fault? Is it haunted by some midnight ghosts that make the sober Strathbogieite's hair stand on end, and then they fly away to more distant gr.iveyards ? I n«ver saw the cemetery yet where the residents, hud any groat fondness for it. As for myself, it is tho hist place un earth I would think of going to. 