SIR HENRY PARKES The iron . constitution, built up, har dened, -tempered, and tried through more than fourscore years of laborious life' has broken down at length, and it comes to those who keep the record of the times to write the obituary of the. man whose aotive life they have watched so long. Sir Henry Parkes has' , outlived' all his oompeors— not one remains now of that gallant ring who stood together when the curse of 'conviotisra was driven back from our shores,. and very few of those, who aided Went worth in the framing of the constitution under which we live. A now world has arisen sin'ce . the lost, leader first asserted himself in Australian masters, -and it is . but in accord ance with both the fitness and the' natural sequence of things that men of another generation should stand in the place of authority and control. Yet it cannot be said that Sir Henry Parkes outlived his time, or was compelled to endure more than is .the inevitable lot of mortality, or the lapsing of brain power coincident with the decay of physical strength. Every little episode which has passed even from his sick chamber to the outer world has testified t-o clearness of intellect and that heroic cheerfulness with which men of noble mind have ever, gone down to the last encounter. He died as a patriarch should, gathering his feet up into the bed, and yielding the ghost without moan or sigh. His works will outlive him. The memory of those works can never, in deed, pass while an Australian nation exists, and a reasonable .. senti ment of gratitude, and recognition of a heritage provided and liberties bequeathed, survives amongst its con trolling sentiments. The beginnings of Sir Henry's life in Australia were ia strenuous labour! He was bred to toil. He saw no chance of carving out his own fortunes but by toil. He sought no patronage, craved no assist ance. Nature had provided him with the sound mind in the sound body, and therewith ho was both content and confident. Looking back over the years that havo passed it seems to men of this generation that ho must have entered Parliament as an ex ceedingly young man. But the record instructs us that- he was within one year of forty before ho first obtained ii seat in Parliament. Prior to that he had passed from the craft in which he was -bred to journalism. He had - be come the leading spirit, if not the mainspring, of a powerful daily paper, he had won a place in the inner councils of men of . mature age,' thorough education, and self-sacrificing patriotism. It was no untried steel lie brought to the ranks; no barren mind, or experimental proposals or policies' of theory. He wus grounded : in a- Miltonic love of liberty, in a Carlylean hatred of sham, and he was with . the leading spirits of his time in the , larger sphere of imperial politics as to 'the ; riaciples of 'government, which were then deemed best. This fact requires to be carefully remembered in connection with that 'unchanging adherence to. every principle of Oobdenism which characterised; Sir Henry Parkes as several British statesmen of note even to the laBt. ' He did not recognise the changes which had boen wrought by improved means of communica tion, by the growth and develop ment . of rival powers, and the sacrifice — sure result of Gobdou- ism worked out — of agriculture to manufacture and commerce. Tho bitter cry of the Epgland of to-day had no significance for him. He had in the thirties heard strong men, haggard women and famished childrou clamouring and wailing for bread, and that chord of anguish was -for ever sounding through his mind. It oyer bore all else, and he failed, as other and perhaps greater men have failed, to perceive that the means proposed under the Cobden creed failed utterly to pro vide any adequate relief. All this, however, we can just now pass lightly by, for it is more agreeable and also more just tp enlarge on those matters in which he stood our faithful friend and ally, than ' to deal in any way with those in which be appeared as a stal wart and always honourable foe. Sir John Robertbon, challenged as to .'the. reason of . his differences wit-h ir' - Henry, growled out, in tho fulness of wrath and contempt, ('-Differences, you know all about dif ferences; but can you tell mo of ono instance where the liberties or the rights of this colony were at stake, and Sir Henry Parkes and I myself were not standing Bide by side." And still that question remains unanswered, for it admits of no answer. From the beginning to the close of his poli tical career Sir Henry was imbued with the fullest sense and love of liberty and individual and collective right. But no crackbrnined liberty, no scattorbrain sooialism or fads and follies of levellers and anarchists. His idea of liberty was such as that Milton voiced in his " Areopagitice " and Tennyson in his most majestio verse, Liberty enshrined in patriotism and secured by law, liberty in whioh every man should enjoy all the fruits of his own efforts and stand free to utter every loyal sentiment of a worthy mind. Liberty in which education, the mental atmosphere, should be free as tho nir wo breathe ; liberty in which justice should be neitlior bought nor sold, and in whioh every form of religion should be compelled to stand upright and alono as beseems the rock foundation by each claimed. How firmly he stood on suoh principles as those, how nobly he j achieved, and - also how frequently he foiled, the history of the colony will tell. In the fiont of- that history indeed he might '.with even ' a fuller justification than John Dunmorb Lang have, written the .bold quorum qxirs magna fui ; 'for, though it ;is idle to say that withoiit hiju -this' ot, that had not .heeh,;,-;iF is :faut; simple truth to admit that in all liberal and ipatriotio political, accomplishment he has been prominent and influential, as uncompromising and bold. We'ehnli expeot,. of course, as ever happens when' -the - lion dies, to hear some whelps of the pack give tongue in depreciatioii, and possibly contemptuous reforeuee, but tlioy will- find no sympathy with the worthy- humanity of the coljonyj . Ali men of grit and grasp, of accurate knowledge of national affairs/ And of.; honest and kindly sympathy, wiil feel that a great and good man has gono, not the lest to be mourned because iu tho fulness of age and at -the close, of a life whose constant motto- was: "labour." In the flush and pride of youth he came to an Australia which he, with noble compeerB, determined' should be en- do wed with all the possibilities ot fullest liberties' and "purest, noble3 life.. Tnis intent he saw accomplished,1, even before the autumn of his age, and then there aroso another great idea un happily still unfulfilled. The master passion of all his ' later ' years - was to bring about a broad-based Australian federation.' He dies with out witnessing fulfilment of his desire and plank; but yet, when in the future the glorious work is consummated, it is scarce necessary to express hope chat the first name honoured in the great celebration will be that oi the statesman whose 'death gto-day Australia mourns. , 