Life In Johannesburg. LETTER FROM A SYDNEY ? MECHANIC. Mr. George E. Wullis, of Purest Lodqe, lias received a letter, from which tlio follow ing are extracts, from a friend who has settled in Johannesburg. He iwrites from the standpoint of one who has visited that city in quest of profitable employment, and his letter will therefore lie of interest to the many who are nnxious to visit Johannesburg for a similar purpose. The writer says :-r ' February 23 Work is by no means plentiful, nnd the bosses nre reducing the wages, I was out three days after finishing ono job. At one job I applied at I was offered £4, which I refused of course ; and I hear that on tho same job men are working for £3. (Germans, of course.) I urn now only getting £4 10s, which is the lowest I mean to take. Of course it was just my luck to start a day before the explosion. I could easily have got 25s a day glazing, for a week nt all events, but I didn't like turning it up, ns the boss is a decent fellow. £4 10s a week is the regular thing for what are called good painters here. I find it is a fluke to get more, except it is on a mine, where they work 10 hours a day. ' This explosion (of which more anon) has made the building trado look up a bit, of course, as over 500 houses of one sort or another will have to be rebuilt ; but they are mostly verv small shanties, occupied by Hindoos, Syrians, Jews, Kaffirs, and every imaginable variety of colored races (and Dutchmen !). ' There is a pretty full account of Iho explo sion in the paper I send you, but the descriptions given quite fail to give a proper conception or appreciatior. of the catastrophe, I went out yesterday afternoon, and spent about two hours on tho spot and vicinity, and also went to the bottom of the big bole excavated by the dynamite, which looks like a dry dock in process of construction. Small bits of steel rails and steel sleepers lie around crumpled up and torn like bits of brown paper, As to where the woodwork and most of the ironwork of the trncks is, it would be impossible to say. Every house within 500 yards is completely and utterly destroyed. Literally not one stick is left 'upon another, nor in the mass of fragments is it easy to tell whether any furniture was inside, the mangled remains of iron bedsteads, twisted and torn to pieces, being about the most frequent articles to meet the eye. I noticed a good-sized clockcase, quite uninjured except for the door being missing, but the works had disappeared with the sole exception of the wire on which the hours are struck, and this was straightened out ; also a piano, the key-board of which was blown through to the back, so as to face the back instead of the front. How that was done would puzzle old Solomon, I think. Further away the houses are only pushed down, roots on, doors disap peared, and generally wrecked, so as to require pulling down (and a great many won't need much pulling, either !), and for two miles round windows were broken in , every direction. ' Most of the shops in the business part of the town had many of their plateglass windows smashed up. A shop as big as Hordens', in Pitt-street, had every window broken, and tor a length equal to, say, from Hunter-street to Liverpool-street, hardly a single house or shop escaped in the principal streets, and you must remember the neirest part of them was at least a mile from the scene of the explosion. ' March 1. — Everything here !b still dear, although much better than when I first arrived ; the 1 Jib. loaf is still' 6d, which, it appears, is the usual price ; only it now really weighs 1 J-tb., but when we arrived, and for a month after, it did not weigh lib. Biscuits are is 6d per lb., sugar 4d, butter 2s Gd, if you want to eat it, tea 2s to 3s, coffee (bad) 2s, meat 9d, flour wholesale, 28s 1001b. bag. It is tho double duties and the heavy railway charges whioh make things so dear, and the Netherlands Rail way Compauy, which owns the railways in the Transvaal, tries its best to handicap all British goods and firms by purposely delay ing goods in transit, and in this it is gener ally believed they have the secret approval of the Boer Government (Kruger and Co.). How this company will get out of their liability for the recent explosion remains to be seen, for if the laws relating to the. car- riage of explosives had been observed it could not have happened. But the company nnu dn rr it likes with little fear of results. Fancy, 56 tons of dynamite standing three whole days out in the blazing sun, and, altogether, in a thickly peopled locality ! The law says that it must not be allowed to stay at any station at all. If the consignee is not there to take it away at onoe, it must be removed to someplace four miles from any station or houses, The company has given £10,000 to the relief fund (no doubt to dis arm public resentment). The wealthy men here are certainly very free with their money. The same evening of the explosion £43,000 was subscribed ; there were five donations of £5000 each, one of £4000, and the rest in £1000. £500: it now amounts to over £105,000, and Her Mriestj has telegraphed (at the public expense) her ' sympathy.' ' Most of the Germans who were in the Nineveh have joined the ' Zarps,' as the local police arB called. ' 1 am ' down on ' the tho Germans now ; they have free entry into all the British colonies, and have just the same rights as an Englishman, and the- first opportunity they get they do their best to injure England. Of course no Britisher has the ghost of a show of employment in any form under tho Boer Government. Since I've been here I have come to the conclusion that the sooner this country is annexed by Great Britain the better it will be for every one, the Boers included They are so ignorant and out of touch with the world. All their ideas belong to the last century, and their strongest feeling is that of hatred, mixed with fear, of England, although many of them believe that they could whip England if they went to war with hor ! Still they have a lurking fear that they would come to grief in the struggle. You mu9t remember that men, womoD, and children don't exceed 100,000, and you will have some idea of their incredible stupidity and conceit. 'As a sample of their 'management,' take the Post-office here; There is no deliv ery at all 1 Everyone hus to go and get their letters at the pobt- office, which is a small place, about the same size as the Paddington one or William-street, and this for a town of at least 100,000 inhabitants. You may imagine what it is like whenever an English or Australian mail is delivered ; there are only two clerks to attend to a crowd of several hundreds, most of whom have to wait in the street. It is at least a week before many have a chance to get-their letters. At the newspaper counter there is only one clerk, and ho dumps down nil the papers under a letter, such as N, for instance, in my case, and leaves one to take what ho likes out of them. And of course many are not too particular, I heard one man say to another, 'Well, I'm going to take tho first Bulletin or | Australasian I come across,' and the other only laughed. The money order and the savings bank departments have only one clcrk each, and when you remember that nine-tenths of ill the revenue of the country is raised from the Raiid and Johannesburg, and is spent in Pretoria, and in buying arms and ammunition in Germany for the purpose of keeping it in subjection, instead of in the place of necessary work, such as sanitary arrangements and water supply, ctc., you get seme faint idea of the spirit which animates them (the Boers). 'The sanitary Arrangements here nre simply abominable, and quits account for the prevalence of typhus lever and small pox. The or-ly thing to wonder at is that both diseasos are not much worse. The hospital was quite full, and could, if they had room, have 100 more, ult fever patients, and all whites. The blacks are made to lie outside in tents. This was before the explosion. 'To give you some idea of Ihe rents here in the better parts of the town . The house I am working in has nine rooms and a kitchen, and bathroom, and pantry, also stables, and tho rent is £34 a month. A four roomed cottage is not considered dear at £10 a month, and a furnished Bingle room can hardly be had under £1 a weok! The mines here are quite 'different to whdt I imagined them to be, and in general ap pearance more resemble a large park than anything else; for, except just where the shafts and engine houses are, the country is like meadow lands. Here and there are dotted the houses of the managers, some of them very pretty, and surrounded with a grove of gum trees and wattles. There is also quite a village of low, long buildings for the workmen, niggers, etc. Many of the mines employ over 1000 niggers ('boys,' as they call them here), and altogether about 35,000 are employed on the Rand. But at a distance the whole of the ground occupied by the mines certainly looks like a park, as the numerous plantations of trees, and the slightly undulating ground stretching away as far. as the eye can see, have a pleasant effect. ' Considering that nine years ago there was not a single tree of any kind on the veldt, and that now Johannesburg is by far the best planted town I have ever been in, you will see tuat in some respeots at least good work has been done here. Tho bad parts are the stroots. They are either not made at all, or very badly done, and not lighted at ail, except in tho very centre of the city. It is positively horrid to go out alter dark in wet weather. One is sure to plunge into numerous puddles and small rivers, as it is as dark as pitch here. I never saw it so dark anywhere before ; and when not raining the streets are from three to six or eight inches deep with dust, whioh is worse than a sandy sea beach to walk through, aud which a high wind sweeps up in dense clouds, in appearance just like a yellow London fog at its worst. 'March 8th. — I see that 300 were ou board the boat which brought the mails. I don't know what they are all going to do. I hear that over 50 of the ' Ninevites ' have gone back. 1 snoulu strongly advise people not to come here at present, and until this trouble is all settled. Thor^ are very few fresh buildings starting. One architect, who had over £30,000 worth of work ready to start prior to the crisis, has had £25,0QC of it cancelled by the elients who employed him, and many others in like proportion. The works caused by the explosion will not last long, and will be mainly for carpenters, and done as cheaply as possible. No one but tradesmen should come hero at all. Wages are very low in clerical or shop lines, and niggers do all laboring work, and are also chambermaids ! and nurses, aud everything else, except mechanics,' 