MISCELLANY. A Horse that Nevek Holts.—A clothes horse. HEVOM) 1 'HAWING BY ANY DENTIST.—'The tftlli of a gale. "Paim. v.-11v do i hey call language the 'nmilier longm- '' " " !ecause the father so seldom pels fi chamv to u>e it "Is Mis* ' ulioots in?" inquired the caller. "That d.I- "ii ton. Are yer Mielhcr Jones?" said Erideet. "nf.' - ishe'p gon" out." "Let's go shopping today, Teas." "I ran'i. He*-: IN--lo.s of tilings to Buy to day. I've nothing t "I ' i" morrow ; I'll ico thin." "tViiYiioi-a Whtmperh'y want a divorce? Hi« wife h .>i -i great ileal of money when lie mirried her." " Ai.ii *iie lius it yet. That's the whole trouble." " Pin I hear that your mule was struck by lightning. P.;■!." Van, nah. Pali was a powahtul hill Ini ib 11: i,i- right aloud his ©aliii.* " Ihd it kill him, eah ; hut ,1t done • broke uj> de ttoill " ' '* J t Miss K iinn k — " KUiel can't be after inn:,p\\. si., ibroken fcerjSnea<re#j>riit wuh flmt. seallhv i ■ i: in." Miss Fosdiok-'i^ton't he too. tore. Slip; :,i I iiim for a Rial).who owns' a hieyctrf-, rtpairitig 'liop " , , The loHiiwing colloquy frfts lteard in a Knrili 1.in Inn n nn liet ween two.ijtOpk Kuchamre' Jihher* » In'- al. inter ilia, in cycle abftfe>y '' life's »lnng aiti b in the'Standaid' on the Pfipifi jZii ctelic.il." " r .|ii''» Kiicyelunl ! What's the capital ? Uit tuhpp. or Iue*, or wtiat ?" Gladys " That young man looked at you very hard Dm mi know-him ?" Polly—"I think I have pe n Inn colore, hut I really can't reineinher whether li- ».i« the gentleman who saved my life from (frown or merely one of those to whom 1 »as engage-' " .hsTii K i. awmyn summed up onoe in the ca*e of in-, uh,i was charged witii mealing a pig. Tiienilpi, ,,[ t)1(. iheft, was quite conclusive, and m fact w». : ■ ■ combated; but the prisoner called the |iiip.|. .it: i neiglilioiirs to attest to his good char acter. "Ui : leineii of the jury," said the judge, " I think the only conclusion you can arrive at is that the pig u-as stolen by the prisoner, and that he is the Most amiable man in the country." She—" What are they nil coming in for !" He—" They are dissatisfied with the umpire's deci sion." She—" Oh ! Are they going to bolt r—Puck. Archdeacon Sinclair tells a story of an Eton head master, known as " Flogging Keate." Finding one morning a row of boys in his atudv, he began, as usual, to fing them. They were too terrified at the awful little man to remonstrate till he had gone half-way down the row, when one plucked up courage to falter out, •• FVeXt, sirviw're nofup'for punishment—we're a-confirmation otjis !" " J^fver mind," said Dr. Keate, " liltftbt he Mr all r6ypd, an 1 it will do you good." SiiJ^iiniKhed'ihem lot " It's bad enough for msJHbogo out almost every night in the week," saidJX^-Meelston, in dignantly. " There's a good deal jrottjgswyio*," iier husband replied; "everybody is d«AH4ng^ptiblio questions now, and I hate to miss any olftr" "But what makes men stay out till 1 or t o'clock in the morning!" "Henrietta, do you want me to tellymi the cold, solid truth !" " Yes." " Well, a good many'of us don't do anything between half-past 10 p.m. and half-past 1 p.m. but sit up and worry what we're going- to say to our wives when we get home." ";Why, Jimmie,"said the gracious hostess, " you have taken half a pie on your plate." " YetTm. Mamma said I mus'n't have but oae piece when 1 was visitin'." It is a mistake to think that women are less intellectual than men. The brain that can compre hend and carry the fancy work directions given in the fashion paper is 'surely equal to any question of state, no matter how momentous it may be. Me. Bennett's Queer Memory.—.Tames Gordon Bennett, of the "New York Herald," has a strange and erratic memory, according to the San Francisco " Wave." One day. having bought a number of new shirts, he ordered them to be sen immediately to the offioe. The parcel duly arrived, and remained there for over a year, Mr. Bennett, meantime, never putting in an appearance. Suddenly, without any notice, he rushed in one morning, evi dently in a state of great perturbation. The staff concluded they w ere all to be discharged on the spot. Mr. Bennett excitedly asked, "Have those confounded fellows sent my shirts along?' He never even alluded to t he lapse of time which had occurred since bis last visit. Mrs. Flatts—" How many children have that family across the hall, Tommy?' Tommv—"Six, Two boys, an' two girls, an' two babies." Bingo—I think I will take a trip to Nia gara next week. Every American ought, to see it." Witherby—" Haven't you been there T" Bingo—" Yes, on my honeymoon." A xnui. Georgia preacher, finding the weather too warm, pulled off hi* coat and preached in his shirt sleeves. After the sermon a good brother, thinking an editor who was present would make a sensation of the incident, said to the parson : — ■'I don't suppose you know, when you pulled off your coat to-day, thai one of them new spaper fellers was in the meetinc?" "Yes," I did." replied the proacher; "but 1 had my eye on it ail the time." Warning from the Other Side.—Scpne— American Court of Justice. The Judge—" Which is the plaintiff in this case?" The Plaintiff—" I am the plaintiff, your honour." The Judge—" 1 thought the wile was the plaintiff." The Plaintiff—" I am the wife, your Jiunonr." The Judge—" The dickenB you are!"- The —"J trust your honour enier tainsho prejinKc&Ogainst; the habiliments of the new womatf^' The VujjipB—" I! Certainly not. At the Byrne time! feel w Any duly to inform you that you don't staii<£the ghost/>f a show with this jury I" The Plaintiff—" -drjiy iioty. The Judge—" Because they ate'all marriwf men.*1 ■ Shrill Voice from the Jury You're off, judge. Four of us are married uoni't^f yy . ,» A ^scplrtTjfo, itlnckamith of Roxburgh shire" was faHRRf for his success in stalking wild geese. One day Lord Wemyss went to see the per formance. The smith produced on old. rusty, bell muzzled gun, six feel long in the barrel, into w-hieh he poured a handful of powder, ramming it down with a thick wad of brown paper, hitting it as hard as if it were a red-hot nail. This done, he dived into a promiscuous heap of ash -s, fragments ol old iron, and iieadB of nails, and having dropped these in upon the powder, and rammed them in "with a wad of brown paper, the smith felt a match for any Hook of geese. " Come on, mv lord," hs then oried ; "there's a flock ol geese on the w ilds, and 111 show you hot* I deals with 'em." Parting company, Lord took the higher ground to watch the sequel, ubue the smith, crawling within an easy distance of too geese, composed himself for a shot when about fO yards off. After aiming for about 10 niinu'us an enormous report resouuded through the air, when "a volume of dense smoke arose simultaneously with tha oonfused geese, whose cackling* were of thesuost terrific kind, while one or two <8\. the floe* wQtjtlew fluttering on the ground." fhaiteff _*WglJ'WjP*. quQiices, thftt thfeftuQ bud buf6t% hastened to the spot. The ainith was to *■*" Boon oonsciouoness returned, and, Myw gun and eveing It with intense ntttfpfcf "Well, uiy lord, aoo Uoubt she's prrttywMy e traction to the fowl, but she's used mo won - lime. It mostly takes 20 minutes gude afore 1000*00 to myself after letting her off ; but I alwayagots*y gusol" 