ZTIIEirUBIL : HAGING NOTES. [By Mkntor.1 The committee of the Adelaide Racing Club have reason to be well satisfied with the results of their first day's racing iu tho new season— tho anaugnral events of the Grand .National meeting Slaving attracted a better attendance than _ ou -auy preceding day for their -Spring -totalizator, uud ? punters generally must bavo had a pretty fair .time. The racing was very tgood -throughout and furnished a satisfactory ' afternoon's sport Mr. Haioies once more turned up with a surprise, scoring in the Welter Handicap with lluree, .having won the same race with the same horse three years pre viously, after which time this horse went off, and lus owner has been working steadily with him without scoring a bracket evei since. As the handicapper honored him with arise of 25 lb. in the .(Selling Race to-day Mr, Haimes decided not to accept with him oa Thursday. Under tlie conditions -of the Selling Race Mr. . Haimes -could start with 4 lb. more than he won the Welter Handicap with, but has con sidered it wiser not to do no. Nackara was in the unenviable position of running second and Staifa continued his place career, but had the better luck later on to gain a win ning bracket in the Lightning Handicap. In the Grand National Hurdio Race Conven tioner continued his winning career and won pretty comfortably. The heavy weight told on Black Flag, the favorite, but the stanch yet unlucky Floodbird could only get into second position. This was a double disappointment to his rid«r Barr, who thought he bad the race won at the pickets, as he had passed Conven tioncr about half a mile from home, and he was greatly surprised to find him sailing past him with a wet sail at the finish. Nalpa ran well for a couple of miles, but that was not the finishing pout Considering tho .nature of the going the time was very good. The Fulham I'ark PJate was a good thing for the winner, who seems more forward than any of the other youngsters at present, but later in the season we may exjject to see the tables turned on Security. This colt is the property of Mr. H. Barnard, son of the once owner of Totalizator , ifciJU Ufclti;* UU13CO, UUIUg lib UllC 41UIG tUC principal patron of tho St. Leonard's stable. Tiie friends of the young owner hope that his good luck will stick to him. Many people thought that Mr. H. Young would score with My Novel in the Lightning Handicap, but the rider oi Staffa (T. Rogers) had the good luck to find an opening next the rails, and this really gave him tho judge's verdict. The victory of Young Lucifer in the Selling Steepleehivse proves this horse to be a bit better than he was generally supposed to be. He seems to take kindly to the jumping business with his trainer Hopwood in the .saddle, but the extra mile on Saturday and different com pany will test whether ho has any weak points. The favorite, Rorke's Drift, performed / in differently, but no doubt the weight was the cause of it, and he has since been with drawn from the National Steeple on Satur day. The Buxton Handicap gavo Port Admiral the opportunity of retiring from the turf with flying honors, and of carrying to the front young Mr. W. A. Bladder's colors for the first rime in his own racing career. He lias adopted the well-known blue-aud-white livery of his father, and which no doubt will continue to be as popular as before. Tc-day will witness the conclusion of the meeting, with six events on tbe card, the first race starting at half-past 1. The programme opnns with the Auction Han dicap, six furlongs, in which 11 horses have accepted. Cigarette is at ths head of affairs with 8 st. 7 lb., Do la Volta 2 lb. less. Doubloon 7 st. 11 lb., Electric 7 st. 5 lb., First Master 7 st. 4 lb., The Mede 7 st. 3 lu., CJy temriestra 7 st. 2 lb., Wahine 7 st., Miola 6 st. 12 lb., and Holly 6 st. 7 lb. On his run ning in the Lightning Handicap on Saturday DOUBLOON should be dangerous in this event, and Cigarette aud Electiuc may fill the places, unless First Master may lie sent for this instead of the last race of the day. The Skcosd Huudle Race, two lmlea, follows with 13 acceptors, Conventioner being' at the head of affairs with 11 st. 12 lb., a rise of 15 lb. for his Grand National win. Flood bird, 10 st. 13 lb., has been risen G lb. Nalpa, 10 st. 3 lb., has 3 lb. of a rise. The Golden King and The Goose have gone up 1 lb. each, and Gaillardia and Wirrawa have descended a pound each. Bombastic is on the same mark. Gipsy Queen is in with 9 st. 7 lb., and was a non-starter last Saturday. At Tattersall's meeting Couventioner won with 9 st. 12 lb., Gaillardia eecond with 9 st. 2 lb., and Gipsy Queen third with t) st. 7 lb., the distance being a mile and three-quarters. Conventioner now carries 2S lb. more, than he -lid then, Gaiilardia 7 lb., and Gipsy Queen has the same weight, which thould give bath these horses a chance. We think the places on this occasion will be filled by CONVEN TIONER, Gaillakuia, and Gipsy Qukkn, with Nalpa in c-Ioec attendance. The Mayoii's Milk follows, with 15 candi dates. Foliage heads the list wiYh 9 st. 12 lb., being a vine of 4 lb. for third place hi the Buxton Handicap. Rirkby, 9 st. 7 lb., haa gone up 5 lb. for hiB second position in the same race. Staifa, 8 st. 4 ib., won the Light ning Handicap with 7 st 7 lb. after running third in tlie Welter with 8 st. 11 lb. Nosnadic, 8 st. 2 lb., was unplaced with 8 at. 7 lb. in the Lightning Handicap. Pitchery, 7 6t. 13 lb., was unplaced in the Welter with 9 st. 7 lb., and will be favored with the present variation. Trout is on the same mark, 7 lb. 9 lb., whilst) Viking has gone up 2 lb. Of the lighter weights nothing stands out on recent running, and we therefore award the places to QUTXN'S BEST, Viking, aud Staffa. Th« Dequettevillk Staius, half a mile, is the next event on the list, with eight acceptors. There is nothing that we can soe to prevent) SECURITY winning ag.-iiu, with the places uncu as tuey were m tim x'unuuii jraric x*iai,e. The Gbaxd National Steeplechase, of three miles, follows. Since tbe final accep tances two more have dropped out, namely, Rorke's Drift and Havelocic. Sixteen have cried content, aud this will be a good field if they all face the starter. The probable riders and starters are : — Horse st. lb. Rider. Black Fins .. .. J2 7 H. Howie B.;i) jo ? 11 1U S. Ferry All Fours ,. ..II 2 J. McGowan Cataract ,. .. 10 7 J. Williamson . H'oodflekl .. ..30 7 J. Tivcedsc Juliet ? 10 5 W. Lee Tainlalo .. ..10 3 M.Burns The Ghost .. ..10 2 H. Holmes Doric ? 10 0 Bushell 'Confidence .. .. 9 12 C.flughef Simple Jim .. .. 9 10 Harper Bombastic .... 9 6 — Young Lucifer .. 9 3 H. Hopwood ltepitition .. .. 9 0 P. Devener Sir George .. .. 9 0 H. Hiscutt Fishwife .. .. 9 0 J. Ljall La8t year there were eleven runners in this Tace, when Tbe Actress won with 12 st. 12 lb. from Doric, 9 st. 6 lb., and Sneaker, 10 st. '8 lb. On this occasion Black Flag is at tbe head of affairs with 12 st. 7 lb. He ran into third place with 4 lb. less in the Hurdle Race, and if he takes kindly to tbe big jumps his chance must be respected, as he jumped a couple of them very well on Wed nesday afternoon. Banjo comes next, and if he leaves the post as well as when he raced at Caul field recently be n,ust have a say in it. There, is reason to believe, however, that a leg has filled since he returned home, and if there should be no rain he would feel the effects of the hard ground. All Fours has done a steady preparation, but her Btipportere are not bo sanguine as they would like to be of her seeing the end of the journey with success. Cataract, who is carrying the same weight as Woodfield, should be again defeated by the latter. Juliet has done a really good prepara tion, and if tbe extra amount of jumping does not affect her she is expected to run into a position. Taradale was beaten by Woodfield ?at nearly the same weights as now. The Ghost is an unknown quantity here, but ?at Broken Hill he ran second in a hurdle race with 10 st. 13 lb. in April last. On May C at the same place he ?won the Hurdles with 10 st. 10 lb., the other two stai-ters falling. He previously won a hurdle race with 10 st. 5 lb., and a Consolation Flat Race. He is reported to have won over : big jumps in the Wilcannia district, but we ' can find no record of such a performance. He has not done any jumping since he has been -Jown here, and only a moderate amount of work on the track. Doric beat Juliet recently ' at Port Augusta, but we have reason to believe he is not very well just now. Of the others, Young Lucifer and Repetition appears to be the most dangerous. On paper it appears as though BANJO or ALL FOURS should win, with Black Flag and Young JLucifeu for the places. The Cokpobation Stakes, of five furlongs, -winds up the bill. There aro 21 left in this event, and previous running may point to the ?winner, but to fill the positions we give MARRYATVILLE, ALVEARY, and My SHOVEL. Within a month past it will be remembered that the Victorian papers were full of the praises of the jockey Smith for remounting the ? jumper Gal way after the horse fell and scoring ? a win in the steeplechase at Caulfield. The sum of £200 was subscribed and presented to Smith for this performance, which was said to be unprecedented in the annals of racing in the colonies. A correspondent reminds us that there is yet living at Parkside an old-time jockey named Prest, who in the year 1854 won a steeplechase of three miles on Blackboy near the Half-way House on the Port Adelaide Toad. There was a field of 13 starters. While waiting for the start a very heavy storm of rain fell, and when it cleared off both horses and riders were thoroughly soaked. However, they were dispatched on their journey, and had to jump the double on the Port-road four times, besides many other obstacles. After jumping the first double the breastplate on Prest's mount broke, and he had to hold it in his band. On coming to the inob lctuuu UU.V uuti iiuui UU1UU liu WitO icttUlUtT. the late Mr. Filgrato on Lottery being close up to him. On jumping this fence Prest let the breastplate slip out of his hand, and the horse baulking trod on it and turned a complete Bomersault, breaking his rider's collarbone. The rider and the horse got on their feet together. Prest remounted with his left arm hanging useless by his side and started after Lottery, who by this time had got halfway to the last fence, but riding Blackboy with great determi nation Prest caught Lottery and was first over the last fence, winning the race amidst the greatest ovation ever given to a rider. The local band followed him round the course playing 'The conquering hero comes' until he was helped from his horse fainting with pain. This feat is described as one of the best on record, as not one in fifty riders would have reached his saddle again after his fall. Amongst other events Sir. Prest won were a hack steeplechase in 1850 on Cydnus, in 1851 the Grand National Steeplechase on the same horse, where the Parkside Asylum is now built. He won across country at Thebar ton, and again twice afterwards' at the same place. Ho won at the Horseshoe on War eagle ; at Gambiertown the Steeplechase on J. Coppin's Emerald from Hon. J. Baker's Ablel kader and W. Filgate'sFidget. He won a match at Dry Creek, three miles, on Emerald, and at the Horseshoe the Cup on the same horse. He carried off a match near Goodwood with Syntax, three miles. Won the Adelaide Hurdles on Dick . Turpin, and then went away to the Victorian goldfields in 1851. In 1854 he rode at Wpodville and broke his collarbone. Afterwards won with Blackboy, then went north, and returned in 1800, when he won the Willaston Steeplechase on Baron. At Kadina won the Steeple with Luenara ; also won at Stirling East and Port Augusta with the same horse. He scored a victory at Clare on old Shamrock, and a mile match on the fiat with the same horse the same day. Won the Steeple at theBurraon Lorenzo, and trained The Monk for vari' us victoriessin Victoria. Mr. Prest also owned and trained rode Cupbearer, and won the Town Plate and Publicans Purse in Ade laide eight years in succession. This veteran of the saddle is still in good health, although nearly 85 years of age. The vacancy in Patterson's stable caused by the death of Radiant will be filled by the lattcr's owner, Mr. R. T. Melrose giving Pat ter-on another jumper to train, nanielv, The Star, by Robin Hood, but whose qualifications hitherto have not shown him to be anything like so promising as the deceased hurdleracer. The victory of Staffa in the Lightning Handicap on Saturday gees to the credit of Fred Bailey, who is now training on his own account and has had charge of the son of My Lord — Iona since he changed hands about a month ago. BaiJev has a place on the Plvmnton road, and the reputation of beiug a steady and careful man. The rule that has obtained in some of our local clubs of the committee electing their own nominee to fill a special vacancy amongst their body is to be contested by Mr. R, A. Moles vortii at the next meeting of the V. A.T.C. In support of the motion of which he has given notice Mr. Molesworth'B view- is that in filling these vacancies coinmitteemen are liable to be placed in an invidious position, as by appoint ing the unsuccessful candidate amongst the fceaten division at the previous annual election they necessarily elect one whom the members' have rejected, while they must displease all who voted for him if they select any other. As it may not, however, be either necessary or advisable to fill such a vacancy until the following annual meeting it is Mr. Moles worth's intention to copy the existing A.J.C. rule by proposing that members 'may,' instead of 'shall' do so, which if carried will not make a special ballot for one seat compulsory. Word has been received from England that shooting men at homo have a great opinion of the Australian pigeon shot, Mr. D. Macintosh, whose success against the best men of America, England, and the Continent has been reported by cable. A member of the Gun Club offered to back him against M. Ginot, the crack French shot, or any other amateur in the world for £500 aside. Oh his first arrival in England Mr. Macintosh, who is an Australian native, and under 30 years of age, was placed on the29-yards mark in handi caps, but according to latest advices he was shooting from the 31|-yards mark. He shoots with a Greener gun. There will be some big shooting at Oldsize-Sarajevo at the end of the month, one of the events arranged being worth 25,000 francs, besides works of art. The Australian will no doubt try his luck there. The largest grey wolf killed by dogs, eo far as yet heard of, was taken at the Cave hills, Wyoming. The animal measured 5 ft. 8 in. from the point of his nose to the root of his tail, and stood 34 in. high. From the point of his nose to the top of his head was 12 in., and his hide and head alone weighed 20 lb. Three old dogs and two pupB attacked the wolf, and the fight lasted half an hour. The following is a list of the winners at the settling over the recent Coolgardie races : — Mr. C. C. Northmorc, first in the Goldfields Handicap, fiistin theCoolgardieCup, first in the Selling Race, and first in the Flying Handicap, received £498 ; Mr. P. Bolger, first in the First Hurdles and third in the Second Hurdles, got £155 ; Mr. A. P. Turnbull, first in the Second Hurdle Race, £70 ; Mr. A. Court, second in the Flying Handicap, second in the Ladies' Bracelet, and second in the Trial Stakes, £25 ; Mr. G. Kirby, third in the Goldfields Handi cap and second in the Coolgardie Cup, £45; Mr. T. West, second in Gold fields Handicap, third in tbe Cup, and first in the Forced Handicap, £80 ; Mr. W. B. Woods, first in the Ladies' Bracelet, £25 and a gold bracelet worth £20; Mr.E. G. S. Hare, second in the Forced Handicap, £7 ; Mr. T. F. Elliott, third in the First Hurdles, £10 ; Mr. H. J. Saunders, M.L.C., first in the Trial Stakes, £60 ; Mr. J. H. Smith, third in the Trial Stakes, £5 ; Mr. R. McLean, first in the Disposal Stakes, £35 ; and Mr. A. J. Potter, third in the Flying Stakes, £3. Total, £1,035. Tne secretary of the Coolgardie Racine; Club in t; mated that he had no doubt that at Christ mas time the club would have a meeting, in which the chief race in the programme would be worth £1,000. We may state in connection with these races that Hodgkins, who rode the winners of the three principal events, expects to be back in Adelaide in time to ride at the S. A. J.C. Spring meeting. 