CRICKET CHATTER. hoora! Hip, hip, hoora!' Ah ! I fool relieved, having got that off my chest. New South Wales has at Last come out on top in Intercolonial cricket and wrested the Sheffield Shield from the other colonies. The final victory was a hit marvellous when you sit down and carefully consider all the facts connected with the game. First of all old George Giffen won the toss and went in. When Lyons, Leak, and the mighty George himself were all out for 34 runs pity for the visitors was written in every face. But that pity was short-lived. Those young left-handers, Darling and Hill, simply knocked the cover off the ball. What was it to them if big Jack got a blob and great George only 11. They were un- dismayed, and went at the bowling like young and lusty lions are supposed to go at thier prey. They worried it cruelly, and at the finish 400 runs were up. *** Clem Hill, 206 not out, without a chance ! What a bally shame the Australian selectors did not put off their duties for a month or two? I hear that young Hill, who has a nerve of his own, who knocked back a bit when he heard that he was unselected. And now that we know what, kind of a cricketer he is, we can understand what his feelings must have been. The boy has my sympathy, and I'm sure he has that of every man pick of those who saw him play — and of those, too, who didn't see him play — when it was known to them that he had knocked up 206 not out without the ghost of a chance. Hill belongs to the order of great cricketers, the order to which Stoddart belongs. *** And I can tell you honestly enough that I was very pleased at Joe Darling's suc- cess. His was a grand innings, and strengthens the opinion I had formed of him last year — that he is a great batsman at a pinch. What buzzing back cuts he made ! What snorting drives curving along the turf! And what a beautiful hit that was off Turner which nearly pitched beyond the tennis courts ! Yes, Darling is a great bat, and being a sideless, unpretentious fellow, I admire him very much. *** Now we come to New South Wales' doings. Going in against 400 runs looked hopeless, and, bless your heart and soul, it would have been hopeless if we had not an exceptional array of batting talent just now. Frank Iredale's 187 was a great bit of batting. True, old Giff let him off at 88, hut one does not often get 187 without giving a single chance. Iredale put the wood on very hard at times, and scored pretty fast, Then again, his 80 not out in the second innings given him a total of 267 for once out in the match. This is the largest number of runs yet made in a match between these colonies by one batsman. It beats George Giffen's 252 (47 and 205) made in Adelaide in Decembor, 1893. Bravo! Iredale. May these great scores be the forerunners of similarly fine ones in England. *** 'The crowning performance was Charlie Turner's bowling. Joehosophat! How did he bowl? Where were the 'peculiar ways' of Charlie? He was on his mettle, and he kept the batsmen as quiet as tame mice. forty three overs, 25 maidens, 35 runs and 6 wickets. On a perfect wicket! Good heavens! And yet they tell us he is done. Who, are they? Surely not good judges of the game. What did Arthur Stoddart say of Turner ? What did Percy M'Donnell say of him? They said that Turner is the finest- bowler in Australia and the first man to be picked for an English tour. Now, boys, I hope you all will con- tribute your bobs to his testimonial. The Britishers gave old W.G. a great testimonial, and let us show them that their descendants in the Australian colonies are as keen, as great, and as liberal admirers of the game and its finest exponents them- selves. A gentleman, with whom the old Bird staff certainly do not claim acquaintance, was quite bellicose towards George Giffen on Tuesday afternoon. George was forced to play Charlie Turner's bowling with care, and this gentleman suffering, no doubt, a wee bit from the effects, of the sun, and chock full (as most of us are) of the opinion that. C.T.B.T. is the best bowler in Aus- tralia, persisted in shouting out," He can't bowl, George, can he ?' and other words to that effect. He had a voice reminiscent of . the good old dealer, who can be heard four or five blocks away shouting out, 'Fisho! Banano! Applo! Orango! any Empty Bottlo! and of course his sarcastic remarks to George were easily audible all over the ground. Tom Garrett looked up in his direction once with fire (if you can imagine fire in old Tom's soft ,lamb - like eyes), and at last the well known form of Phil Sherdian was seen on the hillside. The gentleman with the voice was told that he ought to stop, but, he only performed on the old gentleman. Then the assistance of a couple of stalwart guardians of the peace, officials of the 'lawnorder" bureau, stepped up, and the gentleman with the basso ??????/ his grassy lounge, and under their guidance made tracks gatewards. He made a bit of a struggle half way, and this set some of the crowd barracking, like wild creatures. In making his exit the barracking gentleman turned round to Phil Sheridan and said : — ' I'll get a par put into' the Bird about you. I'll give it to you.' Well, the Bird has turned its toes up, and THE ARROW lives in its place, but the arrow on this occa- sion is a boomerang, for instead of striking P.S. it returns and whacks the man with the voice. We do not sympathise with fellows who insult players a little bit of fun is all right, but the line should' be drawn there. Sydney Callaway throw a ball in from cover on Monday along the ground. George Giffen and colt Martin made a run for the stroke, and another while the ball was ' crawling in. They stole a march upon the smiling one. It was off Charlie Turner, who otherwise would have taken six for 34. *** Little Sid Gregory on Monday and Tuesday gave us a touch of the young Sid who threw Johnnie Briggs out twice in England. His fielding in the second innings was brilliant, which I am greatly pleased to be able to note, since I have had recent occasion to comment upon his fumbling, and not only his fumbling, but the fumbling of other fine fieldsman. All cricketers have a little run of ill- luck. *** In matches for tho ShelUeld Shield, Prank IrodnlohnH tho best batting average, 73-10. Harry Doiuiau is Rocond, 76-C0; Clem. Hill, Oiays J- Harry, 4,2'ZQ; A. C. jrackonzie, 39-8*- j I'Vauk 'Waltnni, 37*20; J. J. Kelly, 85011 -r Tom Garrett, 35 j U. Trott, 31. Six of tho mno lending bat« mon aro Now South Walea players. Well dono, ye deRpisoct cornstalks ! 'Not Out' -hna naked rao to givo crickotorn and thi'ir irienda a reniindur that the Kijfkrhr Testimonial to Uharlio Turner in limited to one shilling Bubsoriptiouu. Hn hopo« orickotora will not forgot to ilin gorgo tho modebt bob. Printed Riibsorip tion lists nre iu circulation, to bit hnd from him. Tom M'Kibbin'H presentation of a purao and other things, especially tho other things, is to take place on Monday night in the Glebe Town Hull. They expect to hand Tumiuas about 40 yellow biys and a travelling bag. Thoro in nn ugly rumor tfoing the round* lo the effect that Tom M'K. is to bo left out of tho 'Stralian team for England, notwithstanding that ho haa already been soh't'tod. It is a cowardly rumor, to say the least of it. Trumbloand Johns are aluo mentioned in the rumor.' Arthur Coningham acted liko a givou liorn in th row in;; hiti iuninga away agninut tho South Australians. For a man who can bat as wull ua he can hia judgment ou that occasion waa simply execrable. How ever, he ilelded and howled well. Connie, my friond, a word iu your ear : play tho gamo for keopa. It pays boat in tho long uud tho Hhort run. A ttuLbims ]-ar: — 'Hill and Darling aro the only two luft-haudera iu Australia who can he called biiUmon.' Tarradiddle! What ahiioluto twaildlo. Moses, Bruce, Ooiiingliain (what \n'\vo (Jonnie'a 101 and 51 ngaiimc New South Wales in Decem ber ?) Donahuo, and otherK, put your heads in a bag, for the mighty liuiiiiKTiN says you aro not batt.inoii, The Buli.rtin (jots beyond ita depth in cricket matters, Sid Gregory's wife will not accompany him to England. H.lt.W. nalcn Tiik Akuow to tell him ' what the npaco on theexcreme loft of tho now Bcoring beard at the Cricket Ground is for?' Others havo naked us tho mimo quuBtiou, and tor fear that many more may be contemplating the saiiio thing, I now state fur tlio information of all and tmudry that tho word ' bowler' iu tho match againHt Victoria was Blid up and down in the space nt the end of each over iu order to acquaint tho public with the nainu of the trundlor. Since then Nnd Gregory haa introduced an index (linger pointing) which now goon up and dosvu iunlead. Jim Kelly has by nheor merit won thono who oppoMcd iiiri iuuludiou iu thu Auatraliau Eleven round lo admit that a bluomor haa boon mado in rnjecting him. johnn had luiapn of fiiendii without pnrl'orming, Johnn had played in otiJi/ ono fi-i)t-clasa )natcli when ho wmi unlected to go to Eng land. MnrvelloiiH ! llow uomo pooplo can manipulate tho wiron! The turning point iu the lato matuli waa the big ntaud uiiiilo by J.'Yiink Iredalo and Kolly. Each j)lay«d a rattling game, ilCelly fturpriaing tho critical coguoacouti, 'who would have it that LVeddlo Burton wan a bettor bat than ho. Iredalo nnd Kolly put up 119 rurmfor tho sixth wiokot, and made the bout utaud of tho iuningu. .(Celly'u porformanco with tho glovon will alno tako, uomn raping out. No byas ia 400 runs I Thero woto nhio no byon in oithor inmugii of tho mntoh nt Adelaide. Sul. Giogory got oul, ngainiit. South Aim tinliu piutly thiou(;h haviiiff too mueli leuln on the hrwidlo of bin but. When ha ' triniA to uhiil l,in (re iii bl|''hoftho rnnlu hold jinii — U iMndulL ynn icncur, tleorno (UtTou'ii 50 rumi*t.ook -lil'JAuiij, I'lvnu v/ilh iielatioi'* in tho thi[;h \niu in jirntty iiloiy bnttlnff. Jonoa bowls a bottor length than ho used to, but on our good hard wickota thoro is not much in fust bowling. Jonon has altered hia delivery a good deal. Ho bowlod . with wrotchod luck on Tuesday, Harry Donnan boing twice niiascd off him, and Alick Mackenzie wiw also dropped, wicket keeper M'Kenzie missing tho three. Tho South Austral iann misaod oomo cany chances againat New South Wales. If thoy had been hold all tho glory might nob now bo anchored iu Now .South Walea. Frank Iredalo waa dropped by Giffon in tho first nnd by Travora in thu second innings; Harry Donnan waa missed by Darling in the first, by M'Konzio twice and Travora (uff au onsy return) in tho second innings/ Sid, Gregory was droppod by Leak. Mackenzie's omission from the Bust of Australia team is a huge blunder, lie will bo ns great a batBinan as Iredalo in another year or two. I was one uf -tho few who foretold Mackeuzio'a success in big cricket this year, ns far hack aa Ootobor. Albert Trott, Worrall, mid Charlie M'Leod havo no right to bo boloctod heioro him. Charlie M'Ij -o 1 ia a good' performer, but Mackeuzie ia a far bolter one. Tho Now South Wah'ti Oriokot Aasocia tion will make abouc £U00 out of tho South Australian match. Thia i.-\ very guod, but it would have boon a cool tliuu. only for the big match now going on. Uig Alick Mackenzie has been run out; th reu times this year — once ngainut Queens land, unco against South Aminili.i, and the third was against the Sydney Univer sity, when he knocked up 'Li. Frank Ired:ilo*H four latest scores are 1-J-0, 121, 187, nnd B0 not our. Ho lookod a eortitiiity lor tho two eeiiturieu against South Au.itnilin. Oharlio Eady ib thu only Aujtrnlian who had done thin fent iu big cricket; Kenny Burn, by tho w.-iy, did it tho other day in a club mtitch in Hohart. ? ? ♦ Charlie Eidy, who is as modest and na liable to a uuddeu Hanguimiry liuali to- tlnj ohiSuks iva an innocent sclioul iniua of IS, says Windsor id the crack bowler of T,is mama — a^fiir botl-er bowler than hinisclt'. Well, we hope such ia really tho case. Australia can do with some more good bowlurd. ? ? ?; Ono of Tom Garroti'u dolinions .- — Frank Walters i:i a bowler. One over wax auUluiunt to disillusionise thu old 1378 'Straliun. Tho 3tory that Jo a Durliug's ropeotml 'father (the ilon. J. D-ir4ing, M.L.U.)- gave ' him £200 wUuu tho hou wni solei-tuvl Lo yo \- to England, is all moonshine. Ono, of the , l!m,LRTlNNH many cronk cahlca. , Clem Hill williiavu a hirthdiiy (his 10th) ' on the 21) th of (hid month. Ueorge Giilon will havo ono (Urn 11/ th) on tlio 23th, one \ dixy before the ?' boy.' \- Ted Evans attained his -17tli year yester day. I wish tho veteran (whom I havo not HUbii for Home time) many pleiwivnt roturua (of the day. Tho' Cuzco luavea for Euglaud to-day. The 'StraliaiiB will caloh her at Adelaide, from Which port bIio will Htonmon Wednes day, 18th lust. In all matches Frank Irodalo hna nn average or CO runs pur inninga agaiimt South Australia, and Harry Donmui arornRod ?!/. They ovidontly liko George Giffon'a bowling. . A meeting iti to bu hold nt Bui uford'a Cambridge Club Hotel to- night to make arraugemeiilu for giving a aiind-oll to Sid Gregory uud Harry Donnan. . Thu annual meetings of tho ltandwick and Pirato Football Cluba will both be Jiold on Friday night next. They aro buzzing about a bio early this your. 