Jottings by the Way. Imagine a discussion upon the right of Charles Dickens to a place upon the shelves of a Y.M.C.A. library.! Bombay at any rate is being stirred up over the matter. Prom the " Straits Budget" we gather that some of the writers to the Press think Mr. Qullp '■' coarse," and that "Box" is responsible for much of the wickedness in this world. How would it do to ask such gentle critics their opinion of Judas Iscarlot? He was rather a bad man in his way ; and yet we doubt very much whether f>ickena's denouncers would care about banishing the Bible from our homes and libraries. It cer tainly would be very interesting to find out just what class of literature the Bombay purists delight in! The Microbe, according to Dr. C. Edi son, in " North American Review," Is a Socialist. To the man of wealth, he says, there is a direct and very great interest in . the well-being of poverty. The former cannot afford to sit at his well-covered table and forget the ab sence of food in the latter's poor room, because that absence means, sooner or later, that disease will break out in the room, and microbes or their spores will in time pass the heavy curtains on the windows of the mansion to find their prey inside. This is the socialism of the microbe which binds, all the. .people of t*>e cotnunlty together. For fear of the microbe ..the rich, man^ought. £0 see that the poor man is well housed, wen fed, and supplied with abundance of healthy recreation. Perhaps the mi crobe might be better described as. a Progressive Liberal, In an article on Divers and their Work, in the "Strand Magazine," it is said :—" Incredible as it may seem, It is nevertheless a fact that deep sea divers occasionally have a quiet nap far be neath the surface, and surely no more convincing testimony to the perfection of modern diving appliances could be adduced. One man was cleaning a ship's hull when he resolved to knock off and go to sleep seated on his step. He for got, however, to secure his couch-grass brush to his wrist. Consequently the moment the tired diver obeyed one law of Nature, and fell asleep, his brush obeyed another law, and sped swiftly to the surface. The brush was seen by the officer on duty on the vessel ; the som nolent diver was awakened with no.little difficulty, and, after having irretrievably committed himself in a telephonic alter cation with his superior, he was called up and discharged." The same- article says that "another diver, engaged on a -wreck, once went down with the sole Intention of sleeping away a few hours. This man. on reach ing the bottom, lashed his air-pipe and life-line to a spar, and then settled him self to sleep on a rock. After a time his attendant noticed that the life- line showed no movement, so he gave two pulls to signify "Are you all right?" Not only was no reply received, but it was found impossible to draw the diver to the surface. After an anxious inter val a second' diver was sent down, and the wrath of this man on seeing his com rade asleep may be better Imagined than described." The " Australasian" in a recent article state* that Mr. Tyson is very fond of relating what he calls his flute " yarn." Away back towards the close of the forties he was off on an Inland trip, and before he started he bought a flute, for which he gave 10s. On his arrival at a station, and after the even ing meal had been partaken of, he produced his flute. Having amused his audience, they tried to make a deal, and as much as 30fl. was offered for the instrument, but all to. no purpose. Away went " Jimmy," and a similar perform ance was enacted at the next station, but here there was more current coin of the realm, and the price of the flute went up to £3. This offer was ac cepted, and the next day the amount was Invested in three heifers—"and those three heifers were the foundation of my stock at the present day. Heifers will Increase, but flutes won't." The "New York Recorder" says that Japan Is a land without domestic ani mals. It is this lack which strikes the stranger so forcibly in looking upon Ja panese landscapes. There are no cows —the Japanese neither drinks milk nor eats meat. There are but few horses, and these are Imported mainly for the use of foreigners. The freight carts in city streets are pulled and pushed by coolies, and the pleasure carriages are drawn by men. There are but few dogs, and these ere neither used as watch dogs, beasts of burden, nor in hunting, except by foreigners. There are n*o sheep In Japan, and wool Is not used in cloth ing, silk and cotton being the staples. There are no pigs—pork is an unknown article of diet, and lard la not used in cooking. There are no goats, or mules or donkeys. Wild animals there are, however, and in particular bears of enor mous size. One of these Mr. Finck saw, stuffed, In a museum, he describes as "big as an ox." Beside another stuffed museum bear is preserved. In alcohol, the mangled body of a child the bear had eaten Just before being killed. Narrow escapes from dreadful deaths have been recorded by the score, but there are not many to excel the following;: —"While driving a mob of cattle in (Southern Queensland," writes a corre spondent of the Warwick "Examiner," " I and my mate camped on the edge of some thick timber. After tea I rolled up in my blanket while my mate went off to do a bit of fishing. During his. absence the cattle stampeded, .and went straight for the lire beside which: I was lying. - I shut my teeth and shivered. The front bullock, seeing a movement, jumped over me with a snort, and those behind imitated him. Four) hundred head of cattle, off with a rush, of which at least fifty must have jumped over me. I got up when the cyclone had passed, to find everything round, billy and all, trodden out flat, and consider I owe my life to that involuntary shudder." A decent-looking man asked a London magistrate recently for advice as to what be could do with a drunken wife. Mr. Paul Taylor: That is one. of the incon veniences of matrimony. Applicant: Am I bound to keep her? Mr. Paul Taylor: You have taken her for better or for worse. Applicant: Yes, sir; but do not you think this is very much worse? Mr. Paul Taylor: I am not here to argue with you, but will tell you that the fact of her being a drunkard does not relieve you from your liability to maintain your wife. " It. will reassure many of our readers 'who are dependent upon tanks for their '•miter ''supply /that Dr. Hardle Is not inclined to consider them death-traps In the suburbs or-'the country. He has no good word for the ordinary filter ; but for tanks as used by hundreds of people around Brisbane he thinks that usually they contain water "as good as anything you can get." This is 'good J*ewB. Not long ago some of his brother medicos made a desperate tilt *t the tank. They affirmed tank water to be a highly dangerous fluid ; and as serted that a good deal of typhoid could be traced to its use. Naturally many folk decided that they must be gin boiling the water, and took all sorts of precautions in dealing with the terrible fluid. Better too much than too little care, of course ; but there seems to have been little foundation for the scare. A girl In a New York factory is alleged to have caught and killed a rat In a manner never before heard of. There are a number of other women employed In the same room, as well as several men. The rat strayed Into the room, and could not find its way out, and the men started to catch and kill him. This was easier saM than done, for the rat was agile and daring, and fled from one ambush to another, while the women and girls flew up on chairs and tables, and would have perched on the ceiling like flies If they had been able. There was one exception. She stood her ground, and finally, when the rat hud been poked from behind a barret and was dashing across the floor almost over her feet, she crouched down and let her skirts touch the floor and captured the rat, and when it endeavoured to push Its way out she struck it over the bead and laid it out. This, we are assured by the "Weekly Telegraph," is a fact, and if any person in any country can produce a similar case of bravery and presence of mind on the part of a woman he can take the bakery* In the course of an interesting conver sation, the late Mr. Spurgaon told a con tributor of the "Australasian Hebrew" the following capital story :—" One day my servant announced a visitor, who re fused to give his name. ' What Is he like ?' said I. 'Heis a shabby sort of a man with a wild look about him.' ' Send him away.' 'He won't go, sir, without seeing you.' 'Well, you must show him in.' Enter a man, whom I suspected at once of not being in his right mind—a fanatic of some kind evi dently. ' Well, sir,' said I, ' whom have I the honour of addressing ?' 'The Prophet Daniel,' was the calm reply. I warn not at all disconcerted ; but, with the greatest gravity, (humoured his delu sion. ' Indeed ? You're just the man I wanted to see. Take a chair, Prophet.' He did. so. ' Now, Prophet,' I con tinued, ' I have a question to ask you. How about that affair of yours in the den of lions ?' The lunatic, leaning for ward, put his hand to bis mouth, and in a hoarse, confidential whisper, said ' It's all bosh I'" Perth lawyers are being straightened out by the Judges—they are Inclined to take things too easy in court. The "West Australian" thus relates a little Incident in the process :—" The etiquette of courts of justice sometimes requires that the Judges should be as blind as the goddess whose ministers they are. Yes terday Mr. Moss hod a matter to bring before the Chief Justice. The case oc cupying his Honour's attention was com pleted somewhat sooner than was anti cipated, and Mr. Moss had not availed himself of the opportunity to don wig and gown. 'I would like to bring a matter to your Honour's notice,' said the Fremantle barrister when he got a word in edgeways. 'I can't hear you, Mr. Mom/ answered the Chief Justice. ' I can't see you. I see a ghost. But I cannot see you. Tou had better get some one else to speak for you.' The ' ghost' obtained the Intercession of another lawyer, less etherial in the garb of horsehair and alpaca. ' I can hear you now.' said his Honour later when he learned from the facts submitted that It was necessary to be informed of the exact terms of the application, and although the ghost had not been materialised by the mysterious and essential process of robing, his figure was as distinctly seen as his voice was plainly heard." Australia hi exporting rabbits to the old country, but It does not follow that bunny is scarce when great men go snootlncr. Says " Land and Water" just received :—" Some of the best covers at Lord Londonderry's place, Wynyard Park, were shot over last week, when eight guns made some biff scores. On the Battle Hill beat tfhe total was just under four thousand bead, of .which three thousand three hundred were rabbits. On the second day, when the home coverts were taken, two thousand pheaaan'ts were killed. The total bag of over eight thousand head was about equally divided between pheasants and rabbits." This reads like wholesale slaughter. A very excellent example of the way they do things in Turkey is given by Canon Mac Coll in his "Contemporary" article on the Armenian question. Some time ago It was announced that the Sultan bad contributed £2000 for the re lief of the surviving inhabitants of the villages destroyed by his own troops in Armenia. As a matter of fact, the Sultan simply sent orders to the Governor of that district to raise the amount of his Majesty's contribution. This the Gover nor did by taxing the local Christians £2000 for their own relief. Even thus the Sultan's gift would have been like the wife's birthday present to her hus band, for which the latter receives a sub sequent bill. But the money never reached the Armenian sufferers. The money which appeared to be given by the Sultan for the relief of the Armenians was in reality given by the Armenians for the relief of the Governor, affirms "Picaroon," in the " New Budget." "Peter Lombard" (an entertaining: writer in the "Church Times") is getting quite flippant. Whatever did bishops and clergy say when they read the fol lowing »tory in a recent issue? "A young lady was driven by her brother lately to West Muddlehcun Junction, where he was to see her off by the train. They were rather late, and had to hurry. The porter rapidly pushed her portman teau under the seat first, and she sprang in; but first, in her hurry and confusion, she kissed the porter and gave her brother twopence." Crick, M.P. of New South Wales, who is now on the track of Minister Want, is a very tough customer, and he looks It. Says Melbourne "Punch":—He is some thing of the stamp of our own "Jack" Murray, M.P., but with a rather harder jaw. He is as full of light as a well-bred bull terrier, and will probably make Mr. Want very tired before he is through, whatever may be the merits of his case. Want, according-to Sydney papers, is already looking very worried. We don't wonder—he is suffering from a severe crick. The Minister is cordially disliked on the Opposition side, where he is known ■as "The Long-felt Want." On one bc~ casioh recently aft Opposition member, agitating the case of a number of un enployed in the House, declared:- "Mr. Speaker, these poor fellows are the pic* ture of want." "Then they're a--—-ngljr lot," interjected a member from a back bench. The Melbourne " Herald" remarks :-^ " What a boom there is just now in tor pedoes ! None of us, we know, but has at some stage of his life invented a fly 7 in? machine ! The disease is common to all masculine humanity, and general ly expends its virulence while the crear, ture in bifurcated garments is yet in his teens! For the,few —the grave, solid, enduring, thoughtful, and a multitude of other things, few—is it reserved t6 invent {torpedoes. Mr. Brennan is an Australian who did 00 to very consider able advantage. Yet a really cheap and effective torpedo is the ' long felt want* of the British Government. Read this : * A Whltehead torpedo cpstß about £2000, and when the torpedo explodes thtat is the end of It. If it hits the target the investment is a good one. It ts reported that since 1875 the British Government has lost 100 Whlteheads in trial runs. During the torpedo drills conducted in the presence of the Em peror William at the naval review live torpedoes went astray.' If we under stand that aright, no less than £200,000 has, therefore, been let off into the ocean, with no hope of recovery. But this is not the worst of it. Suppose one of these stray Whlteheads should happen to bump against a Cunard liner ! Some body might then write a new requiem on ' the ship that never returned' !" The position of the English wine trade Is thus discussed by a London paper of considerable Influence —the "Speaker":— "It is a regrettable fact that even the cheapest wines are still beyond the reach of the working: classes. We say 're grettable fact' advisedly. England pro duces no wine, and our working classes are therefore driven to consume either beer or spirits. Beer is a very heavy liquor, except for people of strong digest ive powers; and ardent spirits are an ex ceedingly dangerous habitual drink. If our legislators could see their way co to reduce the duties, the cheaper kinds of wine, like vln ordinaire and the cheaper Italian wines, might be as readily ob tained by our workman as his glass of beer. And glass after glass of beer in a temperature of 70deg. tends to stuplfy the clearest intelligence; whereas, as any reader can satisfy himself, the workmen of Paris and other large Continental cities drink enormous draughts of vln ordinaire without the slightest ill effect." The home papers rive an amusing in cident which occurred last month in the hearing of a collision case in the Ad miralty Court, before Sir Francis Jeune and Trinity House Assessors. We are told that a typical old salt with only one eye got along quite satisfactorily with his examlnatlon-in-chlef, but was rather nonplussed when the opposing counsel began to cast some doubts upon bis evi dence. The old tar got over the first three or four questions safely, but his wrath rose as the cross-examination pro ceeded. At length he could restrain his Indignation no longer, and, buttoning his jacket tightly, be leaned over the rails of the witness-box and cried, "I beg your pardon, but who might you be, mister?" .The court roared with laughter, in which the President and Assessors Heartily joined. The counsel replied, "Oh, I am against you." At this admission the sailor seemed much relieved, and remark ed, "Oh, I see. Now I know my bearings, and must steer accordingly." Johannesburg will hardly be so tempt ing a place for the yearning traveller and emigrant now that the Dutch and their unfranchteed friends are fast falling out. The Transvaal is governed by a minority; and for some time now the majority, mostly British, have been put ting their heads together. It may be remembered that serious friction was only averted by diplomatic means a year or so ago, when the Dutch Government tried hard to force their military system ■upon all- alike, yet without allowing foreigners any cay in directing things. The Briton was to fight as he was ordered ; but his John Bull instincts for fair play wece to be kept subordinate to President Kruger's ideas of Dutch needs. That difficulty was smoothed aiway by letting off the Britisher from military service. Now comes the de mand upon the Dutch as the other side of the question. Probably Mr. Cecil Rhodes knows all about this latest move. He has long been the Dutchman's dread ; and since his colossal strides (have taken him to tMashonaland, 'hemming: the Transvaal In on all sides, it only needs a little in ternal pressure to squeeze President Kruger and his colleagues Into a very (tight corner. So they have bbugttit (Maxmi guns and fortified Pretoria and Johannesburg. At the first sign of revolt we shall hear of the Napoleonic •" whiff of grape shot" ; and the latter city, at any rate, will be somewhat un (settled until the argument now pro gressing is concluded. Likely enough another truce will be declared. But (Mr. Rhodes has great plans. He is determined to weld South Africa into one great confederation ; and sooner or later -the Transvaal will be obliged to abandon its attitude of defiant independence. .; The "Australasian.Hebrew" is very sar 'jqavtlc At the expense of a certain so ciety established for the conversion of Jews. Our contemporary says:—"lt is a ''cherished article of belief that in Eng ' Ja'nd the cost of converting two Jews had in one year been £6000, and it is yet a 'moot point whether these two Jews had Hot been one and the same person, un . fchaven and shaven. Waiving the tatter point, this average price of £3000 per , Jew was felt to afford a satisfactory standard value for the local market, It must be borne in mind that in the colony "of Victoria the amount of duplication practicable is limited, and its exercise dangerous. In England, where branches of the Society for Conversion are numer -1 ous, it is possible that the same Jew may undergo conversion in many different cities before hia value as a marketable f -commodity is exhausted. The most ex ''pertenced authorities on this branch of .political economy, however, do not hesi tate to denounce the practice of duplica tion as false in principle and tending to juttsettle prices." Melbourne "Punch" has Us tilt against the Hon. James Tyson—with a conclud ing pat on the back. Our mirth-loving contemporary says:—"Millionaire Squat ter- Tyson never drinks, never smokes, never swears, and is a bachelor. As Disraeli said of Gladstone, 'He has not •lie redeeming vice.' Added to this he is very frugal and unostentatious. Upon his appointment to the Queensland Legis lative Council he was travelling down to Brisbane to take his seat, and had a cheeky Jackeroo for a companion on the (train journey. 'I suppose you're taking down a dress suit, Mr. Tyson?' said the youth. 'No,' replied the squatter, 'only a clean pair, of moleskins. Dress clothes have had their innings; it's time honest moleskins had a show.' The dandy jackeroo subsided." ; In a New Year article, appearing yes terday, the " Toowoomba Chronicle" has ' [the following cheerful forecast :—As the ' capital city of the Downs it has main tained its supremacy and commercial Importance. In all parts of the town . new buildings have been erected, some of them of a most substantial character, others have been enlarged, a new, noble ichurch edifice is in course of erection, end on all sides there are manifestations of lfope and confidence In the future. The demand for land for close settlement Is active, and the calls at our office to > 'see the plan of the subdivision of the iWestbrook lands indicate that a very /Jange area of that land, if not the whole of it, will be selected when it is thrown open. The prospects of the new year are tnost promising, and should give us all <bright hopes of future prosperity. The drought, over the Darling Downs at least, is broken up ; we have had re freshing rains many times during the last six weeks, and a splendid rainfall as a New Year's gift on Sunday night «nd yesterday. The maize crops, the lucerne paddocks, the sorghum, the pota toes, and all the autumn crops, promise to be unusually prolific in the next two or three months. They will compensate, In a measure, for past losses, and should be the cause of much thankfulness. The steady growth and expansion of the town, the advance of settlement in the outside districts, the excellent climate •we possess, and. our unrivalled agricul tural and horticultural resources, all point unmistakalbly to prosperity in the future. Apropos of drought and scarcities (writes the " Orenville Standard") atten tion has been lately recalled to the fol lowing record in Tasmanian history :— "The wheat, crop failed in 1807, and the price «C th*t article rose to £4 per bushel. 0 which would make flour about £200 per ton. The selling rate was regulated by a ' garrison order; and armed sentinels mounted guard over the wheat fields, so valuable was the corn. ■ In 1808 the posi tion of 'the settlement was fearful,- and kangarco meat at Bd. per Ib. had to be the means of subsistence. In 1809 the settlers were allowed to pay their debts to ithe Crown in wheat at 15s. per bushel." The " Canadian Gazette" has its little joke occasionally, and here 1b the latest : —" Manitoba is indeed a wonderful healthy place to live in. The doctors are few and far apart, and the air seems to brace one right up. In proof, let a traveller's tale be told. Says the tra veller : ' I came upon a big, healthy looking half-breed one day who was driv ing a buckboard and an old gray horse. In talking to him of the province I re marked that I thought it was very healthy. " Yes," he «aid, "it is healthy. When I came here I was so weak I could not hold these lines." I was surprised, for I thought I never saw a healthier fellow, and inquiredl' how long he had lived there. "Oh !" he answered, " I was born in Manitoba."*" A story is told of an Ameri can preacher who possessed a most capacious mouth, with . a raucous voice to accompany it. He believed In the " word in season"—very much. Whether in the street, or on the cars, he was always to be found button holing the ungodly and asking them about their souls. In a railway carriage one day he. fixed his glittering eye upon a dour-looking individual sitting oppo site, and began to preach at the crowd all round through this unfortunate. Did he believe in God's omnipotence ? " No," growled his victim, " certainly not. There's one thing God couldn't do, no matter what you may say." This was a facer, and the evangelist rose to the occasion. Raising his voice for the whole car to hear, he said, " My man, tell me what that is." The tone was a study. Putting his face over to within three inches of that of his tormentor, the object of the word in season replied, "He couldn't make your mouth any bigger 'thout putten your ears back." 