THE A.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. (By our South Australian Gobbes- pondent.) - The Hurdle Race. In placing Black -Flag at the head of the list with 12.t 81b. Mr. Hughes has allotted the son >of Freetrade his full measure, and I am - inclined to the belief that he will not journey over. Simulator rarriod lOst 121b to victory at the last A.B.C. Autumn meeting in brilliant etylei In burdening Sir Edmund's son at 12et, Mr. Hughes has given him a chance, hut yet by no means a rosy one. Radiant evidanoeaan improved appear enoe mice he gamed the last of three sncoeeBive viotones, iind this gray offshoot of Highlander will tike an immensity of beating. He is now the favorite. Patterson has, however, two other Strings to his bow ft'Jiok Sprat and Gaillardia. The first-nun ed ' won last year's Grand National with lOat 121b, and having only elb'qhira to labor under he xuatdia matad tmoD. Gaillardia should beat .Oonventioner at-, any rate, as be meets the South- eastern hpree on 7ib better terms than those of Tattersfdl's hurdles, and Patterson's "barge wbb going quite as well as Oon ventioner at the finish of the race on the Old Course. Perhaps Eular's owner will consider his horse's weight satisfactory, and we may see him competing, bat I prefer Radiant to him Ensign ie improving every week, and he may be fit enough on the day, but I have never.been partial to the English man's eon at distances past two miles, and I am not struck on him this time. Floodbird ran badly at Tattersall's meeting, but the black could not have been himself, as that was not bis true form. He will be cherry ripe on the day, and at lOst 71b lie reads temptingly. I think that Nalpa's bad jumping is hiB main weakness, and he will need to be better at the hardies than when last he ran if he is to be considered. Carlsruhe is young at the game, and I lilce another beginner, in the shape of The Golden King, better. This eon of King of tile Ring has improved a lot in hnrdle flying daring the last two months, and he gets over the jumps like an experienced hnrdleracer. A candidate with his pace, good Btamina, and the handy load of 9st 81b must be considered dangerous. The beet of the others is Eaglehawk at 9st 51b, and this gelding has an excellent outside show. My fancies are — Mb. Febby's Best Radiant Jaok Sprat Floodbird The Golden King. The Steeplechase. In putting 12st 71b against Black Flag's name Mr. Hughes has been rather harsh on him. With a stone lese I do not think Black Flag wonld be dangerous. Borke's Drift, Songster, Grandwing, and Nutmeg are handicapped on much the same terms as those which the Vic torian weight-adjusters have recently eet them. Of theBe four Victorians I am most partial to Nutmeg. Banjo won hie last race very easily, and on that form he cannot be put out of court with list 101b to carry. Mr. Ferry, however, has Cataract aleo to rely on. Stfll, the grey hardly shaped like a Grand National wiener at Tattersall's meeting, and Banjo seems the best of the pair, un doubtedly, on form. All Fours is rather leniently treated, I fancy, and a mare like her, who gave Dnngan,lat| 12st 71b, the hardest race of his life, mnst be viewed with extreme favor. All Fours has never been partial to a solid burden, and in such a race as this her powers will be fully tested, but a stand np is, I think, the only requirement towards her victory. Havelock has no chance, and I prefer Juliet to Woodfield. The journey is too far for Taradale, but The Ghost's North-eastern record gives him a chance of a high order, Backers, however , had better leave this customer alone until he goes to the poBt. Of the others, I like Confidence best, and the old grey has more then an out- eider's chsnce, though he ran very disap pointingly in Tattersall's Steeplechase. I am partial to - Banjo All Fours Confidence Nutmeg. 