A CHRONICLE OP THE i CLOG-SHOP. By John Ackworth. ? ? In the September following Jimmy Juddy's , wedding there was a change of superinten dent ministers in the Duxbury Circuit. It was the middle of October before the new preacher came to Beckside, his first visit having been reserved for the ' Trust Ser mons ' Sunday. He had come from a circuit near London, and had never been in Lancashire before, the only piece of infor mation retailed about himheing that he was a great chapel-builder. Such descriptions of the good man as had reached Beckside were strangely conflicting. Some said he was a thorough gentleman and a polished speaker, others, that he waB rather too high and mighty for Lancashire. In this divisipn of circuit opinion Beckside realised its re sponsibility, and prepared itself to give the preacher a very careful hearing. The little he had heard of Beckside prepared the preacher for amusement, and he waB a little non-plussed therefore when Jabe and Long Ben received him in the vestry with impenetrable and icy stolidity. To counterbalance this, however, he was cheered when the service was over by Lige the road-mender, who, in his Sunday attire, looked a very imposing person, and who, met him at ttie bottom of the pulpit stairs, and exclaimed, ' That's the best sermon we'en had i' this chapil for mony a yer.' And the minister did not .Know snai Jjige naa expressed me same opinion of nearly every sermon he had heard for many years. It was Long Ben's turn to take the preacher that day, and that worthy over the after-dinner pipe imparted to hiB visitor as a profound secret the disturbing information that he would have to get a new steward in hiB place at Christmas. Well, there was nothing remarkable in that piece of news, but it was impressed more than usually upon the 'Super's' mind by the peculiar action of Ben's plump, red cheeked little wife, who happened to overhear the closing words of Ben's speech. For she Bhut with a bang the drawer into which she was putting the tablecloth, shook her cap-strings quite violently, and then remarked, apparently to the big brass clasped Bible on the drawer- top, and in a tone between amusement and irritation — ' Hey, dear ! Owder an' softer Now, the Super was not quite sure in his own mind whether the remark, which he onlv imtierfectlv understood, atmlied to the good lady's husband or himself, and was glancing inquiringly from one to the other of them when Ben invited him to have a walk up to the clog-shop. ; There more pipes were smoked, though the minister was not a disciple of St. Nicotine, and when Sam Speck came in and took Ben out to hunt up some negligent Sunday-school soholars, Jabe informed the Super that [after twenty- four year's service he had made up his mind ' wilta shalta ' (whether or not) to ' cum aat at Christmas.' This second resignation made the minis ter think he smelt a rat, and so. he inquired whether there was anything wrong in the church. VNeaw,' Jabe replied, ' we're reet enough but Aw mean wot Aw say,' and he puffed away and looked a very Bphinx of stony mystery. The minister was a little annoyed, and went rather early to the Sunday-school to inspect and address it. When the children were being dismissed Nathan the smith drew him into the vestry, and having care fully closed the door informed him that he had been seventeen years in 'tl?e office of ohapel steward, and had only kept on holding, the office to oblige the Supers who had been there before the present one, but now there were so many young ones coming up he should retire at the end of the year, especially as he wasn't very good at keeping Accounts— and the new minister did 'not .know, of course, that account keeping was Nathan's hobby, and that it his constant boast that he had never been more than minepence wrong in all these years. All this was perplexing, not to say irritating, to the minister, and when he reaohed his arm-chair at Ben's he heaved a little sigh as he sat down. ' Yo're siking (sighing), mestur,' said Mrs. Ben ; is summit wrong wi yo1 !' 'No, I'm all right; but what are all these good men resigning for?' 'Bless yo'; is that aw ?' They allis (always) do it when a new mon comes Yo' munno tak' ony noatice on 'em ; they'd be a fine sight moar bothered nor yo' if yoi' did.' Then she bustled back into the kitchen and Ben coming in from the garden, the min ister heard him called ' lumpyed,' and told it would 'earve him reet if he wor turn't aat.' Now the Super was a shrewd man and laid these things up in his mind. After the evening service the minister went to the clog-shop for supper, and was formally introduced to the members of the 4 club.' When supper was over and the pipes were in full work, Jabe .with a characteristic movement of his short leg, and an assum ption of modesty which did not at all fit him, asked — ' Well, wot dun yo' thinks of aar chapil, Mfiflhir SVninor 9 1 And AY7ai«Tr man in fVio company tried to imitate Jabe's expression of grateful modesty in anticipation of the only answer which could possibly be given. The new minister seemed most unaoount ably embarrased, and was about to give an evasive reply when old Lige burst out — 4 Yo' hanna (have not) seen a prattier chapil i' yo'r life, naa, han yo'?' The minister smiled rather oddly, and did not quite succeed in keeping a contem tuous tone out of his voice aB he inquired — ' What style do you call it ? ' ' Style I it's th' A1 style, an' nowt else,' cried Lige excitedly, whilst the others held their pipes at aim's length, listening in tently. The minister looked wicked, and there was the ghost of a scoff on bis face as he asked — Well, but is it Classic, or Gothic, or what is it ? ' ' G-o-t-h-i-c,' shouted Lige with lofty in dignation. ' Neaw, it isn't ; it's gradely nnr/1 T ?onnUaUivA fViof'o 1 4- I o _mi' w ii u jjcuuvuouaicj vunu o vruu iu ao ? rv i ju i Classics I an' yor Gothics ! ' The minister laughed, and as he had over a mile to catch the circuit conveyance at the four-road ends, he excused himself and went awav. But he left behind him a most painful impression. For the first time in its history the beauty of the Beckside tabernacle had been called into question, at any rate by implication. And the offence had been committed by the superintendent minister, of all persons 1 The talk in the Clog shop parlour, was long and very serious, and though Jabe kept up for some time a show of defence of the ecclesiastic, it was very half-heartedly done, and he admitted to Sam Speck when the rest were gone — ' When he talked abaat his Gothics, thaa could a knocked me daan wi' a feather.' Next day all Beckside knew that the minister had scoffed at the chapel, and the feeling of indignation was quickened when Silas the chapel-keeper made it known that when the minister came to the week-night service on the following Tuesday he had gone round the chapel, laughing at the high-backed pews, putting his stick iuto the cracks in the gable -wall, and talking of ventilation until Silas said— ' ' Aw welly brast aat on him.' Every time the Super came to Beckside he dropped hints about the chapel which conveyed the impression that he thought it past redemption. Then a local preacher told Sam Speck under an inviolable bond of secrecy that he had heard .the Super call the chapel a 'ramshackle old building.' But as Sam always made mental reservations in favour of the club in' his promises of silence, this most offensive expression was soon common property. Under these circumstances when the Annual Trustees' Meeting came to be held in the following January, feeling ran very high, and the minister, unoonoious of the sentiments of his flock, very speedily made thingB worse. The possibility of danger to their tabernacle put everything else out of the heads of the Church officers, and not a word was said on the question of resigna tions. This was a time to 4 hold on, 1 every body felt. When the routine business of the meeting had been got through the the minister leaned back in his chair and said — ' Well now, brethren, what about this building? It was all right, I dare say seventy or eighty years ago ; but it won't do now. It is behind the timeB. What do you say to a new chapel ? ? Nobody spoke, but Long Ben and Nathan began to stare hard at the fire, and the rest became absorbed in some mysterious matter going on the ceiling. TVi a AiV/tiiU. of.fltrn v/1 A«aivi TliivlMiHtt ttiIia had come with the minister, and was present as auditor of accounts, then took up the tale. 'You know, brethren, this is a box; simply a box ; and (with a very demonstra tive sniff) a very musty box too.' Nobody spoke. A non-resident Trustee, who had also come in the circuit conveyance, next broke in — ' You know we must move with the times, friends. What was good enough for our grandfathers is not good enough for us.' Another long silence. ' Come friends,' said the Super in the chair ; ' What do you think ? ' No answer. 'Will some one propose that we meet again this dav three weeks to take into consideration the advisability of building a new chapel ?' Another pause. ' Presently Jabe rose to hiB feet, turned slowly round, picked his hat off the peg above his head, and deliberately limped down the whole length of the vestry to the door amidst a dead silence. (To be continued.) 