FUND FOR PUBLISHING SERMONS. j J All desirous of aiding this work are requested to send subscrwtwns to Mrs. Fagg or Mrs. Nicholas, New Town, or Miss Nutt, 42, ! I tUzrou-plaie. I ETERNITY 1 I [By the Right Rev. John Charles Ryle. D.D.] i I ask the attention of all into whose hands i this sermon may fall, while I offer -a few suggestive thoughts about eternity. As a mortal man I feel deeply my own insufficiency J to handle this subject. But I pray that God the Holy (Ghost, whose strength is made perfect in weakness, may bless the words I speak, and make them seeds of eternal life in many minds. Our state in the unseen world of eternity depends entirely on what we are in time. The life that we live upon earth is short at the very best, and soon gone. " We spend our days of a tale that is told." " What is our life? It is a vapour : so soon passeth it away, and we are gone." The life that is before us when we leave this world is an endless eternity, a sea without a bottom, and an ocean without a shore. The Bible teaches plainly, that' as we die, whether converted or unconverted, whether believers or unbelievers, whether godly and ungodly, so shall we rise again when the last trumpet sounds. There is no repentance in the grave : there is no conversion after the last breath is drawn. Now is the time to believe in Christ, and to lay hold on eternal life. Now is the time to turn from darkness unto light, and to make our calling and election sure the night comes when no man can work As the tree falls, there it will He If we leave this world impenitent and unbelieving, no shall rise the same in the resurrection morning, and find it had been good for us if we had never been born ' I charge every reader of this paper to remember this, and to make a good use of time regard it as the stuff of which life is made, and never waste it or throw it away Your hours and days and weeks and months and years have at some thing to say to an eternal condition beyond the grave What you sow in life you are sure to reap in a life to come Let us settle it in our minds, that the future misery of those who are finally lest h eternal I his is an awful truth lara aware and flesh and blood naturally shrink from the contemplation of it Jun I am one of those who believe it to be plainly revealed in Scripture, and I dear j not keep it back in the pulpit To my eyes eternal future happiness and eternal future rouory appear to stand side by side. of in to see how you can distinguish the duration of one from the duration of the other. If the joy of the believer is for ever, the sorrow of the un believer is also for ever. If Heaven is eternal, so likewise is hell. I cannot reconcile the non eternity of punishment with the language of the Bible. Its advocates talk loudly about love and charity, and say that it does not har- monise with the merciful and compassionate character of God. But what saith the scripture? Who ever spoke such loving and merciful words as our Lord Jesus Christ ? Yet His are the lips which three times over describe the consequence of impenitence and sin, as "the worm that never dies and the fire that is not quenched." He is the Person who speaks in one sentence of the wicked going away into " everlasting punishment " and the righteous into life eternal." Who does not remember the Apostle Paul's words about charity ? Yet he is the very Apostle who says, the wicked " shall be punished with everlasting de- struction." Who does not know the spirit of love which runs through all St. John's Gospel and Epistles ? Yet the beloved Apostle is the very writer in the New Testament who dwells most strongly, in the book of Revela- tion, on the reality austerity of future woe. What shall we say to these things? As to the doctrine of the annual. tion of the wicked, to which many adhere, it appears to me so utterly irreconcilable with our Lord Jesus Christ's words about " the resurrection of damnation," and the worm that never dies and the fire that is not quenched," that until those words can be proved to form no part of inspired Scripture it seems to me mere waste of time to argue about it. The favourite argument of the advocates of this doctrine, that death, dying, perishing, destruction," and the like, are phrases which can only mean cessation of existence," is so ridiculously weak that it is scarcely worth noticing. Every Bible reader knows that God said to Adam, concerning the forbidden fruit, " in the day thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die' But every well-taught Sunday scholar knows that Adam did not " cease to exist when he broke the commandment. He died spiritually, but he did not cease to be So also St. Peter says of the flood: 'I be world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished. Yet it certainly did not cease to be, and when the water was dried up Noah lived on it again The eternity of future punishment has been held by almost all theologians from the time of the Reformation down to the present day It is a point on which Lutherans, Calvinists and Armimans, Epis orphans, Presbyterians, and Independents have always with a few exceptions, been of one mind Search the writings of the most eminent and learned Reformers, search the works of the Puritans, search the few literary remains of the men who revived English Christianity in the eighteenth century, and, as a rule, you will always get one harmonious answer Within the last few years, no doubt, the son eternity" of future punishment has found several zealous advocates But up to a comparatively modern date, I unhesitatingly assert, that supporters of these views have always been an extremely small minority among orthodox Christians This fact is, at any rate, worth remembering. I do not think I should do my duty if I did not raise a warning voice on this subject, and try to put Christians on their guard Six thousand years ago stn entered into the world by the devils daring falsehood "Ye shall not surely die " At the end of six thousand years the great enemy of mankind is still using his old weapon, and trying to persuade men that they may live and die in sin, and yet at some distant period may be finally saved Let us not be ignorant of his devices Let us walk steadily in the old paths. Let us hold fast the old truth, and believe that as the happiness of the saved is eternal, so also is the misery of the lost Where is the slightest proof that saving faith in Christ's blood can ever begin after death' Where is the need of the Holy Ghost, if sinners are at last to enter Heaven without conversion and renewal of heart' Where can we find the smallest evidence that any one can be born again, and have a new heart if he dies in an unregenerate state' If a man may escape eternal punishment at last, without faith in Christ or sanctification of the Spirit, she is no longer an minute evil, there was no need for coast making an atone mont. Oh, take care what you are doing ' Awake to see things in their true light before it be too late The things you live for now are all temporal and passing away The pleasures, the amusements, the recreations, the merry making, the proves, the earthly callings, which now absorb all your heart, and drink up all your mind, will soon be over They are poor ephemeral things which cannot last ( h, love them not too well, grasp them not too tightly, make them not your idols ! Yon cannot keep them, and you must leave them Seek first the Kingdom of God, and then everything else shall be added to you " Set your affections on things above, not on things on the ear "h " Oh, you that love the world, be wise in time I A ever, never forget that it is written, The world passeth away, and the lust thereof , but he time doeth the will of God abideth for ever The same thought ought to cheer and comfort every true Christian Four trials, crosses, and conflicts are all temporal They will soon have an end, and even now they are working for you " a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory." Take them patiently ; bear them quietly : look upward, forward, onward, and far beyond them. Fight your daily fight under an abiding conviction that it is only for a little time, and that rest is not far off. Carry your daily cross with an abiding recollection that it is one of the " things seen " which are temporal. The cross shall soon be exchanged for a crown, and you shall sit down with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of God, How are you using your time ? Life is short and very uncertain. You never know what a day may bring forth. Business and pleasure, money getting and money-spending, eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage all, all will soon be over and done with for ever. And you, what are you doing for your immortal soul? Are you wasting time, or turning it to good account? Are you preparing to meet God? Where shall you be in eternity? It is coming, coming, coming very fast upon us. You are going, going, going very fast into it. But where will you be? Among the lost or among the saved ? Oh, rest not, rest not till your soul is insured! Make sure work: leave nothing uncertain. It is a fearful thing to die unprepared, and fall into the hands of the living God. Would you be safe for time and eternity ? Then seek Christ, and believe in Him. come to Him just as you are. Seek Him while He may be found, call upon Him while He is near. There is still a throne of grace. It is not too late. Christ waits to be gracious ; He invites you to come to Him, Before the door is shut and the judgment begins, repent, believe, and be saved. Would you be happy? Cling to Christ, and live the life of faith in Him. Abide in Him, and live near to Him. Follow Him with heart and soul and mind and strength, and seek to know Him better every day. so doing you shall have great peace while you pass through " things temporal," and in the midst of a dying world shall "never die." So doing, you shall be able to look forward to things eternal" with; unfailing confidence. 