I l Page from the Future. I jjr HM>n Coieman Davidson, in Tke Idler. I Oas afternoon towards the end of I ntember there came into our office a I nne man who enquired, with some I utioo, whether he oould seethe head I Jftbe firm. For the purpose of this I __ T shall Style the firm.Stubden A I c n merely adding that our business is I Jiiefir a criminal one, arid that we have I teen connected with many celebrated I kb. One of the clerks said that my I ftier was engaged at the moment and I Lked whether I would not do instead. I The yoang man hesitated bot eventnally I |CCI) tQ the suggestion and was shown into my room. I g8 na8 a tall, manly young fellow, I ,bont four- and-twenty, : with a frank; I jotelligeI1 _I ,-eFi His clothes had evidently been I by s fashionable tailor, ritid he had I ffeiy gppearaoce of being wealthy; I Wben be introduced himself em Malcolm I Balderetoue, I knew this was the esse, I Jot I recognised him - as the owner of I estates in varioos parte of the -country, I the most important of them being io I Ciimberlend. I i perhaps I should have got someone I to introduce me,' be -said, speaking In a I nerrons jerky sort of way. . I ' it's not all necessary, Mr. Balder- I (tone,' I replied. ' Will you please I state yonr business F I i Very well. Here goer.' He pulled I himself together and went at it with a I rash. ' Three days ago I came from I Liverpool by tbe mid-day express to I Easton. I bad a small -camera, and on the way I took several snapshots. One of them I took as we were passing through a wood. It was not meant to. be anything in particular. I merely vantsd to see how the trees would come oot Yesterday afternoon I developed the plate. Here it is.' With a move- nest which was almost startling in its nddeoness, be produced it from a small1 case, and thrust it into my hands. 'Don't drop it. Whatever -you do, don't drop it. I wonldn't have it- damaged for a thousand punnds.' The plate showed a conpie of fine oab, with smaller trees between. Be yond them was apparently a path parallel to the railway.- At least, it looked like a path, though ooiy a very email portion of it couid be eeeo. And liaro ctnnf? A pirl and ft m&n.; nensmtiAti by a short distance, the girl failing backwards, the man pointing at her a pistol from which smoke was issuing as if it bad just been discharged. It Was" 1 aboold think, the moat uncanny photo- : graph that haman eyes ever looked opon. The effect was intensified by a peculiar mistiness which I took to he tbe ie8alt of amateurish work. 'This is most extraordinary, Mr. Balderstooe,' I said, looking np at him. 'You seem to have photographed a oorderer, or would-be murderer, in tim very act of committing his crime.' 'Yer, that's extraordinary, I suppose,' be said. ' I mean it would be, but— he stopped to moisten his parched lips — 1 that young lady is my affianced wife.' The announcement was so startliog, io completely unexpected, that I did oot know what to say to it. I dropped over the plate and pretended' to be en- giged io studying it, though T wai in reality trying to collect my thoughts. ' Then yno have had news t' I eaid at length. ' You have had a letter giving information ?' 'No, no, you don't understand. The young lady — Miss Thornton — is not tbere. She never has been there, she csys. She's in Loudon. I'vo just left her.' Balderstooe was certainly sober. I began to suspect meDtal aberration. 'Yon puzzle me more than ever,' I eaid. ' If Miss Thornton has not been at this plac», it is clear that the yonog lady who appears to have been shot at mnet be someone else. So von have no cause for aneasiness.' 'I must express myself very badly,' slid Balderstooe, passing his hand across bis forehead. ' I am a bitfiorried, per haps, but it's so plain to me that I - thought you woald understand it too. There's only one possible explanation. That is a photograph, not of anything that has happened, bat of something that will happen, nnless — nnless I can prevent it. Now yon see why I am so put out.' 'Bnt sorely most unnecessarily. How could such a thiog be !' 1 1 can't say ; I only know it is so. That plate is the proof. Haven't yon heard of people seeing friends who were really far away when some danger threatened them i It often happens in Cumberland. It can't be confined to one county. Don't "coming events cast their shadows before t" 'But, Mr. Balderstooe, have you ever heard of tbe shadows being photo graphed F I smiled as I spoke, bat tire annoyance in his face showed that it would not do to treat the matter lightly. ! So I added more gravely,' ' Well/what is it you want us to do for you f. , ; . ' To trace that man,'— he laid hia finger on the plate— 'and to help me to protect Miss Thornton.' . 1 1 sbonld have thought that a detec tive would have been ofr more rise to you than a lawyer. ; By, Hie rny,. will you answer me onejieBtigjQlijy !»«$; you come to me instead of , going' to yonr own solicitor F 'Because,' — he blushed like a gtrl— ' well, because he would Tangh atme. Tot see, he's such a matter-of-fact old chip. He's good enough at - drawing leases and all that sort of thing; hut, die knows no more about prime than achild. Hot so much, air, by Jove;' said BaldM- tone, with sudden energy. If hefiaB' only a poacher to proseriote, he'e shre to: bungle over it. Think -of tb at 1 Though, mind, I'm not saying bis isn't a cagital old fellow in his own way.' -J J ' . ; . ' After n pabtfe j erid t lYjeJIi 'I; hardly like to adriseyOu:' to enter "ripon' tech a wild hueineeqiqiy cost you a good Aeal x>f%Wney " ; rfc ; J; 'I bank at! rupting me\Jmpi»en®5Sq; apply to them arpri dwieb. ;iH»iqheSr lion is, . unfit Ret gomiMfflft I left nd upon myrTpepSiaamm we would rio(wbj&«ro cbwd OrdiimS He such OB the tfirie of vrriarinng moment. The plate itself he was afraid to trust in my hands. It was arranged that should I want him at any time, I was to telegraph to him and he would come to me at orice. . .. As soon asHie photbgraphe arrived, I ' sent for Baxter, a detective whom we had employLonteveraloocaeiouE. When, lie heard what was wanted of hitb, he roared with laughter. It waB the queer est job, he said, that had ever come his way. He had Once been commissioned to sleep iri a haonted house; hut to track:e ghost by the aid of a photograph —well, that bet everything. I had great difficolfy in impressing upon him the fact that as Balderatone regarded the matter most -seriously fie mnet do the same. 1 - : " 'But where am -I to -'begin,- sir F he asked, wiping his eyes. ' That ia mure than l oan tell yon/ I replied. As the yonng lady supposed tphavebeenphotOgraphedatthatiipot was actnally in Loodon at the time; the man may be anywhere. You must exef- rise yonr own discretion. What yon have to do is to find him.- -Should you recognise, him; from that photograph I Here, take this glass and look at him carefully.' - -.'vi- . Baxter took the magnifying glass I handed him, -and" looked nttfae_ photo graph through if. . " ' 'JYpa/ .he said, eiowfy, ' I sbonld- know him, I think. He -wears knicker bockers aod big Dundreary whiskers, not a nsual combination, aod bless me' — he paused aod suddenly lowered his head—' why, yes, he's holding the pis tol io his left hand. He must be lett- faanded. Gh, I sbonld havo no difflcrilty with him if only Ishonldcome across' him. Bot the yonng : lady is close - at hand — here in London. I .think I'd jnBt like to have a look at iter first. As this idea had not occurred to me, I had not asked Balderstooe for her ad- : dress. However, we found it in the directory, and . when we had 'settled a- few business details, Baxter went off to commence his search for- a man about whom we knew - absolutely nothing — not even whether he bad any existence in the world in fact. He called next day to say that he had seen Miss Thornton. He had watched her leave her house, and had followed her to the Park, where he had had a good opportunity -of observing her with out attracting attention. She was a remarkably handsome girl, he eaid, and nnless he was -mistaken she was rather nighty, but beyond that he kept the result of his observations to himself. He told me that he was starting imme diately for Bestiogbnry, the Btation nearest, -the scene of the photograph, and he would write as soon as he-'hadi anything to communicate. Two days later'! : had the following; letter from him : — Sib, — I have the man, astonishing" as it may seem. He wears knicker bockers and big Dundreary whiskers ; he is left handed ; he is' the same in every respect ; there is no mistaking him. His name is Grimehaw, and he owns most of the land about here. He is a widower, lives by himself in a fine old hoBse, the :Manor ; has been much abroad ; is liberal with his money bat is too cold and reserved to be popular. It is said he has a - secret, bnt thatis always the way with conntry people. If they don't know everything abotit a person's business, there mast be. some thing wrong. I escape this reproach, being, as yon know,- a dealer in corn and taikiog freely about my affairs. ' 1 have visited the scene represented in the photograph. . The representation is exact. I stood on the railway em bankment and saw the two oaks, the other trees, and a glimpse of path be tween. Hearing a train in the distance I walked to the - path and stood jost where the man is standing io the photo graph. Ab the train - passed, I conld hardly eee it not ao much as a whole compartment at a time ; so a man who meant to commit mnrder woold not have stopped for that cause. If " he knew tbe place at alt, he would know that he would never be seen except -by - a miracle. He might even have chosen each- an opportunity sb best for his purpose, if he thought it possible that, someone might be loitering abnut, for the sound of the train would smother 1 the report of bis pistol. ' Of coarse; I do not believe the photo graph represents anything that may, or will happen. If it represents anything st all, it mast be something that has happened, and io that end I em directing my enquiries. Bnt as yet I cannot hear of - any yonng lady, missing from this neighbourhood. I have hopes/however, and already am on friendly " trims with the head - gardener at the Manor. Yon eee, we have tastes in common, inclnding beer, which is uncommonly good here. In a few days I will again. _ Yours obediently,' 'Geo≥ Baxter.' Perhaps I oughttoliave known that there was in existence snch a manes was shown in the photograph. . Yet Batter's letter, saying that he had fonnd hub, rather: startled me. At the same time, it did not help to solve the mys tery — if anything.made it more pozzting. ; Wat Balderstooe wrong in saying that MissTborritpn had not been et Sesting- bnry f That seemed fo bs the 'suppo- Sitrop.1iB9q whidi Baxter .was workings ' %« aweliter "received from "him a'tei<%r«to in these voids : Youijg; lsdy licre tbe image of . Miw ThorntbrC- MoBtbaye a man in town. Am wiring Whittaker.' ' ' -Whittaker ''was another detective who - occaaonally worked in conjarition yritfr Sator-: wlfenlfhe latter Iwented help. wanted"tllpnow,I "conld riot' undristaod.- It eeemed -to- nze -that : helfr«a®»lt ritiie tenb \ri)arii!tibri. A yonrig Tady hbd been shot arid wrhipa wounded hj Mr- Grimshaw.'and Hslder- etone, who hlbqi«pl>ea the ecene toheMiss .fhornimAhegreaHy. fBpeiBl.-Whsifciiwia M.«mplerJr " ' - On that point; therefore, I remained eilent; merely telliog him that an lntel- iigeut detective was at work, and that "we hoped very shortly to" have a foil explanation to offer him. He was dis appointed of course ; be had expected to have tbe whole of the tangled skein unravelled in a single day. Ae he was leaving, I enquired after Miss Thornton. ' I've not seen her for more than a week,' he said. ' She is ill, I am sorry to say.' ' Not worry, I hope ! . Yun have not told her what is disturbing yon V ' I have,' he answered. 'I told heri before 1 trild yon — the- same morning. We had promised to have no secrete from each other, so I wae in honunr bound to do so.' ,'And the news npset herF ' I don't know about upsetting her. It certainly (bade an impression npon her.' A clerk entered the room-rind handed me a telegram. I opened it and said: that it-dome; from Baxter. Itehontents wereso sorprising tbat when I read them" I conld "Scarcely control my features. Here is the message :" "5 Youughidy here was Mies Thornton. She disappeared y esterday. Whittaker sayS she has not returned home; Can yon inquire through Balderstone f . ' Mr. Balderatone,' I said, as eoan as I conld speak with suffirient calmness, ' would you oblige me by going to Miss Thorntoo'8 . parents, and asking to eee her, and then come back hereF I never saw such a change come over anyone as came over bim. at that moment. He had risen to go, aod he seemed suddenly turned into Btone. His face was ghastly white, and although his lips moved, no sonod came from them. ' Bot why F were the first words I canght. ' There's no need for alarm,' I said. ' I merely wish yon to ask her, — I gave the only excoee that ococrred to me— whether she has ever met the man in photograph.' ' Is that a'l !' He stared at me in- : credulously. ' I did ask her . and ehe langhed aod eaid it was impossible to recognise anyone from so small and indistinct a photograph.' ' Then will you tell her he is left- handed. Perhaps that may enable her to identify him 1' Another stare, and he was striding towards the door. He had a hansom waiting outside. I heard him sbont to the .driver. The next moment the han som was going at a furious pace along the street. In less than an hoar he was back again. As soon as he entered the room, I noticed a great difference in him. There was a calmness in his manner which was quite new, bot It was tbe calmnes3 of despair. ' They have been deceiving me,' he said. Miss Thornton has not been ill as they told me ; she has disappeared and tbey don't know what has become of her. She left home over a week ago to visit some friends in. Lincolnshire — that is what they tell me now— bnt she baa never arrived .there. They got a letter this morning to say so, and tbey are telegraphing all over the conntry.' 'Bat why was this kept -from yon F ' Because, 'they say, she wished it.' 'The young lady who promised never to keep from yon a secret F .. ' Don't speak like that, sir,' eaid Bal deratone, sharply. ' You may he quite sure that what she wished was right-. I know that because I know her — you don't. If 1 don't understand," I shall some day. She will tell me. Now, Mr, Stnbden, what do yon propose to do V 1 1 shall leave by tbe -first train for Bestingbnry. If there iB any news, I 1 will telegraph.' - ' Bestingbnry > "Where is that F 'The place in yonr photograph.' He did not sneak a vain ontil I shook hands with" him, rind then, with a ' look of piteons entreaty, he sald : ' May I come with yon F ' I think not, Mr, Balderatone, ' I said. ' Yon see, we don't know where to look for MisB Thornton; Bat I have jast heard ehe ie not at Restingbhry, so yon need not be uneasy on that ..account, London' is the bestplace foryou, it is so central. When definite news - reaches yon, yoa can' start off iri any direction.' I don't think he was - quite satisfied. He seemed about to nrge some reason for accompanying me, hot suddenly checked himself and turned away. For a few moments he lingered, and then went oat veiy quietly, without another word. I could nut help feeling ex ceedingly sorry for him, the more so as X did not know what to apprehend, . Had the strange idea which possessed him taken hold 'also . of .me'f Ferhapa to some-extent it . had. Events which I could not understand were following odb another , in ropM succession,, and were driving me forward, whether I would or not. As Hie man In the' photograph bad been fonndrit the place it .represented, and bs the girl had in some mysterious way gone there too, I thought it possible that there might, be ..some .connection between them, So -far," at any rate; I now believed - in - What ' I previooely regarded -with profound Scepticism. ' It was late st night when l reached Restingbury station:; a little wohAen cabin where I should - imagine railway txasellere.werBseldom seen.so rifemdied vas the sleepy porter when I ; blighted, As lriad-dectded to etay at bhe fon, I naiie iriy way ftere/swd 0 fonnd 'Baiter sitting in solitary gfarideor, with- a. pipe and-ri tankard rif hesTj iu the one .room which was hliotted 'to visitors, / . pi jJStetdid paeiri answiri tp rayqoeritions, that Miss Thornton had -been staying ab agamekeeper'e cottage, Owing :to - the diffiirrilty'rit f ollowing 'hri wi∫ at tracting notice, he. had .jno.tin; Very much of her. Bnt sbe-had sperif : most qfher time io painting in Hie : wood and, so far «i he was awaTe, she -knew ; nffldy-in-the mghWnrhood,_.Me,.WM, positive that she conld nok withont hia knowledgeI.harometMr,rGrim8baw,or anyboe sri'-; JPwo days aghshe had gone foSs. nsualjvAind had-frot returned incejtiuiri. ehe; tad 'Wt "hchn seen. Neiteftp-gamee' potiBwife ' I don't think yon have beeu looking in the right place, I mean to search, tbe wood.' Baxter's tankard came down with a acrash. He rested hie elbows on the table, and stared at me in amazement. 'Sorely to goodness, sir,' he exclaimed, 1 yon don't believe in that photograph !' ' I'll answer that question later,' I said. 'Beliefs, like everything efee, are liable to change. Bot one thing is cei- tain. I am going to the wood, aod 1 wish yon to accompany me.' So, Shortly after eight o'clock next morning, we started for the scene of the photograph. Baxter took me to it -by way of the railway embankment, and from that point of view I had no diffi- colty In recognising it. After remaibiiig there a few minutes we : entered . the. wood, passing between the two oaks and so reaching the part which, a little to the right, plunged into a sea of tall bracken, just, beginning to turn brown. Knowing the spot well, Baxter did not etay tbere long. He showed me where a train conld be seen, and then com menced wadiog through the bracken, bnt snddenly stopped, uttering a cry of alarm. I sprang towards bim, bnt stopped also, for at his feet lay a beauti ful girl, her hloe eyes etaring in horror at the cloudless sky overhead, her, right hand npon her heart, through which, as we afterwards discovered, a bullet had passed, '-Miss Thornton F said Baxter, in an awed voice. 1 Mr. Stribdeo, how do yon explain it F I couldn't then ; I can't now. Alter the lapse of two years I am still nnable to prove by whom the unfortunate girl was murdered. Bnt in my own mind I am convinced that I know the troth, though my conviction rests solely opon a photograph which wae placed in my bauds more than a fortnight before the scene it represents conld have happened . No jory would dream of accepting snch evidence, and I, as a lawyer, feel that I ooght not to accept it either. Yet I can't help myself. One fact has been ascertained -beyond all doubt, that Mr. Grimehaw and Mies Thornton actnally met at Cannes in the previous spring, and were then on the most friendly terms. Bnt after long aod carefol enquiry we have failed to find any evidence that they -ever met in England. Why she made her secret journey to Restiogbmy— whether, re cognising him In the photograph, she wished for some reason to see bim again before her marriage with Balderatone, or whether thai oricanny picture drew her to her doom as a moth is drawn to a candle — in what way she communicated with him, what passed between them, whether the photograph really repre sented the exact manner of her death, and, if so, how euch an extraordinary circumstance cao be explained — npon these and other points there rests a cloud of impenetrable mystery, which is not likely to be lifted until the day when all things are revealed. Mr, Grimshaw still walks erect among his fellows, but in my eyes he is a murderer. Io a large aod handsome building, within thirty miles of London, there is a tall man, still yonng in years, though old in looks, who talks perpetually about a photograph — tbe photograph of a tragedy which, "he tells:yon, isaborit to happen to a beautiful girl, his sffianced wife, unless -he can prevent it: With this object in view he implores the aid of everyone he meets, and he is furiously angry when he ie not allowed to pass outside the gates. For the buildiog is a lunatic asylum, and the man is Malcolm Balderatone." Is this jost 1 If no other world lies beyond the present' one, it cannot he. Bnt all who think otherwise believe that all things that have been, that are, and that will be, are written in tbe Book of Fete, aod by them the . fact that one man was permitted, by some inscrutable means and for some inscrutable reason, a glimpse of one of its pages will be re garded as confirming their belief, with all i tsassnrances, that what seemB wrong here will bs set right hereafter. 