A MODERN PYTHIAS.- r A gtoup of tennis players were lounging under the locust trees in thn campus of a college. ' Tw.had just finished the fifteenth “last gamq otjhe sepeou,” for although November was, near,*tfie’weathor remained like summer. '' “it‘tvas' littlo Ted McNutt'who found bis i brei'tlt'first. aud broke the, silence— 1 . “ HaVe yon got acquainted with the new aoph yet—Fred Hcrson ? Seems to he a genial i “ Genial! ” echoed his nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone. in a tone.of infinite disgust. “What old-fashioned words you use, Mao! phrase him in the modern languages, , can't y*“ Wbv, I mean he isn’t stickisb. He gets acquainted eas.-ly, doesn’t seem a'bit homesick or forlorn, as the new fellows mostly are, aud tskrs his examination like so much fun.” • ■ i- “ You don’t say ! ” ejaculated 1 .ex Small, the ■ champion attilcto of the school, who spent so much time and energy on gymnastic* that little • w as lelt for mathematics “ So,” reasserted McNutt. :' “ Guess I’ll get introduced. He might help me out in trig,” said Let, thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, andfairly shouted when Shirley Dome, ■ the “ pet lamb uf the dock,” as he was called, shoe cd his colours by hoping •* that.the girls ■would not go crazy over him.” , ••They will, 1 know,” spoke up Clifford, “Forlsaw.Flo Barnard talking with him in •‘tire library, and the girls all follow her lead. \- There was a chorus of groans at this, for _those four young men .were .'the adaairalion ot ~J-v - ' diVcu,tree, Blit.rr.russeu at' Iheir private’: ■ meetings. , , , .. . . . ■ . “ In union there is strength—my only axiom, gentlemen',” proclaimed Lex. . “A.fellbwhas mo business coniine into this college two months late,'taking the front seat in our class-rooms aud. in our best girls’ hearts. I propose we .unite in downing this uew and objectionable person, every time, everywhere, and in every possible way !” “Agreed!” they shouted, McNutt adding, “ Let’s begirt right off ! I'll get introduced in order to tiud tire weak points in bis armour.. ■Lex, go and look up bis place in the class books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him in recitation' to morrow, and Shirley look after the soundnesspi •'the girls' hearts.” . So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets And sauntered into the house. ■ '“Thus endeth the fifteenth last- gamo!” exclaimed Lex. " One would think we were ■practising for the- stage, with our numerous ifarewell engsgements. Suppose, for a change, wc turn to our work as investigating committee, and hear the report of members, Mac, first.” Raising himself upon one elbow . McNutt ^ got acquainted with the new man and foundin' was from New York. He didn't say .whether it was the State or City; in fact, he has the knack of making a body talk, so I came away feeling that he knew more about mo than I did of him,; and—that’s all.” ! “ Ho didn’t have a very good lesson this morning,” put m Shirley, “ and ho seemed green to me—staring at every oue who got up tn'reeito.” ' “ Oh,' new ones all do !” objected McNutt. “ One thing I know,” asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amid the shouts of “ Hear,'hear !’■ “ F.o has introduced him to half of the girli already, and I intend giving her my opinion of such forward, unladylike conduct.” “ He hssn’t shown preference for any, so far,” said McNutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds from the grasses around him, “ but it basts me j what a fancy he has lor that stupid Jack Stokes. This is Stokes'second term, you know, and he hasn't half a dozen friends to his name ; yet hr and Harsen -were walking in the' campus, this morning like old cronies.” \- “ Oh,” yawned Clifford, “ we are gossiping ‘ as they do at a ladies'tea party. Let’s have another gamo by way of practice.” had the college walls held a student so popular in so short a space of time. The girls raved over his manliness and good looks, while his ability and joviality won the more reluctaut respect aud good will of the All were amazed, however, that he should form so ardent a friendship with Jack Stokes, a student far from popular among them*/ Hy-and bye they were rooming together,-and .their den became headquarters for all the fuu goiDg. 1 Here it was that the the boys congregated tc plan tboir first sleigh-ride; -chose sides for a golf match; elected their ghost'to attend the girls’ tea party ; held impromptu debates, and wrote essays for ono another. Even Stokes beeame “ illumined with a reflected popularity,” as Lex grumpily called it, and was invited everywhere his comrade was By times he was the life of the company ; but tit was a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsec . into a morbid gloom. Weeks pissed making little change in thr social affairs of ., the • College; one night, however, a strange procession wound its :way through the grounds, aud only the crunching of ice-covered snow broke the stilluess. The bell boy shrieked with terror when he opened the door to receive a . group of men bearing two unconscious bodies. They had gone ont, a lively crew, in a four- horse sleigh ; but through fright or reckless driving the horses had carried them over an embank :inent, with this awful result. Many were cut and bruised, while .Clifford Doone had a leg brokeu, aud jack Stokes was internally injured. ; Soon there was hurrying to-and-fro. and the excitement was for days intense. Clifford’s condition was painful, buthis recovery was only a question of time ; Jack’s life, however, swung in the balance for many days. During that time . Fred scarcely left his side, declaring that he coud do as well as any trained nurse,and that he would give up bis place in class rather than desert his fritnd. The doctor and professor looked at one another in sutprise, one ot them whispering, “ A veritable Damon aud Pylhias case.” He had his own way, as usuaj, night aflei night bamshing the kiud-heartod 'ones who offered to relievo them. :\ After a- day of unusual suffering and tht ^ constant attendance of the doctor; when .Fred was left alone with the sick man, .Tack turned a white face: towards him and said wistfully— . “ Jhe doctor has given me up, have you ?” “No, indeed I was the quick answer, \- “Slill; I would prepare for the worst, Jack Tell me anything that burdens your minds.” ■ “ I 'undwstbud—and I’m not ready tp die, either, for I haven't Jived right, and the inuo cent might suffer because of me. Can you keep a secret? Draw up closer and I will tell you ! He talked long and eagerly til whispers, note Fred saw'his strength was exhausted and hif story nearly done, so he s, id in a' trembling “That will do. Take this and go to sleep.” • And'tthen the medicine had done its work, this “.Pythias "quickly crossed the room, opened a trunk that was' not his, carefully laid its contents on the floor, and finally raised a neatly made fnlso bottom. Ah, (he web we call friendship ! What a frail thing it is ! ^ i Jack did'not. die. As eoou as the doctor? ,would permit the hoys met if 91 for a jubilee, carrying Clifford.in that tbcy.might have their j ' ‘‘heroes’’together. It was a rare occasion, and ^ they were all in high gtee, But when Fred and t Lex reached their own rdom,the former hoisted I himself upon the study table and exclaimed— J i “ It beats mo ! When Jack was thought about e : |to die Fried was dpvptiou devoted, aud upon my f . / honour, between you and me and.tliis table, now • g , Hurt he’? getting well the fellow acts sorry.” l' A " You’re right, Mac,” was the answer. ' “J never saw 6uch an expression on a mortal a face. He couldn’t have looked unliappier if ho were to be hung, and you'd have expected him to be the jollicst one of the crowd. Oh, well, Harsen’s a puzzle wo might as well'give uu first as last, and I'm too sleepy to talk, anyway; so got down, and don’t venture another word to night.” ? '• ... ..... , , Soon be was snoring, a queer little childish snore, and McNutt dropped off with a smile on his face. A week afterword Stoke appeared for the first time io the claes^rootn, Harsen following, and looking far the paler of the two. The professor entered, and was about to begin the recitation when Fred stepped to-the desk, and laying down soma papers said audibly « Will you examine these, and vouch for their correctness l* ** Then, facing Stokes, ht said in a clear voice, “George Stover, ic the name of the law I arrest you on the ebargq of forgery*committed thno years age in Buffalo, New York You havo concealed in your trunk—which is now iu the. handl of the authorities—four thousand thres hundred dollars; brsidts. you have freely confessed thii crirno to me. As a detective ” !throwing oper his cost to show the star), *“ I traced you here, but having to prove your guilt I entered »s t student and became your daily companion This you all know, so there is nothing for m< to add c-xct pt perbsps a few personal word* Feiluw students, it has been a mean part 1 havo played, and the daily deception hai been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, as each.one can see. When-Jack wih sick— especially after he took me.into his confidence s «tnfcif^tiyt!itriifTTmiris^^ “ There was a painful pause, in which no one seemed to breathe,' then he went' ou,— ' •• Had be died then no one should ever' have attached tbo crime to'him, and I tvould have disappeared from this collego os suddenly as ! appeared. Xho sheriff is in the hall. It6 must go.” Jack, who had risen at Fred’s first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice— . •‘It is true. I am guilty. Believe mo, boys, I would rather be serving out mysentence where I belong than here among the innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorse in one': heart, aud perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I come to face death ag.iti, it will not be so bard. Forget, me, one and all. Good ^Xhere were no more lessons learned in college that dsy, aud no laughter for a week. After discussing the matter for the four hundredth time, Shirley Ilcane tnrnodtothe group of girls j and said sharply— I “ And Harsen was married, too. Ho told me ' so at the depot, aud said he hoped the girls • would not cry, but I hope you will, and that it I will bo a lesson to everyone of you! ” • [ 