THE FATAL RING. ' By LUCY HABDT, in the Bradford Observer. Leaning ag&irtst; a doorway, in the approved conventional attitude of a non- dancer, I stood surveying a bail room one winter's evening some years ago. The gay scene now before me was in striking (contrast to those among which my life, for the last year or so, had been passed, for I had but recently returned from an "exploration expedition" into the recesses of Africa, an expedition to which I had been attached in a medical capacity. It was a great change to return to the comforts and luxuries of civilization after my exile, and, as I gazed on the brilliant scene before me, I thought what a different world it was from the tropical jungles in which my time had been passed of late. For long months I, HI--" the rest of my party, had travelled with my life in my hand, on guard against attack from savage beast or yet more savage man. Here all spoke of ease and security. Even the smiling countenances around me were cast in a totally different mould from—hero I suddenly started, for at my side, standing back in the shadow of the passage, I caught sigh t of » man with an expression on his face which, had I.beheld it on the countenance of one of our negro carriers, would have caused me to lay instant hand on my revolver. Men who live among perils beoome singularly watchful of such danger signals; and hero, in' civilized England, upon the countenance' of a gentleman in faultless evening costume, I recognised an expression which 1 had beheld often before in my experiences among the savage tribes—a look of that deadly concentrated hate which is meditating aome swift act of vengeance. Such an expression had swept over the features of one of our native porters before he had brutally murdered one of the Europeans in revenge for same fancied injury. Bat people do not shoot poisoned arrows in civilized drawingrooms ; and as I glanced again on my neighbour he had resumed that placid, semi-bored expression which is characteristic of the guest who- does not dance at a ball. Only for a moment had the man suffered the conventional -mask to slip aside, and the natural savage instinct' to show itself. _ I now surveyed my neighbour with aome interest. He was a strikingly handsome man of some thirty years old, dark-haired, dark-eyed, and with something foreign in his whole appearance. I learned afterwards that his mother had be&n; an Italian. He himielf singularly resembled onoofthose " portraits of a gentleman" by an old Spanish or Italian master, whose dark, handsome,, bat somewhat sinister faces look down upon us in many a picture gallery; faces to be admired and feared rather than trusted. One could imagine a jealous Venetian noble lurking behind a pillar to waylay eome hated rival, with just soca an expression as I noted flitting over my neighbour's face; and, as I followed the direction in which the man had scowled, I perceived it waa the old story, " Cherehez la femme. Moving gracefully .together r amid the mazes of the dance were a lovely girl and a fine-looking young man. It needed little penetration to guess the relationship in which they stood to each other, tbeir loving, happy glances revealing, their secret plainly. A bethrotfaed pair, and the rejected • suitor at my side—the facts were obvious enough. " You've not been introduoed to Clara yet, have you?" ssid a voice beside me, _ and I turned to behold my boat. Jamee Villi ers and I had been fellow-collegians at Oxford, but had seldom met since we left Christchurch. He had settled down on his estate after his father's death, and resided altogether there, with his pretty young sister, who was many years his" junior, while I had been working busily at my profession abroad and at home. Accident had now bronjtfit me into Villier's neighbourhood. I was visiting friends near Wrethaa Hall, James* abode, and my old College chum had hastened to "look me up," and insist upon both I and the family, with whom I was staying, attending die ball, which he was giving in honour of his sister's twenty first birthday. I'had. somewhat'got "out of touch" with civilized festivities, but Villiers would take no denial, and Lattended the ball aa requested. _ VI suppose that beautiful girl in white is your sister? She seems to be the Queen, of the evening," I said, glancing at the young lady whom I had before observed; and the®, AS I looked again on the fair young fane, lighted up with happiness, I added involuntarily, " How lovely she is!" Honest James's face flushed with kindly pride. He adored his young lister. " Well, I've seen worse-looking girls," he remarked, complacently, "but the best of it is that she's better than she's pretty. However, I'm to lose her before long." "Lose her!" "Martindale carries her off in a month or two," said the Squire, nodding his head in the direction of the dancers; ** and I mustn't complain, I suppose, for he's a good fellow, and worthy even of Clara; but the Hall will be a different place without my little girl." " " You will have to get married yourself." J.ames laughed. "Time enough to think about that. It wont be easy to find a woman to fit Clara's gboee, I can tell you. However, I never expected to "keep her very long with me, and, lpdeed, she might have gone away long ago." " I can imagine Miss Villiers has had many admirers." "Admirers, yes, and lovers, too. Why," Jamw lowered his voice, and glanced round; then, finding that the attractions of a cotillon had diverted both dancers and onlookers to the other end of the room, and that we were now alone in the doorway, he added, "Clara had aa excellent offer a year ago from a neigh boor, and a rich man, too—a far better match in a worldly point of view than she's making now—but she wouldn't hear of it, so there's no more to be said." " I fancy I have seen the disappointed suitor here, this evening." . " Likely enough, he is at the ball. It was a bit rough on him, poor fellow, for we'd all known each other from children, and it seems he'd always, in his own mind, settled that Clara was to be his wife. Only, yon see, he settled it without taking her feelings into account, and, when it came to the point, though she liked him as a friend and'a brother —you know what the girls say—she'd no mind to take him in any other capacity. I fancy," and James laughed,' that Clara and Martin' dale"—the.fellow she's going to marry now— came to some sort of. understanding during her first season, in town, but he wouldn't speak definitely until he got his promotion." " Is he the Major Martindale—the V.C. man?" I asked, remembering the gallant act which had lately won this officer his distinction. Villiers nodded. " The same man; and I leave you to guess if Miss Clara is prond of her lover. He is to leave the service after they are married, however. I think he's done enough in the fighting line, and they are going to settle down upon a little property which Martindale in' herited a year ago from an aunt." And you like the marriage?" " Down to the ground," said VillierB emphatically. "The - child couldn't have chosen a better man. Though I'm sorry for poor old Delmont all. the same, for I think Clara's refusal catne as an awful blow to him. He had known her all. her life, you see. and had had quite built upon marrying her. He shut up his place and went abroad for nearly a year after he heard Clara's decision, and he only came back a day or two ago. I really felt a bit awkward about asking him to-night, but it was more awkward to leave him out; and I'm dad to "find," added kindly but unobservant James,- " that Delmont really seems to have entirely got over his own disappointment and taken the news of Clara'a engagement quite in a sensible way." I remembered the looks which I had "beheld the discarded suitor casting at the betrothed couple, and doubted if Mr. Delmont had GO completely got over his refusal; but I made no remark. We were not in savage Africa now, and with whatever malignant sentiments the rejected lover might regard bis_ favoured •rival, he was not likely in civilized, nineteenth, century England, to resort to the open violence practised in earlier days in Europe and at the present time in the Dark Continent. Somewhat weary of my position as onlooker, I retired to a small alcove off the ballroom, where I could seat myself in peace. A large group of palms concealed me from view, and presently a oouple entered the alcove. X recognised my former neighbour and the beautiful girl whom I had been admiring. " This is tho first opportunity I have had of congratulating you. Clara. I suppose, in virtue of our long friendship, I may call you . Clara still—or will Major Martindale object?" said the man, as he placed his fair companion in a seat and opened her fan. The girl blushed vividly, but answered with some spirit:—"Major Martindale will never expect me to forget old friends, Philip." " Ay, friends," remarked the other, rather bitterlv. " 1 had another life dream once"; Clara." Miss Villiers rose to her feet. " I am very sorry for you, Philip,'" she said gently; " sorry that you should have_ set your eart on what you know is unattainable. I could never have given you the love you ask for; even if I had not met Heurv Martindale I could never have been your wife. You will eurely find a better, worthier woman than I make you happy yet." "Clara, one word," said the man, catching her wrist as she. turned to go; "do you love this man whom you are about to marry—do you love him as your own life?" "As I love my own life—and better," mur mured the girl, speaking more to herself than to her questioner. Delmont dropped her hand, and an expres sion so absolutely satanic convulsed hfa features that I was on the point of coming forward, but the girl's eyes were on the ground, her happy thoughts away with her lover, and in another instant Delmont . was oslm again. "I have only one thing more to do, then. Clara— to wish "you both every happiness and prosperity; that is the orthodox phrase, is it not? *sd to request my old playmate to accept little remembranoe from her former friend. procured this trifle when I heard of your engagement." He handed the girl a tiny jeweller's box. Clara opened it and took out an antique gold ring—a device of a tiger's claws, holding a single diamond, which, as far as I could judge, was a stone of great purity and lustre. The girl exclaimed at the beauty of the jewel. "It is nothing—oniva remembrance. The ring itself is an antique. I picked it up at a curiosity shop in Venice, and had the Btone fitted to it. Probably," and a strange smile flitted over Delmont's features, it has been given before, asl give it now." " It is too costly, too beautiful; but I shall value it as the gift of an old friend," said Clara, as she slipped the ring upon her finger—" Ah! ' and the girl gave a sudden cry. : "It was only my awkwardness," she said, smiling; " I scratched my finger a littlo with the pointed claws—it is nothing," but I noticed that a tiny drop of blood had followed the scratch, and the girl pressed her handkerchief to the little wound. " It is nothing to signify, Philip. Why. you have turned as white as a ghost." said | the girl, laughing; and. indeed, Delmont's * face had become perfectly ghastly; but the next moment Villiers entered the alcove with several of tho other guests, and Clara hastened to exhibit her ring to her brother. (To be concluded l'o-marroic.) 