NOVELS. Out of a batch of new novels received from Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Co.. the London puTjliBhera. a etory br Mr. Thomas Heney, entitled 'TkeGirlat Birrell'6,' merits priority of -Attention. It is a contribution to Aus twfliMi literature in more than the sense generally conveyed by that hackneyed phrase, for it is essentially Australian in spirit and coloring. TfaereisBomethingAuBtraiianintiie il»wi1*- *i«^f M»l**nl* 4a AS llDVMIi flO A.«9.tlHv JaBAH: ? and as rough as a bush track. Bat44 The Girl at BirreU'e. is readable in epite of thew-rk- manship; and we may f orgiva the diction in consideration of the fidelity which marks the descriptions of bush life. Mr. Heney has drawn upon his personal ' experience* to portray phases of existence in the Eiverina and on the Paroo, which, as he says in ft note, are 'fading away even from my own recollection.** The plot, which serves as the background for a series of bush sketches as vivid as any ever published, turns upon as simple an incident as could be imagined. The son of a Melbourne merchant prince drifts away from his family, and contracts an unfortunate marriage -with the daughter of the keeper of a bush shanty — 'The Girl at Birrell's;' in fact, Lisszie is young and good-looking1, and in a district where women are few and far between ehe has every advantage in' the pursuit of the noble sport of match-making as it was, and doubtless still is, practised in the remote pastoral districts of Australia. By the capture of George Muirburn, the station overseer, she anticipates not merely escape from uncongenial eurroundings, but the realisation of long cheriBhed dreams of a life of eat* and luxury. For it 8hould be -stated that Lizzie Birrell is the ineainatioa :bf selfishness and heartless ness i and Muirbiim soon has reason to - regret his bargain. But the reader will probably be less interested in the way in which this matrimonial experiment works out than in the various aspects of the bush and its denizens which the author has drawn with a true hund — the shear ing, the sub-tropical storm, the idle Sunday, and the various types that make up society in the 'back blocks,' the bush parson, the Ewagsman, the 'whaler,' the Bhepherd, the alluvial miner, et id genus omne. These are drawn with a bold and convincing, if not always artistic, hand, and the author leaves on the reader's mind an impression that fcmsh life, though it has many trials and drawbacks, has also compensations and reliefs, and cer tainly is not so monotonous and deadly dull as the uninitiated are apt to imagine. 'A Humble Enterprise,' is by another Australian writer, Ada Cambridge. Like other stories by the same author, it is slight in construction and owes its interest mainly to the treatment. A family of girls, their father being dead, decide against their brother to .open a tea-room, and, as generally happens in such cases, the knights who are always within claim of distressed maidens make their ap pearance and deliver them from the perils and discomfort* of the battlefield. The tinale is described with all the writer's power 01 truthful and graceful delineation, and the sensible and winsome Jenny Liddon especially has eo fully won the reader's sympathies that he (or she) cannot help taking pleasure in her good fortune. ' The Beautiful White Devil ' is one of Guy Boothby's Eastern romances in which headlong adventure takes precedence of character drawing. It abounds with astonishing incidents, as, for instance, the stoppage of a mail steamer by a sort of feminine pirate on the China Seas, who, in punishment for his cruelty, trices up a man on the the deck of her yacht, and gives him two dozen lashes. The story almost makes up by its dash And 'go' for its inferiority as a work of art A romince of an equally sensa tional order is Mr .Percy Andreae's 'The Vanished Emperor,' which relates the strange disappearance of the German Kaiser, and his Majesty's return at the very in stant of revolution. It does not pro fess to be more than a fantasy, but the reader's mind is kept in a state of tension until the mystery is dispelled, which is not until the close of the story. It would be unfair to hint at the solution, but it may perhaps be permissible to say that the English Ambassador is justified in his astute guess that there is ' a woman in it.' Mr. Bertram Mitford will increase the reputation he has gained by his South African stories by bis new novel, 'The Expiation of Wynne Palliser,' which records the fate that bofel a man who goes to the Capo to live down a bad marriage. Of course he meets with a young lady, Ethel St. Kerrian, and of course he sets, his affections upon her and she upon him. They save one another's lives over and over again, but one can easily ?Bee that the end in store for both is not of the 'happy ever' after kind. The hero returning to England meets his discarded wife, and is driven back to South Africa, where he joins a Zulu tribe. Ethel again crosses his path, ehe married, and the story has a dismal but powerful climax. The descrip tions of the veldt and of kaffir war fare are excellent, and many of his scenes are not to bo surpassed 'by the best of Rider Haggard's, while he shows that to enthrall the reader's mind it is pot necessary to wholly transgress the bounds of probability. Mr. Fergus Hume, so well known by his 'Mystery of a Hansom Cab,' etill shows in 'The Dwarf's Chamber' his power of exciting curiosity by strange situations and incidents. This is a collection of short stories of varying merit, the most striking being the one which gives its title to the volume. It is the story of a noble family with a secrei which it is neces sary to conceal from the world. It would spoil the reader's pleasure to explain the myBtery or to hint at the culmination, beyond saying that heredity plays a part in the story. Toe other tales are readable, while some, like 'The Dead Man's Diamonds,' are :weirdly horrible. Miss Ethel Turner's new book, 'The Little Duchess,' belonging to the Nautilus series, consists of a number of stories reproduced from the Australian press. It displays the lightness of touch disclosed in the 'Seven little Australians'9 and the companion volumes, and the eame knowledge of child - oharaoter which have caused this writer's stories to rank as classics among their kind. There .is humor in the sketch 'To the city of Baspberry Jam;' and the same quality is Bhown in other delineations of diameter, like that of the doffgie-woman in 'Wilkes of Waterloo,' while the title story exhibits a genuine command over the pathetic ; it is impossible indeed for anyone not -to be tonohed by the fatuity of self-sacrifice in volved in it. After the deluge of sensational fiction vtUoh floods tlie boric, wprjd ill ia refreshing to meet with a writer who is interesting without being unnatural,: and who ib able to bring back fiction to the real life of which it professes to be a copy. Another story in the eame series, 'Tho Rajah's Diamond,*' is written by Mr. M. P. SMel from a plot furnished by Mr. W.T. Stead. It resembles 'The Moonstone' in its main idea — that of a jeweTbringing misfortune upon its possessor, out the subject is treated in such a .way as to permit of recent events being. dragged in, such, for instance, as the wreck of a North German Lloyd steamer, which is obviously suggested by the running down of the Elbe. The story has movement and verve, and parts are exceedingly amnring. A word should be said for the mechanical excellence of this series. The Nautilus volumes are of handy size, and the type, binding, and general design are a model of artistic finish. Two volumes of short stories by a new writer, Francis Prevost— ' On the Verge' and 'Rust of Gold'— show undoubted ability, though the tales are of the fin de siede decadent order of which readers are getting a little weary. They all have a bearing more or less on the seventh commandment, which, the characters are constantly 'on the' verge' of breaking, but never quite go that length. Two of the best tales, 'A Ghost of the Sea' and 'Derelict,' describe the remorse and retribution thai follow from heartless trifling with a woman's affections. The only fault in them-^and it applies to the tales generally— is that they are too much studies in psychology and not sufficiently studies in dram&tio; properties. The reader would prefer that the characters should work out their development by what they say and do, and it is a mistake in art when the author puts himself in the foreground and analyses and discourses upon the feelings of his puppets. It is one thing to look upon a human being Buffering the anguish of per plexity and disappointment, and another thing to be taken to a phrenologist and have the bumps which are affected pointed out to you upon a lay figure. ? 