CHAPTER IH, TEDDY AND NELL It Tra3 not long before Toddy Dawnay began to feel that be had been a victim of misunderstanding all his life. He had never been appreciated as an in teresting companion and a stamp- oolleotor of energy and renown until the present. And he began to see that life had been a failure so far ; a failure whioh bade fair to blossom into a wonderfully successful futuro. It was not as though the admiration was all on Nell’s part, for thon he might have felt doubtful as to Its genuine nature, For he and Miss Hammond had struok up a warm friendship, and were apt to view eaoh other’s notions through roseate spectacles. Hut it was Lord Lsnohester who had sud denly developed a pretty taBte in stamps and seal-collecting, and even in the common or garden habit of butterfly-oatching in the daytime, and moth-hunting by night. Maud Dawnay was growing decidedly hopeful as to her admirer’s intentions. For ho showed no signs of desiring to leave the Hall. And surely the business letters he seemed to write so constantly in the privacy of his room must have something to do with lawyors and settlements. So she wore her bast frooks every day, and smiled more sweetly at Lanchester as the time wore on, and he seemed to have taken root at Dawnay Hall, As none of the Misses Dawnay ever en tered the west wing, where the schoolroom was situated, and where Nell and Teddy slept, they had no ohanoe of discovering where tho truant spent his absent hours, Nell and Teddy appeared demurely at breakfast and lunoh-time ; but as they were generally ignored by the rest of the party, and absolutely unquestioned aa to their doings during the day, they kept Etriot silence as to their friend's visit. The Squire had greeted Mias Hammond with absent kindness; had asked after her health, and hoped Bhe would be happy at Dawnay. Then he had beoome nhsorbed in his own thoughts, and apparently forgot, after a day or two, that the new face at the table be longed to other than one of his own children. Nell was very sorry for him, and lay in wait to do little kindnesses for him, such as mending hiB gloves, or polishing up the knob of his stiok, or seeing that he took his umbrella with him when it was wet. These attentions Mr. Dawnay always received] with muoh surprise and a good deal of nervousness, which touched her to the heart aB she noticed how utterly ontside the Interests and affections of his family he was. The first time that Lord Lanohester was admitted to the inner friendship of the two youngest members of the household was a night or two after Nell’s arrival at Dawnay. He had gone out to smoke an afternoon oigar on the terraoe, a little tired of the irrepressible humour of Kyrle and Hope, and the liveliness of tho three girls. His mood was a melancholy one, and chimed in with the still, starlit night, and the moonless dark of the sky. Away in Dawnay village, under the hill, the lights were twinkling in the cottage windows, and the voice of a woman singing to her child, somewhere out in the stillness, rang baok to him aoross the level plain, The sob of tho sea, three miles away, heating on the surf-worn coast, made a background to the right. And when a clook struok nine, each stroke eohoing dumbly on the edge of the quiet air, he started at tho dlsoord. As he approaohed the garden-gate he became aware that two dark figures were In front of him, stealing aoross the grass. And by the light ef a dark lantern, whioh suddenly flashed an unexpected flare upon Its surroundings, he saw that they were Teddy and Nell Hammond. "Bless the lantern!” growled Teddy, struggling with the Blide. •' I believe it’s gene and pitohed its beastly light right into the drawing-room window, and that horrid Mr. Ivyrle will think we are poaohers. I wish he’d oome ont, and I'd dodge him behind a tree, and whaok him jolly well over his head with my net! ’ Nell’s voioe, babbling over with laaghler, replied : " Oh, what a lovely night-moth he would make, with his pretty moustaohe planed ent on each Bide like wingB ! Come along, Teddy ; don’t laugh so muoh, or you will drop the treaole-tin,’’ The girlB of Lsnchester’s acquaintance were not in the habit ef indulging in suoh harmless " moonlight amusements.” and he oonld not imagine even Maud Dawnay finding pleasure in the pursuit of night flying moths, when there was higher game to be had in the shape of husbands. Ha orept softly after the couple, flinging away his cigar with a sense of exoitement to whioh he had been a Btranger for years. Under a big beeoh-tree they paused; and, while Nell held the lantern, Teddy began to search for mothB oaught in the treacle upon the branohes. It v.'as very absorbing work, and Lan ohester. oreeping nearer, could hear Teddy’s triumphant chuckles as ho bottled hiB speolmens and laid them aside. " Ah, Nell I the bast ghost moth I’ye got yet; and look at this queer fellow wtth hornB and a sort of nose ! What a mercy it’s a still, warm night, and-—” There was a shrill shriek from Miss Hammond ; and, dropping the lantern, she fled inoentinently. Oh, Teddy, a bat—a bat ! I know it was a bat, and it flopped right in my faoe ! Oh ! its little cold paws and its damp wings 1” Lanohester had no time to escape, for she was too quick for him. And, with her hands pressed tightly over her eyeB, she ran straight into his arms, and would have fallen to the ground had he not held her. While Nell lay in his armB, too startled to speak, the young man had time to think what a delightful burden ha held, and his heart beat rapidly as he reflected how willingly he would have held that burden for ever. "Don’t faa frightened, Miss Hammond. It’s only I—Lord Linoheater,” ho said Boothingly. “ It was really an incalculable blesBing that you fell up against me Instead of that stamp, or you might hav8 been badly hurt,” Nell disengaged herself hastily, blushing soarlet. " Whata dreadful evening this has been I” she said savagely. "First of all a bat nearly kills mo ; and then I nearly kill you. Oil, Toddy 11 have orushed Lord Lanchester to powder. Never ask mo to go moth hunting in the dark again,” •' What stupid things girls are !” grum b’ed Teddy, groping for the lantern in the wet grass. "Why, all my life I have wanted a tame bat, and now you have let my only ohanoe go,” But Nell recovered her self-possession, and was thanking the young man for saving her from a bad fall, with such a delioious smile that, even by the faint light of the rekindled lantern, Lanchester felt snre that he had never seen anyone so bowitohing in hiB life before. They were never quite snre how it happened ; but, in five minutes' time, Nell and Lanohester were strolling towards the lake with Teddy skirmishing ahead insearoh ef possible victims. Their now friend had developed suoh amazing knowledge as to flying insects of every desoription, and had promised suoh liberal presents In oonneotlon with their pursuits, that Teddy began to look upon him as a dooided acquisition instead of a "useless swell, like the other chaps that the girls like !" “ Why do we never Bee you at dinner, Miss Hammond ?’’ said the yonDg man abruptly, wishing that there was a moon instead of tho mere faint flaro of Teddy’s lamp and the cold starlight. Every graceful turn ol hor head was so adorable that ho grudged the moment In whioh he disoerned only her faint outline, and not the tremulous ooleur that came and went upon her cheeks, or the laughter lines on her lovely lips, "We meet bo seldom—and surely you could spare us a fow of your evening hours." "Oh, I could spare a great many of them !" laughed Nell, "But poor relations are not usually enoouraged to haant the society of their betters." Lanohester gave an impatient exclam ation. “ Why are rloh people bo ugly and undesirable?” he said. "You made a mistake iu calling yourself poor, M;ss Hammond, when yon are a millionaire In goodness and beauty,” he said enthusiastic ally, and wondered why Nell laid back her head, and laughed till the silent fields rang again, and Teddy oame running back again to hear the fun. After that night Lanohester became their constant oompanlon. Ho knew in what secluded corner Nell and the boy would be sitting in the early afternoon, and the flavour of the sohoelroom toast, bnrnt a little, in Nell’s nnaooustomed fingers, was far sweeter than the drawing room muffin. Lord Lanohester was certainly a olever young man, but he was not olever enough to hoodwink Miss Dawnay oompletely. And it was not long before she hed discovered that there must be some other attraction beside herself in the neighbour hood to keep him lingering on. Hints seemed to be thrown away on Nell, and ooldnesa upon Lord Lanohester. And when she had met a sharp rebuff from the girl’s ready tongue, and had utterly failed to discover the cnlpritB together, she attaokedTeddy one afternoon, Nell was out walking with the Squire, and Lanohester was really writing letters in his own room, so that the coast was clear. The Bohoolroom was not looking as dingy as usual, when Maud stepped aoross the threshold. Teddy turned his red head towards his Bister as she rustled In. “ Nell is out, and I'm busy,” he said ourtly. “So, I see, most oourteona brother," Maud answered, with a nod. " How often does Lord Lanohester come here?" " Just as of ten aa he pleases. So that’s your little game, is it my lady ? Jealous of Nell—ih ? Pretty, sweet little Nell would make a rare good oountesB 1" cried Teddy, blushing Boarlet to the tips of his ears with anger. i “ She won’t be very luoky If she mtrrioB Lord Lmohes^er said Maud darkly . “If you axe really fond of Nell, you will keep her away from him. 