[BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.] CHAPTER XXXIII.- Contilnued. 'Wrotches serve our purpose,' re snarked Howden, with a shrug. 'I am no wretch of yours, Jules Howden !' 'Yet you have served me,' he re torted. 'For the last time,' returned Eugenia. ' The last time after this hour,' an swered Howden, approaching her. 'Eugenia, give me the diamond !' ' My life sooner! Stand back, Jules Howden! I am a woman, but I am dangerous.' 'You were once dangerous to my peace!' laughed Howden, mockingly. 'But you were younger then, Madame Vancourt. 'I was a fool, but that is past,' she returned bitterly, receding as Howden advanced. 'The diamond, my love!' said the latter, with an expression of counten ance that was frightful. 'Never! never ! I will struggle for it while I have life. To obtain it you shall commit murder. You shall have it only at the price I paid for it a horrible, horrible price !' 'I will pay the price, madam, if need be. Do not force me to invade the sacred sanctuary where rests my hope.' His face was menacing and darkly sinister; there was an evil purpose written up it. He sprang upon Euge nia; she pushed him back and strug gled like a lioness. He succeeded in grasping her whiteo throat; his fingers sank unpityingly into the beauteous workmanship. She grew livid, but ·still contended. Howden thrust his other hand into her bosom; his fingers touched the diamond; he felt its hard, unyielding angles, and was exulting in the belief that it was already his, when he felt a sharp, cutting pain in his side. He recoiled with a groan and lost his hold of Eugenia's throat. He saw blood trickling from his side, and a reeking dagger in madam's hand. With a dreadfill imprecation, he caught her wrist and wrenched the instrument away. Her strength failed; she felt faint. Howden struck her and she fell. At that instant he was himself prostrated with a blow. Madam heard him fall, and looking for the cause of his discomfiture, be held Terence standing over him-.ith clenched hand. She shrieked and closed her eyes. ' ?My God ! Is it you, Lavigne !' she murmured. 'Yes, it is I. Heaven willed thatI should live, to see how it punishes crime.' 'The vial! the vial!' gasped Eugenia. 'I deceived you. When I bent over your hand to kiss it, I eniptied its contents into my sleeve; not a drop of its deady virus has touched my lips. That deception has saved your life. Freedom gives me strength. I shall leave this place. I shall hasten to kneel by the lovely clay of Desiree.' ' Assist me to rise,' said madam. 'But speak not that name again. Take your revenge with that dagger, rather.' ' A different fate is in reserve for you! answered Terence, impressively. ' God forbid that I should raise my hand against a crushed and baffled woman. An arm stronger than mine will strike, Madame Vancourt. The voice of Desiree will tell the story of her wrongs to God. What woe, what horror, what remorse are Sbefore you!' 'Traitor! vagabond!' exclaimed Howden faintly. 'And you,' returned Terence, 'are a robber and assassin!' Howden ground his teeth with rage. The young man heard a shuffl ing upon the floor, and looking round beheld the old beggar approaching, leaning upon his staff. Four men in masks followed him. They advanced in solemn silence. The beggar pointed at Howden and Eugenia. le did not speak, but his eyes burned preternatu rally bright. 'Lost!' cried Eugenia, in a voice of hopeless despair. 'Lost,' repeated Howden, and swooned. Two of the men raised him and bore him away; the remaining two offered each an arm to.Eugenia. She shivered and caught up the dagger that lay at her feet. One of the masks arrested her arm before irts point reached her breast. S'Lavigue,' she said, sadly, 'Des tiny is stronger than I. These are the Occult, the Silent, the Terrible ? You are avenged !' CHAPTER XXX?IV. IN WHIOII TERENF. AND DESIREE ISND THE ENOflANTED PALACE.• Howden had a dim consciousness of being conveyed a long distance in a carriage; that his wound was dressed; that a man in a mask sat beside him; that a woman was opposite who looked like Madamo Vancourt; that he was finally lifted from the vehicle and borne into a dark place. Following these circumstances, was a period of insensibility; then he was rational again but weak, suffering much pain in his side. He found himself re clining in a large chair, in a window 4ee? apartment, lighted by waxen ndlee. lPiuturts of a religious char acer hung upon the walls. While he was contemplating them dubiously, and trying to make out his position and how he came there, he heard a hollow voice exclaim: ' God of my fathere ! My box! my box I' Had Jules Howdon been strong and normal, he might have kept fear at a distance; but exhausted as he was from loss of blood, he could not struggle successfully with the demon Terror. Those ominous words fell upon his ears like an accusing voice from the nether world. Was not the Jew dead and gone to his own place ? Had he net joined the great army of ghosts that numbered countless gene rations of men in its ranks? There was a shuffliing sound upon the stone door. He fearod to look up, but could not resist the desire. His eyes sought the cause of the sound, as if by en chantment. He behold the sickly face and bent figure of Levi, the Jew. Howden gasped for breath. For an instant he believed he was dying of horror. 'Perfidious wrotch ! I have come for my box! I cannot rest among the ghosts of my fathers till I have my box.' 'In the name of all fiends, avaunt! Drivelling old phantom, back to your mould!' cried Howden, making a desperate effort to conquer his terror. He was even then too strong to yield to sunerstitious feelings. 'I have come,' screamed the old man,' for my box. Howden was silent a moment, agitated by contending emotions. He answered presently, with a perceptible return of his natural energy and firm ness: ' Pshaw !' there is neither spirit nor angel!. I will not, I cannot succumb to the illusion. I am wounded, per haps dying, but I swear to you, what ever you are, that I have sufficient life in me to scoff at apparition and hobgoblin. This is jugglery !' 'The synagogue! the synagogue!' shrieked the phantom, and laughed horribly. ' Mock on! mock on !' said Howden, hoarsely. 'Man or ghost, you cheated me cursedly! You tricked me even when dying-you left me lead for gold. May you sink deeper into perdition for it!' The phantom laughed that terrible laugh again for a reply. Howden stared at him with starting eyeballs. His head sank back upon his cus hioned chair; he was sick and faint. His unbelief in the supernatural was shaken. 'The guilty conscience witnessed against itself. Robber, swindler, assassin! look up!' The voice of the Jew was greatly changed-it was deep, clear, resonant. Rowden, whose sight had failed for an instant,, obeyed the injunction. He saw his anomalous visitor pluck a gray beard from his face, a wig from his head, and cast off the faded dressing gown which he had worn. A different figure was before Howden-a form tall and commanding, a pale, hand some face, with eyes bright as dia monds. 'Bertoli!' stammered Howden, reel ing in his chair. ' He taketh the wise in their own craftiness !' answered Bertoli, solemnly. ' Bold, bad man! I have tracked you. The hand of the Order isupon you.' 'You-you-were-Levi, the Jew ?T' queried Howden, in a voice scarcely audible. 'I was that miserable Israelite, whom you and your knave Stein in tended-to murder, if death did not come soon enough. Pitiful knave! that coffer cost you much pains.tak ing and bitter disappointment. The wages of your hypocrisy was lead. But this is scarcely worth mentioning in comparison with your other crimes. You have been industrious, Jules Howden, and your perseverance would have honoured a better cause. You were cunning, you wore subtle, but I have presided over a power that overshadowed yours as a cloud overshadows a grain of sand. You worked silently and secretly for a long time; but the hands of the Order reach everywhere, its ears are open, and the footsteps of the Occalt are noiseless. The grand mystery of the diamond, and its pos session by the Montreuils, is known to me. Jules Honden did you ever hear of the Aqua Tofana of Perugia ?' Howden tried to speak, but could not. He was frightfully pale. ' Your accomplice in crime, Madame Eugenia Vancourt has proved more than your equal in intrigue, finesse, and wickedness. I have seen her vic tims dying piecemeal. I sat by the bedside of Montreuil and fought the dreadful poison that had been infused into his blood. They called me Le voisin.' 'Bertoli! Bertoli! you have dragged me down to ruin!' muttered Howden. He groaned and shut his eyes. He felt a slight jar and tremor of the floor. Lifting his leaden lids wearily, he saw a wall of the apartment ascend ing steadily through the ceiling. It went quite up, and re vealed a semicircle of mashed faces upon a raised platform, in front of which was a table draped in black, and at which a man sat with a pen in his hand. Upon the table he observed a goblet, a dagger, and a purse. Jules Howden was before that Secret Order that has influenced the fates of empires, kingdoms, and nations. At opposite-sides of the apartment he saw Lavigno and Madamo Van court, the latter exceedingly' pale but composed. 'Jules Howden,' asked the Grand Master of this august tribunal, 'do you knoy where you are? Look around you.' 'Useless questions!' sneered How den. 'I know well where I am. I am before an association, the power of.which reaches all over the world. It is a gigantic ghost that stalks abroad in all places, to hear, to see all things, to dog, to haunt, to imprison and assassinate !' 'Apostate! liar!' exclaimed the Grand Mlaster. 'The Order is for the good of man; it is the hand of Provi dence seekling out crime and punish ing it. Jules Howdon, you are here to be judged.' 'Who are you? I dispute your, right! There is but one who is supreme in the Brotherhood.' ' And I,' answered the Judge, im pressively, 'am he. I am General of taea Botlherhood of Looela !' As he spoke, he removed his mask, and showed the face of Bertoli. This announcement affected both Howden and Eugenia. 'I knew not this,' said the former. 'I knew that you were high in the order, but not that you stood at the summit of that terrible power. I am here to be judged, and know well what my doom will be. I am weak in the body and suffer great pain from this wound; but as wretched and miserable as my condition is, I curse you anadl your brotherhood. Adjudge me to what fate you will; I will baffle you. The great purpose of my life has failed, and what is failure but death.' Anger lent a momentary flush to Howden's face; he bent' forward in his chair and cast fierc. and vindic tive glances toward the masked and motionless circle before him. 'As for her,' he pointed at Eugenia, 'it gives me great joy to know that she shares my downfall and ruin. False and intriguing woman! had you not betrayed me, this would not have happened.' He gnashed his teeth with rage. 'I had skill, I had perseverance elements of success-but for you, this game would have been successfully played and won. Wretched creature ! see to what you have brought us.' 'This time for reoproaches and re criminations is past,' answered Edge nia, calmly. 'I was true till you cruolly, faithlessly betrayed me. Re member your stolen moonlight meetings with Ursula, the words you whispered in her ears, when you walked in the garden, your vows of love, the promises you made! I was there; I saw, I heard you. Where is she noyv.? Ask the worm, ask the angel of Death !' 'You killed her! you killed her!' cried Howden passionately. 'She died horribly. I loved her. Oh, it was dreadful. ' I shudder to think of it.' ' You shudder, Jules Howden ? No, it cannot be: it is. anger, it is hate, it is anything but pity bor remorse. I might have died a thousand times, and you would not have given my memory a tear. You wished to make me a creature subordinate only to your wishes; I was to be the hand to bring you riches and power. The hand has smitten you; you are in the dust; you will never rise from your humiliation, your shame, your infamy. You have lost your prize, you have lost yourself. The glorious gem that has been the object of your thoughts, hopds, fears, and longings, was snatched from you by me; it never sparkled in your face, its radiance never 'gladdened your eager sight, and never-never will!' fTo be ooltinue?d.) It is the upper and middle classes of Japan who eat rice, the poor being seldomn able to obtain it, their food consisting of the leavings of the rice, stale fish, and fish entrails, whioh are pooked altogether and sold about the streets on stalls. The farmer himself eats barley, corn, millet, and the sweet potato, but rice only on fete days. The Vicar of Warter, neat Pooklingtone, Yorkshire, is (says a Daily .News correspon dent) undergoing a boycott. Ho can obtain no lodgings in the village, and walks daily from a place six miles distant. He haa to not as church cleaner, bell ringer, and lamp trimmer. The rev. gentleman was brought up in the colonies, and he does not mind a bit of eanial work. The cause of the boycott is at present unklnown to the outside world. 