I ANGLICAN CÁTHEDBAX.. TIIK first services of the newly-constituted Cathedral of Grafton, in consequence of Synod enactment, took place on Sunday, and much stateliness was added to the occasion by virtue of the attendance of the Synod members. The procession was formed in the following order :-Choristers, clergy in order ot seniority und status, with the Bishop preceded by the Pastoral Staff, borne by Rev, L. Nye, and the two chaplains, Archdeacons Ross and Flower bringing up the rear. The Litany was beautifully intoned by Arch» deacon Flower, and the Bishop, aided by Arch- deacons Ross, D.D., and Piddington,' impres- sively performed other parts of the service. The clergymen who occupied the first row of seats were the Revs. J. Bate (Woodburn), A, Dallas (South Grafton), W. Dalton (Ballina), R. K. Ewing (Lismore), W. Hugill (Uralla), H. Jobson (Emmaville), W. H. Kemmis, B.A. (Quirindi), A. W. King (Glen Innes), C. G. A. Monro (Bellinger). F. Morrlsh, B.A. (Casino),. F. T. C. Reynolds (Tweed), A. E. Ross, M.A. (Tamworth), H. G. Smith (Tenterfield), J. Smith, M.A. (Bundarra), G. Hawter (Moree). E. Webber (Walgett), W. A. J. Wells (Port Macquarie), and ft. Wilson, B.A. (Warialda). The BISHOP preached the sermon from 1 Cor. xii, 20, "But now they are many mem- bers, yet but one body." His Lordship said that the present gathering was a striking illustration of St. Paul's words. It was, indeed, the great problem of modern political life to differentiate usefully and wisely, and Îet hold the differentiated parts together, aking occasion to pay a passing tribute to the late Slr Henry Parkes and his interest in Federation, the Bishop said that the action of tho law of evolution, with the constant specialisation of the organ for its function, made this a problem increasingly difficult. The work of tho clergy as an order was. more than ever specialised. They. could not be general philanthropists. However broad and generous their sympathies, they were special- ists-men who ought to be men, first and foremost; of one book, teaching, and aim; and the permanent value of their social service depended on their efficiency as special- ists. The same was true of the Church of England herself. She had a specialised work. The idea that her members believed the Grace of God to begin and end with themselves was entirely baseless. They recognised the Chris- tianity of all who loved the Lord in sincerity. Still they claimed to have their own special- ised work, namely, the combination of order with liberty ; the harmonising of Scripture with tradition ; the reconciling of the cor- porate and individual ideas. How, then, did St, Paul, who saw, even in his own day, the Íirogress of differentiation, assert the under ying unity ? In two ways-by dwelling on the mutual interdependence of the members, and by insistance upon the common life. As tomutual interdependence the Bishop pointed out the Illustration of this afforded by clergy and laity acting together in the Churchs legislative bodies. Tile English convocations are entirely clerical, and the system now usually obtaining in the colonies was chiefly owing to the sagacious foresight of Charles Perry, first Bishop of Melbourne. Mutual advantage had accrued from its operation. The clergy were able to furnish a trained knowledge on ecclesiastical questions ; the laity provided a broad, commonsense, and practical business knowledge. So was it in wider Christendom. While we regretted divisions, there was no reason why we should not recognise each other's strong points. The Latin Church afforded order and discipline ; Scottish Presbyterianism, a spirit of Bturdy puritanism in its best sense ; Methodism, the care for the individual soul ; the Salvation Army, heed for work among the outcast or degraded. All these qualities tbey could honor and respect. Mutual interdependence was the thought to save them from pettiness and mutual exclusiveness. After speaking of the common life, ns dependent on the indwel- ling Christ, as a force pulsing through the whole, and giving coherence and intelligence to various activities, the Bishop concluded with a few words of congratulation upon the elevation of Christ Church to the dignity of a properly constituted Cathedral Church. He begged churchmen to make it a bond of union, binding one churchman to another, one parish to another, and one Archdeaconry to another, till they should como nt last to fulfil one common service in the one. House of the ono Lord. The Nicene Creed, Sanctus, and Gloria in the Communion service were sung to Tours' charming setting. Rev. G. Sowter, of Moree, delivered an address to men in the afternoon on "The Christ of daily life." He said we are Christ's, baptized into Him. following Him not only to share His glory, but also to share his work. We owe Him allegiance, and our chiefest obligation and duty is to live nnd labour for Him until His gospel sways the world. The speaker illustrated In many forms how homage could be accomplished to the Supreme Being. An overflowing congregation was attracted to the evening service, which teemed with special interest. We heard it stated by a gentleman of position and much experience, who knows n, good' deni of the Church in Australia, that it was- one of the most uplifting and splendid services he had been present at in tho Oolonics, The Cathedral precentor for tho occasion was Rev, W. A. J. Wells, Vicar of Port Macquarler formerl'y the Archdeacon's colleague in Grafton, Archdeacon Flower preached nn eloquent sermon from 2 Kings ii. 10-22, " And the men of tho city said unto Elisha, behold, I pray thee,.the situation of this city is pleasant, as my Lord seeth; but the water is naught, and the ground barren. And he said bring me a new cruse, and put salt therein; And they brought it to him. ..And he went forth unto the spring of the waters, nnd cast the salt In there, and said, Thus saith the Lord, I have healed these waters f. there shall not be from thence any more death or barren land. So the waters were healed unto this day, according to the saying of Elisha which he spake.". The preacher described the history of Jericho, beautiful for situation and surroundings, by and bye languishing with water no longer wholesome, and fountains ns though poisoned. He took it ns n parable of the field of tho individual human heart, mid the condition of tho human race. Tho calling in of the prophet, the prophet's enlisting of tho nid of others to provide a new cruse, with salt therein, Bpoke of the work of Christ and Christ's agency,. His church, calling for the co-oporation of nil her sons and daughters. The salt, surely, was nothing less than the Holy Ghost; the new cruse suggested tho elasticity of method the Church of God must never be unwilling to utilise, The casting in of the salt by the prophet has its lesson as to the need of energy and work by tho Church. What » witness they had at home of the great revived life lind power of tho Church ? tWhy ? Just because by tho testimony of men Uko Dr. Parker, or Sir Walter Besant, and by, the share in her lifo taken, whether by mon like W. H. Smith or Lord Selbome, or by tens of thousands in obscure positions, to the fact that " the strength of the Church lies in her personal forces." Wo want this ia greater abundance in these colonies too. God increase the number of those, lay or cleric, men or women, lads and girls, whose best energies and powers and Rifts are laid at the Redeemer's feet. Work for the true healing of earth's poisoned waters will be. done by tho Church just as far ns oil its olllcers and members, inspired hy the Holy Spirit with reality in their hearts, havefervenb zeal to serve God and right. The anthem was. Hutton's "O, Holy Ghost," which was ndmir ably sung. We chronicle, with pleasure the marked improvement of the choir (number- ing 50), which Is conspicuously discernible each Sunday. During tho offertory, Mrs. Donaldson gave ft tasteful and expressive rendering of "I know that my Redeemer liveth" (Messiah). Mr. Ohilde's sterling abilities were well ventilated in the two voluntaries-Rossini's "Quia est Homo" and Wagner's " Hymn of War." The Minister fur Works has stated that tho Governmont was going to look the world over to get the heat possible advice to enable them to satisfactorily carry out a great and beneficial system of water conversation, Nenrly tho whole of tho Sydney and other visitors to the Show left on Saturday. "Where did you get that mncliil.ruh, Alf ? " At GliBStin's of course, and only coat H, pcmmî."" 