NOTES OF THE DAY. « (BY "OUTIS.") , Everyone knows that the Public Service Board has undertaken what is generally called "a thank- less task." Not an olilcjal can be retrenched who hasn't got friends capable o£ writing indignant letters to tho nress.-if. not of nuttine un some member of. one or botfi Houses of Parliament to movo the adjournment by way of promoting a free and easy discussion of tho board's policy among other members whoBe influential constitu ents have suffered. But it seems that concern about the reorganisation of tho service doesn't end In Parliament or the columns of the press. : It has reached the pulpit. As sermons are proaobed nowadays on football and cricket mat ches, and other worldly subjects of passing im portance, thero can't bo many objections to poli tical subjects being handled from tho pulpit ex cept the obvious ono that tho preacher is not replied to or catechised like other politicians. Supposing, however, that tho clergyman who so confidently distributed opinions on the proceedings of the board on Sunday could be called upon to explain himself, tho first question — and very likely the lost — that would be asked him would be .Where he gat his information and what he knows , ibout the service. To say that members of a poard or anyone else are "riding roughshod" over men "not less worthy than themselves" is to sake a pretty bold statement, implying that the board is doing Its work improperly and discharg ing officials who ought to be retained in the public service. What is the proof of it? What officials have been retired who should bo retained, and What is the general state of the department they are leaving? Is it under-manned, are the most desirable men being sacrificed, and what evidence supports the charge that the board, being ap pointed for a specified period, is juggernautlng officials for tho fun of the thing? There Is a pretty widespread belief that the board might have gone another way about the nasty business Parliament entrusted It with, but when it comes to charges of "injustice and cruelty," it is time to ask the person who makes them to back them Up with the proofs that are essential to belief in assertions that are in the first place made ir responsibly aud without possibility of contradic tion. The wreckers' spirit has assumed a curious embodiment at Corowa, where it has infected cer tain persons with the purpose of making havoc of tho School of Arts. When a set of account books disappeared from the place It seemed easy enough to explain the nfTalr by connecting It with owners of names figuring on the debit side of the books. But when it camo to wrenching locks off doors and gates, and stuffing up drain pipes, intuitive reasoning failed and tho imagination had to be resorted to. Up to date, the only result appears to bo an interesting but distinctly primary con clusion that someone is doing this to annoy the committee. The police have been called in, but exhaustive inquiry fails to dlscloso anything of a haphazard kind that might be labelled as a clue, and "so far the culprit lias evaded detection." I presume tho police have tho youth of the dis trict, and especially the smaller youth, under close surveillance. This class of mystery is fair ly common in country towns. Sometimes it takes thd form of stonethrowing by a child In a manner that completely obfuscates the police and causes the propagation of spiritual theories as to how the thing is done; sometimes ghost-walking, which shatters the nerves of tho district until some Infant owns up to its nurse at bedtime. The Corowa case, in its effectiveness and mysterious- ness, as well as In its immunity from official dis covery, seems peculiarly ouo of those depreda tions that are so frequently committed upon a scared society in country towns by minors. Tho plan to get a New South Wales judge a scat on the judicial committee of the Privy Council is not going off with the eclat that might be coveted by its best friends. Tho Vic torian Government, upon being asked to concur in it, blandly replied with a suggestion that the subject was possibly one capable of happy treat ment by an Australasian conference. In South Australia there is a feeling in favor of tho ap pointment of a local man, and in other colonies, apparently, a state of general indifference. If thc-y were all agreed, the result would be the appointment of one Australian member of tho Privy Council, who would probably have a good grip on the laws of tho colouy ho came from, and a very casual acquaintance, if any, with tho variegated statutes of the other colonies. In land legislation, for instance, eacli colony has its own complex and subtle set of Acts, which no one professes to completely understand, aud .vthe staggering ramifications of which frequently causo eminent Jurists to lose their bearings. That sort of appointment mightn't he all that would be expected of It In the judicial sense, however effective it could bo made to appear as a sign of the closer welding of tho Erupiro nnd tho drawing taut of tho silken bonds. But is it worth whilo making anyhow? Presently, If the omens are to be trusted, most of the colo nies will bo federated, and one consequence- of that consummation will very probably be tho set ting up of a Federal Supreme Court. Tlion tho Privy Council won't bo a circumstance, to the average litigant at least. Wouldn't it bo better, before making regular connection 'with tho Privy Council, to wait and see whether doing so is going to bo made unnecessary by tho realisa tion Defederation, or, as far as may be necessary, facilitated by the assimilation of colonial laws? Tho inquiry now being made into tho domestic finance of the Victorian Postal Department has disclosed the startling fact that the bill for light ing up tho General Post Office is greatly en larged by the cost of gas for cooking kettles with. sDuring the eight years that electric light has been used, nearly 110,000 has been paid for gas; and for three or four years, according to the secretary and accountant to the department, "the greater portion of tho gas used was em ployed in boiling kettles to make tea for the staff during luncheon hours." Expenditure un der tho head of kettle-boiling has run to about £500 a year, with which sum, at a rough estimate, the department could contract to feed all its city officials iu tho middle of tho day, and have a credit .balance iu hand. The fact is Interesting iu its way, as showing that tho General Post Office staff Is addicted to tea, coffee, and cocoa, and other Inoffensive drinks, Instead of to the disquieting pints of beer that could bo obtained with free lunches at city hotel bars, and ex cept that excess in auythiug Is to be deprecated on general grounds, there Is notbiug specially de plorable in tho circumstance that kottlo drinks have apparently been consumed in enormous quantities. It is also to be ohsorvod that the use of them was confined only to a very few years, and that since things in Molbourno began to brighten up, the boom in tea has faded, as was shown more generally by the lust set of cus toms returns. But tho peculiar ways of tho de partment are not restricted to operations Iu gas. The investigation has produced a number of offi cials who tell astonishing tales of telegraph Hues faultily constructed, untested cables luid, overstocks got in, and disruptions of the tele graph sy3tem through people, stealing tho poles. The whole business, in fact, Is anothor oxamplo of the high-smelling state of Government depart ments that are not periodically given an Indepen dent clearing up. A particularly choice sample of the extremities of wrougheadedneBS Ministerial interference can go to has been added by the Now Zealand Gov ernment to its already largo stock of such pro ductions. Tho form taken by tho latest of its misguided schemes is that of a bill to make pri vate benefit societies harder to keep going. Seve ral large employing firms in tho colony havo formed their laborers into societies of this kind, malting membership compulsory in some cases, and usually adding a handsome managerial bonus to the individual subscriptions. Tho Government, being, possibly, fearful that this Is calculated to bring capital and labor so close together that thero will bo no room for themselves lu between, propose to step iu by Act of Parliament, and de clare that benceforth no employer shall make membership of a private benefit society a condi tion of tho employment by him of any worker; neither shall he dismiss any worker who objects to joining such a society. See how it works put. The private benefit society is an institution ouo would expect a rationally radical Government to encourage, aS tending to strengthen the worldly status of tho employee and make him more Inde pendent of charity. Instead, it is proposed to hamper It, not by regulation and supervision, which would bo reasonable, but by side-tracking the omploycr who wants to teach his people prac tical prudence. As a mere matter of detail the thing Is impossible. A worker who declined to join tho socioty could be discharged for aay num ber of other ostensible re'asous, or refused em ployment in tho same way. Tho employer could burlc tho Government every time if be was dis posed to consider bis employees' welfare most. If not — if ho happened to be a self-sufficient man who was disposed to save the bonus and let tho laborer go his own way — lie would simply throw up tho benefit society sponge, and not bother him self about it. Which Is probably, what the Gov ernment would like best. 