. ? .- ? * ? ^ ? BT the resignation of General BrenBart von Schellendorf, Germany loses the services of one of the greatest military organisers at the disposalof the Kmpire, and, if report speaks truly, ot ner best strategist. The . position which he has 3ust resigned, -or rather from which he has been ousted by an intrigue, he had Oecnpied before, for the old Emperor made him Minister for War in 18&3, and the splendid reorganisation of the German army which took place in 1887 iras almost entirely his work. He is 64, and has written .«nejor two monographs . upon military affairs, 'which are regarded as of the highest authority -and value. ' , ? ' ..:.£-:y~ CONSTERNATION' has lately possessed the souls of all the inmates of the Eoyal Palace at Berlin, for the historical ghost of the Hehen zollerns has once again made her appearance. Her last visit was in 1879, just before little Prince Waldeutar's fatal fall from the Palace window ; although there are rumors -of Countess Anna of Blamniede,— ^ for such is..the lady's name— having visited the Imperial House prior to the deaths -of the Emperors William L. and Frederick. This time she was seen by one of the Court Cha.mbefla.ins in the long corridor, rising up, as it were, from the solid tiled floor. She was clothed in pare white, and wore a wondrously jewelled belt- ona hand rested upon it, the other was upheld in warning. ' Her face looked ominously severe. This time she came empty-handed ; her usual insignia of office has been a bunch of beys. The Chamberlain, greatly alarmed, immediately spread the report, which soon convulsed the entire Palace. The Emperor when told of the affair evinced the utmost composure, merely ordering extra guards to be stationed about the grounds, and cautioning the servants to seize any intruder White Lady or otherwise, whom they found prowling about. . A DIRECT* descendant of Dr. Martin Luther, in the pereon of Johann Friedrich Luther, has just died in Naw York at the age of 90. Johann F. Luther was born on November 2A, 1806, at Asler, near Wetzlar. He learned carpentry md also organ-building and pianoforte-making. Johann made the first grand upright piano, and in New York founded the first pianoforte manu factory. He settled in the States in 1837. There grew up between Johann and his early com panions, Heron Karl Stein-fray and the elder Sohner, a eolid friendship. Friedrich Luther did noifamass wealth, audhad very little to leave his children. He was one of the founders of the oldest German Freemasons' Lodges in New York. ME. JOSEPH MALINS, the Grand Templar, tells some good ' bull ' stories in the ?? Woman's Signal.' One temperance speaker alarmed *n audience by saying, ?* I stand prostrate wfth astonishment;' another declared that it 'was ' The utterance of the silent word that did the most good.' Then there was the picturesque orator, who asked, ' Suppose a modern balloon dropped upon an uninhabited island, what ?would the natives say ?' A builder declared that he was more fitted. for the scaffold than the platform. - THE soil of the ceal region of Indiana is raid -to be ro impregnated with gas that it is positively 'dangerous to light a fire out of doors or to throw a lighted*match or cigar into any hole. An exca vation was recently made for a building, and after having been undisturbed for a day or two, the workmen as they returned to their labor threw some lighted matches into the ditch. An explosion followed, and a small jet- of natural gas showed through a fissure in the earth. AT one time, eaya the 'Chef,' eome 200 or 300 years ago, Italy held the palm for cookery, and the French mocked- at what Montaigne termed le science de guelle. Then came other days, when masters of the art, such as Bechameil, maitre d'Hptel of Louis the Magnficent, and 'Vatel, the famou3*steward of the Prince de Conde, rilled over the aesthetics of the dinner table, ? and when great ladies, even princesses- ' of the ? Royal blood, ana maitresses en titre thought it no Indignity to direct the course of a dish or to themselves to prepare it. The Princess of Soubise invented the puree d'oignone that is even now called after her. The Princess of Conte gave her -name to a peculiar mode of serving a breast of mutton, and Duchess of Mailly, vieing with her, to a special way of dressing a leg of the same viand. The gentle - Louise de la Valliere was a great adept in all culinary lore, and Mflda-np de Maintenon, femme savante as, she was, would henself prepare les cote lettes en papilote for the delectation of her Royal master. In fact, so alarmed was she when Louis XIV. showed a predilection for carre du mouton a la Conte, that ehe called in Pere Lachaise, who in his turn invoked the aid of another priest, with the triumphant result that Canard au Pare Douillet is known historically as having been the dish that, weaned the two susceptible monarch from the. pit fells of the Princess, and fixed him in the paths of. 'virtue by the side of the Widow Scarron. SOME sensation has been caused in Royal circles, lately by the report that the widow of the Duke of Braganza, mother of the present Duke, was bent on entering a convent. The ceremony of taking the veil actually took place amidst great pomp at the Abbey . of Solesmes. Only a few intimate friends were permitted to be present. The Duchess in con nected with moet of the reigning families of Europe through her six handsome daughters. The Pope wrote a special letter of commendation to the Duchess, besides sending his blessing and a very beautiful rosary. IN about a year's time there will be opened the new transatlantic cable, which is intended to connect France with America, the objective points being Brest ana New York. By its means France will be rendered independent of any other lines of communication with the New World. In consideration of this fact, the Government has granted a subvention of about £32,000 a year for a period of thirty years for the laying and re pairing of the line. It will be controlled by the. Government, and its construction is to be purely a national affair, employing only Frenchmen. - WITH reference to artificial gems, Mr. E. W. Streeter, the diamond expert, writes: — For the. last forty years I have, known of diamonds being scientifically produced! About fifteen years ago Mr. J. B. Hannay, of Glasgow, made' a diamond which he submittea at one of lie Royal Society's, meetings; but he admitted to me that when plac ed on the wheel for cutting it crumbled to pieces. Sincp that time several attempts have been made, but no one has yet been successful in manufac turing a diamond of sufficient size to be of any commercial value, and consequently the De .Beers Diamond Mines can well laugh at the diminutive objects produced by man at a fearful cost com pared with those found in Nature's laboratory. The same remarks apply to the ruby, emerald,: turquoise, and other precious gems. Latterly there has come into the market a 'reconstruc- ? ted' ruby and turquoise, but any clever expert in gems can easily distinguish them from the genuine. ?...:: SEVERAL clergymen of ultra-Protestant views who have recently seceded from the Anglican Church, Jf they have not formally joined the Baptist community, . ' have submittea to- ? rebap tism by immersion at the hands of Baptist min isters. The latest addition to this list is the Rev. G. C. Grubb, a well-known mission preacher in the Protestant Church of Ireland. This gen- ? tleman was lately' immersed by the Rev. F. B: Meyer, Dr. Newman Hall's successor in the min istry of Christ's Church, Westminster. -.-?'.- '.'' .. WHAT a ilot of kissing Royal and Imperial -personages get-through (says the .'St. -Jasnes's'). . This is from the account of the proceedings «x the . Vienna Northern - Terminus recently:- --'Tie two Empresses 'had already twice kissed each1 other, and the Tsar haa kissed the hand of the Austrian Empress, whilst the Tsaratsa took af fectionate leave of the Archduchesses. The young Empress was not yet satisfied, but once more approached flier Austrian Majesty .and twice kissed, her again. The two Emperors then -shook bands and- imprinted three kisses on each other's cheeks, like intimate iriends who find it hard to part from one another.' . Trigging js very 'promis- cuous' in Austria, but the Emperors and Em presses seem almost (our contemporary urges). to have exceeded the regular local allowance. , : . NO- ^wer than '8841 shops tn:X*v«iri»dolareAiii -the habit' of doing business. on Sunday morning, exclusive of Mcensetl public- houses. A classifica-; tion Shows that grocers head the list with '355, followed by : tobacconists with 285; milk dealers, 253; butchers; 2X&; barbers, JJ39; and confectioners,;; 221; tailors and' cycle dealers bringins up -the war with S «Mh, \ -*~ . .?' ???????'?._?£*&*?-??-, 