A D E T E C T I V E S R E M I N I S C E N C E S , No. 7. A WIFE'S DEVOTION. Published by arrangement with "Ward, Lock, and Bowdon... . [ALL EIGHTS BEKBBVEP*3 Br B. T. CASBONJ I had got tired of going toBlatkpool for my holidays, and one «ummer;iiow more than twenty years since, X-ventnred to propose that we should try Hie country for once, instead of a crowded bathing-place. "The countryP Why, %• Should be buried alive! If a all very for "you, with your fishing and catting, rabbiting and sparrow-shooting,' to propose the country; but Tin. not-going, and!, that's Very well, then you Trill most certainly stay at home, for I am going to Ingleton, and I shall not stand the extra expense of two separate lodgings." - Maria did not reply; to use a favourite expression of hers, she -was completely labbergasted at. the idea that I should have the courage -to- eay-euch -a-thing-aa. that. -".,.• The subject was :not ^gain mooted .till t had actually-got leave of abs&oe; for three weeks; then I quietly told ftaxia to "get ready for going away next:: day, if jhe wanted an onting that summer. After all, my wife is 'cute Enough to know when it's no use to "-kick " against any of my notions, and on the following morning 6he had everything, ready, like a sensible woman. I hadwritten to -a friend At Ingleton, asking him to mrocure me two furnished rooms, but he had rented for a month a small cottage about throe miles from the town, at so reasonable a figure that I was greatly pleased. My friend, -who WBS.Imayiiereinention, the sergeant of police from a .luge Yorkshire town, on sick leave, met ub at the station with a trap, and drove us to -our new abode. I was sure Maria would have some fault to find with the house, and I was right. " What a dismal, solitary place to live in; I shall tire of it in a week. Bow far is it to the nearest house ?" " Not so far; only -about three hundred 3 yards," replied the sergeant. He did not say that'the nearest home' was''' To Let," or Maria might -bave been • nasty, and bant on going back home. .My friend: had got the larder -well provisioned, in accordance with my request, and after Maria had bad a good "knife and fork tea" she was more cheerful.' -Z a Next morning we were up early, J»ent on a walk up the valley to the Gingle Pol, and as our house was on the way, .we had' not more than "a mile and a half to walk. Maria was not in the - best of Rumour, and when we passed the "neireBtthDuse," and saw that it was empty, her badfpmper showed itself. She point-blank reSted to descend with me into WeathercotejCave, saying that if it were such dr" places I had come "to see, the; would be sll my own. I didn't w selfish, and BO returned bome y- than I had intended.. In: tie walked dqwn to the village, and i; ing the-dresses of -Uie lady visi f " J spent.a "rgood timeJ" " the sergeant. " Ah, Mrs Smart,-X am pleasedyou that yoU will have s. morrow. A lady has taken yours, for a permanency, trouble, poorHbing.and it wo' charity to go and see her some •• Of course - I .will. - Is; furnished?" "" " .' "... I " No; she-brings herown.'I understand. Why, there she is." . He walked forward to meet a lady-like woman, apparently about thirty, who smiled, but BO sadly, that I felt sure she had some secret grief. ' The sergeant brought her forward to ns, saying— " Mrs Grey, let me introduce you to.your nearest neighbours, that is, when you get settled." - ' _ . , " You are a stranger here, Baid i; " nave you come far?" • —' "I was never here before. and-I - nave come from Cumberland. I have been fortunate in obtaining a house at some distance from all others, for I have a nephew, who is morbidly sensitive or strangers, and it is for his Bake X wish to be lonely. He is dumb and his mind is weak, but he is jot an idiot" . " Oh, how sad!" exclaimed Maria; " and is he always with you ?" " AlwayB; there is no one to care for him, or me." *'Where are yon: going-to -stay till yon get settled?" Insked- "Atoneof the hotels; .although it will be expensive," replied Mrs Grey- I looked at Maria, and she guessed what X meant, for Maria is not without brains. - " You can come and stay with - us, and welcome, Mrs Grey; we have two bedrooms mote than we require, and you will also be near your future home." - She expressed her gratitude so warmly that Maria was quite taken with her, and with the aid of a light cart we gother luggage from the station, and -took her home. She stayed with us a week, and before the end of that time a van load of furniture came from Lancaster, and Maria helped her new friend to arrange it. The night before she left to fetch her nephew, aba said at the supper table— " Mrs Smart, you have been very good to a desolate woman. Mid- I .shall ever cherish a deep Reeling of gratitude towards you both. I have aomsthing-to say which will, I greatly fear, offend- you, but I cannot help - it. When I come back, and get into my new house, you must never come to see me; our pleasant intercourse must end here." ., „ . " Not come to see you ? " ®ud Mam, in surprise; " why not ? I was thinking of asking Samuel to let me etaytere a few weeks after he goes back, my health has improved so much sinoe I have been here. " For the sake of my wipbew I must decline all intercourse with every one after he comes. My life belongs whim, my every thought and care. He cannot bear a strange face; it makes him wild with suffering and terror. You must never come to the cottage, and not only- so, you must try to keep others away, so long as you stay here. You will do this for ;my •aks" Maria promised, bnt. aa she told me afterwards, she was Utterly disappointed. She had taken such pleasure in helping Mis Grey to arrange her home. SJid had looked forward to spending matay ddigbtful tours with her. and now she jras.Bhut out—dismissed. . - '7 As for me, Itbought the woman ^vory foolish, it did not Seem to i?e justifiable to devote her whole life to her nephew, to shut herself out from Intercourse, fromoU her friends, for •• child who couldnever appreciate hereseniu»,w for her immolation upon the altar of duly. But Mrs Grey spoke in a tone that did not admit of argument, so Maria,-^ a sensible woman, promised to doas Bhe wishea. " Thank you. Mis Smart ; my life sorrow no one can ever share, no one call ever lighten; only pray for me that mysfcrength may endure as long as the necessity &r; it exists. There will never be any freedom for me but in death." , ...'-*• Kert morning ate la» ^ a ^ ^ weeV pissed by with the cottBge upUheysliey Sndingempty.waitdi^forite^ocnpante. Then one morning, as valley for Vwtfk before -fereatfast,! noticed smoke <joming from ^he ditanney of the cottage,jand.es I R^™"?® pile of p a c ^ ^ ^ e ^ g ^ T w had arrived. As I stopped, the lady herself came to the door and said, " Good morning." "When did yon oome, and how?" I asked. " Maria had been on the look- out for you every day." " We came last night. I could not bring "Willie in the train, he would have been too terrified. We came in a carriage." At that moment a terrible sound, something between -a scream -and a roar, came from the silent house, and without a word, but with a -ghastly face from whioh all light and peace and pleasure had vanished, she flew back into the house. I stood for a few moments wondering what the horrid noise could have been, and presently I heard it again, but it got fainter and then ceased. Wore, these frightful sounds for ever in her ears, and probably still more frightful eights before her eyes ? 1 met her next day in the village. She was walking rapidly, but stopped on seeing me. ". I am pleased to see you out, Mrs Grey," I ssud. " I am obliged to come," she. answered. " I must buy our food; but I am never easy a minute when I am away. I am in constant terror." I told her how pleased Mrs Smart would be to do any errand for ber in the village, if she would call at our "house, and sbe said there were days when she would be glad of; help in that way, whan it' was utterly impossible for her to leave her charge, even if they had not a mouthful to eat in the house; so.I promised her that I would myself go down to the village if Maria could not, every day.* " But I wish/' I said," that you would allow either Maria or I to come to your house every day, if only'to inquire for you." ~ How frightened the poor woman seemed, to be sure! . - " No, Mr .Smart, you must not do that!" and as she'trembled with apprehension I reassured her. • What would you do. Mrs Grey, if you were taken ill? " Oh, Mr Smart, don't hint at the possibilityof such a'thing. I daxe not." " Indeed; I hope you will not, but think what might happen. It ,:is not right, not safe, for your nephew's «ake, and yours." At last she agreed that Maria might go to the cottage every day if she thought proper when Mrs Grey did not come down the valley past our house, and with this I was forced to be content. There ia some mystery about that cottage," I said to myself .on my way home. " But it is nothing dishonourable, of that l am as certain as it . is possible to M without knowing her secret/' . Well, there was no sign of our mysterious friend next day, and after tea Maria set off tip the valley to see her. She left me reading a Liverpool paper, a long account of the capture of a gang of coiners being too interesting to let me 'go part of the way with her, as Maria, hinted she would like me to do. it seemed as though only few minutes had passed when Maria came back, looking 60 'Scared that I gnessed • shS had been startled in a more than, usually serious way. - V Oh. Sam, there is something up there altogether wrong. I«aw nothing of Mrs Grey about the garden, and knocked at the front door, and I suppose she did not hear me, so I knocked harder. Such a fright I -got ! - Something set up such a horrid - scream I thought a madman had got loose. I would have run away, but I seemed paralysed. Then she came to the door, and seemed as much frightened as me.. She said she would hang a cloth out of her bedroom window, when that child had a fit ou him, end if I did not see the signal 1 must return home without seeing her." What do you think of it all, Sam ?" I did not know what to think, and told her so. Somehow or other I began to fancy there was a secret behind'all this mystery, and yet for Mrs Grey's sake I did not care to try to fathom it.. The good people of ngleton, with rail due deference to their feelings, are inveterate goBsips, and the' ladies were soon curious about the new tenants of the cottage. I did my best to keep folks away from the place, and was in the main successful; but some there were, more daring • or more inquisitive, who wished to see for themselves. They knocked at the closed door, and if no -one opened it a louder knock "was sure to invoke the roaring sound that had startled me on the morning of Mrs Grey's arrival, and there was something BO savage, so beastly, so terrifying in the awful sound, that no one had courage to try it again. Even the village boys, the most daring of young Vandals, went past the cottage in their rambles up the valley without attempting to enter the garden gate, and no one in the neighborhood was brave enough to pass it after dark. Unlike most wonders, it did not die out in the conventional nine days; there was so much of mystery, of curiosity, of fear, connected -with tie whole snbject that people could not-forget-or push it aside,-tuid in a neighborhood where every inhabitant was intimately. acquainted with the minutest family affairs and concerns of every one else, where nothing of importance came to crowd the Bose Cottage mystery out of mind, speculation ran rife, and day by day the story grew. Every one seemed a selfconstituted spy upon the poor creature; the fact that she had a secret, and chose to keep it, was a personal injury, and all felt justified in doing their best to force it from her. Knowing our friendship for the lonely woman, and aware that my wife was the only one in whom Mis Grey had reposed any confidence, folks flocked to lis with tales and rumois-tQl Maria was nearly wild with anger. Of course we did not believe any of the half-whispered tales the gossips brought us; but we 'had nothing to urge against them. - One day the village postmaster bntton-holed me as I was passing, and told me that. Mrs Grey received a large number of letters, find a post-office order for S3 every week; -bnt I surprised him by telling him be was liable to get into trouble by telling office secrets. Then the butcher confided to me the strange intelligence that he" Never knew anybody eat so much meat as that delicate little woman at 3tose Cottage. Why sbe buys twice as much as you, Mr Smart!" But my '.holiday expired, and X was obliged io return home. Maria decided to. stay for a month or six weeks longer, and promised to keep me well-informed as to the welfare of our friend/for whom my wife had concaved a strong feeling of regard. Maria, contrary to her usual-custom, wrote me -long letters, full of news about Mrs Grey, and I will give the purport of them, Maria'being too prone to xamblefromber subject. ; \- " Sometimes." said my wife, "as I pass her gate in the morning.'Mxs Grey comes out, and talks to me for a few minutes, but always with one ; ear towards the bouse, listening. Now and then she seems more peaceful and.jbright,-thoogh the shadow never leaves Jxer. sweet ..face, and the frightened look never dies out of her eyes. At other times sheiookB so weak and worn that At almost seems as if a puff of wind would carry ber away. I don't believe she is more than thirty, but she is beginning to look «fty, and ber hair is sprinkled with grey. I tell ber she is killing hereelf; andVta^reminded her that little .Millie would be left to the world's jnierey if she ehonld die. But it is all breath wasted. Shevaysthere Is nothing else |to^be done— that she must do her duty as long as Bl>e can. trusting that God wjll take care of .the boy when her work is ended;. One-day she •came to me with a fcandkerphief^isd round her bead, and said she bad a besdache; but as we stood together! saw a tiny drop of blood show through the linan. and l made ber take it off. She resisted, saying -it was nothingshe had Jallen Hown, and bit her bead against a sharp corner. But when' she removed the bandage l iaw a long, ugly cut on her temple, anS a large discolored bruise beside it. She tried to laugh it ott, and said it wouldreoon be #U right. Going down to market one morning earlier than usual I met her, accompanied by her boy, and strange as you will think it, there does not seem the least bit of shyness about him,. He is a lovely child, and I don't wonder that his aunt is devoted to him. But how she can say he is Bhy beats me altogether." This part of one of Maria's letters deepened the mystery. Was it possible the cottage-had another inmate besides Mrs Grey and the boy P That would account for the consumption of meat, aud for her desire to keep folks away. If this was the solution of the mystery, the other inmate must be an adult; could it be her husband ? Maria stayed'at Ingleton till the end of October, when the weather became too oold for her, and Bhe came home. But she corresponded regularly with Mrs Grey, who seemed to have got into smoother water after the departure of the Bummer visitors from the neighborhood, the village people having tired of gossip and conjeoture about the inmates of the cottage. Summer came round again, and Maria eagerly looked forward to a meeting with her friend. I never knew my wife to be taken with any one before. May was scarcely A ere she wanted to be ofE, and I managed to^bt .three days' leave to take ber to her summer residence. It was a lovely morning, the first after our arrival, when we started up the vallsy, to call on Mrs Grey, Maria being fullof the anticipations aroused by the^xpectsd meeting. But on reaching the cottage we found the. windows closed, and everything as silent as the grave. . '" ' " Shall 1 knock ? " I said to Maria. . "Better not; she knew we were coming, and the signal would bave been out of t£e window if she were at liberty.to come to us. We will come again after dinner." I agreed, but feeling a presentiment that something was wrong, decided to enter the cottage if no response to our fummons were then obtained. . Before dinner I walked down to -the village, and was startled by the butcher,, as I passed , his. shop,coming to:the door and telling me that-Mrs Grey had not been there sinoe Saturday. It was now Wednesday; four days had elapsed since she bad beemseen in the village, and I went-back to Maria, fading more disposed than-ever-to think that all was not right. At three o'clock we set out, and twBnty minutes ' easy walking took us 46 -the. cottage. Hooked as-eagerlyafetfaria for signs of life/but there were aona-'Iknooked loudly ; at the -door, butthere waa nowi spouse. -Going round to'the back, ; Ifound the kitchen-window partly open,«nd^gofr in;-opening the doortoiot in •'Maria.' - All was silent.and she clung to my arm, trembling, likealeaf. "Something-has happeneaiSaml ^Where can Mrs Grey be ? " I did not care to speak aloud; thinking that "awful roar would follow; -a-noise-thatr I knew long ago did not- prooeed"from the throat of little Willie.' There was no sign of either Mrs Grey or theuhild downstairs, and, Maria following timidly in'my wake, I went, upstairs. The first door we came to I • opened. It was, 'or rather had been, Mrs Grey's bedroom.. Uponber chair lay her mantle, and ber little black hat; on a'table was her workibSsket; with aooat of Willie's she had.beien mending. But the bed bad not been slept in; it -was. as neat and smooth as when she' made it. £ called Maria's-attention to it, and. she. turned white as a ghost, (she believes in ghostB; f don't), and she nodded jwithout speaking; die was too-much frightened. Maria,"-I said,-" I-begin to- ifear that either something very serionBibas> hap«a pened.and we shall find .evidenoeTofc it rin one of the other two ^bedrooirayi- or iithe whole family has slipped away -as quietly as they came among us, and we shall never hear anything more of them." I'll never believe that!" said Maria, in a whisper. " She would have left me some word; she knew I could be trusted. She must be in the bouse." WelC we will see; but I wish you had not come." A faint -warning cry reached our ears as I spoke; it came from the next room. " That is Willie," said Maria. Softly and gently I opened the door. "My God'."cried Maria. She had caught sight of her friend, lying at full length on the carpet. "Stand back, Maria, this is no sight for you." But she bad also seen a little convulsed figure, rigid and foaming at the mouth; it was the boy, and lifting him in her arms she''carried him'downstairs. The room bore witness to a fearful struggle, the windowsash was .tonrand smashed, chairs and dther furniture broken, while bloodstains^were everywhere—on the floor undruinBd ifurniture, on the wallssndwindow. Mrs Grey bad been murdered by the - man she-4iad'<ahidded—that -was - now my opinion. Taking the child with us, we hurried down the valley,-and being overtaken by a farmer going to'the village I sent a message~to the police. " The-poor child seems dying offright," said -Maria. " He must have witnessed the whole horrible sight." Hie was conscious, but would not open his eyes, and quivered and trembled in a pitiable way at every sound and movement. Maria, although sbe has never had any children of her own, gently rocked and petted him until he grew quieter. The sergeant of police called on me on his way up to ithe cattage.iand .together we searched the house. Not the slightest clue to the mystery of the presence of a man in the house could we find. What had become dt all the letters she had received ? Had the murderer destroyed them, and removed every vestige of evidence that might bring him to justice p In a. drawer in her worktable, pushed behind, and evidently not seen, was one brief letter, written in a m—In manly, handsome lian^uuna hand h&llil; to tn "Dear " H(MIP Alice,' Allflfl and signed, " Your loving husband, James Baker." H that was ber name, Grey must" have been an assumed name. Not a farthing in money was found either in the possession of the victim, or in the house; he had evidently taken it with him in his flight, and as the alternative to a funeral at the expense of the parish, Maria had urged me to find the money. I Had agreed to do thiB, and had given orders to the local undertaker, when a letter containing a £10 ;note was received by the Sergeant, the sender not giving his or her name. I guessed it was the same friend or relative as had sent Mrs Grey the postoffice order for £3 every week. The inquest resulted in a verdict of "Wilful murder against some person unknown," and there bong not the slightest clue to him, there seemed little chance of his being brought to justice. Maria and I followed the poor woman to the grave. As Hooked upon ber face for the last time I mentally registered a vow to track her murderer, if possible. Her thin, toil-worn hands were clasped upon her quiet breast; the sad, pale face, for all its sunken lines, wore a calm and peaceful look. Her release had come, her burden was lifted; her mission was ended, and at last she could rest. Under the soft waves of her hair, which had grown nearly white since the previous autumn, was a terrible wound, ber deathblow.. •' , Full descriptions of mother and child were given in the papers, 'if by chance ber friends might recognise ber and bommuni- Icate with us; but all our^inquiries were fruitless. She appeared-as .unknown and friendless as if she had fallen from the clouds. • Ten days after she was bnried the child she had loved so well followed-ber. He clung to Maria passionately, never letting ber out of "his- eight when awake, "and nearly going into convulsions if any one else approached or touched .him, but the frail body grew daily weator.and when the -little life went out we aU wjoioea that be 'too had found rest. . I felt sure that Willie was' Mis Grey's own child; she had haid some powerful motive for. saying he was her nephew. " . . Maria *lid not wish j to stay at Ingleton after this.but before going home 'I'went to the cott≥, alone,\to have another search. I don't-know what' ^prompted .me to do this,-for the sergeant«jid I-h&d;'twice-ransackBdaeveiy room, and-found nothing. 1 The furmtura regained unmolested ; the landlord claimed itfor-rant be declared to be«wing,*ndte'h»dtried-to let-ths -cot-* tage-as afamiahed ^ebideaae for «ummor visitorsy butn0"0i»*ured t* Iive4fcere.-.- j Again •I*tttrned"*nrer«very>TOom, every' ' sxticlerajid wasfpomg- away disappointed when 1 caught -sight'of the- comer of a piece'of paper "at the edge of' the carpet, near the -•fireplace. '< Fulling it out, 1 found it was a'letter; whioh ran-as-follows:— " SEAS SISTER;-—! -bave- succeeded in getting'the money-you require, and -herewith send it-to you^ hoping -your -husband will continue to improve. --But do conside the risk-you .run in trying-to leave-the country:* I knowyour present 'life must be "very miserable ;"alwayE bannted- bythefear"Hiatyourhus!bandigtndii^-place -maybe discovered. ''Thedetedtivea- havie not iu thelefist relaxed <Jwfe-*>igilance, for mot a Bingle taiJe-'etraiiger^Domes-diew)tinperceived."Path6r iBusbitter as ever,-and if. hB"-evenf«iioi6d ; yoatnew where-James was he-would stop ymstr allowance.- 'i ehsll-be in great suspense until'I read the^flews*«f> your safe'«mral in .America.i^IM-eonld only 'persuade youl^-ieawihe i ouur who has made your-life annsery.--.- De-think of aU-you-ure giving Hp T fiw'a Trantwho doee nbt care a jot for -your. But'there, Alioe, I db nofc -wish -to grieve' you; for we may never meet again. '- It".is<-sear]y six, and {father- will be here- ; directly. ' -Good-bye, dear sister. May God keep you wherever ?you go. Your loving sister, KATB." . It was exactly as'". I-ihadt«xpeoited.' The -murdered woman bad paid-the penalty of devotion to a villain.with her life. What crime -had he*committed F I could not -remember-any James-Baker in onr Qazetie for any serious offence. Was that his real -name ? - There was no address at the" top of the letter, nor * any envelope to show the ^postmark; There was no-date even on the; letter, showing that the-greatest ppsaible precautions -had been token to prevent discovery. \- On-arriving atiome I searched the back TOimbexg of -the tfasette, and at last hit upon likely'< case. Some weakB before Mrs Grey came to Ingleton a heavy forgery had been committedjpy the -oaahier of a branch bank in one of the outlying suburbs' of the •Metropolis. The forger had absconded, •and was supposed to have escaped from the' oOuntry. -But .the man's name -was not Baker^ it was James Adamson. I lost no time in- seeing our chief, after reaching- home, and, as -1 ."expected,' he -packed me off to "London to tell all I knew to the-Scotland Yard authorities^" There 1' learnt who - Mrs. Grey really was^-the; daughter of a manager of the'bankwhSre^ James Ajdamson was af first a clerk. She had-been attracted •bytiirhflJidBOme face, and been persuaded by him -to.agree'to a secret marriage. She continued to' reside at home, where ber husband Wrote her letters, -signing himself 1 -jjamea Baker: Three months had not elapsed-after her marriage when the forgery was committed, 'and then the young wife-left her home to fly the country .with her busband. The fear "of detefttion'Seems-to have touched his brain,l-said 1 -Kate. Millard to me, at an interview I contrived to obtain with her. "But he was nd'jibuger mad -when,he murdered pbor Alieerand were I a- man, I would track him,"if he is on earth." It was Sate wbo had sent the £10 note to defray ithe funeral expenaes'of ber sister. She dared not 'openly acknowledge her relationship to the 'murdered woman. Notwithstanding the-increased vigilance of the detectives, not-the slightest trace could be obtained of-thfe fugitive, and -bad it not been-for Maria, Z«hould'ialame have forgotten the affair. ' Eight.yearahadelapsad,aadiyen Maria seldom mentioned Ka Grey. <<UBE^t when we~started for our annual-holiday J 'then she would- i'.wonder. if wear© to bave an adventure this year." Bver since that notable year-at -Ingleton Maria and I went to a fresh place erery year. -This year we had decided to try the Devonshire coast, Maria's mother having been a native of that country. I fixed upon Bude as our head-quarters, and we greatly enjoyed our brief sojourn-in that old-fashioned fishing village. -One fine day J^aet off for a'walk to Hols worthy, a- omall town about eight miles inland. I had been told there was a fine old church there,and I have always had a liking for ancient .buildings."- When I reached the little sleepy town, the boys were pouring-out of- theaehool,-«nd turning into the -churchyard I was followed by the schoolmaster, a grave, sad-looking man, whoee face indicated tint the cares'of this world were not unknown to him. 4 '.. He unlocked -the-church door, and t followed him inside. I was 4n^hopes 'he would act' as guide, and tell me the biatory of some of the marble and brass tablets «n the-waMs,. but he went straight to the organ, and began playing; '.Never in my life have 1 heard -Vital-Spark " played as be t>layed it. Presently be < began it -again, and accompanied himself in a rich tenor 'voice. Just -B8.-he finished, a boy entered the' church, and-stood listening. Hell play the 'Dead March' next," whispered Hie boy. " He comes here every day at noon/and always plays the same two things." The boy was -right The solemn tones of the funeral-dirge rolled-.through "the church, and the capabilities of the' organ were shown to the-utmos^ Then " the - schoolmaster came "out 'as silently- as he had entered. ~He walked with his head, down, and iifl eyes" fixed upon the floor, And ^did.not > seem to. see either the boyror me. But he left thekeyB in the door. "He knows I shall lock the .u^ta-: feyther*e parish clerk," jsaid -the boy. " -' I weot to the SolBworthy Arms .to 'dine, aad' over somediam-and eggs - asked 'tho landlord a few questions about the schoolmaster. Yes, he is rather queer, bnt we are "all used to-him,-now. --He is a capital teacherjl gives -all his -mind lo the children, via brings them on wonderful. * - He's music mad: never so happy, if be can be happy, aa when he is at the -orgaat.—Polks think he applied for the school so aa to get to the organ whensAet'tikedJf fHeseame here about seven or eight years "since, and stayed with me for a month. Then he took' lodgings -with-a^tailor im 4be"-towa, till the 'old schoolmaster diwl;-"ana j iie i got theplace." I had- told Maria that I *might aot fce back;atBude'that'nigfat,Hana-'in the-evening again wandered into *the cburchrtiearing the organ as I passed. • " Strange !"'Ithought;'""that he-rfronld be so fona of those "two pieces.-" '< Vital Spark," but with* female voice now •join, ing in the duet, echoedthrongh- thethurch. a I waited till I heard them move, and then, not wishing to be thought rude; went out. At supper I. asked' iny landlord if the schoolmaster bad a' sister' of other'femals • relative residing "with bim. "No; but I can guess'."whyyuu asfc' You.hrard himsinging wlth"3?anny Ijoder: • They are sweethearts, and will get married some day. Her father has ' hinted that there is no need to put. it off any longer, for they've been courting four years, but Mr Fenton doesn't seem lin muoh of a hurry." _ . Before six next morning I w«s fishing m the Torridge. having been told that the river was well worth a trial. I had taken a book with me to while away the time, not being an adept with tbe fly. I had caught four finetrout, and was my bait when I heard a splashnot far -offfand in another . moment saw a mam •struggling in the river. There had been -heavy rain a few days previous, and the stream was full. I saw at onoe that the man could not swim, aad throwing off my coat and boots, 1 ran some distance ahead, audi than plunged -in. A swirl caused by/»bend in tte river brought himlneai"mvmde the bank,.and I-had little'' sohoolmaster 1 his struggles had exhausted him, and it was with great difficulty J got bim landed, the bankbeing-rather high. For several minutes heiay insensibleon-tbe grass,- but fortunately I had brought my brandy fiask with me; and'a draught from' that revived him. 'When he opened bis eyes, beseemed so frightened that! fancied be must have his eountenance^p^ired* to be convulsed; ! with some strange horror,-and'be trembledlike amanloncesawbungui'SirkdaleGaol. " Come, Mr Fenton, you must get home aa quick' as you can,- and change your clothes," and I helped him up. Leaning heavily on my arm, and still trembling, we walked slowly to Holsworthy, and having given' him into the care of the old woman who kept house for hi™, I went back for my rod, which I had left on the river bank.. Having got it, I thought 1 might as well take that of the schoolmaster, otherwise it might disappear. But there was no sign of any rod; it had probably fallen into the water with its owner. I was retracing my steps when I spied -a -small book in the grass. It proved to be a copy of Shelley's Poems: On the' fly-leaf were the following verses:— " Thou'rt gone, dear wife, and I-am left. r Without thy love to cheer me; •Earth teems of nil its joys bereft. Now thou no more-are near me. Thou'rt gone, and yet thou liVat enshrined Where Death caitne'er efface thee; Around my heart-strings fondly twined There I can ever trace thee. Oft in the -visions of the night Enraptured, I behold thee; And though thou -Beem'st an angel bright, To my heart again I fold-thee. Oh, may thy spirit, pure and blest, Through life thus guard and guide me; And when in slumber sweet I rest. Dearest, then watch beside me." Opposite to the lines quoted, on the inside cover of the book, a name had been scratched out. I always carry with me a small pocket magnifying glass, and after some trouble I made out the name, and was thereby much excited. For the name was "" Alice Millard." Fool that I was not to have suspected it before! This schoolmaster, Mr Charles Fenton, was really James Adamson, the murderer of his angel wife, the woman who had endured a martyrdom for his sake. -Her sister had told me of his musical gifts, and also that he had been trained as a schoolmaster, but not liking the profession had got a clerkship in a boiik. Kate Millard had no photo of the forger to assist me in tracking him, but she had described bim, and but that Ida dark brown hair-bad turned grey; the description was sufficiently accurate to make me sure that I had run the murderer to earth. But I would make sure before committing myself. The little echoolhouse was within the school walls, .and thither I went. - « Mr Fenton is too ill, and cannot see anybody," said the old woman, -but before I could say anything he came to the door. "Come in, sir; 1 have to thank you for saving my life. I could almost wish you had not succeeded." Was it intended suicide, and not an accident ?" I asked myself. " I have brought a book that you left on the grass, Mr Adamson." He jumped up from his chair, glaring at me like a madman. My name is not Adamson," ^be said, in a hoarse whisper. " It was eight years since, when you lived near Ingleton," I replied quietly. " Then it has come at Ust! The horrid vision 1 saw this morning when I thought myself dying was prophetic! Oh, God! pity me!" For a few moments -he sat still, bis head bowed almost to his knees; then he looked up,- and boldly met my gaze. " I canrgmssB whyyoware -'here, but-be— fore yon- take'me' owaylisten- to mystory.- It is true that I killed the best wife man everted; butas^God is ihyjndge I did-not know it till some '•weekBiafterwarda. - If . she •were lhring*he--<wou]d l <tett*-yira4faai I had fciief^mtervala> of^aniiy.^ ^ifc-was «'inone of these - '1 saw you, r near -the cottage ^in "the"'Doe--Valley. I know nothing-'of-ho>w i tbe ; deed 'waB-adone. • - It<-is possible'I-sawAlioe^wSth themoney I-had in my possesion-whfen' H-ound myself next morning lying *wet and beld on the fell.. I was then sane, and determined to " escape out of England.' But ifr-waS 'fated*otherwise. Everytime I went near a- seaport my madness returned, end at last-I gave it up in despair. - It is o wo»der*hat'^ir »iy wanderings -*>ver" the coontsy 'l w*s->*ot takfen.'but-tire hafid'of God was'-in'-it.^ I would cheerfully have laid down my iife for 'Alice," and' she 'knew-tthat.' - cNofching else would have reconciled her to the' Sfe sfae~faad to-ttvePWtth 'mtf-sftJer^wyfligfat from- Tumdon/' But if you -wefre insane" wiKtt^wtenyou left the . cottpge, how do you know* what you did-tb'yomrwffe''?" " r read-it the wiM*i)f ^ at Manchester." • •* Doyou inttw-thattte^liM " Yes, ttiatl-ieaxttt from a 'cewnpepSi-.f-s What "wais'Hxj MoT" "Give Mm- Up-Jto justice, and-Beft him ooiiBigned'to a uiiuii- -nal lunatic "ttsyium 4b^"tl^e•'"^est•'•%f-* 1 b5S , life'?: I hesitated to"flo this:' The-Tflsab' was now living - respectably,* fttTfnHing-^a position for whifcilie was emintetftly fitted f his "remorse would" only terminate" with' his life, and the J)UQiiimentrwas- suffidently severe. • "Mr Fenton, are -you*going "to"rttatty tjiatgiil with whom your namb'iB asBodA'' ted?" " " I dare not; she is gentle'Snd'g6od,ali9' wonderfully like- my lrat Alice -in her "dis 1 -" position, but -no, no—H dare*^btr*do:- > vdiiit h«r father wiflhea." '' Then- I' i war bid!you gObaJbye^saifl 1 * 1 lose. " You will not betray me?? hS- Sai<f-in astonishment. • "No> you areaaf®—for<me." ' T turned'as I reached' tha door';" be- .Vaa on his knees by the side "of liia"ohair. . I \- A week afterwards I.again. walked ftver to Holsworthy, and to my first question about the schoolmaster was ibid'that he' had died that "morning. " 1 Hiff tall into the river had biouglili^iE'ju Jeter, and before delirium ^ebin h« erwntad a promise from fannyfioder ^w'ttitMfecfe 4»t his deaf housekeepeiashould nurse him, aad <Utus-no. <me.4n H0laR0ithy J<>ecfune acquainted 'withrbis -secret, n I -vroifceio: K-^-MUlm^giTgng Kcrfnl) .fjujjrnlimi his defctfanaad «he>said'-I Aad done-cight.iU' fteaving^^umfiinmeleBted^ If-JThad-only, bnrnt- -her -letters. Maria would nevec-barve known -of my-detection of .Adamson, Md of the«itent«if bis 1'wifelB devotion." 