A WAG Eli FOR DIAMONDS. 44 Docs Signora P. live here ?99 inquired a gentleman of iho hall porter of a fashionable set of flats, the other day. ** Is she at home now ? ’* “ Don't know, sir, but I will inquire.* And after a short interval the gentleman, who was no other than Mr. X., the well-known West end jeweller, was asked to step into the draw ing-room. 44 Signora P.,” said he, “ I have come on a very pleasant errand—to ask you to choose one of throe diamond necklaces, which is destined to vie, but vie in vain, with the charms bestowed upon you by nature.” 11 What do you mean ? 99 anked Signora P.f a canlatrice of great renown, whose countenance had assumed the form of a note of inlerroga 44 I mean that Lord O. has been choosing a neekluce for you ; that he has carefully scriiti* nised r»U we have iu stock, and, having selected these three, aaks you to say which of them you 44 Lord O., did you say ? ” 44 Yes, Lord O. You know him, of course 1* 44 Not 1,1 never spoke hi him in my life.” “ Strange, very strange l Here is his card. I dare say ho is sm admirer of your delightful singing, and intends to give a tangible shape to his appreciation ; and, if I may say so, he has givon proof of admirable ju jgment in select ing a diamond necklace. He has just left our establishment, and from what he said I expec ted to sec him here ; but this is, perhaps, tha harbinger of his vifit.” 4,Yes, that may be,’* answered the lady, look ing admiringly at the glittering diamonds 441 have often heard of him. He is always in the opera, and dots, 1 know, take a great interest in music.” The jeweller then invited a careful inspection of the throe necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress on the best of tho three, which, of course, was the mest expensive iu the lot. Half an hour passed in this way, but the young nobleman failed to put in an ap pearance. 44What do you intend to do ? ” asked Signora P. at lust. 44 Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. As it is not by any means the first time I have the pleasure of seeing you, I confide the three necklaces to your safe keeping, Signora ; I know they will be as well looked after her© as at our shop. And when Lord O. does call, and you have selected oue of lhem, he will com© to us and settle up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in th© morning in any case.” And Mr. X. took his leave rejoicing. It never ouce occurred to him that he had left any loopholes in the arrangement through which a mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze him self. Mr. X. had not left the bouidor a quarter of an hour, when a young man rushed in great ex citement into the room and vehemently deman ded ‘the three diamond necklaces. “Mr. X,” he said, 44 has sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake—a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for.” In reply to the lady’s questions, he further explained that Lord O/s instructions had been misunderstood. He wanted the necklace for Signoia B , who lived in the same block, only one storey higher, and a mistake bad been made: in the name. Signora I*, was not in the least; surprised, and handed the man the precious, parcel. Ho expressed his profound thanks and’ hurried away. Next morning the jeweller was announced. I 44 Well, Signora, f hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recom mended ? It is by far tho best of the three V and as for the stones, 1 can assure you that • Princess L., when she saw them a few weeks 44 You seem to he in a very joucular mood this morning, Mr X. 1 thought from the beginning thi»t the necklaces were not meant for me, and it was you who suggested that they should remain in my keeping. But the matter has gone far enough.” “ What do you mean, Signora ? Has Lord O. not yet calltd ?” 44 Oh, please stop that! You know as well as I lhat the necklace was intended for Signora B. on the next flat, and your shopman took it to her last ni bt.” “What do you mean? Where are my diamond necklaces ?” And 31 r. X. turned as pale as a ghost, as he askid the question. Signora P., equally astonished, told him all that- had t-ken place after his departure the evening b*-f»re. 44 Oh, heavens ! I have been victimised by : a clever swindler V* he exclaimed. 44 Signora, will you kindly accompany me at once to the shop ? I wa>»t you to tell your story to the police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel ;>t ouce. It may yet be possible to recover the property, but we must be very quick.” Signora P. ungraciously assented, und the pair hurried olf to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Mr. X. opened the door, and to his utter stupefaction beheld the “swindler ” standing at the counter with some necklaces displayed before him. The jeweller pouuced upon him as a Vigor upon its prey, but theyoung man smilingly pointed to the precious stones, and said : 44 There are your necklaces. Now, listen—” 44 Sir, you are a—” 44 Now, do be calm, please, andjefc me finish what I have to say ; then you may talk as much os you like. I have to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. The fact is I made a bet with Lord S. that I would go to one of the best firms of jewellers in the West Bud, and deprive them of the possession of a lot ol jewellery for at least one night—of course, solely for the purpose of- winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success and won the stakes. It only remains for me to expres^my profound thanks to Signora P., who so ably^if involuntarily,seconded my efforts. I beg the lady will kindly ac’-pt this bracelet as a souvenir of 4A Wacer for Diamonds.’”—“Modern Society.” 