Cr:icket and Other Notes. B : N O~s Bposr.] A t last, the cricket sesos has termlsad. After'tour'Saturday aftemroone' play thb Lime tons Club'wontthe final match,' thereby annex it the rvett trophy. ,The Tlctorlos team tho oghly B?s~e.e their win. .When the Lime stne'CrOick~et Club' was tonnrmc?, at the coonm 4ient of'the season, it wn little thought that I they would ecarethg'p in the senior division of itheapowoch and West Moreton Association -Indth , In sp9e quarters it was stated thpt t?hyie d" "nus ghost of a show," being only .a ohe-msan team. E~vents have,? however, ,rded .3¶e agin the uncerta;inty of cricket, sithou;gh there was no oncertainty about the doings ;of the Limstoniase. They practised '.s?ldouOsly; 'they *ent even further--a coach (W. MflGhlohey) was engaged to teacs them a fewt-rinklde. Undoubtedly 'Gllfncbey'e ser icel were; in a greeat measure, responsible for 'g':o?ddeal d ?f the sucocess the club have liLe: Further thai that, the efforts of the'Llthinscboe Olub have been backed up by a 'peidid'lot of popporters, who hsve been only o'wjklg toAiist in the iurtherance of the '9"in"o'fgames?' My olad friend, Mr. James 'Beisn, deserves nore than passing notice. aehas proved a rel " baekbone" to the Lime stone Club, inasmuch as he kept the players well "up to the mnark" at practise, and that is justrhere a strict surveillance is required. - His ponstant attention, together with M'Glincbhey's t?ition, has been the secret of the Limestone's euoeriority. Oreat praise is also due to the Whitwood& A team for the gallant manner in which they .,have endeavoured to wrest the ~lNrels from the Limestonians, especially ofor the persiste.ne with which they have fought stithe fini m atch; Eaob.of the threesenior clubs- the Star, Whitwood, and Limestone have now "a leg-in" for the evett Ccp; so that next season's cricket battles should be aU the more intoereeting,.. as all the clubs will start on the same tooting, with a win each. I hope all will "'come ap"it. a smiling humour next season, forgetting ahll oeoasions of differenoep. The pastseason has been a particularly busy one, and the surroundings at the new practise winkets'in the.Central Oardens.--hanks to ti. enory Wyman-have been of a most animated 'mature. Ipowlch haPsbeeu visited once by the mesmbere of the renowned Melbourne Cricket Club, twice by. ? ewi South Wales team of juniors, ad twice bytheGraziers .whilerepre sentative teamns from. Esk, the itanley 'ele orate, ~arrisavllle, Boonah, and Laidleyhave -iso 'come, seen,and beenconquered." Last, but by no means the least, the revival of the ever-memoratble Bush v. Town matches was effected, and it is to be hoped that they will become anmnual eoctests. The 'Austrealians were defeated in their first test match with All-England. No matter; there are still two more.test matobhes to be played-~-the next on the 1th instant, at Man chester-and if tho Australian Eleven win both, the coloniale will be satisfied. The following amre the resulte of their tour so far : Matches. Result. Sheffield's team .. Drawn Essex County .. Won by seven wickets An English eleven Won, innings & 221 runs South England .. Drawn Yorkshire .. .. Won, innings & 8 runs Lancashire.. .. Won by 164 runs Oxford .. .. Won by five wickets Glouneestershire .. Won, innings & 92 runs An English eleven Won by 2195 runs Marylebone C. C... Lost, innings and 18 runs Yorkshire .. .. Abandoned Midland Counties.. Lost, 4 wickets to spare First Test Match .. Lost, i wickets to spare Notltirighamshire .. Won, by 6 wickets Australiansa--won, 8; lost, 3; drawn, 3 fourteenr played. Since their defeat by All-Englsnd, the Austra lians have vanquibshed NotnmgbamshLire-lhis being about the third occasio that RoLts has succumbed to the colonials b six wickets to spare, and the visitin are on a fair way of again defeating e. Iredalo is now beginning to" she o ing his first centney of 114 runs, Ir revious fioe scoreof 94 (t ibbi (who has been se ld) in the bowling depar?t, ? "An Explanation," by the hoen. seretary of the City Football Club, appeared In last Tues day's issue of his journal, in whlch lam said to have reflected "lin anything but complmen toary terms on the doings of the Oitys. What I briefly stated was:-" After all the'* blot' about British pluck, &o.;, la referanoe toacept. 'ng a defeat, the Citys lodged a protest kgainst the Goodna Club"-those few remarks having been based on what appeared ina local con temporary, anent the match in question, to the fotllowing effect:-" It is understood that the Citys have good grounds for a protest, but have decide?d not to take any action in the matter, yrefcrn"dg to take their first defeat like Britons." Perthaps the hoen. secretary of the City Club did not know of the appearance of the sabove extract f It will not, I trust, be considered ankind of me if I hope that the Citys have also taken their second defeat like Britons I Anent the matter at issue, however, what the secretary of the Citys privartely promised Mr. P. Coogan after the match has nothing to do with the question. The City Club did lodge a protest. What sort of sportsmanlike behaviour is it first, to decide not to take any action in the matter; and then, secondly, to put in a protest jstr for the purpose of withdrawing itl, Are those the actions of Britons? What beautiful consistency, tool Surely the aforesoid hoo. secretary, with all his influence and eloquence, does not think that he can play "ducks and drakes" with the executive committee of the West Mloreton Rugby Union? 1am distinctly given to understand that there is nothing 'a n ecoustadbule" about the executive committee's reason for denying the hon. secretary of the City F.C. a certain privilege, nor was there any Lested discussion. Hie, from what lean gather (which fact he evidently forgot to mention in his letter), obiected to the withdrawal of the Blaceviews' protest,presuming, no doubt, thathe scored a " point" in doing so, wherespon it was moved and seconded, so I am told, that it be declared informal; after towhich the City's hen. secretary asked permission to withdraw his protest against the Gooadna Club. If that be correct, he was hoisted on his own petard I it, too, so it is reported, teing declared infor mal for the same reason as the Baceslewe' namely, that instead of a guinea being depo sited, only 10s. id. accompanied the protest. I have said enough, only I wish it to be clearly understood that I'm not "agin" theCitys. To be "ever-observant" (thanks, Mr. Hon Seeres tary oef F.C.C., for that compliment), itil cer tainly not out of my place to " observe remark" where necessary, and such a. chance offered when the Citys were described as being, like Britons. May they long continue to be so I In Brisbane, next Satorday afternoon, the Boomerangs will meet the Citys (of :'Bi?lane),' and the Grammarians play the Bocktonos. The City-Raceview football fixture, lsnt Saturday afternoon, was, indeed, a very rough exposition of "Rugby," and on one occasion several of the players werelaid out at the same time. "After the ball is over Looking around we try To piece ourselves together; 'I'll trouble you for my eye.'" Arthur Morry would have exchanged heads I In fact, from what I observed, there seemed to be a good deal of unnecessary roughneses ; but; I suppose, it is all in the Rugby game. In: other places, it seems to be necessary foi referees to carry revrolvers to '"shoot at sidnt." If the ball were played, instead of the men, there would be more chance fors open game; and, another thing, there is altogether toe much sbouting for the ball. If ls IM'Lean (Esk), of the Cites, would yes his blinds it the act oa feuding, he would' be a great man Bchwartl, of Walloop,.Jlayed a splendid game last Saturday -he aoeuile wa.. 'igge Thompson tid well, and a couple ,f lt season's 'Ls put in good work forthe ted-' white- -blues-namely, . Keogh (foRar ) an .tY.tlrltag (fulI-n,,±k). -". , '. .eo Bels wilt meet the eeview Clb ext aturday; and, after the former'seasydefeat ot the Goodna Club last tatrdday, by f.t.to eA4 iti is expected that they will romp overthe ase-i views, although the latter don't thinko; the predict a " willing" game for the Bells. The positions of the several clubs in the frslj round are as follows :-Goodna, 6 points; Bae views, 5; Citys, 4; Bells, 4; Pine Mouatain, oil. The Citys, having agreed with theo Gsdna ites to postpone their fixture, will put next Saturday afternoon in the Central Gardens; practising the fne pubnts. of the -game if preparation for thelr battlewith the Bells;whth as totare place on the Ilihinstanst, when al i. top "go" is being looked forwerd to.. Bos sides are strengthening their ranks, and its said that both P. Beal and Bert. Bollmore wil doh the Citys' colours for the ocoition. Alto gether, the Bell- City match piroolsestokb'o a' most exciting nature. A fancy dress football match wRill talke place, on the North Ipswich reserve, on the 18thin stalt. This will " atch on." I noticm where mention is made of lritlog a referee from Brisbane-Mr. Faulkner-to act' in the Bell-City mtch. Whyinthispaztictalare contest In my opinion, such an action woRdd be an insult to the localrefetrees, of whom the e1 are three-namely, Messrs. C. Hegarty, IJ. . OCampbeUll, and Ml. Steven. It is not so Ihang ago since growling was heard in local elrnes because a metropolitan referee was brought to Ipswich to do duty in the Brisbane Asusoelstion matches. So far as I can learn, a the jtle men named thoroughly understand the ugby rules, and there is absolutely no neocessityor importing a referee to do duty in the itatsh% question. I wishsomenruleeonldbei~troduced to atop betting, and then one would beer?esIs about the capabilities of referees. fBettlngly becoming the bane of allgood sport. Let every true exponent of cricket and tobtball doshisery trmost to stamp out the evil.-En , Q.T.3' The Uimbined.Toowoombatean oo footbhel journeyed to Brwsbane, last Sturday,tpo.areut a terrible "dishing" at the hands of Com-' bined Brisbane. The visiting toam were de feated by 46 points to in.' The Toowooineb' reps. were never "in it" from the start, and $the metropolitan footballers certainly made up fo?i the" licking" the Toowoopubaltesadninidtere4 to them during Easter, at Toowoomba. Under the British Asseoelatioh roles, thoe Itoeebanks are "billed" to meet the Ipsewibin Rovers, in Ipswich, next Saturday afternoon,, when a hard oand scientific struggle --footballak it ?aould be played-may be expected. ,I Tbia that several of the Bush Bats have beenrewis. tered with the Rovers, so that T'Bates.ill;b still fghting as of yore-only in other eoloust. It is stated that the Rangersintendtoprotet? against the Borers over some alleged shrtaneit atotime by the referee,.who, on this casion, was Mr. P. Livesey. The champion amateur sculler?I Austrhalas, "Miek" Slack, paid a visit to Ipsi?oh--ale native place-last Saturday. He looked inW splendidhealth-a fine lump of a dslow -I hear that, if Stansbury wins the seculling roce on the Thames, it is intended that Blaxk shall meet him after his return to Sydney. The sculling race with Stanasbury and" Wag" Hard lig, for the championship of the world, will take place on Monday, the 13th instant. 