WHAT BECAME OFTHE CHOST. ? W. I». Alden, in ' Yole Tide.' SlmmOnn wae Ad clOeffiivc and unnecessary American, That Was tile unanimous verdict which his fellow-artists passed upon him mien he made his first appearance in Tarls. ' Probably you don't bellete Jn ghorts,' aaid 6immdns. But if you'd known as many ghtiBtrf as I've known, you'd understand that ghosts arc al fjorritntfn al cats, and pretty near as intelligent; . . ? ' Tmi Team ttvd T was naintinff in Venice. Which I consider the meanest town on this ride of trie AtlSntlt', and I can't say worse than that; It'e ruinous Srid dirty, and in convenient, »nd yon can't get anything' fit to eat in the whole place: It has the biggest gliwt1 pdpulation dj uny city in the world, though the general public doesn't know it. Yon sad, the'eemctery is rittgtity rincdmfort jiblc, there being at least a foot of water In ever? grave, anS i»? consequence Is that most of tho people that are btmeuj11 v™c= prefer to become ghosts and wander around the t-jwri; wttcre they Ts&a; .manage to keep dry: I was wailting to paint a. picture of the_ Northern, Lagoon, and one day when I was looking for a good place to1 ect up my easel, 1 saw a hp'UBe standing just . on the adgc of (he water, thrit looted, an if it had been shut up s'lnce the time of Julius Oa&ar.; I saw that if 1 had a room .in .that house I could , paint my. picture without a'ny inter ruption,! and so. I made inquiries about It. Well, I f onnd Bomebody who professed to be the agent of the owner of the house, and 1 rented a room for three francs a month. ' I soon found that the house waB a regular ghost barrack. They didn't show themselves,' but they made a lot of noise. There wasn't any 'lock to ray room, and the first night I slept in it the'-ghoBts opened the door, and let in a current of air that gave me a cold ; so I put a cheap lock on tbe door, which kept out the ghosts, though an ordinary burglar couldhave opened it with a nail. Sometimes the ghosts would come into my room while I was at work ; but beyond making the f ur nltnre creak, and occasionally knocking something off the table*— for they arc a care leas lot— they didn't disturb me * in the daytime. Bat st night there ecemed to be whole gangs of them going up and down otaire, and holding political meetings and women's rightB conventions intlie next room.' Every now and then I used to get np and go oat on the landing, and ash them to re member that tncy were keeping &n; inoffensive foreigner awake, ''One day I went to the bank to draw some money that was coming to me from Amftric&i; and to cash a draft for a picture that I had sold to an English tourist. Altogether It made a eood bit of money, and the banker paid it to me in gold, because I never truBt any of this foreign paper monev. It filled a small bag, and as it was too heavy for me to carry in my pocket, I carried it in my hand, though the banker warned me that I was putting temptation in the way of the poor, ami trifling with the feelings of the criminal classes. I ha* my dinner at a restaurant, and afterwards spent moBt of the evening at a eafc in the PiazKa, where I used to go to read the papers. About nine o'clock I heard thunder, and, not having any umbrella, started in a hurry for my room. ' The storm came up more slowly than I had expected, but soon after I had gone to bed it arrived, and gave a firat- ebss exhibi tion of what Venice can do in the-linc oi thunderstorms when she gives her whole mind to it. It rained as if the water had been emptied out of a thousand wasbtubs ; tb ? lightning wan ao sharp that it half blinded me, and the thunder shook the whole house from top to bottom, Ab for the wind, it howled worse than a London milkman ; and aB there was too much noise for sleeping, I just lay in bed and amused myself watching the lightning. All at once I saw something that I don't mind admitting gave me a start. I told you that King Arthur, as 1 us id to call my suit of armour, always stood in a corner of the room. Well, I happened to be looking lu that direction, when a flash of lightning showed me that King Arthur had moved about two feet away from the corner, and was standing perfectly still in his new position. I didn't mind ordinary ghosts; -ut when It came to a suit of armour waltz lag around a room by itself, I didn't like the look of it. 1 lay there in tbe dark, trying to persuade myself that I had been mistaken in thinking that I had Been the armour standing in the corner when 1 went to bed, and saying to myself that the woman who took care of the room must have moved it, I know all the time that this wasn't true j but when a man is fool enough to be frightened at a ghost, he is always fool enough to believe any moderate lie. But by-and-by there came another flash, antl I eaw that the figure had moved a couple of feet farther along the wall, and bad one hand stretched out, as if it was feeling its way in the darkness. Now I knew what was the matter. Borne ghost had got into that suit of armour, and was walking ' Probably the ghost that wae inBide of the armour found it difficult to walk in such a heavy suit of clothes. At any rate , he moved about as Blow as a district messenger boy ; and if yon know anything about district messenger boyB in London, you know how slow that is. The next flash showed that the figure had left the wall along which it had been sidling, and was coming straight to wards the bed. It was only about fifteen feet from me, and my heart began to beat at the rate of about a hundred and fifty to the minute. ' However, my fright didn't last many minutes. I reflected that a weak ghost in a heary suit of armour would be about as useless for fighting purposes as a professional pugilist who is in the habit of writing to the newspapers. I made up my mind that 1 would wait till tho figure was close to my bed, and that I would then jump on it and upset it on the floor, the chances being that I *wonld have plenty of time to find the matches before tho figure could get on its legs again. I gathered myself together for a spring, and waited till — according to my calculation — King Arthur was within striking distance. Then 1 threw back the bedclothes, and made a jump for my visitor. I strnok him good and square, and we both came down with aa mnch rattle and clatter and bang as if we had been a dozen lengths of etovc pipe. ' I stood for a moment wondering what I had better do with my visitor, just to teach him a useful lesson, when I happened to think of a stick of solder that I had bought one day when 1 wanted to mend several cracks in the breastplate of King Arthur. I lit my spirit lamp, heated my soldering-iron, and laying King Arthur in a handy position on htB back, began to solder the different pieces of his armour together. I soldered his front and back plates till nothing Ices than a cold chisel could have unbuttoned them ; I soldered hie helmet tight to his shoulders, aud. 1 soldered his leg- pieces from tbo hip down to the foot. I worked over the job for a full hour, and when I had got through 1 had made him pretty near watertight. ' 'Now, my ghOBtly friend,' I said, 'this will teach you not to come into a gentleman's bedroom and take liberties with his curios ities. You've put yourself into that suit of armour without leave, and you'll 6tay in it till I'm ready to let you out, which won't be for Borne time. I'll ju6t tie i our legs to the bedpost, so that you can't shuffle away before morning, and then I'll make up some of the sleep that yonVc deprived me of with your ' Well, I tied the figure's legs to the bed post, and then .1 blew out the candle and went to bed again. When 1 woke up in the morningit waebroaddayllgbt, and the storm waB over. I tookqd orer the side of the bed to eee bow King Arthur was getting on, and 1 never was more supiiaed in my life than I was to Bnd that he had gone. I jumped up and looked under the bed, that being the only place of concealment in tbe room, but my friend wasn't there. The door was locked as usual, and tbe key was under my pillow. It was clear that King Arthur must have gone out by way of the window, and then I noticed that one of the front windows that looked out on the lagoon was partly open. I went and looked out of it, but there was no figure in armour in sight. Tbe tide was unusually high — higher, in fact, than I bad ever seen it before. Not a soul was stirring at that early honr, and after wondering what could possibly have become of my suit of armour and its wearer, I went back to bed for another nap.' Simmons paused for a moment, and we all thought that he had finished his Etory. I was just about to ask him what his explan ation of the walking euit of armour was, ' Do any of you fellows read Italian ! ' We all assured him that we did not. 'Then,' aaid he, taking a newspaper cutting from his pocket-book, ' I'll translate a little paragraph that appeared in tbe Adrtatico — the Venetian paper — ten days or kp after my experience with King Arthur. lilBten to thisi— 'TcBterday.Tjnonilng Jwo flshermon, Carlos Fabris and Antonio Scamoici, made a discovery of the most horrible description in the Canal of Burano. Seeing eomethuig ehinlDg under the water at low ttde.thoy contrived to bringitto the sur face. It was a Complete suit of armour b! the fifteenth c=nlwy.-, In addition to boing fastened in the UBual way, the armour Was soldered together, and when the fisher men budprleeJ the visor of tho helmet open, thev were Hllod with horror*) tod thatiUie corpse of a man, In an advanced state of detidmpoettionf was enalosedin the armour. Evidently art tttrosiaus murder bu been com mitted but tbe polloe have several strong flues, and are soon to make an .Important arreeti' We aU agreed that Btmmon'»Bdv«n tnrc was a remarkable one, and nobody ventured to express «fly doubts as to its literal truth. Simmons was hardlv tbo sort of niiin whdm to discuss a question of jet' aclty: But after gimmouB had gone iome, and left ns still at the dlBncrrtslblejtrje »ati who had been sitting next to him picked np from the floor tbe newspaper cutting which eimmdrJIi -had translated^ It had been cut trbm Qalignani'l JftutXifef.aninol from an Italian paper : and iuBtcad oi referring 'to a ****£!!»«' V£--£-2-£. men, It simply contained u.v .., departure of trains from Paris far I/oniu,-.' 