THE MYSTERY OF BLAYTH- WAYTE HALL. BY MABEL COLLINS. Author of "The Prettiest Woman in War- saw, &c.; (Concluded.) Tt seemed as if Ada's prophecy was cor rect, for that night there was no dinner. After the children had gone to Ixxl the school room maid brought Sybil a tray, and when she came into the room, said something which quite startled her. " Mrs. Blaythwayto's raging about to-night, and the Hqaire's out. I'd !oe!c the door, Miss, till he comes in, if [ was you. I'll let you know when he come1-. .She's got a spite against you—she always has against the guvei- nosses. She'll do you. an injury some day when she's like this if you don't take care." Sybil turned a white face on the girl. " Mary," she said, " tell me, is Mrs. Bbvyth wayte. Tii'hi '• liOV, no, miss. She will he, though, soon, if she goes on as she is now. Can't you see, miss, what it is? Why, she drinks?'' Sybil stared at her in amazement. Such a condition of things, such a possibility, was abso lutely new to her. She hardly understood the words. She had heard of people drinking, of course, and read about in it the papers ; but she had alway associated it with common men and roughs and women from the East End. That a refined, rich, and beautiful woman, with a homelike this, a 'mis'..and and children worthy of all love, could drink r diat sense was unintel ligible. to her. "Oh. it isn't pus-vole?' .-.he sad. '' V oi must be mistaken, Mary." > was tbAhandflameevexydne turned cMJast.* Aftd^w^e s^^bean-old. Aiid -die's _. , .. ib^oir?r?sb"e* isaichherseS,hubs, "very• ricSi.. SHiat's the nwHst of ity X think. Sheiaao independent of everyone. And now sheseems to have lost all iBteiiest in whatpeople thinl£, or Hay, <jr 'any thing else."' "yb, bow dreadful!" said Sybil. "It reallyooeen?tseem possible!" "Wefl.roias.yon'llseeif what I say is true or not. It's terrible lor^the Squire; a better master aeverlived. He'ssltered very much, oven inmy tame, and maaypeople think him hardandeold. He is very severe, it's true, if lie Snds sny one getting Mrs. Elaythwayte what she wants. Eorthe cellar's locked op, andiio keeps the keys, andhow shegete it no body knows. Eat she does. She's as ramning as can be. She's taken a spite against you, .because you don't look the sort tohelp her; die A ways does then. I don't wonder the ~ytmng ladies think it's less trouble to frighten ihegovemesses away at the first start-off, for thpy never stay long enough to be of any good. E they don't get scarea and jfo, either the Squire or the "mistress has always got rid of tbemjiretty quick. The nice ones the mistress States, acid the others1—well—I've seen one old wretch who came here, and just made herself Mrs. Blaytbwayte's servant, and fetched her all she wanted from town, and drank with her too—but she ncver.lost her head, lean tell you, for though'the Squire sent her off. in a week, she had got a nice b'ttle purse made up, and two «f Mm. Blaythwaythefe big diamond rings that she took from her fingers one night when the mistress did not know what she was doing." " Oh, don't tell me any more," cried Sybil, who was quite white with horror and disgust. "Cfein nothing be done? Something ought to be done. On, poor woman, how perfectly dreadful! And she might be so happy!" "Alt, that she might, but it's no use; the habit's got hold of her. I believe the Squire's sent for. her brother to come and stay; the housekeeper has orders to get a room ready for him. That means something of the kind, I expect; for Mr. Atherton has never been fond of visiting here; and the Squire never liked Mrs. Blaythwaytc's family, so John says. They are all very fast gentlemen, and Mrs. Blayth waytc lived among bad influences when she was a girl, so I suppose that's some excuse for her. There's a great deal in bringing up. Do miss, sit down and have your supper; you look like a ghost." And, indeed, she did, standing there trans fixed, gazing at the servant, with wide-open, incredulous, horrified eyes, and her face quite white. ** Yes—I feel sick," cried Sybil. " Well, miss, I think the gloom of this house re enough to make any one feel queer, I'm determined to stay for a year's character, but I'll go then. Perhaps it will be a little brighter with a visitor in the house. I assure you, miss, such a thing hasn't happened before since I've been here as for any one to'come. There's the door bell—that's the Squire—now you needn't be nervous, mis«." The girl went away, and Sybil guessed that she had gossiped on partly out of good-nature, not liking to leave her alone after giving her such an alarming warning. Quite sick and faint Sybil went to her room, not caring for supper or anything else; her books would not amuse her, with her mind so full of this dreadful picture. Her sleep was haunted by it that night, and she was restless and wakeful. She had suffered poverty and anxiety, but had never yet come in contact with the evil that is in the world. This was her first experience of it, and it filled her with horror and dismay. Glad was she in the morning to take up her tasks with the children. How easy these seemed! how natural and gay her life with them. She was consoled a little by the con sciousness she had that the Squire placed im plicit confidence in her, and had done from tho first moment he had seen her. He was quite at ease about the children now they were in her charge. She was glad of this, for she Toalized now what his words meant, which at the time seemed so unintelligible — she saw that they were not born of a morose or angry spirit, but were the cry of a broken heart, called forth by the pain of a ruined, blighted life, a devastated home. Sybil looked at the beautiful house and the wide green park, and sighed as she thought what the mistress of such a home should bo—loved by husband and children—a Lady Bountiful among her people —looked up to and admired by every one. And what was she! With the power put into her hands to make so many lives brighter and happier, all that she did was to wreck her own and those nearest her, and look at the large world outside with sullen, indifferent eyes. Sybil was sitting in what she herself con sidered a very undignified place while thinking these sad thoughts: and that was in the children's favourite loft. Here they had retired to spend a part of the morning in what the children called "'story-telling," but which was really lessons, cleverly disguised, which were swallowed by them as innocently as pills are taken in jam. The only way to get any light into this loft was to open wide the door through which they entered ; so Sybil, as she sat in the midst and listened to their reading, was able to let her eyes wander over the pic ture formed by the park and the house. Sybil knew not that the group of which she was the centre formed one of the prettiest pic tures imaginable; and was very much startled when she heard a voice below exclaim— "By Jove! What a charming effect! Wor thy of a Christmas illustration in a nowsoapcr. How d'ye do, young people! How are you, .Ada?" Sybil looked out and saw standing below an exceedingly handsome young man, very smartly dressed indeed, and wearing a superb gardenia in his coat. He addressed the children, but his fine black eyes were fixed on her with undisguised admiration and cariosity. "Oh, ifs Uncle Charlie," said Ada. "I'm quite well, thank you." "You can't come up, Uncle Charlie," said Master Harry. "We've drawed the ladder tip." "You little rascal," said the smart gentle man, who did not look at ail like climbing ladders ot ascending into lofts. " There are other ladders in the place, I suppose?" " None of 'em reaches," said Master Harry, complacently. Evidently there was no love lost between himself and his handsome uncle. "What are yon doing op there, Ada?" con tinued her ancle. "Reading stories," said Ada. "This is our new governess, Miss Vane." Charlie Atherton lifted bis hat, with the evident intention of accepting this as a suffi cient introduction. , " You have no idea what a picture yon make up there with the children, Miss Vane," he said. " By Jove! I wish I was an artist and could draw. May I make an attempt?" and he drew out. a pocket-book. Master Harry rose to his small feet and wmuiwamtTOWinmnww»n"^-»ro£ giuol dignity which was * little spoiled by JSybiTs cOtchinghold of has coat m terror loetiie should ML "Don't you.distorb us, UneleCharlie^. he said with great severity. -" We're- veiyhbOT-: now.-OMfcji don'tgo away milwdVe&nshecf;, wewon'tplaywithyop at all, or let 3&ire; Vane either." ,v " i Buppose I must givo in, as you havethe advantage of me. at present. Where shall I find your father?" ;: "In his study,"said blasterHarry, adding ".andAeVbasytoo." ; - Evidentlyhe looked upon Charlie Atherton as an incorrigible idler, not toberashly en couraged. At lunch-time the young man was formally introducedtoSybil, and made bimself exceed ingly agreeable, fie was a bright, rattling ker, aecnstomedto hold his own in every " up-to-date" society, and he certainly made' the whole houseseeminore cheerful with 'his' gay, irrelevant chatter. By contrast withhim; the Squire certainly seemed morose, or per haps, thought By bil, he was more troubled to day than nsual. He appeared abstracted and, uneasy, and glanced continually at his wife's face, and &en; at her brother, ' ' Perhaps, tliought9ybil, be was nerving him self for a great and difficult task. It seemed as if it might be so, for all the afternoon he and his brother-in- law were shut up together. Mrs. Blaythwayte, who was in one of her quietest,moods, went out for a long drive alone. Uid John always went with the carnage on these occasions, and the Squire had full confi dence in him and hi3 watchfulness; yet she often came back very strange after these drives, and he Was coming to the terrible con clusion that with supernatural cunning she had fonned some connections in the town or neighbourhood who were in her pay. This was dreadful to the Squire, who had devoted him self to hide the vice which disgraced his home; and this it was which made him resolve to appeal to her own relations, and to make a more serious effort to reprove her than any that had hitherto been attempted. The dinner that evening seemed to Sybil like a party, so much difference did the presence of another person make. Charlie Athcrton had evidently had enough .of serious matters and his relation's troubles, and markedly devoted himself to her. She certainly looked most attractive and charming in her simple dress, with her sweet, fair, wild-rose face; and it was only natural that he should pay her a great deal of atten tion. But she shrank from him, and wished very sincerely that he would not address her so often, and would not fix his eyes on her so in cessantly. Mrs. "Blaythwayte looked her best, and talked just enough to be pleasant. Sybil had notthe terribleexperience which told the Squire that his wife was a little too much excited and a little too readily amused with all that was said. He knew only too well what this pleasant humour meant, and what it would be followed by. And yet even he was unprepared for what it was followed by. Before the dinner was over Mrs. Blaythwayte suddenly hurst into a fit of furious anger—rage such as Sybil had never seen before, and could not have imagined. It was all directed towards her brother; and was about some mere trifle, unworthy even of a child's anger, as it seemed to Sybil. The Squire, looking very white and stern, rase from the table. Every one did the same. Sybil hardly understood how it happened or what was done, but a moment later Mrs. Blaythwayte left the room, cowed by her hus band's glance; he followed her. The other two were left alone. It was very embarrassing. But Charlie Atherton did his "best to make it less so. "I hear you play beautifully, Miss Vane," he said. •' Shall we go into the drawing-rooin? I am very fond of music." " Not to-night, I think," said Sybil; "Mrs. Blaythwayte is not well, and I am tired. Perhaps to-morrow, if she is better"—for she caught a look of disappointment on his face so keen that she was afraid ho might be offended. And she had no wish to offend him any more than any one else; but-she was quite resolved to make her escape. He was very handsome, very agreeable, but she did not like him. So she got away and went to her room. She was early in bed and asleep that night, which was fortunate, for her sleep was broken, and in such a terrible manner that it was many a day before she slept peacefully again. She started suddenly out of a deep sleep, with the dreadful feeling that some one was in the room—that she was not alone. Some one had surely touched her! She quickly struck a light, and with the greatest difficulty prevented herself from screaming aloud in her terror and surprise. Mrs. Blaythwayte, wrapped in a white dress in er-gown, stood at her bed, lookinsr so strange that at the first glance Sybil hardly knew who she was. Her long black hair fell in dishevelled masses on her shoulders; her eyes were wild, her face was very white save for some brilliant spots on the cheeks. She looked terrible. She approached closer and leaned over Sybil, who remained motionless, as if paralysed. '* I want you to help me." she said in a low, thick voice, a sort of stifled whisper. " I want to get out of the house, and I can't open the front door. Come and help me. I'll give vou all the diamonds T. have left, a,nd I have a lot of money, too, I'll give you—only help me —I must get away to-night. I know what Charlie's here for—thev think I don't know, but I do. They are going to lock me up? I shall be treated like a mad woman! I can't bear it, and I won't. Come, help me to open that great door—I only want to get out of the house, and IH go to friends who'll take care of me. See, I've brought the diamonds with me and the money. Come." She seized Sybil by the arm and shook her with such strength in her grasp that Sybil knew that she had no hope or help in her wit. She had to deal with what was really a mad woman—maddened, Heaven help her, by her own folly and wickedness. Sybil had never seen such an awful spectacle before, but she understood that this was scarcely a human be ing—she must use cunning as she would with a wild beast that had got loose and in whose power she was. Clearly the one thing to do was to humour her, and get her down-stairs within reach of the Squire's rooms, in the hope that he would be roused and come to the rescue. "I'll come," said Sybil, quickly deciding how to act; "let me get on my dressing gown." Mrs. Blaythwayte stood watching her while she slipped on a warm gown and her slippers. Then she took up a candle aud said, " Now I will come and help you." "Not with that light," said Mrs. Blayth wayte, "he'll see it and catch us. And I won't be shut np. Ill die sooner, I swear I will." " We can't find the way in the dark," said Sybil in dismay. " Oh, yes we can. I know my way all over the house like a cat. Come on!" And she blew out the light, catching hold of Sybil's arm. It was awful. ruuwm i«o corriuor,»icnjBS vue iananig,«owTi tbeetairoaeoihey •sotoy-wsmt.vSybil could• : hear the thick panting hreathof thewomanbe . „ . ores' bubstill She kept -on with all the resolution of an actual mawac.;' o-i -j ■ , _.... .. Atlastthey camdtotbeplaoewhere Sybil knewshemustact. When *tbey reached tbe "wide landing onwbicb the greenbaize door -Opened she determined, if she heard no dnostirring, to cry aloud end rouse the bouse w&s; resolveJhto'gtKrio farther, for she feared if theyreached the hall that Mrs. Blaythwayte ■would overpower her, would get the door open, -and escape into the night. She prepared by getting a firm hold of Mra. She could not get . an' her ores arm was being held—held so firmly The flesh was black and blue for many 9 long dav after. Themomenteame; the house was perfectly still, dark, silent. Sybil resolved to act; sum moning all her courage she lifted up her voice and called aloud—again, and again, mid again. "Ah, you devil!" cried out Mra. Blayth wayte. You would give me up to him I to be locked up! Noi" There was ail awral struggle—awlu.1, though it lasted but a second. Mrs*. Blaythwayte was much tbe stronger of the two, and in her mad resolution quicklv wrenched herself free. Then Sybil, standing horror-struck there in the darkness, heard- a rush, and then a sickening sound that she never quite forgot all her life afterwards—a dull thud. She knew instantly what had happened. They were quite close to the balcony which looked into the groat dining-room. She never saw the lights that came, or heard the feet huriying to the spot. Mr. Blayth waytbe was there before any one else, and he found Sybil lying unconscious on the ground. What bad happened he could tell. Soon the servants were there, and Charlie Atherton. All the household had gathered together on the wide landing, trembling and looking wonderingly at each other. All they knew was that Miss Vane had been found in a swoon. What did it mean? Old John, armed with a lamp, went peering about, and presently looked over the balcony. He turned and caught at Charlie Atherton's arm. "Look, sir," he said, and the two stood a moment in silence. " Come down with me, Sir," whispered John. " Let us move her before the master sees her —it's so awful!" But it was too late. Mr. Blaythwayte was as quick as he was, and quicker. He was already hurrying down the stairs, and it was he that lifted hii lis wife's dead body from the stone floor on which it lay. A few days later Sybil Vane went back to town, one of the servants travelling with her, for she was too weak to travel alone. She had been ill ever since that terrible night, and was completely unnerved and prostrated. "Oh, my dear child!" exclaimed her mother when she saw her. " What has happened to you? Let us starve together rather than you should go through such trials." It was a long while before Sybil could bo in duced to tell her story; when she did her mother realized that there was nothing to be done but to let her rest, and let her slowly recover her wonted health and gaiety. It came back by slow degrees, and then Sybil began to talk of tbe dear children, and to wonder how they were getting on without her, and to tell the funny stories of how she had conquered them, and to laugh a little over it. One day their peaceful lives were interrupted by a caller—a very unusual event for them. Neither Sybil nor hor mother were in their sitting-room when he arrived; they were busy dressmaking in a workroom. Mrs. Vane looked at the card. " Charles Atherton she said in surprise; "Mrs. Blaythwayte's brother," said Sybil. "You receive him, mother dear. I would rather not go down." Mrs. Vane made no difficulty, thinking Sybil dreaded to awaken associations with that time of horror. So Sybil went on with her work. It was quite a long time before, Mrs. Vane came back to her. She looked at Sybil very seriously, and then went to her and kissed her. " Can you guess what be came for?" said Mrs. Vane, And then, without waiting for an answer, she sat down by the girl and took her hand. " I am only an ambassador," she said. " It is for you to decide. Mr. Atherton wishes me to ask you to marry him." "It is impossible, dear mother," said Sybil. "I was afraid you would say so," said her mother. "Yet think well, dear. He is a very charming young man, rich, and in a good position. He has told me all about himself. And with regard to other things which he thinks might prejudice you against him, he wants me to tell you that his sister's awful death ha3 changed him entirely. He feels sure if you would he his wife he would be of use in the world yet." Sybil only shook her head. " It is impossible, mother dear," she said. Mrs. Vane sighed a little. It was a great chance to throw away! But there was no help for it. She had to write to Charlie Atherton, and tell him as gently aa he could that there was no hone. And then their life went quietly on as be fore, and Sybil grew so much better that she began to think of work again. "Iam ready for it now, motherdear," she said. " And it will be better for me." She soon recovered her little circle of daily pupils, and was able to make enough to keep the modest home together; for she Baved something during her stay at Blaythwayte Hall, and the struggle was not quite so hard as it had been: yet the mother sighed some times for the lost opportunity! Sybil Jived now as a little nun, seeing no one but her pupils, A year passed like this, and then one day when she came home she found her mother had received a visitor in her absence. "Dear child," said Mrs. Vane, "I want you to go and change your dress. Mr. Blayth wayte haB been here; he wished very much to see you, and to know, how you were, so I asked him to come back to tea!" " Mr. Blaythwayte!" exclaimed Sybil; and a vivid flush lit up her face, "How kind of him!" " He is very much interested in you, dear," said her mother, "and has brought you lots of messages from the children." This time she had begged not to be an ambas sador. She said she was not a lucky one. And she wished Mr. Blaythwayte success; Charlie Atherton was, as she said, a charming' young man, and had touched her motherly heart; but the Squire won all her sympathies. He was so strong, so gentle, so much a gentleman, that she could not but hope it was to he in his hands she was to trust her daughter's happiness. 'OO great was -w)insa?i«iM turn MuieDiieaia notdare toaskany^queation—evcn hardly to Jook.atfaerriaughter'fl face. . ddybil -went away totakeoff herdoak,and ■when she returned she had dontiasber another boped,and jut on a dress which theyhadjust made, a pretty softgownwbich set off her flelicatebeauty to the utmost. Shewasmore fragile- looking than ever, and Mrs. Vane, watching her as she moved about the room, could only pray to see her in a happy home before she must leave her forever. 4The' girl was of too fine a material, too delicate a sub stance, to .fight the world alone, in spite of her cou age ana talent. . . The little sitting-room looked very pretty when Mr. -Blaythwayte came in again. It always looked pleasant, for refinement stamps -even the poorest surroundings, and the simple farniture of the poor lodgings was disguised by Sybil's needlework ana her mothers, and on the walls were many of her. .father's sketches. But when he entered it this .second lime it seemed to he glorified into a palace by the presence of the one woman in the world he loved. The table was set for tea, and very pretty it looked, though so simple; for every trifle on it was m perfect taste, and the clow that covered it was quaintly embroidered by Sybil's bands. A few flowers were in the vase in thecentre; Sybil, standing by it, was pat ting the finishing touches to their arrangement, and, drawing one out, fastened it in her girdle., She turned as Mr. Blaythwayte entered, and as she met his eyes—-hitherto she had only seen kindness and consideration in their regard— her own fell before the look of admiration in them. She was very shy in her greeting, and so timid that Mr. Blaythwayte almost felt glad when the tea was brought and Mrs. Vane came in. He used all his powers during the conversation at tea-time to make Sybil throw off her timidity and feel at her ease with him; her proud shyness became her so well, but he wanted to banish it all the same. He was "successful at last, and Sybil found herself talking of the children and laughing gaily, like one of them, once more. The dark cloud through which she had passed seemed to have dropped away. Was it over for him, too, wondered the Squire? Was there any hope of happiness for him ? Of a home such as he dreamed of, with a graceful, gentle presence brightening it for ever? He could only hope! He had learned from Mrs. Vane that Charlie Atherton had been refused, and this gave him a faint gleam of hope. There was no one else. After tea Mrs. Vane left them alone. Mr. Blaythwayte had aBked her to let him put his fortune to the test. Mrs. Vane went away very quietly and un obtrusively, but Sybil's heart told her what it meant, and she sat bv the table trembling, playingwith the flowers to hide her nervous ness. lie rose and and came close to her. "Sybil," he said, " your mother has told me I may speak to you, 1 want to ask you if you could care for me—if you will be my wife. I am considered a cold, hard man, but you, Sybil, can soften all my nature, and make of me whatyou wish, and what I ought to he—I know these will bo the same, for I trusted you implicitly from the first moment that I saw you. I know you are absolutely good. Will you come to me and help me, Sybil?" Quick tears came to her eyes; she held out one hand to him. He took it in his own. "Is it mine?" he asked. "Yes," she said, in a low, vibrating voice, but clearly. She, too, had trusted him always, and would have waited for him to the very end, even all her life long, if fate had willed it so. But fate had willed it otherwise. In another year Blaythwayte Hall was known as the brightest and pleasantest house in the country, since the yonng bride's home coming. All the windows were unshuttered now, the great drawing-rooms had been re-decorated, laughter sounded through all the house that once had been so gloomy. The children had a new governess, but every day they came to Sybil to hear stories in the old way, for no one could tell them as she could, so they said. And for just this hour every afternoon they would have her to them selves, sending even the Squire away. "You have all the rest of the day, when we are at our tiresome lessons," as Master Harry said to his father reproachfully. And Mrs. Vane, fading away in her arm chair quietly by the fire, smiled on these happy ones and looked with pride on the charming young chatelaine, whose presence has brought sunshine not "nly to the husband who loves her so dearly, but to all within and around her beautiful home. There was no mystery now in Blaythwayte Hall, but only bright faces and gay voices. The Em 