PHROSO. BY ANTHONY HOPE, AUTHOR OF "THE PRISONER OF ZENDA." CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) I did not know. I saw Phroso turn and go into the house again. The captain spoke to Denny. I saw hlui point to the window of the room which Mouraki had occupied. He went in. Denny motioned Hogvardt to his siue, and they two also went in the house without asking me to accompany thorn. Gradually the throng of islanders dispersed, Orestes Hung off in sullen disappointment: the men. those who had the knives carefully hiding them, walked down the road like peaceful citizens; the women went away laughing, chattering, gossiping, delighted, as women always are, with the love affair. Thus I was left alone in front of the house. It was late afternoon, and the clouds had gathered over the sea. It was very still, and no sound struck my ear, except the wash of the waves on the shore, and there I stood, fighting the battle, for how long I do not know; the struggle within me was very sore. On either side seeuied now to lie a path that It soiled my feet to tread; on the one was a broken pledge, on the other a piece of trickery and knavishness. The joy of a love that could be mine only through dishonor was imperfect joy; yet, if that love could not be mine, life seemed too empty a thing to live. The voices of the two sounded in my ear— the light merry prattle and the calmer, sweeter voice. Ah, this island of mine! what things it put upon a man! At last I felt a band laid on my shoulder; 1 turned, and in the quick gathering dusk of the evening I saw Kortes' sister, and looked long and earnestly into my face. "Well?" said I. "What is it now?" "She must see you now, my lord," answered the woman. "She must see you now, and at once." I looked again at the harbor and the sea, trying to quell the tumult of my thought and to re solve what I should do. I could find no course and settle on no resolution. "Yes, she must see me," said I at last, and I could say nothing else. The woman moved away, a strange bewilder ment showing in her kind eyes. Again I was left alone to my restless self-communings. I heard people moving to and fro in the house. I heard the window of Mouruki's room, where the captain was. closed with a decisive hand. And then I became aware of someone approaching me. I turned and saw Pliroso's white dress gleaming through the gloom, and her face nearly as white above it. Yes, the time had come; but I was not ready. CHAPTER XXI.— A WTORD OF VARIOUS MEANINGS. She came up to me swiftly and without hesita tion. I had looked for some embarrassment, but there was none in her face. She met my eyas full aud square, and begun to speak to me at once. "My lord," she said. "I must ask one thing of you; I must lay more burdens on you. After to-day I dare not be here when my countrymen learn how they are deluded, for 1 should be ashamed to face them; and I dare not trust my self to the Turks, for 1 do not know what , they would do with me. Will you take me with vou — to Athens or to some other port from which 1 can reach Athens? 1 can elude the guards here; I shall be no trouble. You need only tell me when your boat will start, and give rue a corner to live on board. Indeed. I grieve to ask more of you, for you have done so much for me, but my trouble is great and — what is it, my lord?" I had moved my hand to stop ber. She put what had passed utterly out of the way, treating it as the merest trick. My part in it was to her the merest trick; of hers she said nothing. Had hers thea been a trick also? My blood grew hot at the thought; I could not endure it. "When your countrymen learn how they are deluded?" said I, repeating her words. "Deluded in what?" "In the trick we played on them, my lord, to —to persuade them to disperse." I took a step towards her; and my voice shook as I said: "And was it all a trick, Phroso?" For at this moment I set above everything else in the world a fresh assurance of her love. I would fcrce it from her, sooner than not have it. She answered me with questioning eyes and a sad little smile. "Are we then betrothed?" she said, in mourn ful mockery. I was close by her now. I did not touch her, but I bent a little, and my face was near her. "Was it a trick to-day and a trick on St. Try- phon's day also?" I asked. She gave one startled glance at my face, and cow her eyes dropped to the ground. She made no answer to my question. "Was it also a trick, Phroso?" I asked in en treaty, in insistence, iu the wild longing to hear her love declared once, here, to me alone, where nobody could hear, nobody impair its sweet se crecy. Phroso's answer came now, set to the accom paniment of the saddest, softest murmuring laugh. "Ah, my dear lord, must you hear It again? Am I not twice shamed already?" "Be shamed yet once again," I whispered, and then I saw the light of gladness master the misty sorrow in her eyes, as I had seen once before; and I greeted it, whispering: "Yes, a thousand times, a thousand times." "My dear lord," she said; but then she sprang back, and the lightness was clouded again as she stood aloof, regarding me in speechless distressed puzzle. "But, my lord," she murmured so low that I scarcely. bunl Than the took refuge in a ' return to her request. "You won't leave me here, will vou? You will take me somewhere where 1 can be safe. I— I'm afraid o£ these men, even though the pasha is dead." I took no notice of the request she repeated. I seemed unable to speak or to do anything olse but look into her eyes; and I said, a tone of awe in my voice: "You have the most wonderful eyes Iu all the world. Phroso." "My lord," murmured Phroso, dropping thotr lids. But I knew she would open them, soon again — and so she did. "Yes, in all the wide world," said I, "And I want to hear It again." A3 we talked we had moved little by little, and now we were at the side of the house in tho deep dull shadow of It. Yet the eyes I praised pierced the gloom, and shone in the darkness. And suddenly I felt arms about my neck, clasp ing me tightly, and her hreatn was on my cheek, coiniug quick aud unevenly; and she whis- peied: — "Yes, you shall hear it again and again and again, for I am not ashamed now. For 1 know, yes, I know, I love you. I Jove you; ah, how I love you." And her whispers found answers in mine, and I held her ay though against all the 1 world; and all the world was in that moment, and there was nothing e'se than that moment in all the world. And had a man told rae then that I had felt love before, I would have laughed in his face — the fool! But then Phroso drew back again; the brief rapture, free from a«l past or future, all thought or doubt, left her, and iu leaving her forsook me al3o; and she stood again over against me, mur muring: "But, my lord " I knew well what she would say, and for an fnstaut I stood silent; the world hung for us on the balance of my next words. "But, my lord, the lady who waits for you over the sea?" And there sounded a note of fear In the softly breathed whisper that the night carried to my ear. In an instant, before I could answer, Phroso came near to me, and laid one hand on my arm, and spoke gently and quickly. "Yes, I know, I see, 1 understand," she said, "and I thank you, my lord; and I thank God, my dear lord, that you told me, and did not leave without showing me your love. For though I must be very unhappy, yet I shall be proud; and in the long nights I shall think of tills dear island and of you, though you will both be far away. Yes, I thank heaven you told me, my dear lord." And she bent her head, that should have bent to no man, and kissed my hand. But I snatched my hand hastily away, and I sprang to her and caught her again in my arms, and again kissed her lips, for my resolve was made. I would not let her go. Those who would might ask the rights of it, I would not let her go. Yet I spoke no word, and she did not understand, but thought that I kissed her in farewell, for the tears were on her face and wetted my lips; and she clung to me as though something were tearing her from me, and must soon sunder her apart, so greedy was her grasp on mo. And then I opened my mouth to whisper in her ear the words that would bid defiance to the thing that was tearing her away, and must rivet her life to mine. But hark! There was «. cry — a startled ex clamation, and the sound of footsteps. My name was shouted loud and eagerly. I knew Denny's voice. Phroso slid from my relaxed arms, and drew back into the deepest shadow. "I'll be back soon." I whispered, and with a last pressure of her hand, that was warm new and answered to my grasp, I stepped out of the shelter of the wall, and stood in front of the house. Denny was on the doorstep; the door was open, aud the light from the lamps iu the hall flooded the night aud fell full on my face as 1 walked up to him. And on sight of me he seemed to forgot his own errand and his own eagerness, for he caught me by the shoulder and stared at me, crying: "Heavens, man. you're as white as a sheet! Have you seen a ghost? Does Coustautiue waik — or Mouraki?" "Fifty ghosts would be a joke to what I've been through. My God. 1 never had such a time! What do you want? What did you call me for? I can't stay. She's waiting." For now I did not care; Denny and all Neopatia might know now. "Yes, but she must wait a little." he said. "You must come into the house, and couie up stairs." "I can't," I said, obstinately. "I— I— I can't Denny." ww mum. xjvn i. ue a. icoi, unariew it important; the Captain is waiting fur vou." His face seemed big with news— what it iu.'vht be 1 could not tell— but the hint of it was enough to make me catch hold of him, crying, "What i- it? I'll come." "That's right. Come along." And be turned and led the way rapidly through the old hall and up the stairs. 1 followed him, my mind whirling tli rough a cloud of possibilities. The quiet business-like aspect of the room Into which Denny led the way did something to sober me. I puiled myself together, sec-king to hide feelings under a mask of carelessness. The Oc tant sat at the table with a inass of papers sur rounding him. He appeared tc» be examining them, and, as he read, his lips curved iu surpi" <> or contempt . 'This Mouraki was a cunning fellow," said he, "but if anyone had chanced to get hold of this box of his while he was alive he would uot have en joyed oven so poor a post as he thought M- governorship. Indeed. Lord Wheatlev, had vnn been actually a party to his death. I think vo?. need have feared nothing when some of \b papers had found their way to the eyes of t'»p Government. We are well rid of him, Indeed" But then, as 1 always say these Armenians, though they are clever dogs — " But I had not come to hear a Turk discourse on Armenia, and I broke in, with an Impatient that I could not altogether conceal — "I beg your pardon, but is that all you wanted to say to me?" "I should have thought that it was of some im portance to you," he observed. "Certainly," said I, regaining my composure a little. "But your courtesy and kinduess bad al ready reasfjpred me." He bowed his acknowledgments, and proceeded in a most leisurely tone, sorting the papers and documents before him into orderly heaps. "On the death of the pasha, the Government of the island having temporarily devolved on me, I thought it my duty to examine his Excel lency's (curse the dog!)— his Excellency's dis patch box, with the result that I have discovered very remarkable evidences of tiie schemes which he dared to entertain. With this, however, I need not perhaps trouble you." "I would uot intrude into it for the world!" said I. "I also discovered," he pursued in undisturbed lekure and placidity, "among the pasha's papers a letter addressed to-——' "Mo!" And 1 sprang forward. "No; to your cousin — to this gentleman. Pur suing what I conceived to be my duty — and I must trust to Mr. Swinton to forgive me" Here the exasperating fellow paused, looked at Denny, waited for a bow from Denuv, duly re ceived it, duly and with ceremony returned it, sighed as though lie were much relieved at Denny's complaisance, cleared his throat, ar ranged a little heap on his left hand, aud at last, oh, at last! — went on. "This letter. 1 say, in pursuance of what I conceived to bp my duty " "Yes, yes, your duty, of course. Clearly your duty! Yes!" "1 read. It appeared, however, to contain nothing of importance." "Then why the deuct — I — I mean — I beg your pardon." "But really matters of private concern. But I am not warranted in lotting it out of my hauds. It will have to be delivered to the Government with the rest of the pasha's papers. I have, however, allowed Mr. Swinton to read it. He says that it concerns you. Lord Wheatlev, more than himself. I therefore propose to ask bini to read it to you (I can decipher English, but not speak It with facility) in my presence." And with this he handed an envelope to Denuv. We had got to it at last. "For heaven's sake, be quick about it, my dear boy," I cried, and I seated myself on the table, swinging my legs to and fro in a fury of restless impatience. The captain eyed my agitated body with profound disapproval. Denny took the letter from its envelope and read; — "London, 21st May." Then he paused and remarked — "We got here on the 7th, you know." I nodded hastily, and he went on: — "My dear Denny, — Ob, how awful this is! I can hard ly bear to think of it! Pocr, poor fellow! Mam ma is terribly grieved, and I of course even more. Both mamma and I feel that it makes it so much worse somehow that this news should come only three days after lie must have got mamma's let ter. Mamma says that it doesn't really make any difference, and that if her letter was wise then, this terrible news can't alter that. I sup pose it doesn't really, but it scetns to, doesn't it? Oh, do write directly and tell me that he wasn't very unhappy about it when lie had that terrible fever. There's a big blot — because I'm crying. I know you thought 1 didn't care about bim, but I did — though not (as mamma says) iu one way, really. Do you think he forgave me? It would kill mo if I thought he didn't. Do write soon. I suppose you will bring poor dear Charley home? Please tell me he didn't think very badly of uie. Mamma Joins with me in sineerest sympathy. — Yours most sincerely, Beatrice Kennett Hip- grave. P.S. — Mr. Bennett Humlyn has just called. He is awfully grieved about poor dear Charley. I always think of him as Charley still, you know. Do write." There was a long pause. Then Denny observed in a satirical tone — "To be thought of still as 'Charley' is. after all, something." (To be continued.) 