The Position of the Church of I England in Australia. During the recent sitting of the General Synod in Sydney an appeal, Bigned by about 190 clergy men, was presented to the Priinate and the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania earnestly asking them to put forth some definite statement concerning the position and claims of the Church of England in Australia bb a true branch of the Catholic Church of Christ. The appeal Bet forth that, in view or the attitude of the Church- of Rome on the one hand, and of the various ProteBtant bodies on the other, it is becoming increasingly difficult for unin structed Church people to recognise the necessity of consistent and unflinching loyalty to their Spiritual Mother, their duty and privilege to avail themselves of her ministrations, and their obliga tion to support her various institutions and agencies. ? This is the case in the towns and more populous centres, but the difficulty is increased to a still greater degree in the country districts.' The Primate and the 11 assembled bishops, in the course of theii reply to the appeal said : — ' The difficulty of this position exists more or leas at home also, but it is accentuated in the colonies by the fact that the Church of England here is neither establiahed nor endowed. This, however^ is but an accident of her position. She brings with her to Australia the same apostolic orders, the same only sacraments, the same venerable and Scriptural tormnlaties as those which her people in England love and honour. In particular, her Catholicity, is evidenced by her recital in public worship of the Apostles' Creed and Nicene Creed, which she declares 'ought thoroughly to be received and believed,, for they may be proved by moat certain warrants of Holy Scripture.' That her ministry is apoatolic is distinctly asserted in the preface to . her Ordinal : ' It is evident unto all men dili gently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors that from the apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church — bishops, priests, and deacons.' This threefold ministry she cannot surrender, affirming as she does that special gifts ? of the Holy Ghost in. the laying on of hands accompany it. Her teaching on the sacraments is that ' there are two sacraments ordained by Christ in the GoBpel, that is to say, Baptism and the Supper of the Lord ;' that they are ' generally necessary to salvation ;' and that ? they be sure witnesses and effectual signs of grace and God's goodwill towards us, by which He doth work in visibly in us, and doth not only quicken, but also strengthen and confirm our faith in Him.' The second part of the Catechism gives our clergy ample opportunities of instructing the young, both in the Sunday school and in the confirmation class, touching her doctrine on this subject. The atti tude of the Church of England towards* that of Rome is clearly indicated in the Articles of Re ligion, as well as in the various parts of the Book of Common Prayer. It may suffice to remind you of the declaration that ' the Church of Rome hath erred, not only in her living and inanner of ceremonies, but alao in matters of faith.' ' 