PttWieke by Hpuld < Amagutottt M ' 'v'- V;.: r..!j r. Dr. ®umsey's Patient. A VERY STRANGE ST8RY, w ££"S£5,!E£ Jonra Atrmoiis oj "Stobhm iboic in Diasx o». a Docien.' Copyright. GHAP'rifilt XIII. — ( Contiimd.) ' Oh, '.'dear, Robort, you are quite taysterious,' she said witjl a gboBt of a smile; but tlion she met bis eyes and the trouble in thorn startled her. J. -wiBti 1 couia nelp you,' sue saia. De'lotme.' 'You cannot,' he replied harshly, for the look in her face added to his tor tures. 'I shall come, to a conclusion presently. When I come to it I "will return to the house.' ' Theu wo are not to wait up for you ? It is getting quite late, long past nine o'clock.' Do hot sit up for me ; leave the side door on the latch; I will como in pre sently when I have made up my blind on this important matter.' She approached the. door unwillingly ; when she reached the threshold sho turned and faced him. ' I cannot but see that you are worried about something,' she said. ' I know, Robert, that you will have strength to do what is right. I cannot imagine what your worry can-be, but a moral problem with you muBt mean the victory of right over wrong.' 'Maggie, you drive me mad,' he . called after her, but his voice was hoarse, and it did not reaoh her ears. She closed the door, and ho heard her retreating footsteps on the gravel out- Bide. He locked the door once more. 'Thore spoke God and my good angel,' he murmured to himself. ' Help me, Powers of Evil, if I am to follow you ; give mo strength to walk the path of the lowest.' These words had scarcely risen in the , form of aa awful prayer from his lips when once again he hoard his wife's voice at the door. Sho was tapping and calling to him at the Bame time. He opened the door. t. ' "Well ?' he said. ' ' 'I am sorry to disturb you,' she re plied, ' but you really must put off all your reflections for the time being. Whom do you think has just arrived ?' ' 1 cannot guess,' ho answered, in a listless voice. 'Your old friend and mine, Dr. , Rumsey. ' Rumsey 1' replied Awdrey, ' he would bo a strong advocate on your '' Eido, Maggie.' " . ' On my side ?| .she queried. ' ' I cannot explain myself. I will see Rumsoy. It would bo possible for rae to put a question to him which I oould not put to you — ask him to' come to me.' 'He shall come at once,' she answered, ' I am heartily glad that he is here.' : She turned hack and went to the house— she ran up the' front stops— Rumsoy was in the hall, , ' My hearty congratulations,' he said, coming up to her. ' Your lotter con tained such good news that I could net .forbear hurrying down to Grandcourt to take a peep at my strange patient. 1 , always call Awdrey my strange patient. Is it true that he is now quite weii?' ; 'Half an hour.ngo I should have said yes,' replied Margaret ; ' but-1 — ' 'Any recurrence of the eld symp toms ?' asked the doctor. . 'No, nothing of that sort. Perhaps the excitement has been too muoh for him. Coine into the library, will ". you?' She ontered as sho spoke, the doctor following hor. ' I wrote to you when I was abroad,' continued Margaret, ' tolling you the simple fact that my husband's state of . health had gone from hotter to better. He recovered tone of mind and body in the most rapid degroo. This morning I considered him a man of perfect physical health and of keen intellect. You knew during the five years, when the cloud was over his brain he refused to read, and lost grip of all passing events. There is no subject now of "general interest that he cannot talk about ; all matters' of public concern arouso his . strong sympathies. To-day he has boon nominated to stand for this constituency, vacant by the death of our late member. I have no doubt that ho will represent . . us in the House when l'arliamont next eits.' . .'Or porhaps bofore this one rises,' raid the doctor. ' Well, Mrs; Awdrey, 'all this sounds most encouraging, hut I fear from your, manner that you have something not so satisfactory to tell . me ?' ' 'That is so; at the present moment I do not like his state. He was out and . about all day, but instead of returning home to dinner went straight to his : office, where he now is. As far as I can see, lie is doing no special work, . but he will' not como into the house. He ; tolls' me that' he is facing a problem whioh ho also says is a moral one. He refuses to leave the oifloe until he has reached n satisfactory conclusion.' 'Como, hois overdoing it,' said the doctor. I think so. I told him just now that you had arrived ; he asked me to ' bring you to him ; will you come P' . 1 1 'With pleasure.' _ ' ' ' Con yeu do without a meal until you have seen him P' , ' Certainly ; take me to him at onoe.' Mrs. Awdrey loft the house, and took Dr. Rumsey round by the side walk whioh led to the office. The door was mow slightly ajar ; Margaret entered, ilho dootor following behind her. ' Well, my friend,' said Dr. Rumsey, in his oheeriul voice, ' it is good to see you back in your old place again. Your wife's letter was so satisfactory that I could not resist the temptation of coming to see you for myself.' 'I am in perfect health,' replied Awdrey. ' Sit down, wen't you, Rum sey? Margaret, my deal", do you mind leaving us P' v' No, Robert,' she answered. 'I trust ito Dr." Xtumsey to bring yeu back to your mm .. . v.. v-:.-. ' Sho doeB not knew what sho is say ing ,' thought A.wdrey. He followed his wife to the door, and when she went out turned the key in the lock. 'It. is a strange thiug,' ho said, the moment ho found himself alone with his guest, 1 that you, Rumsoy, should bo here at this moment. You wore with mo during the hour of my most terrible physical and mental degradation; you have how come to see me through the hour of my moral degradation-- or victory." ' Your moral degradation or victory ?' said the' doctor ; ' what does this mean ?' It simply means this, Dr. Rumsey ; I am the unhappy possessor of a secret,' 'Ah!' Yes, a secret. Wore this secret known, my wife's heart would be broken, and this honourable house, of which I am tho last descendant, would go to complete shipwreck. I do not talk of myself in the matter.' ' Do you mean to confide in mo ?' asked the doctor, after a pause. 'I cannot, for the simple reason that if I told you everything, you would he hound aB a man and a gentleman to take steps to ensure the dewnfaE which I dread. 'Are you certain that you nre not suffering frem delusion ?' 'No, dootor. I wish I were.' ' You certainly look sane enough,' said the dootor, examining his patient with a keen glance. ' You must allow me to Congratulate you. If I had not seen you with my own eyes I could nevor have believed in such a reforma tion. You are bronzed, your frame has widened, you hare not a scrap of super fluous flesh about you. Lot mo fool yeur arm ; my dear sir, your muscle iso to bo envied.'' ' I was famed for my athletics long ago,' said Awdrey, with a grim smile. ' But now, dootor, to facts. You have come here ; it is possible for mo to toke you into my confidence to a certain extent. Will you allow me to state my oase?' _ ' As yeu intend only to state it par tially it will be difficult for me to ad vise yeu,' said the doctor. ' Still, will you listen ! ' 'I will.' _ ' Well, the fact is this,' said Awdrey. rising, _ ' either God or the devil take possession of me to-night.' ' Gome, came,' said Rumsey, ' you are exaggerating the state of the ease.' ' I am not. I am going through the most desperate fight that ever assailed a man. 1 may get out on the side of good, hut at the present moment I must state frankly that all my inclinations tend to getting out of this struggle on the side whioh will put me into the devil's hands.' ' Come,' said the doctor again, ' if that .is so there can he no doubt with regard to your position. ' You must olose with right OTfen though it is a straggle. Yeu confess to possessing a secret ; that secret is tho oause of your misery ; there is a right and a wrong to it ? ' ' Undoubtedly ; a very great right and a very grave wrong.' ' Then, Awdroy, do not hesitate ; ' he man enough to do the right.' Awdrey turned white. ' You are the second person who has come here to-night and advised me on the side of God,' he said. ' Out with your trouble, maH, and relieve your mind.' 'When I relieve my mind,' said Awdrey, 'my wife's heart will break, and our house will bo ruined.' ' What about you ?' ' I hall go upder.' 'I doubt very muoh if your doing right would over break a heart like your wife's,' said Rumsey, ' but doing wrong would undoubtedly crush her spirit.' ' Thoro you are again — will "no one takotho devil's part? Dr. Rumsey, I firmly believe that it is owing to your influence thatl am now in my sane mind, but when I think of the path which you now advocate, I could curse tho day when you brought me hack to health and sanity. A very little influence on the other side, a mere letting mo alone, and I Bhould now either be a madman or in my grave ; my soorot would have been inviolate to the bitter end. As it is ' There was a noise hoard outside — the sound mudo by a faltering footstep. The brUsh of a woman's dress was distinctly audible against the door; this was followed by a' timid knock; ' ' Who is disturbing us now ?' said Awdrey, with irritation. 'I will seo,' said the dootor. He crossed the room as he spoke and opened the door. An untidily dressed girl with a ghastly faco stood without. When the door was bponcd she peered anxiously into the room. ' Is Mr. Awdrey in ? — yes, I seo him. I must speak to him at once.' She staggered across tho threshold. ' I must see you alone," Squire,' she said — ' quite alone and at once.' ' This has to do with tho matter under consideration,' said tho Squire. 'Come in, Hetty; Bit down, ltumsey, you had heat leave us.' CHAPTER XXIV. A real faint, or suspension of the heart's action, is never a long affair. When Hetty fell in an unconscious state against the body of her dead husband she quiokly recovered herself. Her intellect was keen enough, and Bhe knew exactly what'hud happened. The nice black stuff whioh gave such pleasant dreams had killed Vincent. She had therefore killed him. Yes, ho was stone dead — she had seen death once or twice bofore, and could not possibly mistake it. She had seon hor mother die long ago, and had stood by the deathbed of mote than one neighbour. The oeld, the stiffness, the gray-white appearance, all told her hnvond «> possibility doubt that life was not only extinct, but had been extinct for at least a couple of hours. Her hus band' was dead. When she had given him that fatal doBe he had been in -tho full vigour of youth 'and health — now he was dead. Sho had never loved him in life, although he had been an affec tionate husband to hor, but at tbis moment Bhe shed a few tears for him. Not many, for they were completely swallowed up in the fear and terror which grew greater and greater each moment within her. He was dead, and she.had killed him. Long ago she had concealed the knowledge of a murder because .she lovod the man who had committed it. Now she had committed murder herself — not intentionally, no, no. No more had she intended to kill Vincent than Awdrey when he was out that night had intended to take the life of Horace Erore. But Erore was dead, and now Vincont was dead, and Hetty would he tried for the orirae. No, surely they , could not try her — they oould not possibly bring it home to her. How oould such a little, timid, woak creature be supposed to take the life of a big man ? She had never intended to injure him — sho had only intended to give him a good sleep, to rest him thoroughly — to deceive him, of course — to doa thing which she know might break bis heart ; but to take his life, no, nothing was further from hor thoughts. Nevertheless the deed was done. Oh, it was horrible, horrible — she hated being so close to the doad body. It was no longer Vincent, the man who would have protected her at the risk of his life, it was a hideous dead body. She would get away from it — she would creep up close to Rover. No wondor Rover hated tho room ; perhaps he saw tho spirit of hor 'husband. Oh, how frightened she was. "What was tho matter with her side ? — why did her heart heat so strangely, galloping one, two, three, then pausing, then one, two, three again? — and the pain, the sick, awful pain ! Yes, sho knew — she was sick to death with terror. Sho got up presently from where sho had boon kneeling by her dead hus band's sido and staggered aoross to" the fireplace. She tried wildly to think, hut she found herself incapable of rensoning. Shivering violently, she approached the table, poured out a cup of tho cocoa, which was still hot, ami managed to drink it off. The worm liquid revived her, and she felt a shade better aud more capable of thought. Her eno_ instinct was now to savo her self. Vincent was dead — no ono in all the world oould bring him haolc to life, but, if possible, Hetty would so act that not a soul in all the country would suspect her. How could she make things safe ? If it were known, known everywhere, that sho was away from him when ho died, then of course Bhe would be safe. Yes, this faotmust he known. Once she had saved the Squire, now the Squire must save hor. It must bo known every where that she had sought an interview with him — that at the time when Vin cent died she was in the Squire's pre sence, shut up in the office with him, the door looked — she and the Squire alone together. This secret, which she would have fought to the death to keep to herself an hour ago, must now be blazoned abroad to a criticising world. The lesser danger to the Squire must be completely swallowed up in tho greater danger to herself. She muBt hurry to him at once and get him to tell 'what he know. Ah, yeB, if he did this sho would bo safe — she remem bered the right word at last, for she had heard the neighbours speak of it when a celebrated trial was going en in Salisbury — she must prove an alibi — then it would ho known that she had been absent from home when her hus band died. to be continued. 