r.fSX.V-'KiaBts Rbservbd.] NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER’S CONSPIRACY. By the author of “Effib Seaton;” “Jessie Mklvu.i.e “ Lucr, iiie Factokt Gibe,”' “ Eustace, the Outcast.” CHAPTER XXII.—(Cokiikobd.^ ' ««I can’t believe it, cried Aiberfc Clayton, with his usual generosity of sentiment and freedom from suspicion. “ It’s impossible that yon appearance of shame and remorse iould bo deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction with which he espoused our side. Had as ho was "Walsh had not a sneaking, smooth, de ceiving way with him. I have studied him a good deal, and I believe he is what he seems, whether ho means well or ill. Ho can’t put a face or act a part.” “But how explain this sudden and unex pected flight?” asked "William in a tone of incredulity. “Call it absence, not flight,”, returned Albert. “Inexplicable it is to us now, but wait a little, and in all likelihood he will ex- j plain it himself.” His . listeners^ flhoolc . ho»c3s„ Mr*--. Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the -worst. William Simo counselled the instant adoption of measures to frustrate any attack which might bo mado upon them. If Walsh was gono to toll all ho had learned, and all that had happened him, there was no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chipps would with all speed try to remedy the misfortune. Still Albert clung to his hope in the reality of Walsh’s repentance, and would not admit that he thought he had turned traitor. And so the day passed, and he did not return. The morrow arrived, and still ne came nui/. AH the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited for him. At 3ark they were seated in the blue parlour, snch more convinced than ever that he had Detrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, but ho did not so readily and confidently •xpress his faith in him. As they sat conversing' on the subject, the door was quietly opened, and "Walsh glided m and sat down in the nearest chair he came •.A universal exclamation greeted his ap pearance, and all rose and gazed upon him. Ho was very pale and seemed wearied and exhausted. Ilis chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was a light'of ploaeuro in his cye^ and an expres- j sion of satisfaction on his features. “Oh, James, where have you been?” asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached j “You thought, of course, that I had de serted,” he said, in a faint tone—“gone off to see Chipps with information against you all Ah, I see you did. Well, don’t wonder at it, for I deserve to be suspected, and the 6ecretway I went off looked traitorous.” “ We had all bad thoughts of you except Albert,” cried William Sifcie. “Ho would never allow us to say that you had turned false, but was strong in the belief that you would return with an explanation.” “Hid you, sir?” exclaimed Walsh, his face flushing with pleasure. “Were you so generous towards mo—you who had most \- ,tT —that’s all.” “ Bless you for your good opinion, sir,” rejoined Walsh, in a grateful tone. “It is not the first time you hare said so, and your words, as much as anything, made me re solve to do right. Well, I would have told you I was going, bat I thought if you knew my intentions you might try to hinder mo. Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, and I don’t like anybody to know when I fail. However, I haven’t failed, for hero’s the paper.” And as he spoke he drew from his bosom a folded document, and handed it to Nelly, who stood in front of him. j “ITy father’s will!” exclaimed Nelly, who j recognised it in a moment, and stood with it <n her hand, staring at Walsh in astonish xne latter noauea, winked, ana smiled in a satisfied way. : r “ How in all the world did you get it?” in quired Albert. “ Went to Leeds for it,” answered Walsh". '•'! couldn’t rest till I got that paper,, for X thought it would be some small atonement to the girl for my share in her bad usage, and serve to show you all it was no sham repent ance that I professed.” ^“Thon'you saw Chipps and demanded it “ Not likely,” returned Walsh. “I knew that was the worst wuv to go about it, so I did not attempt it. Chipps knows nothing about it being here, but thinks it quite safe in his secret drawor. How I got it there, or into the.house at all without anybody seeing me, it doesn’t matter. There’s the will, and both Bob Preston and Chipps are done out of the property.” “ Bravo!” cried Albert. “ That’s a stun ning trick. We have the ball wholly at our feet now; they are bafiled at every point.” ' “Oh, James—James!” screamed Mrs. Walsh, as she sprang forward to support her husband, who had suddenly placed his hand upon his breast. She was just in time to re ceive him as ho fell heavily forward. Ho had fainted. ■ This threw them all into great agitation, outby Albert’s presence- of-mind promptly conveyed to the- tooth, ho had so | long occupied, and laid upon his bed. In iv few miuutes he revived, and confessed that the journey had been too much for him, and thot it had knocked him up a good bit, but he find no doubt a few Lours rest would re vive him.” “Tell me,” cried .Albert, who had a pain ful suspicion of tho true state of the case, 44 did you spend any portion of last night in the open air.” Walsh hesitated a few moments. ■“ Well, yes, I did,” he at length replied, “I was forced to watch a while opposite Chipp’s door for an opportunity to get into the house. As luck would have it, ho did not soon go.to bed, and I had to stand waiting for a couple of hours or so.” t‘-w‘ ^n(l where did you spend the rest of tho oigfitJ” asked Albert. “ On,sin a snug place,” returned Walsh. “ Wasjt unfler a roof?” ’ “Well,” laughed Walsh, “if you will have it, I spent the rest of a night in a hay stack outside tho town. I had strong reasons r... a :-rs. +r> onw Timisp. in I/eeds, ns A for not going to any house in Leeds^os wanted to bo oS hero by the first tram. - 1, a j sure you had spent tho night in such a place,” observed Albert, shaking his he«TTnw did you guess it?” asked Jim, with a curious look. i “By those seeds on your coat, was the quiet answer. , , “ Gad, sir, you would make a capital de tective," said Jim. “But,” he continued “I was baulked after all, for I fell sound asleep, and didn’t wake in the morning till .after the train had passed. The next was a •mail, and confound it, X hadn’t the full fare, ,-bo X had to walk several miles.” _ “Good God!” ejaculated Albert. ‘‘The rexposure and fatigue after such a fever. “My poor husband,” sighed Mrs. ^rYaisu, •Jier arms about his neck and kissing him. .Margaret also cam© forward and took his hand and Nelly said how very sorry she was i that he had endured so much for her. “ What was it to what you endured at my i hands?” returned Walsh,'who was shaking | and shivering with a new attack of fever. I Ho strove hard to suppress all manifestation of suffering, but soon his brain was again affected, and once more the fever- fiend had him in his.power.- Weak as ho was, this re lapse shook and shattered him to a terrible degree. On the eighth day the doctor told him that the crisis was come, and shook his head sadly in prospect of tho issuo. Ho was then sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm, tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoyed, when the delirium left him. The doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. ‘ About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor took hold of his arm and felt his pulse. It was wild and ir regular: ~ Ho ordered boo thing powders and -rose to iro. 111 flic blue parlOUT"Uw- »rtts-oui-rwaM»«^* wj the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. ♦ “Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doc tor,” sobbed tho weeping wife. “Out of .a kind feeling you may bo tempted to deceive as, but it will bo a mercy'to dcelaro to us tho truth.” . f> “I am glad you have put it to me tftus,^ returned tho doctor. “ My painful duty ib to inform you that ho will not recover. “ God’s will be done,” groaned Mrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the p.hamhnr of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, nna put tbe question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to bis best interests to deceive him, and told what was tbe doctor's opinion. To every one tbe near and certain prospect of death is solemn aud awful, but however firmly and composedly they may bo ablo to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contem plate, while to some it is utterly appalling-. Of the latter number was Jim Walsh, luo eircumstanccs in which the solemn prospect had approached him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately ho had scoil'cd at the hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, but that was when he was strong and full robust life—it was when he was in the full and unchecked tide of his wicked career. Now he was stricken down with weakness, life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn problem. He could not so scoff and sneer at it now. The divine witness within him^ose □p to force its claims on his attention, and the deep instincts of his soul would not cast aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related. There are men in our day who, ■ led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, , have gone far astray ^rom ttid ancient land marks. The Bible, the'js,say, ns for tlio most part a collection of beautiful-fairy. tales, im mortality is a mere matter gf opinion, God is t( an eternal, not ourselves,’? Pr 4‘a stream of tendency ” that makes "for righteousness, and life itself is a thing to bo’lived in righteous . "cs1! a^d sclf-dengd certainly, but not as in when a heavenly power* lrresisfciilly inanifeMs” itself to us, and wb feel that the great articles of our faith rest not upon doubtful interpretations of obscure passages, hut upon the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. Tho result"'briefly and shudderingly ar rived at by. Walsli was that there was a hereafter, and he was about to meefc it. Wo say shudderingly; for if it meant anythingto him it meant retribution. There he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgressions, any single one of which must produce^ a fearful reckoning. No wonder then ^that Jim "Walsh was appalled when ho knew that he had only a few days—perhaps J only a few hours—to live. One comfort there l was for him, and he could not help clinging to I is. xii.n jiiau ueeu—lulli une m cue cioing oi I which ho had virtually sacrificed his life— . whs of an atoning kind—atoning, that is, in a human sense; for it was the rendering a signal service to a girl be had wronged. He was not a little satisfied at having done it, even though it had led him'within tho portals and shadow of death. But oh ! kb bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for his wastod life—hislongcourso of vice and crime —and in his extremity he asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted him, and duringthat time by the help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, ho wan prepared in some small degree for the dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. Ho was told in what direction to look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hymn, which he uttered with a vehement earnestness. On this raft he committed his departing 60ul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who daresay that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet he could not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust he was enabled to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust. His hope sprang out of utter abandonment; his faith could not, perhaps, bo defined. And so he died; and his faithful wife, who had I closed ihg'aoul, about to wing its way to the bar of judgment. Lot the veil hang down, let none of its sable folds be disturbed, let us leave the dead one to the justice and mercy that reigns be hind it, assured that mercy will joyfully descend where justice can give her room. He was buried in the Necropolis, followed to the grave by very few, but Albert Clay ton and William Sime lowered the coffin re verently into the grave, and tho former dropped a tear on the lid before the earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. On their way back, when passing a stationer’s shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill which contained the contents of that morning’s paper, and one line which met his bye caused him to pause and start. The line was this: “Death of Sir Humphrey Clayton.” Gbaptec ESltt ALBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW WITH MU. BELL, THE SOLICITOR—. CHIRPS AND BOB PRESTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME OP WALSH. Albert rushed into the shop and bough la newspaper, and he and William went, into an entry to read an account of Sir Humphreys death. It was a short paragraph,’ !,ni1 stated that tho Baronet hnd died suddenly, two days previously.at the family resilience in Leads; • It was added that, owing to tho recent melancholy death of his sou, the estate would go to the , child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would no doubt be placed under trustees. “ This event calls for prompt action bn my part.” exclaimed Albert, as.hurriedly: folding i up tho paper they issued again into 'the street. I “ I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rry ; out iny resolution of consulting with Mr. Bell, | and pulling the case into his hands.” _ ! .Accordingly, that afteruoou, Albert, in his I mike up as a Prenchmau.with wig, moustaches, and spectacles, departed in the train. It was dark when tie~reacbed Leeds, and he proceeded direct to Mr. Bell’s chambers. He had cot seen that gentleman for several years—seldom, indeed, since he had ceased to act as his father’s lawyer. He wondered, there fore if he would recognise him, and thought if he did, what a shock Jie would receive on being visited by one whom he considered dead. Musing thus,he rang the bell of tho solicitors chambers, and the answer to his inquiry, if Mr. Bell was within, was made hesitatingly in the affirmative. The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity and suspicion at the very French-look ing personage who stood before her, and held the door iu her hand without inviting him to come'in. • • *■ • <* Can I not see Mr. Bell ? ” inquired Albert. “ Is he'engnged ? ” ; *• I think he is,” she answered. “ He has just got dinner, and he always has a sleep after it; Perhaps you would call again it your business is not very important.” •* It does bappeu to be important, though, observed Albert; “ and as be is closeted only with Morplu-us,I’ll take tho risk of interrupting the consultation. Will you please, therefore, show me to his room ? ” Seeing that the queer-looking viator was not to be put off. the girl led the way along the lobby, and showed him into a room shelved rouud and furnished*with a very large business table This was evidently the solicitors office. The table, immense as it was,groaned under the piles of tape-secured papers. The shelves wore filled with numerous other packages and neatly painted tin boxes. In front of the table was a | capacious chair, covered with black leather, and | at unn side was a cushioned‘so fa, apparently for the Mwum)n<*dution Albert sat down on the latter, and had'not lou^^when-v t^i^dogr thg:, sleepy in* theextremc. Clearly enough he had been roused from a sound nap. Mr. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly, jovial alderman than n lawyer. His corpora tion was really something to boast of, being not only huge, but well-proportioned, and sustained, by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short, bub upon it there was a large round head, well covered with light, curly hair. Ho bad a pleasant, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, ashort nose, aua a very sparkling and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have said, in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a full development of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance that ho was intellectually qualified for his profession.. Bestowing a look of inquiry on his visitor. Mr. Bell went forward to the table, and de posited his corpulent body in the easy chair, during which process Albert was quietly divest ing hirnself of his wig, moustaches, and specta cles, whereby he was changed from a shoulder shrugging Frenchman into a well-favoured youth with a bright, laughing eye. The metauicrphcsis naturally made the law yer look at him more narrowly and fixedly. •‘A niddical student who has got himself into a'scrapo,:’tbaugbtMr,Bell,who but dimly caught sight of his ieaturvs. ■ ■ • Albert rose aud came silently to the other side of the table, where the gas shone full upon him. There he stood with his rouud blue eye fixed on the lawyer, and a smile playiug rouud his mouth. Mr. Bell started,rubbed his eyes more vigor ously thun before, and stared at the youth in astonishment. It requires something very ex traordinary to throw a lawyer—especally a .shrewd, self-possessed lawyer like Mr Bell into such visible amazemeut. For some moments Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying the astonishment and perplexity depicted on the other’s face. “ Do you know me, Mr. Bell ? w ho at length asked,striving all he could to suppress a twinkle in his eye. . «• Kuow you ? ” repeated the astonished law yer. •* I think I do, and if I do, by Heavon ! I must be speaking to a ghost.” Albert laughed outright. •* Does a ghost come disguised in wig and spectacles ? ” ho said. «* I don’t know,” answered the solicitor. “ I never had a visit from one before.” •» l should think not. Weil I am not oue either. Iam distinctly in the body, I can assure . ♦» Then am I right in supposing you to be Tako i3" " —•«* ■ ■. — ** Certainly not. I was very nearly murder ed there, but, as good luck would have it, I was pulled out after my murderer had gone off, deeming that his kind intentions towards mehad been entirely fulfilled. My deliverers restored me to animation, and I thought it as well to keep retired for a time. My father’s death has, however, brought me out of concealment, and I have come to you to get advice, and in fact to put myself aud a , very singular case in your hands.” ; 44 Bless my soul and bedy! I was never raoro astonished in all my life,” ejaculated Mr. Bell, recovering rapidly, and getting into his usual1 state of coolness. “ It was au intended murder,* was it ? Who wanted you out of the way ?” 4‘ My stepmother. Lady Clayton.” ‘•Good Heaven ! wflS that the way of it ? She. wished the estate for her own child, and hired: the man who went with von to thfilnkn to nnf: • you out of the way ? ' 11 is exactly it,” replied Albert. *• It is a sbockug business : and they say they 1 thiuk you are dead ?” ' “ They’ve not a doubt-of it—neither her lady ! ship nor Mr. Ckipps, her Inwyer.” ; Ha !n exclaimed the solicitor, catching his r breath. had Chipps a hand in it r” ■ “ He was art aud part. He it ‘was who arraugeu with the murderer, aud bargained for his services/1 _ . * j*31, f-kat. IJve long had a Hatred or that low, cunning blackguard, but if. wc can make this oufc'l have bim neck and heel li. ins own trap. I would give a good deal to ■‘Lf; the long-necked rascal swinging in a hal ter. and her ladyship with him, for 1 hare al «nys heen of opinion that they are equally “Six and half a dozen,” rejoined Albert. *• However bad they are wc can’t put them in a halter, for you see no murder was committed.” '• We can trauspurt them, though.” “ Tossibly, but 1 don’t want that, cither 'ILitl want is to baffle them both by gettiuc the estate for-tbe rightful heir.” “Any easy matter that, at all cveDts,’ said j!r. Ball. ■ “ All you have to do is to turn up at the !;ou«c and get yourself served.” Myself ? No, no, 1 am not the heir.” *f You are not the heir of Clayton ?” said Mr. Util, m great surprise. “ ’flieu who is ?” ^ My nephew. The only sou of my cider “ Whew !” eaid the solicitor, laying his two I hands on his ample paunch. >• Another mystery.”. h^^Yfl^ialnd-innre-nf thn siuneAdifi plot. • Bui detail. ' It is rather a long onejtBdirsjrrveree*. rive "you InlbrTnStion- wliicn it is ol tHc’utmo.st importance that you’should 'have, if'-yoa can spare he time, I shall-” ’ • . “ Say no more,’’ cried Mr. Bell, who was now fully interested. “ I am disengaged for the evening, and were I not, I would make myself free, fur this is a matter of paramount import ance. Just wait till we get a bottle of wine, aud then let ine have the whole affair.” “ A bottlo of wine and two glasses, Bessie.” BcssiB vanished, and quickly returned with the articles named. : It was something rich to see how she stared, first at Albert, and then at the wig and spectacles that lay on the table. She was too discreet a servant, however, to take auy further notice, and made her exit, after bestowing another wondering glance on the strange visitor. “Now for it,” said. Mr. Bell, pouring onto glass for himself, bandibg the battle across,and laying himself out at full length in his easy Albert drew forward the seat to' which’ Mr. Bell pointed, sat himself down and began his narrative. Briefly.yot euccinctly.and minutely, be gave the substauce of all with which the - reader has been made acquainted in the fore going chapters..; The -lawyer listened not only with patience, but with absorbed attention— the story, as it was told, bringing to his face varied expressions of.-indignation, satisfaction, ind doiight;" ‘‘At ;that>point which related to Harry,'and tiie cruelty to which he w»s subjects sd at' the hands of Chipps, his teeth were set firmly together.- His eyes flashed and his hands twitched nervously. The viilanous plot against Nolly likewise provoked him to honest anger, out other portions, especially towards the close, which made all things secure for justice, gave imh inteuse delight. “ (lad, Mr. Clayton,” he exclaimed, when Albert was done, “ we have the ball rntirely at our feet. You have managed the matter nobly, ind circumstances have played into our. hands with singular good iuck. W’eare in a position to j ihiyer their hellish scheme to atoms, and 1 shall . rain- a' triumph over Chipps : which will tully J repay the evil trick he and her ladyship did in j jetting mo ousted as your father’s ageut:” ! “That,” returned Albert, “ was.aistyp .1 j itrongly disapproved of and deplored, hut my I lather was getting weak in the mind, and Jere-1 lei had gained such a power over him ; sbe in ■ ler turn, i suspect, :being the puppet of ■ “ Oh, I understand the thing perfectly,** said j Hr Bell. 41 It dorsmt matter now,.for we can ; mffle them, and that’s everythiug. The death if Walsh, of course,* prevents ua. frorn pressing igainst them the crime of intended murder,and, is you’say, it might do us no gdodto* bring up Shipps for his conduct‘to the poor boy,. .It wi»i jo enough of revenge to: us »nd mort«Dcatum Uj ;heUi to knock away every plnuk-Xroui. beneath ;heir feet, and leave them floundering in the 44 Then you will take the case in hand ?” said ihe youth. Won’t I !” exclaimed the solicitor. 44 Never lid 1 enter on one with more gusto. Let me iec now. If they are audacious enough to show agbt, as I believe they will—for Chipps/iko t he worm that he is,will crawl though he is chopped into bits—of course, their defence against the I claims of Harry will be that he is illegitimate.^ “ Deborah Dickson can prove the opposite/ I laid Albert, hastily. * ! 44 Of course she can;-and probably we shall be ible to bunt up the certificate. But tho plea, aven if it stood good, would not help them a oit, for suppose Harry’s claim set aside; you some in next. They can’t make you a bastard on any pretence.” . . “Thank goodness, no,” said Albert emphatic ally. *‘But Harry is not illegitimate,«nd nothing shall keep him out^if the estate ; I would not take it, even if the law gave it to me.” “ Well, well,” smiled r Mr. Bell, 44 all very good, 1 don’t think you’ll have un opportunity for the display of such magnanimity,* for, if I can roly on .all tho points of ypur story, as no doubt I may, it will not/bo difficult po make the' boy’s.claim good. It is tho dnty-.pf.ajawyer to* -ilnro»*ce which it is proDat)lobr.posjdbio for tjpe ni.j.osite JN iug that neither his success nor his failure can do her the least good. Besides, you aro the onty party to take steps a'gamsthinr. And were you a greedy, grasping adventurer, and I.ft law yer or the Chipps stamp, I have no doubt we might mfaUhge to defraud the boy, and put you in the possession of Clayton.”'” * (to be continued.) 