CHAPTER VI. THE LEGEND 01 EAKISMERE. ' No game is too ohildish for Christmas Eve ; everyone ought to romp then. Bosides, I mean to let tho Marquis of Misrulo reign in old Earlesraere this year j so we will have snapdragon and forfeits, and, oh, of course, ghost stories ! No Christmas would bo complete without thorn.' The speaker was Lady Merivale; her fair face flushed, her eyes dangerously bright.^ She was all life and sparkle and gaiety, as she moved among her guests, showing no signs of tho agony of rage and remorse that in the morning had surged aoross her stormy heart. 'What shall we have first P' she continued gaily. 'Isn't thoro some sort of fortune telling that's the proper thing to do— walking out in tho snow, or looking into a mirror at midnight, so as to see the face of every sweotheart you havo over had. t What a bevy of beauty would confront some of you gentlemen. I daresay you havo forgotten half tho women you have professed to love.' She lowered hor voice as sho spoko tho last words, almost wins poring them in Valentino Vordon's ear, Ho started and his uneasy Buspioious woke again. 'You wrong me, Lady Mori vale,' ho said, ' I assure you I'm uo lady killer.' He would have moved away from her side, for Marion had just en tored tho room, and the girl avoided him so persistently he was eager to seize every opportunity to bo near hor ; but Lady Merivalo laid a white, jewelled hand upon his arm. ' Perhaps not,' she said mean ingly, ' aud yet there must bo some memory iuyou heart you try to for get, some old love you havo en deavoured to kill, yot which smoulders still ready to 'awaken,' Yerdon looked straight into hor languorous eyes, and his suspicions beamo certainty, He know this lovely fair-haired woman, holding her court in that ancestral home, had onco been the.Oarlotta Correlli ho had thought ho loved. Sho chose to deny, her identity, and he could not well deuounco her. On tho wholo, ho was not sorry for tho discovery. No pulse beat the faster no norve thrilled at her presence ; ho .knew- his love for her was dead, and its very grave forgotten. ' Your ladyship is making mo a hero of romance,' ho, said, ' but, unfortunately, liko most romances, it is till fiction, I. havo no such memories as you would credit me with,' ' For an instant the black eyes flashed fiercely in jealous pain, then her ladyship's silvery laugh rang out again, never more soft and musical than then. ? ?? , , ' Men wero decoivers ever,' she quoted archly, and, laying her hand upon the arm of ono of her ad mirers,- who was standing near,, ewepther sombre, ? trailing skirts across the room. A STORT OF THE PAST. ' No fury like a woman scorned.' Some vaguo instinct made the words rise in Valentino Veredon's mind, and, though his lips smiled, afaint foreboding stirred in his heart, 'By Jove! I wish her ladyship had forgotten as oompletely as I have;' he thought, as ho mado ? his way.to Marion's side. She welcomed him with a smile, and dib not try to escape. Here, in that crowded drawing-room any mention of thsir love waB.imposBible, and for a little while she dared to indulge in the dangerous sweotness of his companionship. Surely there could be no disobedience to her dead fathor in that. Some ono had asked Lady Merivalo to sing, and, as a sudden hush fell upon the throug, . her voice rang out, thrilling and power ful, laden with ,such a burden of passronato pain, that tho words she sang, her eyes had wandered down the long room, to fix themselves on Valentine Verdon's face. ' I linger by tho very spot Where years ngo we met And wonder when you quite forgot, Or if you quite forget, And tender yearnings rise again For the love that used to be. If you could know that I was true, And I that you weVe free,' To be Continued. 