THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, the conjurer, relates some of his experiences to a writer in the " English Illustrated Magazine " :—" Apart from mere objective illusion," he says, " apparitions exist' only iu iu>«gina<ibii. ' The great proof of this is the qm-stiou of clothes. If sp-rits appeared !i»;e some of the * living pictmes,' apparently in the nude, one migiit.be in'- clii»Hl to believe in tlioir reality, I believe I was the first to suggest this objection, (about 30 years aj»o. I was i av'ng a <Hscussion with Mr. ' Benjamin Coleman. ® i.liami-d, ' Tile Father of English >5|»iiiliialisu,' a very nice, amiable, and credulous old gentleman. He was desrribing a seance he had ait-ended aud where.a lady 6aw the. spirit of her grandfather. ..She had never seen biiii in enrth-liie, but recognised bim from a painting. 'The s irit apper.red in periwig, knee-breeches, ant. a ^reen.coat .with gjlt buttons. * Then,'saiil i, ' this lady not only saw; the spirit of her graiv<lf«tlier, but also- the spirit of liis gretn.cuat and gilt hattons !Mr. Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled expression. I continued : • Do you really believe that tl;ere is such a thing as the spirit of a coatr'i No. 1 said he, I can't think that., and I can'tj account for the appearance of the clothes, hot II will ask .the' spirits.' . The old .gentleman told, me afterwards that he had consulted 4 Katey King ' upon the subject. Kaley King. as you may remember, was a very popular epiritat that time, so much so that she wis frequently known to have appeared at several seances at the 6ame moment. She was also t-he apirit who was'said! to have carried. Mrs..Guppy . from Ball's Pond to I-mrab's, Conduit- street, and it was tbe exposure of "tllTs spirit' which sent poor! Robert IJale Owen to a lunatic asylum. Well, Katey> King shirked Sir, Coleman's question for some time, but be persisted in having ai'i "answer, and at last slie-replied, 5 Why. of course, we materialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explacation to the Spiritualists, but even the most credulous' members of the• Society for Psychical Research cannot at present believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they, could, they would at once accept every nightmare story as a spiritual visitation. That cunninfc old impostor, Mdine. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this diificulty by inventing the theory that there is an * iusttal bedy' of counterpart to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must, be an astral sea-serpenf , an astral big gooseb' rry—in fact, an astral world and a astral universe." 