FORT FRAYNE. ? 1-- — ? — . By CAPTAIN CHARLES KIN'G (U.S.A.), Author of 'The Colonel's Daughter,' 'Be- tween the Lines.' &c; * , CHAPTER XI.— (CoaufciBued.) 'iiou and Aunt Loieretia wiH have to keep house bv yoursebres to-night, little sister,' mid he laughing ,.y, as he bent tp kiss her good-bye. 'Cor^jral Eorke is to sleep at the house, so that you will not lack for gua?ds. Where's Will?' 'He's with his mother in the parlor, and just too miserable for anything,' said Kitty, wJio now that she could see for herself the preparation for a march, began to feel far more sympathy for her lover, if not actually to wish that she were a man and could go to. Ellis, quick to notice Ormsby's coming, bad slipped back within the hall and par tially closed the door. Glancing over her shoulder she could see that her mother had left her reclining chair and was bending fondly over Will, smoothing his tumbled liah: and striving to soothe and comfort him, but it was evident that Will was sorely hurt, for he turned away in irrepressible cliagrin and distress and covered his face TviiL his hands. Helen Daunton, forgetful for the moment of her own bitter trouble. j:;id sought to aid her friend in consoling tiie boy, but it was her first experience in sucli a case. She had never realised what it meant to a proud :and. ambitious young soldier to be. held in garrison when Ms com rades were being sent to the field; and find ing presently that she could be of little aid, slie drew away toward the window to join the chaplain and his wife, who were gazing out upon the'parade, when the stirring notes of adjutant's call canie trilling through the hazy moonlight and with a groan that seemed to rise from tlie depth of his heart, l-oor Will threw himsef face downward up on the. sofa, utterly refusing to be coin forled. 'Come,' said the chaplain in a low tone. 'They will be better left to themselves. Let us go out and see the troops form line,' and hastily quitting the parlor they came suddenly upon Ellis lingering at the outer -]oor. 'Mr Ornisby was saying good- bye to Kit ty.' she nervously explained, 'and I remain ed here for a moment. He is 6till there.' y«s, still tuere, although he had said adieu to his little sister and the squadron was ra ])i-l!y forming on the parade. Still there, ami looking now arid then beyond Kitty's pretty, pathetic little face, clouded with a trouble altogether new to it. Still there, and longing for. a sight of tihe face he loved as te did no other, despite all its coldness and aversion. Then they came hurrying forth— the old dominie and his faithful help meet, the two young and beautiful women — and at sight of them Ormsby suddenly dis mounted, and, passing the reins to his or derly, ran nimbly up the steps and extended his hand. 'Gocl night, chaplain— Good night, Mrs. Ransom. We count on eating our Christmas dinner here, despite the night march. Good night, Miss Farrar,' he add ed, gravely, gently. 'We still hope to be here to wish you . Merry Christmas. Please extend my sympaitMes to WilL I know how hard it is for him to stay. Good night, Mrs. F ? Mrs. Daunton,' he stumbled on, and extended to her the hand which he had withheld from Ellis. 'Oh, pardon me. Did Farrar give you a note I entrusted to him for you?' 'Xot yet, Mr. Ormsby. He has hardly tliorght of anything but his grief at being retained here.' 'Well, ask 'him for it before ten o'clock. It—' and he was .halting painfully now, for Eilis, withdrawing a pace from the group, Tvas gazing straight into his face— 'it— it ex plains itself. You'll understand it Good night— good night, all. I must hurry.' And with that he ran down the steps and oat of the gate, mounted quickly, and with out a backward glance rode quickly away to rake his place by the colonel's side. : Ano tL?r moment, and the adjutant, galloping out in front of the long line of horses, had presented the squadron to Major Wayne, ?md that distinguished officer, unexpectedly awake and lively, lost no time in prelimino rii's, but broke his command at once into I coiumn of fours, -and with the band playing I its joyous march music, and with old Fen I ti-n himself in the lead, away they went I down the winding road to tine flats to the I east. Once out of the garrison, the band I w!i«?]ed out of column sand played the troo I pers by, then trotted back to unsaddle for I the night Men, women, and chil* I dren, the population of Fort Frayne,^ ga I tl'ned along the eastern edge of the plateau, I and silently., and in not a few cases, tear I fully watched the column out of sight in I the dim, ghostly light,- and then little Trum I potfr Meineeke came out from the guaxd I licuae and trilled the martial curfew that I . sent them shivering homeward — on ominous I Christmas Eve tattoo. I CHAPTER Xn. I T-*n o'clock, and no one yet came riding I back from the column with later newa Al I most as soon as the command had disap I peared from view Mrs. Farrar had gone I home, Helen, Ellis, Kitty, and Will in close I atteii-iance, and there -they were presen-tily I joined by Aunt L-ucretia, whose volubility I even calamity seemed powerless to check, I and then to .tihe relief of all the women, Cap ? tain Leale knocked, and was promptly ad I 'I am in search of my right-hand man,' I said he, with his bright, cordial emile. I uThey tell me he is playing Achilles and ? sulking in his tent, but I -have work for him ? to do,' and then once more did Kitty loot ? remoEstrance, for she could form no idea of 1 work for him that did not involve' depriv ? ation for her. I 'You are not going to send Mr. Farrar ? away after all,' she began, but Leale laugOi ? nisly checked her. I 'Far from it,' said he. 'I need him at I the guardhouse, and mean to put him in ? charge of the prisoners when they come in. ? TLe chances are that the colonel will haye ? to arrest not a few of those fellows, and ? he'll do it in the interest of peace and geod ? order, despite the fiafet that he has no war ? rant. Axe you ready, sir?' I 'i'm ready and willing to do any duty, ? Captain Leale,' answered Will, ruefully. ? But I was the first to volunteer for that ? courier ride to Big Koad; and I think tihe ? colonel ought to have given it to me. Til ? «e officer of the guard to-morrow, anyhow, ? and would 3ust as 'lief begin now. Shall I ? come at once?' ? ''Yes, the second relief goes on in a few ? minutes, and you. -would better inspect them.. ? Everything is started right You have a ? capital sergeant of flie guard. I want the ? sentries on the north and feast 'bluffe Instruct ? ed to listen for all sounds from the east, and ? to keep a close watch -m fiiat plant of Bun ? o- Jim'S- Watcih «v«y movement in that ? *°wdy town over ycmder,- though I believe ? most of the populace' has already ridden I kilily»at the ' toiddine of *he «^a3tea cowboy ? Wm bent over anfl i&seA; 3aSs inoGier's ? forehead. ? 'm get my.ffwosrd and- go fit ? !»n«e,' said 3ie, 'and Til be back ob soon oa ? J;ve made tie rounds of the second relief. ? l suppose nobody inere means to turn in for ? aa hour yet. We ought to have news of ? some kind before midnigiht.' With tihat he ? J,m-:kly left the little pairlor, nad vaulting ? P* i«-w fence, let himself ia at hfe'own door ? 1? the adjoining bachelor roost Mrs. ? 'auntan, who had been occupying heteelf I «» *° i/ixs J^raar, presenitly airose and ? pepped into the haiUway, took e lieavy wrap ? aad noiselessly quitted Hie' house. Surprte H ^ C^ptafin Leale looked about him for an ? ^Planation. Ellis had drawn aside the curtain, and withpale, set faee, was gazing, fixedly out upon the parade. Kitty looked bewildered. It was Mrs. Farrar who spoke. 'This has been a 'trying day for Helen. S,ie is not strong, I fear, and to-night she is so nervous and jinstriuig that she seems to shrinJt from company or conversation. I have never known her so distracted. I fancy she wonts to be alone a few minutes and to take the fresh air on the 'gallery.' Elite moved impatiently, but said not a, word. She could see that so far from hav ing stopped on the gallery, Helen Daunton had hastened through the gate, and, turning' to Will's, quarters next door was there awaiting his reappearance. The boy came oat in a moment, his sword at his side, and wrapping his cloak about Mm, stopped short in evident surprise at sight of Mrs. Daunton. Ellis well understood the purport* of the con versation that ensued, though she could hear no word. Will searched one pocket after another, then ran back into the house, came forth again in less than a minute, handed a square white envelope to Mis. Daunton, and, raising his forage cap in farewell, hastened away across the parade. Ashamed of her espionage, yet fascinated, Ellis lingered at the window and saw Helen tear open the erne elope, and draw forth a little pacaket or roll, which she closely inspected and rapid ly counted over. Money! Treasury notes beyond question! Money, and paid her by Jack Ormsby! Ellis dropped the curtain and turned away. She cared to see no more. Over at the guardhouse the second relief was being formed as Farrar reached the spot— seven soldiers in their fur caps and gloves and heavy winter overcoats and arc ties. The corporal had just reported them all present, and the lieutenant quick ly yet closely inspected, their equipment, then stepped7 to the front again. 'In addition to the usual orders,' said he, 'Numbers Stx and Seven are cautioned to keep a. sharp lookout and to listen attentive ly for anything at the eastward. In the event of any unusual sight or sound, call for the' corporal at once. Who is Number Five?' 'Graice, sir,' said the corporal. The young officers face, darkened a 'bit. Ho had. no trust in the mam whatever, and knew well his evil reputation. 'Graice,' said he, 'you have double functions to-night. You have not only the same orders as Six an*! Seven, but tie commanding officer di rects tuat you keep a special Watch over the settlement across the river, particularly of the plant of Bunco Jim. I believe you know it.' 'There ore plenty of others that know it as well,' was the surly and unexpected an swer. 'That will do, sir,' was the etern rejoind er. 'You were asked no questions, and will k^p silent until you are. Do you under stand your instructions?' 'I am not deaf,' was the sullen response. 'Answer my question, Graice,' said WilL ?tingling with 'indignation, but keeping his temper. There was a moment's s,jlence, then— 'I 'spose I do.' 'There appears to be some doubt, how ever,' said Farrar coolly. 'Post your re lief, corporal, and we will look further after .Number Five. Has that man been drink ing again?' he turned and asked the silent sergeant, as the relief marched away. 'IPs hard to say, fiir. He's one of those steady soakers. It would be difficult to find him when he hadn't been drinking more or less. I think he has been drinking all day, but he knows what he's doing, and is as^ sober as he is at any other time.' Farrar gazed doubtfully at the relief as it trudged away through the misty moon light; shook his ihead in some dissatisfaction, then turned in at the doorway of the tower. 'I will look over the guardroom and cells,' said he, 'and vMt sentries later,' and tak ing up his lantern, the sergeant followed. A big stove burned brightly in the centre of the guardroom, and the men of the third relief, sitting or sprawling about, sprang up and stood to attention . as . the officer looked in. Another stove, tflie mate to it, was burning almost at red heat in. the general prison room, across the hall. Here were con fined some half dozen poor devils, the scape graces of the command; some drink-sodden, and stupid, others merely reckless and 'n^'er do weel.' . Following the spirit of holiday decorations, and never expecting the visit of am officer that night, one of the num ber, with a fine sense of humor, had induced a comrade to fetch .Mm a parcel from the barracks, and now on the bare wooden wall opposite the entrance there hung a chromo with a flowery border and the pious senti ment, 'God bless our happy home.' Will's eye caught it at the instant 'Take that down!' said he, with manifest indignation. 'There is to be no burlesque business here j to-night' There t*os a fannt odor of dead tobacco about the grimy room. 'You*llihave to seardi those men and that room,' said he to the sergeant, as they turned away. 'There must be neither pipes, matches nor anything with which they can start a fire. If this old rookery ever flames1 It -will go like a Sash. Do it at once! Any men in. tihe cells?' 'None, sir, and none in the outer prison room.' 'Keep the other' empty, then. The chances are it'll be filled to-morrow when tiie column gets back. Remember the orders about fire.' 'No man's like to forget that, lieutenant, with the powder stored there on the second floor.' , 'I know,' answered Win, gravely- 'How much powder is there there?' ''Only a dozen cartridges for the reveille gun, sir, but that's enough to blow the place into flinders.' 'There's no one in the Jight prison, room on that floor?' 'No one, sir. That floor is empty. There's no fire up there at all.' Presently tihe tramp, tramp of martial feet was heard on the crunching enow, and of ficer and sergeant both stepped forth to re ceive the relief of sentries just taken off post One of them was Crow Knife. He gravely saluted as he passed nis officer, and placed ibis carbine in the arm, rack, tshen went out on the east Mde of the BtHe build ing and stood -13161*, silenf, listening for sounds from the distant east. ? .'May 'I have the lieutenant's permission to go out on ibe bluff awiiflle?*' he asked, as Farrar came by him. 'I cam near the call of 1ihe corporal if we are wanted for any thing, and I am very anxious.*' And Wall, who at first would have said no, saw the anxiety in the Indian's face and consented. 'Grow is strangely fiUpenstHious,' said the sergeant, after a moment's slence. 'He has been like $hs)t ever since he came on guard. He says the ghost dogs were- howling the death song last night, and that somebody's to get has dearth blow to-n4ght. W-& can't laugh Mm out. of. St.' ?; rWffl turned emay ; and warfcehed therapidly retfe&tiag; Jorin, gwwiisig dimmer every sec* ?one'. 'I suppose he* dreads trouble for bis people, and this ioy? makes' Mm nervous,' said £re.v-' *3hB? S°™S Uie rounds now, ser geant,' afid Tva& .leave you sbere In, ehaige.' 'It is just 10.30 now, efr ShaE -we call off t '. 'Ay, «.y let Jt go/'^was *he answer, as flia young feHow-stfalked a*ay €n tile 'direction of €he stables, it was his purpose to take the Gentry posts in, Inverse order, eo as to visit first those on ine eastern flank. Without a break j£he -woitca-cry went from mam *o mam* Number -Mve shouting a gruff, stentorian, *'All's,well,!»'iihia& again directed the attention of the officer of the guaxd to ids pxobaMe^oondi'Qon. Uhe last sentry bod called off and Number OneJhad given, loud and prolonged, the nnai.a^aranee that a31 along the chain was ..peace and security be fore Will reached ^iher;bottom of the slope and began Ms examination of the ebables end canals. ' The -last thiatf jhe *ow «? ho bast a backward glance northward along ine snowy slope that terminated the plateau on i its ?eastern side, was the solitaiy figure of Crow Knife standing mute, motionless and attentive, ^ust at the upper end of *he post of sentry on Number Six. He was delayed unexpectedly among the stables, for one of the orderlies in the ab sence of his 'troop and officers, had gone visiting among his associates in the adjoin ing building, and one -or two spare horses were loose and roaming about the gangway. The next tiling he heard of his sentries there were excited shouts for the corporal of the guard, and hastening out into the night to ' ascertain the cause, he nearly collided with little Meineeke, the trumpeter. ? 'Lieutenant,' cried the boy, breathlessly, 'Crow Kinife's killed, sir. Stabbed to death!' , 'My God!' moaned Will, as he hastened up the elope. 'There's a curse on Christ mastide at old Fort Frayne.' Wihen ten,— twenty minutes had passed away and Helen Daunton failed to return,1 Mrs. Farrar had become anxious and ill at eat«. Leale, too, had been listening eagerly for her step on the porch without, and, un able to control bis longing to see and speak with her despite, her palpable efforts to avoid hi.n, he had early tiak-*n his leave and gone forth in search. Ellis, slipping from the par lor into the dining-room, had thence manag ed to go to her own little chamber, for a moment or two to herself. Whatever doubt remained as to the justice of her suspicions up to dinner time that evening, it was ban ished now and her heart was hard against Ornr-sby that he should have so braved and' deceived her. Looking out from her wia doy she could see much of the walk in fomt of Officers' Row, but not a sign of -Helen Daanton. The clouds had thickened the j moonlight had grown dimmer all of 'a sud den . Once more the snow was sifting down. She could not dream where Helen had gone. It was a desperate woman who stole sil ently out of the little army home amd in tercepted Lieutenant Farrar at the gate. In few words she made known her errand amd asked for the note Mr. Orinsby had placed in' Mk hand, and Will for the first time re membered it He had stowed it in the pocket of the overcoat he was wearing as he returned with Ormsby from the colonel's, aad was compelled to run back indoors again to find it Absorbed though he was in Las own trouble, Will could not but re mark how strange it seemed that his mo ther's companion should be seeking, and OnuBby sending, those mysterious notes at night He made such explanation and ex cuse as he could, however, then hurried : away. With nervous fingers Helen count- i ed over the money in the envelope. Two hundred dollars! Ormsby was indeed gener ous. Then desperate, determined, thought less of the military crime she was about to : urge upon her husband, thinking only of the dreadful menace his presence was to the friends who had harbored and sheltered her, she sped away up the row, and turning thi-cugh the broad open space near the col oners quarters, came out upon the snow covered brow of the heights overhanging the silent ice-bound stream; and there, barely a hundred feet away, tie dim outlines of that huge, hulking figure could be seen. She knew it only too well— ^knew it- at a glance. Graice 'was standing on post at the momentj listening, apparently, to some faint, distant sounds of maudlin revelry that rose from the unhallowed walls of Bunco Jim's,, beyond the Platte. With one brief mut tered prayed to heaven for guidance and strength, stoe sped across the snowy ex panse and was at his side before he could either halt or challenge. He never had time to speak before impetuously she be gan: (To be continued.) 