DIOCESAN NEWS. . ? 4 ? . ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY. On Thursday last His Grace Dr. Carr, accom panied by Dr. Higgins, paid a visit to St. Vincent's Collego, Victoria-street, and on the same ovoning His Grace left; Sydney for Melbourne by the express. His Eminence the Cardinal, .Dr. O'Haran, Fathers Robinson, Walsh 0, P. M. Ryan, Battle, and Dean Slattory assembled on the platform to see His Grace oil'. On Sunday last His Eminence the Cardinal pre sided at tho High Mass in St. Mary's Cathedral, which was sung by Rev. P. Walsh, with Fathers Carey and Cregan responding as deacon and sub deacon. There was some disappointment from tho fact that Fathor Robinson was not colebrant, as had boon announced. Fathor Robinson was suffering from a sovero cold which kept him within doors for some days. He is now, however, in perfect health. Tho preacher at the Mass was Father Walsh, of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne. Tn an elegant dis course, Father Walsh referred to the manner in which Our Lord spent the forty days after his resur rection, dwelling particularly on His words to St. Peter by which He constituted him head of the apostles. The choir, under Mr. Delany's guidance, rendered Gounod' h- Easter Mass in their usual excel lent stylo. At the Church of St. Thomas, of Canterbury, Petersham, on Sunday last, the seven o'clock Mass was celebrated by tho Rov. Father McCambridge, who also delivered an instructive sermon on ' Prayer ' after the first Gospel. A feature of the day was the usual monthly commission of the Children of Mary, who approached the rails in a body dressed in their picturesque habit and veil, a great number of the congregation also receiving Holy Communion. The eleven o'clock Mass was'celebrated by the Rev. Father Long, Father McCambridge again preaching a very impressive sermon on ' The existence of God.' At the evening devotions tho Holy Rosary was recited by Father Long, who also delivered a most instructive sermon on the coming of the Holy Ghost, exhorting all to prepare for the great festival of Pentecost. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was then given. On Wednesday last a meeting of the Diocesan Consultors was held at St. Mary's Cathedral Presby tery, at which His Eminence the Cardinal presided. On Sunday, at St. Joseph's Church, Newtown, Mr. Sydney Hobon's ' Avo Maria ' was sung during the offertory by Madame Pechotsch, with, violin obbligato by 1 1 err Pechotsch. Next Sunday it will be sung at St. Benedict's by Mrs. Furlong. The merits of the composition are evidently obtaining very general and practical recognition. A charity sermon Avill bo preached at the Church of the Sacred Heart on Sunday by the Rev. Father Birch, O.S.F., in aid of the funds of tho Lady Almoners' Society of the Sacred Heart. An address and testimonial will be presented to the Rev. Father Timoney at St. Benedict's Hall on Monday, the 25th inst. The Right Rev. Dr. Higgins will preside on the occasion. Father Phelan, of St. Mary's Cathedral, is at present spending a few days in the country. Father Walsh, of Melbourne, is kindly doing' his work during1 his absence. Father Phelan will return on Saturday. Fathers Robinson and Walsh, who have boon in Sydney for some days, will remain until next week ; the former, who was slightly ill a few days ago, is now qnil;o strong. Wo regret to say that there is not much improvo mout in tho condition of Father Madden, who is at present in St. Vincent's Hospital. He is certainly nothing worse, but still ho cannot bo said to bo out of danger yet. Next Sunday the Feast of Our Lady Help of Christians, patroness of tho Church in Australia, will bo solemnly celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral. Pontifical High Mass will be sung by His Lordship Dr. Higgins at eleven o'clock, and His Eminence the Cardinal will preach. The Diocesan Oonsultors will assist in the sanctuary on the occasion. In the evening our Melbourne visitor, Rev. George Robinson, will be the preacher. On Wednesday evening last a meeting was held at tho Cathedral Presbytery, the object of which was to appoint a day on which to hold the annual meeting in connection with the Cathedral Building Fund. His Eminonco the Cardinal presided, and there was a large number of the city clergy and some lay persons present. It was determined that the annnual meeting should be held on Sunday, t Juno 7, at 8 p.m. It is hoped that a largo number will assemble in the Cathedral on that day, and that each one will contribute towards tho liquidation of the dobt of St. Mary's. 