TUB "WORSHIP OF SATAN" IS FRANCE. A little volume on "The Worship of Satan in Modern Prance," by Sir. Arthur Little (Swan Sounensohein), gives some curious particulars of the devil- worship which we are assured is rampant in Paris to-day. M. lluysmansand M. Jules Lois seem to be the ciiief sources of information on the subject; aud, if their revelations are to be believed (says the London Daily Chronicle), all the forms, even the most loathsome, of imbecile superstition have even now lost nothing of their potency over tho weaklings of mankind. We are told that there are 'no less than four conventicles in Paris devoted to tho creed and liturgy of the Evil One, and that, for the purposes of their obscene rituals, sacred wafers are frequently stolen from the orthodox churches. Two pyxes, containing a hundred oi these wafers, are said to have been carried off by an old woman in the Eolv week of last year from Notre Dame, and tho Bishops of Grenoble, Orleans, and Versailles have issued pastorals enjoining greater watch fulness to their clergy. The ceremony known as. the " black mass," performed in these temples of Satan, appears to bo a hideous parody of Christian worship. Instead of the fumes of iuceuse there arises an intolerable stench from a brazier of henbane and datura, myrrh, aud night shade. The priest's biretta is adorned with two bison's horns, and his chasuble is of the color of dried blood. All the ordinary religious rights are burlesqued amid circum stances that fire indescribable. M. Papus, said to be the head of Occult Masonry—what ever that may be—in Prance, declares roundly, however, that_ the "black mass" has been imagined by M. Iluysmans, and that, indeed, the whole scare about Satanism is the "issue of tho sacristies" —in other words, a com mercial speculation on the part of publishers suffering from a stagnant market. One instance, however, of the tendency of diseased minds to take refugo in a grossly material symbolism is the rise of tho sect who call themselves Palladists, and appear to date their origin from tho American spirit-rapping mania of the 'sixties, and who, like the Satanists, parody Catholicism. Women—generally spiritualistic " mediums"—are said to take a prominent part in their proceedings, which on great occasions seem to be ludicrously childish. Thus, accord ing to Mr. Little, at the initiation of a "Mis tress Templar," tho costume prescribed for gentlemen is a dress coat, white tie, and a large battle-axe, while "ladies are required to make themselves up^as much like Greek goddesses as tho modern balloon sleevo will sanction—the skirt must be looped up to expose tho left leg as far as the knee." if there are any Palladist missionaries in this country we have no doubt the police will keep an eye on them. The present headquarters of this "Palladism" are said to be at Home. One of its chief miracle-mongers appears to be a lady, who "ilnidites" so sis to pass through a wail and disappear. Her fee for this re markable performance is T'lHO ! Wo rnako 110 apology (adds the Clcroeei-ic.) for calling atten tion to this "underworld." Ear the public needs to be put on its guard against tho recent recrudescence of ghost-hunting, cheap thauniaturgy,,r fortune-telling, crystal-gazing, and other man i testations of pure folly grouped together by some people who ought lo know better under the line-sounding title of "borderland." Toe other side of this borderland, there is reason to suspect, is an outer darkness of crapulous wallowing.-; and sheer in..nia. The history of the subject in the past should be a sufficient warning, with its forged "Kabbalah," its hysterical eroticism, its more or less criminal hanky-panky of a Cagliostro and his *'IHiuninati." Humbug and folly are none the less folly and humbug because they masquerade as obstinate question ings of invisible things. 