\- -A m Interesting Story." - A WESTERN LANDLORD. Stouv ni.Minr Hahtwem. CTmtnwooP. . goxiioii ov " aiiAqUE or noost," "oi.d oAvnnN ' bavs," HID,, AND nomkhou8 ski1iaia and stomas in wide-awake, LirriNcoii'o, iiAiirnns', etc. I A touno village doctor in a young villago doctor, whether lie carries n mcdioinn onse in tho yosr 1883, or a pair of pill-bogs in 18n7. But all young doctors are not as large and ! whits and full of vigorous ulond us Brother j ton wr3. hitstend of hi« iihurI pih-haffsliow over, he hold n wcll-stiilfed onrput-saok m Ins hand as tho hack rumbled with liim into Millport. The wholo snowy country was I steeped in moonlight, wliioh throw liaok a oold, kuife lilui gliiter from tho ice over Hugnr Creolt. 'X'hu shadow of a flour-mill foil over tho hnok ns it jogged soross llio bridge, ond 1 no light appeared in tho post-ollico whore the mail bog ought to bo dolivorod. It wan after 10 o'clock. . , Tho vehicle stopped midway ol tlio ono long Btieet, nt oneo tha onunty road slid Millport's I spinal column, and Brolhetton olightcd with I his enrpet-bag, exchanging a word with the haoli driver. This haU-uslcep and weatlicr-hnrdonod be- r ing thuu bumped abond over frozen mud to I tljo tavern whioh nppeerod to lio direoily \- ..hugging tho north polo, for such timber us inoloscd Millport oponod thoro upon bound- loss white prnirio. In iuoko ranreauiun; u», - Cliioago Boomed nearly us remoto oo Ctuus to tho inland Ulinoisaii. „„,i Brothortou jumped a glazed unid Iovceand inountcn that linpavod pnth used by tlio vil lagers as a sido walk. It led dircaUy(noroM a drug sloro porch, upon whiali ho pnlirea, ropping hard nt tlio door. In time a light appealed .through, tho window, allowing condv jnrs aud incdioino bottles tliero dimly displayod behind tho Irotwork ol Host, tutu , a tardy hand unfastened tlie door, anions vnioa growling all tho timo on tlio other side , '.Brothorlon slipped into a druggy atmos- ! phcio nnd shook bands with his red-beaded, St partner, who, acting as it tranced by Bleep, refastencd tbo door anil took up a tin oandlo- 1 stiuk oovorod with atalogiuitcs of nnoiont tallow. ' Left your folks woll ? | "Yos, quite well. You didn't aspect uio to-night, did you?" " Yes," yawned tho partner, " I vo ex pected you ovory night. Wo novor know whim that hook will get in any more.' " It btolio iuto n mIow this sido ol tho Boil 1'iirap tavorn," said Brothorlon, " nnd X thought for a couple ol hours wn'd havo to loavo it thero and rido tlio liorsos in," " You look liko you'd boon prying a hook outot n slow," observed ihi partner Towonng his oandlostiek toward Brnthorton's muddied anil frozen trowsora. " Well, old Vobuvius is red hot," „ " Blessed bo (he devil tbat tends hor urea, said Brotherton. " Now, Doo., now., remonstrated tlio rcu- hoaded man, lining the Western abbreviation, whioh aljoaro away a pliysioian's dignity. Ho piloted a track batwixt Mustering obairfl, I loft junt as llio town loaforo wefa wont to loavo them when breaking up daily nnd nightly court, to a stovo nt tho reor ot tha atorn. Though muddy heel marks and tlio stamo ol 'in any months showed unelminied upon its cylinder surface, it glowed liko a red rose from within, aud Brotherton throw off ovar- ooat, bat and gloves upon a oountor and aban i doned himself to its lieat. In n seoludod oornor near tno stovo oppoareil cno ic.unga-oea which bis partner had just vacated. A simi- 1 lnr lair in the opposita earner invited tha I doctor's wenry bonos after a thirty-mila jolt nerosa tho nrveep of prairio wind. j " It argues well for our deccnay that wo , reluin a little bit of it whun wo bunk about so liko dogs, don't it. Itaish?" ho obsorvod with n lough, using n villago diminutive for Horatio whioh Uauilot in all his musinga never bit upon. " You'ro junt book from thorn flesh-pots ot luxury tbo preacher talks about,!' responded tho druggist. " You'd turn up your nose now nn oysters cooked in tbo can and o't out of tlio white mortar." "No, I wouldn't," deolarcd lirotherton, promptly. " Sn if you'vo got somo in tbo digging and want a single bito yourself, put. on two ciins to simmer." " Now, listen to that tor oxtravngauco," observed the partner, taking up the caudln and going forward in tho etoro. Then he . knocked sawdust from a tin obloug, out tha I behind tha ipecso jar tur a bundle ot oraukcro, Tho crackers hu brought ond spread open for Brothuttnu to munch nt, wliilo the cnu ot oyotors thawed nnd then began tu lank and sputter upon tlie otovo. " I'eppcr and Bait and a hunk of butter right up tliero in tho wliilo mortar," ho sug gested. Brotherton himself lifted tbu white I mortar down and blew a litlla dust oil its rim. 1 " Don't bo so particular," urged Sccrist. I " I thought it might lio tartar omotio," ex- filained thn doctor. " But you'ro too good a loueckcepcr to servo ma that way, Becrist. I Just aa I coma hank, loo." "Well, now, Doo., tell tho truth," urged tho fot man, stretching himself iu a chair nt tlio other shio of the stovo and glimmering at I hiH friend through half shut-eyas. " When you ooma back. from eivil-i-zotiou to a god forsaken plaua'liko this, don't you think yon'ru making a fool of yourself 7" " No, I ihm't," rejoined Brotherton. 1 Ho wan sitting on tho oounter bcBido his I garment", oyid-his long, strong logs dspglnd I well toward tho floor. I " 'J'hio is oxporicnoo. I liko experience, I ond I don't liko hanging by tho eyolida. A man can bu hardening himself hero while ho would collapse to nothing waiting for praatica in u uity. It is'nt such a god-forsakon plaoe, I UU'JCle "A row dawn at lVg-lrg'a whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and slush up to yomi eyes in winter. Aguo all full." "That units mo," said Brotherton. Beorist sneered on : "'l'roaoUiug only onoo a month in tha eolio'il-hoiiso at early oaiulla-ligliting." I ') There isn't a Christian in town that bears I that privation hotter than you do," laughed | tho doctor. !" 0, I ain't Baying tho ruffianly gang in I tlf'is neighborhood isu's good enough for mo," I chuckled tlio druggist. " I'm only wondering 1 haw a fellow ot your stamp can stand it." I " What's happened now?" I " Nothing," replied tho druggist briefly, as I ho went to a fiout uountar aud got s picoo ol I wrapping paper tor tho purposa of lifting the hot eau. " Hero j hold your bowl." " Won't you havo soma yourself, ItaiBh ? Tho old t umbler will hold thciu if you givo it a steam bath first." I " No, I'd rather havo somo sloop." " Yon'ro not going to bunk down withoqt tolling mo all tlio news ? " " No-." said tho fat man, slowly. " What nowa omilil wo eaara up, do you rcukou, though, in tho two wcoks you'vo been gone?" "llut you wots gnashing about ruffianly gangs. Thero haven't been any horeo tblovea through ? " Heuriat uttered a negative grunt, sitting on tbo side of bis ooueb. " I was only thinking of old Uiraui Dixon. " No ono has killed him? " " No, responded Beorist, with a diasatiifiod " I know it's yonr ailont, ccos.olcss petition tbat somebody will kill him," ohuofclod tho doctor, dipping up his oysters from the wluto mortar with a broken. handled powtor spoon. " Raisliy, tboso are a comfort in adversity. You hotter havo some." " Evoiybody says he killed a man onoo, continued Beorist, leaning forward and rest ing his arms on bis knees. " lloby Stirling s huihsnd and him went north together, and Stirling naver was eeen nlivo attorwards." " Yee, I've hoard yon tell tbat etory a down gmts," i»ld footbutOD, applying himieu tg liln sonre with tlio zost o. on nungry man. " But ll iby doosu't beliovo it. Stirling's body was tound wholo and untampored with at a hotel. Heart diBcaso, congestion, a man's misuse ot biiusolf that fools don't know how tu deeoribo with a namo. And if you mon suspected Dixon why didg't you haul him up botorii tbo oonrtH and investigate?" " It was talked of," replied Booriat, dospoud- ontly. " But lw had his explanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." " lltiby's well, is site ?" As Brotherton made tin's inquiry ha throw a quick side glnnoo at his partner. " I thought I heard eomobody hnook," said tho druggist, turning hio head in his palms and listening. Tha fire whispered. Without tbo frosty wind swept over villago and wood and lost it self in tbo easiness ol tho prairio. There wns a sudden tquciVl and scampering in tbo wall behind Brothorlon. " It's nothing but that old rat," said lio. " You'll lot tbat old rat liva to sco liis obild- icn's ohildrcii to tho Inst goncrutiou, before you'll givo liim a button." 44 1 wittl) f aiuobody'd p.ivo mo a button thatd mako llio Bloep to-night," cxulnimod tho dtug- giat. " I ain't shut my eyes sineu dusk," " You wero so drowsy you could hardly open tho door," declared tha doctor. " I woo protomliii' to ho easy on yon. liko," explained his partner, painfully. " Jcromo, there has something happened einoa you wont 8W" What ? " oxolaiiued Brotherton, feeling his temples expand with largo puleo bmits. "ft Isn't anything about old Hiram XJixon— or R'mVob you iu downright earnest about hor, Jeromo ? " „ „ " X intond to inarry lior, that s all, an- swerod tho dootor, anlagouism ooming to tho ' front in his faco. . I " Doo., lluliy's dead, | I. aho isn't I " exclaimed Brothorlon, lenp- i in'! "I'' ,,ir. " Doo., olio's dead.' . , Automiitieully Brotherton rubbed Qngot through tho ringo whioh his soup bowl uiadiT upon tho oounter. ltuliy's deliosto aquihna tiico, flushed tho color ol a oiusu ioso, uuuu his vision. Ho did not bcliovn it was now clay white; Hint hot innocent mouth wna sot in death. Hn did not upbraid his partner for suppressing tho uaws. Tliero wore no means by whioh Beorist oould havo raaohed liim mora quickly unless ho had drivou out to meet tlio hank. Boorist's voice, proceeding iu reoital, grow in volumo upon his oar. " Dlauio old Ui Dixon'o pioturo 1 Ha would havo put her ia tlio ground twolvo houcs after if it hadn't beon for her Aunt Ruby Aun and ibo neighbors." , Brotherton grated his uailo against tho wooden counter. " When did she dio ? " " A Friday morning Dvo days ago. X said you ought to of beon hero all nlong," oro- nouuoeu Beorist impressively, gazing with ooraiuiscrntion at tbo pallid young' utan. " They say it was like this ; Sbo was playing with litlla Nsto nud tossing up a ball. When tlio ball went iuto tlio uir sho wna nlivo and woll, and when it touohad tlio floor sho was a (load woman. Doo, tho color didn't go out ot her checks and sbo otayod warm. Thoy put hor botwoon feather beds, and all tho other doctors in town triad their bast to bring hot I to, but it wasn't no ueo. I don't boliovo thoy knew what it wus." " Sho hasn't beon V " domnnded Broth- I oi'ton quickly, coining furward nud sotting his nn lint tinilriolitl itf Lh« nLivn. Thn boot leather Htnokod, and ho wntohod it ns ii his hopos wore exhaling iu tba Binoko. " No, not yot. But old Hiram Dixon oays lie won't kocp her any longer than early to morrow forenoon. Ha say's ho kept hor longer now than anybody over wsakopt in Millport." " lie won't liavo a funeral while thoro'a tha slightest doubt," " No, bo won't havo any rauro fuuornl than Be can liolp. Ho'll just pop hor in tho ground aud bo dono with it. Ilo's helping dig tho gravo to-night to save cxponao, and a nico onsy job thoy liovo ot it tbe way tlio ground's (rozo. Tlio womsn say ho got tho cheapest ooffin that eonld bo bought," continued Sccrist, dropping llio fsots liko pebbles into Brother- ton's boiling mind. "Ruby's boy will oomo into bis bauds now. And by tlio timo tbat boy ia HI ycore old, if llirtini Dixon hasn't tho rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with ltiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and easy to trustee out ot the hands ol a minor liuir. I'll go up with you, Doo." " No, you go to bed and sleep," replied tha doctor, who having mufilsd himself, waB changing medicines in liis pill bugs tor others on tlie shelves. lit Uj) IVitU J«U( oitltt tliu «uw luniii cringing forth his own garments. " You'll havo a tusulu'with old lliism. If lio'sdug her gravo and oho isu't dead he'll bury taeruny- Tlio wind blow out of llio north liko mobile and invisible ice. Sccrist tiod his red woollen unmtorlcr in niiothor knot under his chin. Before somo houses Isy u narrow, frosty hoard as causeway, and aorons this they walked singly to avoid tho rough, fruzen mud. A hut ol logs, opening by a latuh-utring, and a weathur-boardeii domicile, with the door at tlio roar, wore olnuu neigliloure. Tliero were two or three brick houses of soma pretensions, inoloscd by psiiugs, und a barred lied silent general store, which in dsylight divided patronage with one i»t the other end a! tho village. On riuhv ground stood tho tavern ; a lialtiu., place whore tha trnvnllcr might brace himself lot tho blccdr rido northward, llow many a cutting duy had Brotherton taken to that narrow read in bis jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ooaan ol suow. Tbuii, however, lie car/icrl cosy, worm thoughts within his wraps and iurs, wliiub kept him exhilarated. To-night tho north ironu was tho bteukost track bu lind over teon. Wanderers on the iproirio would bo sure to periBh; or, should thoy csqspo, what comfort could they find iu tomorrow, anyhow? Onnuoito tha tavern, across a email ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest houso in tho town. A road curved around it sml crawled down into the dnrk woods. It was, howuvor, tbo meanest-looking houso ill tho town, its size unly emphasizing its dilapidation. Tho boar frost tried valuly to ornament with sil ver plating curtain alio ion t garments bulging through broken panes, tho cruzy aslro rattled, nd loose, unplan tod woathor-boarding clapped rosponsivoly. Beorist and tho doctor, waiting for admis sion before steps on which thoy dare not stand both nt ohm, hoard tho wind howling through this hollow uitiDHion ns if its vapaut chambers wero built only (or that purpose. Brothorton'e ohiot wish had been to tukoRuby outot 'tbia plaoo into n homo ol his own making. She was Btill so muoh a littlo girl that ho never realized ner wiuownoou on nor maturity. Hor child seemed a young brothor whom bo would adopt for iovo other. 1 1 forovor puzzled him tlist u creature liko Ruby, naturally refined and alive to ovory. thing beautiful, should ho post in hor lot ond bound 'to.thp people who held hor. Tho heredity which gsvo dark-eyed daughtcra with abildteh hands and icct and living souls to ;-Mra.'i. Dixon's like oould not be accounted for by-medical soloiioe, Mrs. Dixon was still atuot and let tbo yonng men iuto bor uniurnished ball. Naked stair-steps and gaunt bannisters, against whioh thoir shadows wore thrown by Uiu mean, seouiad to weloume theui us congenial ghosts,' Ono disnouraged oandlo burned in tho square room where must oi tlio living was done, and where dying wus to bo aeiisum- maiod; for there in tlio earner stood tho marble-like oblong ot sheets stretched over tha tops ol obatrs, concealing what wsa hold bonoath them upon tho onoliug board. Near by, also uphold Vy two chairs, waited ii blank coffin, bulging near tba head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong shudder darted through tho dootor at this sight, whioh must have been so common to him. Two other women lyoro watoliing witli Ruby. , Ono o! them, bo landlady of Ihs tavorn, oauia forward to mcot be; tWQ boarders, and shook hands tyith hp doptar, 6bo wl ppd portly, and diked In » boarso whiopor. Doing Hid dtmil R'ri e Aunt Ruby Aim, she wna there to command. MrB. Dixon But down in a remote corner with hor sun-bonnot over her oyeu. Sho wus a very thin orcaturo, having oaiico garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom unnght lior foaturoii on aooount of this immovable sunbonnot, ond it was bo- lioved sho would dio without Having over fully shown hor faco. Sho wns not deaf, yot whon sbo mado ono of her sount romarka sho shoutod it, und pcoplo shouted to hor in re turn. Tlio uiojor part ot her timo was evidently spent in meditation, ntid Having Hiram Dixou for hor second husband was dcemad a suilloient oxousa or this. Aunt Ruby Aim put a splint-bottomoil chair nnd tho ono rookcr boforo a Booted and oava-liko (iroplnca wlioro Homo green aliolta wore wuoping upon rusty fire-dogs. Tlio doctor set hie pill-bugs and hat upon tho splint-bottomed obuir, ond tho landlady understanding bim, took up tlio candle. During thoir ootiforcnoo hor voioo novor roao above the hoarse whisper proper to tho occasion. " Did you git word ? " sho inquired. " Not until Sccrist told me, Biter I got out of tha book." " I ntn glad you'ro on linnd, for bo's r'nrin' around to bury her whether or no." Slio cast a look of contempt at tier sister who could kcop a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon wns kept. -" I givo her up, nud thou agin' I go uud try oncu mora with leathers under hur noso aud a looking gliieB Hold lo her mouth. I can mighty near sco a diainoati on Uto «ln«o» nnd yut al««4 «i r » thnt, noithor." Seeing that Brotherton did not lift tho cor net of tbo Bhoot-HfirfloplmguB, Auntliuhy Ann raiaoil it lier«elf, csjioHing littlo Jtnby by tho yellow tongue of tlw oundlu. Mliroudu wore itiHt pnasinR ont of two then, bo Uuby wiiacliui in her beHt drons of thin, bhiclt silk, the slcovos flowing away from her elbows and leaving her onus protected by muslin under- slcovcs. A broad oollnr of ncodlowork was.) turned down well towards her shoulders and fnutonad at her throat by a uiiglity brown and while uomoo jiiu. Uer dclieat.i f'loo was not yok piuoiiuu ui Ituunvu, UllUKMtta uutreiwu.. seeming merely to deepen the dnrkness of lior hair. The minute blue trnoory of her eyelid veins nnd tlio network on her temples onugbt tlio gazo of ono who studied lior. A suggestion of aolour liko auroral light ap peared upon bor lips nnd cbcoks. " Sho looks nat'rni, don't slio, Doo?" whis pered tho landlady with omphatio hoarse- nose. " Yoh," replied Brotherton, gotting down upon his knoos uud applying his ear to her rhost aud boar "Sho didn't say which nor t'other, but down slio tumbled," shouted Mrs. Dixon from hot oornor, turning tha mouth of lior sun- bonnet upward from a franco of meditation, and hnviug discharged this conversational ball aha again lowered its muzzla. Brotherton and tlio lnndlady hold n con- fcroneo whioh onded in much trampling on tbo naltod floor nnd somo shifting of tlio moan furnitnro, at whioh liis partner nuil tho noiglibnur assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silout, and saw hor daughter's body trsnsfarrod to a tablo, with a pail of water beside it, nnd tho doctor's morocco cana of instruments glitter ing beneath the foclilo oandlo light. Sr.oriut poked Ibe fire and kept his faca strictly obimnoywnrd. At tha tablo long pauses altcrnatod with whispers and changes of position. Wslor occasionally drippoil on tlio floor. Mrs. UtXOn ciiuui uinumi uiwuufi wmi ii iiuki;uiu prcnion, and tho quick inluro with whioh tho back of hit) hand rubbed moioturo from liia forehead. "Threo doctorfl hns Rivn hor up, 44 eho shouted, and n;4>iin dropped licr Hiinbonnct' mouth, lo&vin; iliu faot to hit its mark. Thero wtin a clou); ncrowed to tlio wall, with pineapple iihnpcd wcihtK liQutpnj by olminft. It had tho pitoomi air of drn<ing itoown vicora. nnd wah ultocthcr tiudi nn incom picto clock oq tho mnfltor of hiioIi a houno ininlit dcuirc; but ih) iron luuuhs kopt pnoa with timo, and thoy indioiitod that lirother ton had been experimenting tnoro than nn nour whon tho pat of naked fuct becamo irregularly dialinet on tho naked utaire, and tho Hitting-room donr wnn thrown open eo wide an to bump against Mr. Dixon'B Uueo. 44 What did you git up for, N'ato?" whifl pored tho lnodlndy, mooting him and lifting liiio to oit on thn ourvo of her arm. Tha child wati in a liiiHey droim, undor which Beaut drap ing ho ouddled hiH !rge, whilu ho aenruhed tho group around tho tablo with largo, dark eyoa and hogan to whimper. 44 Hor and Nate wati toeem' tho ball together atld Biugin4 Lord Lovel,44 shouted Mrn. Dixon. Bhn bent hor ounbonnotcd head oneo mora and oat inotiouleea, um if wailing to bo re loaded. Tha landlady turned ner laca (ram llio tablo and uArricd him around to tho doctor. 44 Llow do you do, Nate ? said lirotherton, taking ono of hio aguudinted cluwu and kios ing it. 44 1 want tny mnw, wept out Nato, putting up llin trembling under-lip. 44 Call her,'4 aaid lirotherton, taking tho ohild upun iiin owu anu, 44 Maw, 0, maw!" outbid Nate, 44 0, 1'm afruid upjtnirs alone. Make hor wake, Docker li'uttcrton I44 Thu young man moved ouo'ono of Huby's armo. 44 If you can't roueo bor, Nato, bIiq'u boyond tliu reach of iovo uud deupair Cull hur again.44 41 Doo., Doo. 1" ronionHtratod the landlady. 44 If you out him to takin4 ou wo never will git biiu peaoohed again," 44 And out of bor bottom grow a red, rod roao, and out of hin'n gicw ft briar," Hboqted Kite. Dixon. IlcrknveK being again Uiroatouia1 by tho opening door, eho draw hcruclf togothc hb if oollapuing. It waa un old man who oamo in. Ha ftuvl tbo glaru to bluo gogglaa upon tbu table. Iliti imp gvpy hair met with irongcey beurjlupan bid olicck-buncu ajul fovmed a nluiggy curtain roauhing bin ohouldwH. Ah if buu. ruin and many Ruai,onot wear lind not dono thuir worst for hid anoinnt and ill-fuvourod olotbing, bo wan frcfbly gla/.cd with frozen mud ntaiiiK, and liio dark paws were yellowed by clay quito to the frayed coat tdcuvo. Shutting tho door bo tliat a reppouaivo nbudder ran through tho whole hotiai', bo doinatidad at ouco ; 41 Who'u niueddlin' with that corpse r' 44 Tlio State of Illinoia,". replied Beorist Uom the Gre placa< 44 Tho State of Illinoitt can get out ot my houdu then,44 Hnid tho old man, wagging hid hoary ubag. 41 1 don't keep a medioal college." 44 1 liraiu Dixon," BpoUu out Die landlady, 41 ain't you vallin4 every nioang LhouUl ho tried to «ee if Hfo4s loft in tuby ?" 44 1 am," Haid druggist, 44 and I'm tho constable" 41 You oan't bury her to-morrow, MrDixon,' said Brotherton. 4 1 am uot ready to pro- nnnnnrt linr i1da<1." " I'll bury line to-morrow as sqro ns tho tun rises," soid old lfiram Dixou. " And I mowed you ooulfin't tell n dead woman (torn i, liva onp." Ho camo forward in his usual stooped and. jtiltoned posture, ami Nato, with one 'arm a round tho doctor's nook, wntobed bim foar- tuily, "I'll bury lier to-morrow, and I'll fasten licr op in hor coffin now, to kcop rnoddlors out Anil I'll set nu it tlio rOBt of tlio timo. if uo- tiling elso'lldo." "Hirnm Dixon, are you possessed? '' qricd out Ruby's aunt. " Lot liim alono," said tliq dootor, whitontng through his lips, " only sco tlist slia'u moved dceontly," " Kcop your dirty, olsyoy hnnds oil, thon,' dictated tho landlady, " and let Deckers and Doe. Smith's wifo and ids put liar iu." " Thoy grew and thoy grow to tho oliurob sloeplo top, and there thoy couldn't get no higher," shouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at thn coiling over tlio heads of hut discordant inmates. Whatever omotiou she (nit at cooing her dnnghtor's body placed ip its lost reci'ptnolu was oonccalcd within tho muzzle of the suiiboiinot find mado no ox- nlosiyo esoapc. V " How I bppo you're satisfied," raid Aunt Ruby Aqn tq tha uld man, begiuuiug to woep aud wring hor noso botweon her thumb auu one finger, when tho last oraokling fold ol Ruby's drapery was laid straight. "If thoy'vo all, ovcri to Dno. Brotliorton, givo hot up, I s'poso I'll havo to." . I' ' « I'll lie satisflod whon tno sorowa is druv : to pluoa," replied Hirnm Dixou, fitting tho , lid with mioh oalloua oxnotnoHS that oho folr lioraolf impollod to add with biting consuro : " I boliovo you'd liko to havo Nato in tboray Tlio old man looked up, nnd his spcotaolojj in tho dim light soomod to flume hire woll, ores. Ilo was oxaspuriitod to n point hoyondi liis onduriinoo, nuil Nalo's lintoy droso was' within onsy resell. Ouo of tho boy's bare feet clonchod a round of tho olisir whioh supported) Ruby's bond, as ho lifted hiir.solf up to looki down at her. ..... ... " I'll put liim in," said old Hiram, grabbing tbo hoy, and instantly tho shinglos on lire roof scorned rent by Nnto's nliriolr to lire mother, liomo mufilsd sound mingled with) thn noiso ho mndo, mid tho dootor lioing llrnl to roach him was tlio first to sco Ruby's open. CJHo wns holding licr child undor 0110 of bin arms nnd liftiug lior head with llio othor, whou Mre. Dixon lirod oil the conclusion of that doggerel ballad with whioh her mind hns been eu heavily chavgod by Ruby's last rupii tition of it : Aim tuero tnoy on'wmed In s trueluwt knot for all true .overs to admire, 'niiro, 'mire ; for nil true lovers to ndmiro." Traditions of Ruby Sibling's trenco still linger nbout Millport. You mny yot heat how sho tried to move, hut could not ; how 13 r a 1 1 1 u r t u tl ill jam » jpixon in ' took' her' away'ftttor tlioir marri'ago, kooping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from herself and hor soil thenceforward. A high school building to-day oooupios tha hill where tlio old houso stood, nnd Ruby s unpleasant Bloptalher Iiiih lain for ycaretrost- locked and grass-hound, in tho outgrown grevo-yanl, his wifo— presumably with her sun lionuol over hor oyes— liooido him. Iho railroad and telopliono connect Millport with all tlio world, and the town can lmrdly be- liavo such talos told oi its early youth. 