THE PSIS8KER. We cannot be more than eight hundred miles from Rio de Janeiro. But it Is four months and 3 day since we left. there. The second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, besides fracturing the; shaft -1 do not believe we moved two miles in any direction after that But •worse was to come. ł One day, what we imagined was yellow fever broke out amongst us. First, Ferrand, the chief engineer, died. Then one after the other the officers succumbed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis de la Fores tier and myself, had been left with four other members of our party. In Kio. They were to rejoin us at Pernambuco, for which port we were bound when we lost our screw and struck this windlass belt and were boarded by Death. One morning, at breakfast the marquis himself was taken ilL At noon, my friend and old schoolfellow died in my arms. No suspicion had any of us that it was aught but fever. The symptoms were exactly as we had heard when ashore—excessive retching, agonised spasms, death. Alas! we had no doctor, and, amongst us all, no medical knowledge! And it was calm—always calm. And we lay and sweltered motionless. And at short intervals men died. The officers were all gone. Then in one day five of the sailors died—five, do you understand?—one after the other. The survivors, wild with fear, declared that La Pucelle^vas accursed, doomed to rot where shelay. And, seizing two of the boats, they pulled away. They implored us to join them. But we preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths for twenty-four hours. So they went On board were now left only myself, Jean d'Auvergne, better known as the Baron de Clichy; my friend, Antoine de Ceyenne. Sieur de Beaupere, and the steward, a native of Ajaccio in Corsica, who also refused to leave the ship. Evidently the plague had ceased. But week after week we lay like a log in the sun's eye: night after night and day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watch for wind to fill our little sails, and at least' take us from amidst the graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never ceased to swim about in the stagnant water, matching for more victims. And ever the calm stood, and to save ourselves from madness, we worked hard at cleaning and scraping and painting the vessel. For some time the steward had been acting in a strange and most offensive manner, insisting, amongst other things, that as we were nów all equal, he should take his meals with us in the cabin. Naturally, we resisted this innovation. One day. words •waxed hot between himself and Antoine. De Cevenne struck him. His threats were awfuL "Ferrand struck me once!" he concluded. "Where Is Ferrand now? Where are they all, my accursed masters?" Then a horrid suspicion came into ray mind, and I determined to watch him closely for at least the next twenty-four hours. But such a length was unnecessary. Washing the blood from his faoe, he went straight to his pantry. Stealthily I followed, and sa.w him take a. sqnare glasr bottle from one or the shelves. Holding It up to the light, he grinned, and muttered to himself in Italian—"Fool that I was to spare them! Soon shall the j fever return! Then there will be but one master on La Pucelle!" With a shout to Antoine in the saloon, the next minute I had the miscreant by the throat .He fought like a fury. But we mastered him. The bottle con-' tained arsenic stolen from the dispensary- He had not even the excuse of insanity; for -when at last, securely bound, we carried him jon deck, he boasted, in a matter-of-fact cold- blooded fashion, of the revenge he had taken- And he told us, too, that he had but spared us for a short time longer because of the pleasure- it gave him "to feel the sehse of absolute power over the last of his former masters—a. possession he was lotli to part -with. "But the poor seamen, with whom you had nothing to do?" queried Antoine, in a voice of. horror. "The lust to kill comes by. killing." replied the wretch with a laugh. And he would speak no more. Indeed, he had but little time. Far more merciful than he had been, we hurled him overboard. The next minute the watchers took him, leaving only a red stain on the still water, to show the end of the wholesale murderer. And now the ship became utterly insupportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned biends. Strangely enough, before this knowledge no such thoughts had ever troubled US. Now Martel the captain. Ferrand the engineer, bluff old Joyense the mate, the marquis, and many others, hovered around us, all with distorted £acea and .despairing gestures, their Manes still unappeased. To-day we take the larger of the two remaining boats. Of provisions aad water we have an ample . supply. Farewell, unknown reader! Perhaps, ere this meets your eye, we may have joined our friends over yonder. But we trust in the good God and the saints, and. more than all, In our luck. Once more, adieu!—"Public ©pinion." A! remarkable mań has just died in the person.of AbdulHuh, otherwise Sirdar DQer Tung, of Hyderahad fame. Of fine presence, much plausibility, and a master of Idiomatic English," he had some extraiordlnaiy adventures. Perhaps his most noteworthy atiSevement was to obtain from the Nfccam'sGovexament .an enormous sum of money as commission for promoting the Hyderabad Railway. This transacUon ftorancd the subject of a Parliamentary Inquiry, and as a result of the investigations be was -compelled - to disgorge a considerable part of .his gains. But he still remained a Wealthy man, and •cnt jio inconsiderable Bgure in-Bombay, where hepwnedalargeamount ot house property- He claimed that he was a great friend of Str'Bartte Frexe. ' Prom 1784 to 1786 the 'style of halr- Sresdng ln Paris Ranged i7 times, and Wentfrom ithe. extremecfshortcurlsand a skull cap to a hat three feet broad. 