THE LITTLEBOROUGH BACHELORS' BALL. " No, Frank," said Jim Wickham, in reply to his companion's qoetion, " we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough ror the last three years." Caplain Curgenven elevated his feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilted back his chair. His hoat watched him nervcusly, being con cerned for the peril of the Crown Derby tea cups. " I don't think I shall bleak anything',' mur mured Curngeuve, contolent, dly; " I have only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the intlerst of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboardl is reliable, as it ought to be,I shall be thoroughly comfortable in body and mind." Wickham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious thatremnonstrance was use le s. He made no comment, and returned to tLe sublject under discussion " As son nas Charlie Davidson got rmarried'" Le cuntinurd, " we Ithe gallant remnant ef siigleblesednesas in LittleLorough, codsidee.i it about time to cease advertising every ChrIt- Z mes our fortunate condition. Charlie had man- I aged the Bachelors' Ball for years." " And succe.sfully ?" y " Execrably . no worse Secretary could haveo been found. That was his gre at merit, because t everybody was always prepared to abuse him. He always offended two-tlhirdls of The neigh hourhood; he forgot to.invite his mother and sister oune year." a " Poor old Charlie 1" said Curgenven, with I a smile. " his head was inever very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." ' " Whten he resigned hle lett the mansagement of the ball in such evil odour that nobody in the town could be prevailed on to undertakel it; so c the ball was dropped. Beardes, there was rather I a painful incident in connection wish the last I dance we gave that has notyet been explained to all." "This is very exciting," remarked his friend. I " Please to remember that I have been fiour years in Ilnldia, and am dlying for Litleborough I news. Relate the occurreice in your own ini. mitable style, while I smoke and listen." Jim Wickhnm was a seasoned bachelor,whoso earliest and only love hoabeen the sound of his i own voice A kindly little busybody, few things I inoLittleborouagh escaped the inquisition of his I double eyeglass.- le drew a chair to the tire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of his own powors to do justice to his subject. " I need hardlysay it was Charlie Daviidson's fault entirely," lhe began. "You know we uiised I to have a list of people that were invited evi ry year. "Charlie alwvays 0nt them invitations, whether thry had left the place. or were dead, I or bankrupt. He used to ivite them all. lie asked old Miss Cumbirbatch three succe-sive years after her deathc at the gp' of 79." " But she sLver would accept. I suppose ?" " No; she never appeared. But at Insthe ,ý..F, we lso~pd " batch? '" "And this man," said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying his inend on Iis comi panion's arm, " actually appeared at the ball.e That was the uncomfortable part of it." " Good Lord ! " said Curgeoven. " I say, you'll have to shift that Sevres flower-rase; ii you make any more statements of that kind, I shall be kicking it over." His host rose, obcdienitly, and cleared a wider space in the neighboisrhood of his companion's slippers. -Nether spoke for a momint or two, andi then Curgenven demanded cont nuance and an explanation. " Who on earth was the man ? " he asked. " He had no business to be anybody ons earth then," was Wicklhams reply. " His name was Dunlop Perguson. I dare say you remembes him." "Oh ! yea, rather. iHe was aquiet, nice kind of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up in these parts learning banking, wasn't he ? I remember him chiefly as a great friend of old Waterlold, the banker. Surely he was in Waterfield's bank ? " " That's the man. He was a great friend of mine, nud he was a great friend of Kitty WYaterfield's-ho used to talk to me about her." " I knew a girl would be bound to come into the story soon. What is she like ? Attractive I don't know her even by sight." " Not the least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. She's cilther too shy or too raserved. I'voe known her all her life, I and taken her in to dinner ahouttbirty times. I once extracted from her a confession that she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only cond-. ence she has ever honoured me with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit further with her than that. Indeed, he was deprerately keen on her. I can't for the life of I ice imagine why, except for the fact that she I didn't care two straws about him. She used to hbe rude to him. though, and that was an ad. aace on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody relse. " Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfield ldanced together i nmore than once, I can vouch for that, and they sat out together.pretty often too. She wae never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough : but he never looked as anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room: and she I went about, either with him, or without him, e pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolute:y unconcerned. - the looked rather pretty that night, but whether she enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and have a smoke with me after the dance;: and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, I paid : Ya're Coming round for apipe, eh t?' He mid 'Not ts-night, I tihik. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thoughlt he seemed rather low-spirited and tired, and he shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never set eyes on the man since. Mind the clock, Frank, your right foot is dangerously near it." " You ought not to say such startling things, then. Go on." " The next day Ferguson left Littleborough without a word to anybody. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in London, I forget which. Most people wondered at his guing, and missed hin not a little: but the only iperson who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfeld, and nobody in his senses ever dreaned of pumping her. She went on just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expreossionless. I spoke to her once about him. but she never answered, and I changect the subject to Ionme, where she had just etrn. She was not exactly ga.rruloue on that tolpic either; but that is neither here nor there. " We had just issued the invitations for the next HBachelora Ball a year after, and Charlie Daividson, who was engaged to he married at the time had signalised his farewell appearance as Secretary by making even a bigger messof the ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked LLe t.ord-Lieutenant and the Colonel in com mausd. I was in he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fe'lows, when a nten said suddenly, ' I see that poor young Fer gcso., who was up here, is dead. He diet simewhere in Africa about six weeks ago. It was in all the papers. Didn't anybody see it ? ' " Nise of us hadl sees it, and it was a great shock to me. But Charlie Dviecdsn, swho was there, turned as pale as a sheet, ant laid down Ihis knife and fork. I knew at once lie ihad srut poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry fur him, as he looked very muic uoset. " Young Hahiburtbo,hcowever, begac to creck his customary jokes at Charlie's ex-oenve. Ite observed that we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary inviteld turned vtp, end was further anxious to discover if Qucen Acute had bees aksid, saying he thoitghit otto utigit be offenceril at the oiimicin. Busutowhen heisnt on anl said it was enough to drag* yaocg Fer guson fricm olis grave, the Iluckless Charlie lookeld so ill that ptoptle sold Hfeliburttn to sry op. and not try and te funny on a sobject uke that. " You know, think lDavidson was worked up into rether an 'eeriea' state of sciitd sohen tehett entfus stight arrived. lie has often, in tellins rsue thut story of ehet he sotto, remarked that he tl it a prrsentimeat---" " Oh. lou't' interrupted his listener. " foci't let uis ticie any presentimvents. Go on with the aocccotOte." " Just as you like," riplied Wic'shommildly. ) Anyhow, slsatecr Charlie's state of mcad was, the nuppcr-roocn had just treess oe;tnetl. and he was rcuhingsbouttelling the wroig men to take inthewrong ladies le came inthecocrce of his eareer to a small cittieg-out rteoic clo to the entranee-holl. It was ratter a roltl octd unpopular room, with a dejeetvu- lalcokiiug tlms tree intho centre, end fitted out with the shatb biest of the sofas and chairs. The ball secretbry came in, but he stooped quite as hastily inc the doarway. eor. aitticcg side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Wotrliel,5 antl Dunlop Yersauston. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Perguson full in the face and saw that he was white and hnegard. m "aCharleDavidso could not stand the sight, a and bolted out like steam. Hie masaged ttc Inlc me in the sucpper-room, and I could iot r think what was the row with tim. I b-isve him some brandy. which he wanted badlyt and then lhe told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could see. " Well, brask. it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go aoud inspliect a ghost, cnil I ilsitated a little. But thb n I concluccled either that they hail brecn mislakhcs in telling us that Firguson was dlad,or ilhe chat (lihu lie had been ca misaken in tlinkicig thlct he cild soecs hint. So I put on as colm a face as I sotclul and mice slroicbt for the sspot.. I sectitncieilyvncl rccanulle, only to oild telcre wics ciostotty three but Itli-o Woitefieli. .hi-be eisa vttiog hack oec the sofe, with her huicdit behinci ter head, look s ing up at the tch clic light." a Di"dit si-e seem uojiet ?' acked Curgenveg, " or stlstleul " Ste loukcd itothing. vs elict always did," s-as she '-rplty ~ 'Tlcri wc-ss pocitively not oce \- sign obtutbc Lor tics; ecilcict till cictylcoct anctytlcicit She lco'ocd, if nytllhenyi, a litsle bhred." " That is qsu I- tbie ccr, ct exollcds ccn for a . gil to Incivr,c" obet sveid Cua'enenic selactitlig cioceihe !Icus -tihe bos ccci ihe teble, " shin her Sild lover hc c, toaind frc m the grave to meet ei ienvu ehe aniivoanary of the day ate rejeched mm. I suppose you catehlised herr " My cross-exomination was very skilful, for I lad up to it geolly. I said I didn't know she was all alone : to which she rerlied, ' Didn't you: '-which is a chilling sort of answer, and oneo t whlich she was veary great. I could not for lthe life of me go on to say that I bad beenc told a ghost was sitting out the sulpper danre s with her. I made some general remnark, who h she received with a nolito ' Indeed ! ' displacing no interest of any kind : and then her mother sodldenly came in. fler mother is talkative, and an idiot, so I fled. leaving the secret bes hind me. d1"I'm bound ti ay that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story later on in the evening when severral glasses of champragne in terenerd between himself and the facts. Ho made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse-like and supernaotural,-and added a sug gestion of a bullet-wouid in his forehead, im plying suicide. Howoover, other people eere in. elinred to be less impressed, and hutled thut the Secretary had been samrphig the drinks bieforo supper. Young lnliburton, when he was next in Londrn, maode irquiries at Ferguson's club whither Charlie had posted the cardl for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he l.d heard Inothing of Ferguson for averal monoth.s, and that he had left no iaddress to whih, his letters might be forwarded. lie showed Blali Lur:on habout thirty letters for Ferguson, and lnaliHburlon eugerly searched through them to finl Charlie'os invitation. But-this was a very strange feature in it-the invitation to the ball was not among the letters. WYasn't that curious ? " CnOrIoIr P" * It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere blyond his Club." " Shortly after this remarkrable apparition, Miss Woterhield went away from I.itlleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musical instrumenrt in Germuany. I bhliivo music interests her faintly, much more than lovers or chosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club onrce said that if Ferguson were resily dead he considereal kitty Waterlleld morally f hia deathLUprou hich:, till h: eisng, 50. Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excel!eut odle, and it remnined an ex cellent story. in his estimation, until one daybhe hapened to see in the paper the marriage, tele graphed home rom Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an ollicer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the namne was not a very uncommon one, and that the Litt'chorough psychical researchers had not very conuclusive evidence that th.Ferguson who appeared at the ball was the same Fe rguson who was dead. Charlie Davidson and W\Vickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of the same name. Others. however, hold that Ferguson paidl a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when bliss Waterfield comes hack to her native town certain bold spirits have resolved to cast lots to decide who shall question her and find out the truth.-" Vanity Fair." 