Tke Yaiiiislilii&f; Banknotes. Br JAMES McGOVAN. [Author of "Brouehfc to Bay," "HunteJ Down," "Solved Mysteries," &c.;] Paet I. The woman had evidently never before been in a Police-office and looked as flustered and excited as if she thought we might straightway lock her up in one of the cells. She was about 45, quite plainly dressed and rather common looking, but there was nothing common about her case, as I was forced to admit as soon aa she began to put it before me. She had asked for me particularly, as most persons do when they have a perfect staggerer, ' and now gave her name as Jane Gibson and stated that she was the wife of a foreman tailor in a shop in the New Town. " Did you ever bearof money slipping through the keyhole of a locked box inside of a locked drawer ?" she abruptly asked, and the sudden question so confidently put made me look at her curiously for. a moment, before replying. I had expected her to broach the subject timidly, but instead she plunged into it right off. . "I have Mieard of many things slipping through keyholes," I at length answered, "both ghosts and bodies, but I never saw it done. Have you been robbed 2" "No." The answer was given promptly and firmly. " Lost money, then ?' I ventured. "I don't know; it has just disappeared," she slowly returned, "and if you can find out how-it has gone it's more than I can or my man either, but it's very serious, for it's all our savings—£43. I wish we had kept it in the bank, but we, thought the banks weren't very safe, so we drew it and kept it at home." "That, was very foolish," "Yes, I can see that now, but we're aye wise ahint the hand. But how could it go? I had it locked in a workbox and the key of that. worlcbox was never out of my purse—here it is," and she produced a small key which could have been imitated in two minutes with a bib of wire, "and the workbox was in a drawer, which was always locked and the key never out of my husband's keeping. So you see we had always Loth to be there when any money was taken out. I know exactly all the notef that were there—one £20-note of the Bank of' Scotland, one £I0-note of the British Liner Company, two £5-iiOtes of other banks, anc three £l-notes of the Bank of Scotland. 1, might not have discovered the loss for months, but I was putting away soma money last night and found it all gone. I thought I'd have fainted on .the spot." " Have you a servant ?" " Oh, no, nor any bairns ; not a soul in the house but our two selves." "Perhaps your husband has done it for a trick—just to frighten you," I suggested. " Oh, "no • he's just as upset as I am and I can't blame him, for it's hard to lose so much money after toiling for yeara to save it. We didn't get a wink "of sleep all night thinldng about it. If it had been an ordinary thief the box and the drawer would have been broken open, but they weren't. Everything was just as it should be and both'the box and the drawer locked, but the money was gone." "That's very strange," I remarked, still studying her face curiously. "It is quite certain that the money could not have gone without hands, isn't it ?" "Oli, yes, quite certain," she answered, wincing a little under the steady gaze. • "Are you sure that neither of you eves walks in sleep?" I con tinned. She started and flushed a little. "Oh, no, I'm quite sure we don't. If my man did it I'd be sure to know, and if I did ib he'd be sure to tell me of it. But what has that to do with it ?' " Simply that you mighfc rise in your sleep and put the money in a safer place and forget all about it in the morning." She looked at me in a half-scared way for a moment or two and then hurriedly answered that that was quite impossible, and that they had searched every corner and cranny and box. and drawer in the house in vain. "Then what do .you wish me to believe?' I impatiently pursued. " That your neighbors came in with false keys while you were out and took the money ?' "No, no; I could trust them, and besides none of them knew we had money. The one that took it must have known it was there, for everything in the drawer above the box whs exactly as I had left it." "Was there no one about your house at all?' I asked after a stupefied stare.. . "There was one person, but Pd rather nob say anything against her," she answered with apparent reluctance. "Why?' "Because—because my husband thinks Pm jealous of her," she answered with a look which made me think exactly the same. " She is a dressmaker, and I had her in sewing for me for about a week. She was often in the house for hours alone, for I went out never think ing of her not being honest. But I will..say that she knew nothing about the money being tbere, for I never told her or took out the box before her. I don't know how she could have opened both the drawer and the box.. It seems more like some spirit-had carried it off." " Is she a poor woman ?'' I sharply asked, for it was clear, to ine that while my visitor appeared to be defending' the dressmaker she was really throwing a cloud of suspicion over her. "Yes, that's it; tbafs what looks worsb about it," she answered with fresh energy. "She's a poor young woman, or pretends to he, but she was always spending money. I don't know how many things she bought that week, long before I gave her the week's money. I know she bought a fur cape in a shop on the bridge and a new bonnet in a place in Nicolsoa street, and some other things. I • didn't think of it at the time, but whenever I missed , the money I remembered." " And you went to her and charged her with it, I suppose ?' I suggested, for Mrs. Gibson looked like a woman who-would have had few scruples in speaking her mind. "My man wouldn't hear of it," she said bitterly. " Indeed that's what kept us awake so long last night—we were arguing about it. He said he would sooner lose the money than have a word said against Lizzie Cameron, bub for all that he insisted on me coming to see you. 'I'm not afraid of_her or any innocent .one getting into trouble if McGovan takes up the case,' he said to me, so there, you know all about it." I did not think that I did; indeed, so far from knowing all about it,,I had a suspicion that I knew worse than nothing—that is, what she simply chose to put before me. I began to' dislike the woman and to wonder what was underneath it all. " You are jealous of this-dressmaker," I said at last. She seemed horribly startled, but denied the impeachment strongly. "Well now, that being the case," I calmly pursued, "do you Suspect your-husband of ■■ having given her all this money ?' "No, I wouldn't believe that though she swore it on the Bible," she answered, with great earnestness. "If she has' got it he knows nothing about it. There's nothing wrong with him, hut don't I like her." I took down the address of Lizzie Cameron, the dressmaker, and also the addresses of the shopkeepers she had patronised during her plethora of money, but a feeling of distrusb was creeping into my mind. I expected to find that there had been some hard lying about the purchases, for a woman's mental vision is apt to become obscured when the' disease called jealousy fastens upon her. It also seemed strange to me that her husband, had •not come with her to make the complaint— almost as if he had expected me to tumble down the house of cards at a touch. - It would never do, however, to let my visitor suspect the feeling, so I said pleasantly— "You may trust me in everything, Mrs. Gibson. Did your husband seem to be very fond of this girl ?' "No, not very," she said viciously, "butsbe did seem a great deal too fond of him. Men are only soft sumphs at the best; ifs women' who are the worst." " Oh, indeed," I simply observed. "Yes; surely I know my own sex," she snappishly continued. " I wouldn't trust one woman on earth." "Except yourself of course,". I laughingly rejoined. "Oh, of course," she responded. : But just then a suspicion that I was laughing at her seemed to dawn upon her and cloud her brow. "Shesaid she wasehgaged to be married, too," she continued after a pause, "but if she is why doe9 she need to flirt with a. married man. There should be a law to transport such wretches. Or perhaps she wants to make up enough to furnish her house," she venom ously added. "I'could believe that, but I'd give the best teeth out of my head to know how she got at the money." She raved on freely in this fashion for some minutes and before I had dismissed her I knew that she was burning with jealousy and that nothing would exalt her more than the news that Lizzie Cameron was in prison.. About an hour later I went out to her house in College-street and examined the.drawer and box from which the money had vanished,' jusb to make sure that there were no" rat or mice holes through which the notes might .have " been dragged to make a nest, and then I went down to a milliner's shop in Nicolsoh-street close by, and found that about a week before a young woman who gave Lizzie Cameron aa her name, had bought a ready-made1 bonnet and had it . sent home to " the address .then in my ' notebook. -' A. t smart-looking girl,' who ,at tended to me,.and .turned up .the checks to verify the Sale,. .temembere&ipeffectly; of-the transaction, though she had not seen the buyer —her duty being simply to take in the money. How do you remember it so well?' I asked, for it did not seem' to mo that a Cs. (id. order from a stranger should linger long in the memory.. ; ; v". - . V Because, I was afraid the note might be a - bad one and I sent out to get it changed just to make sure," was the prompt reply. _ "Why were you afraid it was bad?' I asked in surprise. D 1 .[' Because it was a $20 note, and people don't often' change such a big note for a six and six . penny order. Rogues and forgers do it often enough." "What! was it a £20 note?' I cried in : genuine surprise.' ■ • . "Yes." "What bank? Do you remember?" "Bank of Scotland—I know that," she con fidently answered, ".for I told the girl to take it over to the Savings Bank, for I know they deal with that bank." "Are you so sure of that that you could swear it in a court of law ?" I said, thoroughly staggered by tho discovery. j "1 could swear it before all the courts that j ever were created," she answered, and then I j felt that the dressmaker was doomed. After a i little more converse I went down to a shop on ! the South-bridge and verified the purchase of ' a fur cape by the dressmaker, but,in that case j no bank- note had been changed, and only 8s. r had been paid for the cape. The smallness of the sums expended surprised me. A woman with £'43 in her possession, and more especially stolen money, does not usually indulge in such modest luxuries. A £20 sealskin jacket would j have been more like the thing. The ways, of j ' women," however, are. above man's compre- j hension, so I could only decide that the dress-1 maker had had some reason for her carefulness j ■ which might appear before I had done with ; her, and with less reluctance than I had ex pected to feel I went out to her lodgings in Simon-square, where I chanced to find her at home, though most of her time was spent in , the houses of those who employed her. (To be continued.j 