[?] By "Blackbird." An All-aged Stake, ran at the Beech- worth Open Coursing Club's meeting laBt week, was divided between Mr. C. Cnlph's dog Martin, by Martinet — May, and the 6ame owner's bitoh Seaspray, by Albatross — Silvertail. The Lismore olub anticipates at least 64 nominations for its AU-aged Stake, arranged for 9th and 10th July. In any case tbe club will add 10 guineas, but should the number reach 64 an additional five guinea trophy will be added. Entries close Gth July. The Ail-aged Stake ran at Birngarn last week was won by Mr. P. Hickey's Franlein, by Try Again— Italian Maid. Master, by Kildaze— Blue Bell, was ranner-np. Efforts are being made to rasnseitate the Narraooorte Plumpton Club, which held suoh sway five or six years ago. The date of the North Gippsland Champion has been brought forward to the 9th and 10th July. Nominations, "one guinea each, are invited for the £take. The club is adding £10 to first money, and tbe entries close with the secretary, Mr. 5. A. Luke, at hie office, Foster-street, Sale, at 8 o'clock on Mon day, 6th July. Tbe draw will take place the same evening at the Criterion Hotel. Mr. Thomas Ohadwiok, the well-known judge, will officiate on the occasion. There will also be a stake for dogs beaten in the Ohampion, at half a guinea each. The Brown's Plains Plcmpton Clnb has carried ont most important improve ments in their ground, which, I am sure, will be greatly appreciated by the public, no expense being Bp&red; in making it absolutely the best of its kind in the North-east, which, with the influential gentlemen on the committee, will be a guarantee of good sport. The late secre tary, Mr. James Gordon, having resigned, which the committee greatly regretted, Mr. ErneBt Barker has been appointed in bis stead. Sam Ah Dore, the well-known Celestial coursing enthusiast, had the following nominations at the recent Echuca meet ing: — Chang-Sha-Foo, by Only One- Fly, and Ohanghai, by Jack— Fly. Entries cloEe next Tuesday for the Nomnrkah District Club's second meet ing, and on 1st July for the opening meet ing of the Murohison and Darg&long; Clnb. South Australian Waterloo Cup has been finally fixed for tunning on 1st and 2nd July. The stake is for 48 dogs, at 5 guineas each, with a cap, value 25 guineas, presented by the president, Mr. B. Borr-Smith. Entries closed last Fri day. As I have not epaoe at my disposal to give the fully tabulated pedigree of the Benalla Cup winner, Happy Jack, I may state that hie aire, Merry Monarch, is by Qeyfield (son of Capri — Maid of Oborne) from Merry Duchess, by Kingfisher — Heliotrope, by Grenadier- Lady Hamlet. The Kingfisher strain is not found in many of the present day dogs, although Kingfisher was the fastest dog of bis day. Grenadier was the fashionable sire in his time, and stood at £10 10s. Lady Ham let, I believe, was an imported bitoh. Merry Monarch was bred by Mr. Tboa. Crawford, of Nmnurkab. Tailoress, the dam of Happy Jack, is by General Gordon (Winwondera — Bashful Lady) from Flirt. The Toongabbie plumpton will be in first-rate order for tbe Champion meet- in?. which takes nlace on the 23rd of next month. Tbe eneloeureis situated on Mr. A. P. Bowman's Gairnbrook Estate, and 6everal wall-known metro politan greyhounds are expected. The Nagambie club have fonnd it necessary to postpone the opening of their season, fixed for Thursday next, 25th inst. ' The main gate leading into tbe plumpton was left open, and nearly all the hares escaped. It is now in tended to make the July fixture a big sucoess. I have received the following memo, from head- quarters of the National c.c. :— "I have mueh pleasure in for- warding you oopy of revised rules. They can now be obtained from me, price Is. 6d. each. There are several important alterations, and all secretaries and owners should bave a copy.— Yonrs, etc., JOHN MUNDAY, Sec." In my notes last week it was printed that Darebin Rose, Bewitched, The Ghost, Quickligbt, and Nightingale were with drawn from tbe Echuca Plumpton Glob's Unallenge rappy btakos, owing to tbe hard nature of the ground. Tne word withdrawn should havo been beaten. In a letter from Mr. P. Chenhalle, president of the clnb, to me he slates that there was no dissatisfaction caused over the arrangement of card. One or two nomi- i natore, wishing to take advantage of others, owing to their dogs having had short courses, tried to inluoe th com mittee to run three rounds on thn first tnftteejoeolinsa. ;.v .. -vh (ant Dutriei 6 Clsfei Hz. Ofaaa. iMaftsniW 'yrifo -Qn? toa tofion Though wa -fliJ /not atari ;mpro ,toan and clipping jwere a 1 distinct eotta sixteen. Hie oomnnttee obq receiving every support 'for' «he "frtferioo Gup Stakes. ' . r ' Duke of Leeds has determined to start ?u the heigdrhood of Oatterlck. With this in view, his Grace was present at the last large eaje of greyhounds at (he Barbican, and made several purchases, Galatia, by Young Ffellerton out of Bally Milburn, 60 guineas, being the most im portant. ' " 