NEWS FROM ALL SOURCES. I The Chinese Rational Anthem Is so 1 long that people take half a day to listen to it The election of President of the United States will take place on 3rd November nest The total membership of the_Boys' Brigade, for the .United Kingdom is 35,000 lads, with 2800 officers. „ j The library of the late zoologist Karl | vogjt, of Geneva, lias been bought by the } fceakenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for 1 35,000 marts. J Iowa, almost from the date of its ad-1 mission, bas been called the "Hawkeye ] State." Hawkeye was the name of a ii noted Indian chief. J The fern is indicative of fascination. I In Saxony the present by a lover to his ) sweetheart of a handful of ferns is] equivalent to a proposal. I Strange noises on a lightship at New I Haven, Connecticut started the rumor 1 that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, 1 and the crew have deserted. I Kentucky is said to have been the first 1 State in the Union to grant school suff-1 rage to women in 1845. Tr^g?* followed I in 1861. To-day Oie women of 21 States 1 have this privilege I A fresh inscription bas just been dis- J covered at Delphi, giviag circumstsn- «oi details concerning the method of 1 gaining the various competitors at the 1 ancient Olympic games. " 1 The buke of Orleans, bead of the J House of Boto- boh, and. therefore, Pre- I tender to tie Throne of Prance, has 1 been betrothed to a daughter of the I Archduke Joseph of Austria. ! posrf ^toi^S^?^S j Britain and łh^TTnitui the United States siniM will tciii within J , . , rjimnws i 0 y ^ u ^ ^ ^ ^ J be true. _ 1 Tiie vital principle is strongest in the 1 common tortoise. One of ttese animate 1 has lived for sis; months after the re-« moval of its brain, and the severed head has ehown signs of life three days after being cut ofE. There are doors in some old bouses in Holland which were in former days never used except for weddings and I funcrals. After the bride and groom | had passed, the door was nailed up to! await thenext occasion. 1 The editor of tbe "Tribune," the Republican organ, is report-1 ed~ as saying, after"* thrfce hours' j talkwimMr M^ey^'Neiaersdv nor gold as tiie main-issue; the battle I will be fought on the tariff. I Potatoes seem to have originated in j Peru. For a long time this now univer-1 sal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed j only by tie wealthy. Even at the be-1 ginning of the seventeenth century j noblemen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, ] and seasoned them with sherry. j The Great Seal of England is a silver I pair of dies, which are closed to receive 1 the melted mass, poured, when an to- ] pression is to be taken, through an ori-1 fiee left in the top. The impression of I the seal is six inches in diameter and j three-quarters of an inch "thick: I The "most expensive trousseau on record is that of the late Empress of i China, whose marriage took place a few years ago. The trousseau cost ] over a million pounds, one-third of the money coming from the Imperial revenue. the rest from the Empire. There are in England from 80,000 to 90,000 K)0barmaids, barmaids. uver Over LOOO luuuiniiouaou London ire daughters . „ of gentlemen-400 , . have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the I Church, 200 are daughters of army I officers, 200 daughters of physicians and I surgeons, 100 daughters of navy officers. I Instructions have just been received 1 from the Japanese Government which t wlU have the effect almost at once, of t placing in the hands of English manu- I factarers and shipbuilders. a further J large quantity of work. The sum to be j expended, it is said, will not be less than I four million sterling. I The French navy is going to make | experiments with torpedo boats built of 1 aluminium or of an alloy of another | metal and aluminium. The hulls are of I wSfc sheet-iron. If the experiments succeed, it is very likely that larger [ French war vessels also will be built of the materials in question. ^ Agricultural Eating Bill, anas the I Landlords' Belief Bill, which caused 1 such excited scenes in ihe House of I Gommons, has had an apparently quick j and easy passage through the House of I Lords. This is the first important mea-1 sure for which the present Government 1 bas succeeded in obtaining the endorse-1 ment of Parliament 1 in Prussia the light railways, or J •KJeinbahnen." number 37, with a total 1 mileage of about 480 miles. Of these J the German Government says: "In I ceneral the light railways appear to be ] well adapted to the development and I improvement of agriculture and ] forestry and their accessories, particu- J larlv to opening np new markets and I facilitating the carriage to and fro of j manure and raw produce over a. «m-1 siderable area of country." I The storv is being constantly told in] Eussia of the answer given to the Em- j peror when bis Majesty proposed to bis j Future wife. "The Emperor, my father, 1 bas commanded me to make you thel ofcr of my hand and heart" was the Czarewitch's quaint way of putting ^ "And my grandmother, the Queen," re-J P5ed the tody, "has commanded me to \- d r ^ a u S ^ tJt «5 him. she ,is i a r woman Z S U calculated ł a t e l t0 to make a ^ any n y j J t amiable man happy- I Here fe a grim story from the "Dally 1 Telegraph's" Paris letter:—A month I jsince three men met by chance in a cafe l on the Avenue fie Versailles, ona bad a. j game of cards. One of them -was ' journalistwho had been an unsuccessful* candidate ai the municipal elections In. the district; anottexwas a Government official; and the third was a commission 1 agent, toteably^weU known in. neighborhood. The Government was the winner of nearly eveiy game, I „ a ... I lucky player was addressed as.foUows 1 by the commission agent: 1 ain glad "to 1 know you, and I hope that we Łhall 1 meet again." The utterer of this sen-1 fence was Anbert (who is charged with I the trunk murder) and the person whom J he was so anxious to see again was M. i Delbler, the executioner, who lives not I far from the Avenue de Versailles. I Durand, the hanging man of Parls, | has been cut down aiter thlrteen days J on' bis mock gibbet The "Telegrapb" I correspondent says that -when released I Durand rested-for eome time, and im- I blbed -wlth.great relish a few drops of j the special elixir whlchlie carries about 1 with hlm. The rope was cut »nd the 1 bits weredlstrtbuted amongfiojn&of; the l . ^ i w n ^ ^ ^ f t M r e ^ ; ) ^ ^ the .toltaliop. allows, , was ^rectea.1 •Durand/^^^Hilite^ąjgiJąo^ 