Les Cloches de Corneville. -:o :? The following is a synopsis or the above opera, which will be performed in the School of Arts by the Ipswich Amateur Opera Company this and to-morrow evenings:-" Les Cloches de Corneville" (or the "Bells of Normandy") is undoubtedly one of the most popular of French comic operas. The music is by Robert Plan quette and the libretto written in English by Messrs. HB. B. Farnie and Robert leece. It is some years since this fascinating opera-dramatic work was first staged in London, and was so en thusiastically received. It still lives in public favour-shinining out with characteristic bril liancy in the front rank of " opBra bouffe." The village scene in the first act opens with a full chorus of villagers, maidens, and country men on the way to the fair at Corneville, full of gossip (as is the village fashion). Themusic is marked with dash and conspirito. The en trance of Serpolette-" Like a clapper in a bell, her tongue goes wagging on pell mell"-tends only to increase the gushing gaiety of the girls on their way to the hiring fair. The Baillie and old miser Gaspard then make their appear ance, and are made the butt of the village maidens. The Baillie informs Gaspardoof his intention (by virtue of his office) to throw open the Chateau de Corneville which has been for sometime closed and reputed to be haunted. Galpard is much discomforted at the Baillie's intention, and, for secret reasons, tries to dissuade him, promising to use his influence to make his niece Germaine wed the Baillie. But " the eye of the law" has a rival in Greoichebr, the poor fisherman and peasant, who has the credit of saving Gcrmaine from drowning. On the arrival of the Marquis de Corneville on the scene, while on his way to the Chateaux, the villagers gave him a gratifying reception, and the bells of Corneville ring out a welcome on the young lord's return. On the road to the hiring fair, the Baillie and Gobo (his shadow) appear in amusing dialogue. The finale of Act 1 is descriptive of the hiring fair where the Marquis makes a heavy transaction in do. mestic servants for his chateau, the act con cluding with sparkling choral effects. Act the second discloses the interior of the Chateau. Theliarquisenters with Germaine, accompanied by the villagers, with lighted torches, to investi. gate the old castle. During their exploration of empty corridors and vaults, the Baillie, Serpo fette, and Grenichex. come on the scene fancy ing they see "spectre, ghost, and sprite," and are surprised by the appearance of the Marquis and Gremaine. The search resulting in the finding of a docoument-the certificate of birth of Clemence de Lueenay, viscountess, born at Borges, 1678-with a letter addressed to Jan Gaspard, farmer, of Corneville, the Baillie reada the letter, which contains instructions to Gas pjard from the Count de Lucenay to bring up his daughter, entrusting him with money for her education. Here Serpolette claims to be thl Countess, .and Grenicheuf is put into the armour of - mail and left alone in the chateau to keep watch. Then comes the entrance of Gaspard, who proceeds to wake up, in illusion, the ghosts of the chateau and laughs as he gloats over his gold. "Ghosts may rise and phantoms may come." "A haunted castle is. a true money safe." "An old man in a winding sheet to pass for all the ghosts of Corneville." Sud deoly the bells of Corneville ring out, and, on the entrande of the villagers, the miser is discovered terror-stricken, and falls sebseless on his gold. Thus ends in tragic tableaux the second act. The-third act (a village scene) opens with dance and chorus-a gala day in honour of.the completion and renovation of the Chateau de Corneville. Old Gaspard, money and wit gone, is dejected and disconsolate. The claims of Seryolette are discovered to be false, and Germaine is proved to be the real Countess after all. The miser, returning to .reason, is penitent-sane enough to ask for pardon. The old man is forgiven, and the bells of Corneville ring out again-" far and wide on the marriage of the Marquis and his bride."' Arrangements have been made to delay the last train for Brisbane this evening until 10-15 o'clock, and everything will be., done to ensure the comfortable accommodationof the audience. Steps have also been taken to maintain strict order before or during the performances. We hope to see bumper houses on each evening. 