Tales of the Vnexplainable. TBy Ernest Favenc) fPFTTB HAUNTED MILK BtPCKBJT. JOT'S a queer thing,' marked Jim, 'but af ter you asked, me that question ' last night, I fell to thank ing aibout it, and I ?-'' distinctly remember a very strange thing that happened about a galvanised iron backet.' 'You mean to say,' I interrupted, 'that you stopped awake and made one up.' *TSto iEeaai, This 3s perfectly true, and I'll Bell you of a man, -wiho you must know, to%o ?was there. You. remember Tom Sweeney?' 'No, I don't,' I said. » 'His brother married an elder sister of BLU Burke, and, as you rexnemiber, Burke was breaking out on the Paroo at the time you passed down wditih cattle— or it might Ihsve been the year before or the year &fiber;, rm m-t sure wibiea. Anyhow, you must iknow him.' *Til be hanged if I do, and who is it, [Bcrke or Sweeney, t2iat I ought to know? .And which saw the ghost of the bucket, ?Burke or Sweeaey?' 'Itis Sweeney you ought to know. I onily mentioned Burke in order to bring him back to your remembrance. I never said thai either of them saw the ghost of a buc ket I said that something strange hap pened about a bucket. Anyhow, I remem ber tirai Sweeney broke Ms neck before you canne np on the station, so I suppose you couldn't have known Man. He was there, at -any cate, and was the cause of what hap pened. Ringneld was in. charge frhpn I suppose you won't deny knowing Mm? He ?w-as going to get married, and -wanted a Lot of piii-bfira broken in, so that there should be plenty of milk and butter on the station ?wfcen he brought lias wife up. Now, there's no fun in breaking heifers in. If they're no* choking themselves in the ban, they're friATrTng the leg^-rope off and. knocking the bucket into smithereens. Moreover, be tween, ourselves, Kiagfield knew as much labout cattle as he did about giraffes, and instead of picking out mce, quiet, lazygo ing Shorthorns, he pitched on ' bald-faced carts of things, who'd yell and squeal and lie down in the bail, and kick blazes out of creation. Naturally, everyone, was in a bad temper; for we had to get up in the morning, and give the doctor a haaad, and ?we generally cussed everything— RSngfield's future wife included.. The time came when be started down to get maaried, and he was *o be away for three -weeks. Said Sweeney *fcfrat Tiigrflrfo -' 'Was that after ihe broke has meek?' I asked. 'No; toow the deuce oould it be? No; it :WELS LK^LOXV. « -I n I ilt- ExliKL, JLrLH-tt. IK1C, AtUUJS, Pm sick of man- nandling those brutes; lef s let them rip, and go out to the old Durham tenTs camp and bring fin the same number of decent, quiet heifers. There's a lot of good ones there, with young calves. I saw iflwsn there this morning. Bet you two to one that Ringfield will never know: the dif ference.' 'We all ffliought it a splendid joke, and the next moaning we turned the ihelfers out, and they were just as glad to go as we were to get arid of them. That evening we bad: a nice lot of quiet, packed iheifers in the yard, and in a few days some of them would walk into the bail without roping, and by the -tame the three weeks were over the wihole of them -were lake old milkers. 'Now, we ihad a young sneak of a jacke boo on the station. I've hod a lot of expe ttenee with jackeroos, and I've found them aXL sorts. Some as wild as you can make 'on, nrtf\ np -x- any larks; others sneaks, and iE must say ihat, altihoiugh I'm a Tamworth native myself, I prefer the imported men. ,You can do something with them, but the other sort think that because they are born in. the country they must know everything, and their conceit 3s something stinking, lEbatSs what it is. TMs young whelp had never been out of Sydney before, and he ted fceen' sent up by the firm who owned file station, being a relation -rf one of the jpnrtnpTH. Bat Pm getting away £nom my ?toy.** *Tuou have run' off the iai]s a bit' 'Yes; itfs a bad fhabit of mine, I admit, minefield came up with his bride, and she' taned out a nice, quiet, sensible body, who had been brought up on a station, and fanew all about it RSngmeld took her down to the imTHriTig- yard one morning, and, raooM you believe it, that duffer didn't Sfcnow that those were not the same heifers, and explained to her how he ihad packed them all out himself against her anival, amd what splendid milkers they had turned out. What does that young fool of a jac fcereo do, but blurt out the whole truth might in front of Mrs Eingfield, ;mfl.1rmg a regular fool of her husband. DM you ever bear of such a thing?' Jam started has pipe again hi disgust at &e; remembrance, -tiien toe proceeded. 'Ringfield, of course, t&& very mad at be ing made to Hook so small before his bride, and when he toad pumped the jackeroo dry, and found out that it was Sweeney who originated the proceeding, he had it in for IMm. Now, I do not believe that Bingfield ever anticipated what happened. It was eenrply done out of spite, but he never (meant it would be serious. ** SSweeney,' he said one day, *Mib. Bing ifieM Haas taken a ifiaincy to that tewwn colt !Yot might try Mm with a skirt Sea how be stands it' 'Sweeney wnistted. 1 might as -well iry to break in the devil to a skirt, Mr, Bang field,1 replied he. *Wihy, that brown colt fisn kick a mosquito off !h5s ear nine times .oat of ten. He'll never carry a 3ady/ M-O well, if you are frightened of Mm, sSual's another thing. I've heard you blow i&hat; yom could ride anything with a taSL' *Now, th5s put Sweeney jumping mad; as, Of course, it was meant to do, and Jie asked Die to catch a bxnse and coane oat with ham ibthe One-mfle PJain, and he'd try the colt iwilli a skirt. So we went, and Sweeney (took a xed blanket with !hfa™ for a dummy ektct W3ien she- got on the .plain he tacked gMs under his leg and let fit flap, and, my oath! that brown colt dad go it He never shifted Sweeney, though, and £he kept him going rigM across the plain, Tihere was «ne taiee grew, raglut in i3*6 mSddte of that Sisdn, and—wonld jou credit at?— just -wSien Oiey were dose -to it the colt put has foot toto «t bole, etood on his bead, pitched Swee mey againsfc -he tree, amd feH. over an has fcaefc. There (they lay, quiet as poasSble, %he two of them, with the red blanket lake ?»«&eet; of Mood, between them. T5E pulled the lharse off Sweensy, font both, j&Kte; necks were fe»ken, and I could do no JB&ag; iwt #Fer poor Sweeney up with the -JCaial red iaaniket, and nde ihieJl^or-ieather ? ?: **Xoa may ; imagine what TMngfirf^, felt fflKe,, bat tii© woist was to come. ? Nent rimttrvfiih£ 4ho milk was taken to the MttLe Hean-to used as a dairy, and Mrs mng-firf«i, ,fwto- ihad. taken the dairy wader to&r; charge, Kwect down, to stcaJn the tsaSBs. Snto the JdisheB. Suddenly there was a shniek that icad&l.; be heard a£L over the statiota, and 4wfcen they ran into the dairy, tbeoe was jam. Bingfield in a dead faint cm the floor, an empty bucket beside (her, tuxd — a. /Krihi ft-n Vt Wood on tbe table-' jam paused. . **Now, titis is a' solemn £act! . It was ihe pame bucket Sweeney used when breaking, ? ftn **'- ihedifers, ^^A you, conitd, -m&Br; -Ti-t-\ itbai Tsrucket pare, sweet anSk, but -vrtien yaa tant ed it out into the dish— it was blood, 'They tried everything— scraping, anxi scalding, amd scrubbing, 1331 the backet ; shone like silver inside. It was all of no avafi, and, what fe more, lihe two heifers Sweeney had broken in would not let them selves be milked teto any other bucket. They would kick, and bellow, and buck if you tried it on, quiet as they generally were. So tr.ey had to be turned out again.' ' 'What became of the bucket, Jian?' ''It was taken away down to an old hut on the river where travellers' used to camp, but it very soon had some holes punched in the bottom, for a yarn got about that the water dipped up in it turned to blood before it was carried to the hut.' ? - 