THE RESCUE OF HELEN ORANVILLE. From 'Fields of Fair Renown' by Joseph [Mr. Granville, a wealthy resident nesr tbe village of Kndor, Cornwall, accompanied by his daughter, and some miBafs hss gone to ?aspect a mine. While they ate in it a creep tabes place, and to all appearance they are entombed alive. News of die disu'ar spreads through tne village, and is heard by Merlin. Roserear, a miner's soi, a dreaming lad, who has seen and fallen in love with Helen. He bad heard from an old Miner of a disused level wbioh led in'u- the mine, determines to enter it alone, equips himself, and proceeds. Some distance iuto it he Is brought to a stand still.] He could not get t-jaj farther, aod he might be ten, Efteen, or twenty fathoms from the new mine. He did not thittk he could be much farther than that. He had a pretty correct idea of the distance he bad come, also of the direction, end a man who has been reared among the mines is not often mistaken. Bat to cat a passage through fifteen fathoms of rock, even if he knew the exact direction, wonln mean many weekd* work, ^fi every side of the cavern was a solid wall, save one, and that was where a huge heap of rubbish had fallen ; bat there was bo outlet anywhere, save by tbe way he bad eome. Again despair sot hold of him. Be bad now done his all, and he seemed as far away from rescuing them as ever. And he full that he loved this girl to whom he had never spoken, and who «ss possibly entombed — loved her so ranch that he would be wDUng to give a hnndrel lives to save her if he had them. He tat down on a heap of stones and tried to drink, while the silence of the place became more and more terrible. For a time it rendered him incapable of coherent t&onght; ; besides, his head throbbed painfully. Presently, however, it seemed lea ominous, less bard .to bear. He got up to explore die cavsrn. As he groped around, his shoe atrock a piece of iroo, aod Uie clank, caused by the blow, faintly echoed along the dark tunnel through which hi had come. Stooping down to examine what he had kicked, he dis covered a rusty mtner*s pick, whicb fn all possibility had been lying there for half a century. Be picked it spin order to inspect it more closely, bat tastily threw it down down again. There was something repellent ita the thought of handling a tool which men now dead had used long years before. Under other drcofrtsiices he wonld osve thought nothing of it, but here fn the ei'elMS it made him shudder. Again and again he walked ronnd the the cavern, and on every hand he saw a solid wall, save one. Here there wa* loose stuff, «htcb looked as thougb it bad been piled against the roof of tbe cavern, or. as the miners called ir, 'the backs.*' What the loose pile meant he could not divine ; none the less, however, it appeared as formidable an obstacle as tbe smooth sides of tbe cave which die old miners bad cat with so mocb patience. 5lerlin*s effort was vain, then. Be must go back without doing what he had hoped, and yet the thought of finding his way back through the darkness alone was terrible to contemplate. Aa a drowning maa seeks to grasp at every straw, so did Merlin's mind fasten upon every foolish scheme which seemed to give the shadow of hope. Bnt nothing seemed to come of them all. The second candle was burning low ; how long he had been underground he did not know, and his reason seemed to be lesTing him Like one demented he gave a shoot. 'Holloa!' The hoarse cry made a strange nauu. as it foaod its vray alone the silent tnnnels, bat it died away at length, and the silence seemed greater than before. Hu heart seemed to stand still, for he heard a sound which, appeared to eon~.e from many miles away, and yet which migh^ be an answering cry. Possibly his imagination bad conjured up the sound, or it mightbe real. He filled bis longs with sir, and then, gathering all his strength, he gave another and a louder shout. Again the sonnd re verberated through tbe gloomy silence and died away, and then, after some seconds, he heard a faint, feeble response. He feared lest it should be the distant echo of his own cry, but he did not think it was. Moreover, tbe sonnd seemed to come from that part of the cavern where the loose Ubris lay. He seized his pick, and climbed up the jagged stones as far as he was able. Then be Btruck a rock several times with tbe head of the tool. ' Rap, rap, rap, rap !' The noise echoed and re-eonoed, then all was silent. Merlin waited for some mirntes breathlessly, bat he heard no answering With heavy heart he crept along the stones, and knocked again ' Bap, rap, rap, rap !' He waited until the echoes had died away, and again listened. He thought be heird a sound as if of scraping, and then bis heart gave a great leap. ' Rap. cap, rap, rap V* oame the response. He strnck the rock again, six times on this occasion, instead of four. If the re spouse was Bimply the echo of his own pick, there would be six blows iu return. For a time his heart beat so loud that he thought he slioald never be sble to hear any answer, bat he was mistaken. He heard the knocks plainly. Oi\e, iK'i. three, four, five. Then there Yes, he had sorely discovered them ; they were probably only a few feet from him, for Bound travels slowly through such channels. He lit a new candle, and started tn u-ork. His exjleraenee of mining stood liim in £ood stead now, for booanse o] it he was alile to do more than two or three unskilled men could have done in the same time.: Feverishly he dug away at the loose stones, and when be had penetrated mm two or three feet he paused, and gave tbe aigBjJt he bad given before. This time the answering soond was evi dently nearer ; he was working is the right direction. With renewed energy he muliumd digging antD he had penetrated eomedlltmoee farther, then he stopped far breath. ' Holloa r ^^ This time the response was gtvefl tsare* quietly, bat it seemed very Meal, rely far away. Wondering what it could mean,- be sttf worked on, bat tbe farther ha dug the mare difficult he found & ; the loose staff was con stantly falling down, filling as the passage as was trying to make. Still, be knew this moat be, and tailed on. His bands became very son, bat he did not heed ; his head acted terribly, but he dared sot cease bis efforts. ~* ? It was a matter of life and death. After some minutes he decided U- try and signal again, scrapped away the rubbish he had been digging, and then with the head af his pick struck heavily against a large stone. Before there was time for an answer so be given, he saw, to his great Joy, that the nek fell away from him, and heard a rattliaf noise on the other aide of the passage bs was trying to make. 'Holloa !' There waa a fesMs tsspuust grnB. bat Merlin. Is his baste to push his wSy towards the spot from whenos the sound esasa,«mek hit candle against roe roaf of the sate, sad bs wMtnatterdarkiMss. Evidently tbe peatfe whom he came to save hed bsss lying indark nsss. Still, bs had nstehss aad other candles, sod prepared to light thsm. Tfasobe remembersd fie bad Isft tbea beside the nstr tool of the old miners. 'Hold opf he cried; 'TB be wtttTOH in a mlnnte;' then he waited for a reply. No answer cams, however. He scrambled down the pile of rocks, sad began to grope around for the candles and in bis excitement failed to End them. ' What an idiot I am f be cried. 'Tbej may be dying and I am Cooling aWsv tbe tisie like thia!n Pmrnrlr hinhsnii Himhtsi xmr thing, »od he picked it up. Foelh»glt, fa. discovered it to be an oMahos. Thai also the ' old men ' had lefl^ *m& in Ms - II il sim.l U seemed as though their spirits lout oasts tact to mock him. He threw the thing from «?», and then after some weary seconds fosad what he desired. Ughtinx another T»fHt he climbed towards tbe hole ajpan, aW with fast beating heart crept sate tbs assce frsat whence tbe response lahassifasIshadcssM. At first he could ?*- mtfatsg, fee bttwafie went marly oat, mad it was witn «rast difficulty thst he bnsdiea. -After a fiiuls time, however, the nun« beotox ianer, aada UK air iMoune better; then- fas mw iybar, -Ofe tbe floor of the cave sevsnd wesaats fsank. . ? Use a madman be warn tromone aid. t35»7 other in search of her for whom fas baJJuf. so anxious, bat he did net st 1 1 hsr ; ?hjioesrt. became like lead, for he fefesnvt^tewc too late. Death bad bees osfate&hias; a**. _ was the victor. For a few niantes Merlin 1Tiisii—h nUmil aiiddst the prostrate fsnss in - despair : ba. knew why He had left the Inoteolaassaadaw lay at his feet It was s* «iah-Trascott jaafe said, there was no air. After brsatbing sv short time, they had eoasamsdaU th» niaWsi and, like the people in the Black- Haavaf : Calcacta, they became suffocated';. that snaa. why he breathed with on mash dtfSoulW, sad why the candle barnt so- dingy when he entered. The fool air bad a difficulty to escaping, and thr pnnr atTsonphsm tho aaino. difficulty in entering. Bad he-tfeaehed- them half an hoar before, it aught ham been different ; bnt be had done hia bast. He began to look aroond the cavern again. It was only partly filled with tfa« huge pUe of rocks which had fallen from 'the backs.' It might be that at the other and at the oats. others might be lying— ale angh* bebisa. With a shudder he pickedhi. waf»oUe the prostrate forms, until he came to a dark corner; then he gave a cry, for, with her head supported by a piece of rock, croucW the. girl he had Been the Saturday before. Nner lace was strangely white, aad her eyes wire dosed. T\as her was the gmHsisnn he re- - oognised as ber father. He, toe, lay snUTsad ' stark, while dose by him was Captain Ksa*. He took Miss Granvittei hand in Us t thsy were cold as death. Then he knelt down, and placed his ear over her heart. He heard it beating ? Tea, it beat, slowly ari-ferbty, but fife was not extinct. Perhaps— perhaps an saMt be saved. Tbe place was now filling wfthbetler air, and he remembered that a an spoke te him not long before his candle -went eat. In his excitement and dhtttpnointoient staot see ing Miss firanrille, be tnd forgotten this: but it might be that this man, si least, esaU. be restored. What could he do? It was a strange munition, and be was almost incapable of thinking aoberently. Still a great joy filled his heart, in Mite of the fact that he saw still, prostrate fora lying all around him. Soe was «et dead t He placed his ear overitereeanwain. Ves, it beat more strongly. She weaM five ! He went back to the hole he had made, and felt the slight current -f air that «ame through ; then be looked erosnd for tin man that lay nearest the hole. He aad ao difficulty in diacoverinc. which had sigaaBad to him. Even now a pick lay in hit hands. Becook^neoftheuiiner'shaDasinhia. -?«, he. too. was ahve. He was not too late after all— at least, to save some. His plan now was tc hurry out and tell what he bad done and seen ; then a party of miners would com* to. therartie. Yes; that must be hia method of procedure. Hia eyes turned towards the end of the cave where Miss GranviTU lay. No. tie could not leave her ; he OO«W not. She might die if left there; besides, suppose she came to conedQusneEB, and fonnd-«othuig hat darkness and the still forma of the entombed minrro ! No he could not leave her in each a way. The men did not matter so ranch ; they wovld not mind so much. Besides, he could leare one of his candles burning, and they would know what to do. Bat he d*red not leave her. He tried to discover if her father was alive, feat could not be sure ; be was too distracted to judge correctly. Besides the forms of the ?winApi lying around him presented a ghastly spectacle, and he felt like crying oat in fear. His overstrained nerves were giving way. He me not 6»»* from imuinffn * Scarcely knowing what he was doing, bat possessed by a great longing to aave Mira GrahriUe, he took her in his arms and carried her towards die hole through which he bad come, and Chen with great difficulty he lifted _. — feer through iL When he was alone with her in tie next cave a great joy surged through bis heart. He pra—jnuond this hgintif'! girl ! He longed to kiss her cold lips and nil her endearing names; bat something, he coald not tell what, forbade him doing so. Perhaps dier very nnconsciousnem was a sentinel which : guarded her ! His head throbbed wildly, and his limbs ?trembled beneath him, bat, as if impelled by ? an overmastering force, he prepared to carry ?her through the gloomy level oat into the light She lay perfectly passive in his anna. :She might have been dead for all the move .ifF«it m}tf made. So still was she tftp-t Merlin, iin fear, pat his ear to her heart again, but ?life was not extinct. The heart was still (beating— feebly, it is time, bat the young man tknew ahe was alive. He took his coat from bis back, tote it into istrips, and with the scrips made a kind of rope, which he fa^teopd around hia shoulders. Then he took the young girl in his anna, after whieh he fw*?'*^ the rope around her body in soeh a way as to keep her weight from fall ing «o much on his arms. After this be staggered slowly down the level, bearing the burden for which he felt he would have died. it was a strange experience. His footsteps rfw*n^f^ f Iftng the level, while -the rn-ndif on tthe top of his hat cast a fl j-^«»ring light, all around, so that shadows seemed to ^f''p out of the darkness as if to mock him But he new bolderat each step. He waa rearing the light; and sorely — rarely he was saving the yonng giri f or whom he had conceived snch an ardentlove! When he had seen her in the cave near the forms of the miners, and titooght her dead, ' it if'Tirm as though life bad lost its meuijnc. ^b never realised till then how he loved her ; and now as he carried her on to ?the light nil strength seemed to increase, for tggeat hopes surged within his breast. presently Ju came to the spot where he had (pkaad a oandls, sad where the level had uhaaaed its coarse. Hers, too, a pile of staff IJMliWiii. snil Hiiii—siii ii ? He ,tt--« n-«berope from his hack, and laid his s^ ~* w»ii»s III' ii earefnlly oa the eronnd. He S^ea^ bar fsos a* )ie did so, and he saw her — M.\aa»»»r. . 8be was oonring back to life. Jio7 lie «rst. time he realised his own '— uetWjga aiipeaaaee. His clothes were badly '^- torn, his jacket had been torn into strips, so that he might the more easily carry her. He felt the blood s»d the sweat Bickle down his face, while his fcaadfcecehief was tied across his forehead to cover the wound that had been made then. He was almost afraid for her to be i calmed to coaieioasnesB just dien ; the sight of him might frighten her. Still, better that she should open her eyes to the living than to the dead. He began to chafe her hands. ' Ton are getting better,' he said. She opened her eyes, and looked around her like one in a dream. ' Yon are getting better,' he repeated. 'When amir She said this like those who talk in their sleep. She was only half ?ouscioui of her existence. 'You met with an accident,*' he said. ft Don't yon remember ? You weot onder cround with your father and Captain Kent and the ground fell, while you escaped to the open'^lace at the end of the level.' She shuddered. 'I remember,' she said; 'Where's my btbiaf JjThope he is all right,' replied Merlin, yfiat I am trying to get you to the open air.' / 'But how did you get to us? Captain Kent said there could be no chance of being rescued for days, and then we had a difficulty in breathing, and then ? ' She Bhoddered ?? I heard of this level— heard that it led up close to the place where the ground fell in. That was how ? But I can tell yon another time.' ' But who are you ? There is blood on your face. Ton are wounded.' ' That iB nothing. My name is Merlin Bosevear. I passed you last Saturday even ing. Don't you remember ? It was not fax from Greekavose Gate.' ' Yes, I remember. But— but the cave in \- which we were entombed was blocked in on . every hand. How did you get to me !' ' Oh, that was easy. I had a pick and dug i-towards you. You see, I know the mine, . And no one but myself knows about this level 'but old Abraham Richards.' ** And how far is my father and the othera ,away from here V she a.ked anxiously. »? About a hundred fathoms.' \-- ^d how came I here ?' ? ' I— I carried you,' he said. .She looked at him in a way which he could mot understood1, and was silent. 'I will remoy* these stones,' he said, -' an* -fcaa we shall te able to get through Mhis holes after that we .afcajl soon get to the ropenair.' She did not speak, and Sterijn made the ujassags through which he had come some time before, saSdently Urge for her to gef through -with comnsratire ease. ?- I think yon ean get through now,' he — id ' Bat JB7 father!' she said anxiously. 'Eareairib^ww entering the plane where they are lying,' he said. ' I ttifnb they may have recovered by this.' ** But you will send help ?' ' As soon as ever you are oat.' 'Not before 2' 'Not unless I leave you here alone. I have no one to send. I came alone.' Again *the shuddered as if in fear. 44 Let us get oat quickly,' she said. ' I will go first,' he said. ** You can take my hand and I will help you through.' She grasped his hand eagerly, and a few minutes later they were in the level which ran in a nearly straight line to the open valley. ' There is not room for two of as to walk abreast,' he said. ' I will go first, and yon can follow me.' ' Let me hold fast to your hand.** she said. He held oat his hand, and then staggered alone the leveL ' How far is it to the end r she asked. 44 About a hundred fathoms,' he said. ' And how long will it take as to reach there ?' ahe asked. 'I do not know,' he mid. 'I — I am afraid I can do no more for you I ? I thinlr X am ill. ' He Btumbled heavily forward as he spoke, and in a moment more fell to the ground, hia head being supported by the side of the level against which he lay. 'Go straight on, and yon will find your way out,' he said faintly. ' Then go to the engine-ehaf t and tell — tell ? ' He said no more, for he became uncon scious. His overstrained nature at last gave way, and he was no longer able to do what he Y\\*A ventured so much to accomplish. For a time the young girl seemed too stanned to know what to do. Then she re membered that her only rn^*-'' of helping him and saving her father waa to find her way to the valley, as he had suggested. It was terrible to leave him alone in the darlmesa, and yet it was the only thing ahe could da She clasped his hands, ' but they lay perfectly limp. She took the candle in his hard 'hat -cap, *' and tried to examine the wound on his forehead, but she soon realised that she could do no good in this way. It seemed an ungracious thing to leave him there, but it might be long before he recovered and there was no other means of helping him ; ahe shuddered at the thought of find trig her way along the level alcne, but it was the way, not only to her own safety, but to that of others. From his waistcoat hong another candle, the last he bad. It was twisted and broken, butshe took it from turn, and in spite of her put terrible experiences lit it with a fairly steady hand. Tben holding the light in- her hand!, and with a strange yearning look towards Merlin, she groped along the level. At last her heart gave a great leap, for away in the front of her was light— the light of day. It was only a faint streak, bat it was different from the yellow light of the candle. With a cry of joy she hastened forward, and yet the cry ahe gave was half a sob, for her heart was sore at the thought of leaving her rescuer alone in the silence of the dark tunnel. Stall it was her only means of saving him. She could not help him by staying at his side. At least, so she thought. With many a fear, and with fast-beating heart, she straggled towards the light, and a few minutes later she crept out of the dark level into the light. It was now evening, and the brightness of day was fast departing, but to her, after more than five hours of dense darkness, it was glar ing. At first she looked around her, not realising where ahe was. The thought of her past experiences and her safety seemed to dfuy her. She felt fain* nnd dizzy too bat by a supreme effort of will she mastered herself. Then ahe bathed her forehead in the stream which ran close to where she stood, and after drinking of the cold water, she felt better. : No sooner, however, did her own strength begin to return to her, than she realised the ' peril of those she had left, and remembering i Merlin's words, she hurried towards the : engine-shaft. 1 As I said, the shades of evening were now gathering, and she hmi a difficulty in finding ? her way to the spot, where a group of people stOl remained, waiting for news from those 1 who had gone underground. ' It was a sorrowful gathering which stood by the engine-house, and not one of the sad-eyed. 1 watchers spoke aloud. They seemed afraid. « In subdued tones they talked one to another, 1 shaking their heads when they spoke of the 1 mission upon which, a dozen miners bad gone. I ' There ca'ant be no chance.7* said one. ' No ; 'Siah Truscott do zmy it'll take days i to git to 'em. Poor Betty Martin ! an* it'll be i a wisht Sunday for she when it do come. * Two of her booya and her ould man tooked - away in a minniL Aw, tes terrible 'ard.' I ' Iss,' replied another ; 'we moat all pray i for her. The Loard is the Father of the ? fatherless, and the 'asband of the widda.' i ' And ed'nt et terrible to that Squire Gran- i ville and the young laady Bhud V gone down i at sich a time. They cudden 'a' bin down lolled?' * DOar °r Ml °rC ^ W' ! ' Iss, and she did seem so pert and pleasant 'Tes a maid of some sort. Who can it 1 be?' | ' I)nnm»r I'm sure : but she's comin' frhfa way.*1 . . ' Aw, dear ! bat 'twill be awful whist to be ) 1-out here at nights now. Their spirits may , take to hauntio' the plaace.' i *' Look, thickey maid es comin' 'ere. Why I tes like that Miss Granville.' I , ' So tes— wby tes she !' I ? '? Bat it caan't be she— why she's— law ! it caan't be her spirit, can it !' For a minnte they were all held by one t belief that the visitor was not human, and & ' great fear crept into their hearts. - ' Tes she, tes she. Look, ahe've gat the ' ?tune -*lf»H.fff, only she ain't a got no 'at, and ( her hair es streaming down her back. She's - come back for some purpose, prap's to tell us somethin*, like Betsy Knight* s booy corned to hes mawther when he was drowned. Aw, 'ere*s *Siah Trnscott. Siah, you're a prayer laider — Bpaik to *er, my dear, spaik to her proper, my dear. She wa'ant hurt a prayer laider, and a man ov the Loard.' The young girl came up slowly, for her strength was now nearly gone. She was pale to the lips, and her eyes were whining with an unnatural light. She came close to the excited group, and then stopped. ' Help !** she said. 'In the naame of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, who;be you ?' said 'Slab Trnscott, solemnly. *' Help !' she repeated. 44 But who be you V* repeated the miner with trembling voice. 'I am Helen Granville,' she replied. ' Come and belp.** 'Doan't be lured away with a sperrit,' said an old woman who stood by. 'Be yon in the flesh or in the sperrit ?n asked 'Siah. To hi1** it was impossible that she should have escaped. There was, he thought, no other way that any one could come than by the engine-shaft, while she came from the valley ; and to the Comishman, reared in an atmosphere of superstition, this most be the spirit of the young giri, who was either the sport of Satan, or else come with a message from the dead. ' I've escaped,' she said, excitedly. ** A us and has helped me out. Bat he lies in the level anconscioas. Come and help. Bring stretchers and all may be saved. My father is there — oh ; do come quickly.' ' Bat how «iM *ee git out?' said *Sin-n Truscott, excitedly. ** There's no other way fhun by the ingin-shaft.** ' Yes, that young ma.fi knew of an old. leveL A man called Abraham Richards told ' Lev me feel yer hand, to be sure you be tellin' the truth,' said the old woman, Betsy Flew by name. The young girl held out her band-J^^ried piteoosly, ?? Don't wait; comeatdj^Hft ?'Her 'ands es warm and plnfig^peft), cried Betsy. ' The maid do tell the truth.' ** Hurrah !' cried some. ' Praise the Lord 1' said others more re ligiously inclined. ' I was wonderin' where Merlin was,' said 'diali, ' and now ? ' 'Come!' cried Helen Granville: 'don't wait.' 'Tell qb what you do knaw,' cried 'Siah, 41 and we'll come, bnt we do want to knaw what things to take.' Rapidly she told her story, and a few minutes later a shout of joy echoed through the evening air, while the men hurried to the valley, and Betsy* with tottering footsteps, went to the cottages to tell the story. * When they came to the level, 'Siah Trns cott, who became leader of the band, asked one of the men to take Helen Granville home, but she refused. ' No !' she said, ' I will go with you. See, [ am strong, and I want to get to my father.' No further resistance was made, and they entered the level. ' How far up did *ee laive M«?rli' then, mitre t' ?a.^ti one of the tws-n ** He said we were about a hundred fathoms Erom the month of the level,' ahe said, and again they toiled forward. ''I was just here,' the said presently, look ing around ; ' I know it was about here. I ryriwnber thifl i**aftlr-' Ifot^fr rn^Ti carried a candle, and ttiow the level was lit op brightly. ' Bat he edn' *ere now. miss.' 4* Here's fcjg ' h ft**-^0 p ? ' wniri another, *cand a candle. Where can ne be ?' 'Aw, and this 'es blood upon this stone too.' The young girl looked eagerly around, but nowhere coald Merlin Rosevear be seen. For a few seconds there was a silence, then 'Siah Tniscott said, 'He may be gone out. mates. Perhaps he got better sooner than the voung lady thought be would, and corned out by hisself.' ' But why ded's laive hes candle and hat cap ?' said another. ' Perhaps he've pone on to the place where the ground have failed in,' added a third ; ' perhaps he's thiokin' to help out the others. ' A great fear laid hold of Helen Granville's beart. ' We ought to have seen him if he came out,' she said, 'he mast have gone back to the place where the rest are. Perhaps he's trying to help my father. Come, let us go on.' She did not realise that she was doing a jtrange thing in beint» with these men alone in an old disused leveL The circumstances if the case drove away such thoughts ; neither lid she realise any fear. The thought of her father lying in the darkness, and the fact that ihe had been rescued from an awful peril by me whe had mysteriously disappeared drove Lway Buch a possibility. Her strength was sustained by a great excitement, and so she urged tbs miners on to action. They went on until they came to a heap of rubbish that bad taHen in the level, and again stopped. ' Listen,' she said, excitedly. Every miner stood still, scarcely daring to breathe, while from the croes-cut dose by there same a sound like a moan. Without thinking, she hurried towards the spot from whence the eoand came, and tben itarted back in fear, for Merlin Bosevear lay -n the ground, his head in a pool of his own jlood. ' He've a killed bisaelf, sure nough,' said Siah Trnscott; 'see the great gash in bis Tben Helen Granville's unnatural strength gave way, ahe felt as though streams of icy rater were passing through her veins instead if warm blood, the forms of the miners around ier became dim and ghostly. She heard a lound like the roaring of many waters in her sars, and then she remembered no more. When ehe woke to conccionfluesB she was lying in her own bed in her own room.- The morning sunlight streamed into the Amn- while the birds sang merrily on the tree* which enrronnded the house. For a time mie could not think coherently, ehe nad a confused memory of gloomy caverns, and strange path ways, but nothing was real to her. Presently, however, she remembered the past, bat even now it seemed to be rather a ghastly night mare through which she had passed than* reality. Still she knew it was more than a dream. The fact of her going with her father to the minp, and the descent into the shaft was real enough, it was the terrible ex periences which followed that seemed mo vague, but ehe knew they had taken place. The door of her room opened, and an old servant entered. ' My father, TT.nn-Lh f she said. 'It's all right, Miss Helen, he's home all safe and sound.' A great sob of relief escaped her, then— ' And that yonng man who found us, Hannah? Have yon heard about him?' 'The doctor came from hi*n about an hour ago. He's very ilL' ' But he will get better?' ' The doctor hopes so Miss Helen ; but he fears concussion of the brain, or brain fever. He has an awful wound in the head. Bnt you are better. You were coming around last night, joBt after you were brought home, bnt the doctor gave you some sleeping medicine, so that you might not wake until — ah, here's the doctor coming.' The village surgeon entered as die spoke. A little dapper man he was, one apparently of no particular skilL but evidently possessing a kind, too, and just the person an invalid might trust. 44 Ah, Miss Granville,' he «p»id, cheerfully, with the western accent peculiar to Cornish people, -'and bo you're awake at last ! Well, you are-all right, and cored of the desire to go undergrpnnd for a bit, eh? I don't think yonil do for a miner. I really don't,' 44 Getting on finely. Don't trouble a bit about him. All that were in the' cave will, I think, poll through, too. It was lucky Merlin Rosevear came so Boon, not a bit too Boon, though, from all I can bear.1' ' And how is he. Dr. Hawks ?' 'Doesn't my name fit me well?' he said, with a laugh. 'arVt I just Cke a bird of prey» eh V patting bis round gqod-hnmonred face, upon which in spite of himself a shadow of doubt rested. ' He's as well as can be expected. Miss Granville ; bat he mast have gone through aom&etrange; experiences, and he much blood, too ; but weTlpnll him through. I hope, so don't worry. He behaved like a hero, anyhow,' he added after a pause. 44 Yea, be saved as alL' *' He did, indeed ; bat if I were you, I would think no more about it. I've ordered a special breakfast for yon, and- ? ' ' Bat, doctor, yon think yonng Rosevear will live?' ' I hope so, I'll do my best. Wasn't it a lucky shot old Abraham Richards should have told him about the leveL That old man ?AsatfHi to know everything about mining. TT« was away all day yesterday, and didn't get home till late at Tiigiit^ ^nil he told me about the *»1lr he bad with. Merlin.0 'I do hope, oh, I do hope he will get better,' the said, in a husky voice. Dr. Hawke knew it wonldtw noose of jtell- ing her ag*'n not to thinfr nhont tne young man who had delivered her, her mind was now too fnii of the accident, so he talked as pleasantly about it as he could. ' He'e a fine fellow, is Roaevear,' he said, cheerfully, ' he's more brains than anyone in the psoHuh psiBon and doctor included. If he has a fair chance he*U make his mark in the world.' 4 ' He's a miner, is he not ?' ' He's the mine clerk, but won't remain in that position long. He has literary tastes, widely. I asked him to let me read one of his stories one day, and although it was crudely written, and sadly wanted touching np, it had a great deal of power. You must talk with him when be gets better. Miss Granville. He is rather proud, but hell be delighted for you to speak kindly to him. You ought to, too.' 'Oh he has literary ambitions?' she said, in a tone of interest. ' Yes ; I believe he kept it quiet as long as he coald, bat his mother told some woman about it, and then — well, you know what then,' and the little doctor laughed. ' But I must not talk too long with you, Miss Gran ville,' continued the little man ; ' your poise is beating far too fast, and your eyeB are shining far too brightly. There, your special breakfast is rj»m«ng| and mind yon take what I have ordered. Don't trouble about any thing, for really everything is going on all right. Good morning. I'll call again in the afternoon.' And he noiselessly left the room. Helen Granville did not obey the doctor's orders with regard to the breakfast. She was far too excited. Again and again the ?oand of the falling rocks and the cracking of timber rang uTner ears, while the cry of cfae mmeu as they rushed towards the cave waa *»«m*rff to think about. Still, «U was welL Through the bravery of one young man all had been saved; through him ahe was lying in her own comfortable bed, instead of entombed in the * mine. THE END. 