[?] Franklin's Jolly. By the Author of ' Tho Legend of, Lowood, '''.'Sylvia's Vow,' ?' The Mystery of the Mill,' &o.;, &e.; , CHAPTER III. Oh the threshold she tnrned to thank him 'and ? bid ? him' good-bye. The light from the swinging lamp overhead fell Ml upon her pale, fair face, ' whose yonthfal outline contracted so strangely with the iron grey hair and blne s'peota oles, a.nd he noticed how .white and soft, and i'phapelySwOTe the small hands be neath the prim white linen, cnffs. '^Youifh^ve ' -been ;,Vei'y good, Sir P&ilip.; I Really did not know -how helpless I was till yon came to assist me. Bat I shall ; be, quite comfortable now,, so I need not detain you. Thank yon again, and good-night.'. It was a point-blank dismissal, yet Philip JPranblin lingered, strangely charmed by the sweetness of her voice. He spoke the words that rose in his mind,1 not caring what he said so long as he detained, her for a little whjle. , ? » Do you know,' MisB Dare, I fancy yon did not tell me all the truth just : ' now.' His tone was light enough to have disarmed her fears, yet' she started, and but for the support of the closed door, against which she stpod, would have fallen. Her pale face grew deathlike in its absolute whiteness, and in the lamp light it showed in startling relief against the black oak behind. '';Inwhat way ?' aho faltered. ' I — - WhatNhave I said ?' , His suspicions took sudden life again; yet be pitied and hastened to reassure Tipr. ' You told me you had borne worse pain than this of your sprained ankle; Was not that pain mental rather than physical 7' ' Why should you think that ?' Isola exclaimed, with feverish gaiety. He Saw the effort the words cost her,; and knew she was overacting her part, i 'Can yon conceive no worse pain ? There is that of broken limbs, . remem ber' ' ' ? ' You are trilling with me,' - Sir Philip said, with a touch of sterness in his voice ; ' and perhaps I am to blame for it. I spoke in jest just now, Miss Dare, ibut this ;;is deadly earnest.' Her eyes' drooped beneath his, and would not, look into, his face. ' What is it yon have to say ?' she. asked, in a faint, husky voice. Her own heart beats deafened her. She 1 thought of herself at that moment as of a wretched creature standing in the dock, waiting: to hear the judge speak words that -were to giVe'-Her life or— death.; Your, face is the, face of a woman who has bad some great sorrow,', lie said more gently. ' My life confronts me with a great deal of guilt and suffering, and I have learnt to know tbe signs of both. You have been in great trouble — ybu are ,ia trouble still, and I want you to let me help you.' » You .''—she seemed to shrink from him, though slie was still leaning against the closed door. ' You do not know v ? what you say, Sir Philip. No one can help me now. '' Pardon ,,me ; but.that is exactly a romantic woman's ' iden. For every ill there is a remedy. If you will trust me, I shall of course treat your confidence as sacred, and you know,' he added, with a smiled 'counsel's opinion is always sup posed tor be worth having'' : ' You torture me,' Isola cried, her panting toice in contrast to his lighter tones. 'Don't speak to me of this again. It can never, never be.' ' But yon acknowledge you have some great trouble.' ,j ' Yes, that is true ; . but none can ' help me. I must bear my burden alone until I die.' ,l You will not trust me, then 7 ' Goaded beyond endurance, Bhe turned upon him, tyith a brave,, savage mover, ment. 'Ho— you least of all in the world. 1 would die, Sir Philip, before you should know my story.' ' You need not fear I shall ask for your confidence again, ' he said coldly, as he recoiled. ' I am sorry my friendly advances have been misunderstood. Good evening, .Miss Dare.' He turned on his heel and strode \- away. - Isola Dare stood watching him until his tall figure disappeared at the end of the iorridtir \ I then she, opened the ; door against' which' she stood, and slowly limped into the', room- beyond. For a ? little, ..while— perhaps five minutes— she remained very calm, and busy her self with it, But suddonly it slipped from her fingers. She folded her arms upon the table by her side, and, hiding her face on them, burst into a flood of tears; : ' ' : ' 1 : ? ' ? ' . ' ' Will my burden never end ? ' she moaned, speaking the words aloud in the madness of her misery, 'Burelylhad enough to bear before without this added sting ; yot what is Phillip Franklin to me, that his scorn and distrust should be the greatest of my pain 7 ' ,In the entrance hall Sir Phillip came face to face Vvitfi his moiher. ? ' 'I was looking for you, Phillip ! ' she exclaimed, in some vexation. ' Why will yodt leave Rosalie for so long 7 I hopqd [j to, see . you and she much to gether.' : ? ,'iC^I am ,, juB.t, returning to the drawing robtn, mother.' ' That is right ;..maUe yourself agree able to Rosalie while I am away ; I shall return in a few minutes. Mr. Dent has fa'len asleep over the Album ofVenotian photographs, so you will have no trouble in entertaining him.' M j;«iThat reminds me, mother. What could havo made you ask that man to dinner?' must be civil with bim ; re member we ore virtually in his power.' ; ' Civil, yes ; but there is no need to be friendly. To ask him to dine with us in this formal manner, and in bis deep mourning, too, is treating him as if ho were, our greatest friend.' ' I could think of no' one else to con veniently to make up the quartette. You need not complain, Philip, I was quite ready to take the task of entertaining Mr. Dent entirely on myself, to leave you free to devote yourself to Rosalie.' Lady Franklin pasBed on up the stair case, and Sir Philip crossed the hall to wards the drawing-room, thinking of his mother's words. In that moment he, un derstood her hopes arid ; wishes more clearly than even when she had spoken of them openly. Rosalie's 'fortune would save' the old 'home ; he had loved her onoe, and, she . loved bim still. What, then, should prevent his making her his wife ? ? , ; The drawing-room door was ajar, so ho opened it noiselessly, and then, ' half hidden by the folding sc.xeen within, he paused upon the threshold in astonish ment. There was a couch iu the centre of the. room, and Rosalie had seated her self on it. iust where the full light of a standard lamp fell. -He head was turned over her shonlder, so that he could see her face, and the look of terror frozen on it held him absolutely aghast. No woman suddenly confronted by a ghost risen from its grave ever, stared at the horror with more agonised eyes than Rosalie fixed on Harry Dent. The law yer bad evidently awoke from his nap. ; he was leaning over the: foot of the couch, bending towards her, one knee resting on the cushions. From where. Sir Philip stood he could see both faces, clearly ; Harvey Dent was smiling softly, with mockery and triumph, rather than mirth, in it, while Rosalie still sat motionless,. staring into his face with those wild,; stony eyesj ...from which all . ife and light and beauty bad fled. ' (To be Continued .) 