ARCHIE'S TROUBLE. ' You say London is a big place 2 call it very little. : I have found the world to be a little one and London is nob quite equal to that. Perhaps when you havo roatned about it as I have you may think the same. , Suppose, that on your first visit to Yoka- hama or Dunedin, the first man who greeted you as you walked into your hotel, was your old Neighbour Johnson, who bad the villa next to yours at home, or when walking into the news- room of the 11 Mstropole " at Naples, you found that the tbin man at the reading stand beside you was your old college chum Robinson, wouldn't you think that the world was not so ' very wide after all ? Alectings of the kind talco place daily. I am going to tell you of one of them, only this took place in London. One of our largest country buyers was expect ed in town, so it was arranged that I Should meet him. As he was an important man to us, it was ' decided that I should give a full day to him if necessary. Bo I went over curly to the brokers' in Mark-lane where he was to oall, and learned that it was uncertain when he would arrive as bo was known to have other businuss in the city and might transact it before coming there. 1 found that there was nothing for me but to wait about until ho arrived. At two o'clock ho had not come and bis brokers thought that as it had grown so late, he would probably not call until the following morning. So I decided to go to luoch and look in again after. Selecting oue of tho quiotent of the cafes in the Lane, I went in and ordered some light refreshment. Tho house was one of the newer class, a liberal use of plants and obner decora tive udjuuets, and a freedom from the heat and odours of the typical London restaurant causing it to be frequented by ladies. Beeiug a vacant chair at a small tnblo ucar tho end of the room I took my scut there and was soon enjoying a plersimt lunch. Making a survey of the surroundings, I noticed that tbreo of the four ladies who bad beon sitting at tho table next to mino, had riccn, leaving an exceedingly pretty girl of about 18 as my nearest neighbour. Her sido face was toward me und there was such an easy grace about her that ahe became an object of interest to me.Tho trim outlino of her well-cut jacket and tho neat hat of brown beaver gave evidence of a faultless taste in harmony with the swect-face of the wearer. I bad finished my lunch yob I. satstill, enjoying the delightful presence of tho girl near me. A waitress approached her to receive payment for tho refreshment shu had ordered. The girl's hand slid quietly into her pocket. I could see that she was feeling for hcrpurio. A lookofcon- scoroation camo over her faco. The purse was . evidently not tbero. Bho felt again. Her look becumo one of despair. Sho bit her lip and then seemed as if trying to recollect something. Turning her face, every lineament of which be- tokoned innocence, upon tho waitress, she said \- in a clear though slightly tremulous voice. "I have either lost my purse or come without it. I have no money at all. Whatever shall I do?" The waitress smiled dubiously. " lb will bo necessary to pay madamo. Havo you no money ? " she said, 44 None, I am absolutely without a penny afl' my purso is gone. Whatever shall I do ? " tho girl asked pitcously, looking round. Her full f«tco was now turned to mo. Her embarrassment was painful to behold. I was as certain that she was telling the truth as I was of my own existence. " What is tho amount ? " I whispered to the waitress. " Only a shilling, sir," was the answer. I handed the waitress a shilling, and taking out a card stepped across to tho girl. " I noticed your diUlculty," X said. "Your purse has most likely been stolen. I havo paid, and shall bo very happy if you allow tho matter ,to rest." "I cannot do that, sir," she said, colouring afresh. ' I will thnuk you for the loan of the monoy, but pleoso tell me wbcre I cau return it to." "z It is nob worth troubling about. I will, however, leavo you my card with pleasure," I said, thinking that 1 might hurt the girl's f eel ings if I refused to give her an address to which the money might be returned. I took out my pocket-book and handed her my curd and then rose to go. I saw that tho girl was struck by the uamo. A look of astonish iiient appeared on her face. Seeing that I was about to leavo the cafe, she rose abruptly nad stopped lightly after mo, " Excuse me, sir," sho said, timidly, 44 but will you tell mo wbother you havo a friend in Lon don named Carrutliors— Archie Carruthers ? " I was perplexed. Outsido of my own family circle there was just one mun in all London that I cared to regard as a friend, That man was Archio Carruthers of Chelsea. But how on earth had this girl struck the name ? " I certainly have a friend uf that name," 1 replied, looking straight into a pair of witch log, hazel oyes'. M I felt sure it must be you," she said, with returning confidence. 11 Arohio is always talk ing about you. He will bo so delighted when he learus you havo helped me out of this utupid diflloully," " Pruy tell mo' with whom I am conversing,' I said, my curiosity now being aroused. II My name is Gladys Munvillc," nbe replied in tones of silvery lightucss, her embarrassment having all passed away. Bhc was Archie's fiancee, This was tho girl he had so often cuthuscd over to me, aud to whom ho had promised mo an early introduction. M Lucky dog !" I thought, sh her countenanco was momentarily lit up with a smile of delicious 'sweetness. M I am truly happy, Miss Manvilla, over the good fortune which has euablod mo to meet you, and do you a small service," I said, agree ably. " Arohio will bo very grateful to you, as I am," she replied, extending her band. 44 1 am afraid, though," sho continued, "1 shall havo to make another claim upon your kindness. I havo come iuto town to see Archie, and as I have not my purse, I really have not what will ' carry mo to t'holsoa. If you will kindly lend ' mo sufficient to pay for a ticket to Bloano- square, I shall be so much obliged to you. I will ask Archio to return it to you. Perhaps you don't know that he is ill," sho added, a look of anxiety taking the place of the smile which had beamed upon me a moment before. I confessed my ignorance and asked her for particulars of my friend's nilmont. It fioshod across my mind that it was nearly a month since I had seen him, a quite unheard of period to pass without a visit from him. Miss Manville soomed to regret having made allusion to Arohio's indisposition. To my question and othors which followed, she gave replies which were confused and seemed evasive. One remark, however, which sho lob drop, fired my curiosity aud caused mo to detormiue to accompany her to.Cholsoa if I could arrange it, Her remark conveyed that Archie had worried himself ill over his M trouble at tho office." As I know that he was cashier to a oity firm of high standing, the remark made mo vory uneasy. It had a significance sho never dreamt of. Miss Manville seemed overjoyed when I sug gested accompanying her bo Chelsea. Explain ing that I could ouly do so if tho party I wished to soo wero not likely to arrivo, I persuaded her to walk with me to tho brokers' that I might ascertain. On arriving there a tolegram was 1 handed to me. It advised that Mr, Cuthbort- ! WD| our oustomer, had been unable to get to town, but that 'he would be effilark-lanoby'1 eleven on the following morning. , As I read the telegram and realised that I was free for tho day, I seomed to see something moro thin chance in Cutbbertson's non-arrival viewed in conjunction with the way ia vfhicb tho nows of Arcbie'B trouble bad reached mo, I bsw it to bo my clear duty to go to Chelsea without dolay. Telephoning to Cannon-street that CuthbcrtGon bad not come, and that 1 should probably not return to the office that night, as 1 had been uucxpoctedly summoned to visit a friend who ' was ill, 1 accompanied Miss Manville to tho station and booked for Bioone-square. At ten minutes to four wo were nahered into Archie's presonoo in tho sitting room of bis house in Manor-street, Chelsea. Though we had hern announced, I thought Archie would have fainted when be saw me walk iuto his room with Miss Manville. 1 learned that she had been quite unexpected, and as for myself, Archie would as soon have ex pected" the Czar of Russiu to break in upon him as mo. With a sby and uns&sy; air he rose to offer me bis hand. In a fow words I explained how I bad be come acquainted with Miss Manville, and found myself under the double obligation of accom panying her on hor journey across the city, she being his friend and alone under rather awk ward circumstances, and of paying him a visit to ascertain how be was. Archie smiled as I finished my narrative and tbauked cne profusely for wbnt I had done. 11 As you have been so good as to come to see what is the matter with me, I'll tell you tho whole story," ho said, settling back in an easy attitude, though his look still bstokcncda troubled mind. Tho story he told me was this. Three weeks before, to that very afternoon, be had made up at tho offioo, as was bis custom, his firm's amount of cash and paper for payment into tho firm's account at tho bank. Tho stun was £G70, among which were two notes of £100 each. Tho custom was for Arctic, cs cashier, to count the cash and check off all paper, to place tho whole in the cash big which be then locked and for the assistant cashior to proceed with the bag and key to the bank' and pay the amount in. On lhat particular afternoon, when tho cash was takcu from the bug at the bank, the two hundred-pound notes were missing. George Chiswcll, the assistant cashier, immediately notified the loss to the bank and hastened back to the office to inform Archie of it. Archie was dumbfounded. Almost tho Inst thing ho bad done before Chiiwell left for the bank was to check off the notes with some others and some bills. Though ho had implicit confidence in Cbiswell, the fact remained that ho had taken the bog bo tho bonk and had had posses sion of the key to it. To add to their con fusion a slip of paper which bad home the num ber of the missing notes had also disappeared so that there wero no means of stopping them. Archie was confident that he hud been the vic tim of a wcll luid plot ; the question was, who was the tkiof. He was satisfied that Chiswcll had not consciously been a party to it, but this conviction only deepened the mystery surround ing tho matter. The principals of the firm had boon immedi ately apprised of the dioappenranco of the notes and they had caused the officials of Scot land Yard to be informed without loss of timo. The caso hud been put into the hands of two of the most experienced detectives, but up to that time no clue to tho notes bad been obtained. From tho facts that they had disappeared from his own department, aud that until the matter were cleared up, suspicion would uaturally at tach to Cbiswell, Archie had mado bimtef ill by worrying over tho robbery. Ho had now been at home for four days, und it was cany to see the low state into which ho bad worked himself. ' Whnk is your theory of the affair ?" I askod wheu be had finished his story. " That some one in tho office took the notes. I feel confident of it, though I have not a ves tige of proof," be answered, bis eyes flashing excitodly. x » 44 Do you suspect anyone P" I asked again. " Woll, you know, it is a vory dolicato and serious matter," be 'answered, deliberately. 44 It is," I pursued, " all the more desirable that any reasonable suspicion should be fallowed up. Have you no suspicion of any one ?" " I have a vague and lurking association of a certain parly with the affair," said Archie, rising and pucing tho.room uneasily. " I can't dismiss him from my mind.. Night and day his face obtrudes itself, and yet 1 haven't the ghost of a shred of evidenco to connect him with it." " IVho is ho ?" 1 quoricd, my interest now being awakened. V " A clerk iu a good position, You would tako him to bo a principal by his manner. He's an awful lot of side 1 about him ; dresses immacu lately and talks glibly about city affairs ; just the kiud of mnn you'd expect to find dabbling iu stocks." 1 1 Uuti be have taken the paper ?" 44 That's just' tho point. Assuming that ho meant to take it, bo might bave.doue. He Is one of the clerks whose busiucos it is to confor with mc about charges and particulars iu state ments of ucoount. This brings him pretty fre quently into the cash-office. He hud beeu in it that afternoon, but I've nob henu able to oouncct any visit of his with the timo of the disappear ance of the notes, nor has Cbiswoil. In fact, I would dismiss him from memory only I can't." Archie could tell me nothing more about the mutter. It had made him ill. Learning of his illness, Miss Manville, his fianceet bud come from Forest Gate to see him. Sho had first gone into the city and had culled at the restaurant in Mark lano tor lunch. Archie pressed mo to stay to tea, but I declined. Thero wis still time to get back to Cannon- street before tho office closed! so I bado Miss Mauvilleand hirn"Qood afternoon," promising to run out to Cbolset again in a day or two. As I tiavelled to the city, I found my mind running most provokiagly upon Archie's mis- hup. I had a strange and vague premonition that in some unlooked for manner I should help him to clear up the mystery. I could not dis miss the thing from my mind. Most of the staff bad gono when I reached our house in Cannou-strcot, as it was tbcu half- past five. As I entered, our cashior, Fred Tbornhill, was leaving. It was past bis usual time as he had remained to make up some mail accounts, I made a practice ot informing Tbornhill of any luteresting cases of manipulation of cash or bills which camo to my knowledge, as a simplo matter of precaution, " Mr. ThurnhilL," I said, " 1 have just been hearing ft story that will interest you." "Oh!" he replied, smiling. "Is it some thing very good P " " Just come back for five minutes and I'll tell you all about it while it is fresh iu my mind," I said, leading the way to my private office. He sat down and I repeated tho story about Ihe loss of Arohio's two huudrcd-pound notes, Tbornhill listened with rapt attention. "Well, really, Mr. Oharlcs," he said, cagorly when I bad done, " you recall a eircumstauco that certainly had passed from my mind, though at the time it seemed so unusual that' I noted it. Aboat a fortnight ago a cheque came in for £200. It was tho unusual amouut, £200 in ono oveu sum, that took my attention, so I looked at the cheque. It had passed through two bands beforo it came to me, and I saw that the first indorsement woa by Crako and Derwent, tho stockbrokers. I concluded that it had boeu paid to thorn on account of some stock-dealing transaction. 1 romembor I wondering whether it was some Juggins they had got hold of who had porhaps realised / " — — tus savings and banded them over to be moA 7 ducks and drakes of." 7 - "What was the drawer's name P " I asked . "I can look it up if it is of any moment,1 v said Thornhill. "I jotted it down at the time.' , '" Do so, please ; thb morning will do," I safc with a feeling of quickened interest in tb 'i matter. I bade Thornhill " Good night," and ho ds >; parted for home. 1 bad noticed that Archie studiously rt , trained from mentioning tho name of the partv \ he suspected. I now wished I bad pressed bio ; for it. Something whispered to mo that/ o must obtain it. Sol sat down andwrototr Archie begging him to send mo the name of ttv.; person he suspected, by return of post. The) '- I wont homo. . T All the evening, and for the greater part 0! the night, Archie's case occupied my mind. If seemed to have becomo my . own individual affair and that 1 was bound to solve the mystery V for my own credit's sake. "This is the uame of the drawor of that. . cheque, Mr. Charles," said Thornhill, sr I walked into the cash department the next. ; morning. /, He banded mc a slip of paper with the word!;' "Lawrence Brand, Soptomber 26," written In ink upon it, I had not then ripened my letters, Going to the private office 1 found them arranged upon 1 my desk, Looking quickly through them, I , noticed ono with the Chelsea post-mark, f know . that was from Archie Carrathcriv Eagerly opening the cnvelopo I took out tho eiw closure and read i— Dear Charlie,-— Tho narao of the party 1 | alluded to is Lawrence Braud. Fob good. I < ness' sake, mind what you do, with the in j.v formation.— Yours sincerely, A 1 did mind. Within half-an-hour the deta < tives who had tho case in hand wero apprised of tho facts that wheroas, on September 24th two one-hundred-pauud uritea were stolen from the office of Messrs, Cantyre, Crcwdson, and Co., on September 26bb, n cbuquo for two hun< dred pounds was drawn upon a certain bank by oue Lawrence Brand, a clerk in tho employ munt of Messrs. Cnntyro, Crcwdson, and Co., . in fnvour of a well-known firm of stockbrokers. Before mid-day it had beeu ascertained that on September 25th two hundred-pound note/ . bad been paid to tho private account of Law rencn Brand at tho bank upon which the cheque was drawn. Yet even then there was no direct evidence that Brund had stolen the notes, t had no doubt of it, und tho dctcctiveB had none, and when the circumstances which had come to our knowledge were laid beforo Messrs. Can, tyre and Crewdson, thoy too, wero satisfied that Brand was the culprit The two principals accordingly sammoned Mr, Brand to their private office. Bidding him sit down, Mr. Crcwdson calmly Informed him that ; on September 24th thetwo notes of oue hundred pouudn each were stolon from Mr. Carruthers? desk or cash hag ; that on tho following day„ . ho, Mr. Lawrcnco Brand, had paid the said two notes into a private account in a certain bank, and that on the noxt day ho bad drawn a cheque for the samo amount on accouut of cer tain stock-dealing transactions. " We want to know why you sbolo those notes, aud what you havo to say for yourself ?" concluded Mr„ Crowdson, fixing a searching look upon Mr, Lawrence Brand. Tho oulprit was so utterly taken by surprise that he could make no iutelllgiblo reply. Charged with the theft in the face of tho knowtf facts, he could only imagine the case complete against him. He fell down upon his knees at Mr. Crewdson's feet whining for mercy, Archie Carruthers is now married. He and his wife are my two best friends outside of my own family circlo. I never meet Archfo without him roferriug in snmo way to what he calls my " miraculous introduction to Gladys." I oan'b persuado him that there wib nothing unusual/ about it ; that this world is a very little on ej and that such ovento come about quite in thuf regular order of things. j 