Trafalgar, Oct 21, 1805. (By a Member of the Navy League.) (See illustration on next page.) "England expects every man will do his duty. This was the signal hoisted on hoard H.M.S. Vic tory on the morning of October 21,.1805, and on that day of this year throughout the British pos sessions the Navy League propose «J national commémoration of the naval victoiy at Trafalgar, to remind the people of the great debt they owe to those who fought the battle for our national supremacy so many years ago. It was Nelson's great victory that definitely gave to Great Britain her supremacy on the seas, and insured that commercial prosperity which is the eavy of the world. -As is pointed out by the sec retary of the Navy League: "No such momentous issue as rested on the shill and courage of Nelson and those who fought under him on October 21, 1805, had occurred in the history of this country siince the Great Armada ot Spain was similarly dis persed over 2ÜÜ years previously. For ten years we had been struggling against a powerful corabi natiou directed by tho marvellous genius and energy of Napoleon. "The strain on the nation had been Intense, and the privation to all classes very great; but this great victory brought relief." "1805, October 21: About 1.15 Lord Nelson was wounded In the shoulder." So runs the brief but significant record contained in the log of the Vic tory. The wound which caused the death of one of England's greatest àdmirals was officially chronicled . in lass than a dozen words. We learn that Captain Hardy and Lord Nelson were walking together on the quarter deck, when suddenly the Admiral tattered and fell with his face on the boards. A musket badi from the mizen-top of the Redoubtable had passed downwards through his left epaulette and lodged in tho spine; the chaplain ran to him, but a ser geant and two sailora had already reached him, and lifted him off the deck covered with the blood that stained it. Hardy, who had not heard the noise of his fall, turned round, aaid, pale and more stricken than Nelson himself, exclaimed, "I haps you are not dangerously wounded, my Lord?" "They have done for me at lost, Hardy; my backbone is shot through." ' Lord Nelson was dressed in his old and somewhat threadbare uniform coat, with four stans of different orders stitched on the left breast; his armless right sleeve heing fastened to a front button. Had the French seaman or marine whose shot proved so fatal been anxious to kill the British Commander-in-Chief he would probably have aimed at Captain Hardy, who was far away the better- dressed officer of the two. Most likely the musket was pointed at random. The shot was fired from the mizen-top of the Re doubtable, and the two men stationed there did not remain long. One of them was soon afterwards killed in the top; the other, endeavoring to effect hhs escape from, aloft, was shot hy a midshipman, and fell dead from the rigging. The orlop deck, to which the wounded-including Lord Nelson-were carried, lies just below the water line. It was in the main a safe place, since the only danger incurred waa one which would affect the ship as a whole-such as fire or foundering. The sufferings of the wounded as they lay at the bottom of the ship, maddened by the stifling heat and thc noise of battle, and agonised by wounds which the skill of an overworked surgeon could but perfunc torily attend to, may be left to the imagination. Let us turn for a moment to the comparative, quiet of the orlop deck. To this haven he has been borne, along with the innumerable other salloro who have taken part in thc glorious tight. Tenderly they carried him down the companion ladder, and softly they laid him in the cockpit. Here he lies mortally wounded, surrounded by his faithful chaplain, by tho doctor, whose skill can do no more for him, and by Captain Hardy. The cockpit, in which the great sea king lies dying, is dimly lighted by a horn lantern, while a sailor standing by holds another lantern, the light of which falls upon the hero's face. Nelson has been stripped of his clothes, and lies partially cov ered with a sheet. Captain Hardy, whose pre sence was needed urgently on deck, knelt down and kissed Nelson's cheek, who said, "Now, I am satisfied; thank God, I have done my duty." Har dy left, and had not been long upon the quarter deck, when Nelson murmured the words, "God and my country," and passed quietly away, dying almost as the nineteenth ship of our prizes was in the act of hauling her colors down, and just as our last victorious cannon shots were booming out over the waters, as it were, in Nelson's passing knell. The "Times" of November 7, 1805, contains.'-a list of the killed and wounded at the Battle of Trafalgar, and says: "If ever there was a man who deserved to be praised, wept for, and honored hy his country, it ls Lord Nelson." On the morning of October 19, 1805, the com bined fleets of France and Spain, lying In Cadiz Harbor, began to get under weigh. At half-past 9 a.m. a signal was made that the enemy's fleet was coming out of port. At 3 p.m. Nelson re ceived the long-wished-for intelligence that they were at sea. Rejoicing at the near approach of that moment he had so ardently awaited, Nelson then penned the following letter. . It was found upon his desk, together with one addressed to his daughter. . '.'Victory, October 19, 1805. "Noon, Cadiz, E.S.E., 16 leagues. "My dearest beloved Emma, the dear friend " of my bosom,-The signal has been made that tho enemy's combined fleet are coming out or port. ; We have very little wind, so that I have no hopes v of seeing them before to- morrow. May the God of Battles crown my endeavors with success. At all events, I will take care that my name shall ever he most dear to you and Horatia, both of whom I love as much as my own life, and, as my last writing before the battle will he to you, so I hope in God that I shall live to finish- my letter after the battle. May "Heaven bless you, prays your Nelson." . "Bronte, October. 20. "In the morning we were close to the mouth of the . . . but the wind, had not come far enough to the westward to allow "the combined fleets to weather the shoals off Trafalgar, but they were counted as far as forty sall of ships of war, which I supposé to be thirty-four of the line and six frigates. A group of them was seen off the light house of Cadiz this morning, but it blows so very fresh I think they will go into the harbor before night. May God Almighty give iis success over theBe follows and enable us to get a peace. .. . ;" This letter was found open on his desk, and brought to Lady Hamilton by Captain Hardy. "Was it, think you," askB Lowell, "of a tiny crooked outline on the map, of so many square miles of earth, that Nelson was thinking when he dictated what are perhaps the most inspiring words ever uttered by an Englishman to English men? Surely it was something in woman's shape that rose before him with all the potent charm of noble impulsion that is hers.". After the battle the Victory returned home, bringing with her all that was left of her dead hero to be transhipped to the Sheerness Commis sioner's yacht off Margate Sand, and conveyed thence to Greenwich Hospital to lie in State, pre vious to passing on its way up the Thames to Whitehall, and to Nelson's last resting place down in the crypt of St. Paul's Cathedral. Tho Victory was commissioned again in 1808 until 1812, when she was finally paid off at Ports mouth. At Portsmouth she luis remained ever since; from 1825 to 1869, except for brief intervals, she has been flagship to the Commander- in-Chief. To this honorable position she has again been as signed, and the Victory to-day on the active list files at her mast head the same red cross on a white field under which Hawkins and Blake fought; under which Myngs fell, and Balchen per ished; under which the greatest seaman of them all-our national hero, Lord Nelson-received his death wound in the greatest sea battle of all time. I-Í.M.S. Victory of the present day was laid down in Chatham Dockyard in 1759, and on the morn ing of May 7, 17G5, the completed Victory was sent afloat into tho Medway from Chatham Dockyard. She was the largest man-of-war ever built for tho Royal Navy so far. Her first active service com menced on March 12, 1778, when commissioned by Captain Sir J. Lindsay for the flag of Admiral tho Hon. Augustus Keppel. We will contrast the two great V's.-the Victory and tho ill-fated Victoria, lost a few years ago in the Mediterranean. The Victory was a three docker, extreme length 226ft, beam 52ft, with a displacement of 3500 tons, old measurement 2164 tons; armament 102 guns, consisting of 30 32- . pounders, 30 24-pounders, 40 12-pounders, and two 6S-pounder carronades, and a complement of 900 men. With the exception of a few small brass guns, the guns were mere blocks of cast iron, the sole machining to which they were subjected con sisting in the formation of the bore and the drill ing of the vent. A large proportion of nearly every . armament consisted of carronades-a piece which was in those days in great favor. They threw a shot of large diameter from a light gun with a low charge, and their popularity was chiefly due to the rapidity with which they could be worked. But as tho great object of every English commander was, if it were possible, to bring, his ship alongside that of the enemy, the low velocity given by the carronades became of comparatively small mo ment; while the ease of working and the largo diameter of the shot were factors of the first im portance. The Victoria was 340ft long and 70ft beam, displacement 10,500 tons; speed, 17% knots. The heaviest gun on the.Victory was a little over 3 tons; while that on- the Victoria was 110 tons. The largest charge used by Victory, 101b ; Victoria, close on 10001b; heaviest shot on Victory 681b, Vic toria 18001b. The weight discharged by a broad side of the Victory 11601b, from that of the Vic toria 47501b. The amount of powder consumed by CL broadside of the Victory 3551b, Victoria 31201b. The cost of the Victory under £100,000, the Vic aria nearly £1,000,000. A shell from the 110-ton 8i*\ has penetrated a wall of 44ft 4in thick, built °¿ '¿tín compound armor, 8in of wrought iron, 20ft of oakv^ullcB Bft of granite, lift of granite, and 6ft of bri,ks. The VlctoA, had the character of being the best sailing three-Uco.iter jn the fleet, and was invaria bly chosen as ilaeship by every officer who had the opportunity, 'ihe art of naval construction was at a very low ebb la Englamd when the Vic tory was built. Tho winde of our ship« of war were much inferior to thoso of France, Spain, and America in speed and manoeuvring power. To tura 'to the present day, af ter tëhe naval man oeuvres in August last, the Queen reviewed the fleet. The "Ti.mes" says: "The ships under Lord Waiter Kerr's command reached Splthead which then witnessed one of the most splendid .naval spectacles of modern times. Twenty eight ships, exclusive al twenty destroyers which ¡had anchored previously;, passed through Spit head, steaming towards Cowes dn single line, and fired a Royal salute as the flagship deading the .line cairne abreast oí Osborne. No mo dern fleet comparable in size and strength to the present Channel Fleet had ever previously been seen in gala pro cession at Splthead, and nothing could be more im pressive than this long line of ships, extending as it seemed almost to infinity, preserving accur ate precision of station, and yet flexible «nd completely under control. At 3 o'clock the ships were manned and a Royal salute fired from every «hip in the line. By an accidental .but curiously impressive coincidence. Nelson's old flagship the Foudroyant was being towed at the time towards Cowes, and was passed at .no great 'distance toy the Majectic shortly after the (Royal salute was fired. No greater con trast could be imagined, and perhaps never in the .w-hole history of the British navy will the 'like of it be seen again. It was as if the ghost of the (past had risen to survey the .present and ac knowledge a majesty and splendor so, different in appearance and yet so 'identical in reality with its own. Her Majesty the Queen was seated on the quarter-deck of the yacht Alberta, and scan ned 'the appearance of the flagship Majestic very closely. She cannot but have been gratified by the splendid spectacle she presented at the head of a fleet not il ess magnificent in appearance. Li Hung Chang also had an opportunity of viewing this magnificent fleet, passing through the lines on iliis way to visit the Queen at Osborne, the Victory and the fleet saluting him with nineteen guns." On this anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar the Navy League is organising throughout the United Kingdom a 'National commemoration of this great event. The great object of the Navy League apparently is to rouse the British peo ple to an appreciation of the national impor tance of the great 'fight of October 21, 1805. IFor a number of years the (British flag has been the emblem of peace, serenity, 'and wealth. The in sular position of 'Great Britain demands a strong navy. Indeed our people and their possessions almost entirely depend oipon it. Without well manned ships the British flag would cease to be respected dn foreign countries. ' 'Landsmen wino repose tut borne- at ease ought to know (how, to value a strong navy. Naval au thorities tell us that the British 'Navy is just about equaiï to power to (France and Russia combined, .'bût-it must he evident that it is iBnglaoid's poli cy to igo a step farther. Lord 'Charles (Beres ford and imany other Englishmen are Strongly ad-i vócatlng such measures as will ensure our iin doubted supremacy at sea iby increasing the num ber of ships, and provtadlng an adequate Naval (Reserve. Our reserves are given as '25,000, while, France, Russia, and italy can claim upwards of 100,000 each. There eau be no more fitting occa sion than the anniversary to invite attention tc- the importance of our Navy. We in the colonies aie apt to disregard tile disas trous results that would arise should on enemy suc cessfully avoid the watchful eye of our protecting squadrons-or from insufficient strength to withstand ah attack from a more powerful opponent. We can rest assured that the Admiralty are best capable of disposing of the fleets; but the people must give every support to a Legislature who will maintain that the Navy must 'be England's first lire of de fence. Interference by Colonial Parliaments with matters affecting the disposal of ships of the fleet must be somewhat embarrassing. Mr. Goschen stated in Parliament last month that efforts were being made which, accordée to their present information, carried them step "^PuilT" ther in supremacy as compared with any other tv Powers. Other nations had to depend on other ni; tions for their naval armaments, while Great Britai produced her own. This gives ua on enormous a< vantage. In the sixties there were only three fleel of importance in Europe, whereas there tub now at least six countries who can com mand strong naval forces. All the great Pow ers, are actually engaged increasing their navies by ships of all classes-from battleships to iorpedo destroyers, the latter having a speed of 'J-í¥¿ mil®3 an hour-Mr. Goschen offers assurance« that all is well; but he relies on tho House of Commons to sup port such measures as the Admiralty bring f-0T^1^' An official return is shortly to bö''PUDll6aei* c paring the naval strength of the Pcteg*- \, the commémoration of the 21at be tüeNS}" Z arousing the enthusiasm of the nation to suc^äefen that the public interest in our first line of is revived, the object of the Navy League wiimm been partially attained. y * * * * * r . "It is on the Navy, under the good- ProvidauftSX*.. God, that our wealth, proeparity, and peace depend." "VICTORY." Tho Victory. 1 (See letterpress on thia page.) éf$0" 