amusements. THE DRAMA, &C.; For dramatic, no less than three-volumed novel purposes, we are inclined to bolievo that tho sex problem has been pretty well plaj ed out." Beyond all cavil, the performance of Tho Notorious Mrs. Ebh.mith ka. been a grand artistic triumph, but in a pcouniory sense tho result has not been sb satisfactory a. might hovo been anticipated. J»o seegu educational influence upon tho minds, especially of the young, rnoic powerful and pcrmanon than tho pulpit, and to rail at tlio marriage ina i- tution after the fashion of Mrs. hbbsmilli is not calculated to induco rovorenco fora piinoiplo that lies at the very foundations of society. This reflection can alone explain why many of the usual playgoers. have. been conspicuous by their ahsenco during the fortnights run of Pinero's ronisrkabtc drama. It la not only a work of pio-ominout intellectuality, of profound philosophy of a kind. It is distinctly designed to serve a good pnrposo ; but the euporfioinl observer end thinker catches oanly at the heterodox and pcmicioiu theories onunciRted, while tho object aimed at, howoter excellent, is general! f tob' tcnioto for oidinary compfclioiislohi "" Thc -fi'aft i qf tho herolno coi/id not iiavc been entrusted tq better hands. S I r ."Br o u g (/ b f' 1 7; ' 0 jcHiIfer a charaoter ofVartling'or'iRinofity anrt/MMrftrlcity exceed-' iiigljr' 'attractive, ..softefimdown tho severe an.tcntiii'bf tlm' flr-d fictf of tho paisiouato vehemenceoTthefscond and part of tha third, and covering tho inoongruity ond contradictori- noss of tho fourth. Mrs. Iiroiigh makes airs. Ebbsinith r. lady of intellect and refinement. It is difficult to understand how from the un compromising materials derived from her ante cedents she could be so, having regard to her own narration of her parents' home and tier husband's treatment, not to mention her early associates ond tho appellations by which she was known ; yet to ropt eaant her other than a lady would have robbed the play of ito principal obarm end caused it to lose much, if not ail, of its contro versial significance. Certainly if Mrs. Brough hod not ployed Tlio Notorious Mrs. Ebbsinith, her friends and the public could not bavo given her the prido of place in her profession which they now acknowledge she lUseives as a highly gifted artist in tho veiy highoit rank of the drama. This (Saturday) craning n new comedy, en titled Tha l'n.sport, will bs produced at tlio Princess's Theatre. The piece had n good run in Sydney, and is described as very entertain ing. It is portly a stage adaptation of an American novel, entitled ily Official Wife ,' by Colonel Savsgo. Mr. Dan Barry never does things by halves, and having undertaken to produce that great moral drama, Tvn Nights iu n Bar Room, at the Alexandra Theatre, he threatens to cmbaik' iu a new stylo of rovival. Wo have seen many moral wrsoks on tlio stage, gamblers, drunkards, rmuSs and similar bad lots; we havo witncsied any number of representations, Coupeau in L'Asaoinmuir by Mr. Charles Warner ; but as Joe Mnrgau, the awful example in Ten Nights, Mr. Augustus Glover accomplishes more than tho ghost of Hamlet's ftthcr could have attempted iu the direction of terrifying his audience. Tho diiulc demon, how ever, is not permitted to monupoltso all the stage business. Fortunately a slight mitiga tion of horrors la allowed at intervals, and during one of these, with a touch of artistic delicacy, wo are favored with what admits of a quotation from remarks attributed to Bishop Moorliouse, namely, " What sweater than tho strain of ohildren's voices in songs of sacred praise." When Artemus Ward was apprshon- aive of his meaning being misunderstood, lie generally added a footnote, "This ia sarkastio." We would suggest that Mr. Barry might with advantage iu making liis religio-tcmpoiance an- nouuesments add an explanatory note, " This ia serious," lost the public should fall into the error of taking it in an opposite light. Mr. Rickards's company at the Opera Houao continue to draw immense houses. The excel lence of his artists and the attraottvo style of the programme merit all tha success be has achieved. He has dona mucli to raise the music hall taste of hia patrons, nud notably there is a studious avoidance of anything approaching indclioate aitggestironess. For whioh relief all deeent'peoplo willrny, "much thanks." Misslvy Scott, who was engaged iu Djin Djin panto- mime, lins be-on added to the company, and may he considered a valuable acquisition, and Mr. Godfroy in hid dramatio musical skotohes ia a host iu himself. Altogether the entertainment at the Opera House is not only unobjectionable, but is really plcasiug and Interesting. The Trilby Company under engagement to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrovo will nrrivo in Sydney from San Francisco about the 24th March, and will open at tho Princess's in Mel- bourne on tho 4th April, The Theatre Royal will be re-opened this (Saturday) evening,, B entitled The Land of the Mm J'SH formed for the first time in Melb„ ptcco haa. been, played with much rt| Nqw Zealand, Sydney and Brisbane '" < H Professor Kennedy', venture in >L » ; H lias not provcd.a very brilliant mt-i, H Dunedin was ooncerned. On the '"tt'H turned out a diatinot frost. ""'"I,! H Mr. Hi B. Conway, n wrll.u.. . B actor, haa arrived in Melbourne i,s!i 'H engaged for utility and juvenile Messrs. Williamson aud Musgroio fr ,tU fl peotcd to get into harness on tho arrlwi ! I Trilby Company. I Hi B Mr. Alexander Msyne, known as t),0 n . B business manager of Messrs. Broiteh ansT1' H oault, ia etill associated with noting in that capacity during the m. ' I"1" | son at tbo Princess's Theatre. 1 1 Anqthor ' nophow of W. S. Lester lil-.m I George Musgrovo, is coming t0 ti,„ i 1 namely, Mr. Dixon, who is tre,,a | Mr. Daw Barry's Company. Ui, ££ I has been found of special vatuo in the Viii B of the Alexandra. I 