AN EASTER HOMILY. DOUBTING THOMAS. And now that Jesus had gone away, what will become of Thomas ? what ol his faith ? It is significant thac ThomB was not with the other disciples when, on the evining of his resurrection-day, our Lord visited them. He had gone alone, if not to weep, to brood and sigh. Some of the disciples in the hour of their sorrow would prefer each other s society ; they would find a little strength, perhaps even a little comfort, in such com panionship. But Thomas, melancholy man, must go alone. He is a man whose heart has chosen the end it would have; but bis mind is now convinced that there is no way to it. ' He said He waB the way,' the Lord Jesus did — ' the way, the truth, and the life,' says this desponding disciple to himself : 'and He was the truth — yes, He was the truth ; but, alap, not the life ; and as a way, what end has He reached ? the grave, only the gravel' And here poor Thomas sighs verv deeply. Not into his thoughts will it enter, to go and see the grave, see whether perhaps Jesus may have risen. So it is that a disposition whioh leads us to depend too much on sensible evidence, may deprive us of that spirit of enterprise by which we may attain such evidence. Had Thomas gone to the sepul chre, Jesus might have Bhewn Himself to such a ' seeker,' as He did to Mary Mag dalene. But Thomas sat still, hoping nothing, but grieving much. And if, as is possible, Philip, or one of the rest, found him that day, and cried, 'The Lord is risen ! ' he perhaps only shook his head and felt sure his friends were deceived. If they had indeed seen His ' spirit,' Thomas had almost rather not seen His spirit'. He had thought Israel had at last 'gotten a man from the Lord,' a strong true man : of what avail would a spectre be ? what could a ' spirit ' do ? Thomas had rather not see the 'spirit,' if indeed they . really had seen it ; it would make him think all the more sadly of the real, lost, Man. So, when the diBciples met that happy evening, .Thomas was not with them. And yet that evening, while the disciples were assembled in fear, the Lord Himself visited them and spake peace. Not even the joy ful certainty, of at leaBt some among them, that their Master was no longer in the grave could quite free their hearts from trouble. But He who cheered them when the shadow of the great coming sorrow was darkening, cheered them yet more fully now that the Borrow had passed away. The still lingering shadows of doubt and distress vanished when He, not only entered and said, ' Peace be with you,' but shewed them His hands and His side, and, breath ing on them, said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' ' We have seen the Lord! ' said they to Thomas when they met with the sad un believing man. Perhaps he only Bhook hiB head. ' We have indeed seen Him ! ' said they. ' Did He shew you His hands and His side ? was it. really He ? how could it be ? 'Yes; He shewed us His hands and His side.' What an impressive and suf ficient proof had the Apostle missed Beeing ! Vexation and self-reproach together made him, however, say what it fnust afterwards have grieved him to have said, 'Ah, but unless I put my finger into the print of the na/ils, a/nd thrust my ha/nds into His side, I will not believe.' He who by his own fault fails to get the evidence he might have had, asks for more than there is any need of! He missed obtaining what was enough i and so he asks more than enough ! .' Oh, Thomas J ' we say ; and that is per haps all his brethren could say. They were displeased, even offended. Why Bhould he distrust their testimony ; — why indeed ! However, Jesus had so recently breathed into them the Bpirit of forgiveness that they would not be severe with their friend. Besides, as there were some who at first believed not for joy, so here was one, they felt, who believed not for sorrow. They knew his heart was true, though his faith was small. So they took care that Thomas should be with them that same day the following week ; for Jesus might visit them again. He did visit them again. And, at onoe, the Lord offered to Thomas the very proof he desired. The distrustful man, who would not credit the united testimony of hiB brethen, nor even trust his own eyes without his finger had to vouch for them, was permitted to have all he asked for. And now faith filled his heart as with a rush, and brimmed over in memorable exclamation, 'My Lord and my God!' As if he had said, ' Yes ; as Thou didst tell me, Thou art the way : as Thou didst tell Philip, Thou dost shew us the Father. My Lord,— guide me by Thy counsel on the way of life. My God, — receive me into Thy glory when my course is done.' Thomas feels as one who, if the signs be but shewn him that can make him believe at all, can then believe everything that is to be believed. If once, in a matter so greatj he can believe anything, he can believe everything. If his Lord really has has come back to him, He is no longer 'Lord' only; in Him he sees the Father, and can say, ' My God,' also. — Rev. T. T. Lynch, 