. andenong Minstrels Both as regards the attendance and rnsncisl result, the peirfoirmanlce given in the Dandenong town 'hall' by'. the lol minstred troupe on Wednesday oight was highly successful. The net igoeeds will go to, the 'Dandenong PreB sBand, a most deserving institu. ? ad Worthy ? of cordial support. But the Ethiopian .entertainment, as it st euphemistically termed, taken col lectivcly, was disappointing, and signs were not wanting of insufficient ::res •bersal. The corner men were not in g".sathy and, naturally, this parts bf the entertainment, which .is usually dended on to provide a'large propor. donof mirth in anecdotal and colloquial iot?m was a failure, and the want of definite arrngement in regard to the lhorus singing also led to an'unfortun dt cO5TS5ETSMPs. The introduction of orchestral accompaniment was a cat success, and the members are to congratulated on their meritorious rformance. The troupe comprised -e following :-Messrs Beaumont, J. Abbott, V., H.;' and G.. Griffin,: R. jcLean, with Mr P. .Griffin as inter. locator, Mr E.' Keighery" (tambo) and )lr Warren (bones). The members of he orchestra pre ddecidedly'entitledd to gae their names chronicled; and' iw? ie them;:--Mrs Dr Moore '(pi~oi); t DeVoy (violin), Mr' J:. Hooper double bass), Mr J.., Dunu (cornet)i ad Mr J. Hart' (trombone). The first number was the openi?g chorus Shine, shine, moon, 'an. item eard in Dandenong op. the occasion of revious minstrel shows. It.was very eill rendered.. 3r Beaumont: next re "OnJly to see hter face again,". ii ehich he was decidedly successful. Ie is an acquisition to the vocalists of thetown. Mr E. Keighery was 'i.n ,ounced to sing" I ain't a-goin to tell." long with which Will Orackles gained notoriety at the Opera House, Mel boirne, The local " tlmbo," however, did not follow the original words of the song, neither the spirit of its: name, tor, with a jingling rhyme he DID tell of local deeds-no.texactly what might he termed '.deeds that ,won the empire." The audience were ,convulsed with hughter, acnd several ,nore verses were added to the first.effort, this number eing the hit of the ;evening. Mr lerald Griffin sang : Genevieve," an old favorite. The efect of. the 'song qs greatly sparred by "want of un animity in regard to the chorus, but t~e fault could not be attributed to the 1loist, who sang very sweetly indeed. g r Warren gave "The Alabama coon," Eut unsuccessfully. The chorus in'this cumher, in contradistinction to the preyious one, was theredeeming feature' )lr,. Abbott rendered "The old Ken tuqay home" correctly, and deserved th applause accorded him. Mr H. Grin's selection was "Only a picture," ,very pleasing item, the singer being in .god voice. Mr R. McLean was ro!l received by the audience, and ang !' The old Jog cabin.iu the.htiae,'" being encored. The first part of the programme concluded with the. recital to a ghost story by the. interlocutor. In this "ttmobo" appeared greatly terrified, but before the curtain rang down le was observed to comp'on and bravely, grapple with "the +spectre; a socewhat mysterious proceedin'g. Mr Jleig ery was an easy first as regards the corner mena, but- there was a timititble want of enlergy¥ in: this directionj. Afie . an' interval' the Dandenong Blrs .IBand .played, an overture; I"Zingari ".tointroduce the second part .of the programme, which was curtailed byexcising a step dance (Mr Keighery), .club swinging (f r J. McDonald), and 1 a comic recitation (Mr' W, 'Hooper). For the balance. of the evening the I audience were entertained with a farce, prduced by merbers of the Malvern I Amategr Dramatic -Club, entitled I )'That rascal Pat." .. The. characters were allotted as follows;-Pat MoNog. I gerty, Mr H. H. Newton; Major PUf aicket, Mr T. Q. Newton Charles I Livingstone, Mr F.' . Newton; Laura, Miae Ripon ; Nancy, Miss Despard. I Thebcene of the piece is laid at'sa sea- I ide hotel. Pat'is a servant employed Slivingstone, who is in' love with p MajorPuff.Jacket's niece. Pat I ,dm eters the employ of. the Major I (who objects to the match), and in, his ,nal capacity, finds it awkward to 'erv two masters.' The. situation I rising fronom at's predicaient heartily mus?ed the audience, and the perfor? I tern acted'iq first-class ty)e..' L ,. I 