HOW TO REACH THE MASSES. " Mont Blong," writing in the Clarion on the May meetings, says:—" The Rev. New man Hall, speaking on--the subject of how to reach the masses, said he thought ' it would be a great advantage if young people were instructed less in the discoveries of genius, or the performance of rhetoric, and more in the meaning of the Holy Ghost! The great aim of the preacher should be the salvation of the souls of men.' This didn't seem very hopeful, and so I tried the Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D., and the Rev. Guinness Rogers, D.D. But nothing came of'them either. The Rev. Joseph was very severe on the Agnostics—who are some kind of unbelievers, though I don't know exactly of what color— and said, ' They are not having any May meetings, for they (the Agnostics) care nothing for mankind.' And the Rev. Joseph also thinks Hyde Park demonstrations will never have any eifect until founded upon true religion, and 'that when man loved God, lie would soon learn to love liis brethren.' While the Rev. Guinness men tioned that it was because he ' had a dream of a united world under the sway of Christ' that he was there that night, and he called upon them all to help in sending missions to the heathen ! Hum ! Learning ' to under stand the Holy Ghost' may be all right; but are you likely to get that understanding in a sweater's workroom? Then the Rev. Guinness' dream of a united world under the sway of Christ is very nice, of course, though I suppose it isn't expected to commence on this side of the grave. Which is a drawback. And then, again, missions to the heathen will be good business, if some of the missionaries are sent to the wealthy heathens who attend i1.ie Christian Churches. I don't want to find fault with anyone's religious convictions; but at the same time, if these Rev. D.D.s have nothing better to offer than the empty platitudes of the pulpit, I don't think much of them. They may be very good Christii«BS». of course ; but they don't seem to bear much resemblance to the Founder of Christianity. 