I CHAPTER XXXIV. VISITORS FROM ROUE. It vm one of these even'&gi; whloh, to any one acquainted. only witi enr English olimate, aeemi like a foretaste of paradise, I sat before a tiny marble table at one of the open-air cafes at the lead of the Marina, listening idly to the mode of the band only a few yards off, and gazing over the peaoeful, glistening sea which atrotohed away in front. There were many people passing baokwarde and forwards, but my thoughts were far away, and I teok notioe of nene of them. With my head resting upon my arm, and my arm upon the low balustrade, I had fallen into a semi-somnolent slumber of thought, and the faces of the people who lounged by chattering and laughing I saw only as figures in a dream. My cigarette even had burned out between my lipe, and the ooffae which stood by my side I had not tasted; The roadway was completely blooked with the carriages of the Palermitan nobility and elite, and the promenade was thronged with a heterogenous stream of fishermen and natives and visitors. All Palermo flooks on to the Marina at nightfall—as who would not!—to hear the band and breathe In the freshness of the sea, and with other objeots very similar to those whioh attract promen aders on the esplanades of English watering places at a similar honr. Often 1 had amused myself by watohlng them, and looking oat for English visitors; but to night, early in the evening, I had seen a Sicilian countess who reminded me slightly of Maud, and my thoughts had flashed baok te Devereux, and remained there, heedless of my efforts to recall them, heverlng around one fair face, whioh sometimes I feared was mere to me than anything elee in the world. What should reoill them bat the glad, amazed greeting of an English veioe 1 I sprang to my feet, and before me, her faoe radiant with pleasure, and her littli; hand stretohed out eagerly, atocd Lady Olive. 11 Of all the strange meetings I ever heard of, Mr Arbnthnot, this is the meat extra ordinary 1 ” she ezolaimed, “ It quite takes my breath away 1 ” I held her hand in mine forgetfnl of what I was doing—amazed and admiring. ^ A warm elimate evidently suited Lady Olive, for I had never seen her look so charming as she did then in her airy mnelin dress whioh floated gracefully arennd her slight figure, with a great bnnoh of light-oelored violets in the bosom cf her gown, and with a deoided tinge of colour and delighted sparkle in her eyes. “ Mr Arbnthnot, am I a ghost that yon look at me so without speaking ? And yon really must let go my hand, please,” I dropped it at onoe. “ Lady Olive,” I ezolaimed, “I never met any one whom I was se pleased to see! Whatever stroke of good fortune brought yon to Sloily ! ” “This,” she laughed, laying her arm within that of the tall, bearded gentleman who stood wondering at her side, “Papa, this is Mr Arbnthnot. Mr Arbnthnot, my father, Lord Parkhnrst.” He held ont his hand oordially. “Very glad to meet yon, Mr Arbnthnot. I have heard my daughter speak of you We were mooting up the orowdod pro menade, and so we all three turned and walked leisurely along amongst the otherB. In a (ew minutes 1 had heard that Lord Parkhurat had brought his daughter and some other friends here Irom Home in his yaoht, and they were uncertain as te their ■tay. And in return I had told them that I was living with my father for a while olose to Palermo. Presently we oame up with the remainder ef the party, and Lord Parkhurst, leaving his daughter in my charge, j lined them. A tall, good-humoured-looking boy strolled np to us, looking at me questioningly. Indy Olive introduced me to her brother, who came over to my side, and seemed disposed to stay with ns. “Now, we’re not going to have you, Frank,” Lady Olive deolared, laughing, Mr Arbuthnot and I are old friends, and we have a lot to talk about. Go and take care of CisBy, do ! ” He laughed good-humouredly, and then, nodding to me, strolled off with his hands in his packets. Lady Olive rested her little hand upon my.arm for a moment, and then guided me down towards the winter garden, where the throng was less denes. There we found a low seat, and sat down with our faces towards the sea, and our backs to the ever-inoreaBlng crowd, the mnrmur of whose conversation reaobed us in an incessant subdued hum. “And now, Mr Arbuthnot, tell me all the news, please; I want to know every thing about yourself,” exolalmed Lady Olive, making herself comfortable. “ Quick, please; we haven’t more than half an hour before someone will be looking for me.” “ Half a minute will suffioe to tell you my news,” I answered, and I told her the little that had happened to me since Marian’s marriage. Told her of my meeting with my father, and of our quiet life together. She listened with more than interest; and very enohauting she looked in the golden light which shone upon her upturned, piquant faoe, and in her dark, tender eyes, which had almost filled with oempasBlonate tears when I had finished. For, after all, there was something sad about my story. “ I think it is so good of you, Mr—Mr Arbuthnot, to give up your life, as you are doing, to your father,” she said, softly. I laughed at the idea. “ Give it up I It is no sacrifice, I like being with him; and life isn't at all un pleasant out here, I oan tell you.” “ Isn’t it a little dull ? ’’ she asked, hesitatingly. “I have not found it so,” I told her. “Perhaps I should when Bhe was gone,” I added. She gave a mcoking laugh at me, and then suddenly beoame grave again. “Mr Arbuthnot, I wonder whether you will mind,” she said, looking at me very, earnestly, “but papa knows your real name and all about you. I oouldn’t help telling him, because I have thought about you so much. You are not angry ! ” I smiled down at her reassuringly. Angry? Why should.I bo? Instead, I must confess that I felt a decided glow of pleasure at her eager words. Tell me something about yourself now,” I begged, “ and some English news, if there is any.” “English news! Well, eld Sir Franols is moping worsejthan ever since you left; Mr Rupert Deverenx has written the novel of the season ; Mr Franois, from what I oan hear la going to the bad ; and Mend—they say Maud is engaged to that little fop, Lord Annerley. Is that enough news ? ” Yes, it was quite enough I Something told me that she was watching for the effeot of her words, and a sort of stubborn pride held my features rigid, and enabled me to answer lightly, and to put the words whioh I had heard away from me. Wo talked for a long time in low tones, exohanging reminisoenoes and speeohes, my share of whioh I have often since repented. But to meet unexpectedly a countrywoman, especially so oharming as Lady Olive, in a strange country, when you have seen nothing but strange faoes for many months, is sufficient exouse for a little more than cordiality creeping into the conversation. And then there was the influence of the soene and of the night, an influense whioh no one oan properly appreciate who does not know what the long summer nights of Sonthern Europe are like. Everything seemed steeped in a sort of languid, evanescent beauty. The dark mountains atretohing out like giant sentinels into the silvery, glistening bay, the twinkling lights from the low, white houses, the softened strains of the band, the musky air heavily laden with the mingled perfume of the orange grove, the hyaoinths, and the more distant vineyards, and Lady Olive’s beautiful dark eyes so close to mine, and flashing with suoh a dangerously sweet light—all these seemed leagued together to stir my senses and my heart. If Lady Olivo spoke in a lower tone and with a tenderer aooent than she need have done, was I to blame, knowing her to be a flirt, if I followed suit? The wonder is lhat I forbore to answer the mute in vitation of her eyes, and press my lips against the archly tender, oval face, whioh more than once almost touched mine. But for the thought that, gone from me for ever though she might be, Maud a kiss was the last upon my lips, assured y I should have yielded to the fasolnation of that moment. Fewer and fewer became our words, until at last we oeaasd talking altogether, and remained sUent, drinking in the exquisite enjoyrent of oar surroundings! At laat Lady Olive rose reluotantly. “ Mr Arbntbnot, we meat really go. i They’ll be coming to look for na direotlyi ■ and, really, If It hadn’t been too ridioulons, people might almoat imagine that we d been apooning, mightn’t they 7" She blushed as she amoothed down the folds of her white dreaa, and waited whilst I lit a oigarette. Certainly, if people had entertained that very ridiculous notion there would have been some exouse for hem, for our handa had been very close to gether—very oloae indeed—and there was a soft light In Lady Olive’s lustrous eyes, whloh, to any one who had not‘known that she was a flirt, and oould command them at will, might hare auggeated love-making. Our iefe-4 fel«, euoh as it was, was over for the preBent, at any rate, for we had scarcely gone a dosen yards when we oame upon Lord Parkhurit, with Miss Cissy, who, I found out afterwards, was Lady Olive’s youngest sister, and Master Frank, and a tall, sandy-haired man, with bushy eyebrows and an - intelligent forehead, whom Lord Farkhnrst introduced te me as Mr Barton Leigh, We all walked up the promenade to gether, but presently Lord Parkhurat took an opportunity to draw me a little behind the others. “ My dear fellow,” he said, kindly, “my daughter told me all your sad history when she oame to me from England, Do yon know, I should like to know yonr father, Mr Devereux, very muoh. My oeusin was in his regiment, and always swore that- there was some thing wrong about that oourt-martial: Do yon think that he would mind my calling on him ?” I hesitated, at a loss how to deoide. "Well, well, let it be nntil you have asked him,” -Lord Parkhurat went. on, good-humouredly. " We shall be here for a week or two, at any rate, and I hope that we shall see a good deal ef you. We thought of going to see the oonvent at San Martino to-morrow. Will you join us ?” - “ The oonvent of San Martino 2" I ex olalmed. '■ Why, you will pass our house.” " Indeed I Then we will look in and see your father on our way baok, it he hat no objection. You'll come in for an hour I” We had reaohed the entrance to the hotel, and Lady Olive was looking behind to see that I was following. But I shook my head. I have a alx-mile ride over a rough oeuntry,” I said,11 and though the patience of mules is supposed to be inexhaustible, experienee has taught me that that idea is a popular delusion. I’ve kept mine waiting four hoars already, and I really muBt go.” “If yon must, then,” Lord Parkhurat said, holding out his hand, “ where shall we see you to-morrow ?” " I'll oome and meet you if you’ll tell me what time you’ll start.” They consulted and fixed upon an hour. Then I shook hands with Lady Olive and the rest of the party, and walked-back along the now nearly deserted Marina to the inn where I had left my mule. Jacko was a faithful beast and sure of foot. But he was slew, and by the time we had reaohed-home it was past midnight. My father was sitting up for me, poring over a musty. old volume, whloh he laid doom as I entered. “Hugh, my boy, I thought yon were lost. Dlsgraoefnl hoar, sir,” he added, with a mild attempt at facetionsness. I langhed, and throwing my whip into a coiner, ponredmyself ont a cup of ooffee. “ Father, what do yon think has happened I explained. ” I have met some English friends in Palermo.” <• Who are they V he asked, nervously. “Lord Parkhurat and his daughter. Lsdy Olive is a friend of Miss Deverenx's, and a very jelly little girl she is. My father nodded. “Glad you’ve been enjoying yourself,” he remarked. “ I hope they are going to stay for a time. They’ll be company for yon.” “And yon, too, father,” I added, quickly, " Lord Parkhurat wants to call and see you. He knows all about us, and he seemed very anxionB to make your acquaintance. Do yon mind I” My father considered some time before he answered. I could see that the idea half pleased him, although he oeuld not qnite make up his mind to break through his old habit. “I don't think I should mind muoh, Hugh,” he said: at laBt. “Bat there is no one else, is there 7” “ Only & son, and two daughters. Lady Olive is quite as anxious to know yon as her father. Ohl and there’B a fellow oalled Bnrton Leigh.” *' Barton Leigh!” repeated my father, “ Burton Leigh ! There is no man whom I should like to meet more if It’s the same Barton Leigh who wrote this treatise on Modem Mahometanism.” “Same fellow,” I deolared, without hesitation. “ He looks beastly olever, and Lady Olive said that he’d lived for years in Egypt with a tribe of Arabs. Same fellow for certain.” " How strange I When are they oomlng, Hugh ?” “ To-morrow,” I answered, invoking seoret blessings on the head of Mr Barton Leigh. “ They are coming this way to San Martino, and I was to let them know whether they might call.” To It Continued. 