Miscellaneous, Vi(;T(iliiANRtn-fi.VNis.M.— At the ln-|ii'cal on the body uf William M''Kny, who wiia stabheil on tho night nf tho Uth Inst. at CuUnn, three young men, Tlnnic'l Shiuls, House, nnd Ne.nl. wire committed for trial mi a chargo of manslaughter, b'lt Noonan, against whom there was nu evidence, was discharged. ? The cvl.lencc showeil an extra ordinary state of thing*. It seems that' tf'jvcrnl rrfpeuli.b'f rcsiili'iiis on the way to llieli Inline* tveru in turn set ii|ion by a parly of, cowardly mill iiik -clem mdlng monry to procure ill Ink— of whom M'Kay was ono of tho gang, anil wcro lirutnlly aSEatiltod. ' Ono wKirss vm» able to show by cuts In his coat and lint that he had been fiercely aBEailcd with a knife, und evidently only escaped death by 'the merest shave. It Is believed that M'Kny was accidentally stabbed with a penknife during a struggle with a pasBcr-b'yi who was assaulted by the deceased and his companions. A Ghost Shot At.— For *2ver.il evenings prior to tho loth Inst. nn apparition had been observed Hitting about at thnbackbf the railway station at Rochester (Vie:). Residents, of a nervous disposition havu been greatly exercised in their minds. The 'spook' Is deacribed by those who havo seen it at clow quartets as resembling a tall woman iu blark, who Approaches' wayfarers as though nbjuttu address them, then without a moment's waiiiiug, diverges in nn oppo^te direction an apparition in while. The police incline to the belief Unit the ' ghost;' who Is exceedingly lljut.of fuot, is llie author of nuiny nets of pilfering' that have liccnrc-' ported to them lately,' ami is a man in woman's clothing. A tmgedy was nnrrowly averted on Sunday night, and more l-y chance than otherwise, for the apparition was once more abroad, nnd being observed by M r T. Moore, a respectable resident of the locality, ho procured- a gun and took a pot shot at tho intruder, but, as far as can be len'ned, without serious cllixt. FA1IMINU OX TUB 'SlIAHKS ' SYSTEM.— Owing to the success ivhlcli has attended the the system of farming on thcehnrcs principle, pastoralitts 'in the Albury district have already received a large number of nppllea tiuns for an extension of the Fyilcm. Q.i Walbundliu, where tills year UOuU acres were cropped, prcpaintlons are being made for' cropping 10,000 more acres fur the. couiing season. At Bull. Plain this year 1UUU acres were cropped, which averaged *', bags Iu to tho ucre, a small portion yielding as high as eight bags. The station -hs-ic of the product nniount.d to 10,000 bags of wheat' und I'OOO bags of oata and bailey. One paatorallst U reported to havu cleared £1000 this year out of liOOO acres let to fanucn. TUB Iuvci.k. — A ncwarraugcuicut for dis porting one-self upon tho feu has been in vented by a cycling enthusiast. It Is called an ' Icjole,' and it consists of a tkato oi runner taking the place of the front wheel, whilst anotliiil skate or runner is attached to the frame to run behind the back wheel. A rougheucd false rim is fastened to tho tyro of ihe back wheel, nml it so contrived that it will hold thu ice to piopei the mr.chlue, but will ylve to I lie weight of thu rider, allowing him to slide upon both runners. These at tachments will cost very little, and can bo fitted to every kind of cycle. Experiments have shown that the nincliinc can bis driven at » great Bpceil, and it Is pleasant to con sider thu amount of carnage which two scorclicrBon these nineteenth century British ch.\rlots could effect, say, for Instance, on the long water. There is ono rellectlon which should comfort tho lifure-skater j for he may bo very suio that Ulusilp Reservoir and possibly the Welsh Harp aro tho only two places hear London where tho. icyclo will to allowed to dl»port itself. ' Iu order to introduce Chamberlain's Cough Remedy here we told several do»'ii hot tics on strict guarantee and found every bottle di- mod ae'rvico. We have u»ed It ourselves nml think It superior to any other. W. I. llowrey JatYlsvlIle'W. Vu. Fur sale, by all dcnlors. ilATTON' AND Laws. General Agents. 