GENERAL NEWS. A Coeeectioh.—Owing to aj mistake on the part of the officials the prizes for Shrop shire ram at the Mount Barker Show were credited to Messrs. Kirkbam and- Giles. Mr. Philip Charley, of Naming Station, secured ! both the awards in this division. : Sitvsa Wbdiukg at BLtrKBEEQ.—A very pleasant'gathering took place in-the Blumberg Institute on Thursday evening, - IStli inst., when - Mr. and Mrs. P. Pflaium celebrated their silver wedding, The hall -was very prettily decorated, and various games were indulged in, while a program T Of vocal and instrumental music added to the general en joyment. The Iter. E. J. Henderson and Messrs. D. Haveker, J. H. Pontt, and W. B. Burpee congratulated Mr. and Mrs. Pflaum -and testified to their sterling qualities, Mr. Pfiaum feelingly responding, while a cable gram of congratulation was received from Germany from Baroness von Ahlefeld. After supper the hall was cleared for dancing, which was kept up merrily for several hours. A Suabt Captdbb.—Murray Bridge has long been noted as a place where very clever arrests have been made'by the police, aud last. week M.C. Birt maintained its reputation by effecting a amort capture. Ii.O. Miller, who is in charge of the station, Was away on his annual leave, and Trooper Birt occupied the position . daring the Corporal's absence. Notification having been received. at the station that a warrant had been issued in Victoria for a man named William Harrison for the larceny as a bailee of £921 5s. from Mrs. Louise Moore at Armadale, M.C. Birt, while attending the Melbourne express on the . morning of the 11th, noticed amidst a large . crowd of passengers on the platform a man who, he considered, answered the description (with the exception of the clothes) of the offender who was " wanted." The man was wearing a very old, shabby suit. The constable, how "ever, feeling sure he had " spotted " the right individual, notified the Detective Office and secured a seat in the ' carriage with the absconder (who was accompanied by. a female) and' closely watched their movements until the city was reached, wherb, learning that a provisional warrant for the f ugitive was issued in Adelaide, he. promptly artested Harrison on North-terrace: About' £90$ of the stolen money was recovered, and The. prisoner on .appearing before the- AdelaidsiPbtice Court -was -remanded 'to Armadale, where lie baa | since -been-despatched in charge of & police escorfrfromVictoria. " 1 IJffliviKG Mubbat Bbidgb.—Much regret was expressed here (says our Murray Bridge correspondent) when it bees mis know that Mr. J: E. Dixon, manager of the Commercial Bank, was about to sever his connection with this place through having been transferred to West Australia for the purpose of opening and takiog charge of a branch of the bank in the Norseman district. During IS months residence amongst us Mr. Dixon, by his obliging, genial, and generous disposition, coupled with sterling abilities, has made many true friends, and his loss will be deeply felt by all the community, especially by the juvenile fraternity, with whom he was a great;'favorite. A sooial was held in the assembly-ball on Thursday evening last to bid farewell to our esteemed banker, when the Toom was crowded, everyone being eagor to show appreciation of Mr. Dixon's work by attending the gathering. During the evening Mr. John Cowan eulogised the abilities of " Our Guest" both in his business and social capacities, and Mr. A. Wilson, (president of the institute) handed Mr. Dixon a letter signed by the committee, conveying their deep gratitude for the practical and liberal interest he had always shown in the insti tution, and expressed sincere regret at his departure. Mr. B. S. Smyth, on behalf of the ladies, presented Mr. Dixon with a silver cigar-case, bearing a suitable inscription. Mr. Dixon very feelingly replied. On Friday evening Mr. Dixon was again entertained by liis gentlemen friends at a dinner in the hotel, where after an excellent repast speeches, songs, and recitations were indulgod in until the small hours of the morning. Mr. Ralph, of Mount Gambier, succeeds Mr. Dixon at the Murray Bridge Bank. WOODSIDB ChBISTX MlHBrBELS. — The second concert given by the Woodside Christy Minstrels took plaoe in the local institute on Wednesday evening, an over flowing house greeting the performers, and a marked improvement was apparent. Several of the voices will repay cultivation, but others need the application of the emery wheel. Taken right through the entertain ment was very enjoyable both for the audi ence and the performers. . The " bones" (Messrs. A. Discombe and B. Harrison) and tbe"tambos" (Messrs. F. Evan and J. R. Thomson) were encored for their contributions and kept the ball merrily rolling with their gags and funniosities. Mr, C. atange made an efficient middleman, while Miss.L. Correll acted as accompanist in hgr usual-i excellent maimer. Mr.H. Jehkinson was in good voice'and rendered effectively " Hide. Behind the Dodr" and " Good-night," while in the "Cats' Duet" with Mr. J. B. Thomson, which was short but not'sweet, ;a re-demand was made. Mr. A. Riches gave in good style "Spirit of the Mountain" and "Au Revoir," and Mr. H. Boehme's " Loving Eyes" was wejl rendered. Masters A. and H. Kleinschmidt's "Hot Stuff," Mr. E. Keen's " Tar's Farewell," Mr. J. Lauter bach's " In de Winter," and Mr. W. H. Correll's " Under the Bed, White, and Bine " were nil good items. Mr. Peter Ryan sang " McFadden " and had to reappear, Mr. B. Harrison having to pay the same penalty for his " Can't Change It." Mr. F. G. Bennett was in capital voice and sang with spirit " I Fear No Foe," while Mr. Ted Hankel tickled the audience with his stump speech. The con cluding "item of the first part, "Julius's Ghost," succeeded in clearing the stage in au effective manner, and the final sketch, " Maclntyre," sent the audience home in a happy' humor. Mr. B. Harrison, in the name part, made things lively for the rest of the characters, which were all well played, Messrs. C. Stange, E. Keen, J. Lauterbach, H. Jenkinson, W. H. Correll, and A. Riches being the impersonators.' The dresses of the "ladies" were much admired, more espe cially -the up-to-date head-gear. Mr. J. j Ramsay Thomson acted as stage manager.; At the conclusion of the entertainment a good many couples tripped the light fantastic till the early hours. Depabtube op Mb. W. Wibdemasjt.— Mr. William Wiedemann, who has left Mount Barker and entered into possession of the Vine Inn at Glen. Osmond, was not allowed to take his departure without receiv ing the compliment of a social and presenta tion from the numerous friends he has made during nearly 21 years' residence in the town. The valedictory gathering took place at Aldridge's Hotel on Saturday evening, 14th inst,, and in spite of the tjme being *on»ewb»t inconvenient there was an attendance of 30 gentlemen in the dining-hall, where dinner was laid. - Mr, Harry Paltridge, J.P., pre sided, and apologies for their inability to be present were -received from the TTnn. Dr. Cockburn, Messrs. J. & A. G. Johnston, Dr. Bickle, end Messrs. Thomas Paltridge, J.P., H. P. Moore, and C. P. Clough. Dae atten tion having been paid to the eatables, the chairman proposed the toast of " Our G-uest " and in doing so referred to Mr. Wiedemann's many sterling qualities. He said that Mr. Wiedemann had been a good supporter of every Iooal undertaking and been identified with the interests of Mount Barker for so long a period that they could not allow him to depart without wishing him a hearty good bye and their best wishes. (Hear, hear.) In taking a survey of Mr. Wiedemann's career he recalled to their memories the fact that their guest was once a member of the Imper ial Guard of Kaiser Wilhelm, and in the early days of his settlement in the colony the old martial spirit asserted itself, Mr. Wiede mann becoming a drill instructor at Oakbank at the time of the war scare in Australia. He had also distinguished himself by taking a prominent part in planting the splendid row of poplars on the road from Balhannah to the Onkaparinga Racecourse. It was his I (the chairman's) pleasing duty in saying ** au reroir " to Mr. Wiedemann to hand him a small token of the esteem felt for him by his old townsmen in the Bhape of a silver mounted inkstand on a base of ebony, and he expressed the hope that in the course of time their genial friend would return to Mount Barker and end his days in the quiet retire ment of Richmond Villa. The chairman's remarks were cordially endorsed by Dr. Morier and Messrs. John Paltridge, L. von Douasa, C. M. R. Dumas, R. Murray, R. C. Paltridge, A. C. Daw, W. Rossi, and R. D. Beresford, and the toast was then drunk with musical honors. Mr. Wiedemann responded feelingly, saying how flattered he felt .at .all the kind words that had been said about him. He had always received good treatment from hit customers during his long residence in Mount Barker, and the reference led him to narrate eome amusing reminiscences of old times in his tenancy of the hotel. The evening's pleasure was contributed to by several gentlemen, and after " The Host and Hostess " had been presented by the chairman and acknowledged by Mr. Aldridge the enjoyable proceedings terminated witb the singing of<c Auld Lang. Syne " and individual farewells to Mr. Wiedemann, who entered upon his new duties at Glen Osmond on Monday. 