SYDNEY DAY BY DAY. 1 Two essentially antagonistic congrega tions held meetings on Tuesday— tho Local Option Loaguo and the Lieonsed Vic tuallers. Tho first of these regaled them selves with » talk and ten ; the other with ' stuff of a- superior nature and something good to drink. Tho L.O.L. orated in a \- ficrco and belligerent manner j tho speeches of the L.Vvwero " soft as mother's milk," aud-tlio speakers bvqatlied peace to all tlio world. Thus we discover tlio hlood- \- heating natnro of congou and- orumpots as. solid articles "of diet. Victuals which have so disastrous an oil'ect upon the dispositions . of the partakers should certainly bo brought, iiudorsonio spooies- of State control. It is to he hoped, thoroforo, that in tho ensuing, session tlio Government will introduoo a. measure for tho bettor regulation of tho salo of muffins, crumpets, buns and scone3, - and that it will bo made a punishable oftouoo to supply moro than four cups oi tea at one tmio.- It used to bo said in England that pre- vontiblo railway- accidonts would novor colibg uutil ono of tho compauios killed a bishop. Now that a London cabby lias succeeded in running over a princo the occasioh will ho used in tho "littlo village" to instil fear into the hearts of drivers of vehicles generally, and to toauh them that tho roadway is as much tlio proporty of tho pedestrian as of driver or rider. Tho oflonco of driving ovor a princo is tho highest sort of 'high treasoe, and no doubt the guilty cabman will bo liaugsd. Princo Christian, - boing a princo on good pay, was naturally unhurt by a moro oab going ovor liim. Could not the Imperial authorities lend the . prince to Sydney ? A princo accustomed to being run ovor .would ho qiromptly run ovor hero, and so gushingly loyal aro wo that 24 hours later tliore would bo, for. tho very first time, lucid regulation , of out street traffic. ; " To wliat purposo is this waste ?" 'was a question : askod moro ; than oigbtpou centuries ago. The reply to that question has often ''subsequently been most inappro-. priatoiy IIulIGU Hu ullUaO WU.UIlil.VU piULUoliUU against costly Offerings— pui'posoloss aud of no utility to tlio recipient. Tot tho samo query may ho put with regard to tho seofos of precious wreaths; sent to ndorn tho bior of tho old statesman yesterday laid to his long rest. ' Would not ho, conld lie again speak, .bo the first to ask, "To what purposo is this waste?" Tho last days of tho Old Man Eloquent woro omhittored by terror of penury. Tho 3ums wnsted on tolograms he could not road, and on wroiitlis which have no beauty, or frag- ranco for tho dead) might, if bestowed iu his lifo timo, havo saved him many a cruel pang. Might not his sliado then justly say: .. " Come not; wlion I am dead, To drop thy foolish tours upon my grave, To trample round uiy fnllon liond, And vex the unhappy dust thou would'st not save." ; It remains to bo' seen wliotlior public sympathy will ovaporato iu wires at so . much a word and in .bouquets at so much por bloom. Ho lias loft a widow and young children to tho , tender mercies of a world that soon, too soon, forgots. For those tlio rarest blossoms thut moulder on a husband's and a father's tomb will buy no scrap of . bread. Will Now Soutli Wales suffer tho tributes of tlio florist, tlio undertaker and tlio newspaper eulogist to bo the only guer dons paid for tho services of ono who, I whatovor. liis faults and weaknesses, was ' ono . of tho strongest citizens upon whom the Southern Cross has shono ? It is said, truly or tho revorso, of tho people of tho Australias that they, liko tho Athenians of old, aro ovor ready to run after any new thing — from tho cradle of tho nowly-born son of a Governor to tho graveside of a states man worn out by years and work and dis- appointments. Shall. New South Wales merit the .reproach by giving to the chil dren of One who deserves much of tlio country, whon they ask bread, a — wreath of flowers ? Whon ono hoars that Queoh Marghorita I of Italy lias taken to bicycling it strikes as I a mere truoiBm to have tho ndded informa- ' tion that her" riding is "a most graceful performnuco." That is roally a matter of course, just as any Duchoss, oven with bandy legs," a hump, and cross eyes; .'is " Hor Grace " all tho timo. Tho only roal way to ' got at 'tlio actual merits of. Sovoroign, Royal or Noble amateur, is by getting tliom to eompoto incognito for a 30s prizo for the best painting, photograph, novel, poem, musical . composition, or in a oyolo raco,. three- logged race, sack race and so forth, nnd tlion seo' how tlieir extraordinary goniuB works out. By an - "unlieard-of, and pro bably treasonable, broach of otiquetto it loaked out-- the otlior day that the . Princo of . Walo3,';like_ Qiioon Marguoritn," had bo- gun to cycle. But, instead of the propor gush- .about .his." most graceful porform- anco,"; it, transpired that ho tumbled off, and fell on his head — or tho contrary. ; Mr. Roid informed Broken Hill — inuch in tlio tone which may havo been used by William Tell before ho shot tho immortal applo oil his son's head, or rathor, perhaps, in tho accents of littlo Goorgo Washington wlien h'e tolcl his papa ho ooiild not lio— that ho (Mr. Roid) did not eomo to Broken Hill for. , hagquots- and complimonts. No, ho is not a Premier of that sort. Ho ' lias a soul above feod- ing, and " compliments givo him dyspep sia. Ho (.wont to Brokon Hill in: his simple character of patriot and man of tho people — a- honest, 'ard-workin', 'orhy- 'andod son of political toil. Ho 'took his ton- inch sinilo, his historical cyc-glass, and tho somi-promiso of a railway as ground- bait with him. Ho brought back with; him a bottle of RrokcnHill wator as an outward : and, visiblb'sign of liis inward and spiritual abstinence.'1- , , . Tlie proposal to form a company of St. Goorgo's Riflos, on similar linos to tho Irish ': and Scottish-; companies of volunteers, to \- comploto, as) a morning contemporary re marks, the Union Brigade already gazetted, ' calls attention to one curious and lamont- ' 1 ablo deficiency under which Now South Walo3, and tho Australian colonies gene rally, groan, Wo havo no patron saint! mi. - L- Di _21_ Oi. xiio xnsn imvu on. jtui/huji. wiu wuwivh wi. Andrew, and the English St, George; but Australia, -tlie devil a saint lias it. There is , hero an instance of culpablo neglect on tho ' part of Willyum Chawrlos Wintworth and othor fathers and stepfathers of this great country which should be remedied- forth- " with. If St. Micliaol docs not hold a re tainer from any. other country ho might bo ... secured. ;. He is a saint with a better record : ; than St.. Goorgo, anyhow. But our most appropriate: saint, for reasons which must bo obvious to ovoryono who is familiar with saints and: thoir favourito associations, wonldbo St. Nicholas. ; . . . - , Professor Tlfrolfall's lecture at the lJm- vorBity on " Rtatgon's ' X ' Rays" was of a most interesting nature, and exhaustive within certain limits. Thero was, never theless, one branch of tlio subject tho pro- : fessor failed to touoli — tlio application of . tlio rays for the discovery of tho spook of your grandmother or your Aunt Maria. Spiritualists have long asserted, that though tho air was thick with spooks human vision was, save under extraordinary con dition's, so - imporfcot that tho spirrut3 could not bo detootod by tho nakod eyo. Now, howovor, that -Rontgon has onahlod us to look through a 3in. board wo ought to bo nblo to sco tlio ghosts that tap on tablos and make foolish answers to idiotic questions with the greatest oaso. ZED. 