MULL HAlDiOND'S MONEY. CHAPTER I. TH> ACSTR4L14S OBTIIAX. " I am afraid Hut yon will be very much annoyed, girls," esid Mr Dawnay, looking ap, iritb A frown of anxiety, from a letter that he held in his hand, and which he had been carefully penning for the laat ten a minutes. " Bnt please dlEgniee your dii. pleasure from me as mnoh as possible, for I have made up my mind; and you know y that, once made up, it Is as unalterable as i the lawa of the Medea and Persians!'' He passed to draw breath; bnt, finding the ullenoa ominous, he went on hastily : p " The story ii far toolong to tell, yon t know; bid I had a friend onoe—Clairranfc b Hammond by name—vho did me ftvery m good torn when I was in a disagreeable fix I thought he had gene to the bad yean ago; bnt It eppean that he had merely g retired from the world to Australia to hide hb poverty; Anyway, he has sent me his dying blenim; in the shape of hb daughter. Wait a moment, girls ? there was an old promise on my part that, if I cam9 into Dawnay. and he should leave a daughter unprovided far, I should give her a home. \- She arrives next week, and a welcome we mnit give her, in fplte of the home being foil I Clairvant'e lawyer says that he has left enough money to pay for her maintenance while she remains with as, which is a *I suppose he died as he lived—almost bankrupt, and little dreaming that his old friend was in almost as great straits as himself." " Gaodneas gracious, papa, yon must be mad I Hew can she oome here, with all the rooms {nil for the ahooting, and none empty exoept the wsst wing, which is too mouldy and gene to seed to put anyone in ? ' cried Eileen. " Papa, how eld is the ? It won't be so bad if she is a mere child ; Teddy can play with her," said Hand anrlenely. For Maud was on the wrong side of twenty-five, and had fonnd a grey hair in her head that morning. For all answer, Hr Dawnay flung the lawyer's letter serosa the table to his eldest daughter, and left the room. Maud Dawnay unfolded the letter, and read it aland to EQeen and Fay, while Teddy, their small brother, who was remarkable for nothing save his inordinate capidty for gathering news, and the extreme redness of his hair, laid down his bread-end- jam to listen as well, "Dear Sir,—We have received inetruo Sons from our late client, Mr Clalrvant Hammond, relative to the despatch of his daughter and only ohild to yonr care, according to an old agreement, whioh, no danbt, yon will remember. Miss Hammond left Melbourne in the • Irawaddy,' whioh is due to arrive In London about the 23rd. " In any oase, we shall await yonr instructions; bnt the young lady has no friends In England save younelf, and yon will no donbt be eager to receive her at onoe. She is twenty years of age, and a suitable allowance has been set apart forher maintenance during the time she remains unmarried. " The said allowance, whioh, under stress of circumstances, is necessarily very mull, will be paid to your baakera every quarter. " We hay 9 the honour to remain, &fl.f; &Q.;" Mand finished the letter, and sat silent, looking at the dismayed faoes round her. " Another girl 1 How awful! Just makes our party an odd number I Who on earth la to pair off with her ; for we oannot ask another man—unless he sleeps In the stable t Lord Lanchester, Bobby Eyrie, and Captain Hope are all our own speolal property. What a nnlsanoe it all is J" "Supposing she is vary pretty?'' arid Eileen, with bated breath. Hand rose from the table suddenly, setting the silver and china jarring harshly. She did nc lite to contemplate snoh an emergenoy. " She shall pair off with Teddy, and have her meals In the schoolroom. Her mourning will be a c&pitsS; excuse; and I can't see why we should lie bothered by a strange, ahabby girl when'all the winter fun is be ginning J" "Oh, sakee!*'cried Teddy enthusiastically. "It'll be the first time that I shall have been in the running at all! I never did see anyone 10M apaok of women talking another woman over I It's juit like the henrard at the {arm, when one hen is trying hard to say that die has laid an egg, and all the others don't want to hear!" "Vulgar yon always were, and vulgar yon always will be, Teddy!'said Eileen severely. "Yon and thewild Australian will make a capital pair, I should imagine !"* And they departed, leaving Teddy to the contemplation of the cold mnffina ani their empty chairs. He presently also • disappeared in the direction ef the Vicarage Mid his lessons, leaving behind him an /empty teapot and a well-scraped Jar of jam. For Teddy was nothing If aot prompt to make the beat of .bis opportunities. t The three Hiss Dawnays were handsome girls, in a bold, striking style, the eldest of them being seven-and-twenty. They dressed well, rode straight to hounds, and kept house for thalr father in excellent style on a limited income. Mr Dawnay, the Squire of Dawnay, was one of a long line of Dawnaya who held their property dace the Battle of Aglnoourt, gradually be cooing poorer as the years won away, until the present owner of the name was in possession of an estate mortgaged up to his front-door, and an income that wag absolutely inadequate to meet Us expend! tore. He was a meek-spirited, careworn man, with a kindly nature, of which his tenants and his daughters to>k every advantage. His youth and his heart lay buried in the grave of his young wife, who died in the prime of her beantjr/aad with whom had vanished the last rezntiant of his happiness. Teddy departed to sohoaL, vaguely wondering what lib would be with the new inmate of Dawnay.fiall, who might reason' ably be supposed to pay him more attention than his sisters hid ever done. n. THE SXBAVCEK'S AEBTVAL, Dawnay Hall $ was, unlike Its usual manner, brilliantly illuminated on the late afternoon of October 22nd. • The whole family party were assembled round the tea-table with their guests, talking over the evoots of the day, when the dear at the furt&er; end of the opened, and a gkl came dyrly forward into the lamplight S ' fibs was wrapped in a heavy aerge cloak, end, under her sealskin oap, her oorn-gold hair escaped in JleUtrioiu crisp wares and onrla, • ; , By Hie side of the taU Dawpay girls the appeared almost abort. Bat she Was ao ndgnranein tace and figure that her height seemed perfection. ; She mqj grey eyes, tmder.J≺ fringe «f lashea, were circled iHthdanlineijoflstigxe. ~ . jBnt there,Wfts a gmM. f^wBftmwit on riffiS™ jPjfaay^as fcey «at staring at her, taaniUl 1 rnyitfa emprise, ; . ^'Ito^Wwyl: Oh; didn't you expect t me ao iibeaT'jpned Miss Hammond, {na w ^eetjbdHvndteSirm^h wbloh aui ap- d w uord Liaoheater'e eurceptSMe heart. And he laid down Ids cup: mi moved a little nearer to the new-oomer. How do yon do, Miss Hammond I" said Maud, in her dear, well-bred voice. ™ We certainly did not expect you for aday or two, and I am excessively aeny that the oanJage was not sent tomeet ywu. Are yon very tired 1 How did you come from the station T Lard Usoteita, would yen be so kind as to pot my cup down I" By the time that these inquiries-had been made, Nell Hammond had shaken »•««»*« with the three girls, and had sat down by the fir®, letting her heavy cloak foil from her shoulders. With her quick perception, she noticed that'hor welcome at Dawnay was not likely to be a warm one, and the shadow that crossed her faoe had in it mora of resolution than of disappointment; For she had .schooled herself to expect little in the way of friendliness in cold, foggy England. "How did you comet" repeated Fay, with deep interest " Yon couldn't have walked, and there are never any cabs at the station." Nell Hammend laughed, and there was something so spontaneous about the ringof her lacghter that the three men felt inclined to do like wise. "I? Oh, I came la a pig-cart. There was a network over the pigs, so it didn't matter. I sat near the driver, and he was qnlte interesting. I couldnt hear much of his conversation, because the pigs were yapping and squealing all the time, but what I did gather was most entertaining." There was a shocked eQenoe in the hall, broken at last by a load guffaw from Lord Lanchester, who had broken through hia rule of never being amused at anything, nd freely confessed Mm«aif enchanted. " Hew delicious f* he said meditatively. "Had yon any opportunity of perfecting our knowledge on the subjeot of pig-keepng as a profitable amusement I" Nell tuned her mirthful eyes upon him. And in his eight-and-twenty years ef exerience of life, wealth, and misapplied alent, the Earl of Lanchester never rememered to have seen a woman's eyes that oved him to his inmost being. 1 , To tell yon the truth," she said gravely, " I was principally concerned in keeping my allant coachman from offering me his hand and his heart. He was so delighted when he discovered that I had lived among pigs all my life that he evidently thought I should be an acquisition In the " "I fall to see the amusement of your drive, Miss Hammond," said Maud, rising coldly. "Perhaps you will come to yonr room now. Ton must stand in need of changing your gown after the society of your very unsavoury companions. And you must remember that we are not on exaotiy the same terms with our pig- jobbers in England | as yon seem to be In Australia I" Nell's faoe fell. Bnt she lifted her head proudly as she followed her hostess. Lsnohester fallowed her with his eyes as she disappeared up the long oak staircase, and passed under the line of painted drawings on tne wall away into the darkness. He was very sfieni at dinner that night, for Nell did not appear, and no exouaewas made for her absence. She had her supper with TeSdy in the sohoolrosm, and Lord Lanohester revenged himself by falling to notioe Maud's new yellow satin gown, and by being exceedingly distrait in his manner towarjs the rest of the party. Hiss Dtwnay and Nell had had a small passage-of-arms in the privacy of the west wing. The room which had been allotted to Nell was a bare, damp apartment, which had long been deserted by every tenant save the rats, whose scuttling feet could be heard behind the wainscot at dead o! night. All the old-fashioned furniture that was too shabby for the rest of the house had drifted there, and the huge four-pBstbed J^nSfaS" of "Rebecca at the Well," and the "Sacrifice of Isaac," looked strangely forge and dreary forao email a person as NelL A housemaid was trying to light a tire in the big open grate. But the smoke of the damp sticks had pervaded the room with a light mist, through which the bed loomed more hearse-like than before. Nell shivered as they entered, and Miss D iwnsy said sharply : " We are sorry to be ob'aged to put yen in such a damp ream; but so ehort notice was given us of yonr arrival that >11 our other bedrooms had already been arranged for " "It is very good of Mr Dawzuy to take me In at all," said Nell, forcine a smile When shall I see him ?'" "At breakfast,no doubt. Asonrhouse Is full, and yon are in such deep mourning, yon will, no donbt, be giad to keep a good deal to yourself, and have dinner with Teddy in sohedlruom at seven ?" "My father has bees dead for eight months," eald Nell quiokly. The mourning for a relation so near as a father, and one to whom, no doubt, you were attashed, lasts for two years." Miss Diwnay'a lips shut like a steel olasp. It wai evident that she did net intend to encourage the pretensions of any rival beauty, and that, until the house was empty. Nell must keep herself in the background. But it was no eager desire fo gaiety and amusement that flashed Nell's white cheeks to deep crimson, "My dear old dad I Hew can yon—hew dare you tell me how long I shall monm for him 1" she oried passionately, out to the quick. " He was the only person who ever really loved me, or whom I have ever loved. My dad! my dear, dear dad 1" "I did not mean—I am sure Ism very sorry " began Maud awkwardly. Bnt Nell broke in upon her words with an impBtnons gesture. ge away now. I win have dinner with Teddy, or the cats, or anyone you like; and yon need not be a bit afraid of my being in your way! Only please go away now, becense I don't want te beangry with yon." And Miss Dawnay departed, with an angry foaling that Neil Hammond had begun by putting her in tite wrong in her own house, which did not tend to soften her annoyanot with that young woman forher presumption in daring to possess beauty of her own. When she was left done, Nell knelt down beelde one ef her trunks, and, unlocking lt, took out a large leather box, which she opened with a safety key. Under the lid lay a glitter of diamonds neoUace and pendant, brackets and strings ot the jewels, in magnlfioent profusion. She looked at them with a sigh; then, taking off the ornaments that she wore, die locked them away with the others, and replaced the box. "I will wear no gown but this, till it is threadbare—though it does seem a shame that those lovely dresses should lie in my boxes tOI they are. old-fashioned I Still, I am B peverty-strioken relation! Nell Hammond, yon must never forget that you are a humble-minded dependent on the charily of others tar One present. And now forTeddy and the eahoalroom, and a well-spent youth ful evening." CHiPrEB m. TEDDY AKD NELL. It was not long before Teddy Dawnay began to feel that he had been a victim of misunderstanding all his life. He had never been appreciated as an Interesting oompanion and a stamp- colieotor of energy and renown until the present. And he began to see that life had been a failure eo far; a fall ore whioh bade fair to blossom into a wonderfully successful future. It wss not as though the admiration was all cm Nell'a part, forthen he might have felt doubtful as to its genuine nature. For be and Miss Hammond had struck up a warm friendship, and were apt to view each other's actions through roseate speotaoles. Bat It wasliozd Lanohester who hadsnddenly developed a pretty taste in stamps and seal-collecting, and even in tinecommon or gardes habit of butterfly-catching in the daytime, and moth- hunting by night Mand Dawnay was growing decidedly hopeful as to her admirer^ intentions. For he showed no signs of desiring jto leave the Sail. And auraly the bnmnes* letters he aeism&fo.fprifoMOKnjdanliiyinibe; privacy, of hte^monUSimMmeSiIngtodo Witt lawyers and Battlements. • \- S c she worelier b est frook* every day, and smiledinere BWeotiy'at IiauchestBr as jthetinui wore an; and ha aeemedV) haveteken root at Dawnay HaU. \- As noneef the Misses Dawnay ever entered the west wing, where the fdhaeboom situated, and where Bdl and Teddy apt, thsy iiad no chance of discovering here the tniant spent his absent hoars, -, j NeQ and Tedtyr-a(tfMre£ «buunl#*t breakfast and lunch-time; but at they were gecerally ignored by the rest of the pe*ty> and absolutely unquestioned as to their doings during the day, they kept ctrlot silence as te their friend's visit. The Squire had greeted Miss Hammond with absent kindness} had asked after her health, and hoped die would be happy at Dawnay. Then he hai become absorbed in his own thoughts, and apparently forgot, after a day or two, that the new face at the table belonged to other than one oi his own children. Nell was very sorry for him, and lay in watt to do little kindnesses lor him, Huoh as mending his gloves, or polishing up the knob of his stick, ar seeing that he tow his umbrella with biis whan it was wet. These attentions Mr. Dawnay always received! with much surprise and a good deal of nervousness, which touohed her to the heart as she noticed how utterly outside the interests and affections of bis family he wss. The first time that Lord Linchester was admitted to the inner friendship ef the two youngest members of the household was a night or two after Nell's arrival at Dawnay. He had gone out te smoke an afternoon cigar on the terrace, a little tired of the irrepressible humour .of Eyrie and Hope, and tile liveliness of tho three girls. His mood was a melancholy one, and clumed In with the atill, starlit night, and the moonless dark of the sky. Away in Dawnay village^ under the hill, the lights were twinkling In the cottage windows, anil the voloeof a woman ringing to her child, somewhere out In the stillness, rang bad: to him across tile level plain. The sob of the sea, three miles away, beating on the surf-Tern ooast, made a background to the right. And when a doofc etrnok nine, each stroke dumbly on the edge of the quiet air, be started at the dUcord. As he approached the garden-gate he became aware that two dark figures were in front of him, stealing across the grass. And by the light ef a dark lantern, whioh suddenly flashed an nnexported flare upon Its surroundings, he eaw that they were Teddy and Nell Hammond. " Bless the lantern !" growled Teddy, • struggling with the slide. I believe it's s gone and pitched its beastly light right into Hw the drawing-room window, and that horrid t p p c L o a a w Mr. Eyrie will think we are poachers. I wish he'd oome ont, and I'd dodge him behind a tree, and whack him jolly well over his head with my net!' Nell's voice, bubbling over with laughter, replied: " Oh, what a lovely night-moth he would make, with bis pretty moustache pinned ont on each eide like wings I Come along, Teddy ; don't laugh 80 much, or you will drop the treaole-tln." The girls of Lsndhester'a acquaintance were not in the habit ef Indnlglng Jn noh harmless " moonlight amusements." and he oauld not imBgine even Maud Dawnay finding pleasure in the pursuit of nightflying moths, when there was higher game to be had in the shape of husbands. He crept softly after the couple, flinging away hie cigar with a sense ef excitement to which he had been a stranger for yean. Under a big besoh-tree they paused; and, while Nell held the lantern, Teddy began to search for moths caught in the treacle upsn the branohos. It vas very absorbing work, and Lanohester. creeping nearer, could hear Xeddy'e triumphant chuckles as he bottled his specimens and laid them aside. " All, Nell 1 the bsst ghost moth I've got yet; and look at this queer fellow wtth horns and a sort of nose ! What a mercy it's a still, warm night, and " There was a shrill shriek from Miss Hammond; and, dropping the lantern ,ahe fled incsntijientiy. ,"Oh, Teddy, a bat—a bat ! I know it was a bat, and it flapped right in my faoe ! Oh 1 its little cold paws and its damp wings I" Lanchester had no time to escape, forshe was too quick for him. And, with her hands pressed tightly over her eyes, she can straight into his aims, and would have fallen to the ground had he not held her. While Nell lay la his arms, too startled to speak, the young man had time to think what a delightful burden he held, and his heart beat rapidly as he reflected how willingly he would have held that burden forever; "Don't be frightened, Miss Hammond. It's only I—Lord Lwoheeter," be said soothingly. " It was really an incalculable blessing that you fell np against me Instead of that stump, or yon might have been badly hurt.*' Nell disengaged herself hastily, blushing eoariet, Whata dreadful evening this has been f* she eald savagely. "Fiist of all a bat nearly kills me j and t^ien I nearly kill you. Oil, Teddy 11 have crushed Lord Lanchester to powder. Never ask me to go mothhunting in the dark again." •< What stupid things girls are!" grumb'ed Teddy, groping for the lantern in the wet grass. "Why, ail my life I have wanted a tame bat, and now you have let my only ohanoe go," Sut Nell recovered her self-possession, r and was thanking the young man for saving her from a bad foil, with such a delicious smile that, even by the faint light of the rekindled lantern, Lanohester feitsuro that he had never seen anyone ao b switching in his life before. They were never quite sure how it happened; bat, in five minutes' time, Nell and Lanohester were strolling towards the lake with Teddy skirmishing ahead in search ef pocslble viotlms. Their new friend had developed such amazing knowledge as to flying insects of every description, and had promised such liberal presents in connection with their pursuits, that Teddy began to look upon him ua decided acquisition instead of a "melees swell, like the other chaps that the girls like !"' " Why do we never see yon at dinner, Miss Hammond 7" add tile young man abruptly, wishing that there was a moon Instead of the mere faint flareof Teddy^s lamp and the cold starlight. Every graceful turn of her head was so adorable that he grudged the inw" 1 ' in which he discerned only her faint outline, and not the tremulous coleur that came and went upon her cheeks, or the laughter lines on her lovely lips, " We meet so seldom—and surely you could spare ns.afow of yeurevening hours." "Oh, I conld spare a great many of them P laughed Nell. "But poor relations are not usually encouraged to haunt the society of their betters," Lanohester gave an impatient exclamation. "Why are rich people so ugly and undesirable!" he said. "You made a mistake in calling yourself poor, M'i Hammond, when you' are a millionaire In goodness and beauty," he said enthusiastically, and wondered why Nell laid back her head, *nd langhed till the silent fields rang again, and Teddy came running back again te hear the fan. After that night Linoheeter beoame their constant companion. He knew in what secluded comer Nell and the boy would be sitting in the early afternoon, and the flavourof the schoolroom teast, burnt a little, in Nell's nnaoonstsmed fingers, was far awseter than the drawing room muffin. Lord Lanohester was oertalnly a clever young man, but be was not clever enough to hoodwink Miss Dawnay completely. And it was not long before die hsd discovered that there must be some other, attraction bssideherself in the ndghbsurw hood to keep him lingering on. Hints seined to be tbrownaway oa-Nel], and coldness upon Lwd Xiraohetter. And when die had met a sharp rebnff from the girl's ready tongue,, ad lad utterly foiled.'to discover the culprits together, she attadredTcddy one afternoon. Nell was out walking with the Sfuire, and Lanohester. warn xeally.writing letters In hb own room, ao that the ooast was clear. The sohoolroom was sot looking as dingy as. usual, when. Maud stegpsd aorpte the threshold, . Teddy, tn rand Ms *vd head towards lib sister asaheruxtlodJn. "Nell Is out, and £Vn tasy/* he.aaid cur&F.; * ~ "Si, I aee. most -craitMas>.bratharV , Maadanawarsd, withajned. ^^HowottonJ l^lanchester oemohewVT g-jT* ,**JuSt*i often as f^^Z^aJiusa iron Utile jgamfit^sSi inyji Satd- LanohesterT" . eaty tfamd. darkly. ^p -Ifyou are really fondl rfell, yon WOP keep her awsy from him.J -' chaptebJiv. THE BUI " Australians seem, trammelled by any fows Mand Dawnay, »>i«M«ig the next afternoon, a» " I saw Mies Hammoi avenue with a strange say is that, by their siot engaged, they onj Eyrie save a short "She is certainly ral in her manner," he . Lu chestor started to "Theabeentare we are aware of It would be better Miss Hammond's her ef anything else,' Eyrie bit his lip for) in tile wrong— ; and perhaps wen to wait for 1 before you aoouse said drily. ' r,and was silent, Presently a'shadew, ntjwticed by anyone else, crossed the w!indoW, jand Lxnchester, looking np, saw Tedlylwith a rnefal countenance, beckoning to him'with muoh secrecy and excitement? ' *' Whafe np, old boyjl" he said, when he had joined him in the garden. "Nell's been crying Ike fun, and a man has been making her car by saying things I couldn't hear." J lanchester strode dotra the garden, with the boy. Nell was st&lding;, faring a man filth a thlok-aot figure^>d a sullen faoe. He had caught her Had in a tight grip, and ehe was strngglligj away from him, sobbing with tenor. '; But when LuK^iestec sprang to her side, he dropped ths little IwUst, and glared at he new-comer. : 1 "My business with 'lilss Hammond is rivate. 1 ' he began. j _ Bnt Nell broke in spa him, turning her iteous, tear-drenched (fee towards Linhes ter. . | I am so glad that yoi have come, Lord anohester. This man ays that he is a ousin ef my dear fothenFiands Hawley, nd that he got his mosey in a bad way. nd that if I do nen give him half he ill " 1 By Jove I are you Ibrd Linchestar TI hould call that the inny ef Fate !'' aaid awley with a harsh lstgh. Your father ould have pretty good saoseto remember Hammond, Hawley and (Co., Ilmagtne." •' Ton don't mean to tay that he was her father?" / Virions from his iAffliA days flashed across him with painftd imphasls. " His father, the thirdEarl cf Lanchester, had been a spendthrift and had got into the meshes of an nascrujaloss money-lender who had involved him and his property in complete ruin. J The anxiety and trouble had worked on his feeble constitution, and he had died, before his son had left • Eton, and only one short year before the death ot a distant courin who had bequeathed his immense fortune to the young Earl of Lisohester, and from poverty transformed him into the richest minor in the Peerage. The thoaght that N«ll was ths daughter of a man whom all his life he had been taught to regard with abhorrence ataggarei him for a moment. And before he recovered his self-pot session, Hawley was speaking to Miss Hammend. " Yes, and it was yonr father who sold np the late Lard Lanchester, end hundreds of other men who have cause to curse his name lo this day. He bought my share cf the business, and I set np en my own aooount in town, thongh he wanted me to be his Iiendon agent. I was always fond of you. thongh ; and if you had kept a civil tongue in your head this afternoon, I should never have let on that your father was a money- lender." " It cannot be true," she said faintly, " Get ont of this place at onoe, yen detestable blackmailer!" cried Lwchester furiously, " And if I ever see your faoe again, I will give you the thrashing yon so well deserve." - Hawley turned upon him with a snarl, drawing his Hps tightly over Ida strong, white teefc. Bat he thought disctetion to be the better part bf valour, and dunk back again to the high-read, and thence to the station, where he took his ticketfor London. To save himself from being aailed te aooount for various shady transactions, he flad abroad, and when he was last heard of, Francis Hawley was a billiard-marker in a low drinklng-house in Seville. " Lird Lmchester, what can I do ? " saldNelL "Why should you do anything 1" he cried impatiently. " Why should .we be answerable for our fathers' sins f' "Bit he never was dishonourable—he was the soul of honour—and he was never rich until qnlte a little time before he died. My father could not have dsne anything wrong; he conld not have known all this wickedness. Will all my money make np to you what you have lest T You can have it all, if you will only clear my father's memory." " Nell," cud Lanchester solemnly, taking her cold, trembling hands in his own strong ones, " Nell, have yon not known sill these days that I love you passionately ? I will not take yonr money; bnt if yen will give me yourself, yon -shall do what yon like with any money ef your own." " X have come here under false pretences," oried the girl, with an hysterical sob in her threat. *' I have a great deal of money, nearly half a million, and my father begged me not to tell the Dawnays, they welcomed me as a poor girl withepenarms. He told me that money was the motive power of the world, and that If I w^s ever to beloved it should be for myself alone." Did not I love you for yonr own sweet little self T" went on the young man, coolly, keeping possession of the little straggling trade. "I was going to ask yon to-day ff yon could ever think of meaa—as your future husband. If you could spend the rest of yonr life with me, leading me, helping me to higher things 1" He did not attempt to kiss her, for he would take no mean advantage of her helplessness. "It is no good hiding from you the foot that I do care for you," ahe said sadly. But I will never many you, or any other man, unless my father's name is cleared." But—but yon an taking a strong view of the eubjeot—like every weman, NelL As long as there are spendthrifts in the world there must be money-lenders," " Oh I can yon not understand the horror of it?" " I understand nothing. I only eee that In my world there is one darling little woman who has vast ideas on human nature, and whose quixotism Is as beautiful as it is rare. Give me the address of your lawyer, my sweetheart; and If I don't rack the truth out of him is the next twenty-four hoots, write me down an ass I ' Nell ami led up at him, with axay ot hope in bar eyes. He was ao delightfully positive in his assertion thai ahe began te feel that, after all, life might not be so dark in its promise « she had begun to dread. CHAPTER V. TWO MORS AT DISKKB. The post next afternoon brought Nell Hammond a letter that brought the hlnshes to her pretty cheskE. "My Sweetheart,—-I saw your lawyer this morning, and leaned the whole truth of your father's fortune. . 11 When he went to Australia he bsoame acquainted with the foot that an uncle of his had amassed a luge fortune in. meneylsndios and bad settled in Melbourne and retired from business. "Thejoan Hawley had been his partner, but had been detected in soma nefarious wheme, and dismissed from yonr. nucleus bcriness esme time before, though he osntinaedto^residein Australia. "Five jean before yonr father's death old Mr. Hammond died, tearing him half his fortune. • - " Hawley then made himself obnoxious, •adj. after aaoene with yosr father, left the ocuntiy. • i;X($ir '!attter invested his £10,000 in a nmarkably business-like manner. ,.?<iA!iu,-;for.'ttnoe,thegold mine in which a^imwslpv, la.wewUlfotmdahotniiBl rtttr throat, so that we ntsy take the ^Dawnay family by snigSr&e; « My darling, yonr own true love, LANCHESTER. The whole party were in the very aot of going is to dinner the night of Lanchester a return, when the door opened slowly, and a slim figure entered the room and stood shyly «n the threshold. It was Nell, dressed in a while satin gown that fitted her elender figure Use a glove. There were roses in her hair and in her hands, and she glittered with diamonds from head to foot. "What is this masquerading I began Miw Dawnay breathlessly. Bat Lord Lanohester oame forward. " Mr Diwnay, Mies Hammond baa done me tho honour to promise to become my wife. She has also a confession tomake to yon—and that is that she failed to tell yon that ehe Is one of the richest young women In England. She wished to be oared for, for herself alone, and not forwhat ahe po Bsseed." Teddy's irrepressible red head oame Into sight at this jonotnre. "All right, Mand, I told Mason to set two more places at dinner," And when Nell stopped and kissed him in front of everyone, Teddy flung bis arms round her neck. Nell 1" he oried, " you're a darling; and if I was a man I'd marry you myself 1" " Thanlr goodness you're not I 1 * said Lis- Chester, laughing. " Fm not jealous of you a bit, Teddy, as It IE, thongh ten years later yen might have proved a formidable rival 1" And if Nell punished him for his speech afterwards, we are not going to tell tales ont of^eohool I 