THE MERCURY. BOBART: THURSDAY, FEB. IS, W6. EPITOME OF NEWS. Annual meeting of (ho hobart Benevolent Society this evening at 7.30. Annual meeting of Southern Law Society on the 20th inst. Prior Vaughan on Friday evening at the Town-hall. Cricket match, Geelong Bohemians v. Southern Tasmania, on Friday and Saturday. Annual meeting of subscribers New Town Public Library this evening. Nugget Carey,an escaped prisoner,was cap- tured at Devonport yesterday. Tasmanian Union Lodeo, members moot Masonic-hall, 7.30, to-night, vjabinet organ drawn for in St. Mary's schoolroom to-night Green Fonds Municipal Assessment Appeal Court, 27th inst., at Courthouse, Kempton. Marino Board tenders close on the 21st inst, for timber and ironwork required at reclamation works. The Royal Comic Opera Company will glvo their last performance in tbo Theatre Royal this evening. Boxing contest, West's Gymnasium, ColHns «treet, 8 o'clock to-nleht. Combatants, Deir, of Hobart, and Usher, of Molbourno. Taranna, s.S.. runs to New Norfolk. 9.15 a.m.' to-day. and Nubeena, s »., to Eaglehawk Neck, 8.45 a.m. Twenty-five thousand tailors on strike in Berlin. British South Africa Co. said to bave over £500,000 as cash reserve. Westport Coal Co., New Zealand, made last year a profit of £14,109. , Kain a little too much, if anything, in New South Wales. Bishop Anderson of Riverina duly installed yesterday. Tales of horror from West Australia and Now South Wales, Victorian Minister of Hallways proposes to expend £478,282 out of loans for various rail- way works. Eight hundred Victorian farmers apply to ihe Government for 65,0.0 bushels of seed wheat, House of Commons has adopted Address in-Keply to Speech at opening of Parlia- mentary sonaion. Lord Rosebery has denounced in scathing terms the supineness of tho British Govern- ment in reference to Armenia. J. J. Ferris plays as one of the South Australian team in next intercolonial cricket match. Narrow escapa from death by lightning, in a butcher's family In Queensland. Dog killed and boy burned. French capitalists, financed by the Busso Chinete Bank, are pushing on construction of railway through Manchuria. National Mortgage Company of New Zea- land made £7,237 profit during the half- year ending December 31 last. Transvaal gold Bold yield last month showed a decrtaso of £30,000. Mainly the effect of political disturbances. Argument proceeding in the Cape Parlia- ment as to the expediency of clipping the wings of the Chartered Co. Statue of the late John Bright unveiled at Westminster by Duko of Devonshire, who re- gretted loss of the late statesman's influence at present political juncture. French Government will release Waller, tho United StateB Consul, sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment, if claim for compensa- tion Is abandoned. United States Ambassador in London bas thanked Lord Salisbury for aid afforded the Venezuelan Commission. Lord Salisbury promise!) advance copies of the British caso for the further guidance of the Commission., New South Wales Premier awaits reply from Governor of Tasmania to invitation to be among the guests of the colony during Easter Exhibition of the Koyal Agricultural Society in Sydney. THE French method of managing colonies has lately been much dis- cussed in the French papers, because of a great dispute of certain dis- coveries of phosphates in Algeria. It seems that three concessions of terri- tory were made in 1S93 to persons who proposed to work their discoveries, which have been recently revoked, on the ground that they were not made by the proper authorities. The matter has been before the Chamber of Deputies in Paris, the papers have been full of reports of the discussions and comments on the facts, which latter have afforded the basis of many criticisms on the French colonial system. We do not propose to fol- low out the details of the case, as they would interest few persons here, but merely note some of the differences between the English and French systems, about which a great deal has been said of late in the French papers. We may mention, too, that there is a certain, though a distant, resemblancebetween whathas been done in Algeria, and what was attempted in these colonies at the time of the gold discoveries, which is not without its instructive lesson. The idea was that a very strict hand should be kept over the gold-diggers, who were openly called " vagabonds " by the old settlers, so that a monthly license was devised, without which no one was even allowed to be on a gold-field. The miners right of the present day, a document to whicli officials cling with a tenacity worthy of the French them- selves, is the surviving form of the old license, but without the rough and ready penalties which the want of the other used to entail. Diggers are not now chained to logs or hunted by troopers with drawn swords, but title is made to depend on the possession of a piece of paper which absolutely serves no useful purpose whatever. The abuse of the powers of the autho- rities led to the Eureka Stockade, which caused' a Gold Fields Commis- sion to be appointed, by which the discovery was made that the diggers were a loyal, orderly body of men, the best thing to do with whom was to let them aloneas much as possible. The dis- covery has also been made, that if we wish to promote the welfare of a country it is best to let people work in their own way, even when they are working to and gold and other metals and minerals. Now this, which appears to us ia these colonies to be an elementary truth, is what the French official mind is quite, unablo to understand. Its bxed determination is, to regulate everybody and everything, the result being, as most persons know, a remarkable con- trast between , the French and the English colonies. Indeed, the mind becomes bewildered when an attempt is made to ' understand the many jurisdictions in Algeria, which seem to puzzle even the experts, and they have, certainly, greatly troubled the deputies who have been discussing them. The point of this trouble about the phos- phates appears to be, that the conces- sions were not granted by the proper authority, but no one seems quite to know what is the proper authority, and so there is a very pretty quarrel, which promises to last a long time. To us it may serve as an object lesson in the noble art of how-not-to do-it, which does not come untimely. For, there is a growing tendency m these colonies to have the Government putting its finger into everybody's pie, especially when the working-men get their way. They have an idea that Governments can regulate things, can make matters better for them, which happens in nine cases out of ten to be a very grave mistake,'as they may learn from those pUceawhere Govern- ment« do' interfere with every kind of ( -s--?------I».1--«--I? industry. The moral is drawn by i Un Diplomate, who write* s in, L'Indépendance Belge, who points out that Algeria waa conquered about the time that Australia was really founded, and that one is advancing by leaps and bounds, whilst the other stagnates in bonds of a narrow and foolish officialism. j It is not often that we find the case put so strongly or so intelligently by a French writer,but in this instance he seems to be ouo who bus been about the world and has observed for himself. Possibly, he may bo a Belgian and not a Frenchman, but in any case he has something to say which should be valuable to conti- nental politicians, if only they could be induced to read and bo got to understand it. He says :-" ïf you go to Australia and discover some phosphates, you need not bo ashamed, of your discovery or bo afraid of the tribunals. The Eegistrar of the dis- trict will deliver you a title, and you will not have to discuss whether, in virtue of the Itoman Law the soil is res niiUius, res cujus, res nescio quid, res indigeno-m ixta, sive m ixto ? indígena, or if the signature of the lord who commands at Sydney or Melbourne is indispensable at one boundary, and can be dispensed with as soon as you pass a particular ditch. Australian land has hut one law, but it has one law." This refers, of course, to the many refinements of title that exist in Algeria and other French colonies, which seem to be the consequence of the officialdom that pervades all that is done or attempted. In Australia, says the writer, there are Parliaments which watch over the interests of all, and the primary force by which they are all moved is Liberty. This is the force, he concludes, which has de- veloped the great cities of Australasia, created colonies which contain more than a million, of people, and pro sent phenomena which are occupy- ing the attention of thiukers every- where. On the contrary, in Algeria by clinging- to the bureaucratic system of servitude, we see produced " a waste-paper mass of senattts consulta, of glozes, of exegeses, of codifications, of ordinances, of regula- tions, of mementoes, of documentary treaties, of indexes, of decrees, of judgments, of prescriptions, of dia- grams, of analytical tables, of inquiries of experts and counter inquiries, and a lot of riddles enough to bewilder anyone." ' . ? This is, no doubt, putting the case very strongly, but, after all, the facts may be said to be pretty fairly stated. The writer is, no doubt, ' correct in srying that the French colonies are ruined by over administration, so that industry is cramped, when not stifled altogether, as he shows by citing the condition of a number of places at the present time. He calls upon the French people¡to recognise that Liberty is the true parent of industry, and says : " Make the colonies for the colonists, make them masters of their destiny, tbe eldest suns of an ancient and venerable race." This is, of course, ex- cellent advice from an English point of view, but the question arises as to whether a French people could manage their own affairs as the Anglo-Saxon race does. Bring a couple of hundred Anglo-Saxons together in a wilderness and in twenty- four hours they will have a government in full swing, and law and order duly enforced, but can as much be said of the Latin races ? So far as our experience goes, they do not appear to have this faculty, and, therefore, there moy be a law of neces- sity which moulds the colonial rule of these nations, from which they cannot escape. However this may be, the British colonists will do well to learn from the experience of others that they cannot part with or trench upon that liberty of action which they possess, without danger to their industry as well as their freedom. England may be without a friend, as we are told so often, but, she is, certainly, not with- out many admirers, who envy whilst they admire. Tnu public inconveniences consequent on the cheese-paring policy of our present Premier and the official I iivariciousness of the Treasurer are almost daily becoming more aggravated. A few days ago it was found necessary, in this journal to draw attention to a glaring injustice-since rectified - orf the part ot the Taxes Department id connection with the income tax on' companies' dividends. On the occa-j sion of the s.s. Tambo's visit to Port Arthur on Tuesduy, yet another) instance of the Treasurer's grab-; all propensities was brought undor I notice disagreeable to at least a moiety of the passengers. The weather was | hot. and calculated to make thirsty, souls long for those refreshing beverages best pleasing to them. But no drinks other than temperance concoctions' were to be had, inquirers being in-1 formed that both the large intercolonial steamship companies in Hobart had re- cently been apprised by the Treasurer that thenceforward they would be re- quired to take out packet licences fur heir boats if they debit ed to bell beer or spiiituous liquors on the Tasmanian excursions, and the license had not been taken out. According to the strict letter of the law the Treasurer's action is justified, but the tact that hitherto these occasional excursion boats have not been required to take out licenses shows plainly that the law was meant to apply solely to coastal vessels trading regularly from one Tas- manian port to another. The cost of a packet license is £10, and as the Tambo makes but four or five pleasure trips in the year her owners conjidered it against their interest to pay the sum, especially in consideration of the fact that the gross takings at the bar for the last three.excursions did not reach £10. Hence, unless they take their own liquor on board, the public mostly visitors from the. other colonies -patronising these excursions, will be considerably inconvenienced, and the revenue of the colony will reap no benefit from the latest revenue-seeking move of the Treasurer ; a move which it would seem might very well have been left unmade. THE disturbances in the Transvaal assume rather a less important aspect as their details becorre more under- stood. Tim organised raid, under the protection and direction of the power- ful Chartered Company of British South Africa, becomes merely a fili- bustering expedition, headed by one of its servants, and this Mr. Cecil Rhodes has, it is said, been able to convince the Coloniul Office of, a process, it is to be hoped, he will be able to repeat as satisfactorily before the Courts of the country. The mistake Dr. Jameson . was guilty of in the attempt he mode to, correct and improve upon the ineffi- < ciency and tyranny of Boer rule, wag in ( the supposition that he would receive support from the people of Johannes- '. burg, or at any rate from tbo discon- tented portion of the citizons, a belief so strong that when firing was com- menced m the neighbourhood of the city the Jamoson following thought it WHS aid forthcoming from their ex- pected friends in the city itself, instead of being, as they soon found out to their cost^ a deadly fire from Maxim guns directed against them- selves. Dr. Jameson, who is spoken of by some ««ho served under lura in his rush expedition as a "splendid specimen of MI energetic, buoyant, and courageous Britisher, was evidently moved to the course bo took from feelings of sympathy with tho sufferers from the Kruger rule, but that he had the Company at his back there is now no vuliu^ reason to sup- pose. A bold policy in South Africa, bucked up by the Chartered Co.,_may even now do much to consolidate British influence there far beyond tho limits to which it has hitherto been extended. A change was wauled, and perhaps even the violent way in which it was brought about may not prove an unmixed evil in the long run. LORD HAMPDEX, in his speech at the Berry Agricultural Show, elaborated rather unnecessarily his decidedly limited views of the functions of an Australian Governor, and rode the "amiable nonentity" business literally to death. A little selfishness, is, how- ever, mixed in by way of novelty with His Lordship's pessimism, as he declines the benevolent and philanthropic standpoint which other Governors, equally modest and retiring in other respects, have nothesitated to mako a feature in their claim to public esteem. He dues so, too, on tho ground thal, if he responded to the appeals of this sort which may be made upon him, they would oeeupy the whole of his time, though be does not enlarge otherwise on the way that time js to bo em- ployed, unless the allusion to Cnisar's wife, as a model for¿coloniul Governors, may be taken to mean that he will sit at home and spin. As to education and agriculture, which His Lordship allows to havocluims uponhim. they may be said to bejfairly fixed, and tiley aro certainly not of more national importance than themanygravcprobloms of an industrial character which the new Governor might much more fitly have embodied in his programme, assistance in solving which, too, might have handed his name down to posterity in a fashion worth securing. Lord Hampden has missed his mark, and though, in fulfilment of his highest ideal, ho may " never say a foolish thing, and never do a wise one," it is to be hoped he svill not be known in later years by the rest of the quota- tion which his sentences so curiously fit into. The King, he must remember, who was also chronicled as on the safe side of speech and action, was sot down in addition as one upon whose word no man could rely in matters of state. _ Lord Hampden should beware of- this quicksand, though he has managed so soon after landing in elie mother-colony to strike a shoal of such magnificent wrecking qualities. TUB " MAIL" ILLUSTRATIONS.- If Mr. " in'-Clement Wragge, the Queensland meteorologist, were really responsible, as some simple people seem to suppose ho Is, for the prevailing weather, the subscribers to The Tasmaman Mail would this week have very serious causo of complaint against him for robbing thom lor a while of their racing pictures, illustrating the turf carnivals now so prominent in public affairs. The heat of the weather has so affeoted some of the materias with which the Mail artist carries out his work, that he has been unable to pro- ceed as usual, and the consequence is chat' the groups of portraits of officers and sup- porters ot the Tasmanian Turf Club instead of being issued on Saturday next, as was originally intended sod announced, ounnot be Issued until the following Saturday, February 22, whon, however, it is hoped some amends will be mailo by the publit'ation of an eight-pane double piotorial supple- ment, containing portrait groups of the T.R.O. officers and supporters, us «eil OB those of the T.Ï.C., together with snap- shots} taken ,on the Mowbray and Elwick courses during the summer carnival meet- ing», The illustrations are therefor« only postponed, and speoial orders Bent in will bo held to refer to the later issue, unless instructions are forwarded to a contrary effoat. Even this week, however, tho pioture pages will not be altogether baro, containing, sa they will, a fine " Tainui," panel pioturo of tho theatrical king, Mr. J. G. Williamson, to whoso entcrpiisu wu awe the present visit of the opera company to the Hobart Theatre Royal, a picture bust of the very Kev, Prior Vaughan, whoto mis- sionary appeals are now being made in Hobart, a capital photogruph of an old timu Tasmanian sport-man, Sir Richard Dry, and a view of a very sinking character of H.M.S. Dart, as recently undergoing ro pairs on Kennedy's patent slip, nt Huttory Point, Sir Richard Dry's pioturo was kindly lent by that veteran sportsman, the Umi. Thomas Boiboy, M.K.C., of b'ntally, and will be very interetting at the present dny, t coming as it did from Mr. Charlot) A. Woolley'« Macquurlc-sticot studio. Tno Dart pioturo is one of Mr. T., (.'rauf oí d's,1 Murray.strect. TUB TaEASunuB AND TUB VVEST COAST. -In fulûimi'iit of bin promise, the Troaeurer (Sir Philip Fysh) leaves for the West Coast to-morrow. Ho intends viilting tbe Mount Lyell, Zeehan, aud Dundas diatriots. and will be absout from town about a fortnight. ' HOBART ELECTORAL REVISION CODKT.-A court for tho revision of tho Wot Hobart, North Hobart, South Hobart, and Hobart electoral rolls wan hold at tho Mayor's Court room yesterday morning, the following justices of the peace being present-Alder- men O. 8, Seabrook und Win. Smith ; MCPS e. Clins. Harbottle, H. Chesterman, Geo. Kerr, B. Mather, J. W. Johnson, ami J. O'Boyle. Tho Town Clerk (Mr. W. 'J', liirch) apologised for the absenco of tho Returning Officer (His Worship the Mayor), and Mr. Chus. Harbottle was voted lo the chair. Tho Town Clerk presented the rolls for the above districts, and a certificat» of their correctness, and the same were, on the motion of Alderman Smith, seconded by Alderman Seabrook, agreed to as printed. Tho following figures show the alterations which ha?e been made ¡-West Hobart Number on roll before revision, 1,705 ; uumber struck off, 305 ; number added, 531 ; number ou roll after revision, 1,071 ; de uteisi-, 34. North Hobirt-Before revision, 1,736 ; btiuckoff, 631 ; added, 515 ; number after revision, 1,720 ; decrease, 10. South Hobart-Before revision, 1,302 ; struck off, 411; added, 462 j number after revision, 1,403; increase, 41. Hobart-Before re- vision, 1,182; struck off, 60; added, 52; pumber after revision, 1,168 ; decrease, 14. IXL JAMS aro the best any grocor can stock. JOHANNESBURG.-A correspondent, writ- ing from Johannesburg on January 10,1896, s*ys :-" Advise workmen who are about to viait this 'golden city for employment to postpone their start till things are finally settled by the Imperial Uoverqroent, as all works are stopped and at a standstill. I have noticed several Tasmanian! on police duties receiving £1 prr day, patrolling the principal streets,, etc. The Australian Corps were a fine body of men ; they all knew their drill, and the mounted, some 2C0 strong, no doubt would have given a good aooount'- of themselves io the oot/flict. There were SOO enrolled in the Australian Corps. Irish Corps, 400 men enrolled (drum and fife band) ; Scotch, 1,800 men ; Cornish and Lancashire, 400 men ; Afrikan- ders, 2,000 strong, a very determined race of men ; and others too numerous to mention. The Reform Committee had 20000 men enrolled, but had none of them ready at the critical moment." ALL SAINTS' Cmmcii.-It Is announotd that a special musical serrioe ii to be given by the All Saints' Choir next Sunday evening, including Mendelssohn's " Hear my Prayer ' and Gounod's " O sing to God." Both those compositions are very popular choral work*, i the Utter ha\ing only once btfore been given ht-ro, when it was produced by the Orohes rat Union. The choir is noted for its efficiency in the rendering of ohuroh muslo, and the oratorio works produced at this church from time to time have been very acceptably rendered. The colleotlou is to be for the choir HIGH Cuas JAMS, JELUER. ETC.-W. D. PEACOCK ft 00. wars- awarded two gold medals Tasmanian International Exhibition lB<M-5-First Otdsr of Merit Silver Medal Brisbane, 1805-Flrst special prise Hobart Horticultural .»ocistt't Show 180» Tau Cascad* MottlM ii* wins high1 ap- pro*»! asaoBgvMto" fro« tvwy ella* Val***,' VU, JEM. Oh JAM, Cuy "POLICE Cotrnr.- BL fore Mr It HI... 8.M., ami Mr. H. Cook, J.P., .¿'¿T Mary Sheppard and Francis Willi«,, J¿¡ each fined 30t. for mlaoontlucting thcnieelul In Murray-street. Tho oasu wai heirf!. }>artc. Moses Whnrmby wat fined £1 JJ ousts for allowing Calif,.mian thistles ti bloom on his land at New Town. A breech of the Lotteries Act will be found reported elsewhere. A CONSULTATION PROSECUTION,-At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr.R. Shaw, S.M.. and Mr. H. Cook, J.P., Harold Benson pleaded guilty to a breach of the Lotteries Act, 42 Vict., No. 17. Superintendent Pedder stated that defend- ant issued 25,000 shares of 5s. each in Hobart for the Newmarket Handicap. He was duly paid for tickets purchased, some of whioli wore produced. Tho ubject oi 11» prot-eciiMou was io prevent, if possible, ibt ouriying out of lotteries ot this cherict« lie aid not know whether def rndsnl'iloMt» ,vas A bona fide, one or not, but the act says :-" livery person printing, uxhibitbu ur publishing, or causing to bo printed^ exhibited, or published, any placara, hiad bill, card, writing, sign, cr advcrtlsemtit of »ny lottery, or c.f any proposal for tt, lut toi y, shall forfeit for each offence » m¿ not cxoeeding£C0." Ho took it that UM ubject of the Act waa to prevent bogue dis- tributions of money. Whether lk-cson'i consultation was of a fraudulent durstig he (Stipoiintondent Pedder) waa not pn parod to say, but he took it mat the Act bul been broken by the more publication of the handbill (produce)). Bcnsnti : My comal. talion is » bona JUIe one. I have bees tit years in Brisbane, and my consultation wss tho first started hero While in Bilsbtnel received no complaints of the conduct oltnj busiuoes. Superintendent, Pedder : I do Dot pi ess fur a heavy penalty, Your Worship^ but of o.iurse thut ia a mutti r whioli »ffi rest nntiroly with yoursolvce. Mr. Shs*: The law ia this ouuntry ÍB quite clear on tis subject of lotteries, It is illegal to Hut tint) unytliing of the kind, and those wbed» so render themselves liable to a penalty of £,">0. Wo fool' tt incumbout upon ni t» tttmoi vc our uuth to administer tho law, sod aro.conriuced th'it » emull penalty will not meet the mee. Wu lino defeu mut £20, sad order him to pay costs, io default thies months. BITTEN BV A BMAKK.-Walter Piggott, a youug larmer from the Dionicdary, wai id, niittod to the hospital yesterday tuaeriu from niikebite. Ho wa« in u critical condT tion when admitted by Dr. McGowan (l)r, Sprott'a íocuíii rnitii«), but late last nlshi u'na processing uatiafaotorily towards tt. eovoiy, and was out of danger. It would appear that Piggott was after a rabbit wblgi ho saw disappear in a hollow log. He pat li» lund in to withdraw tbo rodent, nut felt i enalto instead. He experienced a ihup twinge of pain, and found two punotuiuci his bund. Soon after he telo very flint, bal assistance waa at bund, and tho wound wu scarified, and a ligature promptly applied. Piggott also took some Underwood's uti. dote, and he stated that he folt muob better afterwards. Tho spcuies of the snake wold not bo learned, as tho sufloier wes too Dich concerned about himself to InvestlgiU further. MEMORIAL CONOBKQATIONAL CHUMS SONJBAV . SCHOOLS. - The Kriabine-itre«, Berea, and Battery Poiut schools held theil annual picnic at Bellerive yesterday, Ike children and teachers (about 400) crowd tim rivtr at 10.30 o'clock und returned about 5,30, aiid for this poitionofthc treat they wore indebted to Captain Taylor, ol the p.s. Kangaroo, who kinuly conveyed th» schools to and fro freu of cost. The tent was pitched in the recreation-ground, by permission of Mts. Mautn, uud tho tsc uieals provided by the liberality ot Mr, J. G. Parker, who at all times evinces s wsra» and praotical intetest in these sohoole, sen tnucti enjoyed. Tho customary games «tere heartily entered iutn, and the childre» testified their thanka at the clone ol theda; by a round of oheets to tho friend« who hil BO kindly ontert»iuod them. A NAVAL PIONIO AND KKUNION.-Yester- day the ohief petty oflkers of the BriUsb. warships in port termiouted their sojourn ii Hobart by a pionio, and dioner in the etta ing. About CO officers luit fur the Fern Tree in tho ' morning, purposing to return to Hobart by way ef Ringa ton, but on reachlti, tho orowu of thu Huoti-road it waa found that the weather waa too foggy to alls» of ull the beauties of the drwo to be Men, Accordingly the party stayed at the Fen Tree Inn for refreshment, a visit wai paid, to ttiu Bower, and afterwards thu excar sionista drove a fen" miles aiung the Hoon road, returning to the Pera Tree for lun- cheon. Here a very merry time wai spout. Ac 7 30 p.m. the putty left for Hobart, arnviug at 0. Dinner was served ut the Carlton Club Hotel, Mr. Munn, of tho Urlaudo, and Mi, Madden of the Kiogurooma, being chairman and vitie-chuirmau respectively, ¿fur dinner, which was capitally served by Holt Cherry, tho ofliaers, " uvcr the walnut! ud witto," speut a very enjoyable hour or n iu harmony. The toast of " Tho.Queenud Hoyal Family," proposed by the Ciiairmiu, wus drunk with t-nthiisiaein, all présent singing the National Anthem. The Vloe Cliuirmau proposed "Admiral Bridge and the oflicerB of U.M. ships u> port," which was drunk with musics! honours. " Sweethearts und wives" ud! " Absent friends " weie also not forgotten. Tho pionio is believed to be the first of ii» kind among chief petty officers on tho Aus- tralian Station, und wus organised with a. view to bringing that brunch of the service into closer social coinmu'ii.uiiou. Mr, Munn wus both secretary and troasurer, and tho labours were considerably lightened by tho holp of a buaineas-like committee, th» membeiB of which were selected from every venael In port. 'lim ROYAL COMIC OÏEUA COMI'AKY, The Theatre Hoy al was fllloii in ovcrypirt Ust evouiug with a joyful, enthusiastic, holiday »udlencc, and tho peri m mines of The Old Guard ny tho Boyal Comic OpenCo, afforded all infinite delight. Ktiuores were numerous. Mies May Pollard on sieging. " Lowly Lass " had to submit to a donble encore, and Miss Nina Osborn« in her song, "March Away,1'received quite an ovation. Indeed, the audiences Been» to grow more cnth.ueio.ntic nightly. Mr. L.iuri hae a long. and nn infinitely amusing pirfc to play as the Mayor, and he indulged tho house with hil' gag to tho height of their bent. To-night li tho last of tho season. A grand double bill will bo presented, consisting of The Vitar of Bray, and the second aot of In Town. Ibis will tie the last chance Hobart theatregoer« will have of witnessing tho performance of tho preieut talented company, MDLLE. THEBKLLI'S CONCERT.-Arr&ngt.; monts for the concert to be- given by Mdlle, Trebelli on Monday evening next are now oompleted, and the programme, whiob ila» excellent one, will be issued this morning.. Mdlle Trebelli will be assisted hy Mr*. Benson, Mise Allison, Mr. Spencer BrowneUy Mr. iT. Julian Haywood, Mr. Molntyre, and Mr. Bradshaw Major, who will abo play the accompaniments. His h'xcellenof theGovernorann theViicountess tiormsnito» have intimated their iuteution of being, present, and we anticipate a numerous ano fashionable audience. Seats may be second' a'. iValob's RECOGNITION.- Mrs, Miller, cook »Mb» Federal Coffee Pslaoe in Murray-street, whr> reoently, with admirable presence of mind, put out a fire in some stables at the rear cl the building, and saved a horse from burn- ing, has reoelved recognition of her good services. ' Messrs. Burgess Brothers, igen» for the Cornwall Iusursnoe Co,, who bold a risk on the property, have sent Mr», Miller a £1 note. ' FIRE AT THE Don_The sawmill, s«*»* Denten' shop, engineering building, it*.,' belonging to the Don, Trading Co. wir* destroyed by fire st an early hour on Tan day morning. Fortunately there was virf little wind at the time, or the whole of to* surrounding buildings wonld have been oon Bjmod. The origin of the fire is unknown. Tho sawmill, which had been erected by th» < ompany on the site of the mill previously destioyed by fire, wes connected with B*t* riogton by a tramway. ?: ,', ,rw. D. PEACOCK ft Co. are buy«*J» Greengages, Golden Drops, and Egg Pitts»' at Highest Kates," MACQUARIE PLAINS SPORTS-On Satur- day next the Macquarie Plains annual parish picnic and athletic sports will take place, beginning at 1pm. At 2pm Dr. E. L. Crowther, M H.A., lays the found- tion stone of a new parsonage. Last June I ick Crawford brought W» twelvemonths-old child, »offering from in- fantile diarrhov, to me. It had be'nwejo*» at four months old and bad alway» &..» siokly. I gave it th» nmal treatment » luck cases but without benefit The oMW kept growing thinner until it weighed W» little more than when boro, or peinsp» JJ» pounds. I then started the fatlur to gi««! Chamberlain'» Collo, Cnolew.and Diarrbo» Remedy Before one bottl» bad been «J» a marked improvement was seen, anajsr continued use cured the obild It» W*~J net» and puny constitution di»»ppe»r»d> *5? its father aod myself b»ll*ve the childs «B» was »aved by this remedy. J. T. MARLOW« M.D., Tamaroa, Iib For sal* by all deal*» A. P, Miller, Looal Agent Hstton «. Uws, General s\g*nts. LaanowtOB. n ,ltA TOT Kxosllsnosoftb* Nsw Br*vsof BoWfl¿ tool OsvoatWBrsrsrsfyOo. U . .»*"? public ___....,. _" IXL ¿AIM, IZIi «TM» Itt-r i L. m "wnoniiiTtNa FOB THE NAVY.-A roturn uTbSen prepared of the lad. «omite«, for *£. NJVV by the cruiser Northampton during £î oruleo round the oo.its of England, l!.Isn.l. aud Scotland. It appears then, .Em that upwards of 1,100 youths wero «Ustei Irelain<1 roipondod very fairly, tartha visits to the Soottisb poits wcro ÄÄ "«productive. The south of Sogland yielded by far the greatost propor «loo of recruits. A MAN OF MAHK.-The membor for W.lr.rapa (Now Zealand). Mr. Buchanan. »Til» rather a good story against him.elf. lately («ays an exchange) ho was travelling ' on the H»wko'a Bay railways, and had not with him the ..old ticket which dr-notes that bÉ-ina a legislator ho was entiled to a free- dom of tho line... So, as th« guard waa a new hand, and did not know him uereqnally, he introduced himself, but intlmuted that if it happened that there was no one else on the cara whom he could a»k to vouch for his «entity ho would pay up liko one ol the nrdiua.y rank-au.i-fiie electors. This was .Wed to. Along »ho line the gu ¡rrl oan.« back to him beaming with satisfaction. ..It's all rljjht, sir," ho gleefully explained ; Mr. Girvev tolls me he knows you well. N.B.: Mr. Oarvoy Is uovernor of the Wei Jjoaton gaol. , VVOBD COINAOE.-Tho latest word coined fa the mint ol the English language ami which bids fair to have an everUstii.g eurrenoy Is the wird "slump. Hore is a MDtence from a receut literary speech by Frankfort Moore, the noveli-t : "but just now I venturo to think there is a 'slump' in neurotlo women, and I do not think the stock will reoovor oven though it should receive the pcraon*l guarantee of an eminent South African Englishman of Italian descent." In other word», the public fauoy fnr tho sex novel is hopelessly gone, and all thi" money of Barney Barnato wouldn't rotor« it to It» original vitality. A slump, then, is tha oppoiiU of a bourn. There is a loom in South African mining stock, and a slump, say, in West Australian. When bo >ui waa invented slump became a neces- sity ; it supplied what ia called a .. long . felt want." A boom trans- cends a " rise " to such an extent that something wa» necessary to niark ft deeper and more pronounced denount than is implied in tho word " fall." I It took olong timo tu disolver "slump," but now wo'i o gut it it ia a prizo. It m.irks sn advanco in articulation, completes and rouDdft oil, ns it were, a whole set of ideas ia common uso. There is much stronger, or st least older, philological authority for slump than tor boom. Boom is a meru imitative word-tho i our of a otnnon sud- denly brinks tin stillness, and wo cull it a h-o-o-m, in an a-tempt to imitate the sound. Uenoo a sudden fUre up in anything. ¿Hump, on the other hand, Is au uucionr word for bog or quagmire, and when you »tump you suddenly drop Into A bog ovei the surface of which you had previously been wulking You "go flop," sa itwero; bu< flop is a mero corruption of flip, and the exprieeinn is altogether too clumsy for use, fceiidr» the fact that it won't bear th« wright of meaning that slump will, ¡Dunedin Star. ' HAMS STREETS. - A curious »orlos of statistics establishes the valu» of the refuse of tho Paris streets. Th» figures seem in- credible, and show that the rag-piokeiB di-* «Hrgo a duty of primary importance, i Working at night, busy under the gas light« with hook and panier, the value of what they collect is estimated at £2,000 eaoh day. A'surrdly one half the world doe» not know how the other half lives. Of course, tho »mlitiona of Paris life are exceptional, J Population is very alone ; the tall houses uro crammed with Inhabitants J there aro no gardens, as with us - there aro but the houses and the stieets. The Parisians liuvo a way of emptying »II, kinds of lumber and refuse into the streols and then the rag-pickers gather in their harvest. A use is round tor everything, and metamorphosis never ceases. All the details are intnrentiug, though some .re rather disturbing. Bog», of course, gn lo make paper ; brokon glass ia pounded, and serves as the coating for sand or emery piper ; bonoB, niter the process of oleaning and cutting down, serve to mtko nail- brushes, tooth-breshes, and fancy buttons ; little witps of women's huir are carefully nnravelled, und do duty for false hair by- and-by. Men's hair uollootrd outside tho barbers' serves for filters through whioh syrups are strained ; bits ol sponge are out np and used for spirit lampB ; bits of bread, if dirty, are toastod and grated, and sold to the restaurants for spreading on hams or outlets ; sometimes they aro carbonized and mado Inti tooth powder, ¡jardine boxes are cut up luto tin a tldters or Into sockets for candlestioks. A silk hat has a whole, chapter of adventures ' in store for it. All this work employs a | regiment of rag-pickers numbering oloee on | SO 0U0, and each earning from Is 8d to 2t. (Id. a day. With all tho wonders of our rea cities we have nothing quita like this. ANOTHKH GHOST GONE WBONQ. - Tho exposure of Mrs. Moilun in Australia has been fol'nwod up by a similar episode in New York, in whioh " Doctor" Henry Kogers has ooma a " tamal cropper," His spirit turned, BO to speak, Queen s uvidouoe, and described how she, a poor lona widdcr, willi three starving children, accepted with alacrity tho doctor's sugeostion that she should become a spirit ar, Sdol. a tomeo, Kngtrs gave, hie exhibitions in a Hit, into | whioh Mrs. Chadwick used to enter aftir all | the visitors hud arrived, pausing through the hall into a smaller room adjoining tho cubiuet, whe.ro sho effected the necessary metamorphosis. Her duties were not licht.for she had to represent spirits of both »exes, fur which puiposo tho dootor provided an ample array of wigs, moustaohes, and whhkors. Eventually Rogers wa» bowled out by an enterprising pressman, who forced ilia way into the doctor's cabinot. The '"dootor," who was supposed to be io a tr.incc, carno to with starillng rapidity, and attacked the journalist with a hatchet, but was overpowerod by the pressman's col- le iguca. The funny part of the busiuess is Hut several spiritualists have written to think the editor of the newspaper on which Hi'- Journalist is employed for his ser- vice» in exposing the impostor. These good propio have known for years that KogetB was a fraud (so they suy), but never made the slightest attempt to unmask him, nor did they publicly deuouueo him in any way until ho waa found nut. They were, on tim contrary, quite willing to receive the converts mudo by his tnokery into their ?ooioty. 