i A WARRANT FOR YOUR APPREHENSION. } [A Sermon by 0 H. Spurgeon.] a " The word of the Lord is against you." Zephaniah ii. 5. I am quite sure that " the word of the Lord" is against some of you, because you are against the word of the Lord. There is war between you and this wonderful Book. You do not enjoy the reading of it may, perhaps you have come even to hate it. You oppose it possibly you every wish there were no Bible. Perhaps you have been drinking in theories of inspiration that make it to be practically no Bible ; deposing it from its rightful position as a full and authoritative guide in all matters of faith and practice. If you do not accept it as such you are against it. If this is true of you, 1 roar that it is because you do not understand the Bible. God's word carries within itself the evidence of its truth. It teaches men who are not encased in prejudice, and enlightens those who will open their eyes to see. You cannot be against it unless you have a clear suspicion that it is against you. The fact is the Bible does not please you ; it does not let you can with impunity ; it presents to you a way of salvation that does not pander to your pride, or flatter your intellect. Therefore, you do not like the Book, "The word of the Lord is against you." Now, be you sure of this, that if you are against the word of the Lord, it is because the word of the Lord is against you. And truly the word of the Lord must be against you, for it must be against sin, and you delight in sin. if you live in sin, and love sin-, should God send you a book to pacify your conscience in such a state? If that which is unjust, in- temperate, and nobody is hidden in your heart, and is practised in your life, would you expect the Holy Spirit to write a book to eleven on in such a way as that? It is blasphemy to think that it could be so. This book must be against some of you because you have refused Christ. God has given His dear Son to die to save man. He has appointed the one way of salvation to be through faith in the precious blood of Christ. If you will not have the appointed way, if you refuse the ordained Siviour, this book may well quarrel with you, for you quarrel with God. What the blood of His dear Son given to redeem, and yet you re- ject it! Mercy dressed in crimson to save [ you, and yet you fly from it I Love incarnate in a bleeding Saviour, and yet you spurn it Perhaps you imagine that you are good enough to be saved without Christ ; but what infamous pride this is on the part of a poor sinful worm of the dust. It is a terrible position, again, to have the word of the Lord against you, because it cannot be escaped. You may get away from the Queen's writ by flying to the Continent, you may escape a warrant of arrest by fleeing to certain countries, though I scarcely know where you can now go to; but how can you escape from the word of God? That word changed chaos into order that word came into the thick darkness, and there was light. " He spake, and it was done The word of the Lord can come into your bed-chamber. If you journey to the ends of the earth the word of God can find you out, even though you never read it. It can reach you even if you should become a seven-fold infidel. You cannot change the threatening by disbelieving it, nor escape the vengeance by professing that there is no such thing. The Psalmist's word about God's omnipresence apply also to the word of the Lord, " Whither shall I go from Thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from Thy presence? If I ascend up into Heaven, Thou art there. If I make my bed in hall, behold, Thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall Thy hand lead me, and Thy right hand shall hold me." The word of the Lord is everywhere, it cannot be escaped. Furthermore it is a terrible thing to have the word of the Lord against you, for it can- not be resisted. If a man be against you, you can fight it out with him. You may oppose force to force, and cunning to cunning ; but it the word of the Lord be against you, what power have you? By His word were the heavens made by His word the heavens and the earth shall pass away and be dissolved. How canst thou fight against the word of God? I have been accused sometimes of picturing the wrath to come in too horrible a way ; but I have never described it more sternly than Christ Himself did. It was His gentle lips that declared, '"I These shall go away into everlasting punishment." It was He who spoke of a place where their worm dieth not, and the fire is not quenched." It was He who uttered the must awful words about the wrath to come. I pray you, do not wish to know, in your own experience, all that " the wrath to come " may mean. Flee from it. Seek rather to know what salvation moans, and God help you to obtain it even now I It I am addressing any person who feels that the word of God is against him, I do beseech and conjure him not to rest any longer in that condition. If thou hast a quarrel with God's word, thou art wrong : God's word cannot be in error. If the word of God offends you, you must be offended : or, rather, you have offended against it it will never beg your pardon, you must beg its pardon : or, rather, seek forgiveness from the Lord Whose word is against you, and Who Has Him self also against you. Said I not truly, that when " the word of the Lord is against you." it is a terrible thing ? If that is your position, may it soon be changed ? I think that the first thing to be done, if you would escape out of this direful position, is to confess that you are wrong There is a writ out against you. You have run away from it. Come home ; submit yourself to the court ; be willing to be put under arrest. There is no other right course. I know one who, being charged with am bezzlement, fled the country. He still has to keep away. If he had submitted himself to whatever punishment might have come upon him, he would have passed through it long ago. But now he still remains under the censure of the law, and cannot return. Now, you runaway from God, come home at once. Sinner, against whom the Lord has issued His warrant, yield yourself to the officer of divine i us tree at this moment I You need not move from your present position ; but just where you are, humbly whisper in your heart, " Lord, I am guilty I submit to Thy word, whatever Thy word says is true, and I will no longer U ¿ht against it; but here, bowing my head, I confess that the wrong is with me, not with 'I by word. I confess that. Have you made this confession? Then it is well for if the word of the Lord is against you," your only hope lies in taking the side of the word of the Lord, and being against yourself. But when a man gives himself up to justice, he has next to stand his trial, is " the word of the Lord is against you," it is against you in yotirpresont position, and in your present character and you must change your position. Come, then, and escape the hostility of the word of the Lord by altering your attitude towards it. If you have loved son, repent and kate it. May God the Holy Ghost work in you a loathing of the evil thing which the word condemns for when you are no longer a sin-lover, but a sin leather, the word that was against you will be for you ! God has no thunderbolts for those who have their sins. If your soul and sin be divorced, your soul and mercy may be married ; but not otherwise. When thou dost give up thy sin, God will give up His suit against thee. If thou turn not. He will whet His sword . but if thou turn, He will sheath that sword, and speak comfortably unto thee. Another change must take place. Thou must no longer stand in thyself, but in another. The word of the Lord is against thee'; but what if thou couldst change places with another, on whose side the word of the Lord is, and in whom thou could law- fully and rightfully stand? What it Christ stood in thy place, and thou shouldst stand in Christ's place? Then this word would not condemn thee, but it would acquit thee and more than that, it would defend them against all thy adversaries. Behold a miracle of mercy ! Christ Jesus, the innocent Son of God, dies for the guilty sons of men, that they may be covered with His righteous- ness, and accepted in His name. This is the pith and marrow of the gospel : "I stand in Christ's place because He stood in mine. The law cannot be against Him for He fulfilled it, and made it honourable." One more thing, and I have done. If to have the word of God against you is an overwhelming calamity, how happy are they who have the word of the Lord with them. I have heard of a man and his wife who became possessed of a copy of the Scriptures, of which they had never seen one before. The man began to read it, and one night, as he sat beside the fire with the open book, he said, '. Wife, if this book is right, we are wrong." He continued reading, and a few days afterwards he said, " Wife, if this book is right, we are lost." More eager now than ever to see what the word of the Lord was, he studied the book until one night he joyfully exclaimed, Wife, if this book is true, we are saved." The same word that showed them that they were undone revealed also the gospel of salvation. This is the glory of the word of God ; it is against us until it leads us out of our sins, and then we find that death becomes the gate of life to our souls, and the word of God is on our side The same word that reveals the terrors of the Lord also says, " He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life." I believe on the Son of God as my Saviour, therefore I have everlasting life. The word of the Lord is now for roo, and nsHUrns my deliverance. It further says, " God sent not His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him instant he saved." When I read this my heart sings for joy, for the word which was against me now justifies me. This is the sum of the whole matter. Come just as you are, and trust Christ as your Saviour. Leave your sin, and seek after holiness. Have done with your own wilfulness, and seek the meek and lowly mind that' was in the Man of Sorrows. 