SPORTING SHOTS. RACES TO COME. August. 15,22. A.R.C. Grand Nation ! Meeting. September. 1, 5. S.A.J.C, Spring Meeting. Nomina tions, August 10; weights, August 24 and September 2 ; acceptances, August 27 and September 4. | fThe opening day of the A.R.C. Grand National Meeting was favored with fine weather, and a large attend ance was the result. The racing was quite up to expectations, and the arrangements made by Mr. Heseltine and his Committee for the conducting of the afternoon's proceedings and the comfort of their patrons was every thing that could be desired. Eluree, ridden by Foon, scored an easy win in the Welter Handicap, the favorite, Supposition, finishing fourth. Nackara and Staffa filled the places. Thirteen went to the post for the Grand National Hurdle Race, and Black Flag was picked by backers as the most likely to prove the winner, with Conventioner and Flood bird the next two best supported. The result proved their judgment to be pretty correct, the three favorites filling the places, Conventioner and Flood bird finishing in front of Black Fiag. Nalpa led the field for about two miles, but when challenged by Conventioner and Floodbird he was unable to offer any resistance, and the chesnut horse came away and won very easily. Radiant smashed into a post and injured him self so severely that he died from the effects, and * Ensign and The Goose fell. C. Quinn scored his sixth win in the Fulham Park Plate on Security, by Padlock—Queen Eliza. The winner simply ran away from the rest of the field. Foon, who had the mount on Smithereens, is the only jockey besides Quinn who has been successful in this race since 1890, he having won on The Gardener .in 1892 and on Alveary two years later. Staffa won the Lightning Handicap by a length from My Novel, who just defeated Doubloon. Nomadic, the favorite, finished fourth. Three out of the seven starters in the Selling Steeplechase came down, and the race finished up in a contest between Young Lucifer and Sir George, in which the former proved his supe riority, and the manner in which he negotiated the timber and galloped in this race should cause the supporters of the favorites in the big Steeplechase on Saturday a bit of anxiety. Conse quence was going well when he came to grief at the last fence. Port Admiral gave Kirkby 7 lb. and a beating in the Buxton Handicap, the favorite, Yiking, finishing fourth, making the fourth first favorite that finished in that position during the afternoon. The meeting will be concluded on Saturday next. The six events to be run off are the Selling Race, Second Hurdle Race, Mayor's Mile, Steeple chase, Dequetteville Stakes, and Cor poration Stakes. The declaration of the selling allowance will make a difference to the chances of some of the horses engaged in the first race. As at present weighted they should run— Supposition ... ... 1 Doubloon 2 Conscript 3 In the Second Hurdle Race, two miles, there are twenty-five horses engaged. Simulator and Conventioner are top of the list with 11 st. 12 lb each, but the former is not likely to have sufficiently recovered from the effects of ~his Melbourne trip to be dangerous. Conventioner won both his races here very easily, but the extra 15 lb. more which he is asked to carry than when he won on Saturday will give some of those below him on the list a chance to fight out the finish with him. Floodbird, 10 st. 13 lb., has only 6 lb. more to carry than he ran second with on Saturday, and he meets Conventioner on 9 lb. better terms. Nalp*, 10 st. 3 lb., and the Golden King ran well in the Grand National up to two miles. Gaillardia, 9 st. 9 lb., ran second to Conventioner last month, the latter conceding him 10 lb. This time there is a difference of 2 st. 3 lb. First Bolt or The Goose are fast enough to create a surprise. From one of those mentioned the winner should come, and the places may be filled by— Nalpa ... ... ... 1 The Golden King ... ... 2 Conventioner or Floodbird 3 The Mayor's Mile may result as follows— Nomadic 1 Pitchery ... ... 2 Nackara ... ... 3 In the Steeplechase Black Flag, 12 st. 7 lb., has got too much weight for a beginner at the game, and he does not take kindly to the big 'uns. Banjo's performance at Caulfield on top of his two wins here is a good recommenda tion. All Fou^s is likely to go to the post in better condition than she has been in for some time, and if McGowan rides her this mare will probably start favorite. Cataract, Woodfield, Juliet, and Taradale are all winners over the big fences. The Ghost has a reputa tion, but so far the Adelaide racing people have not had a chance to gauge his capabilities. Doric, 10 st., reads as well as anything in the race. He is fast, can stay the distance, and is very well just now. Confidence is kept plodding along on the training tracks, but is not likely to distinguish himself in a fast run three mile race. Young Lucifer, 9 st. 3 lb., is the pick of the rest. If he jumps as cleanly as he did on Saturday the South-E astern people have a good chance of landing the double. Qu.z's selection is— Doric or Banjo ... 1 All Fours ... ... 2 Young Lucifer ... 3 The Dequetteville Stakes may be won by Taliesin or Security. The places in the Corporation Stakes may be filled by— Thunderer ... ... 1 Helena... 2 v Hear Hear ... ... 3 Acceptances for the above events must be in by 4 o'clock this (Thursday) afternoon. 