Trentham Ridin«r Election MK.^. i'.'lioiSICRS AT TBEKTHAM. On Thursday evening, Mr Ho^crs, one of I the candidates for the representation of the Trentham Biding, addressed ti meeting of 1 about 150 persons in the 'Mechanics' haU, Trentham.", "Mr Carter, óceupiod the ch.iir. on the motion of Mr lingers. " . Mr Rogers said that most ot (hose' present were aware that ti -compronuse or withdrawal of either himself or Dr Sleeraati hsld been snggestcil. On consult mghis snpportcrg they woidd not consent to his <Mr Eogcrć) withdrawal,": because' tbev 'thought tJiere was trickery and insincerity on the other side in order to iuduce him to. re tire, as DrSlccman's oomination, he found, was lodged at the time: (lieovertures were made., They represented that it would be to jthe Interest of the town if one candidate withdrew. The way to speU towii in this inBtance wBS c-l-i-tj-u-e. (Cheers and laughter.) Tliis clique could be -the fingers of .. the, .right "„C3iUlanu«i r3 _ icople to vote for .him. snth A watchful cye.ćonld sec" that. One gentleman had done all "he could to injure him (the speaker) in .every shape or form, and if that slanderer was in the room —be bolted he was—he (Mr Sogers) would sit upon him as he deserved to be. Certain •can v.ossers stooped to all sorts of tricks. Two men from Trentham called at a ccrtain hotel in canvassing, and Dr Slccman his asked if an accident happened, such as a man cutting his foot.with an axe, what was to happen him and his family if the doctor was in liyneton at a council meeting. Dr Slecman replied that be had a horse that would bring him from Kyncton in an liour. Mr W. 3. Anderson; That is only hearsay and not evidence. Mr Barnes: Tell us about shire matters. Wc don't want to hear that Cries of " Order" and " Sit down." Mr Bogere again made personal references to Dr Slecmas, and the latter gentleman rose evidently to a point of order and just addressed the chair, when he either desisted or was induced todesist. Mr Bogers'" personal references to Dr Sleemati met witii disapproval. He said that as they wanted shire matters they would get them, and he hoped their councillors were present to hear what he had to say. The last time he was "before them they preferred Mr Newton to himself. He noticed Mr Newton was ' not- complimented as president last council day. Did Mr Newton do anything for them while be was in(Mr Barnes: Yes, made a Cool of himself. Laughter). Mr Newton was elevated tothe president's chair because Cr Watson proposed him instead of Cr O'Brien. (Mr Newton: It's a lie). Some of them knew what election sops meant. The road leading to Mrs Murphy's and the road leading to Garlicks were now being attended to as sops, instead of when they should have been. For some time past they appeared to be represented-by Gr Watson, who appeared to-.be supreme and-to do as he liked. If elccted he (MfTtogers) would be independent and do what he thought was Tight. The revision court needed looking after. Mr Franzkie's name appeared on the roll instead of his wife's, though both Crs Watson and Newton knew perfectly well that he was dead. Mr Newton : Propernotice was not sent in (a remarkwhich caused considerableliooting). The work in connection with the repairs of Endcra" bridge had been let to a friend of the councillors instead of being let bv tender. In Newton's Lanca bridge built 20 years ago, he was informed, had not been attended to for 7* years, the consequence being that a farmer's land had been damaged by it. Cr Newton: It is a lie; the man was not allowed tocart stuff off the road to suit hhnselL , Mr Barnes: Your chairman is a deadhead. Mr Wliatmough : Let the man speak. Mr Barnes: Shut up. Mr Whatmoogh : Til shut yon up if you sav much more. Mr Bogers; Coming to James' Lane. It required attention. He had been creditably informed that the Government would spend pound for pound npon it. Mr Newton: But they did not come up to Mr Bogers thought it quite possible they would. ,. , The boundary road between the shires or Kvneton and Glenlyon should receive attention and be made, and Newbury road wasoneof the worst in the shire. If returnedhe would object to the members for the riding sitting in camera, and see that their meetings were open to the press. The auditors' foes were too light, one auditor (the Government) was sufficient; influence and not competency often secured the position. If returned (Mr Barnes: But you won't be) he would allocate a revaluation on a more equitable basis, and in dealing with the allocation of money be would consult the ratepayers most interested. Fanners should lave the privilege of keepin »one dog erce of charge as they were compellcd by law to suppress rabbits. According to the.iast balance sheet £33.15s had been received in dog fees in the Trentham riding; out of .that amount the inspector had received £13 12s 6d for his work of collection. (Mr Doiiaghy: Why don't they give him the lot 7) According tothe last balance sheet the total revenue of the tiding for Hie year was £940 15sj yet only £103 7s .had been spent in contract wort. Though the riding was out of debt the. balance sheet showed that £21 7s had been paid away in the shape of interest. He would like an explanation on the point. £150 had 'been" s|>cnt in day labour, but it was not shown where or how the money was spent.'- He did not- think the balance sheet .was clear enough on some points. According to what he bad heard, it had been said that Eogcrs had not the ghost of a show; poor Sogers would lose his deposit; what a pity! . He did not believe in those back door stabs and appealed to the ratepayers to mark theirdisapprovftlof them. The clerk of works had received npwards of £300 once his ap- pointment. Mr Goodison was not to blame and hie did iiot wisli to say anything . wrong abp£t him, hut their representatives were to blame tor waetetui e.vpennicnre. Many people thougbt.the cngineerpaid the cleric of works.himself. Cr Watson had slid that they had tokeep him themselves, aud was told it-they had a white haired "boy they should pay for him. He would go in for remodelling the system of tendering. The members of the riding should acccpt the tenders nearest to the engineer's estimate, which should be kept secret, instead of letting contracts at starvation prices. The specifications should contain a clause providing for a minimum wage of Gs per day, instead of talking of getting 200 men at 2s a day. (A storm of lvooting, which lasted some seconds). The wage in Trentham was os Gd a day, and in Kyncton 6s. The men here were as good as they were in Kyncton. Stoncbrcakers were only getting Is Gd a yard where . they should be getting 2s tomake anything. Tenders for Trentham work should be opened and dealt with in Trentham, and all work orer £1 should be tendered for. It was necessary that Trentham. and Garlicks should stand together in order to win the seat. After further remarks Mr Bogers said if they thought him the best man they should vote forhim; and if they thought Dr Slccman tie best man they should vote for him; and if Mr Tresidder "was the best man they should vote lor him. If returned, he would hold up Trentham riding. New blood was wanted. He concluded and thanked them for the hearing accorded, In reply to Mr Anderson, Mr Sogers said it would be possible for Dr Sleeman to withdraw after his nomination was lodged, and he could do so. Mr Anderson: Then how do the tricks or want of sincerity come in Mr Bogers said that overtures had been made after Dr Sleeman's nomination was lodged and before nomination day, and his supporters said that he should not withdraw because the other side wanted him to stand out. Mr Anderson: That's too thin. Mr Bany: Yes, that's too thin. Mr Rogers: Perhaps it'sthickcr than you like it tobe. Mr Anderson : What need is there to call tenders for work if you accept the engineer's estimate? In order to give every one a cliancc. The engineer's estimate should not be made public. In reply toMr Ralston, Mr Rogers said he was not in favour o£ raising the engineer's salary. r ^ S X . ^ r h i i^). would get another man at the same money. Would not permit any one .to keep more , than one dog without-paying for it. In reply to further questions by Mr lv. J. Anderson, Mr Bogers said he was in favor of reducing the dog foes to half the present amount. Could not say at present how much he was prepared ito spend on Newbury road, but thought some of the Trentham township rates should go on it from a business point of view. Was not prepared to float a loan to make roads without the consent of the ratepayers being first obtained. (Mr Newton: Ton are only a delegate. Yoices: Shut up; you had nothing to say in the council when it was wanted). Would consult those most interested in the spending of moaey on the road between Enders' and the railway gate-house. Would consult the ratepayers in all expenditure. He invited Cr Newton to speak, but the latter declined amidst- jeers. A Tote of thanks to the chairman brought proceedings to a close. After the meeting, and in the presence of 0 large number, Dr Sleeman saw Mr Rogers and askod him for his authority in reference to the visit tothe hotel in canvassing, and the remarks made there. Mr Sogers said he was not then prepared to give names. Dr Sleeman said the statements were absolutely false. Mr Sogers: Then I have been misinformed. (Though there were several interjections during Mr Rogers' references to Dr Sleeman no one rose to a point of order or appealed to the chair, as they should have done.) 