HOW GHOSTS AUK MA DM A CHAT WITH AX ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I MET the ghost-maker at :i country fair. In a field set apart for the village ' foist ' were roundabouts, shooting galleries, cocoa nut shies, and tho nnny and wonderful things which make up a rustic saturnaba. Arranged in a semi- circle were booths in which, for a few pence, the villagers were able to see the biggest woman on curLh, the only living mermaid, me woimenui twins, and a bewildering army of ghosts from the spectre of Hamlet's father to the phantom which haunted old Scrooge. I mounted the steps leading to the ghost show and saw a fat man sitting in the pay box smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing spectral or uncanny about him. He was a happy, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a supreme contempt for the spirits which he charmed from the vasty deep. By his side was his buxom wife, a woman of massive figure, who, in the days of youth and b«nuty, had played Ophelia in half the barns of Eng land. I wept to think how many times the poor old lady had been drowned; ' Well, how are the ghosts to-day ?' I shouted, as, with a Paul Pry movement, I pushed my head, through the half-opened door. 'Oh, they're having a rest just now,' chuckled the old man, us he removed his pipe from his mouth and pointed with his finger to a seat. 'The spirits have van ished — into smoke,' and he put tho well worn stem between his lips again, and puffed away with supreme content. 'How long have you been raising ghosts ?' I asked. ' Oh, a great many years. I have been on the road nigh on thirty years, and I've been raising ghosts all that time. Ah, yes ; I've got used to them by this time. They're only flesh and blood, like many a ghost would turn out to be if examined.' ' Yes, I daresay. But haven't your ghosts been taken for real spectres many a time ?' ' Oh, yes, in the early days of ghost shows. You see, the people knew nothing about it then. 2\o\v they understand how the illusion is produced. School Boards have nigh on ruined us. Boys and girls aon t come to onr snow expecting to ne frightened — they come to enjoy a scientific experiment. In the old days they came to the show with fear and trembling — ay,men and women too. They expected real ghosts, and they went away with the impression that they had seen them. Why, one night as the angels hovored over 'Tho Collier's Dying Child,' a woman shrieked to them to save the boy.' ' Yes, that part of the illusion is very reali-tie. You have had many experiences of that kind, I suppose ?' ''Xo, not many. Ours is a very humdrum life. I remember playing Mephisto in an adaptation of / au t, when one old fellow got so angry at the way 1 helped Faust to kill his friend that he threw a heavy walk ing-stick at my shadow. It struck the plate-glass in front and splintered it. When I saw what had happened I threw the stage into darkness. The play was over for that night, you may be sure. ' Ay ! talking of Mephisto,' the old fellow went on, his wrinkled face smiling with delight as he recalled the stories of his early days, ' I had a curious adventure onco. I was playing Mephisto in a country village about the size of this, and all the men and women for miles around came to see me. The ghosc show was a wonderful attraction in those days, sir. The country people used to watch the play with breath less attention. Well, I had finished play ing the part one night when a note came behind the scenes to say that Mr. Verulam, of The Tin II, wished to see me. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately afterwards a fine, well dressed man came to the corner of the booth in which I was disrobing. Catch ing sight of the fiery-red robes with which I was usually dressed for the part, he said, excited'}- : ''Stop! don't take them off. I want you to play Mephisto up at The Hall.' ''What?' I cried with an incredulous look, ' play Mephisto in a drawing room ? Can't be done, sir !' ' ' No, no, I don't mean that,' he returned quickly; 'come with me at once, and I'll give you a five pound note for your trouble.' ' ' All right,' I said, and covered up my red robes witji a big shawl. He had his carriage waiting outside, and we got into it and drove off in the direction of The Hall. ' I was puzzled to know what he wanted me for, but my doubts were quickly allayed. It seems Lhat his wife had lost a beautiful diamond bracelet, and suspicion had fallen upon one of the maids. The mistress of the house had good grounds for her suspicions, although they weie not such as would warrant an arrest. The girl's boxes had been searched, and every nook and corner of her bedroom examined. Nothing, however, was found. Mr. Veru lam 's wife jiersisted in thinking that, the girl had stolen the jewel, and hidden it until the matter had been for gotten. That night he ascertained that the girl had gone to see Faint with her fellow servants, and he hit upon a lucky idea. He knew how superstitious the maid was — in fact, all country girls were just then — and he resolved to take advantage of it. To do so he had invited me to The Hall to play the part of a ghostly detective. As soon as vre reached The Hall he smuggled me through a side door into the library. There he disclosed his plans. He wanted me to remain there in the. dark until the maid arrived from the show. As soon as she came in ho would ring for her in the usual way, and request her to light the lamp in the library. As she did so I was to make my appearance, cut off her retreat, and, in my most sepulchral tones, question her about the missing jewel.' ' How did the expedient succeed ?' I asked, much interested in the showman's recital. ' Oh, capitally,' and the old fellow chuckled again i\t the' recollection of the incident. ' The maid arrived about half an-hour later, having, of course, to walk all the way to The Hall, and shortly afterwards I heard the master give directions for the library lamp to.be lighted. I stood in my red robes in a curtained recess near the door, and, as soon as the lamp had been fully lit. and the eirl was about to leave the room, I slowly emerged from my hiding place and faced her. Well, you never heard such a scream, but luckily for mo she didn't faint. She simply yelled and shut herey.s. Then, in a sepulchral tone, 1 demanded the jewel for which she had sold her soul. Of course, coming after a play like FauM, in which jewels form an important pa it, the effect was very strong. The g'rl shivered from head to foot, pointed to a largo book on the third shelf of the library, and screamed louder than ever. I ndvanced to the table on which the lamp stood, blew out the light, and disappeared in the darkness. ' When the master of the house came up I indicated the book which the girl had. missing jewel. I got the five pound note ho had promised me and another in addi tion. Ay ! ' and the old man sighed as he leaned back, pensively, in his chair, ''that was the best* stroke ot luck I ever had.' 'Well, now, for a lii- tle trade secret. How aro tl-.e^e ghosts made?' 'I cm show you best in this way. See' — and hcie Ue io.-k u\i a lilllc .model of tho ! slu;*e he had made in iiis leisure hours, | ' here you see how tho whole thing- is done. In the front o:' a ghost show stage you will al«:-ys see -if you look caiofnlly— a lifira she- t. of «lu--j?. ft is generally decorated at I ill.} e^jzes a:.d joined on to tlio ut'diiiury ! sS.i^c, :o ihat it is fJilliciil'. to see it. Alio ' — it yo:i li.ok carefully -'you will observe a ! wiilojfap.bsl.wcnn li.euetim! stage and the ai/iii nee. That. is. the 'oven'1 in which! -;ho--l* nre ma'd-.'.*' j ' You ilmi'L bako tiif-m, surely ?' ' I 'Xo, but we roast them pretty well. When I watifaghost to appear at a cert;-iii part of the play, the ori^lna! of the gliOM ii.^ down on Hie lower plaUorni, nna a s -'i)!i-.-li'!:' is thrown upon him by means of'«-i*.i--f* oran oxyhydro;:en lamp. In that Monition he throwshis hands and feet about L wpiiml, but seldom walks-because he ?Mii'r. When I want him to walk he is nulled along a trolley, and then, by moving his feel, the gho.-?fc it seen to bo walking on the stage.' ,„ ' Then, how does the ghost disappear 7 'Oh, easily enough. The oven lights are turned down an:! the footlights are turned tip at an equal rate. Then the tijruic ciisapptjars.' . ' You ir.ake the ghosts sing occasionally. How is ;h,it managed ? ' '? Well, if you are near to the statre, you will perceive that the sound comes from the ' uvcu,' and not, from the sta^e. The men have lo sins; on their backs.' ' I'ul how do you make the little cherubs flout ubuut.'' ' Merely another optical illusion. _ The figures of the performers only are visible o:i the sUi^e. All the apparatus necessary for their extraordinary attitude is draped in black so that although it is reflected on the sta^e, it is not visible to the people in the show. That, is the way we make the spirit's hand write, and how we put heads on the stage without bodies. All the rest of the performer is carefully bidden with b'ack cloth. —Mill ion. 