CHAPTER XVH. AN AUGCMBNl" ANI) A M'AJITLINO ■ IHCfDKNT. Solemn and still grew the night, the only Hounds that disturbed the solitude being the mournful wail of some night-bird away in tlio bush, and the ausurrusof the trees as the light breeze wafted them together with the musical gurgle of the water as it lapped the beach. It was the first timo Bob and Dink had had an opportunity of conversing since Bob's ad venture. He still suffered a little. Tho blow which had been dealt him 011 tho head with the mallet or whatever it was, had raised a large lump like an egg, and it was very sore and painful. " This timo last niglit, Bob, I suffered tor ture of mind that I shouldn't like to go through again," said Dick as tho two sat on a log with their loaded rifles beside them. "I'm awfully sorry, old chap," answered Bob, roflcotiveiy; "but I couldn't help it; though, of course, I had no business to soparate myself from you. However, it has taught me a lesson. I shall profit by it." "Well, you seem to havo bad a pretty nar row squeak. But we mustn't run risks of that kind. YVe'vo come on this jaunt with an avowed purpose, and it won't do to lose sight of that purpose. Wo owe it to ourselves and our mates to steadily pursue our aim. And— don'tlaugh at me—If eel as if the dead man we found in the hut at Martin's reef had charged me with a solemn mission. And sometimes, in imagination, ho seems to speak to me, and say, 'Don't forget my daughter.' Of course, that's a bit of sentiment. But nevor mind; it's a spur, so to speak, to one's intent." " Your sentiment's right, Diok, and it shows you'vo got the right, stuff in you. I'd a pit of sentiment last night myself, when I was m the hands of those savages, and I thought if I could only send Buoy Silva a message and, tell her that my thoughts wero entirely of her, I shouldn't care a pin about anything else. It's strange how that girl haunts mo. I sup pose I shall laugh at my folly some day. But the day isn't yet." "No, Bob. It's not folly, old man. A good fellow and true, like you, doesn't get over a disappointment all at once. If that old black guard her father had only been able to look beyond his money-bags, and see your worth, there would havo been a different tale +0 tell." "Sah 1" exclaimed Bob, with an expression of exasperation, "don't let us talk about it. The past is dead. Let it bury itself. A. man shouldn't go mooning through tho world bccauso hes failed to got the woman he wanted. Tlienn are as good fish in tho sea as ever woro caught." He rose up and moved away some paces. He spoke lightly and flippantly, but his words belied his heart. Not oven his bosom friend knew how deepwas tho wound his heart had received. And in speaking as he did he spoke mere Words. "Yes, Bob, that's all right, churn," said Dick, as his friend came near him again, " Lot the dead past bury its dead." It was Longfellow who said that, wasn't it? It's all vory well as a saying, you know, but it doesn't pan out in practice. As a matter of fact, tho dead past doesn't bury itself, especially when it has boon disagreeable. Its dftrnnahle ghosts generally haunt one, and occasionally they've driven men mad. But they arc not. going to drive you mad, 111011 ami. You are too good a fellow to go mad. As you rightly say, a fellow shouldn't, go mooning through the world because ho has failed t.o get tho girl ho wanted. You'll, meet some one else, some day, and when'slio's jour wife you'll laugh to think what a mug you wore to bestow any grief over the Lucy Silva affair." "On one point you are wrong," replied Sherard. "1. shall not meet any one else who will become my wife." " How do you know?" " Because I intend to keep as T. am for the rest of my days." " Do you mean that you will never get spliced t.o any one?" "That's precisely what I moan. Dick." "Bosh \ Tell that, to the horse marines, old chap. I won't, take it in. Besides, you are inconsistent. You said just now there aro as good fish in the sea as were ever caught." "Ridicule and lauglr as much as you like, Chibhles," answered Bob, with some acidity of tone as though he was annoyed. '* But I know my own mind." "No, you don't; not on that point at least," said Dick, unmoved by his friend's show of warmth. " Of course, I understand that you feel that way now. But stop a bit. Time has a marvellous effect in changing men s views, and what we think black to-day seems white to us to-morrow." "Well, noon my word Dick, you are talking to me as though yon were my grandfather, yself," reri instead of a youngster like myself," remarked Klierardlf in a manner implying that his feathers wore still ruffled, and that he felt somewhat, hurt because his friend would not take him seriously. "No, my dear boy, I'm not," Dick replied, with provoking coolness, as bo filled bis pipe and prepared to smoke. " I assume 110 superiority in any way. I'm simply arguing from a common-sense point of view." • " It's not common sense to imply that I'm an "Oil, I say. Bob, tint's strong, isn't it? T'm mire nothing I've said justifies such a re mark.' ■ - * All right then,- I'll gjye in. Perhaps Fm jytong, answered Sherard, in a tone of apology. But I'll keep my thoughts to myself in future." , , • bif of it( Bab- Thftt wouldn't be j * • ,011 that you have always had,' and still have, my most profound sympathy. I'm not-such a duffer-«»to bo incapable of un derstanding how Jroonly you have felt the dis appointment. But the moral of it nil, which I want to point out, is that a fino fellow like you, with all his lifo before hiin, has ■ 110 right to declaro that .ho will lead a life of celibacy because lie has failed to get the first woman of his choice." "But yoiTdon'ticnow how deeply I'vo been bitten, moaned Boh, in sorrowful acccuts. 'Oh, yes, -I do. But deep wounds some times heal quicker than shallow ones. As fate has determined that you shall not marry Lucy oilva, you must keep your eyes open for another Lucy. And vvlion we've made our fortunes you will become a family nlan and live happily over afterwards." Dick laughed, butllob showed that ho did not appreciate his friend's flippancy. ,, _, v ou are talking bosh now, Hick," he said. However, we'll agree to differ. If wo both a °r enough, time will prove who is right. As for the making of our fortune, that seems to me a doubtful factor, at least so far as this wild-goose chase is concerned." " But tho wild-goose-chase is very jolly." " Yes, ob, yes, I admit that it is so in a sense. But wo lnusn't forgot that we've already lost several men who might still have been living but for this expedition, mid wo don t soe the cud of it yet." ".'J1'10 peer follows lost their lives through an accident"-, the result of the risks which must necessarily be run in venturing 011 a voyage to seas and lands as little known as those. "And J. don't think we are in the least degree morally r<"riVi°-n^deat.li of our companions.'' Ibis was lJick's answer, and lie spoke more seriously than he had hitherto done, and, after a rofleotive pause, as Hhorard made 110 reply, he added with considerable emphasised force of expression - . "Look here, Bob, if you really think wc are unnecessarily risking the lives of others in coming here., and in continuing tho journey, J 111 ready to turn back if yon desire it, and wo can persuade tho skipper Ralston and the boatswain to do so. But understand this now, and let there bp no mistake about it, I shall only turn back in deference to your wishes, and not bucau.se J. desire it. To mo this pcnctra tinginto unknown regions, this carrying mv life in iny hand, in li ving in a state of strainee! suspense as to what is going to happen next, has an unspeakable fascination; and, though I appreciate to the fullest all the danger, and understand perfectly woll bow strong tho pro bability is that I may fall a victim to what stay-at-homes and timid people would call our foolish rashness, I am not in the least de terred. Rightly or wrongly, 1 look upon it as -Kismet 1" , "Dick, does what you have said moan to imply a want of pluck and determination on my part equal to your own?" asked Slicrrarti in quite a solemn manner. "God forbid, no."answered Hick, quickly, J hod no fiuch thought. \Ve have coiuo too far and boon together too long for me to imply thab. A ataunclter pal, a better friend, I could not find." "Thank you," answered Shcrard, with un mistakable emotion, " I am afraid wc have drifted into rather a- stupid argument. But if it has done nothing else, it has shown me at least, if I wanted any further proof, what a splondid follow you are. And, though you fail to gauge my footings in one way, lot there bo 110 misunderstanding about my unalterable re solve to goon shoulder to shoulder with you to the unknown, though it holds for us a linger ing death in the worst form in which death can come to a man." Hick, who up to now had kept seated upon the log, rose and grasped his friend's hand in a. grasp that only true friendship knows; and between tbc.two men there was silence for a little while, for each heart hail been touched; and, standing as they did at that solemn hour, in the moonlit tropical forest, far from friends and home, and surrounded with dangers, and knowing not but what tho morrow might bring them to the end of thoir earthly journey, they would have had to have boon Very much more hardened, and vory much less impressionable than they wero, had they not felt the un utterable something which true men feel under such circumstances—a something which brings a lump into tho throat, and produces a sort of electrical quivering of tho lips, together with a misty vision. " Bob, old man," stammered Hick, at last, "forgive inn if I have shown levity or said anything that lias hurt your foelings. I didn't intend it." " I know that, I know that, dear boy. But pray let the discussion drop. We perhaps understand oaoh 'other bettor now than ever wo did before. We aro knit together by an in dissoluble Jiond of sympathy. Wo have a common cause; wo tread tho path of the future together." They wrung each others hands; then Chibbles resumed his seat, and relighted his pipe, while Bob strolled off some yards, as if be wished to be alone with his thoughts. The moon by this time had become almost entirely obscured by clouds, and the darkness that prevailed mado it very difficult to dis tinguish anything, even if it was near the eyes. Fire-flies flitted in myriads in and out amongst tho foliage, and produced a charming effect. The heat was intonse. Tho sea breeze that had sprung up with tho setting sun had died away, leaving the air stagnant., the trees motionless. JCven tho water in the creek had ceased to gurgle, and snob stars as were visible appeared to burn with a hazy lauguidness. Tho silence was solemn, impressive. The darkness heightened the solemnity, and the faint boom that now and again filled the air as the swell surged against tho reefs outsido had tho effect—so far from breaking the silence— of giving emphasis to it. The mosquitoes were having a high old, time of it. To them it was a night of revel, and the white men's blood made them drunk with delight. Chihblos and his friend found that, smoke as they would, they could not rid them selves of the unseen ene.mv, whoso persistent buzzing and annoying stings were well calcu lated to irritate their victims into a verbal ex pression of feelings which would not bear printing. Tho sleepers protected themselves by enveloping hands and face in their hand kerchiefs, though anything over the face, how ever light, in such a stifling atmosphere, was exceedingly disagrceablo and trying; but of the two evils it was preferable. Cbibbles arid Sherard found that they got the most relief from pacing to a.nd fro, and waving a handkerchief with perpetual motion up and down loofort- their faces. But this was trying muscular exorcise, and was conducive to a, dripping state of the body which was sug gestive of a Turkish bath. Moreover, they were, fagged and tired, and began to feel drowsy. A languid feeling was stealing over them —the result of the heat and fatigue. Sud denly, however, they wero aroused into full activity by a strange sound, a sound that was new to t'lem. Jt came from the. direction of tho crock. It wan a combination of a gasp, a blowing, a hi.-.sing, a grunt, accompanied by a gurgle, a swirl and swish of the water. It Wasn't human, that was certain; but it wa formidable and alarming, for it suggested aomO monster, either animal, fish, Or reptile,;! ' Next a great shout and cry—unmistakably;, human—broke with piercing abruptness oa the stagnant air; awakened the eohoes of the forest, and distubed the roosting birds; "Then . out of the darkness camo tho rich Milesan brogue of the giant, as he exclaimed— ' " Hoiy Mother, aavo me. Ould' Nick's got ahowltpf me." This was followed by a rush and a thnd, for the giant had leapt up, rushed _ blindly forward, and tripping, had pitched''' headlong into tho undergrowth, and this, was fairly good proof that if .the " Ould' " gentle* man referred to had really had " nowlfc" bt the Irishman, the giant had succeeded in speedily releasing himself from the iinpleasiinjj grip. One of tho.precautions that had been taken in case of an emergency was tho piling yp of*a heap of dried grass, on which some turpentine was sprinkled from a can which the boatswain had fortunately secured from the wreck. Bob dashed at tho grass, struck a wax vesta, dropped it on tho heap, and as tho flames leaped up they threw a weird glow over a straiige and startling scone. The sleeping . place-' had been selected within a couple of dozoli yards of the water of the creek, in which tho boats were moored- about a yard from tho shore. There were two reasons for selecting this position. One/was so as to be near tlio boats ready to spring into them in an instant should such a eOiir.se I income necessary. And the other was to take advantage of a patch of clean, hard sand, which, when asail was spread over it, afforded a comfortable bed. Notquito as comfortable, perhaps, as a well-stuffod hair mattress on top of a patent wire-woven one, hut sufficiently so to he highly appreciated by tho tired sailors, who, from the nature of their calling, did not often have an opportunity of enjoying luxuries. They slept soundly did those men, and the only one who had been fully aroused by the Irishman's cry was Gin ger ; and he was sitting bolt, upright, seemingly paralysed with fear, for within half a dozen paces of him was a huge alligator, its tail in tho water, the front part of its body roared up oft its short fore legs, its jaws open, with all tho hideous teeth revealed. The saurian had evi dently been terrified or fascinated by tho sudden outburst of light from the fire, and its attitude was suggestive of indecision, whether to rofreat to its liquid element or make a dash for the startled Papuan, who, knowing, no doubt, the savage nature of the beast, and its wonderful activity when it was 011 the prowl for prey, was justified in his alarm. The alligator's indecision, if indecision it was, cost hitn dear, for Ohihbles and Shorard, both of whom wero excellent shots, fired their rifles straight into his open jaws. Instantly tho upraised portion of his body dropped to the ground, and he partly rolled on bis side, whilo a stream of blood poured from his mouth, and he boat the water with his tail until it was churned into ft whirlpool of foam. By this time the rest of the sleepers were aroused, and whon the momentary consterna tion caused by the sight of the writhing sau rian had passed, there was a general emptying of revolvers at him. Some shots took effect, one in particular striking him in tho eye, but tho majority of them glanced harmlessly off his tough hide. However, ho had got. his quietus, for he rolled, writhed, and struggled ineffectually to make off. By this time Ginger had recovered from his fright, and, springing up, he seized a handspike which was lying on the ground, and raising it high above his head, ho brought it down with all his strength on the brute's snout. Then two rifles were fired point blank into its throat, and with one great throe it stretched out its unwieldly body and died. Tho whole scene had boon enacted in ft very brief space of time, and certainly not more than fivo minutes had elapsed from the giant's cry of alarm to the death of tho mid night intruder. » : Ugh!" grunted Ginger. "Me 110 like Pa .... him. Papuan never sleep by creek, 'gator gobble him up." Tho Irishman had now pulled himself, together, and coming forward lie kicked the dead saurian, exclaiming as ho did so, " Yor dirty baste. Ycr gave me the awfullest fright I iver got in me life. By holy 8t, Patrick, I thought t.he divil was after me." From tho position in which the giant had lioen lying ho was the nearest to the alligator when it came up out of the water, and though tho giant persisted in declaring that the "haste" had half swallowed him, it was evi dent from tho absence of marks on his body that ho had not boon seized. There was no doubt, however, ho had had a very narrow escape, and it was unanimously agreed thab more caution would, have to bo ex-ercised in the future, For, as Ginger declared, and his do claration was supported by evidence, the back Guir waters of New Guinea and tho islands round about were the haunts of alligators of a very formidable tvne. 