HAMILTON HORTICULTURAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. THE CHRYSANTHEMUM SHOW- ANOTHER FINE DISPLAY OF BLOOMS The amateur horticulturist works very much in the dark so far as the genera! public are concerned. Throughout the course of a whole year very little is heard of the labours of the enthusiasts who z al«»os1y strive al- most from morning 'ill night to assist nature in producing her mot lovely woik in the highest degree of perfection. Such societies as the Ical Horticultural Society have small monthly gatherings at which members show a few good things and give each ether some idea of how their gardens are progressing. But even the members have very little idea of tbe sum of advancement each is totting np through his or her enterprise ont>l one of the big deoiding days comes on. All this lends added interest to the annual chrysanthemum show, in view of which every grower expends much solicitous attention and tender care open all the best things they have been able to secure and to raise daring many patient months. Next to the exhibitors come the people who love to look upon a beautiful flower, but for various reasons, prefer that somebody else should prod nee it. and to this class the magnificent display of blooms In tbe Town Hall is a yearly attraction that never fails to draw them. The rich colour ing of the masses of chrysanthemums that cover the stands makes up a series of gorgeous stretches of dazzling beauties up and down tbe hall, and tbe wonderful Autnmo flower is thus shown to the greatest advantage, since each specimen of tbe great family assists tbe effect of its neighbour, No other flower has eochsined the public taste as the chrysantbemnm has, and the secret of its attractiveness and popularity probably lies for tbe grower in its suscepti bility to improvement, and to the non expert io the perfect manner in which the blooms blend when shown io great numbers. Although the local growers and others who have been attracted to this show have been ' most painstaking iu search of the beet and newest things and in per fecting them, the improvement is always marked at each exhibition either in general or individual exce lencp. As a rule, it is found that when the exhibits begin t > attrin a higher grade tbe number fall off in flower, just as iu other products. Many exhibitors find tbat their exhibits are not np to dat\ aod they turn their attention to feuer flowers, with tbe view of producing tkee equal to tbe standard set them. After wards, when tbe larger number master the art more completely, the show naturally in creases in volume. Tbe Hamilton chry santhemum show is at present in tbe transition stage. This year the average merit of tbe Hamilton cot flowers was not up to lliat shown last year, but thin is ac counted for by the fact that tbe show was held about a week too early to suit growers, and the flowers were not properly ont. In point of individual ex cellence, however, tbe exhibits excel those of previous years, some ( f tbe finest specimens as yet raised io Victoria being seen on tbe stands. These remarks do not apply to Mr. D. V. West's magnificent array of prize-taking blooms. Apparently the date suited Mr. Weat very well, and he may have been somewhat favoured by tbis circumstance. All the Bame it is unlikely that his chrysanthemums could have been beaten, his numerous beautiful productions being, in the opinioo of the judges, far before aoy other growers as yet seen in 1896\. Id all probability Mr. West with his grand variety to select from could sweep the best prizes of all the principal shows, and growers will hope that bis splen did flowers may be seen all over the colony. His record i8 an admirable one, bnt is scarcely proportionate to the character of his exhibits, for after all tbe beauty of his many wonderful blooms cannot ue gaugea or maicacea oy so many prizes in the lis. The Casterton grower has set the placky Hamilton amateurs a eomewb&t; higher level than that of other shows, f)u majority ol tbe exhibitors the Hamilton Show may claim o be the finest ever seen. We have not dealt fnlly with the other exhibits on this occasion because it is under stood tbat the chrysanthemum is the flpwrr of the occasion. But there was a very fine display of pot plants, as well as many other varieties of cot flowers. Dahlias, though not numerous, formed a feature of the Show, and lu re Mr. C. A. Wiggins' fl iwers were specially interestios.bcaoee be had imported his p< ize taker from Enghod. Mr.Carter, Mrs. Moodie and others ebowed s me very pretty exhibit in cut flowers, and Mr. Wig gins was again to the front with foliage plants. Two croupe of put plants, ih««ee shown by Mr. Kennedy aod Mr. M'Donald, were exhibited on the front «f the st?ge and made a very nice display. Mr. Ken nedy set hie off with a large banana pUnt, and bis palms were choice and very beauti ful, wb»le Mr. McDonald's ferns were tbe gems of his collection. Scores of other plants and fl iwers were worthy of men tion, but space does not permit of their inclusion > ave in the prize-list. As may be seen by the subjoined notes, the display of bouquets, etc., was not so large ab at previous shows, hot the artistic taste dis played in almost every instance was socb as to elicit the warm commendation of Mr. Cbeesemsm. It is not meant that the win ning exhibits were better than some tbat have won in the pa«t, fr-r they were not, hut taking them as a whole, theie was a marked improvement and no abortions. Some dis satisfaction, however, was expressed at there being no c'a«s for amateurs only, exempt the novice division, in which only two exhibits were shown, and it Is suggested tbat the competition being so poor this should be done away with io the future, and oue for amateurs substituted. On this occasion manv who had entered declined to cany nut their intention when they got to know they would have to try conclusions with Mirs Mnrray, who isaeife princeps in the art, prnbibly one of (be most expert professionals in the colony. That her skil- ful arrangements of floral gems were groifcfy and deservedly admired goes with out saying, indeed they constituted one of the greatest attractions, and it would Indeed be a pity were ahe de barred from competing. Tbis was generally admitted but many amateurs will not in future seek to try conclusions with her knowing they have not g>t the ghost of a show of winning. What, there fore, is r« quired la a re -arrangement ol classes as desired, and we oould go further thau tbis by recommending an Increase in the value of prizes in the open or professional division, if thereby experts lite the lady we have mentioned car be induced fci enter tbe listB and furnish those less skilful than them selves with a DBefu! object lesson. Mr. W. R. Stephens had all the arrangements io perfect order and with the assistance of an active committee carried every rhiogoot most satisfactorily to all concerned. The Society was most unfortunate in tbe show falling upon wet weather. B»lb yesterday and Tuesday rain fell, and the evenings were sloppy and unpleasant, sadly, interfering with tbe attendance, which was .conse quently very meagre all through. Tbe de tails are below. CLASS L— Omsk to aniokb. CUT FLOWERS, lodges : Messrs. Cbeeseman and Rattray ; Chinese varieties Mr. W. H. Melville. Mr. West commenced to score in the open class for cut chrysanthemums by taking first piize in the opening ©ection for twelve shows a very .fine stand -of flowers, being Urge and very even as io/deyelopment. The favourite Christmas cumber was yery S;rfect, a new one. Miss Mabel Simpkin, 1 Desperandnm, and Mr. ./TL Bahuaot, being tbe best fonr. Mr. W- B- Stephens ran tbe winner to two points with Jus splendid twelve blooms among which he had Lord WoUeley, NU JJesjmrandiwbiu Brooklj Gem, all very fine. The be atm Mr. A. McDonald's third stand ; were . AknL Hnste, Globe D'Or, and Benfllgo. . Hamilton stands, hernias elsewhere,?®8 through tbe show being -trifle early lor the blooms wbiob particularly affected fg hows,- bnt tbe section was very goodbnethnwigb-f ont. The Socretaiy.came in .withjnxjton- tfae poomaUnt JSU Deapersndnm mdno fimmnfaa Ann! Huate aod Seqtaoji gun helped Mi atna met of »l fairly even lot. Mr. SpiUmau scored, aod the pick of bis basket were two titled individuals Baron Hirsh and Lord Wolseley. Mr. West's ChristmiaNnmber took the best of tbeclasa rather easily, this perfect gejn in bows being singularly perfect. Coming to Japs, Mr. H. Learmocb scored with 12 magnificent blooms, amongst which be bad Vivian Morel! very fine and Golden Gate, a handsome bronze aod gold, besides several other very striking specimens. Of Mr. Watson's very creditable second priz< stand Vivian Morel! and tbe splendid Robert Owen were the best of a grand dozen. Mr. W. IT. James had Robert Williams and Mrs. Dorothy Sbea both very good in his third 12, but some of tbe others were a trifle weak. Mr. Spi lmau score 1 his first highest award for six Japs, and one of last, year's Colonel W. B. Smith and Robert Williams were very superior io a good six. Mr. A. Kentiely's second lot included Niveus sod (.harles Davis, both very handsome. Mr. Spillman had nie of the finest stands in the Show staged for the best six' incarved. From imoog?t such a six it was hard to select the bett blooms, but the Duke of York, -a dark crimson with silver centre, CoL Smith and Robert Williams were all very striking. Another of tbe most striking exhibits in the Hall was Mr. West's six white Jsps, a most be&ntifnl; collection of snowy blooms. Madame A. Chatan ie a perfectly beautiful flower, and tbe others were all nearly equal in excellence, Madame Theresa Bey, Nivens, a magnificent Eyresford White, Lady T. Lawrence, and a comparatively new one, Miss Annie Hartshorn, showing very choice blooms. Mr. W. R. Stephens scored a first for his collection of twelve white Japs, a moat beautiful tot. which included Lady T. Lawrence, Teresa Key and both the district ones, Mrs. H. Learmontb and Miss Edgar. Mr. Learmonth had a very fine stand opt for tbe twelve assorted colours, distinct varieties, Leviathan, Beauty, Toulasaine and Waban, a magnificent dark pink, being the pick of the lot. Mr. Melville showed Mrs. C. Shrimpton, Mrs. H. Learmonth, Jeanne D'Arc and Pio Nono, all very fine, amoogst his second prize lot. Mr. West crowned his remarkable record in thi6 class by carrying off the prize for tbe best Show of tbe class with Christmas Number. Pot plalfts. — Three varieties show chry santhemums - C. A. Wiggins. 1 ; F> C. Hughes, 2\. One show chrysanthemum — C. A. Wiggins, 1 ; F. C. Hughes, 2. Three varieties Japanese chrysanthemums— C. A. Wiggins. One Japanese chrysanthemum — C. A. Wiggins, 1 ; F. C. Hughes, 2. One anem- ne-eentre large flowering obrysanthemum — F. C. Hughe. On pompone chrjSHUthemum— S. W. Spillman. One doable fuchsia in bloom — E. Friend. Two flowering begooi»s (1st special by Mr. A. Hol- lmd) — C. A. Wiggins, 1 ; A. Kennedy, 2. One foliage begonia— E. Friend, 1 ; A. McDonald, 2\. One climbing plant in bloom — W. &. Stephens. One oolcus — A. Kennedy. One foliage plant— A. Kenntdy, 1 ; C. A. Wiggins, 2\. Collection of Lrus, not more than rix varieties -A. Kennedy. One fern, maidenhair — A. Kennedy 1 ; A. M'Donald, 2. One fern, any other— A. Kennedy, 1 ; F. Greed 2. One lycopod— A. Kennedy, 2. One perennial plant in bloom— A. Kennedy, 1 ; W. R. Stephens, 2. One single zonule geranium— A. Kennedy. One do Kennedy. Group of p >t plants, arranged for I effect, not exceeding 48 aqure feet, open to members only, of whom tin ee era less r num ber ma; provide one exhibit ; vases X)f cut flowers and folutge, to fill spaces between or in front of pots, allowed (1st and 2nd specials by Mr. W. H. Melville) — A. Kennedy, 1 ; A. H'Dooald, 2. Cut Flowebs. — Twelve show chrysanthe mums, incurved, distioct (1st special by Mr. Rattray)— D. V. Wrsfc, 1; W. R. St-pbeus, 2; A. M'Donald. 3. S"x show chrysanthemums, iocurved, distinct — W. H Stephens, 1; A. MVDooa'd, 2 ; S. W. Spillman, 3. Best show chrysantbemnm, to be picked by judges f«om ; any stand In tbis class— D. V. West. Twelve Japanese chrysanthemums, distinct — H. Lf-r- mo-'tb, 1 ; R. Wa son, 2 ; W. H. James, 3. Six Japanese chrysanthemums (1st. 2nd and 3'd specials by Rev. M. J. Sbanahao)— S. W. Spill- mao, X ; A. Kennedy, 2; W. H. James, 3. Best Japanese chrysantbemnm, to be picked by judges from any stand in this class — D. V. West Six Japanese chrysanthemums, in curved — S. W. Spillman, 1 ; R. Watson, 2l Six pompooe chrysanthemums, dis icct v»rie ties, three spikes of each allowed.not more than six inches above the stand — F. C. Hughes, X ; F. Taylor, 2. Champion stand. — Six show chrysanthemums, incurved, and six Japanese carysaotaemuoiB, aiscwct varieties open to an, inc uding curators of public gardtns and insti tutions, Xat speci-1 by the President)— D. V7. West, 1 ; A. M'Donald, 2; W. H. James 3. Grand challenge | rize. — Twelve show chrysan themums, incurved, and twelve J anthemums, inns. be nil distinct and tine to name, and all turned (open to all, including cura'ors of public gardens and Institutions) — D. V. Wat, 1 ; H. Learmontb, 2; l\ Wat- sou 3. Six white Japanese chrysanthemums, distinct varieties (1st and 2nd specials by Mr. H. C. Malcolm) — D. V. West, X ; E Friend, 2\. Six yellow Japanese ch< jsantbemoms, dis tioct van t it f (1st and 2nd specials by Ur. H. Learmontb) — fcL J. Richmond, 1 ; H. Lear month, 2. Six b st novelties in cbrysmthe- mum, shon for tbe firs'- time in Hamilton Gat and 2nd specials by Mr. T. Rob rtaon, Moyne Full) H. J. Ricbmnnd, 1; D. .V. West, 2; F. C. Hughes, 3 ; EL Lrmoatb, 4. Best incurved show chrysanthen.um, which may be picked from any stand io any class, and in b styied ch impi<»n of tire show (special by Mr. W. Carter) -D. V. West. Bst Japanese chrysanthemum incurved, which m«y be picked fr «m any stand io any class, and to be stylei cbainpicm of the show (s ecaal by Mr. W. H. MrivUlr)- D. V. West. B st Ja aoese chrysanthemum, reflexed, which may be picked from any stand in any class, «nd to be styled chxmpion of the show (speci-l by Mr. E Friend) — D. V. Weft. Six varieties anemone-ceotie la floven»g cbiysA&themums;— E. Friend, X; S. W. Si illman and BL J. Richmond equal. Three vsrieti-R auemoDe-centre large flowering chrisanihemoms— H. J. Riohmond, X ; E- Friend, 2 ; S, W. Spillman. 3. One anemone- Cn>r- chrysanthemum— F Taylor, X; E- Friend, 2. 42a Bt-st anomone-centered chry santhemum (first special by a friend)— K. Friend. S x varieties phlox druimoortdi num ber of spikes unliinited— Mr-. Benne t, 1 ; W. Moodie, % Six sjiecire of annuals, spikes un limited tme varietv only of each species— 0. A. Wiggins X ; W. Caiter, 2 Collection of cut floweis, not more than twelve species, three spikes of e»»cb allowrd, only one variety of each aperies (1st and 2nd specia'a by Mrs. S. W. Codke) — W, Carter, X ; W. Mo mU", 2. Six dahlixy, h->ws (1st special bv Mr.W.Betts)— E. Friend, X ; W. Moodie, 2. Three dahlias, C. A. Wiggins, 1 ; A. Kennedy, 2. Three dtfhltsa anr nt.hor vnnatioa fl A Wtmifi 1 - A. Kennedy, 2. Three cut shrubs three spikes of escb allowed -L. Horwitz, 1 ; W. Carter, 2. CLASS II. — Open to all Amateues. CUT FLOWERS. Judge : Mr. A. Keonedy. The amateur class again filled well and while tbe average quality of tbe blooms was hardly up to tbat of last year, owing to the fact that many were not properly ont, etiU the individual specimens were finer than nsnal. Commencing at the champion stand, the ubiquitous Mr. Wat was again in front faia aix aliovrs tncludiog other blooms or tbe same varieties which did so well for him in Class I each & Christmas Number, Nil Desperandom and Eve in shows. Colonel Smith, Vivian Morel 1, Duke of Yorb,Cb&rle8; Davis and Robert Williams in Jape. Mr. W. H. Melville was very close with good stand, Globe, D'Or, Beodigo, Madaine F. Nostra!, a new and beautiful dark pink, and Lord Woleeley being beet of tbe shows, and Mrs. H. Learmonth, a locally raised and very pretty white, and Colonel Smith, tbe finest of the Jape. Mr. E. Friend took tliird, Duke of Yotk, Robert Owen and Nivens bring bis best in Japs and Nil Desperandum, Globe D'Or and Baton Hireeh tbe best ahowel - Mr. West's 12 Jape In this class were a splendid lot, Eyresford, -White, The Querii, and another young thing Emily Doon with Ex celsior being very fine. Me. E. Friend came a fair eeoooa, Mrer JSf FsyhpjGblden Gate' and CoL Smith, being the beet of the etand. Mr. Melville'e third were a iery even dozen, Carfcm Beedling and Yiyian Mordl bagi especially good.. The beBt rix. were shown by Mr. .Richmond, .who bad a very, band- some Golden Gats .JElribcrt yWilJiapbs and Yirian Horill pnsetalun. Golden Gate was also >tbe ( best of Mir. tK-| Friend's second prize tot with Colonel 8mitb and Dake of York as «ooristently exorilriit as elsewhere. . Mr. C» A jyiggiBB tookjbc minor award with Vivian Morell and Charles Jteirb wecebsj tot, bnt the whole were sliblly d&oingecl; 1 efc tbe baek. Ur. West came Io with three J»pe. Doke: Ada frice, another new' Uadi snnki jthe moet admirable of " the ne cune a step higher' and eartied off aeoond fcooonra with Lady T. LawinenSFknd Vivian Morell, the beet of die trirdet ' liie incurred, wae a WtfanTlorell fonnd smongst Ur. Weet'a ezldbira, tmt'Mr. ' Aii3mH>i>d>jgrand Dake of-'phcarried off 1 Umrarw ilM'iMie s Weat eame«£ain in ehoare. lii. hwtLe -belog ; ». 'ihpiwpt,t»nd,t#adaniarPi« ; be, Mr. Melnlle'jidoxea were very oleae ; . .. to tbe winnvra, but tbe blooms being not properly outbe was again at « disadvantage. . The best of a fine even twrive were Pio Nodq, Australta and Madame Damer. The superior sizs of Mr. West's blooms helped to carry them tbrougha very close competition. ; Mr. C. A. Wiggiue took third with a ve»y fair atand. The sixes fell to Mr. West a'so, Mr. H. Learmontb icing a close second, and both showing their ' favourite varietim. Tbe same onlcr was observed in , the threes, boih exhibitors making ! up the number. Mr. E> Friend's second prize lot were shown at a gre»- dis advantage being not nearly in full bloom, but they were very handsome all the same- ; He hat Mrs. J. Wright Nivens aod Madame | Tneresa R«ey all very good. The Port Fairy representative Mr. H. J. Richmond, who bus been most enterprising io importing the latest things, came to the front with six tplt-ndid yellow Japs, for which be scored first. Gulden Weddimr, « lovel? flower, was the gem of the exhibit Cecil .Hey, Grand!- flower ai.d Alice Luckmanalso beiogyery fine. Mr. H. J>armonth in his second prize stand lud Golden Gat>, Robert Owen aod Culonel Smith all vety fine specimens. Mr. Rich - mood 8 cored again for 6 novelties, blooms not previously exhibited in Hamilton. The pick of the»e was Madame Carnot a vei' laig-and betutifnl white, and Hotarci-Bi, a very fine brouzi flower. A very good anenome centre was" also shows. Several experts preferred Mr. West's second prize nortlty atand to the first, Primrose League and Sraothao, a heavy brot ze with light tip, being remark ably good flowers, and the lot being of very equal excellence. Ooe most striking of Mr. West's opw flowers was Tbe Queen, a lovely pale pink Jap with heavy petals. Mr. West scored heavily right through what might be termed the champion prizes. For the champion stand he wonld have b' en run very closely but that Mr. A. M'Donald's second prize lot were not properly ont. Mr. West's six shows in cluded Bendlgo, Eve and Lady Dorothy moat perfectly formed, as well as the re- doubtable Christmas Number, tbe pick of tbe lot. Amongst bis Japs was perhaps tbe finest of tbe new blooms shown Mrs. W. H. Lees, a large blush pink flower, most delicately coloured and beautifully shaped. Others were Dake of York Charles Davis and Vivian MorelL Of Mr. M'Donald's shows tbe new Globe D'Or, Jeanne D'Arc and Haste came to tbe froot, while the best of the Japs web Mrs. H. Payne. With such a marvellous collec tion of blooms to select from as Mr. West most have raised tbis season he was in- viooible in tbe Great Challenge Prize, Mr. H. Learmontb's stand being the only one which gave the judge. any difficulty in placing tbe first. Amoogst bis IS Japa Mr. West bad a splendid Colonel Smith, tbe beautiful Mrs. W. H. Lees again very fioe, Robert Owen, Doke of York, Florence Davis and Mrs. Dorothy Shea. In Shows tbe in evitable Christmas Number was again tbe gem, Globe D'Or, Pio Nouo, Antouella, and a new white Mr. J. Keao being all members of as fine a lot as has ever been staged. Mr. H. Learmonth scored 80 points nett with a.sple&did; lot of flowers, and was thus entitled to a share io the Challenge Prize money. Amongst his Japs Golden Gate, Vivian Morell, Ribert Williams, Robert Owen and Colonel Smith were all vety good, while in Shows Globe D'Or JeanneD'Are, Nil Desperandom. and Lord WoUeley were tbe best. Mr. R. Watson was a fair third with a very good lot, Lord Wolseley, Aoni Busts, Brookly Gem, being tbe tot of the shows.aod Lady T. Lawrence, Miss Dorothy Shea, and Heory Checsetnan (named after the judge), the finest Japs. Mr. West's best specimen of Christmas Number was described by Mr. Cbeesemao as being the most perfect flower that conldbe developed and it scored the prize for single bloom championship of the show. Robert Oiven, exhibited also by Mr. West, was tbe beat Jap, incurved, in tbe H'l! and Mrs. W. H. Lees tiio beet Jap reflexed. POT Plants. — Two varieties show chrysan themums — C. A Wiggins, 2. Oue show chry santhemum— C. A. Wiggins, 2. Two varieties Japanese chrysanthemums (1st end Sod specials by Mr. &. Diwell)— C. A. WiggiQS One Japanese chrysanthemum — C. A. Wiggins, X ; F. «\ Hughes, % One pumpone chrysanthemum — F. C. Hughe. Six pot plants, distinctsppcire l. \r. t n A. Wiggins, 1 ; W. Carter, 2. Foliage plant— C. A. Wiggins. Three varieties ferns- F Gr ed2. One fern.mudenhdr— W. H. Melville 1 ; E. Frivnd, 2. Cut Flows — Cbccnp'on stand. — Six Show Chrysanthemums incurred, and six Japanese (1st snecial by Mr. C. A Wigeins)— D. V. West, 1 ; W. H. Melville, 2 ; K Friend, 3. Twelve Japanese Chrysanthemums, distinct (1st, 2nd, and 3 'I special by Mr. B, Cbeeseman, Nursery man, Florut, etc., Melbourne) — D. V. West, 1 ; E. Friend, 2; W. H. Melville, 3. Six Japanese ; Cbryano'hemon)8, or their varieties, distinct i (l?t, 2nd, and 3rd sp-cals by Mr. W. Moodie Wando D.h) — H. J. Richmond, 1 ; E. Friend, 2; O. A. Wiggin, 3. Three Japanere Chrysan themums, or their von. - ties, distinct — H. J. Richmond. 1 ; C. A. Wiggin-, 2. Best J paness Chrysanthemums, incurred, to be picked by Judg from any stand in this class — H. J. Richmond. bfst Jausnese Chrysanthemum, reflexed, to ba picked by Judge from any ktiod in tins da<8 — D. V. West. Twelve Show Chrysanthemum, in curved, distioct, (1st and 2nd eperials by Mr. A. D. U'Dooold Nursery man, Hamilton)— D. V. Wtst, 1 ; W. H. Mel ville, 2 ; C. a. Wiggiiu, 3. biz Show Chrysan themums, incurved, distinct (let spec7al by Mr. N. Learmonth) — D. V. West, 1 ; W. H. M!» 1- ville 2 ; H. L-a»moDtb, 3. Thre« Show Chrysanthemums, incurved, distinct— D. V. Wesi, 1 ; H. Learmonth, 2 Best Show Chrysan themum, io be picked by Judges from any stand in tbis class (special by a friend) — IX. V. West Collection of white Japanese Chiysaoth-mums, not mure thaa twelve diat net varieties, must all named and true to name (1st special by Mr. W. B. Stephens 2od and 3ni speoials by Mr. W. H. Melville). — W. R, Stephens. Collection ot twelve chrysanthemum, best blooms and best assorted c Iocs, no dupl cates (1st, spatial by Mr. Carter)— S. Lesimontb, ! ; W. H. Melville, 2. Six varieties pomfrone cbrysaiitbvmums, three spikes of each allivti, not more than six inches above the si and (l«t, 2nd and 3rd specials by Mr. W. Moodie, u ar>do ! Dale) — F. C Hughes, I; F. Grerd, 2; W. Carter, 3. Thro- varieties puuipont chrysau- tbemums, three varieties of each allowed, not more th«n six inches »bove the stand — F. U. Hughes, 1 ; F» Greed, 2. ' Twelve cut flowers, distioct specie, three spikes allowed, not mors toAo one vanecy oi run species (nt ana zoa specials, plants to value «f priz s, by Messr. R. U. Nicolls aad.Cu., Ballarst, from flier 1896 catal Tbiec va>ieiiesd4hlus — C. a. Wiggins, 1; R> Friend, 2. One dahlia, show— E. Friend, 1 ; C. A Wiggius 2. CLASS III.— Opxn only to Amateurs, not previous W1HMEB8. CUT FLOWERS. Judge : Mr. A. M'Donald. Tbe flowers in tbis class were shown on tbe stage, and the division was on tbe whole somewhat weak in comparison to that of last year. The staging? was done in vety amateurish fashion in some cases, and ex-: biltits suffered considerably id appearance for this. Mr. J. W, Dannou opened tbe ball by taking first for six shows, a very good lot in which Jeanne D'Arc, Bendigo and Brookly Gem were the mnst .etrikiugv- Mr. A. Learmontb's second prize lot were all fair blooms, rather uraall, and not vriy -well got np,' Mre Roodell -beiogthebest of them. Mrs. Donnon oarried off first honours in three, Brookly Gem, Boron Hirseh Being the top' blooms, and. Mr. A. : Learmonth had aoother qpcood, bis stand including -a : vry obd Madame Darner. Mr. F. Prentice came in-for first award ; for tbe best show Incurved -with a good Baron HifScb ;McsOdanon«ebond, also with Baron Bireeh and the best Jap. in the class fell to Mr. Diwell. Mrs, Dnxmontiad about tbe best Lord. Brook, iu Uie show amongst dier six Japs . and tize half dozen slso ioplqded Rx- celworand Ltiy.J, Liyicionall/eiygpoA Mr. A Tiearmootiii . war sigain eeeond salt Glorie Do Rncbe and Golden Wedding, tbe bestofbiamx. The places were "ibe same for tbe threes, Mrs- Dnnnon Winning with flicee vary .fioe fiowers, fizcelnoriadyX . Lawrence: and.Golonel -Smith, wfaile iRorie DaBoche:wmgain.thefiestin3fcbewecond prize istand.v ,Mr.Frestioe ocorcd oocembre for:e«Dgle Jsp -rithcA A Kiml rsr; goqd/Mre.-, ponnop: pond Morell. T%e.tot!.eoti. ibaDpnoM wbofisd .rookJy -GemJSx-. riordBarouHirecb>Uveiyfiael,3riule: $Sr. ij&w;&Y; #>ps>d\prize. Atnod induded rd/.WMseley/jcanne.'D'i d vian Morell and tim «ame.TexbiMtpr:)bad be iipaonrbwiK; Ihe i stand in this clssa— &. Diwell. Six Japanese, chrysanthemums diti«»ct— Mra.- Donnon, 1 ; A Leormmith, 2. Ihwe Jspmea>.«hoiaitthe mums, distinct (1st and t>d specials by Mrs. Dnunmond) — Miv. Danuop, 1 A. Lermoot , . 2\. One JapanmechijMDtbemuinF.Preiitice, 1 ;M»«. Dunnoo, 2. Bes- Japanese chr- santhe- mum, incurved, t be .jdeked by judg» frotn any atand io tbv class — F. Prentce. Bet Ja-a'ieae chrysanthemum, refl x-d— R. Diwe'I. Collection of cbrysautht-mums, no duplicates, twelve distinct varieties (1st and 2od specials by Mr. W. H. MflriU-)— Un. Dunoon, 1; B. Di.ell, . j50dqcet3, Etc —Three bnttonhole honqaei. —Ma. L. Tatlock. Thive ahuid Hv. L. T.tlock, 