Every Tommy has His Tabby. If a cat doth meet a cat Upon a garden wall, And if a cat doth greet a cat Oh, why need they both squall ? Every Tommy has his Tabby Waiting on the wall. and yet he welcomes her approach By an unearthly yawl ! And if a kitten wish to court Upon the garden wall, Why don't he sit and sweetly smile, And not stand up and bawl ? and lift his precious track up high, And show his teeth and moan, As if 'twere colic more than love. Almost any man knows more than his father until he is forty years old. Then he drops into the ranks of the ignorant, and be- gins to take lessons. " I loved you once," he said, in a re- proachful tone. " Well," she responded, " I don't want the earth. Once is enough." Nellie : " What's your favourite instru- ment, Daisy ?" Daisy : " The mandolin." Nellie : " Of course you prefer anything that has a man about it." Isaac : " Repecca, led's get married ride avay quick." Rebacca : " What for you in such hurry, Ikey ?" Isaac : " Der sooner ve marries der sooner come dot golden wedding, ain't it ?" Her Justification. " At whom are you grinning, my pretty maid ?" " Atchoo ! atchoo ! kind sir," she said. " I think, sweet lass, you're very bold." " I had to sneeze, sir—I've got a cold." Friend (after tea) : " Your little wife is a brilliantly-handsome woman. I should think you would he jealous of her." Ohio Man (confidently) : To tell the truth Simpkins, I am. I never invite any- body here that any sane woman would take a fancy to." It Is In the Future. Hunker : " Hello, Ricketts, when is your marriage to Miss Munn coming off ?" Ricketts : " It has been indefinitely post- poned." " What's the trouble ?" " Oh, she married another fellew." " Do you take any periodicals ?" asked a young minister on his first visit to one of his parishioners. " Oh, no, sir," replied the good woman. " I never do, but I'm sorry to say that my husband takes a periodical about once in every two months. I wish you could induce him to sign the pledge." A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram-shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ?" asked the farmer, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Are you really ?" exclaimed the old re- probate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. " Mon, came awa. Gie's a shake o' your hand ; I'm married to a sister o' yours." 