THE BOERS AND THE G CYCLIST. ,., r?. About three years ago a wandering cyclist threw a whole district of the Transvaal into a paroxysm of super stitious terror. Travelling by night, his advent would have been unnoticed if two young Boers, early abroad in search of strayed bullocks, had not seen the "spoor" or track, of the wheelman. *With the curiosity of their race, they followed it for some miles, being anxious to see " the man who could trundle a wheelbarrow so far without a rest." After an hour's tracking one re marked: "This fellow must be a thief ; let us go and tell the landdrost" (magistrate). Accordingly the worthy Dutch " beak" was brought on the scene, and he was accompanied by a score of armed Boers. The whole party followed the path taken by our cyclist. Halting at noon, whilst the horses grazed, the mysterious trail was the ob ject of much scrutiny. Suddenly one farmer exclaimed: "Look here, landdrost, if it was a barrow, where is the "spoor" of the man who wheeled it ? " " My goodness ! " exclaimed that offi cial, "I never thought of that. Let's see- yes, here is the wheel right enough ; but where is the footprint? It is, it must be-yes, yes ; ride, boys, ride ; it's a spook (ghost) !" To this day that portion of the road is not traversedtby'any of the Dutch farmers. For half a century a man known as Billy Mustard has dwelt in the hollow of a huge sycamore tree, near Hamil tn, Ohio. He is said to be the second human tenant of the tree, Frederick Woodhouse, artist, 245 George-street, Fitzroy, reports stolen, at Fitzroy, on the 26th inst., a small black and tan toy terrier slut pup, three months old, very little hair on, Value £3 3s. Hostess ; " Are you a musician, Mr. Muse '" Muse (who is dying to give an exhibition of his ability): " Well--er -yes, I think I can lay claim to some knowledge of music." Hostess: "I am delighted to know it. My daughter is about to play, and I should be very glad if you would kindly turn the music for her." Brown: "I want you to come and take that burglar-alarm out of my house." Electrician: "Doesn't it work I" Brown : "Work ! It has scared a burglar to death, and his widow has sued me for damages," ., 