Chapter yyi. REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND EOR GIVENESS. re$~" And this leads us back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. '"Walsh were rescued from the house in Jjeeds. I That New Tear’s Day was spent in con sidering what their future course should be. For most of their sakes it was found highly [necessary to leave Deeds. * Neither Deborah mor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. "Walsh and Margaret were both anxious to get out [of the reach of "Walsh and Bob Preston. Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, is far as personal safety was concerned, for, as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as ho still wished to leave Lady Clayton and .Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that ho was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor recognised in the city. He, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other members of the party were William Simc and (his mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger cither from Walsh or Bob Pres ton ; but William was a fond and devoted lover, and if Margaret was to depart, ho could not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one ^important element required to bo taken into account, and that was the financial. William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker and could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet earned a subsistence, and the difficulty with ffijm was how to do it. It was highly neces sary that it should be done. He happened |to have a few pounds in his purse, and a splendid gold watch in his fob, when im mersed in Waterloo Lake, and on further ex amination he found a valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as he knew not how long he might require to trust to his own resources, ho thought it would bo wise to use the produce only for his necessities. Ho felt that it would be —— Jinirablr to earn something. not only who" were so far thrown "oil iiio'oUiu.1. Tin., was a long time puzzled to" think How this might be done. Various plana occurred to him, most of which were abandoned as im practicable almost as soon as formed. At length one bright idea struck him, and it ap peared so feasible that he stuck to it. For lyears pasthe had been a most enthusiastic ! amateur photographer and he thought that !by buying the apparatus and all things neces isary he might realise something by the art. IWith this view he sold his gold watch and [diamond pin, and bought the requisite in struments and chemicals. The only question inow was where to go to put the experiment ito the test. A very short consultation be itween William and himself made them fix on ! Manchester, and they at once removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty |houBO. William Sime at once got employ ment in a watchmaking establishment; and lAlbert, under the designation of Monsieur (La Ferro, commenced business as a photo grapher. He succeeded admirably, and was [largely patronised—Harry being a most effi cient assistant to him. In his leisure hours ho wrought at an oil painting, which he ,tliought of sending to tho next Exhibition— .taking for his subject the incident on the Lako when ho nearly became tho victim of I Walsh. At this painting ho was labouring, iwith Harry as his delighted helper, when Nelly demanded his aid. i For the few weeks in which they had lived in this secluded* manner in Manchester they [had been very comfortable and happy, often (■wondering among themselves how Nelly (■would be getting on with her master, and iwhut would be her conjectures as to th9 non appearance of Deborah in "Woodhouse-lane [with news of Harry. Frequently they ithoaght of communicating with her, but tho risk they thereby ran of betraying to their .eneimas the place of their retreat kept them fjlo&t.; Little aid they dreamjhat the sub ject of their solicitude was connnca at a iew rooms’ distance from them tinder the gaoler ship of Walsh. j Her singular and unexpected appearance , among them was hailed with extreme satis faction. Sho had not only escaped from the | camp of the enemy, but she came laden with j all their secrets. Nelly’s escape would bring ! matters to an issue ; and Albert Clayton, J who felt that with him lay the duty of taking j action, was puzzled how to proceed. Tho | situation was a very critical one. Lady Clayton and Chipps would fight tho battlo unscrupulously, and with the fiorcest deter mination. He was likewise aware that they had a certain advantage on their side, inas much as they would compel him to prove, first of ail, Harry’s identity, and then his legitimacy—two things difficult at all times, and doubly so here on account of the private manner in which his parents had been mar ried. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Pondering over these things, Albert Clay ton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor—Hr. Ball—whom Lady Clayton had, dismissed when she came into power, and pili.the management into tho. hands of Chipps. Ho would call upon him and lay before him all tho information of which he was himself possessed. For. the present, however, ho decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached in the illness of Walsh. Tho latter still lay delirious under his violent fever, his wife and Margaret watching closely beside him. Not withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as ho lay uncon scious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate his pain. In this merciful and loving ministration sho was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her life and consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter’s affec Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared not to ap pear in the sufferer’s sight lest he might re cogniso him, and bo filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only con sider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For»twenty days Walsh lay unconscious under tho power of tho fever, his natural rugged strength and tho vigour of his con stitution sustaining him under its severity, though tho watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was called in did his utmost to check the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to his breathing, which-had for some time been soft, low and regular, he stirred slightly, and when they looked they saw him open his eyes and gaze at them wit,h intelligence. Tho wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a calmness rested on his features. He looked steadily at both of them for a place is this we arc in? This is. not our house.” “ No, James,” she gently answered. “ Do you feel yourself better now?” “Better?” ho repeated, “what’s tho matter with mo ?” “ You have been very ill.” “ Have I ? Nonsense. I have bad but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now.” . He tried to sit up, but to his surprise found he could not even lift his hand to his head. His utter weakness told him what she said was true. “I have been, ill, havo I ?” ho muttered. “ I thought it was just a long bad dream. What has been the matter with me, and where are we ? At Keighley’s ?” “ No, James,” sho replied. “We are in Manchester.” “Manchester?” ho repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. “ What are we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit,” ho sud denly added, my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer.” He lay for somo time in deep reflection, which they did not caro to interrupt. Evi dently tho recent past was coming to his re membrance. “I recollect all now,” he said; “but where is the girl—sho was with mo when I was taken ill.” Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the par ticulars of Nelly’s flight, and how both Bho and himself had changed quarters. “ And that was last night,” he said. “ Oh, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. You have been delirious all the time, and Margaret and I havo watched over you.” He fixed upon her a look of intense as tonishment. “ But how do you happen to be here ?” he asked after considerable'pause. “ We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after:—after yon night,” she replied, striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, “and we came here, and havo been hero ever since; but, James, I think you should not mrvjo -ppnr—are very weak. lie gave her another peculiar glance, and \- a blush of shame glowed for a moment onhiB “ I believe you are right, wife,” ho said ; “ but I suppose it is all up now with ChippB and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary,” he added, bitterly, “ very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows.” . “ Hush, James, do not speak so,” she an swered. “Nelly is in this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to “ Ha, you are—you must be deceiving me. The girl would take tho first opportunity to be off to Leeds.” “Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you,” said his wife, earnestly. "What I say is true—every word; and you know I never told a lie.” “No,” returned Walsh, slowly; “but it the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then bo satisfied. “ I will bring her,” said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes Bhe returned, accom panied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad-to know he was somewhat better. “ You have not been to Leeds?” he said. “I havo not,” sho replied. “No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present.” This 'assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, for ho turned his head to the other side of the bed, and immediately sank into a deep sleep. 1 For many days after this he lay in a state 1 of great prostration, quite conscious, but verv weak—helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended -,':S S3 tho while, doing her utmost to .pro mote his comfort and restore his strength.. He received her attentions in silence; but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en during mental suffering; and this ho was silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, 'and unable to chase away . reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, ho^ thought how little ho deserved such kindness* at the hands of his wife. JuBtly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely ihe had placed himself beyond tlio- palo of her sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten dant by his sick bed, watching him with tho most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and.sup plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was i neaping coals of fire on his head, and no more i effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. What is there on earth more terrible to en dure than the pangs of remorse 1 Oh, it is a : dreadful realisation when the soul, deep ; stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in dignation. But this is hot all—this is not the worst; tho judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is something liko the satisfying sense of making atonement; but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and self- reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow, too heavy to sustain., Walsh felt'this in-all its' horror, for he,-thought of tho .time when '.first /he, ..folded.hia-youthfu], ; Moomlng Brary; tp; his heart, and whispered to her words of love. What suffering. had he brought upon her,. and how different it might have'been! But now—now ho was tho worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence.. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was Bleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up she saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as she had sup posed—he lay gazing intently upon her, and j an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him-. “ Mary,” said he, “how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you knowthat I committed the worst of crimes ?” “Because we bear no malice, James,” an swered his wift!. “ This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious ex ample. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us—but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake.” “And yet, Mary,” groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, “ you have cause to hate mo as badly as woman ever hated man. Don’t you remember when I wooed and won you in tho woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? ' It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary?” “Yes,'James, I remember well,” sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. “ Many years have passed since then ; but what have they brought to you? Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this ■uiiu invru you 'n,t, a' wr'fiii'gWiiiid b&trayeu; wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till I lay in my helplessness, and saw you watch ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream—would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned.” “ Hush, James; dp not talk thus,” said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. “ This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been par doned, and-” “ That is not, cannot be true,” interrupted Walsh, hastily. “ A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against mo. I am a murderer.” Mrs. Walsh was sileht. She was sure he was alluding to tho supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him —at least before she had taken counsel of others. “ I can make no atonement for my deeds,” continued the remorseful man; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from tho illness, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess tho crime, and suffer for it.” His wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. “Don’t leave me, Mary,” pleaded Walsh. “I will return immediately,” she an swered, and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when Bhe again entered the room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man’s “ James,” she said in a solemn, impressive tone, “you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton.” “I did—I did,” groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one hand. “ But,” continued his wife, “ I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro ~5cf.nntly cnTrirtfiT.n3i‘—>gani-tI,o Anpit ffcjpg • 'He suddenly took away'his.'hatfd and re-' garded her with a look of amazing inquiry! “Yob, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard: the youth’s cries. .They had taken shelter be hind a tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not see them. They, how ever, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to tho edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the surface. At groat risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him.” “ Mary, you are mocking me,” cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. “No, James; what I state, is a solcmr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. ’ He if at this moment alive and well, and his rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover.” “Alive—Albert Clayton .alive!” ho re peated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. “ It is false—it is a de lusion! I will not believe it.” “Will you believe the evidence of yom own eyes, then?” cried a cheerful voice,'and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered tho room, dressed exactly as he had becD when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to tho Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. “ Come, feel me,” said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he ap proached the bed; “feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn’t mean to let any of you know—at least at present—that I am still in the land of the living; but as Mrs. Walsh tells mo you are full of repentance and re morse on account of my supposed death, I thought I would case your mind a_bitb? lot j ting you know the truth. .1 don’t think you will make a had use of the knowledge.” “ Thank God your blood does not lie on my soul,” gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of rer j lief. “ I feel some hope now. I may aban don my wicked life and reform.” “ That’s right,” returned Albert. “It’s not the thing for a fellow like, you, who was once an honest, righthearted man, to givo yourself up to villainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have the making of a noble fellow, if you will only shako off the connection with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton-,’who are bad ;fo tho core, evoryono of them. Now, what say ■you.'? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do the right thing, and we’ll stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self- respect, and be happy yet with your angel of a wife ?” ' “God bless you, sir!” exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. “Heaven help me, I will' do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive mo ?” “ Gladly, James—joyfully.” 