THE TURF. The Broken Hill Jockey Club have issued an attractive bill for their Spring meeting on Monday, November 9, the card including a Maiden Race value 15 sovs., Hurdle Race of 4lLspvs. r: Bance of Wales Handicap 50 soys., 'Birthday Handicap SO sots., Welter Handicap 25 sots., and Forced Handicap, of 15 boys. Nominations for the principal events close with Mr. J. Souter, secretary, on October 20, at 8 p. in., and weights will be declared on October 27. The Ghost broke his bridle while he was tied up at the Parkside Hotel on Monday and had not been found late in the evening. Anyone finding this erratic customer would be re warded by taking him to the Lord Baglan Ownen and trainers who intend taking part in the Moonta races will bear in mind that nominations close on Thursday, October 8, at 8 p.m., with Mr. James Liddell, ban. secretary. On Thursday evening W. Pilling will play W. E. Stephenson a match of 500 up at the Land of Promise Hotel, Hindmarsh. Mr. S. Hordera has sent Cravat* Armenia, and the Metropolitan winner (The Skipper) to represent him at Flemincton. The latter carries penalties of 14 lb. in the CanMield, and 10 lb. in tbe Melbourne Cap, making his weight 9 st. 4 lb. and 8 st. 10 lb. respectively. Fort has been withdrawn from bis Spring engagements through one of bis legs filling, ana Be is not likely to race again for some time. Good Shot, the winner of the Two- year-old Handicap at Flemington on Saturday, was bred by Mr. D. H. Hill, at Lindenow, and was sold as a yearling for 35 guineas. Though smaller, Yashmak is a very neat filly. She is | daughter of the imported Isonomy horse. Pilgrim's Progress. . Both Good Shot and Yashmak, as well as Toxic, who ran third, are in the Maribyrnong Plate. Another jockey victim to racecourse acci dents was on Sunday added to the lons list, William English, with whom -Regalia fell in the Brush Hurdle Handicap at Canterbury Park races on the previous day (remarks the Sydney TeUjraph) succumbing to Ilia injuries in tbe Western Suburbs Hospital. At one time EngHsh was in the front rank of his pro fession, aad won the Melbourne Cup on Arsenal. Subsequently he was rather un lucky, and of late days has been riding at pony sad galloway meetings. , The unfortunate fellow was not a stranger to falls, and it is believed that at the time of receiving the fatal injuries referral fc> he had in his head a plat? which ? former aeritient bad rendered neoes- Bary. . ' . Tbe Waveriey jockey, H. Koran, is said to have been retained to ride Bight Honorable in his Caulfield and Melbourne Cups engage ments. The New Zealand-bred Osculate has been pot into work again at Eandwick. Among the regulars at work an Saturday, says the Telegraph, were Sabretache, Tridentate, : Armenia, Cravat, The Skipper, Charge, and Llena, and that collection were treated to strong gallops, left-handed. ' Mr. H. Oxen-, ham's colors win, be represented during the, coming Victorian racing campaign, the levia than bettor having decided to send Syerla, Loch Isle, and Windfall over the border on Wednesday or Thursday evening next. There are also yet to go Llensand the A.J.C. Defby winner Chatre, who is in the "V.K.G. Derby and in the Melbourne Gap. Consequent on bis Bandwick success, Chargeis Gup weight is raised from 6st 12 Ib. to 7et 6 lb. Sabre tache, Tridentate, Patriot, sad perhaps Car tridge are also likely to oroes the DordEr. The jockey John Anwin will, it is -said, bs entrusted -with the responsible duty of riding Newbaven itt ffieTlC. Derby and Mel boameCiip. It was S. J. Gardiner who rods ~that colt in liis Randwiok fimtagelnenfes. At theVreoeht wring meeting of tne Tas "imiiui Easing Club at Hobar^ the book m&jkers; \- stood 'out oti 'Strung and the ctnb institntad a ''blind* tojaliiitor, which it is said worked satisfactorily. vDsanien, whb "Won thepjSacmal flat race at Flemingtah an Saturday—the Helton Handi cap, one mile and a quarter—is a four-year-old boy geldinp, by Off Color—The Nun, and is trained privately at Queenseliff. where Hop scotch will finish his prepsrariop. He is engaged ra Che Caulfiald Oup atT.at 6 Ib., and in the Melbourne Cup' at 7st 4 lb. Prior to Saturday his only victory was at Camperdown last January. when Ke won fire Maiden Plate, one mile. In tbe autumn be went over to Sydney, and was heavily backed for tbe Sydney Cop, won by Wallace. He carried 6st 13 Ib. bat ran nowhere, aUbntigb. he led into tin straight He has since improved a great deal in appearance (says the Age), an 3 should he be fancied by his astute obimectioins he should betard to beat during the spring .campaign. The euocess which the Padlock stock have to Bend nine mans to him at Corowa. The list includes Irma, fuU sister to Eortassi, by Neckeragat—Perhaps; Aphta, by Bras-defer ? No. 8, by The Hook; and Braka, by Enfilade —Beetle, adaoriiterol Free Frou. Although the date of the first noes for two-year-olds has been pat back twomc?iHis it H evident Mir. Miller still cherisheS hopes' of continuing to win tbe early priz? with precocious youngsters of ?ib Hw and Bask stamp. 'As givui? some idea of tbe enormous amount of work the ?most fashionable jockeys in England are lulled upon to do, it may be stated that between March 23 and August 21 last F. Alaopp rode in 519 races, T. Lnates in 448, and M. Cannon in 438; and they won 66, 13d. -'and 111 races respectively. These figures will also ?erne to -show tbe princely incomes some members of that profession mast be' in receipt of. " ? . . Tboagb tbe last Great Hbor Handicap Plate at York was worth 923 eora., it attracted but four runners, and Dingle Day (7 st 91b.) and Posterity (7 st' 6 lb.) ran a dead heat. Tbe latter was favorite in the run oft bat was beaten. Dingle Day, who is owned by Lord Derby, is by Minting from Dingle, by Glen dale bom Angelica (4am of OimeV and his victory should be pleasing to Mr. S. Hordetn, for one of that gentleman's recent importations, the two-year-old filly by Prince Eudolph, is a granddaughter of Agehca. . The owners of Emnjales are reported to hive refused an offer of 1,000 guineas for the V.B.C. Grand National winner. It is said to Bive been made by Mrs. Langtry, the pur chaser of Maluma. The will of th? late English trainer, Mr. William Goiter, was recently proved at £6.65313 a. 3d. Tbe AnstraUaa-bred Norbet was sold a few WBeks ago at Colombo for Ba. 1,(60. It is only a year since that he brought between Bs. 8.000 and 10,000. It is ' not surprising to learn from a San Francisco paper tint the new woman has broken out in a fresh place, and, leaving the bike and bifurcated Jgarinena behind, has adopted the role of the Amazon of old and now wants to enter the pugilistic arena. Our "Frisco contemporary writes:—Miss T-gr^-Wip Bowan, tie young woman of Cali fornia, who has challenged Gorbett to meet herihaecientsnc sparring contest, and whose father killed himself as soon as he heard of the matter, is not, a? you might imagine, a brawny woman of £ngi\i*i*n appearance. She v, on the wulraiy, a rose-cheeked lass with a sweet voice and a, very' girlish ? manner. She took to athletic exercue ia tbe begin ning merely for the sake of health, but became so fond of it that even after she" had built up a Bbrong physique she devoted herself assrdnously to some of the arduous forms of physical exercise. She began her athletic career at Mrs. Beed's private school in this city, a fashionable bnantinghpme, where gymnastics form an important part of the corricnlum. From New York she "went as on invalid to her oncto in Los An?ete, and here she took to boxing, punching, and hand baU playing. Jive years ago she went en the stage, and her daily exercise stood her in good stead, for, in spite of Hie fatiguing work she was called upon to do. she retained her M~"""?E complexion and her dear eyes. She told no one of her -intention to the cbnmpidn until sbe bad carefully trained her self for tbe encounter. Her announcement came to her friends like a thunderbolt out of a dear aky. "I am quite in earnest mmy challenKe," she said. "I know it sounds dreadfnt, ttet { don't look st tbe matter in that way. I have-made a Btdentific study of boxing and I feel convinced that I can meet Mr. Oorbett upon an equal footing. AH I want is sufficient notice, and then I wQI meet him anywhere he likes. Of ooarae Ido not want to tight him. I simply want to epar tor points. Of course I know that if be struck me one clear blow it would be a complete knock-out. I have been training now f ornoarly a year. I take exercise is my room and walk to the park every day. Early jevery morning I ride to the beach, and when I find it deserted I take a little ran. I find that I get more exercise out of 10 minntes' run on tbe sand than I could get in half an hour on firmer .ground. I have met several professional boxers, and have stood op before them for five or euc rounds. When I box I wear a sweater and bloomers made of ? dark doth and per fectly plain. I cannot tell you bow anxious lam to put on the gloves nrith Corbett. His work, I know, is thoroughly scientific, and that is why I want to box with bun." Tbe death of her father bas otit changed Miss Botran's determination. Her challenge bas been conveyed to Corbett-and has thrown him into no little embarrassment. "It's the strangest proposition I ever received," he ?aid, j "and I haven't yet decided what to do about < it. If I decline her challenge tbe companion-^ ?hip goes to bar by default. If I accept it and become at all interested m the contest I would be terribly afraid of hurting her." The programme of the Gawler Jockey Club's meeting on tbe Prince of Wales's birthday will be found in bar advertising columns this morning, and it will be seen that it has been shaped on very liberal lines, the committee having' made an increase of £80 in the value of stakes on last year, -and' they now offer for tbe Handicap Hardies 75 com, Flying JTandioap BO eovi^i Prrace of Wales Handicap 125 soys., Steeple chase 120 soys. Welter Handicap CO soys., and Evanston Handicap 60 eovs. These stakes should induce large entries and a good meet ing, and nominations may be made with the secretary (Mr. G. Buckingham) up till C p.m. on Tuesday, October 13, orwini Mr. Deeney, at the Coterion Hotel, Adelaide, up till 8 p.m. on tie same evening. ~Weigbts will appear on Tuesday, October 20. 