THE DROUGHT IN THE NORTH. A FEW FACTS A]STD FIGURES. THE COUNTRY EAST OF TEROWIE A DEPLORABLE STATE OF THINGS. [By our Special Reporter.! Drought! There is a hungry, hollow, deathly sound about the very word, which spells rnin to many. No wondor people in the citvare wont to shudder and erow Bvmnathetic when they hear of the privations of the poor formers, but ono,wants to go among those who suffer to realize the woful consequences of a visitation of the dread fiend. Little do those whose thoughts are distracted by such things is share booms, with tho fascinating prrapect of hundred or thousand per cent, profits, know of what to - day is staring many Northern husbandmen in tho face. All these sons of toil are asking for is enough to live upon, sufficient to keep body and soul together, and they mercifully implore Provi dence to send them rain. What prayers of thanksgiving and songs of grsat joy would they not pour forth from the bottom of their hearts if the same seasonable showers and warm sunshine which have blessed the South East this year had only fallen on their dry, parchod, and thirsty acres. It was about 1S86 that a terrible drought caused a fearful slato af things iu the North, and tho conditions which have so far obtained in a great portion of tho northern areas is tho nearest approach to the experiences of that not-soon-to-be-forgotteu timo when sheep, cattle, and horses died in liundreds and thousands. Prom the windows of j railway carriage ono is not in a position so gain any idea of the stato of the country, Hid so wero I to write simply and solely what thus camo within my range of vision the picture would in no sense represent a true stato of things, bad as it would be ; but in conversation first with ono and then with mother, hero meoting a traveller and there a Farmer, I gathered information which, when written, will finable the reader to see behind tho scenes. Yoa, as they say in tho theatrical world, behind that strange little row of lights, where everything is robbed of its glamour, and you behold things, not as they seem to bo, but a3 they arc Now, listen to tho talc which no doubt before it is ended will dispel the idea existent in tho minds of some that 'cockies' generally are blessed with a healthy, happy, comfortable existence, and prove conclusively that farming after all is not, colloquially speak ing, the game it is cracked up to be. It was by tho early North train on Tuesday morning that I found myself a passenger. Among those in the samo carriage was the Hon. A. R. Addison, who was on his way homo to Orroroo, aud in answer to a question as to the stato of the country up his way the legislator said : — ' Terrible ; worse than I ever saw it before in my sixteen -years' experience of the placo. It is bad from Terowio right up to forty miles the other side of Hawker, and there it is a little better. The stock are dying in all directions, and thousands more will perish during the next few months. The farmers, I think, are to blame for not putting by a, little straw to help to tido over tho difficulty. Straw would not make tho stock fat, but it would keep them alive. Rain now would not be too late for wheat, although some of it would be lost through 'malting,' but it would not prevent the cattle from dying; indeed, they would 'give up the ghost' faster.''' Sitting alongside rno was Mr. It. S. Palmer, who travels for Messrs. A. W. Sand ford and Company, and lie told me that he had recently travelled from Brink worth right through to Mundoora, m route calb'ng at Kooluuga, Red hill, Collinsfield, a,nd Keilli, and that the cry everywhere was for rain. Redhill, which is a favoured spot, looked the best; bo said the wheat was coming up nicely there. Mr. Palmer then went to Nuriootpa, and from there out to Moculta, where the cry of the people was still that they wanted rain. They had been favoured with some, but not nearly enough. The farmers wero busy putting in their crops. My informant continued, 'At Nuriootpa and Angaston the country is look ing very nice, but on the Murray Flats a dread ful state of things exists, tho cattle dying and the people starving. From Clare down to Auburn, and even to Saddleworih, things are looking beautiful. About three- weeks ago I was iu the South-East, and there the opinion is expressed that it is the beat season experienced for the last twenty 3rears ; and that applies from Bordertown right on to Mount Gambier. But as far as the middle North is concerned it is ono of the worst years known. About Quoni, Bool cunda, Oooleunda East, and Palmer Plains the seed was sown from six weeks to two months ago. They had about a quarter of an inch of rain, but it wants a good soaker to bring tho wheat up. Tho ground cakes, and although the seed germinates it cannot force its way through the hard crust, and then tho tender growth turns under.' The train sped along, but nowhere was tho prospect any too bright, and there could be 110 question that a good downfall would prove of incalculable benefit. Ab'ghting at the Burra, I had afow minutes' chat with Mr. Martin, the statioumaster. His wasn't all a tale of woo; there was a little of the silver lining to tho dark cloud. ' Wo are not so badly olf,' he said, 'as our neighbours. Tho hills around seem to strike the clouds and break them. They had a good fall between hero and Morgan, but it is not sufficient. It started the rooted grass, but it wants a soaker to set the grass-seed growing.' Mr. Martin then introduced me to Mr. Ti vor, who was able to say something about the country east of the Burra. '? Very bad, 'hasaid, sen lentiously f and then, as if to emphasize the remark, ho repeated ' very bad.' 'The sheep' he went on, 'are dying in thousands. Ono man alone — Mr. Ford— has lost 3,000.' ' You had a good fall of rain out there tho other day?' Isaicl interrogatively. ?'Yes, but they haven't derived any benefit from it yet,' he added. 'If it rains to-day we don't reap any advantage to-night. There will bo no lambing.' Tho porter cried out lustily, 'Seats, please,' aud so the conversa tion was cut short. At Terowie I mot a man with an experience, ho having travelled overland alone from Goolgardie to Hergott with camels. He was able to inform me that from Denial Bay to Arcoodby the country is very bad. Ho then ran on — 'At Kingoonyah tho bush is good, but there is very little grass. Towards Mount Ebor there is some roally first- class grass. At Mount Ebor itself the feed is dry ; the bush is g(K-d, but it wants ran to freshen it. Miller's Creek can bo classed about tho same. From Coward down the country is very bad until you get within a few milos of Hergott. Round Her KOtt the prospect is very good, especially the bush. From Hergott down it is patchy until you arrive at Hawker, and then it is really deplorable. I never saw anything like it in my life.' After lunch Mr. H. Weinrieht, tho landlord of the Royal Hotel, put n couple of horses into his trap and took me for a few hours' drive. We went in a south-easterly direction along the foot of theMunjibbie Ranges and into Yarcovie. We were not far out of the township when we came upon a poor, starved, gaunt horse lying in the middle of the road in its last struggles with death. What, had it done to deserve such an end? Poor brute, it had turned round and round until it had described a complete circle iu the brown earth. What expression there is iu even the eye of a horse, and as wo passed the dumb creature raised its head with an effort, gazing up in awful despair, gave a stifled broken-hearted neigh, its flesh trembling 1 horribly the while, and then fell back to die in agony. It seemed terrible that the faithful servant of man should pay such a penalty. On wo passed up the incline, and when we got between the sotting sun and the cultivated land we were easily able to pick out tho growing wheat. Tn some cases especially where it had been early sown, the plane looked strong and healthy and doing well under tho influence of the showers that fell a fortnight since. O'Hara's acres pre sented a particularly refreshing appearance, the laud being in splendid tilth, and the young wheat strong and vigorous. It had a good holding, and with ram should do well. Mr. O'Hara is a practical farmer, and good work is repaid by good results. Tho dams on either sido of the road were full of water. Near by I was pointed out a nice property with a capital homestead and other improve ments, which had fallen out of tho hands of a well-to-do farmer and into the possession of the Bank, and tho cause of this was not bad seasons but share speculation. We drove over the stock route, whore the spear-gr;iss was springing up nicely, and into the town3hip of Yarcowie. Situated in a- basin, the chief characteristics of this unpretentious town are three Churches, two of which aro practically closed, a two-storied public-house which is not licensed, and two scores, one of which is burnt down. At tho ono-stor? hostelry we alighted and had a refresher, iwid mine host said he did not do enough business. to keep himself warm. Lively ! '. ! Proceeding on in *a westerly direction v:o took the main road loading to Jamestown, and turned round at the foot of Mount Sly. On our left we saw a. doxan or more evidently fair hordes, but several of them presented the appearance of having been fed on shavings seen through green spectacles. Unfortuaato beasts, they hadn't even as much as this to satisfy thsir cravings. A good gale of wind would have assuredly blown them down, and the carnivora at U10 Zoo would have turnod up their noses had such skeleton carcasses been pre sented to them for their 3.30 p.m. repast. In the distance was to bo ssen Caruowie, and. best feature of all it was at the time enveloped in rain clouds, which seemed to be profusely dib chargiug their rich blessings on the run. ' Keeping along the turnpike under the Yon gal.i Ranges wo were boon abreast of Mr. Kornetzki's homestead, which is a credit lo the owner and the district. A couple of miles further spin brought us to Mr. Jenkins's home, and here we paid our re spects to one of the mo.« practical husbandmen in the district. Notwithstanding the bad season, Mr. Jenkins was hmiling, and every thing around him !-ec;nod to bo prospering. He has a Mascotte, but is i» within the reach of mostly overy one. ]tia intelligence allied to industry, llo has a couple of splendid dams and k wind.niil close to tho house, which is surrounded by nourishing sugar-gums and pcpper-trces. A great show of chrysanthe mums, irrigated from tho mill, aio just dropping thoir heads and fading with their season. The stoc-k around was in .splendid condition, and capable of doii:g a goon day's work. Round a big blazing fire Mr. Jenkins gave me a little information, and in his happy sentences he unconscioiis-ly let fall the secret of his success, and his words are well worthy of careful study and consideration by ail thobu who live on the land,' as. he does. ' Things are looking lwttor than they did,' he said. 'The wheat is coming up uicely, but feed is scarce. A fortnight last Sunday we had rain, and light showers fell for a week, which freshened tho country up. Half an inch of rain would do a lot of good now. We wouldn't growl if we hid li in., but, half an inch would keep things going nicely. Siuou the rain wo have had several wvere fronts, which havo cut the gra^ aud prevented its springing up. I haven't lost any sheep through poverty, though they aro rather low in condition. I keep most of my shcop at Wonna, tibout ten milos east. They have: had moro rain there than hero, that part of the coun try getting 11 in., while we only had S00 points. The sheep aro doing very well. I generally lamb them down out there because it is wanner. I expect 85 per cent, of lambs. I heard of a man losing twenty horsjs at Wonnn. Tho worst of these people is that when they get a good so-u- oa they don't provide for a bad one. They don't -avo their straw or anything else. I have three old strawstacks, and tho cattle ha\o eaten them round to such an extent that they present tho appearance of mush rooms. Sou see, the straw not only provides tho beasts with feed, but v.ith shelter also. Then I have a fched a chain long, which 1 £11 with 'cocky* or wheat chalf. On this I feed tho horses, giving them two bags of ' cocky' to one bag of hay chaff. I believe this alone has saved me £40. My horse1! havo picked up since seeding, and are now in splendid condition for fallowing1, and that is all they have had. Some years 1 have filled the shed, and the stuff has not been used, and has had lo be carried out. But it is better to havo to cart it out than to want it. We like to get rain iu the middle of April, so as to have autumn foed, but if it is delayed till now it is too cold for the herbage to grow. In tho condition the stock ara now about tho country they will die faster with yrecn pickings and the cold weather, but a little straw aud whe.'tc chaff will stay this condition of things. On the fallowed and well-cultivated land I entertain no fear about the wheat. Last year, bad as tho season was I reaped 12 bushels to the acre. I think the country is too dry for dairying. To carry on tho industry you want green fodder iu the summer time, and that cannot be depended upon.'1 Bidding nv rcroir to Mr. Jenkins, the model farmer, we pursued our co'ir-a homewards in tho dusk of (.lie twilight. (n tho owning I met Mr. (J. P. Jloopor, the Mji-'^er of Cpvo & Co. 's mill. He said the eondiLion :if things which he saw would simpiy niaks1 one's heart bleul. lie was speaking of the farmer* enst of Terowie, a stretch of co'.ir.tiy which i.- in a deplorable state. He .'aid— 'They want produce, and they com-; into the township with perhaps a third oi a con nf v,o*.*\ tn nflor. A man cm.e in yesterday w ah a four-horse I'-ain, all the animal;, bfing iiiiy?rahlr! wrecks. He had IJ tons of wood, aud he wanted to take homo soniothii'K to la~t tho family for a fortnight. It takes ? couplo nf days to bring it in a distance of 1 ighi miles. Thu poor man hiniMjlf hadn't tho strength to take tin* load a fav/ hundred yaid-s tn a purchaser in the? town ship. I reckon the stato of tho country could not be worse; it is simply damnable. Fire wood is all tha people have got, and it is really pitiful to see them. I have set-n women in some cases with four miserable hoi^c, aud in othor in^'-anc'Cb with hix or eight po.«r li an bullocks, and it is no e^iggeration to say that the animals have had to bo helped off the weighbridge. A t le:ist they have one season in say seven, but thi3 yoarit is exceptionally bad. They haven't had the stock die like it before. AH the farmers arc combining and piling the dead earcasios up in heap*. The area under cultivation exceeds that of former years, but thero are some peoplo out there who did not get anything otf tho land last year, and of eourw they have br-wi unable to put any grain in thi;-. The bones are .'-ticking through the hordes' bkins, and I have seen them drop down in the street. It i« a poor clats of farmer settled on tho land 1 speak of. To the west the rainfall ii more certain, and a moro sub stantial and better class of people till the toil. I don't know how the uufortunati 'cotkieh' aro going to live through tho sea on. Even a rattling good year would not put them on their legs. However, :i good rain now would perlir.ps sa\e thorn, and give them somo sore of result. One man told mo that it hud cost him JLTjO to feed his team of about eight since needing time. The people sometimes say their hordes are sulky lx-cau--i' they wont go. Poor wretches they ari? simply starving: men' beasts with many points.'1 Such are some of the talcs one hrars in the North. 