WEDDED BY PATE. ' — u ? CHAPTER XXII. AN APPALLING DISCOVERY, Tn the meantime Mr. Tillinghast had been steadily gaining in strength, and when all fear from any further danger from the scourge was past, Dr. 'Winthrop arranged for him to come out to the villa to spend a week or two, after which lie thought of sending him to some healthful resort ?with the othev invalids, who were now rapidly convalescing. They were all sitting together one evening- talk ing of the terrible epidemic, when Madame Win throp feelingly remarked : ' I suppose very few have had the kind care ?which we have received. That old maid Harriet ?was a treasure of a nurse, while Sister Angela was a perfect wonder. She seemed to know by instinct just the right thing to do. I do not believe she anade a single mistake while she was here.' ' The ' angel in grey,' ' murmured Mr. Tillin chast, a look of reverence sweeping over his thin face; 'and then he told them how she was beloved by all in the hospital and how she came by that name. They were all enthusiastic in their praises of her— nil save Dr. Winthrop, who had been lying -wearily bnck in his chair, evidently too inert and indifferent to join in any conversation. Truman could not seem to recover his normal B rength and vigor, after the strain of those miser able -weeks, aud his friends were very anxious about him, though not more so than usual on tin's Darticu'ar evening, and no one thought it strange \rhen he arose and quietly passed out of the room. His friend Tillinghast, thinking that he might have gone for a smoke, followed him after a few j moments, and found him in the dinning room mixing something in a glass. 'Thirsty, True?' he began; then suddenly catching sight of his ghastly face, he exclaimed, *« Good heavens, Winthrop, what ails you ?' ' I am afraid my turn has come at last,' Dr. ^Vinthiop replied, as he swallowed the strong potion o£ brandy at one pulp. ' 1 haye felt some pain all tne atternoon, ana nave Deen treat ing myself ; but in spite of all I believe the disease has & grip of me.' 'Cholera?' gasped his friend, a look of terror an his face. 'Tes, aud no light attack, either.' A spasm of agony convulsed his features as he Spoke, and he sank weakly upon the rearest chair. ' What shall I do for you, True?' his com panion asked ' We must not delay. Man ! man ! tell me — what shall I do ?' This last appeal was made in great alarm, for Dr. OTinlhron seemed on the verge of losing con sciousness. ' Send someone for Sister Angela at once, then get ine to bed as soon as possible, with hot bottles And blankers,' the young physician feebly directed. The whole household was roused immediately, and everybody was greatly frightened, for the Dr. B'emed to be their mainstay and bulwark of ?defence. . .-w&n; : But he continued to grow rapidly and alarmingly TOKe, and by the time Sister Angela arrived with a skilful physican, whom she had called on her own responsibiity, he vras almost insensible. ; It was very fortunate for the gentle nun that she had time to rest and recruit her strength before having to meet this fresh ordeal ; for Dr. Win throp was very ill, and Mr. Tillinghast regretted that he bad not tried to Eecure the services of a strong nurse, instead of this apparently frail ?woman. He proposed the morning after her arrival going for one. 'No ' returnedjthe Sister with quiet resolution ; ' I can do better for him than any man, if you ?will heip me when he needs to be moved and lifted.' Dr. Winthrop had now to reap the terrible results of the strain through which he had so xsnently passed, for he went terribly near the borders of the other world. He was delirious most ol the time, and talked almost incessantly of Sister ' Ange'a and some one else, whom he called his ' darling,' though his mutterings were so indistinct and incoherent that they could not make much of what he said. ' To \shom does he refer ?' Sister Angela asked of his mother one day, when he had called more than usual forhia ' darling.' BJadame Winthrop flushed at the qcestion, for she' well knew to whom he referred, aud her con science had been busy with upbraidings as she stened to her son's ravings. But of course she was not going to tell family secrets to a stranger, and so she evaded a direct «ply. ' He is becrothed teMiES Sadie Rochester,' she ?said briefly. The cup from which Sister Angela had been feeding her patient dropped from her fingers just Hhen, but fortunately it dropped upon a hasEoek, arid- made no noise ' Miss Sadie Eochester !' repeated the nun. 'Yes. Did net the other nurse tell you her *ame?' asked madame. ' No ; I have scarcely seen her since. She was ^called away tUewhere,' murmured S ister Angela. ' Are you ill, Sister ?' madame enquired, a moment later, as she pressed her hand to her side. ' No; it was only a sudden pain ; it will soon pass,' she exp'ained. ?« You must be careful ; you must not neglect yourself,' returned Madame, kindly, 'for I do not kaoV what we should do without yot,' Oh, save my eon I he is my idol ! ? It would kill me to lose Win. Save him, and I will bless you all the days of my life.' And the woman, still somewhat weak ?from her own recent illness, wept, and broke down utterly as she looked upon the unconscious 6uff erer. The nun did not reply for a moment, then lifted ?; her bands, which were locked in a vice-like grip, to Her boEoui, and said, brokenly : '^Jod rules ! I do not know if he can live ! but if human care can avail, he shall not die. , Madame thought her very sympathetic, and then, after asking if she needed anything and leceiving a negative answer, she went away to her own room for th.6 nigLt. The door bad scarcely closed behind her, when ' Sister Angela sank upon her knees beside the bed ardburie'i her face in her hands, while convulsive «ob's shoot her slight form from head to foot. She Ws £0 absorbed in the 'emotion that had overcome her tbat she was oblivious of all else, t unfUiU at once.flbe jfplt a touch upon her head, Kv- «nd a feeble Voice niuriuured : *' My darling ! My darling !' A quiver ran over her frame ; she raised her face and gazed upon her patient. But he did not appear to be conscious of her presence ; his eyes -were partially open, and he seemed to be looking off into vacancy, as if he saw someone beyond her. His hand slipped from her head as ahe raised it, and now lay upon the bed before her, and, as if seized with some sudden impulse -which she could not control, she leaned forward and pressed her lips passionately upon it, a pitiful sob bursting from her as she did so. It was a strange thing for a Sister of Mercy to do ; but there was no eye to see the act, and even her charge himself did not notice it. She soon recovered herself, however, and arose from her kneeling position, murmuring: ' God is merciful ; He will not let him die.' A little later, white she was feeding him, she heard the door behind her softly open again, and turning, she saw a white-robed figure standing in the aper ture. She stood as if paralysed for a moment ; then a low, startled exclamation, broke from her. ' Hush !' said the intruder holdingup a warning hand. ' I do not wonder that you are startled, for I suppose I look like a ghost ; but I could not sleep without knowing how he is to-night.' The nurse turned back to the bedside as Miss Eochester advanced into the room, noiselessly closing the door after her, and then came and stood beside the bed of the man whose wife she coveted to be, but who lay very near death at that very moment. ' What do you think of him ?' she asked, trying in vain to get a view of the nnn's averted face. 'No better — no worse,' was the brief reply, hi a muffled tone, ' Thauk heaven he is no worse,' the girl said, with a sigh. ' Do you think he can possibly rally ?' ' I hope so ; he has a strong constitution,' '''' You will do your best, I know,' Miss Eochester said, earnestly. 'You have done your best through all our trouble here. I have heard of your wonder fulness and powers of endurance, and 1 have longed to see you. I suppose it is not quite proper for me to be here to-night — mamma would scold if she lenew it ; but I wanted to come and see for myself how he is. How dreadful he looks !— how pinched and ghastly his face ! — how thin his white hands ! 1— 1 suppose that you know that l — expect to oe his — wife- -if he lives,' she concluded, with a conscious look towards the nun, as if she thought this apology for her presence was necessary. Sister Angela made no reply, but Miss Eochester thought she saw her quiver, and a flush dyed her cheak. ' ? 1 suppose it sounds strange to you to hear me sneak of marriage with one who is so near death,' sho said ; ' but I thought you ought to know why I came, and it is natural that I should be anxious.' Then, regarding her companion more closely, she asked, curiously : 'What is the matter with your eyes, Sister? Why do you wear those queer double spectacles?' ' Hush ! Mademoiselle must not remain longer ; it will wake monsieur if we talk,' the nurse re turned, without looking at her, and ignoring her question. ' And besides, mademoiselle will take cold and be in danger of another attack herself .' And walking quietly to the door, sho opened it, and waited for the girl to pass out. Miss Rochester dared not disobey this unmis takable dismissal, and, bestowing one more look upon the sufferer, she went softly out, whispering, with an appealing glance : ' Save him, I beseech you, Sister, and I shall be eternally grateful You little know how much depends upon his life.' ' My darling ! my darling !' murmured the in vntM cfi'rn'rur unnDKllv linnn llis TjilloW. Hastily closing the door upon the unceremonious intruder, Sister Angela flew back to her post by the bed, but with face and lips as white as the spotless bandage upon her brow, and shivering as with ague. The next day there was a slight improve ment in Dr. Winthrop'B condition, then the symp toms -were discouraging for a day or two, and after that the crisis came, was passed, and then there was a perceptible gain. A week latter he was improving rapidly ; another passed, and he was able to sit up ; then, seeing how worn and thin his mother and Evelyn were looking from the anxiety which they had suffered upon his account, he insisted that they should go to some watering1 place for a few weeks. Mrs. Eochester, who alone, with the exception of Norman Winthrop, had ' escaped the terrible scourge, said she would remain and direct the householitill their return. She tried to persuade her daughter to accompany them ; but Miss Eochester, feeling that the period of convalescence might prove to be an impression able one with Dr. Winthrop, refused to go, and hoped that tbe next two or three weeks would dec ide her destiny beyond all question. Dr. Winthrop still retained Sister Angela, although she had several limes spoken of returning to Paris since he had become so much better. He was opposed to her leaving him, however ; be had pleaded for ' just a week longer,' saying that, she was so helpful, her presence so soothing — not to mention the preparation of certain dainties with which she was continually tempting bis appetite— that bfc could not give her up just yet ; and so she remained, . ' The week soon slipped by, and the last day came, and Sister Angela seemed strangely agitated and depressed. Truman Winthrop thought he had never eeen her so nervous and so absent-minded, and blamed himself for requiring the service of this extra week, when she was so nearly worn out from constant attendance. She went down as usual to prepare something especially nice for his dinner — the last meal she would tuke up to him — and, having finished her work and arranged everything temptingly upon a tray, she slowly mounted the stairs on her way to bis room with it in her bands. She bad reached the top stairs, when a sudden dizziness seized her, an icy chjll ran over her frame, and she bad barely time to set tbe tray upon the floor, when she fell prone beside it, in a dead faint The sound of her fall drew Mrs. Rochester and her daughter from their room — for she bad fallen just opposite their door — to see what bad hap pened. .Dr. Wintbron's room was some distance from the spot, 4md',a little way down another passage?, so that tbe noise and confusion attending Sister Angela'B mishap—fortunately or unfortunately— did not reach his ears, and he knew nothing of it till afterwards. . ' 'Mercy! it is the nun! exclaimed Miss Eochester, who was the first to reach the uncon scious girl, while she gazed with startled and curious eyes upon the prostrate form. ' She is worn out,' said Mrs. Eochester, as she dropt upon her kuees and begun to loosen the bandages upon Sister Angela's face, and tore her cloEe black cap from her head, thus revealing a wealth of beautiful black hair. 'Why, she looks like' ? ahe began— then, suddenly checking herself, she quickly removed the double blue glasses which had always so effectually concealed her eyes. Aory of astonishment and dismay burst from her lips, which had lost every atom of color. ' Sadie !' ' sho gasped lifting a pair of wild eyes to her daughter's face. ' Whatever is the matter !' inquired the girl, who had not yet had a full view of the features exposed to sight. ' Look '.' whispered the mother, hoarsely. She Lent down to look into that still, white face ; then nho lifted her. glance, and the two women gazed into each other's eyes with speechless amazement aud unmistakable terror. ' Mamma, it is — it is' ? began Miss Eochester, looking as if she herself were on the verge of fainting. 'Salome!' whispered the elder woman, with a. g isp of horror. 