THE RHYMER. ' DIGGER DICK.' In' spile of (ho ridicule whif.li lie has been subjected Ky tho Conserva tive a)id reactionary press in New Zealand and Australia generally. -Mi*. Richard Seddon, the Xcw Zeuhuui Premier, seems to rrtain llie ]-r(s eminent, pride of place as the must. popular politician, after the- late John Ballan.ce, vrlio has ever held the mils of power in Maorilaud. Ifore are two political evasions recently pub lished in the local press, which may bo regarded aa fairly representing the popular conception of this much jnisreprcsented yet masterful man : — TO RICHARD SEDDOK, Esq., 9I.H.R. Dick Seddox. pardon me for using now The wide familiar name, since I avow, 'Tia in respect and lov© my feeble pen Dotb write it down. True chief and king of men The toilers4 help, the workers' faithful kniffht, Our captain bold, at feait or fiery light : The bravest leader 'neath the Southern Cross Since Ballance died. Dead chief. methou?ht our loss. When thou went forth into the dark unknown, Coold ne'er be overcome, thy vacant throno Long empty be, but Tim*1 with healing' hand Allays ourgTief, and need* supreme ronnnand Doth fill the throne, and nowyourheJpuiMte true Leads on the path thy genius brought to view,'. And loyal to thy memory comradcs pt in-1 Before the foo a firm united band. 1 come not from the West Coast, yet I hail Vour prowess with delight; strike hard, prevail O'er every wronjr— bad deed;?, bad law.-, bad banks — That would the State defy . and earn the thanks Of all true men, whoso souls can ri^e above The narrow circle wherein parties move. The gloaming ghost may rave and shadow thee. As if grimace could turn your steps agleo, But your Scotch blood will dare the duii himsel' Nor turn aside for a' the imps from hell. Oh, gloaming ghost in grave lie quiet down, Your antics make us laugh (not fear): the town Doth know you well, and heeds not what you say \ You write but that for which your clients pay. March straight on. Diok, the path lies fair before ye, And future bacds will blend your name in story. Bough from the mould. £9 man you outward stand, But kind of heart as any in the land, And rough, true worker is a man I, for worth) Far, far above tho sens of wealth or birth. The silvern speech, perchance, may not be thine : Bnt brave, true words in sterling value shine. The volvet glove your hand disdains to w-»ar. But warm its clasp if love or friendship's then*. Feared by each foe, revered by friend, you stand The foremost statesman in our chosen land. Dick Seddon, let me end as 1 began, And call thee Dick, if rough, a noble man. Sympathiser. 