Sermon. Christ and Bartimseus. Br Laze Rev. C. H.- Sfusgeox. Je&us; of Nazareth pasaeth by.—Luke xviii. S7, Oar text is taken from a narrative of a blind man (Bartimreas), who sat by the way side begging—not an inapt picture of you, my friends, who are solicitous of mercy and anxiously desirous of salvation. Are you not as blind and poor spiritually as be was literally ? I am sure that you will at once confess that you are blind. The eyes of y< understanding are dim. Tour heart* wrapped in darkness. Tou cannot see what you want to see. Tou do not even see your sin so {is to repent of it with contrition. Tou have not yet seen the power of the precious blood of Jesus so as to believe in it. What if to-night you should he apprised and aware of the presence of Jesns here, and should cry out to Him, and He should stop and open those blind eyes of yours, and give you the light of life and the joy of eternal salvation ? "What if you should have to go home and say to your friends and kinsfolk, " I have had au experi ence to-night, the like of which I never felt before; I have found a Saviour ; I have received the forgiveness of my sins; I am a new creature in Christ Jesus u ? "Why, you would make angels sing fresh hallelujahs in heaven, while on earth God would bo glori fied, and yourselves and your friends would be blessed by a lively exercise of faith and a wonderful participation of grace. 1\. Now, looking steadfastly that this mar be the case, I wish to §peak very pointedly to you about two or three j things. First, when Jesus passed by ; the blind raau it was to that man a day of i hope. He had given up all thought of ever being able to see, so long had his eyes been closed to the light. When Jesus passed by the case was different. He could perform any miracle—there was no limit to "Rig heal ing power ; therefore why should He not open a blind man's eyes ? *• And you, my anxious friend, you have felt that you could not be saved. Of course, if it depended upon yourself, you could not by any duties you discharged, or any services you performed, acquire merit enough' to enter heaven, or even to procure the forgiveness of your sins on earth. But, if Jesus Christ has come into the world to save that which was lost, it is a totally different matter. He can certainly pardon the greatest offenders, and He can deliver from going down into the pit the moat undeserving of rebels. It was an hour of hope to that blind man, and if Jesus passes by now this is an hour of hope to you. 2\. Secondly, as it was a time of hope to that poor blind man, so was it 'especially a time of activity. This man is a picture of what we should be if we desire to be saved. He listened attentively. He could not but he had ears. He could catch the sound of footsteps. The silence that was broken by crowds coming along the road to Jericho was peculiar, the tramp was of an unusual sort, and the tone of voices far different from those; of wrangling or of revelry, or the songs of! common travellers. He listened—yea, he listened with all his ears. So, dear hearers, whenever the gospel is preached, do not give it merely such a hearing as you might give to an ordinary story that is told you; but^ oh, hear it as God's word; hear it with bated breath and profound reverence; drink it in as the parched earth drinks in the shower; hear it fearing to miss a single word, lest that should be the word that might hare blessed you. I believe attentive hearers are the most likely people to get tbe blessing. Bat this man, after he had heard with dis crimination, inquired with eagerness what it meant. It is a blessed sign when men begin to say, ""What is it all abont? "What is the drift of this Gospel?" I should have great hopes of you if you were thus inquiring after tbe plan of salvation. Is it not worth your while to ask the question, airs ? "When a man has lost his way, he will ask twenty people sooner than he will continue to pursue a wrong course, and will you lose your way to heaven through not asking old travellers to direct you ? Do, I pray you, be in earnest to learn, and it sliall not be long before God shall teach you, for, whenever He mates a man conscious of his ignorance, and anxious to bo taught, the Holy Gho9t is quite sure to instruct him ere long. "When this man had asked the question, and had been told in reply that Jesus of Nazareth passed by, notice what be did next: He begun to pray. Wo are told that bo cried. His cry was a prayer, and his prayer was a cry. It took the form of a piteous and em phatic outburst of desire: "Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." It was a short prayer. What a comprehensive prayer it was—" Have mercy on me! Have mercy on me!" It was not tho words of the prayer; it was the true desire and the believing confi dence of the prayer that did the work. "Thou Son of David, have mercy on me!" Now, my dear hearer, yon tell me you wish to be saved; that yon are anxious—nay, inquiring —but do you pray?" How can } ou expect mercy if it is not thought by you to be worth the asking for ? What, will you have God give you it without your seeking it ? He has done so sometimes, hut the usual rule of grace, and the most proper rnle, is that yon should humbly suo for mercy at his feet. Will you not do it ? What! Is hell so paltry a doom that you will not pray to escape m>m it? What! Is heaven so trifling a destina tion that yon will not pray that you may gain it ? O sirs, when heavenly mercy is to be had for tho asking, will yon not invoke the Almighty and do obeisance to the Redeemer to obtain it ? Bo assured that never did a man really cry for mercy, and continue to do so with his whole heart, but sooner or later meroy came. There aro no praying souls in hell. God never condemns those who aro suppliants for mercy. If you do but lay hold on tho cross of Christ, and say, "I will not let this go ex cept I get the blessing; I will not cease until I win my soul's desire," yon shall soon have the morcy that you seek. 0 that God would stir you up thus to pray! As this man prayed, there were some stand ing by who said, " Hash! hold your tongue! You disturb the preaching ;' we cannot near the silvery tones of the orator; be still. It is not meet for a beggarman like you, crawling in the street, to disturb respectable people by your harsh, croaking voice; be qoiet!" But bis heart being thus moved, there was no silence for bis tongue. So much the more, a great deal, with increasing vehemence and force, he iterated and reiterated the prayer, "Thou Son of David, Thou Sou of David, have mercy on me! Have mercy upon me!" Now, if you desire salvation, and have began to pray, Satan will say, "Ah, it is of no use; be quiet?" The flesh will say, 'Why this ado? There is time enough yet." Pro crastination will come in and say, "When you grow old it will bo time enough then to begin to seek tho Lord." A thousand diffi culties will be suggested, but, O soul, if thou art indeed set upon salvation, and God has made thee in earnest, thou wilt say to all I these, "Stand back! I cannot, and will not, j be silenced by yon. I most have mercy; it j is mercy I want, and it is mercy I must I have, or I perish for ever, and that I cannot, afford; therefore I will cry the more." May j the Holy Ghost lead you to pray! j After this m«in had thus pleaded, it is note-1 worthy that Jesus stood stui and called him. I must call your attention to this matter. As soon as Jesus had called the blind man the effect produced on him is startling. I think, I see nira sitting there by the wayside help less. Jesus bids bim come. He gets up, and in a moment he throws off tbat outer garment which had been so precious to him, in which | he bad so often wrapped himself up in cold sky. nights to sleep beneath the open sky. That much-prized, though all patched and filthy, garment he threw right away. It might havo made him a minute or two slower, so off he threw it, and away ho flung it. Ah! , and it is a great mercy when r poor i soul feels that it can throw away ; anything and everything to get to Christ, j Lay aside every weight, ond tho sin that doth j most easily beset you, and proas to Jesus at Once more. When this man had come to I Jesus, and Jesus said to hira, " What wilt thou that I should do unto theo ?" tho man returned a straightforward and intelligent answer—"Lord, that I might receive my I sight." Now, when yon are at prayer to night, any of you, do not merely pray a * "3 Lord in general prayer, bat put it before the ] the plainest language. Yet that whicn really brought salvation to this blind m^n was his faith, for Christ says, " Thy faith hath saved thee." Now, here is tbe greatest point of all—faith! Faith; for work without faith is of littlo worth. Faith is the great saving grace; it is the real life-germ. 14 What is faith ?'' sayest thou. Anxious inquirer, if thon wouldst know what faith is, understand that the other word for it is trust—belief. The faith that saves is a belief tbat Jesus Christ, tbe Son of God, offered an atonement for sin, and then, after a firm conviction, a simple trusting in that atonement for thy salvation. Art thou resolved to trust Jesus ? If so/ thy. faith hath saved thee already; go thou ana wrestleinprayertiUthougetthecauassarance 1 of it. 3\. Remember, this hour of Jesus passing by is an hour that will soon bs gone. Bid you notice that word, "Je3us of Nazareth passoth by?" He is not stopping, He is passing by, for He is going on towards the walls of Jericho to pass through its gates. Blind man! it is now or never, for he is , passing by. Ho has come up to where you are; cry to bim now! He has passed you, 1 but cry to Him. Now, man, He is long past, but He can yet bear you; cry to Him now I Ah ! but he is passed and is gone, and the man has not cried, and now there is no other who can open his eyes, neither will this Son of Bavid, for He has passed by and been unasked, unsought to bless. You bad Christ passing by wben you were young. I would to God you hod said to Him then, "Have mercy on ine!" but you waited till He came up to you in middle life, and yet you did not seek Him. Alas, ulos, for that! And now the gray hairs are steal ing over you, and half a century of unbelief has hardened your heart. You are getting to sixty years of ungodliness, but He is not out of earshot yet. Ho will hear you now. 0 cry to him, I pray you, cry, and may God's Holy Spirit, who is the Author of all true supplication, breathe in you now a cry that never shall be stopped until you get the answer, " Thy faith hath saved thee: go in peace." _ 