THE MAY QUEEN. v r -^ ? ? No picture in that year's Academy created a greater sensation than one en titled 'The May Queen.' It was painted by Arthur Fabian, and was welcomed by that artist's admirers as a happy and most successful return to his earlier style. With painters, as with writers, and perhaps with all workers, the halcyon age vanes in re lation to the individual man and the parti cular, temperament. Some produce their best work in youth ; others in middle life; others, again, when old age is creeping on. Fabian seemed to belong to the first class.. It appeared that his best pictures had been painted before be was thirty. After that came a palpable, if gradual, decline. It was not that there was any falling off in technical skill, in clever workmanship, in effective colouring. As far aB these went, he showed a distinct advance. But his pictures grew lower and more material both ? in subject and treatment. Tfapy became of the earth, earthy ; of the flesh, fleshy. The soul which had breathed in his earlier crea tions, was gone, * In tho minds of those who knew Fabiau intimately this unhappy deca lenca of his art aroused more regret than surprise. For they had long seen that the man himself was becoming lowered, and that this moral nature was (to use an -x-reesive provincial ism) 'worsting' every year. During those: early days whon he was first making him self a name in the artistic world ho had been a generous, good-hearted young fel low, always fond of pleasure, indeed, and attached to material ei. joyments, yet having an ideal and romantic temperament that was then an effective antidote to his lower proclivities. His earlier pictures were the outcome of fais temperament at its highest ? level. He paintod Arcadian subjects with a simplicity cf touch and a graceful parity of conception beyond praise. No one of' hid generation could pourtray rustic loveli ness with so airy yet withal so faithful a fancy; His peasant beauties were at once a dream and a reality, a faithful vision and a convincing fact. Poetry and prose found in them a complete and charming union. Then, by and by came the change. The fact became more pronounced, the fancy less evident. Not only was greater atten tion paid to the purely physical charms of his peasant girls, but those physical charms Were of the more material kind — based upon more sensual models. The decline was by degrees, but it was steady. Redder cheek?, fuller lips, brighter eyes, liper busts — these were the effects after which ho had begun to strive. And he realised them. His pictures lost their glimpses of inspira tion. They degenerated into mere por traits, clever, striking, coarse. A decline of this description is, unfortu nately, common enough. The Heaven which lies around artists in th-iir infancy is often obscured by the shade's of the xp&~ terial prison house until it becomes lost altogether. Bat a sudden re-awakening, an . upward and backward leap from the lower platform to the highest level from which they have descended, is rare indeed. And this fact alone would have been sufficient to stamp Fabian's 'May Qaeen ' a3 a re markable picture. Apart from that, how ever, it was bound from its own excellence to have attracted notice. It wae the picture of a country girl, dressed in pure white with blue ribbons, as a queen of May-day revels. In her hand she held a spray of the white thorn's blos 8om8 ; and others — pink and white— were disposed as a background to her head. This ?was beautifully managed. Her face, with its setting of golden hair, at once stood out against, and yet seemed subtly bleDded with the blossoms. You could see the suggestion of the picture at a glance. The maiden was, as it were, the spirit of May personified. And the artist has just the right look — the look of fresh purity, of delicate bloom, ?which emanated from the surrounding flowers. It was hard to say whether of the two, the maiden's face or the May blossoms, breathed more completely the perfect fresh ' ness of the spring. The picture was a great success— in fact, the success of that; year's Academy. Everybody raved about it. Everybody rejoiced that Fabian, the talented painter, had returned to the higher art of his earlier style — nay, that he had some thing even better than his earlier work at its best. Congratulations were showered on him from all quarters. He received no end of big offers for the picture. An American millionaire actually went as high S3 £3000. But Fabian refused to sell. Nothing, he said, should induce him to part with the work. The persistency of bidders only irritated him. This excited comment. For years and years Fabian had painted simply with a view to sale, and had never refused a good offer for one of his pictures. What, then, was the reason of his doing so now ? The public hazarded many conjectures, all substantially wrong. Bat I was behind the scenes, and I knew. I never disclosed the truth in Fabian's lifetime. Now, however, ttat he is dead, and is beyond being annoyed by its publication, I may, I think, be excused for giving to the world a remarkably interest ing and striking story. I knew Fabian, in his later years, very well indeed. I think he took a fancy to mp, At least, he always seemed pi *ased to see me at his studio ; and I frequently went there to smoke a pipe and chat with him, when he was disposed to chat, or smoke a pipe and watch him paint when he was in the mood for painting. Many of his pic tures I saw grow from the bare, dead can vass into the fall vitality of finished work, following their development with the deepest interest and admiration. Bat the ' May Queen ' I never saw until it was just on the verge of completion. Even then, before the last touches had been put, the picture seemed to me perfect in its beauty ; and I expressed my delight over it in no measured terms. ' This is a glorious surprise, Fabian,' I eaid. 'You have been working at this in secret, then ?' He shook his head. I noticed now that he looked pale and rather excited. There ?was a queer, half startled expression in his eyea which I had never observed there before. 'No,' he answered, 'no.' Then he added, hesitating palpably as he spoke — ' It is an — an — old study. It has been lying by me for — for — twenty years. Only yesterday I— I brought it out with — with —the idea of finishing it.' ' Fancy letting that superb piece of work l|e biddea %\\\ tb^se years,' X egolaj(med:, ' Why, my dear fellow, it is the best thing you have ever done.' ' Yes ? Well, perhaps I agree with yon,' he replied. 'But Bomehow I never felt inclined to finish it until yesterday, and then the impulse came upon me quite sud denly. Ifc is strange — strange, too,' he added, rather to himself than to me. ' After all these yeats — all these years.' He was silent for several minutes and seemed to have relapsed into a complete reverie. I watched his face with interest. I saw from its expression that he was un usually agitated, and more thai that. I cannot describe it properly. But hi3 face was like that of a man under the influence of something stronger than, something distinct from, ordinary emotion. I could fancy that one who has ssen a ghost might look rather as Fabian looked then. Yet not quite. For there was no trace of fear in my friend's expression, but agitation, perplexity, and as it were a startled recognition of some mysterious inner force. He roused himself suddenly, and passed his hand across his eyes. Then he went to his easel, and began to paint vigorously, but soon threw down palette and brushes, to pace the studio rapidly, with his hands behind him, and his eyes bent upon the floor. At last he stopped, and exclaimed with great abruptness : — ' Do you know, Medlicott, I think my brain must be going.' ' What do you mean, my dear fellow ? I should say I never met a more level headed man,' I replied. ' Yes. That has always been my character and I have prided myself upon it. But yesterday— only yesterday — and after all these years.' *' What happened yesterday 1' I venture to enquire, ' I wa3 seized with the impulse to finish that picture, which I had never meant to set eyes upon again. And — and — I can't really make it out.' ' Hang it. If that is all, it is nothing to be disturbed about. Impulses ? ' ' But that is not all,' he interrupted me. And then, after a pause, he added — ' I tell you what it is. I can't keep the thing to myeelf any longer. It never seemed an unendurable burden till yesterday. And now it oppresses me beyond bearing. Are — are — you a good listener ?' 'I believe so,' I said, very eager to hear what he was going to tell me. His air and manner intimated it would be of a startling nature. And he had always cultivated such a reserve about his past that X was the njore, Qarious to hear his etory. ' Then you shall be my father-confeS3or ' (with an uneasy laugh). ' But when you have heard my confession, I doubt if you will give me absolution.' ' Possibly my absolution is not worth much,' I rf joined, with a smile. ' You are right,' he said, with a touch of sadness. ' Only one person's absolution can be worth anything to me. And she- — but you shall hear all about it. Don't say a word to me till I have finished. And — and I think I shall go on painting while I tell you.' He went to his easel, took up a palette, and began to mix some colours. His back was almost turned to me. I could not see his face at all. This, I think, was what ho wished. At least, he never once turned towards me during the whole recital. ' It is now 20 years ago,' he began. ' I was a young fellow then — only about 24 years. I used to travel about the country in search of models for my rustic pictures. That year I went down into the West, and after roaming about for some weeks I took lodgings at a farmhouse in a Somersetshire village. My reason for settling in that particular place was that here I had found a superb study for a picture which I had then in view. Siie was a young girl — only about 17 years, daughter of a small farmer in the place. She was the most perfect specimen of a village beauty I bad ever seen. I won't attempt to describe her. You can see her, exactly as she was, in this picture. ' I induced her to give me some sittings. She often came to my rooms for this very purpose. She thought no harm — nor did I at first. She was both innocent, simple and trusting. ' Let me hurry over this part. I — God forgive me — betrayed her innocence. I — I called it our betrothal. That was on the 1st of May, 20 years ago. ' I meant to marry her. I did mean that from the first. Perhaps men generally do. As generally as they forget their in tention afterwards. But I never abandoned my one purpose. However, I cimo back to London. I wondered about my career. I had doubted how my smart patrons would receive her. And I put the marriage off God is my witness, Medlicott, that I — only — pat — onr marriage off. ' I resolved that her child— our child — should be born in wedlock. I had made arrangements for our marriage. I went down to Somersetshire for the purpose. But an awful — a oruel thing — had happened to her through my delay. The child was born before i(s time, It only lived a few hours, And she— the mother: — poor girl— misun- derstanding my delay, and unable to faca the world alone-^-oh, I don't know whether I can bear to tell you — she ? ' ' Died, also ?'' I ventured to murmur, in a very low voice, to save him the pain of saying it himself. 'Died?' he exclaimed. 'No, I wish that it had been so. Then she would have found rest and peace. But it was worse. She lost her reason. Went raving mad. Sha has never recovered. For she still lives — a hopeless case, and unhappy beyond conception. The doctors at the asylum, where she is, say they have never seen a patient whose misery is so pitiable or heart rending. And all through my delay-— through my delay.' He paused for several minutes, overcome by emotion. Then went on : — ' I thought that this- was the end — until yesterday — that the miserable story was (*8 far as I am concerned) over and complete,! You know what happened to me. How t took refuge in low, material enjoyment. How I steeled myself against all loftier sen sations than those of the day's pleasure, '* and thus stifled recollection and remorse. For 20 years I succeeded. Bab yesterday morning something came to reawaken me. I do not know what it was. I can't explain. It was all so sudden and unexpected. I never have been fanciful or superstitious. I feel sure I am the victim of no mere fancy now. Ifc tells me — that something tells me — my story is not complete, and that the last chapter is now about to b j written. It was this — this something — that urged me to unearth my long-hidden piolure, and finish if. And I can fael — can fcel— not vaguely, but with strong conviction, that when — when — the picture has been finished the end of my story will arrivp. The first of May in that year is a doy which will fr»r ever remain eDgraven upon my memory. I went down to the Aoademy by myself, in the morning ; and there I found a large group of the admiring publio already gathered round Fabian's picture. I then went on to my friend's studio, where I found him, and preB3ed him to acoumpany me to Burlington House and see for him self how immediately successful his ' May: Queen' had proved. But he resolutely declined to move. 'No, no, Medlicott,' he said, with' decision. 'Not today. I'm a fixture here — for to-d*y.' 'But, my dear chap,' I expostulated, 'you positively mu3fc come. It will do your heart good to see hew the public are crushing round your picture already. Un less I am much mistaken, by to- morrow they will want a barrier and a policeman' to protect it.' ' And to-morrow I may be there. But not to-day. I shall not stir from thia to day. Look here, Medlicott ! I told you so much before, when you first saw the: 'May Queen,' that I do not see why I should shrink from confiding this to you now. You realise what day of the year to-dav is1?' ' Yes, of oourse. The first of May.'' ' The first of May ; tue day of our betrothal twenty years ago, he said, half to''-' himself. 'The day which is sacred— sacred to My Queen. This is no fanoy, Medlicott. To-day is the day when it — something — I don't know what—will happen. I know it. I am sure. I shall remain here and wait events, I have been awaiting them — without knowing it — for twenty years. To-day I do know. And to-day it will arrive.' He was silent for a long time after this and remained rapt in thought. I sat and smoked and watched him with the deepest interest. A certain excitement was steal ing over me abo. I wondered whether anything was really going to happen. ' ' Hark,' he exclaimed at last, rousing1 himself suddenly. ' Ib that a lootBtep on the stairs ?' ' I do not hear one,' I answered. ' Listen again,' he said. ' Ah, there ! You hear it now ? Medlicott, this is what I have been waiting for, without knowing, for twenty years. It has arrived.' . As he spoke he rose from his chair, and stood regarding me with glowing eyes. His ; face was pale with great exoitement. Al most before he had finished the door opened, and I saw what I Bhall never forget. A woman entered. I knew her face. It was lined and aged and caroworn. I had never seen it so before ', only in the perfect freshness of the sptingtHe prime ; but I knew it well. And on the wasted, hag gard features, making them radiant and sublime, shone the beauty of a perfeot happiness, which all oh arm 3 of 20yearq pgo bad, nover equaled., \ . ' ? . .:+;V- v^'' ?. 'lie; (Mlyan'ped.to^ Fabian, stretching out ?^j .*??'? r', ~7 ' tjvo wasted bands and fixing her eyes x lit ''' [_'' earnestly, and perhaps a little anxiously ''j~~t~'J'\?i- npon his. - Bat there was no need for '?'iV'^-lrJ ' anxiety. His whole face was aglow with NJTV-At'- responsive exstacy; and as she murmured ,,/'-.; r 'Arthur — the day of our betrothal; the r~J'}l^l ' 1st of May,' he caught her to him. I *,;' ; ; slipped out and left them alone together. -J ?-*' ' -i,'^ ' At the foot of the stairs I ran up against . ' /\\-^' b man who was standing there. He was a '- 1 I ~ tall, gentlemanly-looking man, with an „ * ^'-** agreeable face, which now, however, wore '- ~Zi. - an aspect of evident anxiety. . ' Is Mr. Fabian iu ? Has she seen him ?' -'.'-. he asked mo. \- 1:1 *' 'Yes,' I told him. 'I have letfc the 5, x s Btudio. They are alone together now. v ' Pardon my asking, but who — who — ara v - you? And what does it all mean ?' ' ~' ' Tell me first,' he said, anxiously, \- ' - 'how — how— Mr. Fabian— re— re — re ceived her. If he was not pleased I fear \ -. . that ? ' ' tv 's ' My dear sir,' I at once assured him, ?«?, 'you may be quite easy on that point. ~ They are now in each other's arms, and in ~ ^ the seventh heaven of happiness.' *' Thank God 1' he ejaculated, wiping his forehead, on which large drops of per spiration was standing. ' I will now ex ' s. - plain to you. I am Dr. D- ? . I have had charge of that poor lady for twenty : , years. You ask me what it means 1 It means that a miracle has happened, and that her perfectly hopeless insanity, of ^ - twenty years' standing, has — has suddenly and completely disappeared. If you ask xno to explain how, I am as much in the -dark as you are !' ' Doctor,' I exclaim, an idea suddenly Btriking me. ' Can —can — you tell me when — when— she first began to show signs of getting better 1 ' ' About four months ago,' he answered. \- ?* v ' Just at the beginning of the year,' A strong excitement thrilled me. It was x ' exactly at the time then, when Fabian had suddenly found his long concealed picture of the ' May Queen.' Eagerly I asked \- '' the doctor some more questions. His , ~-Ai answers made it cle&r; to me that the -~ , phases of change in his patient since the ' - . beginning of the year corresponded pre cisely in time with the compietionby Fabian \- - ' of -bis picture. I pointed this ont to him in detail. He \- - followed my words with breathless interest. ' It is wonderful — marvellous,' he said. «' And this is the day of their betrothal, we^t.v years ago.' ? ' ' It is something more,' I said. 'Itia \- ' ~ the diy on which, after being buried alive for twenty years, the ? May Queen ' re awak?s to a happy and beautiful life. This is no coincidence, doctor. Ah, I see you do not quite understand me yet. It is evident that you have not been to see. the pictures. These lovers will be best alone together. Suppose you and I take a stroll to Burlington House.' 