Points. and Pars. A Sydney newspaper-, is supplyii readers -with a column of '{ideas."-;• Tina is taking .A- mean advantage of the' Press generally*. *" ■ -'a// • . s-".'. /-> . ? With reference to the capsize of.a wliulc ooat. in • • Colhngwood .Bay, ^British New Guinea, through .which six white diggers and four natives were drowned, the. sole survivor, aTunpota boy, says; he swum for five days after tho mishap. - ■ The Canadian ".Government will send 'e missioncrs to Washington, after-the Presi dential .election to .eudeavour to negotiate a reciprocity treaty -with the United States. • . .. .Una -Mayor of. Melbourne has forwarded £ 1,4 Id. to New. Zealand as Victoria's contri bution to the>Brunner colliery accident relief fund " 1 Sous very important springs have been dis covered in.thc chalk cliffs near Dover, and it is calculatei_that five or six . million gallons of the finest spring water are wasted daily. . -There : seems to bo something radically wrong -about the temporary ••..lighting of Prondfoot Shoal/in Torres: Straits, which the pioneer steamer of thenew Japanese Krie just missed the other night. • AiBattcrsea (England) recently, the re vising . barrister was asked to remove a voter from the list of parliamentary, electors for the Clapham division because he was dead. . •The i rovising-barristcr: 1 Has • he been objected to? • ■ . v ." The overseers: No. • .THErevismg-barnster: Then I cannot take thenameoff. 'T.-havo had so many dead people in my time come up: to my court aud expostulate with me -because their names had been-removed-from the register; 1 v - -- i- The Cunadiun House of-Commons- has unanimously, forbidden the sale of intoxicat-. lug 'liquors within - the precincts of • their building. . 'Bundaberg bakers have riz the;price of bread from 3$d. to 4d. • : 1 . The police'are hunting. for: a 'kanaka who rejoices'm the name of V4 Tuekarow." .. /The. Marquis of - Duffenn \ attributes the liosbhty exhibited ;by continental nations against Great Britain to terror lest the policy of.Great Britain in connection with the Tur I kisk question*, should .hasten , a disastrous conflict;;'' :'/V .• v A/ coRSEsrbOTEKT' states that the yonng cane in the Gra Gin district looks exceedingly healthy, • notwithstanding '■ the -.Very, " dry : weatherand the great neetLof rain.- . - : Latest ' Coolgardi e files. announce a reduc tion in the price" of ineaV of about 3d. • per lb." all round. • • ; •> Spain1 has forwarded over 200,000 troops .to Cuba sinco the insurrection broke out. The New Zealand House of Representa tives, towards the close of ..the session, uuanimously agreed to a motion placing upon record their appreciation of the distinguished j services which Premier Seddon had rendered gratuitously .to the; country in .connection .with the^Midlaria Railway "arbitration.".; \- The late Judge Silas L. Bryau, father of the*.Democratic ; candidate for the Presidency of tho United States, was in the habit of sup plying the preachers of the different churches iu'bis district ivith;flour,"corn; hay, aqd vege tables, free of cost. • " • .One night,' unseen himself,. he saw a man whom.he recognised emerge from his smoker house with a side of pork on his shoulder. „ ■ A weex afterwards tho fellow approached him, saying. " Judge,I understood you had some meat stolen from your amoke-house.11 /" .. . The' old . judge raised his" hand deprecat-, ingly and said, "S-s-h! : No one on earth knows anything'about it but you and ine." . Walne, ^the Queensland cycling champion, was placed second in his heat for the Wheel men's League Cup in Sydney on Saturday, but-he'.was badly smashed and his bicycle' bent in the big 25-mile Orient Plate. At the close of the. RussorTurkish war "which ended so disastrously to Turkey, that unlucky country was'saddled with a debt of £32,000,000 as war indemnity. -Russia agreed .to recoive the amount in annual instruments of £320,000, hut. Turkey, it is said, has never paid any instalments. In view of tliis: promptncss'on the part of Turkey in not paying, Russia has decided to reduce the annual instalment by. one-half. > Carle3 inform us that tho Hova." Minister of the Tutorior" at Madagascar has been executed by the Preach Governor-General Gallicni. Lately a British: magazine annouueed a series of articles on '/How to start house keeping on 10s. per week." •. • ^ ./Iris- said "that/another English cardinal niay ere long "bo looked for "in tkoperson'of the Very Rev, ;Doiu Aidan Gasquet, D.D., one of the-.inost distinguished: members of the" Benedictine- Order., in England, and *hn "ecclesiastic well • known for his many learned historical and antiquarian works. - \- Progress is'beinghiudeSvith the new trans atlantic cable which is intended to oonnect, France with^ America, tho objective' points being Brest and New York. " . . -.There are said to beover twenty applicants for the inspectorship. of orphanages, rendered vacant by the death of Sir. C. C.IIorrocks. - Rev. Dr^ Bruce, of North St. Leonards, having received a majority of Presbyterian votes, 'may bo regarded'as the moderator elect of the next General Assembly. . ' .Can anyone say " Nippon Tiisen?!* If so,, then ask him to say "Samashiro STaru." A*-a model for an address by that Bathurst - burr- federation meeting", ^the .Doctor., com-• mends this; tifc is not exactly newin design, but it is in ita adaptation :—•• • w. >■. We the .people of Australia, in meeting assembled in Batuurst (a town in New South "Wales, as may bo seen by.the maps) approach Your Majesty the Queen, &c;, &c.;" ;v;. ■ Skcb the opening day of the Albury Ex hibition 27,000 visitors have'paid for ad mission^-.-'.. v' yV; ■. Messes. Marshall and Blade, of Glengallsn, have; shipped three young rams to South Africa.by; the Thermopyhe. Ds. G. H.. Taylor, of Sydney, has been appointed pathologist and second Government medical officer and vaccinator.; . ; Kudyaed Kipling's gfeatesfc_"ambition is said to be to serve as a war.correspondent. ; Her Majesty the Queen has her bobbies. !■ Ir is said she has a fiiio collection of walk- :. ing Hicks.: - \- Mb. Reed declines a title. He is the first Australian who has done so ; and George is only waitings like. . pBEvreB'.^in has given instructions for a : fair v and liberal reading of: the law to be taken in regard to the lund tax, and every - effort is to be made to obviate litigation." <• >. ' A coal mine at Wallscnd has ceased to dos worlc.-jBesult, min'ere starviugI ;;:v-.V'; :^; ;. -. SonE good land around Wallsend; but'it would be infra. dip. for a miner to dig-his little plot of ground. : • * ■ He is otherwise employed, in listening to lectures on socialism. • ,. He will not dig, but is not ashamed to bog. The Government of New South ■ Wales offer frcc.passes on their railways to persons" attending the Bathurst burr convention and ask other Governments to do the same. Any one wants to go from here to Sydney? . Let him ask for a pus3 to . the Bathurst burr meeting.': That young man V is sitting upon Bis marck. What will happen, think you ? . • What is the commerce of the world coming - to when owing to tbo demand for steamer tonnage, 140 cargo steamers are being rapidly. .■ built m British yards? - > •• -• • A correspondent writes to the Toowoomba Chronicle. " The bicycle is already a thorn in the side of horse breeders in more ways than one. ' ^ It ; is simply astonishing the way the bi«ycle is~ displacing the horse.. Yesterday I " found a piece of rubber tire in my sausage." : Sunday School Teacher: .What are the . heathen?" Bright Boy: "Heathens art people who do not quarrel about religion.'* . . -.At a banquet in Boston, on November 20, 1891, Hr. "William M'Kinley was hailed as 4 future President of the United States. William's, turn has come, notwilbstand-i ing that his tariff ha3 been denounced as the " culminating atrocity of class legislation." Mr. J)uns70ed has a pious aversion for things Chinese. . .1 , He remarked to the Home Secretary on Wednesday that he would not allow an article of Chinese manufacture, (©^"be ,seeu .bu'his ;. premises..,- V • Bur since :t was just after lunch there is more than a possibility thatilr. Donsford at -■. that identical moment was in posscssion of - ; about a pint of Chinese tea. - • One can never be too careful' on .points of consistency. ; - V A ^tebeimb' occurrence is reported from - - Fort Sandcman, a - mtlitary •: station ;• o£ r Belucliistan, in the Zhob Valley.-. : • A Setoy rau amuck,- and before lie could bo overpowered Lieutenant R. H. 31. Yeates, of the Royal Engineers, and. Lieutenant L. S. • Dovrnes, of the Boyal Artillery, were killed,. as well as twopri\"atesbldiers.:.-,-r . What • a godsend that scandal has been to . that neivjipaper, to be sure.. Always a per ennial themeperpetually green, like. , . : What a lot of empty noise there has been over that election iii America?- V": ;. " It now.appears that Bryan ncver had the .. ghost of a chance.. — .They • say.th at the rain .which recently fell "; in Victoria has'been licked np by dry winds. 