Tam distribution of £65,000 among the municipalities of the colony by the Premier out of the general savings of the year, appears to us as a. great: boon to the incorporated area, which icIludes only about one-third of the: population. Indeed, were it not that the niuuicipal. ities are doing really national work and voluntarily taxing themselves to pay for .it, while the other two-thirds are depending on. the Government and political influence for all their local works, the Premier could not con Vistently give the £05,000 as a special grant or advocate, as he is doing, the nationalisation of municipal debts, and &Eding; themn the money at four instead .ldtht pr cont. interest. This special pAnt, whl4 l eIptfi tcd at ORa FAl. lings ,in tho pound or twonty-five per cent. of the general rates, assumes that the total amount of voluntary taxation within the incorporated area amounts to £200,000 per annum, a suflicient sum, we imagine, to entitle the munici palities to consideration as regards both the special grant and cheap money. It will be within the recollection of those who pay special attention to matters municipal, that within the last six months the Colonial Treasurer and Premier has boon often approached by municipal delegates on the subject of a special grant, and while giving no specific promise he has invariably replied that though he acknowledged the justice of the claim his answer must depend on his having a deficit or a surplus at the end of the year, and with this statesmanlike answer the deputations have had to be content. The endi of the year.came duly, the. Treasurer had a surplus* of £333,000 and notwith standing the Opposition, with the member for Burwood at their back declaring there was a deficit and not a surplus, he, true to'his promise, gives or.offers to the municipality the sum of £05,000 on certain conditions. Yet the very men, aldermen and mayors alike, who, wuld ike tlh. largest slice off the tioverienent.'oaf the yould got, object to, or set up their backs'pt the conditions, get up a petition to alter the conditions on pain of rejection of their portion of the special grant. If ever there was a case of looking a gift horse in the mouth, cutting off one's nose to spite the 'face, or sacrificing the public interest through spurious dignity, it has now developed itself. This sort of people were very faithfully represented in the Assembly on Thursday evening last by Mr. Dacey, 'the member for Botany, who so far complained of the conditions as to say that some of the municipalities would not be able to accept the grant which brought out the ottrt but characteristic remark from the Premier, "1 am very glad of it." Fortunately, we think, the Kiama Council took a different view of the case dud lhat' intimated that they will nacpt their proportion of the grant notwithatandingthe wottoewlat unusual conditions. They are unusual. First, because the money is not to be spent on paying debts, ornamentation, embellishment, parks, recreation grounds, buildings, or fountains; but rather on real municipal work, such as consttiscting. or repairing roads, bridges, culverts, kerbing, guttering, footpaths and drainage generally within the various municipalities, but what is there to complain' of in a condi tion like this ? Second, because the Mayors or clerks must within three months send to the Under-Secretary for Works an estimate of the cost and specification of the works proposed to be carried out, to gether with the amount of geneinl rates from August 4th, 1895, to August 3rd, 1896. Then the Under-Secretary will assess the proportionate amount of this grant coming to each municipality, approve or otherwise of the works pro. posed to be carried out, and inform the municipalities of his decision, until the receipt of which, none of the proposed works can be initiated. This trans. ference of authority in the conception and completion of municipal work from the aldermen-to the Under.Secretary for Works as compared with ordinary practice is unusual ; but the occasion is special, the fund also is a special grant entirely within the option of the grantor, and as there is no interference with a full and complete aldermanio control in collecting and spending the; rates, we must believe the Premier when he says that in framing the conditions, no offence or indignity was 'intended, and gave him credit also for doing his best in the public interest consistently with the facts before him,. 'htrd, because the: local road officers will be consulted, if eqiulird, as to the necessity and oast o the foposed worke They..aill havoeautlh y to see the ooks f the Counal in rference to the i rks, and payments will be made.to Council thoe cor tifloate of these o erss is.now, and for:seoveral years.past has been one in respect of the ordinary road subsidies to municipalities. This condition is, we believe, generally regarded" as the greatest indignity or insult to the alder. men of the lot. But why this should be so, it is difficult to nmogine as con sultations with thoei,& pers by heads of departments are of daily occurrence on matters in which there is room for two opinions., Indeed departmental ad. ministrption could not be, carried aon without it. Then why should aldermen be offended:ata practice which might have boon resorted to without their knowledge, only that the Premier has boon frank onough to toll them . The same applies with equal force to those ofiloors seeing the Council's books, as every ratepayor can do the same, andi every aldoeron, who is true to the Act end 1ho Qb)lgeatJQM p mu pQjitQJl,1 wi always give the best gunrantoo of good faith. And as they have for years past tamely submitted to road subsidies being paid on the certificutes of the local road officers, they canuot reasonably object to the principle being extended or ap plied to the special granut, for which no doubt good and sufficient reasoins exist. As our readors are by this tineo aware, that on Thursday last, in the Muuicipal Couitil, we moved that it adopt a uniformi. system of "dealing with kerbing, guttoring pnd footpaths within the borough."\ And as showing the want of uniformity intlib systoan. now in use, we commenced reading three short letters received from the Council, when the Mayor, M, N. Hindmareh, Esq., J.P.,, though he seconded the motion, .ojbeoted to the letters '.being read. We were of course disappointed, to say the least of it, as the thread of argument was broken, and reference to them was impossible. And though bowing to his ruling, we intinated that the ratepayers should see thoeuiiu the' paper and so be able to judge fo the solves, Accordingly they..-*will be found immediately following this notice, and it is only fair that we draw tho same deductions from thoem as we proposed to do in the Council. The first, as will be observOd, simply asks permission to do the kerbing and guttero ing, wh ch to say the least is a humilia, tion to the Council; the second as a condition gives the option of asphalting the footpath or paying half the cost of korbing and guttoriug, while the third offers the latter condition only, and we ask, is there any uniform system in this? If in the 78 chains of kerbing and guttering already done ia theo borough one property owner hqs had 10 chains without pay, is it faistlW'ask another to pay half theo cost fop one chain? If it is fair for the Council to form and gravel several chains of footpath in hoalhaveno street, from Yell's to Dr. Andereon'se how is it unfair to do a hundredth, part of the wolk in front of the eWosleyan School Hull iu Manning street?. ' The fact is, korbi!g and gutteriug and form; iug footpathd is essentially municipal work. The Act limits the general rates tp one shilling in the £, which Kiama has paid for over 30 years, and there is not a shred of law, a patch of by-law, not the ghost of a resolution by the Council to make the ratpayeors con tribute more. I_ __ . 