PSRSmPiRLiiHEHI By Soeidlebus. . Nelson's motion that the Houso should sit on Fridays for tho remainder of tho session, and that Government business should have first call on that day, mot with opposition in tho sluipo of ira amendment providing for precedence of private business. This amend ment was moved by Drako, who 1ms on tho paper a motion whioh was once brought on in tho fur-baok past — a motion for the taking of a census of tho coloured population of the colony. A division curried the motion. Tlio House will, therefore, to-day hold its first Friday sitting. i Kidston dovotod a fow minutes to the recti fication of the records of tho Houso, in refer ence to tho closing down of himself on Tuesday night, for persisting in the applica tion of unparliamentary tonus to tho manner in whioli the question of the second reading of tho Bank Bill was pnt to tho Houso — tho wrong records wore righted. Dickson's motion concerning immigration was luid boforo tho House for the fourth time. M'Cord was tho first to touch it, and he did little more than toueb the matter. Ho told the House that ho wus in favour of the more, und indeed for any move which would help on tlio introduction into Quccnslnnd of farmers with a little monoy. Curtis was of tho sumo way of thinking. White popula tion and prosperity are not always synony mous terms, they do for all that tend to harmonise. Ho referred to tho ouorgctic en deavours of Canada to attraot settlers. Slio ' is straining every norvo to induco emigrants to go to her, sponding money and employing talented lecturers to toll tho English people what a lino country was Canada. Curtis uttackcd the nonsensical talk of some of tho members about, the hardships of fomale domestic servants. No wonder ho designated such talk oxuggoralion, possible only to men who know nothing, of the subject. If snoh a mail knew any tiling of tlio snbjeothe would know well enough that many servants are bettor off than their cmployors— and so' they are. " Are there any vacancies in your elootor- atop" was tlio question whinh was flung aoross the floor at M'Cord by a member who is willing to ohop down tho bridge by which he crossed from England to Australia. Tlio meaning of tho question seemed to ho that the country was jammed full ; that there was not room for any more people ill it. It should, how- over, be understood that what is desired under tho motion is not the introduction of men who .would liungor and thirst for employment by others; but tlio 'bringing in of men who would omploy at least themselves, and perhaps others. It was the vaounoy quostion which brought Anncar to his feot, und for fifteen or twenty minutes ho pounded away at thut question. Athoino tho only land which a largo part of tho pitxiplo have tho ghost of a olianco of over getting us owners, is the little 6-foot by 2-foot allotment, required for post-mortom occupation. Anneur, by a slip, made it out that paymont was mudo by tho occupant aftor ho hud entered into occupation. Ho did not x>ut all this in tho same words, but theso worth) express his moaning. But hero in Queensland a man can got as his vety own 160 uores of land for a fow pounds. No wonder lie branded us propostorous the statement that there wus no room for people in this big laud. Hamilton, iu a'stylo almost playful, dealt with tho argumonts of the opponents of the motion, and was followed by Dulryinplo who settled himself fairly down upon Hoolnn's spoeoli. After tea camo : on the committal of tho Queoneland National Bank hill, nnd very soon ufcor the start, Drako proposed tliut any agrcoinent arrived at by tho Treasurer should be ratified liy Parliament. Thin, of course, was tho sequence of tho motion moved by tho sumo member on Tuesday, that tho hill ho read this day six montliH. That motion was crushed, and this was brought, up to take its place, tho effoct of both being preoisoly identical. This, of course, started talk, in which many mombors took part. Browno frankly deolurcd ho could not trust oither the present or any othor Premier to draw up an agreement. Jackson luulthe temerity to quo to a uoutliemnowspaporin support of tlio amend ment; lioalso quoted tho " Banking Record..',1 Nelson deolurcd tlio falsity of the position of both tho Argue and tho " Bunking Record." Tlio disousBion,' perhaps necessarily or nearly so, was spread ovor tho wliolo ques tion. Charges and reoriniinntious wore tumbling over each othor in ; glorious confusion for an hour or two. Quota tions from nowspapors wore givo'n, to bo mot by tho reinindor that any nowspapei' opinions wore merely tlio opinions of souio - onu man, but of course tho ,wisoacrc, Tommy Byrnes, must not bo inoluded ' in this assertion wliou ho tries ,to lay tho law. down. One of tho contentions of tho frieiids of tho amondment whs that tho hank cannot possibly earn enough' to pay tho necessary interest. Tho suggested interest means thnt tho bnnk must bam. 7 per cent, uud tlio " Bunking Rccord"-had said. that such earning was not possible. But Byrnes stated that the ox- porienoo of Queensland hanking wits that suoh interest caii' be earned. Of course Byrnes is a great authority on banking; porliaps his statement will provo just us roliahto as tho oortifioatu given by Nolson and Barlow ill 1893 us to tho solvenuy of tho hank. Why do not Nelson and Byrnes invito the one groat George Roid to pull them through on tho Natiouul Bank question? Dawson was intcuso in his support of tho amendment, mid Gross was almost impassioned in his apposition to it, und in his claim that tho hill before tho House should he dealt with at once, and with us much cure as is possible. He showed during tho greater part of his speeoli far more appreciation of tho functions of a hunk, mid' of its importance iu the economy of the country, than ho has as yet shown ill any of his deliverances in support of his own pot financial schemes. M'Donuld said ho could not forget thnt tho hunk liud helped to scud men to St. Hplcua by supplying money to certain institutions, thus affording, in connection with Dawson's speech last week, a clue to somo of tho bitter ness thoy show against the bunk, and Daniels uliuff'cd Cross mi his now born, hut strong . confidence in the Treasurer. Castliug opposed tho amendment, hut ho charged the hank with harsh exaction' of high interest from sumo of its customers, and would havo interest uniform, whioh, put in othor words, means thut tlio good man with good securities should puy us muoh as tlio doubtful man with muderatb .securi ties. Hoolan put some lifo into nmttera at about 10.30. He refused to blumo tho bunk for tho imprisonment of tho Ayrshire Downs men and the othor man in 1801, ho lilumod tho jurios. Ho upposcd tho amond ment, mid dcclurcd for tho Govornmout, in sisting that tho duty now wus to finish tlio business off. Tlio amendment was at last voted out. 