ROSINE'S ROMANCE. When Miss Margaret carefully withdrew tl'e dress from the great cedar trunk, on pinned the old damask table-cloth which 1 enveloped it, and spread out its shining 2 folds for the admiration of her niece, Rosine, that young lady clasped her pretty hands I and quoted Keats she said. Miss Margaret nodded and emiled. She was small and round, and brown as a maiden lady of a decidedly certain age could be. Bat her heart, which had been full of centiment once. was a warm and I sonsitive orsan still, and she took a deal of I interest in Rosine'a romance. " Yes, my dear, it is a thing of beauty; and to th;nk that I Lever wore it but twloe. Dear, dear !" " You had a lover then, auntle ?" asked Ro:.ine. " Yee, pt. This was one of the dresses I got for my marriage; but he Went away on business, he said-and he never came back. It is just the gown for your fancy drese ball," hurried on Miss Margaret. "A trfl short, of course, but there is quite a pie:e turned in at the top that you could let down. You shall go as a I-dy of long ago " d "Not so very long ago," protested Roesne, with a Iugh. "'But really, auntie. I don't like to take it; it is too lovely." "Not for a raiment of war? Remember you are going to conquer the dragon." a "That is so." t The foe against whom Miss Rosine Wilde purposed arraying herself was the obdurate unole of her handsome lover. He had promptly and perversely opposed the mar riage of his nephew. The .young fellow would have Ignored the refusal of his rela tive, were it not that the old gentleman had r always been very kind to him ; had, indeed, , taken the place of his dead father. So he had decided that Rosine should meet his uncle and put his prejudice to rout. "He is camfog to visit an old friend of hla,'" 7yril had said. "You know the Chartreau family. Of course, you have heard they are going to give a fancy-dress d ball next month in honoor of the coming of t age of their daughter Liette. Youn will receive a card. Ycu will attend. Youn will meet Uncle Albert, and you will toke hi heart by storm." Hepefuily he had planned his scheme, en thusi~sticdly be had explained it. But Ios;ine protested. It was to be a grand ball, and she had nothing to wear. Besides, she did not like the idea of plotting tomake a person like her; and "Bless you," cried Cyril, " he doesn't die I like you. I don't believe he even knows your uame. His resentment is general, not particular. As soon as I told him I was In love he kicked at once. It seems a girl jilted him when he was yonag, and he is bonnd to save me from a like awful fate. But when he once sees you he is hound to nle n Albert," d " But I have nothing to wear, and what is d more, I cannot buy a dress for the Chartreau h ball. We-Aunt Margaret and I-are as poor as the proverbial church mice." i }a t just then Miss Margaret came to c os'ine's relief, Ilke a fairy godmother. t "The very thing," she cried; "myprim- V rose satin." Realine regarded her dublonusly-deligh- I tedly. She knew her aunt had always guarded jealously her trunk f-ll of treasures -her jewels, her laces, her rich, stiff, glle- s toning old brecadoe. "Do you mean it, auntle ?" t "I do, my dear. I was young once my. self." And that was hew Resins Wilde came to a be the belle of Mme. Chartreau's fancy. g dress ball. The proposed festivity had g been the talk of the town for several weeks, The night long anticipated was oool, crisp, e and sweet. The broad-balconied old resa dence of St. Charles-street was brilliantly a lighted up. When Rosine descended from the barouche of her chaperon she felt some what nervous, though consciona she was e looking remarkably well-as, Indeed, she i was- Quite a picture was the pretty young figure in the clinging gown of pale yellowish satin, pietnre'quely puffed and quaintly I fashioned. The corsage, out roundly, re- I vasled the firm, fu 1 threat, Dainty mouse skin swathed the arms, which, if slender, 1 were also exquisitely rounded; and the y small, olive-tinted face was lit to loveliness by pansy black eyes. A flash of adoration r succeedod the serene nonchalance of Cyril Rodney's countenance as he caught sight of a her. He made his way to her side. "Queen Roaine," be murmured; "you're a by far the prettiest girl here to-night. C Poor Uncle Albert; how complete will be r his surrender." She swept him a mocking curtesy, "Ah I" she said, smilingly, " If that con viction were but mine-" The silence ended in a long, soft sigh. I And off he went. He soon returned. By his aide was a sturdy old gentleman. t Rosine's heart beat mere rapidly. "The dragon," she said to herself. Silvery hair had the dragon; a dark I mounetache had the dragon; a florid oom plexion had the dragon ; and A manner that a was grave, diglnfied, and courteous. 1 "Uncle Albert," excllimed Oyril, with t boyish eagerness, "this is Miss Boaine Wilde." "Wilde I" The old gentleman started perepttbly. HIe -+aak.-l, t,? .- e. a.-Lea girl- at the yellowlish gown. He bowed, r "And," avowed young Rodney, sending his sweetheart a swift smile of encourage ment, "and-the young lady of whom I spoke to you." Oh," exclaimedAlbertlElleworth. Then interrogatively, "Wilde? Was your fathere name Clayton Wilde !" tosine assented. s " And your mother's maiden name was eargaret Kigdeley ' "Oh, dear, no Aunt Margaret was nesver married. My mother's name was Madellne Kingsley." "Eh1" cried the dragon. The florid olour had faded from his oheeks. He was tugging nervously at his dark monstache. He looked agitated and perplexed. -"My' mother died ten years ago," said easine, "and since then I have lived with Aunt Margaret." IMr Ellsworth regarded her grimly. "Is that," he asked abraptly, "your aunt's gown you have on !" The soft rose fire in the girl's cheeks deepened. "How in the world did yoan know !' she counter queslicned. A queer, wavering amile was his only reply. A osaonstrained silence esued. Cyril gave his mnole an astonished glance. "So Margaret is an old maid"' said Mr Rllsworth, abrnptly. "If she i," eoried elsino, stung to defence by a remark abshe oonsaldered rnde, "it's because she was true to an unworthy lover." "Eh?" ejaculated Mr Ellhworth, more eharpXly than before. And suddenly he turned and walked away. The following day he incisted on ac companying his nephew to the aristocrat!c old house where B3sine lived. As they were passing the vanilted entrance to the little flagged courtyard, Albert Ellsworth caught sight of a faemiller figure movleg among the potted palms and boxes of blooms. "GO on, lad," he said to Oyril. He had panted and was looking through the brlof avenue of gleom to the brightness beyond. Cyril was about to question this new vagary when the thought of a peauliar poslbility made him catch his breath. He knocked at the barred black door, and was admitted to Rseine's radient presence ; and meanwhile his uncle went into the court yard. The little old lady standing bytho door looked up at the sound of his step. "Margaret 1" be oried. Miss Mlargaret gazed at him in a dazed, half-frightened way. Did ghosts ever ap pear in the daytime ? Stouter than he whom she had known, and with hai grown grey; but the same. Around her, in a fan tsatio dance, everything went whirling. She didn't faint, but she came nearer to it than she had ever come in her life. "Did you think I had deserted you, Mar garet? When I left you to go abroad on business I believed in you as I've never be lieved in any one ainoe. And while away I heard and read that yen had married that young Wilde I used to be so jealous of. So I stayed away." "But Clayton Wilde married Madeline. I always told you he came to see her." "Yes, I know that-now. I was a fool to. have been so easily convinced of your falsity. You haven't changed a bit. I knew you the moment I saw you." Miss Margaret smiled delightedly. She did not know he had expected to see her. "I never forgot the dress you wore the last time I saw you," declared Mr Ells worth, waxing fervent. "I reoogiased it on your niece last night." "Last night ! Are yon-surely you are not the dragon Y" " Wha-at!" SThea-tha_draoenl' faljeredlLil ar. garot. Mr Ellsworth still looked blank. "That," murmured the little lady, feel ing ehe was in for it and might as well make a clean breast, "was what Rosine and I called Cyril's uncle; and-Roeine was going to conquer him." - He burst out laughing. "?Well, she did. The boy shall marry Madeline's pretty daughter; and you, Mar garet, you'll marry me !" "Oh, dear, no; I'm too old." "Not a day," "And ugly-now." " Loveliest woman in the world to me," insisted the dragon, loyally. "Bless you, my children," oried a voice from above. The pair in the courtyard glanoed up. On one of the Inner baloonies stood Rosine and Cyril. "Vanish, you seamps I" roared the dragon. "I shan't allow you to marry.. air 1" shouted back Cyril, as he and Resins beat a brisk retreat. Laughing and breathless they faced eoch other in the old drawing-room. "*Every thing is lovely, sweetheart I" 3ried Cyril in an estaoy. 