SPORTS AT HAWKER. The Bechabites held tbeir third annual sports on Easter Monday, April 6. on the Agricultural Society's show grounds. The attendance was large, and during the day the Salvation Army brass band enlivened the proceedings with selections of music. A great deal of interest was taken in the different events, the running and jumping being good. A good programme was issued for over £20, including a Sheffield Handi cap for £8, for which 22 nominations were received and 13 acceptances, and for the handicap hurdles 10 nominations and 8 acceptances, and the rest of the events were well contested. The committee and officers deserve praise for the way in which they carried out the programme. Messrs. J. Smith and H. Taylor gave satisfaction as judges. In the evening Bro. W. W. Win wood, D.S.J.T., gave a lantern entertain ment, entitled "Marley's Ghost," in the Institute Hall. The attendance was large. Recitations were given by Mrs. N. Y. Harris and Mr. S. H. Wilson, and Mr. G. D. Faulkner gave the connective readings in connection with the lantern. Messrs. N. Y. Harris (secretary) and W. J. Pyman (treasurer) distributed the prizes won dur ing the day. At the close of the entertain ment the Hawker brass band gave a ball in the institute. Make Twain on Bad Musicians.—What wonder is it that those who find the hair becoming grey should seek many things to obviate it, which in so many cases prove a failure. We know a lady whose hair was becoming white who used Cross's Haik Beviveb, and whose bair is now its original color, light auburn. A gentleman whose hair became quickly bleached through losses in mining shares and business trouble has, by using this article, had his hair restored its original color. Quite a change has taken place in his appearance. His hair is now dark, and the result has been brought about by using the Hair Reviver. Its effect is gradual, and therefore unobserved. Many persons, who for years have been grey, have by its use in a few days lost their aged appearance by the restoration of the color of the hair. An immense quantity is being sold. Price 2s. Cd. per bottle. If there is any difficulty in procuring any of my pre parations, send a postal note to the factory. Charles Cross, Chemist, Malvern, Unley. Keep your ain grease foryout ain cart wheels. It is estimated that the population "of Europe in ten years has increased at the rate of 29,922,800. Russia added 12,500,000 to her population, Germany 4,500,000. Great Britain, 2,452,400, and France 671,100 