LITERARY A7TD ART GOSSIP:, ] Mrs. Black tells an amusing story in the American Bookman of her husband's habitual forgetfulness of his own -work as soon as proof-sheets avo safely out of his hands. "In the course of conversation with my husband one day," says Mrs. Black, "I suddenly re membered an anecdote in illustration of %vhat I was saying, andrelated it to him. He laughed heartily, said it was a very good story, and eagerly asked me where I had heard it. You should have seen my husband's face when I told him tUat 1 had read it in one of his own books." . Sir Walter Besant's literary career dates from 18GS, when he published "Studies in Early French Poetry." Three years later began his collaboration in fiction with James Rice. 41 Ready-money Mortiboy" and "The Golden Butterfly" gained a considerable re putation for the co-workers. Since 1882, when Rice died, Sir Walter has written alone, his chief work being "All Sorts and Condi tions of Men," which suggested the establish ment of the People's Palace. His connec tion with thu Authors' Society and his knight hood are well-known matters. It lias not been generally noted in con nection with the death of Lady Tennyson that she was a niece of Sir John Franklin, the great Arctic explorer, and that she recollected touching the great adventurer's shoulder when she was being carried in her nurse's arms to witness her mother's funeral, and asking-"What are they doing?" In Mr. H. D. Traill's biography of Franklin we are told that Lady Tennyson recollected her last conversation with the Polar hero, who said "Remember, Emily, if I do not come back when I am expected I have made for the open sea at the Pole." Sir Walter Besant, in discussing the ques tion of an author's first book, gives some in teresting facts about his own. It was called "Ready Money Mortiboy," and was written, as everybody knows, in collaboration with the late Mr. James Rice. It first appeared in Once a Wed: for £100 ; then the authors printed it themselves, and sold it through the publishers on commission. Only COO copies (presumably in three volumes) were printed, but all were taken, leaving the authors a profit of £100, after paying the publishers their commission of £<30\. The authors sold the remaining rights fur £150, and an American firm sent £50, making in all about £400 for the authors jointly. Sir Walter Besant thinks this a good plan for a new writer to adopt. An amusing instance of anticipation of the penetrating character of the X rays has been discovered in Dickens' "Christmas Carol." It will be remembered that when the miser Scrooge sees the ghost of his former partner Marley entering the room Marley's body ap pears to be transparent, so that Scrooge can see clear through him, and discern the two buttons on the back of his coat. In all pro bability Marley wore the old-time blue coat .with br.iss buttons, and that flesh and blood became transparent- when metal buttons would not. Miss Marie Corelli writes to a contem porary :-I have never in my life "competed for guinea prizes*' in any "defunct" or existing "London weekly," never having found a guinea worth considering as payment, for any specimen of literature. As for" 1113 very latest book being the only one that takes" -allow me to say that my first book, "A Romance, of Two Worlds," is still in great demand-and it was published ten years ago. Inquiries respecting "Thelma" will proba bly elicit the same fact. "Barabbas" has passed its 100 thousand, the '''Sorrows of Satan" has exceeded that number, and neither of these is my "latest"-as "The Mighty Atom" is that. "Barabbas" is in its 25th edition, the "Sorrows" in its 29th, and all my books, without one exception, are in a flourishing condition of sale, which is perfectly satisfactory to both me and my pub lishers. though I can quite understand the chagrin of the reviewers 0:1 the subject, as they were all against me from the first. 