BREVITIES. The tender of Mr. R. Lightfoot has been nccoptod for tho alterations at tho Auburn Railway Station. Tho employees of Goodlot and Smith's worka entertained Mr. A. Coooland at a ban quet on Saturday ovonmg. Tho gathering was a most onjoyablo one. Tho Benson Varioty Company'sbonofit to Mr. II. Molville, at Granvillo, on Friday, waa not so woll attended aa was anticipated. Tho Auburn Council sal till 11.15 on Mon day, und wero hard at work all the timo. Tho Railway Commissioners havo refused to light the subway at Auburn (noir tho marshal ling yards) with tho incandescent light. Mr. Smiles sent an apobgy to tho - Auburn Council on Monday, for hia noo-atteudance tit tho recent moetinR re tho subway. Tho Mayor said Mr. SmaileB was not to bbme for his abjenco, which was due to a postal bunglo. He thought, however, that tho censure in the press might be for tho best, us it served to waken the member up. The Auburn Council is going to ask for fire alarms in the borough. There is a great deal of dissatisfaction caused by tho absence of the School of Arts committee men from the meetings of tho De bating Society. Ths Society was formed by them, and now the)' seldom show up in any numbors. Tho technical classos at Granvillo aro being very well attended now. The Auburn Council have docided to ask for l.firo alarms in tho borough, connected with Rookwood and Granvillo brigades. Thoy say they don't get enough for thoir monoy now. It is likely that an effort will be made aoon to get u reel and hose from tho Board, and form an Auburn Brigade. 'i be decorations at the Granville banquet on Saturday were conveyed to the Parramatta District Hospital on tho following day. Tho Granville Beriovolcnt Society held its ennuul general meeting on Wednesday last at the Town Hall. Tho only persons present were Mr. W. Swann, lion, treasurer, and a representative of The Aiiorja. Mr. Swann preaentod the baUnco-shoot, whioh tho newspaper man passed (to his noto tiook) nom. con. Tho Granvillo Protectionist Association mot on Tuesday. Tho Mayor read a paper on Protection. It was expected that a fresh development in connection with tho difficulty at Hudaou Bros, would tako plaoo yesterday (Friduy). A Bago writer assured hia readers last week that tbo trouble might bo considered to havo onded. About two daya bnforo he published that assurance, Iho suggestions for a reduction woro adopted, and it was docided to enforce them. At Hud?on'a tho men say that the directors haven't the ghost of a show of getting thorn to accopt tho proposals. Tho license, sought for haa been granted to tho GruziorB* Meat Company to oreot moat worka at Uranville. A bit of good luDk for Granvillo, The Auburn Pigoon Sooiety havo their initial 'fly ' to-day. Tho Auburn Literary Society's concert on Wednosdiy waa woll attended und mOBt of tho itonia woro encored. Work ia Black ut tho Meat Works just now. A lot ot hands havo boon put off till after Eastor. The Auburn juniora hold thoir annual meet ing on Wedneaday. There ia evory promise of a successful season for tho club. Jamoa Norton, a Moat Works employee, lost bis finger in a guillotine on Monday. Tho oalo at Mr. Mate's, Auburn, conducted by Mr. A. H. Ferris on Saturday, had tho largest attendauoo yet aeon in tho district. Mr. J, McKonzio acknowledges in another column the goneroBity of hia neighbours, who subscribed £28 C3 2d for hia benefit. 