WHAT THINGS MAY COME. ? «. ? ; ' Oh Yankee Doodle Officially in London. ' When Colonel George Washington precipitated the war between England aud France,1 by. which the former wonall Canada and planted victoriously the Union Jack on Fort Da Qaesrie, he little thought, doubtless, that on the same continent he would eventually lead the final advances of an insnrgent army argainst the Grown he had sworn alle giance to. And, when the end came in the Versailles treaty, by whidh the American colonies of England beci.mo recognised among civilised nations as a Sovereign State, neither his Majesty of England, nor his Excellency the Presi dent of the new, confederation, wo may feel sure, believed that the time would* come, in 1893, when the hatchet would be so very much buried as to permit of a great naval ' review, headed by ? the British, in New York waters, or, in 1896, no later than two days ago, when authority would bo given for the parading of the U..S. A. troops, with their Stars and Stripes, in the streets of Lon don. For, who amongst us, kings, presidents or. people shall foretell the fates ! Not only have all these strange things happened, as stated, but the Queen herself, the descendant of the in capable monarch whose narrowness and temper caused the Virginian group to bo lost to the British Crown, has con sented to receive three hundred honorary federal soldiersfl, ag, uniform and all, and, indirectly, exchange cousinly congratula tions with Mr. Grover Cleveland on the other side of the water. The world inovos, and the changes which wore once tho growth of centuries, are now so rapid wo1 never .know when' wo awake in the ' morning, whether two countries which havo been calling each other names for months, or evon years, will not have started mutual compli men tings, or whether two countries which swore over the nntional glass a vow of eternal friend ship will not have been discovered, one or the other, in a' gross attempt to suc cessfully play Judas. And yet, after all, is it not just pos sible than even though the unexpected may happen in national as in individual concerns, the old antagonisms are as strong to-day as ever they wore at any poriod of the world's- existence ? It is trno that England may forgivo tho United States for the little injury which tho latter has done hor ; it is just as possible that the United States may forgivo England for tho great injury dono her by a British king in the last century ; and because, whatever may bo the case, with the turbulent elements which are over in the Republic, tho pre mier blood is just the samo, and tho language, tho history and the literature are all inherited from the one mighty stock. But could the samo feeling evor bo brought about, no matter what the incen tive, between Gormany and France, Eng land nnd Franco, or oven EngJnnd and Germany ? Tho old spirit of animosity between tho Fatherland and tho country which gave to tho world tho language of its kings, courts and polite socioty, is as much alive to-day as ever, even indeed | as it was in the early seventies/ when' it was not created but only exhibited in a more active way ? Let us bury the hat chet, but with the handle, peeping out at all times, as if events — and who knows ? — demand its re-sharpening the readier the means the more promising may he the opportunity ! The Princess Royal of England was the innocent means of demonstrating this feeling only a few years ago when she invaded Paris with a palette in one hand and an olive branch in the other, and sought, in hor simple way/ to bring the shaggy foe she had just left and the silken one she had come to,- 'together as true and lasting com rades. There would have been a difficulty as the consort of the son of the iron Wil liam which nothing might have bridged over, but as a Princess of England ! — she tboaghtshe would find it all .fair sailing, that Franceand Gerraanywouldcomelike tame lions to the feet of a neutral and much loved royalty and lie down cosily together. Credulous princess and more than credulous supporters— for there were many— ? ; the smallest of sparks was sent up from the chimney of a newspaper office, and in less than a week all Paris was crackling inflames, the august lady herself, the hapless cause of it, receiving a hint that France would esteem it an Tionor indeed if she would permit the genius of revenge' to escort her across the frontier. And is it any better in.the case of England and that great country of constitutional vicissitudes named ? ? Agincourt is so long ago. one has to turn up one's Chronological Table to readily fix it ; Waterloo, even, is bat a blur in the distance of time ; and all the battles between them from the third Ed ward to the third William are less even than that. And yet — a few paltry newspapers in Paris talk loudly over their little Siamese affair* and the Chan cellor of the Exchequer, then touring the continent, is hastily recalled, and two Cabinet meetings are hastily summoned in England and France ; and after Lord Rosebery has reminded his neighbours of the victories of Harry and St. George a storm arises which is dispelled only by the greatest possible diplomacy, a- war being averted by the merest, of squeaks. Nevertheless, it is pleasing to read of old quarrels being patched up, whether in the case of nations or of individuals, and where this patching is of pieces so like in texture as the British and the better half of the United States, we feel that it is all the more pleasing because like to like is so much more promising. Still it would make the- eyes of George III. of England, aye, — even the eyes of George I. of the American confederation, could those ? gentlemen rise from their graves, enlarge in their sockets with all the as tonishment with' which black men first saww.bite.'to behold whatis happening in London to-day— rthree hundred honorary United States soldiers, having fluttered their stars end stripe3 within the sha dow of St. Paul's, and made the windows of Westminster rattle to the strains of Yankee Doodle, are to be received by her Majesty the Queen at Windsor ! We almost fancy we can hear George III. turning in his vault now, and George I. (that is Washing ton) rising to a sitting posture in his, and .saying to the paternal ghost who hovered o'er his dreams, 'Father, I cannot lie, not even here.' . 