TWO A-WHEEL. MAROOTA AND WISEMAN'S FERRY. The road to Dural climbs along the edge of ! Hawkesbury ridged itt tho lontr swinging cur of ii festooned creeper. Prom ita left-hand fen nearly tho whole way through, green puddo fall lil.-e tho inner hollow of a great ware to lo lying laud about tho "Windsor-road ; and, at tervuls, where tho natural parapet is, so to spe; battlemented, the venturous roadway leap« ? embrasure and disappears into mysterious dept On the right- hand tito fall is moro gradual, and c sees tiny white homestead* nestling on tho edge the bush, threaded along that array of hun and hollows that mon call tho Greek's Crc< road. On easy-going days, when our main object to be out of town somewhere, and we don't mi walking up midden l.onldorous Mild, and hangi ou to tho brake all thc way dovAi still «ton descents, Ted nui I havo a liking for tho Groo] Crcck- road. It isn't all hills or boulder«, has its share of smooth-running bush track, n pretty unexpected orchards and quiet water tl glennis up through a tangle of vines and brusl wood. But this day wo had sterner work on hm and Dural was only the prologue to our rid and the stc.uly view-widening climb of the mn road was good cuough for un introduction to t task that was coming. The air, keen and bruni: from it« journey over tho mountains, stirred us sprint over the sharpest of tho road- bumps. T sun, ruddy from hi» morning tub, glauccd at through the eastern treetops like n boy rnbbii bili eyes and only half awake in ßpito of the cc water. Vrescutly the Kenthurst-road dropp gracefully into ti tempting' hollow, to creep tiwi stealthily through the bush below towards a lal still nasty with the uight-vapourings of tho gre river. "Wo sot our faces steadily into the eye tho sun, parsed two or three moro of thoso quai bush letter-boxes, which consist of a biscuit-bt hung'- on a stick (tho letters aro left on the grout bolow), plugged through a patch of new metr. and ran joyfully down to Dural-and breakfast. Above the village the roads divide, with lovely little round-apsed church in the fork of the Y. Galston lies to the right, beyond four miles of rather common-place swItchback ; the left hand road has a name to it in the maps, which call it the Great North-road-but the centre word alone is altogether true in these days. Hov ever, for four or iive miles more we found it road pur f.nviV^.'rr, shooting ahead betwee I orchards and orangeries no less flourishing tba j those of Lauo Cove. And then-well, there w: I certainly lankier bush and more of it, but tl traci; was as the ttack to Narrabeen. Spring w: in the air, and presumably in tho earth too, bi ibero was little sign of its coming on thc Fcrub w passed through. " Out here," said Ted, when I made sumo sue remark, " Spring means only that Nature changing her underclothing." After sampling seven or eight differeut speci , mens of bad road, wo found ourselves at last o the springy level above Maroota proper. Thi lost statement is ninda in good faith, and with timi belief in ita truth ; but it must bo owned w havo none but hearsay evidence for it. Of ou own selves, wo know not whether there be an Maroota at all there ; there is only a bad fenc along one side of tho road, and tho germ of good view veiled hy gum trees on the other. Hu it was here, many months ago, that wo happenr on a man with a horse and buggy, just ready t camp for afternoon tea ; and when he returns with n billy full of water fron, excursions dowi the right-hand slope, he told us of a mystoriou township-to-be that Government survoyor hod biddon lurk, ghost-like, in tho scrub below Tho maps, with a (Ino indefiniteness, put tho nam , whorover in the vicinity a white »paco gapes t< bo lilied; but our informant was preciso mid par ticuiar-moreover, ho shared his tea with us, nm toasted delicious bacon ou a forked twig ovor tin ashes. We will believe him. Wo bad more reniiniseiÄces nf that lido that one. As wo bumped over it this morning, tin road was stony and sandy and uninviting enough but whenever ono of us felt inclined to abuse it ' tho other reminded him of the weary night or willoh we first made its acquaintance. Ted wai n novice then, and wo had started from Dural toe bite in the afternoon ; and a litllo beyond MnrooU night caught us, bleak and dim, with tho ghost o] a young moon biding itself perpetually behind raggc-.l drifts of cloud. How wc stumbled down 1 tho craggy grades, and pushed vloiously uoross Ibo sandy bottoms .' How n counted tho miler I (many times over, I fancy), and stared into the . distance for » gleam of firelight. ! And how oin hearts leapt, and our machines bounded over thc boulders, when tho gleam was sighted ! O hos I pilublo settlor, if 1 keep your name undisclosed, it is not. for want of gratitude, but for your own comfort, lest other travellers less in distress than we were, sbotild impuso their company upon you, and dislocate-as we did, I regret to say-most of your household arrangement i ! This was ancient bistury, but. we had not for- gotten it ; and this limo in broad and bright day- light, wo hailed tho big ulah hut, in one of whose compartmeut.s we bad watched a winter sunrise through tho chinks, and broken tho ice for our morning tub, and come out. half glowing and half shivering to a real log-iirc -none of your split billets-to bo regaled with all the luxury of a bush larder. And bush meals taste well. Beyond tho soleelion tho road begins gradually to improve, and within a few miles runs out along tho iiorthenimost-roaching spur of tho rauge. with a flash of water, now on this side, now on that, to tell us whom in two long roaches thc Hawkesbury doubles on itself. Tho spur bears nwuy to tho loft ; the road drops by great roeli outtiugH along its camera side, and pauses sud I denly at ila extremity to see tho flute by "Wise mau'« Ferry, and tho swirls and eddies of t river-loop, nnd tho cliffs beyond that tura southwards, and tho reedbeds to their left throu whioli tho Macdonald MUID tor* down from valley- of corn and pumpkins. It is a good viö especially for the Maroota-weary traveller, a wo stayed awhilo to take our fill of it ; then 1 followed tho plunging of tho rond, over steer ns it. near« tho bottom, and ian into tho villa with oyes content and appetites whetted í dinner. It is a quaint little hamlet, this appetidugo "Wiseman's Ferry. It dares not encroach upi tho expanse of flat meadow within tho loop, 1< any day a flood should tako it voyaging Brooklyn or Barranjoey. It cannot, for obvio reamonn, plant i lao If with any sort of regularity i a hiîlsido that ia mostly cliff. So it hangs < whero it can, an inn hero and a church thor trying* to look comfortable, as an acrobat tri with ono log round his nook on A trapeze ; an TÍO wed from tho river, one may almost say that suceouds. But from above the acrobatism ïs mo conspiuuons, nnd ono is grateful for tho std little hmo that winds down to a sliprail and small jetty, and gives tho village ono foot nt len on tho safn foundation of tho river bank. I that lauo our road lay, for tho steamer waa n yet due, and we could intercept it higher up tl river if we choso to rido nonie part of the Wi towards Wiudsor. We did choose. But wo did not ride. At least, not much. For this up-thc-rivi track was quainter even than tho hamlet it lef It never seemed quito to know what it wu Sometimes it wns a s tono causeway, built alon the fa co of a cliff, among whoso stones tho watt lapped nnd sluiced a foot below our wheel: Sometimes it was a footpath over tiny grce meadows, where some creek had burst from th spur that was our morning's rido and made miniature delta nt tho gully month. Anon : would disnppoar from sight altogether in a pne of tall-steinmed, brand-leaved weeds, not to euphoniously named ; we could feel that it wa there, firm and smooth under our tires, but ou front forks cut persistently through tho yellow green foliago that concealed it. Also it wa obstructed by sliprails, and turned asido nt od' moments by ferocious barbed wiro fences ; at on moment it lost tho river completely, at tho ncx turn it nearly lost itself in tho river. It wan ; continuai wm reo of joy to us, as unexpected! delightful na a quick- witted child ; wo rod where we could, and walked leisurely where \v must, and stray dogs wandered about »rn wítl pensive caution, nnd stray children looked ove tho fence and said "Sly gracious!" And w didn't know whore wo were going or how loni we should take on tho way, and wo didn't care And when we got to tho last calling place whet* it would bo safo to wait for thc steamer wo lay 01 our backs and wailed, without any p;irticuHi anxiety because she wits lato ; and lifo was la/j and pleasant, and Maroota wa* a dream ot thi past, and town a nightmare of somo lou y agi century. We must havo gone to sleep. Into on reverie broko tho steamer's whistle ; and then she was, throbbing up to the steep hank ni»' shooting out to us au ali too pliant plank thal bowed tinder our weight'.ill it nearly slipped of tlie grass. However, wo got- ourselves and tin machines aboard without mishap, and slower ourselves away on a medley of cargo, and watchei' j with indolent content tho quiet flow of river-life Tlio stream boro to and fro noross its valley, swirling under a sleep hillsido hore, thero eddy- ing among tho shallows that fringed green meadowland. Sometimes a boat laboured into midstream to intercept us, bringiug a parcel 01 receiving tho week's meat supply, and so dropping away into our wake. Öo in etil tics, with much fussiness and hooting of thc whistle, tho steamer thrust herself against the groaning piles of a little jetty. At ono place she repealed her perform mi et I for our benefit-wedged herself against a steer bank and flung ont upon it thc bending length ol plank ; and along the plank for more than half au hour all the furniture of a uuw-mado homo came to laud- tho chairs, and the tables, and the bedsteads, nnd lit tlc knieknacks fur the sitting room, a huge glass ovorniantel, nnd a pim hora of kitchen apparatus (let us hope thc bride's cake was ns good ¡is her mother-in-law's), mid ssxlc ing-eo ^ereil halos which wo imagined to bo blankets, and garden tools, nnd a big box ol vegetable f euds, and two large pictures tied face to faeo ; lill when we loosed the mooring ropes and puffed off again upstream every avnilnblo ledge of that hillside bore its incongruous load, and tho black retriever that guarded the whole consignment went his rounds unceasingly, yap- ping into the dusk for his forgetful master. Night set in, with tho clear paleness of a crescent moon for compauy. Thc uncouth hills fell back on either hand; dim grass-land, just vniled with new- born mist, fncod darker orchards across tho widening stream. In a hollow of the eastern bank eonio boys, waiting our arrival, had piled a driftwood fire that roared against tho cold contemptuous moonlight. And when wc had gone ashore, and our hito carrier had panted round a curvo out of hearing, wo heard the flight of a soft-winged bird and tho rustió of a mountain brcezo ulong tho Colo ; for on everything but 