SENFREY MYSTERY; QX A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A Detective Story. Br Hia-Y Hxan.r. -9----~ Published by special arrangement oith Messrs Ward. Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RZSERVEKI CHAPTER V. THE MESSAGE FROM TILE GRAVE, Count Brodle seemed to be destined to tigoemr ooplcouly In,, my Investigations. It was clear to me that he was on terms of close aoquaintanoe with my next door lodger; and that being ascertained, the theory of an Intimacy between him and Maria Orano was eaily suggested. !. Morten had aeerbd, ad I had every reason to believe the truth e his statement, that Lord 8enfrey took a merely friendly interest in the little Italian girl. Could it be that the person on whose aoouont she committed suicide was Count Brodie It was possible, but It seemed strange that if such were the case the police had no infer. matfon upon the subject, and that my noble Levantine friend walked so unonernedly in and out of the house where his victim had poisoned herself. There was no time to be lost, and I mra. mediately sat to work to examine every nook and corner of my room. To start with I went on my hands and knees and crawled ever the floor from one end to the ether. The carpet in the room was worn, and here and there torn. Underneath the bed the finff lay half an inch thick. I noiselessly moved the bed, first on one side, then on the other, but could find nothing, except, at one corner, quite close to the wall, between the edge of the carpet and the wall Itself, a little brai button. I held it up to the light and examined it. It was a small button which had evidently belonged to a glove-a man's glove, most probably, from the size. That was not an eraordlnary find in itself. I held it up to the light again, and found, in tiny figures, the letters "C.F, and Cie." stamped upon it. "That belonged to a French glove," I sald to myself. "The word'Cle.'tells me that If it had been an English made glove it would have been ' Co." I put the thing into my pocket and crawled en further. There was a little square table near the window covered with a greyish stained toilet cover. A little dressing-glass stood on it, and there were various broken and unbroken little china trays and boxes belonging to an odd dressing table set. Just naext to one leg of the table I foun! a single, thin, long, unbroken particle of Turkish tobacco. It was just one of the fine threads of tobacoe that a man in making a cigarette might have dropped. That was not much either ; but it indicated to me that either Maria Orano herself had smoked Turkish tobaaoo in the place-and Italian girls sometimes do smoke-or that seomebody had been in the place who smoked Turkish tobacco. I picked up my tiny tobacco straw with the utmost care and laid It gently en one of the little china trays. Then I searched for more. On anotherof the trays on the toilet table I discovered two particles of Turkish tobsooo even finer than the first, and when I looked still further I found three or four more on the floor on the same side of the table. I gathered them all together care fully, and when I took out my magnifying glass I found that these were straight cut Turkish tobsoco ef good quality and crop. I would have to question Mrs Roeney about Maria Orano'a habits, whether or not she smoked; and that would help me a great deal. Turkish tobacco ef that quality was not sold in the purlieus of Holborn. It was potent to me that somebody had stood by that table and had there made a cigarette, and, as I opened one of the little china boxes on the table, my surmise became strengthened when I found there a burnt out wax vests. I should have to learn if Maria Orano received visitors, and, if pos sible, whom. Another point of importance would be to knew who introduced her to the landlady. After that I opened the wardrobe and all the drawers In the room. I turned out every spack of dust and left no corner where a pin could lie unexamined. But my search proved fruitless. "Two things I shall have to find out," I mid to myself--" to what kind of glove this button belonged, and where the paper was bought from which this scrap in my pocket was tcrn. Twilight had been setting in in the mean. time, and it was imoossible to continue my search, as I was provided with neither candle, lamp nor gas-light. I went down stairs, therefore, and passing Mrs Matilda Pooney, who, curtseying and grinning her sweetest, opened the door for me, I went out. My first journey brought me to the Strand. I dealt habltually for my gloves and hosiery at a shop near Charing Cross Station. I entered, and called the manager. "Can you tell me," I asked, "from what kind of glove this button ha been torn 1" The haler looked at it. "Oh, yes, sir," he aid: "that's easuy enough. That's a French button, and the Initials on it stand for Courtin Freres and Company. They've been supplying the markat with a lot of anade gloves lately, and they've gone off very well-good qnallty and low prices. I should usay that that button comes from one of them." "Have you got any of these suee gloves I" I makad. "Ne, dsir,"was the man's answer; "I haven't at present. "Wehad six pairs, and sold them all ' "Do you know who is likely to keep them ?" I contianed. "Oh, most shop in the West End keep them. If you look aboot Bond Stret or the Burlington Arcade, you'll find them at a dozen places." This was valuahle Intermation. A man had evideatlUy been i hMaria Orano's room who wore mude gloves. It would be my dty to know if Cennt Gyffa Brodie wore m-de gloves. From the Strand I strolled to the Bur lington Arcade, ad there, among the goods erxhlblted in the shop windewos, I discoovered at least three places wher gentlemen's s~~de glove were sold. Whenin the arcade I looked also into a fancy stationer's shop, tosee if anywhere I could find a paper like that of my scrap. I entered one plaoe, and patting out my little sample, without showing the lettering, I asked the man if he could give me any letter paper like that "Oh, yes, I can," was the man's reply. "It comes from an ordinary De la Rue aighteeynpnn packet." I bought my Do Ia Rue eighteenpenny packet, d sre enough there was the same paper-ribbed, waterlined, quality, and all exactly the tame. That paper was most likely sold by myriads of packets in London, and any one of the persons I auspeoted might have used that kind of paper, I felt a little dishearteed at the discovery, but soon plucked up corage again, Many per. sons might have nued DIe ls Rue's eighteen penny lpekete, but if I found that one of the people I suspected used such paper, it wonld yet be an additional step in my en I The Burlington Arcade was but a few steps from Gratton Street, Bond Street, where the present Ldy Senfrey had lived up to a day or two ago. A thought ehot into my mind at that moment, and taking advantage of it while the man was wrapping np my ittle parcel, I asked quite oasuully, " I suppose you've heard of the awful mur der of Lord Senfrey " "Oh, yes," replied the man. "Shocking affair, isn't it? rm very sorrny for it for more than one reason. You sea, Mrs Mar tin !lymer, who Is Lady Seafrey now, lived in Grafton street, jest over the way, and she was a rular customer of ours, and had lIo of th s fron us." Thr n was ied . I "Oh!" I exdelied. "I upeow she brr~ ha k ~Ir- . kinds of paper and all kindsa of colors, and all kinds of shapes. You see that sheet there with 'Agatha' in gold ]etters right acTors the corner of the page. We got that up for her. Now she'll move to Eaton Square, I suppose, and forget all about this shop." I could not tell why, but as the ma went on so carelessly the color nearly faded out of my cheeks. Had I put my finger upon the right clue at last P Were my suspicions founded upon a shadow of fact P Had Lady Senfrey, driven to desperation by the threat of prosecution against her hus?bad, resorted to this diabolic means of extricatig herself from penury sad Martin Neymer from prison P "I suppose," I ventured with a smile that must have looked sickly, " Lady Sen frey bought plenty of paper like what I've bought just now t" "No," was the man's quick answer, "not much. It's a kind of paper that she wouldn't touch. All her own notepaper has some ornamentation of some kind flowers, or gilt lettering, or something. Her husband, the preent Lord senfrey. might have bought some, but Mrs Alfred Neymer -never." At that moment a servant entered the place and asked for three packets of ordi y otepape, the same as "he had bought bore," he added. The shopman handed him three packets exactly like the one I had purchased. " That man came from a place that's closely connected with the Benfrey case," the attendant said, when the man had on.a "HRe comes from Rhowdon House, Park la?e." " Lrd Bent's house Y' I asked In amae aent. "The amme," was the answer. "Lady Bent often comes here. We sell a lot of things to her ad to the ear, and also to on of her friends, Count Brodie." I am afraid the man must have thought me impolite, for I left the shop hurriedly, so derd was I for the moment by the force of my discovery. At that early period of my career I was not yet so steeled to the exigeneof my calling as to be able to kep the thorough control over my nerves which I have since attained. "There's no doubt about it now," I said. "Count Brodie has had a bhand in the busi ness, and the sooner I get upon his tracks the better." But it was one thing to suspect Count Brodie, it was another to prove that he was guilty. I could not, at that moment, prove to myself even what possible advau tage he had to gain, or what possible an he had to achieve by murdering Lord Sea fy. No crime is committed without a motive, sad it would have to be my object to discover what motive he and Lady Bent, it she were mixed up with it, had In taking the life of a m who, as far a I knew, di them no harm, and through whose death they could not reap any benefit. I rather regretted ,that I had not been present at either of the inquest, nor at the first hearing of the charge against Orsoo. I might have gathered so much by. watch ing the faces and demesanor of the pesons I suspected. Of course, when I first read about the business I had no Inkling that I would be canoerned in it. I was occupied with other important matters and there fore paid but little attention to the Se8nrey case. Now both inquests and the hearing of the charge against Luigi Oranohad been adjourned until the following week. After a short consideration of the pros and cone, I decided to take up my abode at 132, James Street, Bedford Bow, for a few days at any rate. I returned to Craven Street sad packed my oldest portmanteau with such articles of daily wear as I might need. Sprat looked at me mournfully as I moved about my room, and finally jumped on my little table and looked into my face inquiringly. He said as plainly as he could, " Please don't leave me here alone again." I patted him and stroked him, and he crept up to me as if he had known me ever so long. A dog's instinct is a wonderful faculty. Any decent dog knows a friend from a foe at a glance. I gave full Instructions to Weatherby, and, taking Sprat under my arm, I jumped into a hansom, gave my portmantean to the man on top, and drove to Holborn. I think I rose greatly in Mrs Matilda Rooney's estimation when she saw me arrive In a hansom, having evidently well fee'd the cabman. for he touched his hat to me with cheerful alacrity. My portmanteau was not very heavy, but, with Sprat under one arm, I made a great I show of dragging it into the hall. I had brought with me that which I knew to be I an open sesame to the heart of ladies of the class to whloh Mrs Rooney belonged. I had stopped the cab at a public-house on the road and had purchased a bottle of the best unsweetened gin. "Come in here for a moment, Mr - Mr \- what is your name!" Mrs Rooney said, opening the door of the parlouer, when she saw me apparently distressed by the effort of llfting about fifty pounds. "Come here and sit down a bit, and then Ill give you a 'and to take your portmantesn upstairs. Nice little dog that Is of yours." That was just whet I wanted. I entered the sitting-roem and sat myself down in a ricketty arumchair there. Sprat Immediately took his pat on the table near me, and looked at Mrs Roasney with his head cocked on one side. The lady attempted to stroke hlm, but Sprat wriggled out of the way. Mra Roooey's nremath wuas re[nacea of ontons, ad Sprat evidently rsented it "My name is Grant. You'll remember it, won't you. in came of any letters coming for m e!" I sard, "Oh, to be sure I will, Mr Grant," re sponded the lady; grDding and cortseying. " I think we shall get on very well together, Mr Grant." I inwardly expresed the hope that the pleasure might be short-lived, hut I rejoined, "I sincerely hope so, Mrs Booney. I give very little treeblte and evan whm-I work at home you sldom hetr me stir." "And what may be your brusins, Mr Grant'" Mrs Booney Inqlred, with a per snasive smirkt. " Most of the gentlemen that livs 'ere have something to do in the City. Are you in the City. Mr Graat!" "No," I answermd drily. I amrn my living by spolin paper." Sh Wat's that '" intrrogatd the lady. "I ama pretty fair drsaghtsma, anad many of my sketches have been honored by publication in papers omioc and srleas" In my little book there were two or three bits of whioh I was very proud. I produced them, and showed them tothe good woman. "Oh, that's It, Mr Grant," she exclaimed. ".That's very nloe. You draw, then. And do they payyen money for doing that sart of thing! " Mrs Roeney's oditolm of my artisti eNorts was net flattering, but it was doubt' lessly sincere. "' Yea," I anewered, "It may be strange, bat they do pay me foethat kind of thing. It'. very werm Mrs Bsaey," I ?die, " and I'm very thirsty' •I looked round the roeo. "You haven't a drop eof -?"-P' I ashked "Not a drop," Mrs Rooney interrupted me sharply, "I If it's anythiag short yen mean. I now and then do take somthing, but it's on sooount of my chest ad my liver, and the doctor 'e rays I eaght to have a dropon a day atleaest ButI've beeno poor of late and so worried, n what with my old man dead these ten y?ar and even oblidres to keep, and one d 'em a cripple from his birth--" Imwas ard that the story of the lady'e wos might be oatinued for some time. Therefore I produoed my bottle frea my co I'v broht this with me, Mrs Rooney," I L, "be~ase my docter also has recommended me to take a drop now sand again; and if you could find two tomblerm and a drop of oluean water " That I can," the lady replied with gusto. "I always keep leanl water-f-iltered water-end I'll see that the bottle in youear ram is always filled with filtered water ; and ii yen don't mind waiting a secoad or two. I' be uop ag m Ina o. " at? aftMward?- eturn? with t? e tuab. lIs.s am eathaws nf allof water.m 2Th bale el as t M ea was piend. I asked the lady to help herself, and she took a glass. and holding her broad palm in front of it, poured oat about three-fourths of its capacity of the pure spirit. Then she filled up the small remaining space with water. I had noticed the operation perfectly, and could not repress a grim smile. "I do hope, Mrs Rooney," I said, "that my next door neighbor is a quiet man." The lady smacked her lips, and having emptied her glaess, looked with greedy eyes upon the bottle. "Oh, Mr Byrne, you mean! Well, 'e isn't a bad sort, as men go, Mr Grant," she answered. "And he's clever if what I'm told is true. He's always iaventing some thing or other, and always a saying some thing or other is to make him rich, but he never dos set rich. When I go into his room to tidy it, the place is choke full of thing-oclookwork things, and things like locks, and all kinds of queer things." That was information to start with. Mr yrne was a practical inventor. That was worth knowing. "Help yourself again, Mrs Rooney," I id. puhing the bottle towards the lady. "Don t mind me. It's the bet gin that can be bought, and it will do your chest and liver good.' mrs Rooney did not require to be asked twice. She helped herself to about a gillof the raw spirit "I've rad all about your troubles since I've been here," I went on, while the lady gasped under the effect of the " liver medi. cane " and fanned herself with her apron. " I wet and bought the ppers on purpose. That poor girl must have had a lot of trouble. Have you any idea how she came to poison herself" "None whatever," Mrs Rooney replied, in a more guttural voice than bfore, " a I told the coroner and as I told the jury. None whatever. I don't know no reason why the poor thing shbold have taken her life, and she so young and nice." "Wasn't there some love trouble P" I demanded, "Did nobody come to see her ' "Not a soul, Mr Grant, not a living human creature soul." "No man ?" " No man, nor woman, nor child." " How did she eome to you Who recommended her F' "Nobody recommended her as I know, except the respectable apperance of my 'ouse. She came here to look for lodes, the same as you did sad a n aybody ee might have done, anad m o sorry that the poor young thing came to take away I that which God had giaven ber and which she couldn't retore." Here was a new eaanglament of the mystery. "I have an odd question to ask you, Mrs Roooey," I continued. "Do you know I whether she smoked I" "Smoked I" nearly screamed the lady. 1 SThat poor girl smoke Of counrse she didn't Why should she smoke " " I thought the room smelt of smoke," was my answer, "but I might have been mistaken." "Then you are mistaken," Mrs Reoney retorted "I'm sure she never touched a tobacco." Then I was right. A man had been in I the placoe, a man who smoked Turkish to-, baooo and who wore suele gloves. I eventually left my "open seame e" bottle with Mrs Boeney, receiving in re turn the good woman's blessings ad the fervently expressed wish thatI might often i come and have a chat with her, to which I said "Amen" with mediocre enthusiasm. She would insst upon helping me up- I1 stairs with my portmantea, with the re- i sult that I hsd to drag to the upper I regions an additional dead weight of per hape eleven stone of alcoholic rebellious. I nes. Once arrived at my room, the good I lady disposed herself in my armchair, as if I intent to remain there, vowing that it was I the sweetest room in the house, and that I I was the nicest and meet gentlemanly a lodger she had ever had, an informing , me, with tears in her eyes. of her devout I wish that her old man, dead and gone I these ten years, leaving her with seven i children to support, etceters, etootera, I might have been with her to see how a gentleman could behave when he was a gentleman, and promising that if I wanted a breakfast at any time I aheuld have all the i soft oes in the house. As Mrs Rooney finally seemed inclined I to fall upon y breast and to weep there, I I yawned and- stretched my arms, and began to unpack. Even this proved no inoentive I for departure, and how long she might have 1 remained thus deponent knoweth not, had not, on a sudden, a crash somewhere in the lower regions made the good woman yell. "That's Jimmy," she said. 'That's 'Im who's been a cripple from his birth, that is. He's knocked' my supper Into the grate, I that's what he's done. I know It. Four- a penn'orth of as nice tripe as ever you saw, a Mr Grant; and I think it's a shame for a 1 poor widow to be left with seven children I to support, and one of them a cripple from a 'is birth." I ventured upen the suggetion that if the I tripe was to be saved from tter destraction I by fire or flood, time would be the essence of the oontract; and iMrs Rooney reluc, tantly took her leave, showerdang upon my head more blesings than it ever eould have arried in oomfort. Whm Mrs Roney wa gone I looked my I dsor, and after listening for a while aundli discoering no sound in the chamber next to 1 mine, I prooeeded to give another glance around my newly chosen apartment. It was a lovely moonlight night, and the sdlver rays fell dimly through the white muslin curtain upon the dark carpet of my room. They ran in mellow, glitteri Ines l. ag tbshe carvings of my mahogany oodsta ad ell upon the bed Itself in an opal patoh. In the shade of the wall oppoite my bed stood my candle, and the deeperllow ssn mingled curiously with the pale light which ( streamed through the dingy paes. The old laoe cuorteins an either side of the win dew looked to me like misty oolumns In the seml- gloom. I gave Sprat some water, and tried to tempt him with food. He drank greedily bat I could not get hlm to at more than a tiny morsel of a biscit. I threw a rug over the foot of my bed, and arranged It so as to form a comfortable little nst for him. I sat up for a while, and by the flickering light of my oandle made my entrime for the day into my diary, as was my habit. All I the while I kept my heart in my ers, lis te?ing for every step, for every voice, for verwy breath. But next door to me there was no sound. If the man was within he was either asleep or s watohful as a weasel I therefore undressed myself and went to bed. I had walked a gret deal during the day, and with one thing and another, though not ocoustomed to retire early, I soon fell sleep. How long I might have slumbered I know not, but I was awakened by Sprat's movements on my bed. When I mros to an upri~ht position and rnbbed my eyes, the moonight was falling throgh the figured muslin ourtains of the 1 window, and the laoe work threw little fan. tastio shadows into the midst of the greenish glow. It seemedto me as if the eurtains were waving quaintly, and as if there was a flutter deliate, soundless, and graceful, amonog the lao. Sprat was sitting on his hanches en my bed, staring towards the ourtains, now growllag, thl whining, now dartin towards the window, and then ahrink~fg back agels, as in fear. "What's the matter, Sprat?" I asked, pallieg the Hlie dog towards me, whlle he struggled and tried to free himself, his little bedy t~blhgN all the while as in a fever. I- d aroand the room. but ould die. cover no mese for Sprt's undue excitement but he sped from my gap and again owered bck again, whning loadly. I looked again. I could me nothing but the peculiar formless movement whohh I had thought I had noticed, like that of a human hand waved up and down behind the our talns, d a the whitel, embroidered maslin rstP rlasig them and allowing them sto ell their natural folds again. ,Wht'e up, I w der " I sid, loIokinag osad with nl tetadl uWpria?se. "You do a?s all,.a w." I stroked him and patted him, but he would not be consoled. He stared as if his eyes were bursting from his head; and at last I jumped up, crying, "What can be the matter P Let me have a look." Sprat had followed me out of bed, and darting towards the window had jumped on the window-sill. In endeavoring to gain a foothold on the narrow aurface he brushed against one of the flower- pots that were standing there, and it came down on the floor with a crash. I picked it up, and as I did so a curious sensation fastened itself upon me, as if a cold, clammy hand were touching the hand with which I gripped the earthenware. I could not for the life of me have told why, but the con tact seemed to be on me, and the moment afterwards I had to smile in spite of myself, muttering, " What a fool you must be, George! The next thing that will hap pen to yon will be to believe that the ghost of this girl is haunting this room." The pot had broken into two pieces on the floor, and the flower and earth, hold ing solidly together, were lying in one of them. In the other half someting white attracted my atteatisa. I picked it up. It was one half of a sheet of note-paper folded together, and in it ws wrapped a £10-note, " Goodness gracious l" I said. "How does this come haere " I examined the half sheet of paper in the bright moonlight. A woman had written on it the worms, " Does he think he can buy my seal for £10 P" (To be Continued.) 