Gunnery of Church- Consett (COPYRIGHT.) : By J. D. Hennessey, author oE " An \ Australian Bush Track," " Wyncum |t- White's Wickedness," "The \- Bis-Honorable," &c.; CHAPTESX". ' |) .> jq-ostikued.) I wearied out I sat down on a H -Sench by the side of a sleeper ; " upon tk® little bit of unoccupied room at the jl. end. The man moved restlessly, lifted 1 his head a moment, and eyed me i suspiciously. I apologised for disturb- I inghtm ; upon which he blurted out 1 something and betook himself agaiu to 1 slumber. |j The night seemed interminable, but H at last the gray dawn came, and I walked about, for I was, cold, and presently returned to the street in which 1 my chambers were located. 8 A light still burnt there, so I opened the street door with my latch-key, and with trembling steps mounted the || j stairs. I pushed the door gently open IpL — and— saw the thing at the table ff v . still writing.- || I thought, ' If I had a weapon I |fl would shoot you,' but the question |f arose" ia my mind was it flesh and If blood at all, or was it anything natu- 3 ral '? It would be little use to make a ||v bullet hole in a ghost — the sight of the III thing perfectly sickened me. gig Come in, Vernon, he said turning W around. ! |1 My God ! it was indeed myself, Mirk If - Gunnery— voice, feature, gesture. ! Close tlie door, please, he continued, li!r and sit down, I want to talk to you. jp-: » You know you are singularly like an £ - ancestor- of mine, Mr Vernon. It ':'T jl 1U« _r /v., uuancss ,iu tut? mure strange biiaL you shpuld be so interested in this search after my unfortunate wife aud child. My tongue vwas dry, and stuck to the roof of my mouth, and it was a minute ? !| or so before I could moisten it so as to I' y regain utterance. Bo you know who you are, aud jm where you are, and how you came || here ? Whether you are human, or i_ inhumafl, flesh or devil ? In N the g name of God answer me,- 1 - exclaimed. || His lips cui'led/with scorn, just as. la my own would have done had anyone 2rjr so.atosse-a.me. "'"'"UlcTman, you have been drinlriiig I jp: fear, was all that lie said ; aud that Wi was uttered carelessly and disdain- g fully. III Who -are you '?I repeated. 1|L If you do not know, sir, I am Mark 111 Gunnery of Church-Consett Hall, Eug- ISpL land. If you wish to know further, I f am in Temple Court Chambers, talking , to one John Vernon. »»-" He said this with a fine tone of ||f superiority and irony in his voice, as though he still clung to the belief that Wj-\ I was intoxicated. I was simply sk confounded. And new commenced one of the 1 strangest experiences which ever fell to the lot of man. Baily aud almost hourly I grew to have familiar inter- ' course- with this thing. The some- tiling which was inside the body I hated ; but the exterior was my own flesh, my own home, and I soon .began . to think and plan as to how I might | regain. its possession. I encouraged it to be with me, feared lest any accident j might overtake it. . It was something : belonging to myself in the temporary I possession of another, and I at this stage acted accordingly. | I called it Gunnery and the thing! called me Vernon. I was amazed, how ever, to find that this thing, the vile- | ness and devilry of whose character I soon learnt to know so well, was able to impress other people favorably. It had installed itself completely in my position, for not only had it usurped my name and body, but it appropriated the property and funds, both in Eng land and Australia, which were vested in the name of Mark Gunnery. The belief that it was a demon grew upon me, and in. malice, hatred, and all un- charitableness and falsity, it equalled if not surpassed other human demons, which, alas, walkour streets, and move in society, and taint the very air with their blasphemies and obscenity. I got to know my demon wel , and I loathed him beyond measure ; but yet kept company with him, because of my interest tn the body he possessed. Soon after his first appearance I found that he had taken roomB at one of the best hotels in the city, and was obtaining introductions by the use of my name and money, and was actually getting into society. I was sometimes led to almost question my own identity, for when we are long famiiiar with a state of things, it becomes difficult to continue to iealise their falsity. Just as a man may bo often repeat a .ficton _ A. 1 L A.... M T .« n n. a n £ .« t I 1 A u« iu ueueve it true, jl was bu lamiwui with . the Mark Gunnery who I daily met and conversed with, as almost to believe it to be what it seemed. The illusion was never . con tinued long, however,, for I knew the real Mark Gunnery too, well cot to dis cern the counterfeit. . ' The moment he commenced to talk of anything beyond the merest common place, Isaw the imposture. It was my own body, face, voice, ' and gesture. Every little trick natural to me as a man he had ; to some extent, too, he possessed a knowledge of my past, but it was partial add fragmentary. It was the outer circle of facts that he was familiar with, he knew about my property at Church-Conselt, my in vest ments, the ca-jh iu hands of my bankers, my wife and child, and other things which belonged to matters physical and external ; and when the inner circle of knowledge and experience which every man possesses, was touched upon, he went off at a tangent. He knew that there I knew too much for him, so he evaded such things, and in duiDg so at once revealed himself. Nor did we iu our private inter course altogether bide this from each other. He knew that I knew and bated | hied, "and only kept company with him, ! as we do with a thief or enemy, who possesses something dear to us. That he had an object in comiDg to me was Belf evident, either he was acting for himself or for another; but certainly 'it was for the purpose of tormenting me before my time. I had singular bodily sensations in connection with his coming and his going. I knew at once- that he was in my neighborhood, and I felt re pelled and on my guard as soon as I i found mysef in his presence. .It was! like the positive and negative poles of j a magnet. There was much in com- 1 mon ; but little or no spiritual affinity or attraction, j I believe that some people felt much the same way as I did, in bis company. That mysterious principle which is ; known to chemists as ' the action of presence,' was remarkably evident in j him. I noticed that children aud ani- ; male shrank from him. And . yet he could be suave, courteons, and sweet spoken when he liked ; but it was only surface sweetness, from the tieth out ward. Aud the purer portion of;Bociety seemed unconsciously lo shrink from him. . But he had money, and spoke cor rectly, and carried himself among his fellows as one who by- birth and educa tion and rank had a claim upon the r co >sideration, and to a large extent \- society touk.!)isn at-'nis cvvn price. A handsomely appointed cr.b, with liveried coachman waited for hip? in the morning, to drive him . here and there, and not unfrequently to the barracks, where he became specially familiar with an officer who was a man of wealth, and was lightly regarded in the ser vice, and had been blaukballedjtin the clubs. f I (To be continued). 