NEW SOUTH WALES NOTES. 0'B.OM ODB OWN OOBREBrONDENI) SYDNEf, Tdebday. — The Mining on Private l'roprrty Dill, whlcbJhaB just been returned by the Oouncil ti the Assembly in an nmendeded stale, illustrates In a curicus manner the difference in tic ideas on pio perty current in Ihc t«o lloua.'p. Tbc Conceit insLTte'd an amendment ] raviding that before a prospector could et.t:r upon private land to search f ir r/inerala he mus: pay rent to the owner in advance at the rate oE £1 pcracrc per annum. When it is remembered ttat the lands cbiyfly explored for mining pur|ios»B are Btony rldgi s of little or no value for paBloral or agricultural rurpoieB, and that therein a strong agitation di'nounclug £1 per acre as an exorbitant price for the f''e simple of country lands, tlic wealthy people, and to aek them to pay at the rate of 100 per cent, per annum on an in flated and often qnile nnjustitUblc valuation seemB etretchipg the rights of piivate pro perty a little too far. Tbc Assembly, on the other hand, deleted the amendment alto gether. No iv, it apprars only jnst that a for dis'.urbancc, but that comp^uB^tion Bhjuld not be made eo prohibitive: KB to Hop the extension ol the mining industry. The Buggestion of the Minister that the rent to be paid should be O06e'!BJd by the warden Beemed to b? reasonable cnongh. The Aa semblv, however, would not Helen to it, and it is ejaite possible that the bill, which is badly noiderl, will be lostsltogi'tbcr. KO VICTOBIAK KEKD APPLY. the rej c'ion ot a tender put in by a Victorian contractor for the erection of a bridge at Gutidagai. The acceplod tender was £12,591, an.1, tue Victorian tender was £12,618, or £73 lees. Mr Ueid justices the action of the Government on tbc grouid that the contractor whose tender was accented was known to the de partment, and they coo6idcrei they could r,--ly on getting good wjrs. from him. Ur MKoiEie, the Vicarian contractor, mighl have done the work equally well, but he was a stranger, and it was thought that the njau they know was more eligible tban the man they -iii not know, unltH, indeed, the difference in tbe pric; of the two contracts had bsen wry much greater than it really was. Mr Beid maintains that any private firm would have followed a similar course The Opposition, on the other Laud, denounce him for stealing tbelr clothes, in other weirds f 11 rusirlio(! to l'rote'Ctioniat tactics without OLD AGE PEKSIO!-S- The promptitU'ie of the ^xommitlce ap- pointed to icqnire into the subject of old age pensions iB beyond all praise. They have already reported iu favor of granting pen Biona to nil persons over GO yeard of age who have be:en in. the colony more than 18 .tear*, lh.;y propose to raise hylic ns ? f e- s for the tickwt, tines for druLkinntss and breach of the lie. Being law, «L;d a'jio by a levy of 2 per spirits, anil tobacco. ILey es'.imatc that £110.000 per miium wjul 1 bs nquinl, ev .ry 3 ear in British in u g ndB which loavs 1 am uf rai I, however, ol i age ivt.si ins w.U not becoice si actjmplUhed f-ct juit yet( THE MEAT EXTORT TBADK. A very itupoita-:t new tlei-ttr.ure is about to be inaugurated in the m at export trade. Tbe bankeand nuancial companies are likclv to take- n han.l in the prpes. d cinti-iation to pr. vent unucrFelling, and if they do hoiKiful, aB they would Bimply with it is to th-.ir inter. £t, as w^H aB to that of the f fe*' zing companies and the* individual squattvr. '.hat the \aluj o£ frozen m^at should Le maintuine'd. If the outlet is closed np, or if the shipments result in loss it is likely 10 fall on thiir shoulders ulti mately, tm they are so largely interested in pastoral propertied. The: ?' slaughtering' prices which have had to be submitted to uniil recently have don^ lit il j to etiuiulut? conEiieuptioo, for £ng]bih butchers have a g^auine horror of altering their retail prices, l'hey charge the' public |,rjtty much the in the' first instance. A conference 18 to \jc heURi S.duc- «-. st v-eek, anJ it i» hoped ibui it will result in the establishment of a THE A31EB.ICAX TBEBIDESTIAL KLEOTIOK. At th-: street corners there is a gool deal speciing the American currencv BLruggle. At one time vie are: told that the free silver party have not a ghost of a chance, and at another that the gold men are resorting to as threatening to discharge all who support A C0ONT OUT. Mr Bchey ia tbc invaluable factotum or Johnny- all -Borta of tbe Opposition. But they showed very little gralilule in per mitting h's L'g.l Practitioners Amalgama tion Bill t J be counted out at 7 o'clock on 'iaes'lay night, jur lone ea^s that olr Tichey is the b:6t organiser that he knova. This Bee me to imply either that Mr Lync'e knowledge of orgauiserB ia limited, or* elsi that Mr Bchev's talents were taking a rest. OtheraiBe be would aurely have managed Joking apart, it s^ma strange that mcmbsrB who iro paid £300 a year for only three i.ie:h!b' a'.undnuce a week shonld want to Buirk one -f tb':m. It would be interesting in tL'jafie-rnoonaud the Governor's ball in l-EASKIXG LETTERS, The FoBtetiatiicr ? General had cxprt'ssed hien&'jlf in faTJr cf allowing members of through the Poet Office without payirg post «ge. Hon. uisnititn are already ''.iial »hall b= ',lcaJ- huils'at the.' Poet Oflico as well. This is llioui-hl to bo »kin to a pro p=tiiion »hic'j irai u'ge-il wit.h much z:.il a dhort lim.: ago by huaineBB tiroia with Urge corre-6j-onilv:Lcc, namely, that the postage on 1 tit:'* nil over Hi-- e-olony thould tie re JaccJ ft.mi 21 to Id. Ihc Post Office is alrisrt'l/ rti- al a very h'^vv load, and 6.iould THE LUPBOey COMUJSS1ON. le- per at the Little Bay Asylum have fjr r.ished thiir report. They say that in Ihdr opinion tbe patient iE cortatn! v Buffer iog from utrve leprosy. As to (be iji'eBlijn whether stffarer f jr 'lilo tli'i-v esoreB^cd no opinion. This iarcallr the eliff.r-Lc of r.piniou which 01 o i. D.-. Thomi'SM, PriBi 1, nt of thellmrd ,f Halth, thought the u:an ought 10 be co..n jed, Dr. Tayl -r, the Bup-rintende-nt of tbe biz Tilt.', lliOJeh tLeiounhllnot. Tho real q'iCition wh.^Lher the ^c'.in'iop was juetili^d ENDIiAVOKEBs. Wh' n Mr S. K. Lees was Mayor of Sydney he achieved 6-omc s«all distinction by the manner in which hj rec-.ived thu Gaiety girls. Mr lvea, the pre'Sent Ma., or, is ol a his meed of prait-j by bU rcciplion cf the ,1'logaUB of the Christian linieavor C jnv^n ti'jn which is now hol.lirg i'« eitline's in K/.Jncy. In the cours' of hia r.:niarl» he ci'i- 'I the Public Sch-jol eyttem which omilel Bible rea-lingin Hi; tcaoois. Bathe bad now Jivyd long enough to s.'e1 that be bad llu-a ma-ie a miBiakc, and he thought it ooly right to avow it. That such nn avowal can b*j made not only wi'hnul auy Ioeb of popu larity, fut almret without any remark, by a mill holding Bsich animporianl elective poBi The Bev. James Olitk, wlm got a verdict of £100 against the sheriff last week, is not to be allowed to c?j ty it iu p.-ace. it ap pears that he has not yet paid the cost! ai juiged against him in the iic'.iju brought bv inkon to attach the amount ,lne umler tin Vi:rJict mtil thCEC C--Bi» are paiil. Iso'r iliore ai old saw which svst'otuelhirig nbiim devil? 'it is° proW-.tnaiicil if i]r Clark's Bpoou will hi long enough to scoop in that £100. 