THE EARL. CKSPTER I. "Wra. he come this evening, or not, I wonder ? It is dull living so much alone. Even Cissie cannot make up to me for the loss of his society. I wonder, does be really love me as be used, or is be changing ?" and Clarina Deveraux looked annouely, and with troubled eyes, out over the green lawn of the little villa garden in which she stood towards the seea. It was a fine evening in early eaum* mer. The rose.bashes covered with blossoms filled the air with perfume, and, from the tell beech-trees behind the hones, came the carol of birds. The soft breeze bore the murmuring sonds of the distant sea inland, and in the west, where the sun was fast sinking below the horizon, the crim son sky was flecked with a myriad of tiny golden clouds. Mrs. Deveresz seemed to heed the beauties of the scene before her but little; indeed, they seemed to be so greatly at variance, in the calm and quiet, with her disturbed state of mind as to jar on her. feelings. She turned almost impatiently away from the fair prospect before her, and, with a weary, troubled look on her beauti ful face, that spoke of grief and cares, deeper than fall to the lot of most young wives, walked back to the house. Mrs. Devereuz was exquisitely dressed, and all around her betokened comfort end affluence. The garden was filled with choice flowers, the drawing.room with pretty, tasteful uiok-nacks and handsome furniture; a piano stood in one corner-books and drawings lay on the tables. There were no signs of the presence of poverty in the luxurious little abode. Yet, evidently enough, grim care weighed heavily on its young mis tress's heart. A lovely child, some four years old perhaps, passed her in its nurse's arms as she neared the house, and stretched out its little bands to her with a glad cry of " Mamma, mamma I" but she passed on after bestowing one kiss on her, and began pacing up and down the shady verandah of the little hones,. "Seven o'clock and past," she muttered, drawing a little jewelled watch from her watch-pocket. "Will be never come? It's more than a month since he has been here, and three times he has written to say he would come, and he has not; will he disappoint me the fourth time P Oh I Victor, Victor, if you knew how hard it is to live without you, you would give me a little more of your society." And she sighed deeply. At last the sounds of carriage wheels fell on her ear, and a look of intense delight brightened her whole face, and made it perfectly beautiful. "It is he! It is het" she cried, rushing to the gate, at which a car. rings containing a tall, dark, hand. some stranger presently drew up. As her eyes fell on him, she paused, and an almost timid look took the place of the glow of ardent delight that a moment before had covered it. The stranger's face was stern end haughty, and no welcoming glance brightened his dark countenance as his eyes fell on Clarina Devereux's fair face. "Victor," she said, "Victor darling, so you have come at last; " and she threw her arms round his nooeck and kissed him as he alighted. "At last, do you say, Clarion ?" he replied, returning her kiss almost carelessly. " If you know the trouble I have had to get away; and the journey down hero is so detestably long too. Arn't you tired of this out. landish place, Line ?" And he looked around with a discontented contemp. tuous air. "It is dull enough when you are not here, Victor," she replied; " but when you are with me I find it de. lightful." He shrugged his shoulders, and walked abruptly towards the house. "Any dinner ready ? " ho said in a cold tone, pulling his long, black moustache. "I suppose by this time Annette has learnt to turn out some. thing fit for a follow to eat?" "Yes, yea I I have beeoon expecting you; dinner will be ready in a few minutes," replied Clarioa, her heart sinking within her at her huesband's cold tone. "Arn't you glad to see me, Victor ?" she continued, timidly. " Say you are, dear," and she laid a trembling band on his arm. " Glad, of course, I am glad," he replied. "I'll say anything to please you, Olarinn." "Anything to ploese me I" shoe an sworod, in a pained tone, drawing back; "then are you not glad I" "Yes, yea, haven't I said so P-but I'm worried-tired ; get dinoer ready for me quick, and thenr-then, I've something to tell yoe, and to talk over with you, Olarina." And he dropped his voiss almost to a whioper, whilst his whole faeo darkened. " What is it ?" she whiopered, trembling. "Is anything wrong, Victor ?" "Yos, in a way, everything is wrong, Clarina; but I won't talk of it yet; let me have my dinner in peace, and then--" He turned away without saying more, and with a white seared face Mrs. Davereux sank into a chair, trembling all over. "What is it P" she thought. "Why is he so cold to me ?-so unlike his old self. Oh I he does not love me ns he once did; what can he have to toll me P I feel that something terrible is about to happun." Her husband's voile calling to the servant aroused her, and els set about arranging the flowers on the slinner-table with nervous haste and trembling hands. Dinner lansed almost in silenoe, end when it was over Mr. Devreoux lighted a cigar, andsauntered moodily out into the verandah, Clarine follow. ing him. For some moments they oat in eilene, till 01arion, unable to endure suepeneso any longer, spoke. "AAnd what have you to tell me, Vistor 2" shr said. "If you are in trouble confide in me, let me share it with you." " Trouble, yes, I'm in trouble, Ciarina; but when I tell you all, you will hate me, I suppose," he an swered, flinging away bi cigar with a reckless gesture. "Hate you !n No, never, Victor whatever may have happened, that can never be," abe replied, warmly. "No I So much the worse for you, perhaps, Clarina. You must try to hate me," he answered, moodily. "Try to hate you, Victor? What do you mean ?" she answered in be. wilderment. "Could I ever bate you \--my husband ?" He nodded. "You remember," he began after a pause in low, bard tones, "when you left Moneksworth with me six years ago, Clarina ? We went to the village of Glensathie and were there married -accordiog to the Scotch form 2" She bowed her head, trembling in every limb. "Well," he continued slowly, as if half.ashamed, balf-releuctant to tell his tale, "I have since learnt that this village was-was on the English side of the border. We-we were not really married, Clarina." She started up with a bitter cry. "Then Cecilia-our child- is Oh I Victor, what can be done ?" and the popr woman looked at him im ploringly. "Haushl bush " he cried. "Sit still, sit down. It was for the best perhaps that this was so. Listen to what more I have to tell you, Olarina;" and be seated her again on the sofa from which in her anguish she had risen. "I am a ruined man," he went on slowly and bitterly, "utterly ruined. This cottage and all that is in it, every acre of land, everything I poe sees, must be sold unless-" "My poor Victor I Ruined are you, but how? Nay, don't mind telling me that now, but tell me how we may beet repair the wrong we have un consciously done our child." He waved his haud and continued, not heeding her question. "I said I was a ruined man, Clarina, unless-unless I take a cer tain step, by which I shall be rescued from my present position, and set on my feet again," and he paused and hesitated; villain as ha was he dreaded to speak the cruel words he had in his mind. She saw there was worse news in store for her by his face. " Go on, go on," she cried wildly; " tell me all." "You are not my wife you see. Clarina," he continued at length; "and there is but one thing I can do to retrieve my fortune-to keep myself out of jail, in fact-for it has come to that, and that is-to marry." "To marry I" shabe whispered in horror- stricken tones, " to marry you I and what is to become of our child, and-and- me, Victor? Victor, what can you mean; have you no heart, no mercy ?" "And have you none, Olarina ?" he answered almost fiercely. " Would you wish to see me in jail ? What would become of the child, or you. then ? I nay I must make a rich marriage, and then-then all will be well, you can remain hero with the child, and I can come and see you." A stern, proud, contemptuous ex pression took possession of Clarina's face, and completely transformed it. "I thank you for the honorable position you offer me, and I decline it," she replied. Ho looked at her angrily, and then drew back ; then breaking down sud denly, she threw herself at his feet. "Victor, Victor I " she cried, " you cannot do this thing, you cannot leave me; in this my reward for all the love I have given you ? Do you forget how I gave up home and friends, and fled with you? Do you forget all our happy days together? Have you no love left for me, or your child ? " " I have, I have, Clarina I " he cried impatiently. "Don't you see that it is as much for your sake and hers as for mine that I propose this thing ? If I don't do it we are all ruined; but if I marry Lady Lucy Manners-" "Ah I " she cried, setarting back with a low cry; "the lady is found thnou, and I am put aside for another: this is no news you have told me to day; you know it well long ago, Victor Doveroux." " Curs it," he muttered," I should not have lot that out. It is a now thing, Clarina," he continued aloud; " but he a sensible girl, for heaven's sake, and try to look at the thing as I do; I don't love this Lady Lucy, I would fifty times rather have you for my wife; but I must marry her or go to jail, an I have told you, don't you see," and he tried to take her hand and draw her towards him. She shuddered and drew back, and the ghlastly drawn face ebe turned on him touched even his cold, selfish heart with remorse. "You eau remain here, Olarina, and I shall always be you friend. When Cinsio grows up--" "When is your marriage to take place ?" she asked abruptly, in a voice so unlike her own that he started, and involuntarily blurted out the truth. "On the tenth," he said. " On the tenth," she repeated. "I shall find out by then if what you have told me about our marriage be truth or not. If it be not----" "If it be not I pshaw l don't you think I have taken good ears to find out that," ha replied scornfully, stung by her menacing tone. "Don't d. soive yourself, Clarina, there is no doubt of that." "Deceive myself-no--I have been deceived enough by you. God help me-God help me I I do not know yet if you be not deceiving me now," and ?ho poor creature roobed herself to and fro with a despairing moan, Victor Doveroux rose and paced the verandah moodily, his cold, handsome feoo growing oruallor and more gloomy each moment, "Come, Clarina, be a brave girl," he naid at last. "I tell you I will look after yoe ; you shall never want, nor the child either; you shall live hers with her, and I will soo you ofbtn ;" and he seated himself again beside her. She shrank from him with a look of horror. "Are you Viotor-really Viotor my husband whom I loved, idolised, traetei" she E.id in strarge, dull tones ; " cr are you ? evil spirit in his form? Away! do not touch me I you cannot really be my Victor who loved me." Victor Devereur turned away, half angry, halef-remoreeful. " I never thought she would take it like this," he muttered; " but the most sensible women are unreasonable at times; and she did love me, I believe, poor girl. Clarina," he continued, ap proaching her again. But with a cry she staggered back and fell fall length upon the floor at his feet insensible. Victor Deverena laid her on the sofa, and summoned her maid, then, taking his hat and coat, left the house. "Better leave her now," he said to himself, "it's no use prolonging this sort of thing. Mills will be here to morrow; he'll arrange it all, and I can write to her from town." And without bestowing anotherlook on the woman who, for five years had believed her3elf his wife, Devereuxn left the cottage, and was soon on his way back to London. The unhappy Clarina awoke from her long swoon hours after he had departed, and when she was able to rouse herself from the death-like tor por that followed it, she could scarcely realise that what had passed between herself and Victor Devereox was not indeed a fearfal dream but a terrible reality. It seemed impossible that Victor her Victor-her husband, as she had always believed him to be, was a vil lain and nothing to her-that she was not, and never had been, his wife that he had deceived her from the first (for the story of his having but lately discovered that their marriage was illegal found no credence even with her). No, it was hard, terribly hard to realise. She raised her head and looked around the room. All was still. The house was perfectly quiet and silent. She raug the boll, and for some minutes no one answered the sum mons, then the door opened, hesita. tingly, and a girl, who had been em ployed temporarily as kitchen-maid, appeared. " Where is Annette, my maid 2" inquired Clarina, in weary tones. " Gone, ma'am. Left this morning early," replied the girl. " Gone-why 2" asked Olarine, in astonishment. "Where is Mr. Devereux, your master ?" " Gone, too, last night, ma'am, \--they arc all gone. I put Miss Cecihlia to bed, please, ma'am, and she's awake now, and crying for you ; and I must go, too, now, ma'am; and Mr. Mills, he be in the drawing room." " Mr. Mills," the name smote on her ear. He was Victor Devereux's lawyer, and a man she detested and distrusted. Pale and trembling Clarina arose. " I will see him Bessie ; I will bhe down in a quarter of a hour, tell him," she said, and with shaking fingers she arranged her golden hair and dis ordered attire, and then with faltering steps she descended to the drawing room. Half-an-hour afterwards, with a face so bloodless and desperate that the stony-hearted lawyer was uneasy at it, she emerged from the room, the conference between herself and him being over, and silently as a ghost she went upstairs to her child, and looked herself in the nursery. ",Viotor Devoreux is a greater black. guard than ever I took him for," said the lawyer to himself as he watched her retreating form. "I wash my hands of this affair from to-day; the mau's too great a brute even for me; there's death or madness in that woman's face, or I'm ai Dutchman," and gathering up his hat and gloves Mr. Mills, too, left the cottage. When Beasie returned, three hours later, to say good-bye to little Cecilia before leaving for her native place she found the house empty. Mother and daugher had disappeared. " Gone away along of hr. Mills, I make no doubt," she said to herself; " but what's wrong with master, I wonder? Cook did say as how she boheard him tolling misus she was not his wife, and so cook said the house was not fit for a respectable woman to stop in, and she went ; but I don't believe that tale." So saying Bessie Gay fastened the garden-gate behind her, and set out on her homeward way. CHAPTER II. The sun was einking beneath a bank of dark, atormy eloudo, its rays just tinting their edge with an angry crim. con light, and the wind blow in fitful gusots across the broad moorland, when Silas Stone drew up his barge against the high,sheltering bankof the Bridge. well Canal, that stretched itself out for many a mile, like a silver thread across tb?eo bare, bleak common and moor lands of H---shiro. He made his clumsy vessel fasot to the bank, and thou, lighting a fire in the forepart, sat himself down to pro. pare his evening meal. "We shall have a wet night again, I fear," ho muttered, no ho listened to the wind, and cast a glance at the mass of dark clouds to the west. He looked keenly around, for his sharp ear had caught the sound of a cry-was it a human voice that had reachoed him, or was it but the cry of a curlew, or the harsh call of some stork or bittern, hidden in the long rushes that clothed the water's bank ? Ho fancied it was the formor, and listened anxiously. Nor was he mistaken. Some two hundred yards off he presently per. ceived a figure advancing swiftly across the plain towards the canal, and from this figure had proceedod the cry he had heard. As it drew nearer he perceived that it was a women who was approaching, and a woman of a far different stamp to any he would have expected to moot in this wild region. She was young, well dressed, and, as far as the old rman could make out, well.looking, and an ee hnetonoed on she wrung her hands, and sobbed piteously. "Poor coal; what nile her, I wonder," said he to himself, peeping out from amongst the low bushes on the bank, which effoectually concealed him from the eighbt of the new comer. " She seemse in trouble. What can she want here ? Shall I go and Epeakl: to her? Nay, I ehould but frighten her mayhap. Ill bide quiaet a bit yet." And the old man sot silently watching the girl as she approaebed. Having reached the bank of the canal, she paused, and looked hurriedly round, and then ilr.s Stone with a muttered exclamation rose to his feet, leaped ashore, and ran to wards her, but too late. There was a splaeh and a cry - the girl had thrown herself into the dark, deep water. In a moment Silas had plunged into the canal after her, and presently panting and breathless, succeeded in bringing her senseless form to shore. Taking the insensible form of the stranger in his arms, Silas bore her as easily as he would have carried a child to his barge, and gently removing her wet garments, laid her, wrapped in his only blanket, on the rude bed in the little cabin of the barge. Vainly, for a long time; he chafed her cold hands and feet, and strove by every means in his gower to restore her to life; and a feeling of despair was fast taking possession of him, when, with a sigh, she opened her eyes, and looked wonderingly around. " Who are you? I don't know you," she said, in a harsh voice. "Who brought me here ? You have a kind face; but I don't know you, and I can't explain. leant understand what has happened. Won't you tell me ? Won't you help me ?" and her glance grew appealing, and tears dimmed her eyes. ' "Help you," replied Silas, "surely I will, in as far as I am able; but- " " Ah I you know something of all this, then," she interrupted eagerly. " You know I want help-you know "Nay but I know nothing of. ye, pretty lady," replied Silas, eyeing her keenly, and thinking that surely the poor thing was daft. " Tell me about yourself, and what I can do for you I'll do it." "You will do it-you promise ?" she replied, clutching his hand. Silas nodded. "Hide me, then," she whispered ; " don't let anybody find me, and-oh I there is something more you must do; but I can't remember it now, my head is so queer." And she passed her hand across her forehead. "Don't bother yourself about it, don't think of it now," said Silas, soothingly, alarmed at the wild, fever ish light that burnt in her eyes; "try to sleep." "Sleep I" she replied, with a shudder. " I did sleep, and it was then-then \- oh, I can't remember-I can't remember ;it is terrible. Help me," and she looked up earnestly into his face. Silas was silent, he knew not what to say to quiet her, and had now but little doubt loft that her mind was, from some cause or other, unhinged. Ho could only sit quietly beside her, saying now and thenou a word of com fort or encouragement, and at last the almost incoherent mautterings ceased, the sobs died gradually away, and she slept from sheer exhaustion. (To be continued.) 