' A 1 [?] I MTBiaHT, INIf ir i. . UFPfNCOTT COMPANY, AMP fvausHBf av srseuL AmuNQMHCNr wmi th«w. f Cimliaucd.J .iiiinliig In uter iimco the departure ot . tho regiment, bat now tlio two bat talions iiro reunited under Farqulmr's command; thoy havo got Bhakon down' into (! species of winter cantonment With n.goodly nnuborof comrade troops ;»nd' troopsrs from tho threatened de partment. Tho weather has not been toriually -Boyjcro.thhs far. Men and .horses' stood tho trip admirably, and no- Jiody growled at stiffened . fingers and rod noses arid benumbed fret iui thoy rodo Inlorig column from the'raiiway to the agency, and, how.tbnt fuel lias been lugged np in .abnndnnco and fur caps and '.'blizzard coats" nre coming and the Indians hovering aboht tho cnjnps scorn deeply impressed with the numbers and feadlness of tho white soldiers and all promises well, the letters grow longer and moro frequent. !'W0 nro:doing first .rata, Bess dear," wrote Berrien, t'and all are hopeful that with tlio surrounding of tho big band of liostilcs in. thu End River. valley (ho most uncertain feature- of tho business is. at rill end. If tlioy can lie quietly licrdied in to tlio rcsorvatiouiind induced to .givo-.upnll their nrrns and ponies, tlicvo will lib 110 furtl ' r trouble. Tho health and spirit of the rairiaient aro ex- . a '.cnt, and, wliilo I hoj -io emergency p :1 arise, I can hot tliuC 1' t! -re should bo a shindy llio Twelfth will give good account of it-iolf. Frirquhar k .ups us on iho alert tui-.l there is no rusting. Gor: Juiin lias , joined from leave, co that Erbivstbr, to his infinite - disgust I doubt not, lias had to fall back (o second place. Ilnn-ul Epifc arc ..about tboonly gloomy spirits iiiihtf cbnid'mud.imd of'Kroivzt'.r .1 nco very littler. Ever oinco tho cpitoiio gf which I told you and her most signifi cant rippeiiruncu at the depot in town ivliilo wo v.cro being switched lo (ho northbound I rack 1 liavo not felt like laving miytliiiig lo do with him. . How do you suppose alio heard' of our move, i.inee sho left the hep before any or.e knew of 11? There were a few other ladies there,- 1 admit, for they' we're still irilh r.s when "the orders came, and i tluid cleared by .tho lime we reached the depot. Shehowcrer, recmed to..Jiang on to ' liirii.und riolioilyi-glsp to tlio vcry'hist. ' I iira dislressed iit whiit von loll liio 'about \Viuifrad, iind'.lhe moral think of it tlio moro' I-.nni dispcsijil. to m'gb 'your in, stunt ncecptuueo u'F 'Miss' Guthrie's in vitation. It wi!l hp tho very best anti dote. I know 'of— a few wtoksliu St. Louis socioly— if sjbo has indeed, ns you Tear, hoeoniu 'interested in him. Go liy itil inbiins;' it will do you good— do \Yi:t- ' find li world of good (get lier coino new ' gowns, and lako in all Iho parlies nniP till Ihogaycty'ymi possibly Can), and it will -'ho u good thing for Hiss Gnthrio loo.' ' . . . ' ' "Ifqw, tills Is strictly entre hons. Holdcti " is 'worried ' about I'.er, 'imd ill courso of a long talk \vu imd last night tiu miuwLTi . mu u iciiui jiujb received froni Mrs. Holdcti. Of course slio is all upset by 'his having to take tho field, nnd wants to lenvo tho children with her mother and come np hero to him, but' r.ho couldn't bo in camp and ibcro (sn't ii room to bo had nt tlio railway station. Tlio plnco is just, crammed ivitli newspaper men nnd quartermas ter's people. Mrs. Holdcn writes, thnt pver since tlio night of that queer nd- yeutpro .of. hers nt tho fort Nita has been nnliko -horself— strange, nervous, I almost hysterical nt times. Blto will permit no allusion to it, nnd seems striving to forgot it all. Slio goes every where. morning, noon and night, but 1 ooks lmggnrd and ill. I gather from what Holdcn Enid that, ns you onco sur mised, tiioro was ! an old affair which inay liavo had somothing to do with hor persistent refusal of ovory offer; but What that could liavo bad to dowitli her fright at Pavraeo I cannot imagine, Holdcn agrees with mo, hpwoyer, that bit- would bo a capital tiling , if. yon and Winnie wonld pay lier the visit eho prges; so again, I any, go by all means. . ;fBy tlio. way, I wish yon would run pver and Beo Mrs. Thorpe ns otton ns yon can. Hor letters bavo a depressing effect on tho captain. Ho tells mo the pnly insurance ho has in all tha world is in thd-Anny mutual, hut three thousand dollars wonld hardly pay their debts r.nd take enro of them for u roar if nny- thing wero to linppen to him. ..Don't lie alarmed hy nowspnper stories of tho lighted Okies and howling ghost dancers, Indians will dance all night on any prov- ' pcation, ncdonr fires light tho skies qnito as mnch ns theirs. Sergeant Ellis, who volunteered to prish through with dispatches to Bailer's command some where . on tho othor sido of the Bad ' Lauds, got hack all right thisinomiug pncl Bays ho had hardly any difficulty in ' working n way through the hosriles. . That follow,! think, is going to make n nnmo for himself in tlibi campaign. Ho is always ready for anything that turns pp.. '.'Ihonr that Browster nndBidgowny havo had a row and do not speak. Sorno pf tho hoys know what it's all about, but won't tell mo. Do yon know? Now, pnless yon wire fo the contrary, I shall ! nddreos my next caro of Hon. Warren L. : Gnthrio, St. Louis."'. . Then Kenyon got a letter. Ho was pow. cpmmqndingoificerof'thopbsti and k .«U1IUUI)U1IUIIIII|U1III1IIUI)IUUU fas nnromlttliig In hls tnonghtRUneee |nd attention to tho bonseholds of the khMiit officeis. It was Rolfe who wrote to him, and Kenyon was well nigh at tiis wits' end in the endeavor to cemjoo- tnre what it ell meant, v . : jbYon rempmhor my saying I could .find that stolon picture if l could but have anthority to search onoroom of the post. It is my conviotion still that tho sum who goes .by the name of Ellis was the thief. Ho hod a look box at the poet- office In town; number twenty-three, iind letters have heen forwarded to him hero by the postmaster, two of whiph woro not addressed to Sergeant Ellis or . to G. B. Ellis, Twelfth cavalry, hat to Ralph Erroll, box twenfar-three. When he returpe from detached service this morning the sergeant major handed him his mail and asked him if those addi- tional letters were ms. no turned red, then pale, but said yes. Both these were from Lonlavillo, as I happen to know; both w ere addressed in tho same hand— thafr?bf an educated woman— and there is no donbt in my mind that this Ellis or Erroll has a sera w loose in his record. Brewster knows something of his past, bnt refuses to toll. It is of vital impor tance to me to find ont who and what ho is, for I believe him to have been gnilty of a crimo besido which thethoft of that picture is as nothing. "Now, I wont yon to do somothing for mo. A man will call on you within n few days, presenting a letter of intro duction from mo. He is a detectivo from Chicago, He has certain inqntries to make at the post and in town boforo going to Lonisvlllo, and it Bhonld not be known that be is a detectivo at all. Giro him every facility in your power. Intro duce liim to tho postmaster.ns a friend of mine, if you prefer it, and let him oc cupy my quarters while nt tho garrison. Ho will wont to seo tho firehotiBO and apparatus and all about Holden's quar ters.'. ifntblcon is tboro in charge, and Holdcn lias no objection, though ho' pooh pcolts tho efforts I am making to get at tlio bottom of this strange busi ness. I hope 1 am not asking' too mnch of yon. "I saw Hearn last ovoning, jnst in from a ten days' scout with Lane's Equadrou over toward thuWakpa Sliicbn.' Ho asked after yon nnd sent cordial re gards. There aro two other fellows licra who wero on their honeymoon tour wlicn their regiments word ordered lo tho field. It reconciles ono to being a bachelor almost." The ran jor put tho letter down and pondered long, perplexed and annoyed. . tic had known Roltn Imp n short time, and had learned to know liim mainly through Holdcn, Ho know him to ho resolute, positive, ovoa nggrcssivo r.t times. Ilo ndmtred his soldierly quali ties nnd respected hisability. But when finally ltd ro::o from his desk after stow ing that letter away old Kcnyon ex- . pressed himself about as follows: "That j fellow needs a wifo. Ho is too mticli nc- ' customed to having his own wny. I'll ; ltd hanged if I'll do any detectivo work for liim. or anybody else. If Iiuldon wants bis house searched, Holdon can zs'v so." Two days later the major had the Aanrnfnl plonr.uro pt escorting Mrs. nnd lliss Berrien to tho train, and us it steamed nwny eastward u man -jvlio imd stepped from tho day car as Kenyon placed bis fair charges on thoslecpor came forward and handed him a noto addressed in Rolfo's characteristic bund, i'l know who you nre," said Keityou. "You will find mo nt my offico in tlio garrison when you get tip there," And stopping into tlio waiting wagon ho bado the driver go ahead, leaving tlio detect ivo io como lip in tho post stage. That evening ho wroto n short letter to Rolfe, .nnd tho gentleman from Chi cago indited n long one— both of which worild have served to surpriso that calmly superior soldier- not n iittlo had uiuj luticiiuu iiiiii m iinc courso or luaii, which, however, tlioy did not. It was some time before lie saw them nt nil, for when thoy Wero unloaded from the inailhags at tho wintry cantonment Rolfe, with Berrien's ' battalion, was miles away. ' Getting no reply to his missiros and iittlo encouragement nt tho post, tho strange civilian suddonly departed after liiroo days' apparently aimless stay, nnd tha next heard of liim was in tho shapo of a letter from Louisville.- Could Major Kenyon proenra for him anyhow, any where, n photograph of Sergeant Ellis? No, Major Kenyon conldii't, nnd wns very short In saying so And now December . was come, and tho nil- was crisp antV kctln in tho valley of 1 ho Pa wnee, tlio sunslilno radiant and sparkling; hut far to tho north tho win try winds wero howling about tho flimsy cantonment and whirling tho , snow through every cranny nnd crack, and tho long nights on outpost and picket wcr?. fitter cold. Bnt through it nil (ho viiotis battalions of ltorso were sent scouting in turn around tho reservation, nnd moro nnd more tho yonng warriors dribbled away from Iho ngcncics and were iioxt heard of welcomed with ac clamations hy tho savage hoots in tlio fastnesses of tho Bad Lands, and overy lionv increased tho prospect olaharp lighting in the near future. But all the letters to the niixioii's Jienrts lit homo wero fall of.hopo nnd cheer, full of prophecy that everything would soon ho settled? ,Tho roucgado bauds wore all "loosicd" and being slowly liommed in. Tho Twelfth wonld cut its Christmas dinner nt Phwnco after nil, they hoped. And in St. Lonis Miss Guthrio wns ex erting herself to seo that her charming guttata wero haying tlio loveliest kind of a time. Dinners, luncheons, cards, thea ter.; and . (huicing parties followed in qnic-I: succession. Tho now gowns wero being inado ns fast ns famous modistes auiild' evolvq and construct thorn, and Winifred was rushed from one scene of jnyeiy to another. Nothing could lmvp boon moro ohann- !t;g llinii our welcome," wrotu Mrs. Ber rien' to her beloved Dick, "nothing moro delightful flinn tlio ronnd.of entertain ments to which w-a aro hidden. Ona has hardly .tiino to think. As for writing, this is -tho first opportunity I bavef en joyed. in tbrco- duys, mid wo am huih3 I, from "tho theator bnt half onhonn MSI exchange such nowa oa wo hava of toe dear old Tcglmcnt and tlio dearer ones who are our especial property., Blio is what I call a gonnlno woman, and I like borynore and more. 1 must toll ynu Eoriihtliing I learned through her. Tho day nf tor our. an-ival wo svero in tho library, nnd my attention was attracted by a large portrait, apparently a crayon copy of a photograph, that hung over tho hinntel. It was of n singularly handsome yonng man, and I knew r.t once ho must .bo a Guthrie. 'It is my brother,' said Nlta, iu such n ead, con strained tone, 'taken jnst h few weeks beforo bis death six years ago.' Of conrso I could ask no .more, hnt Wini fred and I both noted how utterly hrf faco changed, how , unspeakably dis tressed a look como into her cyci. Wo could boo tlion why Mrs. Holdon should havo said sho was linggard and ill, nnd yesterday Mrs, Holden told mo somo thing of his story. Ho was barely twen ty- two, the idol of tho family and im mensely popular in society. Ho was as sistant cashier in ono of tlio big banks hero, and ono day tbo sudden discovery whb inado that in some mysterious way quite a largo cum wns missing, monay for which ho was responsible, but lio could not account for it; neither could anybody clso. Tho matter was investi gated thoroughly. ','They had dotectives ovcrywhrrc, nnd ahsolutcly nothing eotild to brought up against young Gnthrio. lio never gam bled, never dissipated in any v.-ity, was a model son and brother. Nita was wild with indignation nt his having boon even suspected. Mr. Gnthrio offered lo lunko good tho sum twico ever if need bo, nnd to bind himself for all lili wealth to establish his hoy's honor, mid for thrco or four (lays nil was excite ment, and then, in tho midst of it, poor Jack was found dead in his room, a lmlf empty boitlo cf chloral hy his bed side. Tho worldhnid suicide, guilty con science, clccteru, hut Nita r.nd others knew that lie Imd not slept a wink sinco the discovery of the Icai and was craned with misery. They havo always main tained it was an accidental overdose. But it nearly liroko Mr. Guthrie's heart, and it was three years before Nita would go into society In St. Louis again. They went to Europe and staid there ever .so lor.g. "What make3 it seem probablo tlmt ho was nnjnntly suspected wns that tha bank dismissed its cashier. Jack's most iiiliinato friend, n man two or Ikrce year.; older than himsnlf, imd n devoted admirer of Nitn's. It was even sup posed Hint slio wao engaged to'.diini. Eo had no wealthy friends to atntul up . tor him, nnd .Tack's death mado it ap pear ns though tiioro Imd been gnilt; and yet sncli n sum conhl not well lmra been mado away witli except hy tho knowledge or collusion of Iho cashier himself, and though proofs wero lack ing, he was discharged tho very day poor .lack was lmried. No ono knows whatever becumo of him afterward, and people settled down into tho belief tout this Mr Wordon was Iho real thief. But now. jCOines the strangest part cf it all. Tho president of the hank was a widow er who, for two years, iind been a suitor of Nita's, a persistent suitor, dc.pito her marked coldness and aversion," Four months ago rumors began to flout' ns to tlio stability of tho hank; then came a run, n panic: tlio hank had to close its doors; immediate investigation into its affairs was made, nnd then enmo tlio discovery that tlio president had heen a heavy speculator nnd liud unquestion ably used tho funds of tho hank to cover his Josses. Thoy found his body in the river four days nftcrwnid, 'floating down by tlio old barracks, whoro jon and 1 imd such a happy winter twenty years ago. Peoplo say now thnt it was President Pcrcivnl himself all tlio time, and that ho throw suspicion on young Guthrio hccanso lio know tho father would eagerly pay any sum to cover llic loss and hide the shame; hut . Jack's death hulked tho schema. "Do yon wonder now that Nita is Fiimotimcs overwrought mid nervous? Poor girl! who knows what bIio has suf fered? Who, to seo her in society, would dream tlmt sho had ever suffered at all? Do yon snpposo Captain Rolfe did not hear nil about this when he was hero an recruiting service? ,'VNow yott ask me to tell yon every thing about Winifred. Is she happy? Is slio getting over her disappointment? I do not know just what to sny. Sho is always bright and apparently joyons in society; always grateful for every kind ness nnd attention shown hor; hat Bhe is rarely alone one minnta from morning nntil into at night, and I cannot bo snre. Sho novor speaks of him; and in all the whirl of social goyety here, and tho at tention she rccoivos on., overy side, I think, I liopo, ebe may forget hor girl ish sentiment. Time will show." Timo might hnve shown, bnt time was not accorded. Coming homo lata one night from a delightful dnnco their car riage stopped ontside tlio mossivo porte- coclicro of the Gnthrio homestead in stead of driving right in. "'What is it, James?" asked Miss Gnth rio. "Another carriogohcre, miss. . Ithink it's Mrs. Holdon jnst getting ont." 'Jonuio here! Why, how odd! She went homo half an honr before we Btarted." It wns Jcnnio, with a grave,' anxious faco, at sight of which Mrs. Berrien fairly sprang from iha carriage.' '. . "Yon havo ill nows, Mrs. Holdcn. Wliut is it? Tell me at onco.", "Tills lias jnst como froin ray hus band," was tlio trembling' answer as sho held forth a telegram: "Major Berrion's Tronhd serious, but not fatal.' Mm. Ber rien must not bo ninrmcd. Do not be- liovo sensational .nowspaper.'repiorid of disaster. Wonndcd doing well." CHAPTEr, IX.'- " Phrsunut to liis orders, Major Berrien, with, his battalion of tho Twelfth, had hopn scanting tbo.open country that lay to' the northeastward of tha cantonment. So. affirming had tho situation become, so "significant if not .actually, defiant whs 'the manner of tbo Indians whose lodges wore pitcliod ali pver the prairio "It U niy brother." 