I ' THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. felt THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12. -*> The sittings of the second session of the South Synod of the Diocese of Perth, were T continued in St George's Hall yesterday The President (Bishop Riley took the r chair at 4 o'clock V NOTICE or MOTION , The Rev J ELLIS moved on notice That 44 in the opinion of this Synod it is desirable '''r that the Diocesan Board of Education I. should be asked to issue a manual for roll ?. gious instruction to be used in day My schools " Agreed to CONFIRMATION OF BISHOPS or The DIOCESAN SECRETARY (Rev D J "S Garland) moved the second reading of the 'a bill enacting the determination of the Î" General Synod respecting the confirmation of of Bishops In doing so, however, he hoped is that the Synod would reject the determine a nation on the ground that too much power r was left in the hands of the Primate He be trusted that the President would be enabled is to transmit to the General Synod the deci r- comes this Synod that the objection was made to the power of absolute veto of appointment of Bishops proposed to be given to of? the Primate. of Mr LBIBOY said the Synod should not a treat the determination with discourtesy, in" oaths Bishops assembled in General S vnod it, had approved of it. There must be some % thing in it, and it required careful con- L, federation, He moved an amendment to by the effect that the consideration of the de As termination should be postponed till the £t next session. As a layman he could not £ grasp the matter all at once '>? < Archdeacon WATKINS seconded the ^ amendment. ^ Sir JAMES LEE-STEERE favoured the Fearing proposed. The amendment was carried. % BISHOP'S COADJUTOR "9 The Rev. D. GARLAND moved the second a reading of the Bill adopting the determina- tion of the General Synod respecting the li appointment of bishop's coadjutor t,- Sir JAMES LEE-STEERE seconded \-- * The consideration of the determination to T'was, however, adjourned till next session a ".- TITLE OF ARCHBISHOP A.,. I. F The Rev D J GARLAND desired to know Q state opinion of the Synod with regard to ft una determination to confer the title of % archbishop upon the Metropolitan ecclesiastic moa! provinces in Australia and Tasmania 3? The PRESIDENT said that the matter &'.,, would be acted upon at the next general |t, session, and the Synod had better decide g of one way or the other Li 4 The Rev. D. J GARLAND then finally % T .¡Äoved fine adaption of the determination verifies object, he said, was very much wider, For land involved a very much deeper principle ; (than merely giving a man a courtesy title It seriously affected the undercurrent of the life of the church in Australia. He could we" not see why the heads of the Established i- [Church of England, who were located as elsewhere the Government was located and we ,' where the representative of Her Majesty S-' tended, should not have the right to j n Paruna a title which another Church was LL Careful to adopt and thereby claim pre f evidence He saw no objection to each pro '5? "tans having its archbishop ||, Archdeacon WATKINS supported the de Wc- termination. at 2 The Dean of PERTH contended that the grim determination to confer the title of arch gifts 3 r bishop upon the Metropolitans would rather says tend to cut up the church in Australia thin as a 'bind it together fe, f" The PRESIDENT said that the General has Synod had passed the determination, and % no doubt it would be given effect to >¿,\ whether the local Synod adopted it or not edy The area of Australia was about seven j¿|¿\ times that of Great Britain, and its popula- ASKS ties must continue to grow, and their ss Charon was bound to increase unimportance g2, with the colonies He could see no object 6 -x onto the Metropolitans of provinces being J/L created archbishops He desired the Synod is to settle the matter at once and not post gt pope it givens division the second reading of the 3 5s determination was agreed to by 19 votes to nil The determination was considered in a committee, and on being reported without JPs A amendment the report was adopted it The bill was read a third tame and h g>^,4 v SPECIAL COLLECTIONS STATUTE 4-36 On the motion of the Dean op PERTH, p ?" seconded by Sir JAMES LEE-STEERE, the 2 third reading of the Special Collections & (Statute was read a third time in. BISHOPS ENTRY TO CHURCHES 9 The statute conferring the right upon (as e, Bishops to enter churches was read a third The, time on the motion of the Dean OF PERTH ss INVESTIGATION OF BIBHOPBIO <t|Y ENDOWMENTS £7" The Rev D J GARLAND moved the third pay! reading of the investigation and valuation by at bishopric endowments determination, "ss' which provided that when a bishopric PV became vacant it should be the duty of the JA- administrator of such diocese within one VI - month to cause a complete investigation to be made of the funds, securities and properties which represented the endow- as ss meet of the bishopric of the diocese R-Kj_^ - The Dean OF PERTH moved an amend- state ment in favour of the postponement of the ke 8pa,tu.tetlH next year Some of the pro west perty of the diocese was situated in South S, V Jingtraua, and it would be difficult to value qd it within a month in case of the bishopric eggs becoming Vacant sV 4 The Rev D J GARLAND earnestly hoped 55 that the determination would not be past 3? * 'opened, but carried this year There was no Jr is force in the argument of the Dean, as it I'';- Feild be a were matter of business to pi make a valuation of any South Australian reÎ >p#daarty if the occasion arose of The amendment was lost and the third -» 1 reading carried it is LOCAL ENDOWMENT STATUTE A: The statute was recommitted on the war motion of Sir JAMES LEE-STEERE for the WA '- purpose of making amendments in the % statute After discussion and the mark at- 5 ins of various Amendments the bill is 4" was passed so as to read that p}* "Whereas it is expedient to make M provision for the manner in which the % " i interest accruing on the Local! Endowment is Fund should be allocated In the case of of the absence on leave of the rector of a Wyn Trials, or during the vacancy of a cure, just k bit it therefore resolved by the bishop, 12 edgy and laity of the diocese of Perth in Ipa <? Hfnvl assembled (1) That whenever the '0 vi'eS,tbt is absent from his parish in the & consent in writing of the bishop, and has Sfe? j waft satisfactory arrangements with him to the care of his parish during such a ence, then and in every such case, the \- interest of the Local Endowment Fund ||P snail Jio paid to sWr rector, or to any Ji5 person appointed by him to receive the pay back (2) During the absence on leave of Hall the rector of a parish without having come H plifid with the conditions as aforesaid, or pc during the vacancy of a cure, the interest, in, for a ly portion thereof, of the Local En fit no intent 1 and may, if deemed necessary ^ by the Bishop in-Council, be applied JJ" towards the payment of any temporary stir- in vices performed during such absence or the Vacancy, and after making such payments as aforesaid the residue of such interest, and if any, shall be paid towards the augmen r tation of the capital account of such fund " The second reading was carried on The standing orders were suspended in a order to permit of the bill being read a Jt third time, which was done -*" CONSTITUTION ACT AMENDMENT. ,., Sir JAMES LEE STEERE moved the -j. second learn? of the bill which sought to a? i amend the Constitution Act, so as to repeal |< section 4 of the Act It also gave the Synod A power to make regulations, statutes, and g. resolutions in (1) the ordering of the PP ' affairs of the church, ( 2) the management T of the property of the church, (3) the pro p. N motion of the discipline of the members of SS the church, and for the inculcation and g- maintenance of sound doctrines and true religion throughout the church in Western Australia, and (4) the Synod shall from time to time adopt standing rules and orders for the regulation and orderly s""" s, conduct of its proceedings and the 44 despatch of boys as s and such stand as pig orders shall continue in force S fired altered, amended «ivirepfcaled.; ? ~foyo]"g"Wl..Act, ba OQn(¡en¿ed^co¿feTrodi et no powers on the Synod, and should not have been drafted by anyone acquainted wVh Parliamentary practice. The pre- amble said that something should be done, but the preamble was not an enactment. His bill was, therefore, necessary to give powers to the Synod to enact legislation and conduct the business of the diocese. The Synods in all the other colonies had clauses empowering them to make regulations, statutes and so on, and if that was so he would ask whether they were wrong and the Perth Synod was right in emitting from their constitution the giving of power to carry on the business of the diocese, He felt sure that the clauses which should have given power had been omitted from the constitution Toy mistake. He had obtained opinion from Mr S. Burt, the Attorney-General, that the measure he proposed was an expedient rose, and would not invalidate the past acts of the Synod. If the bill was not passed he was afraid that the Church would be hardly dealt than any law suits that might be brought against it, as no law court would accept the present constitution as worthy the name. Mr. J. W. HACKETT said the thanks of the Synod were due to Sir James Lee Steere in bringing the matter forward. If it was really a fact that the past acts of Synod had been to some extent invalid, and if serious consequences threatened in the future if the enactment proposed was not passed, the matter requires very careful consideration. He had not thought it necessary that the amendment should be made, and the opinion of the Attorney-General had not removed is doubts upon the point. The Church depended upon a voluntary compact. Those who agreed to come into the Church were bound by its rules, and those who did not come in were not affected by any synodical rules or legislation. Those who came in bound themselves to loyally follow any rules and legislation of Synod, and the Church needed no parliamentary legislation to make the laws binding. If their adherents did not wish to follow those laws they could leave the Church. If the Synod had the right to state that it had the power to make laws, it had the power to make those laws, he contended. For 23 years Synod had carried out certain duties and powers and had 'laid down laws, and he felt that that prescription of so long a standing was a vague" one which any court of law would seriously consider before it set it aside. During those 23 years more than one Act? of Parliament had recognised that the resolutions and enactments of Synod were binding upon the adherents of the Church in Western Australia. He agreed that the preamble of the constitution was no good without an enactment, but at a later meeting of the first Synod which had drawn up the constitution, the preamble had been adopted and so made an essential part of the enactment. If amendment was' necessary they must be careful how they made it. It would be dangerous to proclaim to the world that for so long a time the resolutions and enactments of the Synod had been invalid, as it would be an inviting offer to those who were contentions to come forward and involve the Church in costly lawsuits. He moved an amendment in the direction of referring the question raised to the Bishop in-Council, legal opinion to be obtained, and the Bishop to report to the next Synod. Mr. Justice STONE seconded the are and ment. After much discussion the amendment was carried by 23 votes to 7. ASSENT TO STATUTES. The PRESIDENT formally assented to the statutes which had been passed. He congratulated the Synod on having had so many laymen taking part in the meetings. He hoped that attention would be paid to the affairs of the Church during the coming year, and that at the next meeting laymen would be found willing to come forward as readily as they had done this time. The Synod was indebted to the many business men who had been able to give so much of of their time to the Synod. He thanked them for their attention to the business, and dismissed them with his blessing. THANKS. The Dean of PERTH moved that the thanks of the Synod be given to Mr. Lefroy, the chairman of committees. Carried. Mr. Lefroy returned thanks. The Synod secretaries were also thanked, as were the diocesan honorary treasurer and auditors. ' PUBLICATION OF STATUTES. On the motion of Mr. HACKETT, it was decided that the legislation of the present session should be included in the new statute book which was about to be issued. CONCLUSION. a At 7 o'clock the Synod concluded its sittings. THE EVENING PROCEEDINGS. The business of the Anglican Synod was brought to a close with a diocesan conference, which was held in St. George's Hall last evening. The Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Riley) presided, and, although the evening was unpleasantly sultry, there was a fair attendance. The BISHOP said they were met there that evening for a conference on the subject of Sunday observance. It was a subject which could not very well be discussed in the Synod, and he thought that it would be a suitable thing to have a debate upon it at the conclusion of the synodical sitting for the purpose of getting some expressions of opinion upon it. He was - afraid that from the way the people gathered there that evening that a great many did not care much about the observances of Sunday. It was one of the most difficult questions which they had to face, not especially in Australia, but in all parts of the world. It was quite right that they should give most careful attention to this fact, and try to see whether there was not some remedy for the non-observance of Sunday. It might be that the method of observing Sunday at the present was not all that it might be, but whatever it was there could be no doubt that Sunday was not observed as it should be. Therefore he was anxious to have the varied experiences of those gentlemen who had promised to speak. There were some people, of course, who thought it was wrong to smile upon the Sunday, and there were others who thought it was only waste of time to go to public worship. What was wanted was an intelligent appreciation of the best gift which had been given to mankind, ' Sunday, the day of rest. If they could show to every man that the day of rest was the best gift which had been given to man, then they might obtain a more intelligent observance of the day. There was only one thing they should always remember the Sabbath was made for mankind. There was but one way of spending the Sunday-it should be a day of rest for man's body, soul and mind. Man having a three-fold nature he was not spending the Sunday aright unless he remembered that these three parts required rest and recreation. Some people thought only of the soul and some only of the body, and there were but a few who only thought of the mind. A proper and intelligent observance of the Sunday included all three. If a man was convinced of the existence of a Supreme Being no doubt he would devote some of his time to the worship of that Supreme Being. What they wanted was to convince men of this fact. He called upon Mr. Throssell to open the debate. Mr. GEORGE THROSSELL said that he was afraid the laymen were too prone to follow the lead of the clergy in this matter, and they were not too ready to deal with it. Looking back upon the feeling he had about the Sunday in the days of his youth, he must say that he thought the method of keeping Sunday required some alteration, some relaxation. There was no pleasure in the observance of the Sunday as it was cur- ried out in his youth. The only feeling he, had now about it in looking back was OBE of sorrow. It appeared to him that the question of Sunday observance was one which so nearly concerned the welfare of their Church that it was time they had a some prottonncement'upoui.it. There could be no doubt that there wasv'angreatfalling1 off in. the observance of the>Sunday, and, from whatever cause arising, it was a question that would have to be faced sooner or I later. Sunday was rapidly becoming to be observed by some portions of the com musty as 8-day of^ïtoasnM w^ijjh&l;ï*: dsL? al sacred rest. He considered that one of the leading causes of the relaxation in the observance of the Sabbath rule was the absence of systematic education of the young people. There were young people coming here who came from places where religious teaching had been erased from their education system. He personally favoured the old quiet Sunday. Referring to the necessity of relaxing the Sunday observances for the labouring classes, he said he did not think that there was now such a necessity, as the labouring classes now had their eight hours, and a half holiday in which to get all the recreation they required. This was not the case in the past, and then their sympathies were rightly on the side of the workers. Some of them now were only too ready to denounce the Sunday excursion trains and the little trips on their beautiful river, but these people were generally able to go out in their.?-" - con- veyances and enjoy what they were ready to deny to others. The more they considered this question the more difficult appeared to be the solution. It seemed almost impossible to make hard and fast rules on the subject. His own experience was that young men would respect the church "The that would give some definite pronoun "prudent on the points at issue, and set forth a fair and reasonable observance of the Sabbath. The question which presented itself to his mind was, Were the people to follow the Church, or was the Church to follow the people? It was time, he thought, that they had some indication of the attitude of the Church on the matter. As laymen they were puzzled very much to know what was considered right or wrong by the Church. In some parishes they went into they found that the clergy upheld the strict observance of the Sabbath in the old fashion, and in others all sorts of relaxa- tions were advocated. Personally, he was no advocate of the Puritan Sabbath, which held that a man was wrong in kissing his wife on the Sunday. (Laughter.) He was in favour of making the Sunday bright and beautiful to the family of the people. He favoured anything that would tend to draw the family together He favoured throwing open the public parks, gardens, museums, art galleries, and anything that in any way administered to the education of the people. At the playing of cricket and football on the Sunday, however, he drew the line. If they conceded to cricket and football on the Sunday, as it had been concede 1 in some parts of the colony, where they were they to draw the line ? Why not go further, and take up horseracing and re- gates on the river ? Why should not the labourer say, I do not want this sport on the Sunday ; I want to earn my wage for that day, and why should not the contractor say I do not want the sport, but I want my men to work on this day of the week ? He wished to know from the clergy whether they were to be guided in this matter by the words of the old Book, the Book they all revered. Throughout the country districts they read the old Book to their boys and girls, and told them that the promise contained in it for those who kept the day holy still held good. Was that so in the eyes of the clergy ? He could honestly say that since he had had a business he had never entered his office- to do work of any kind on the Day of Rest. He held that from no other reason that the brain, if rested on the Sunday, was better and keener for business during the following week. CANON GROSSE said he believed that the word of God spoke out plainly on this question. God gave them the commandment "Remember to keep holy the Sabbath." If they said that this was in the Old Testa- ment and that they had had nothing to do with it, he did not agree with them at all. The Lord himself said that he did not come to destroy the law, but to fulfill it. This, to him meant that he came to make the law grander and better, not in any way to do away with it. The Lord had also said that the Sabbath, was made for man, not man for the Sabbath ; but the Sabbath was not made for man that he should desecrate it. They were commanded to keep the day holy and it was the duty of every Christian to set himself to work to keep the day holy. This was not to be done by taking the advice of some clergy, and simply go to church on Sunday at nine o'clock and partake of Holy Communion, and afterwards do just what they liked. It was using mischievous words to say that such was keeping holy the Lord's Day. It was a travesty on the the words of Our Lord Himself. He believed all things were lawful, but at the same time he did not think all things were expedient. Whilst it was not ungodly to play cricket or tennis on Sunday, he thought it was distinctly inexpedient. If the people were taught that they need only observe certain ceremonies, it was reducing religion to nothing more nor less than a formality. Christ himself had given them some very beautiful examples of things that might be done upon the Sunday in his hearing of the woman on the Sabbath, and the man suffering with dropsy. He did not claim by any manner of means that the Sabbath was a legal observance. They were not now under the law. They were now under the rule of grace, which was a reason why they should more devotedly and earnestly desire to keep the Sabbath holy. He contended that the old Jewish law was the schoolmaster to bring the people to Christ. Christ was the rest of the Christian people. The world at the present time was throbbing with unrest, and they should take their rest in Christ, more especially on the Sabbath, and not in the pleasures of the world. He assured them that compared with the numbers who went pleasure seeking on the Sabbath in the country the number who went to church were few indeed. The whole trend of the world at the present day was towards religion. Were those who played cricket keeping holy the Sabbath day or not; Surely not. Why should they not take up a stand as Christian people, and say that they must consecrate the Sabbath Day and keep it holy? He would ask whether the true believer would relinquish the sweet services of Christ to follow the pleasures of the world. He thought not himself. He believed that on the contrary the true believer among the laymen and women of the Church would spend the Lord's Bay in peace and quietness, and endeavour to make it a day full of joyfulness, brightness, happiness and holiness. It was very nice to be regarded as a broad Christian-one who took a wide view of this matter of Sunday observance ; but personally he did not wish to be any wider than his Master. He asked them to remember the tread of the present day on the question of Sunday observance. Where was it trending and where was it going to end? He thought, with Mr. Throssel], that it was the duty of the Church to make some pro- nouncement upon it. He adjured them to be jealous of the sanctity of the Sabbath, and to deliberately set themselves to keep it holy In conclusion, the rev. speaker referred to a controversy which he carried on in the press some years ago in connection with running ballast trains into Beverley on Sunday, to show the attitude taken up by the press sometimes on this question. After he had written four letters to the daily press and attained his object by having the trains stopped, a scrubby little sheet, published either in Fremantle or Perth, published a cartoon of himself, with his four letters reproduced underneath. The picture represented a parson with tall hat and umbrella, standing on the middle of a railway line, with outstretched arms, facing a train coming at express speed down the line. A second picture pour trayed the unhappy person scattered all over the place in small pieces, and the train going calmly on its way. (Loud laughter.) Mr. JAMES said that had he known that the debate was going to be such a formal one, he thought he would have been rude enough to have even refused the Bishop, when he asked him to take part. He did not think it was possible to discuss this question with due regard for the feelings I of others. Some people looked upon the observance of Sunday as an article of faith, [.The-question of observing the Sabbath was in his opinion, very much a matter of predisposition, People were born, or Bseemeoto*e*oay,withtideas of theron, > »and-'LconId«.givewno-'.reasons for them. In' Western Australia, as far as it was possible to judge, they had a people growing rapidly to the idea of the Continental Sunday. They found some clergy doing what they ^tíd/lK>^h.cck,thisiUadespy,>ndethfr8: again who were inclined to look upon it with a certain amount of favour. It was, therefore, hard, as Mr. Throssell had said, to draw a hard and fast line. It was not so hard to recognise the principle itself, but it was hard indeed to say how far the principle should be carried out. Mr. Throssell, for instance, drew the line at physical sports. Now he (Mr. James) did not see the force of this argument. Why open their museums and art galleries for those who enjoyed that class of thing and prevent those who enjoyed physical exercise enjoying it. His one chief thought about the matter was that however much they talked about Sunday observance and non-Sunday observance, unless they removed that which caused the wrong, it was no good attempting to remove the wrong itself. He did not think that they would derive much benefit or light on the subject if they took the bare words of the Com- mandments of the words of Scripture. He thought that much of the severity with which some people were inclined to lost upon Sunday observance was the remain- ing influence of the old Puritans, we looked upon all pleasure as a crime, and whose influence they had never thoroughly got rid of. He admitted that he was in a difficulty so soon as he came to stating his views on the question of what was observing the Sunday properly. Referring to his boyhood days, and the days when he had to go to Sunday school, he confessed that they were always regarded by him as most dreadful days. He contended that some sports were useful " and elevating, and that they were none the worse for being carried on on a Sunday He saw reason for a game, which it was permissible for them to play on the week days, being played on Sunday as well. He thought they had better adapt the observance of the Sabbath to the locality and the climate. Whatever observance of the Sunday tended to good, to the building up of a good nation, whatever observance tended to greater humanity, and to the elevating of their natures, surely that was the best to adopt. Were they not in doing this using to the fullest extent the day which God had so mercifully set apart for their good? Mr. W D. HOLMES did not agree that the law " Remember to keep holy the seventh day had been abrogated by the coming of the Lord. The law held as good now as it did then. Neither could he agree with the argument that because if was sought to elevate the mind by throw- ing open the libraries and museums, they should also allow the development of the physical side of their nature. He thought there were other times for developing the physical side, and it had to be remembered that there was a more important side to their nature than that. He hoped that if possible the Synod would take some stand on this matter, as also all Christian people to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath. Mr. ROWLAND Ross also addressed the meeting, and put in a plea for the count- less numbers of people who, living in the hovels of great cities, never knew what it was to enjoy any of the privileges or pleasures of a Sunday. He agreed that something should be done to improve what he styled the depressing humdrum of Sunday observance at the present time. He would like to see the public library and other means of education more available. The Rev. G. E. PRITCHETT thought that if Christians were filled with the ever deepening and quickening spirit of the Holy Ghost there would be no fear of their desecrating the Sabbath. Mr. Justice STONE said that he recognised the very great difficulty which presented itself as soon as they came to examine into the various phases of this important question. He thought, however, that the more' they realised that the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath, the more fully would they realise how best the Sabbath could be utilised and how much of a blessing it was to man. Since the time when it was decreed that Adam and his descendants should earn their livelihood by the sweat of their brows was essential that a day should be set apart for rest, not only for the rest of the body, but in order to give the mind an opportunity of ponder- ing on those higher things that are made for the improvement of the spiritual side; of their natures. In regard to the subject of sports on Sundays, he was afraid that it had not a good tendency. Indeed, he would go so far as to say that it seemed impossible in these days to keep a tendency to evil out of the very best and most innocent of their sports. He had noticed one day on the Association Cricket Ground, when some bicycle sports were being, held two clergy- men, who happened to be present, walk away disgusted. He soon ascertained the cause. He noticed several rascals calling the odds and betting going on openly. He considered that it was not a proper place for him either, and he left also. Mr. O. BURT thought that for the Church to attempt to lay down any hard and fast rule on the question would be about the biggest mistake that it could make. It was a matter which had to be left to the individual conscience of every churchman and churchwoman. Mr. Myerson and Mr. Woadrofe also The BISHOP, in closing the meeting, said he was very much obliged to those who had so kindly consented to open the debate. He thought that what had been said that evening pointed to the one fact, that they all desired to see the Sunday better observed. They could say that there was a great variety of opinions in regard to this question, and they would need to be very careful in looking upon someone who did not hold the same views as they did as a sinner. The first thing they had to learn as Christians was not to judge others too harshly. He thought most people would agree with him that there was far too little reading and thought among the young people at the present time. It seemed to him that no sooner were they out of the office than they were away to recreation. They wanted all day and days and Sundays for recreation, leaving no time at all for enabling of the higher facilities which God had given them. The conference closed with rtravar. 