| K A TBI CARNEGIE. I i. ' 4 | BY TAN MACLAUEX, j ' CHAPTER V. — (Continued.) i "You are most insulting; one would think I i were a milksop. 1 was hoping for a ghost— a I white lady by choice. Did no Carnegie murder j his wife, for instance, through jealousy or quarrel- ' ling?" „ . . ' "The Carnegles hove never quarrcucu, »uiu \ the general, with much simplicity; "you see the 1 men have generally been away lighting, and the ' women bad never time to weary of them. ' "No woman ever wearies of a man unless he be a fool and gives in to her — then she grows sick of lilm Ufo might be wholesome, but it would have ' no smack; it would be like meat without mustard. If a man cannot rule lie ought not to marry, for his wife will play the fool in some fashion or other like a runav/ay horse, and lie has half the blame. Why did he take the box neat?" and Kate nodded to the fire. "What, ore you laughing at?" "Perhaps I ought to be shocked, but the thought of anvone trying to rule you, Kit, tickles me im mensely. I have had the reins since you were i a bairn, and you have been a. handful. You were a bstnatehll' at six years old. and a 'trinmue' at twelve, and you are qualifying for the highest rank in your class." "What may that bo. pray? U seems to me that the Scottish tongue is a perfect treasure house for impertinent, people. How Scots must congratulate themselves that they need never he at a loss when they are augry or even simply frriik." "if it comes to downright swearing, you must go to Gaelic." sab) the general, branching off. "Dcoald used to be quite contemptuous of any slight efforts at profanity in the barrack yard, al though they sickened me. "Toots, colonel; ye do not need to be troubling yourself with such poor little words, for they are just, nothing at. all. and yet the bodies will be saying them over and over again, like par- " 'Now, a Lochabor man could bef been saying what he was wanting for fifteen minutes, and nefer hef used the same word twice, unless lie had been forgetting hit; Gaelic. It's a pcautiful language, the Gaelic, when you will not be i'ery well pleased with a man.' " "That is very good, dad, but T lliinlc we were speaking Hi Scotch, and you have not told me that nice complimentary title I am living to de- serve. Is 'cutty t ho disreputable worn.' tor i think I've passed that rank already; it souuds quite familiar." "No, it's a far more fetching word than 'cutty, or even than 'randy (scold), which you may have heard." . "I have," replied Kate instantly, "more than once, aud especially after I had a difference in opinion with Lieutenant Strange. You called ine one or two names then, dad— in fact, you were quite eloquent; but you know that he was a bad . fellow, artd that the regiment was well rid of him; j hut I'm older now, and I have not heard my promotion." ' "It's the most vigorous word that Scots have jfor a particular kind of woman." "Describe her," demanded Kate, "One who has a mind of her own," began the ! General, carefully, and a "way, loo, who is not easily cowed or managed, who is not—" "A fool," suggested Kate. "Who is not conspicuously soft in manner," pursued the General, with discretion, "who might even have a temper." "Not a tame rabbit, in fact. T understand what you are driving at, and I know what a model must feel when she is being painted. And now kindly pluck up courage and name the picture." And Kate leant hack, with her hand behind her head, challenging the General — if he dared. "Well?" "Besom." And he was not at all ashamed, for ; a Scot never uses this word without a ring of fondness and admiration in his voice, as of one ! who gives the world to understand that he quite ; disapproves of this audacious woman, wife or i daughter of liis, but is proud or her ail the time. ! It is indeed a necessity of his nature for a Scot \ to have husks of reproach containing kernels of compliment, so that he may let out his heart, and yet preserve his character as an austere per- 1 son, destitute of vanity and sentiment. ! "Accept your servant's thanks, General. I am highly honored." And Kate made a sweeping curtesy, whereupon they both laughed merrily; and a log blazing up suddenly made an old Car- negio smile, who had taken the field for Queen Mary, and was the very man to have delighted in a besom. "When I was here in June"— and the General stretched himself in u deep red leather chair — "1 stood a while one evening watching a fair- haired, blue-eyed little maid who was making a daisy chain and singing to herself in a garden. Her mother came out from the cottage, and since she did not see me devoured the child with eyes of love. Then something came into her mind — perhaps that the good man would soon be home for supper. She rushed forward and seized the child as if it had been caught in some act of j mischief. ' " 'Come into the hoose, this meenut, ye little % besom, and say yir earritches. What's the chief end o' man?' " 'Could she have been so accomplished at that ugc?" Kate Inquired with interest. "Are you sure about the term of endearment? Was the child visibly flattered?" "She caught my eye as they passed in, and flung me a smile like one excusing her mother's fondness. But Davidson hears better things, for as soon as he appears the younger members of a family are taken from their porridge aud set to their devotions. " 'What are ye glowerln' at there, yo little ! cutty? Toom (empty) yir mooth this meenut aud say the twenty-third Psalm to the minister.' "Life seems full of incident, and the women : make the play. What about the men? Are they merely a chorus? "A stranger spending a week in one of our farm houses would be ready to give evidence in a court of justice that he had never seen a woman so domineering or men so submissive as in Drum- tochty. "And why? Because the housewife who sits in church as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth speaks with much fluency and vigor at home, and the man says nothing. "His normal state is doing wrong and being scolded from morning till night — for going out without his breakfast, for not cleaning his boots When he comes in, for spoiling chairs by sitting ou them with wet clothes, for spilling the tea on the tablecloth, for going away to market with a dusty coat, for visiting the stable with his Sunday coat, for not speaking at all to visitors, for saying things he oughtn't when he does speak — till the long-suffering man, raked fore and aft, rushes lrom tho house in desperation, aud outside re marks to himself, by way of consolation, "Losh keep's! there's nae llviii wi' her the day; her tongue's little better than a thrashing mill.' "His confusion, however, is neither deep nor lasting, and in a few minutes lie has started for a round of the farm In good heart, once or ' twice saying 'Sal' in a way that shows a lively recollection of his wife's gifts." "Then tho men love to lie ruled," began Kate, With some contempt; "it does not give me a high er idea of the district." "Wait a moment, young woman, for all that goes for nothing, except to show that the men : allow the women to bo supreme in one sphere." i "In the dairy, 1 suppose?" "Perhaps; and a very pleasant kingdom, too, i as I remember it, when a hot, thirsty, tired laddie, ! who had been fishing or ferreting, was taken ; Into the cool, moist, darkened place and saw a dish of milk creamed for his benefit by some sonsy housewife." "Sandy and I used to think her omnipotent, and heard her put the glide man through his facings with awe, but by and bye we noticed that her power had limits. When the matter had to do with anything serious, sowing or reap ing or kirk or market, his word was law. "Ho said little, but It wan final, and she never contradicted; it was rare lo hear a man call his wife by name; it was usually 'glide wife,' and she always referred to him as the 'maister.' And Without any exceptiou. these sileut, reserved men were 'maister'; they had a look of authority." "They gave way in trifles to rule in a crisis, which is just my idea of masculine government," ; expatiated Kate. "A woman likes to say what she pleases and have her will In little things; | she has her way, and if u man corrects her be- cause she is inaccurate, and nags at her when she does anything he does not approve, then he is very foolish and very trying, and if she is not quite a saint she will make him suitor." "Do you remember, Dr. Petiigrow, that prim little elllgy of a man, and his delightful Irish i wife, and how conversation used to ruu wheu be was within hearing?" 1 "Glad to have a tasting. Kit," and the General lay back in expectation. " '01 remember him, as foine a young officer as ye would wish to see, 0 feet In his boots.' | "About 5 feet 10, 1 believe, was his exact height, my dear." ; " 'May he he wasn't full grown then, hut he was a good upstanding man, and as pretty a rider as ever sat on a liorse. Well, he was a .Warwickshire man. . . "Bucks, he said himself." i "He was maybe boru in both counties for all you know." 1 " 'Alethea,' with a cough and reproving look. ! "'At any rate 01 saw him riding In a steeple- ; chase in the spring of '07, at Aldershot.' " 'It must, I think, have been '00. We were I at Gibraltar in '07. Please be accurate,' ! " 'Bother your accuracy, for yo are driving the pigs through my story. Well, Oi was tell ing ye about the steeplechase Jimmy Brook ' rode. It was a mile, and he had led for half, 1 and ho ho was just four hundred yards from the 1 post.' " 'A half would be SSO yards.1 " 01 wish from my heart that geography, arithmetic, memory, and accuracy, and every other work of Satan were drowned with Moses in the Red Sea. Go, for my sake, and bring mo a glass of irritated water.' " "Capital," cried the General. "I heard that myself, or something like it. Pcttlgrew was a tiresome wretch, but he was devoted to his wife in his own way." "Which was enough to make a woman throw thlDgs at him, as very likely Alethea did when they were alone. What ho fool lie was to bother about facts; the charm of Lit.hy was that she had none — dates and such like would have made her quite uninteresting. The ouly dates 1 can quote myself are the Rebellion and the Mutiny, and I'll add '75 when wo como home. I don't like datey women; but then it's rather cheap for one to say that who doesn't know anything," and Kate sighed very becomingly at the con templation of her ignorance. "Except French, which she speaks like a Pari sian." murmured the General. "That's a fluke, because I was educated at the Scotch couvent with those dear old absurd nuns who wore Gordons, and Camerons, and Macdon- alds, and didn't know a word of English." "Who can manage her horse like a rough rider," continued the General, counting on bis finger, "and dance like a French woman, and play whist like a half pay ofllcer, and " "That's not education; those are simply the accomplishments of a besom. You know, dad, I've never read a word of Darwin, and I got tired of George Eliot and wont back to Scott." "I've no odecuation myself," said the General, ruefully, "except the Latin the old dominie thrashed into mo, and some French which ail our set in Scotland used to have, and ... I can hold my own with the broadsword. When I think of all those young officers kuow, I wonder wo old chaps word fit for anything." "Well, you see, dad." and Kate began to count aFo, "you were made of .steel wire, and were never ill; you could march for a day aud rather enjoy a fight in the evening; you would go any where, and the men kept just IS inches behind. You always knew what the enemy was going to do before ho did it, and 'you always did what he didn't expect you to do. That's not half the list of your accomplishments but they make a good beginning for a fighting man." "It . will be all mathematics in the future. Kit, and there will bo no fighting aL close quarters. Tho ofilcers will wear gloves and spectacles — but where are we now. grumbling as if we were sit ting In a club window? Besides, these young fellows can light as well as pass exams. You were saying that it was a shame of a man to complain of his wife flirting," and the General studied the ceiling. "You know that I never said anything of the kind; but some women are flirty in a nice way. just as some are hooky, and some are 1 diessy, and some are witty, and some are horsey; and I think a woman should be herself. I should i?av the right kind of man would be proud of his wife's strong point, and give her liberty." "He is to iiavo none, 1 suppose, but just be a foil to throw her Into relict. Is he to be allowed any opinions of his own? r t looks hard, that cushion, Kit, and i m an old broken down man." "You deserve leather, for you know what 1 think about a man's position quite well. If he allows himself to bo governed by his wife In serious matters, be is not worth calling a man." "Like poor Major MTntosh." "Exactly. What an abject he was before that woman, who was simply " "Not a besom, Kate," interrupted the General, anxiously — afraid that a classical word was to be misusod. "Certainly not, for a besom must be nice, and at bottom a lady — in fact, a woman of decided character." "Quite so. You've hit the bull's eye, Kit, and paid a neat compliment to yourself. Have you a word for Mrs. MTntosh?" "A vulgar termageut" — the General indicated that would do— "who would call her husband an Idiot aloud before a dinner table, and quarrel like a fishwife with people in his presence." "Why, he daren't call his soul his own; he belonged to the kirk, you knew, and there was a Scotch padre, but she inarched him off to our ser vice, and if you had seen him trying to find the places in the prayer book. If a man hasn't courage enough to stand by his faith, lie might as well go and hang himself. Don't you think the first thing is to stick by your religion, and the next by your country, though it cost one his life?" "That's it, lassie; every gentleman does." "She was a disgusting woman," continued Kate, "and jingling with money; I never saw so many precious stones wasted on one woman; they always reminded mc of a jewel in a swine's snout." "Kate!" remonstrated her father, "that's "Rather coarse, but it's her blame; mid to hear Mrs. MTntosh calculating what each officer had — I told her wc would live In a lodge at home and raise our own food. My opinion Is that her father was a publican, and I'm sure she had once been a Methodist." "Why?" "Because she was so churchy, always talking about celebrations and vigils, and explaining that it was a sin to listen to a dissenting chap lain " "Then, Kate, if your man — as they say here — tried to make you hold his views?" "I wouldn't, and I'd hate him." "And If he accepted yours?" "I'd despise him," replied Kate, promptly. "You are a perfect contradiction." "You mean I'm a woman, and a besom, and therefore I don't pretend to be consistent or logical, or even fair; but I am right." Then they went up the west tower to the General's- room, and looked out on the woods aud tho river, and on a field of ripe corn upon the height across the river, flooded with tho ."Homo at last,. .lassie, you and I, and another 'not far off,, maybe." . Kate kissed her father, and said "one in love, dad . . . and faith." . , CHAPTER VI.— LOVE IS ETERNAL. The General road morning prayers in brief, omitting the Psalms and lessons, and then arter breakfast, with much gossip and ancient stories from Donald, the father and daughter went out to survey their domain, and though there be many larger, yet there can be few more romantic In the north. That Carnegie had a fine eye and a sense of things who, out of all the Glen — for the Hays had little in Drumtochty in those days — fastened on the site of the Lodge and planted three miles of wood, birch and oak, the beech and ash, with the rowan tree, along the river that goe3 out and In seven times in that distance, so that his de scendants might have a fastness for their habi tation and their children might grow up in kindly wcods on which the south sun beats from early spring till late autumn, and within the sight and sound of clean-running water. No wonder they loved their lonely home with tenacious hearts, and left it only because it was in their blood to be fighting. They had been out at Langside and Philiphaugh, in tho '15 and the '45, and al ways on the losing side. The Lodge hud never been long without a young widow and a father less lad, but family history had no warning for. him — in fact, seemed rather to be an inspiration in the old way — for no sooner hud he loved and married than he would hear of another rebellion, and ride off some morning to fight for that ill- fated dynasty whose love was ever another name for death.- There was always a Carnegie ready a 3 soon as the white cockade appeared anywhere in Scotland, and each of the house fought like the men before lilm, save that lie brought fewer at his back and had less in his pocket. Little was left, to the General and our Kate, and then came the great catastrophe that lost them the Lodge, and so the raco bus now neither name nor house in Scotland, save In the vault in Drum tochty kirk. It is a question whether ono is wise to revisit any place where he lias often been in happier times and see It desolate. For me, ut least, it was a mistake, and the melancholy is still upon me. The deserted hoti3e falling at last to pieces, the over-grown garden, the crumbling paths, the gaping bridges over tho little burns and tho loneliness, chilled one's soul. There was liu money to sparo in the General's time, but it is wonderful what one gardener, who lias no hours and work's for love's sake, can do, even In a place that needed half a dozen. Then he was assisted unofficially by Donald, who declared that working in the woods was "fery healthy and good for one . — 11 ....... T linrirn.mil 4/1 nftt 1,1 T tl (1 I <1 " Ol two siiiuii uuu> ana Kate save herself lo the sarilen. The path by the river v.as kept In repair, and ono never knew when Kate mlght'appear round tho corner. Once I hud come down from tho cottage on a line February day to see the snowdrops in I lie shel tered nooks, for there were little delis white as anow at that season In Toelity woods, and Kate, hearing that 1 hail passed, carae of her kindness lo take me back to luncheon. Slve hail on a jacket or sealskin that we greatly admired, and a felt hat with three grouse feathers on the side, and round her throat n red satin scniT. The sun was shining un the bend of the path, ami she came into the light singing .lock o' Hazel Jean, walking, as Kate ever did In song, with a swing ing step like soldiers on a march. It seemd to me that day that slie was born to bo tho wife either of a noble or a soldier, and t still wish at times within my heart then she wore Countess of Kllspindic. for then -the Lodge had been a fair sight to-dnv, ami her rather had died in his own room. And oilier times I luive imagined myself Kllspindie, who was then Lord Hay, and ques tioned whether I should have ordered Tochty to bo dismantled and left a waste, us it is this day. and would have gone away to the wars, or would not have loved to keep it in order for her sake, and visited it in llie spring time when the prim roses are out. nnd the autumn when the leaves aw- blood red. Then I declare that Hay, being of a brave stock, and having anted as a man of l10II0r for that is known to all now — ought to have put a good face on his disappointment; but ail tho time I know one man who would have followed Lord Hay's suit, and who regrets that he ever again saw Tochty Lodge. "First of ail," said tho General, as they sallied forth "we shall go to the Beeches, and see a view 'for Which one might travel muny days and pay a ransom." (To he continued.) 