_THE 1hOELIST>U V The Mystery of the Inn11111 OR, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. CILIPTER ILX.--Comn?xrD. I, therefore,paused hen I reached the last step above the platform, and listened intently before proceeding further. There was no noise; all was quiet, as a respect abhle house should be at two o'clock in the morning. Yet from the hall below came an undefinabe something owhich made me feel that she was there ; a breathing influence that woke every nervous sensi bility within me, andnmade-tiy-he-art beats so irregular that I tried to stop them, lest my own presence should be be trayed. She was there, a creeping, bale ful fiure, blotting the moonshine with her tall shadow, as she passed, panther like, to and fro before that closed door, or crouched against the wall in the same at titude of listening which I myself as sumed. Or so I pictured her as I clung to the balustrade abover, asking myself how I could cross that strip of moonlight separating me from that vantage-point I longed to gain. For that I knew her to be there was not enough. I must see her, and learn, ;f pomsibhlevm tlhlattractios was which -rew her to this fatal door. But how, how, how ? If she were watching, as secrecy ever watches, I could not take a step upon that platform without being discerned. Not even if a friendly cloud came to ob scure the brightness of the moron, could I hope to project the dark figre into that belt of light without discovery. I must see what was to be seen from the step where I stood, and to do this I know but one way. Tal:kig lp the end of my long cloak, I advanced it the merest "trifle beyond the edge of the partition that separated me from the hall hblow. Then I listened again. No soun):d, no stir. I breathed deeply and thrust my arm still further, the long cloak hanging from'it dark and impen:etratahle to the floor below. Tlhen I watdd.-Thcmaio- light was not quite as bright as it had -'been; surely that was a cloud I saw careering over the fae of tl.t aky ahbve me, and in antothler ioment, if I could wait for it, the hall w.ould tie anlilcat dark. Ilet my armt adsvaFec u it nch or so further, and satistied now that I had got the slit which answers for an arm "hole into a position that would anhrd nme full opportunity of looking through the blaek Wall I had thus iiuctrorised, I .iatchlied the cloud for the moment of comparative darkness which I had so confidently expected. It canm, and with it a sound-the first I had heard. it was from far down the htill, and was, as near Sas I could judge, of a jingling nature, ;h-ichd for an instant I found it hard to underatand.. Then. the quick suc picion came as to what it was, a!ld, unable to restrain myself longer, I ceparated the slit I had spoken.of with the ligetus of my right hand and looked throu:h. There she was, standing be'ere the door of the oak parlor, fitting keys. I know it at my first glimpse, bhth from her attitude and the slight not-e which the keys made. Taketnaback, for I-h:rd not expected this, I sank out of sight, cloak and all. asking myself what I should do. I finally decided to do no titing, but would listen, and if the least intimation came to prove that shle had succeeded in her endeavor, I would then spring down the steps that separated its and hold har hack Iy the hair of her head. MeManwhile I congr tulated myself that the lock of tlhat room was a peculiar one, and tlhat t he only key I knew of that would unlock it was under the pillow of the bed Il had jut left. She worked several minutes ; then the mon catte out. Istantly all was still. I knew whither she hid gone. Ne::r the door site was talperintg wiith is ai short passe'e-wae letdintg to another window. Into tlhis shle had slipped, and I could look out now with impunity, suire that she would not see me. But I remained immovable. Tihere was another cloud rushing up front the south, and in anothier Inotlent I was confident that, I. ahull Ihear ?g?in tile slight delatter of the keyag-i inst-tlock - AndJ I did, and not only once, but several times, which fact assured me that sithe har! tnot only brought a handful of keys * with her, but that these - keys must hare come fromu some more distant quarter than the town; that. indeed she hiad comte provided to the Ilappy-Go-Lucky for this nocturnal visit. She did not succeed in her efforts. Had she brought burglars' tools I hardly think shite would have been able to open that lock ; as it was. there was no hope for her. nd.presently shite eemerd to comore hend this, for the slight sounds ceased, and, presently, I heari'a step, and peer , in recklessly from my corner, I per ceived her gliding away towards the front stairs. . SI itailed, but 'it could not liavers been in a wiay site would have enjoyed seeing, ,and crept noiselessly to my own room, and our doors closed simulta neeou?ly. This morni- I watched with some an xietvyfor her first look... ' It wias slightly inqunirin. Suiuinoiing up nimy best sanile, I gave iherr la cheerful good- morning, and thou observed: ' I ant glad to see you look so well thisl tornitg I Your daughter seemed to be concerned abcRuL you in the night be ?aeuestoi hind left your bed.. But I told heir I was sire ilt was right, that you wire feling ncrvroie, and only wanted a breathl of the freshl air you would find in the hallsc." "You understand your own sex," was her light reply, after this .hlort study of my face. " Yes, I was very nervous. I have cares on miy umind, and, tihough my daughter does not realise.it, I often lie awake at her side, longing for space to breathe in and freedom .to moroe as freely as my uneasiness demans?. ILst night my feelings were too ihiu i tor my self control, and I arose. I iep I did not seriously disturb you, or a,.cken anybody with my restless pacing up1 and down the bullT' ' I sseurrd her that it took more than this to disturb me, and {hat-after-qhiet ing her daughter I had imnmediately fallen asleep; all of which she may have believed or may not; I had no means of reading her mind, as she had no means of reading mine. SBut whether she was deceived or whether aie was not, she certainly looked relieved, and after sonime short re marks about the weather. turnued from me with the most cheerful air in the world, to greet her daughter. As for me, I lhave made up my mcind to change my room. I shall not say any. thing about it or make any fuss on the .?mjc.rt, bi4 tol.ight, and for tome nigLhtl to come, I intend to take up my abode.in a certain small room in the west wing,not Tory far.removd fromin the dreadful oak parlor;. CHAPTER XX. THE STONE IN Tll OGARDEN. . OcronnER , 1791. This morning the post: brought two letters for my strange guests. Being anxious to see how they.would be r-. ceived I carried them up to' Madame Letellier's room myself. The ladies were sitting together, the daughter embroidering. At the sight of the letters in my hand they both'rose,the daughter reaching me first. "Let me have them I" she cried, a glad, bright color showing for a moment on her cheek. "From your father?" asked the mother inr-itone of-nonchalance,-tlnddid-sot-do ceive tle. .The girl shook her head. A smile as exquisite as it was sad made her mouth beautiful. "From-aslie-began, but stopped, whether from an instinct of maidenly shame or some secret signal from her mother, I cannot say. " Well, never mind," the mother ex claimed, and turned away towards the window in a manner thrt gave me my dismissal. So I went out, having learned no thing, save the fact that mnademoisello had a lover, and that her lips could smile. They did not smile again, however. Next day she looked whiter than ever, and languid as a broken blossom. "Sile is ill," declared madame. "The stairs she has-to climb are too much for her." "Ah, ah i" thought I to myself, "that is the first movd," and waited for the next development. It has not come as soon as I expected. Two days have passed, and though 2Madelmoiselle Lctellier grows fhinreor and thinner, nothing more has bedn said about the stairs. But the timre ihs not passed without its incident, and a serious enough one, too, if these women are, as I fear, in the secret of the hidden chamber. \--It is- this- - In thie earden is a white stone. It is plain-finished but unlettered. It marks the r.sting.-place of Ionora- Urquhaort. For r'easons hich we all thought good,. we have taken no uninterested person into the secret of this grave any more than we have into that of the hidden chamber. Consequently no one in the house but myself could ar.swer Madame Letellier, when, stopping in her short walk up and down the garden path, she asked what the white stone meant and what it marked. I would not answer her. I had seen from the window where I stood the quick surprise with which she had colme to a standstill at the sight of this stone, and I ihad caught the tremble iu her usually steady voice as sihe made the inquiry I have mentioned above. I there fore hastened dnwn and joined her before she had lift the spot. " You are wondering what this stone means," I observed, with an indif ferent tone calculated to set her at her ease. Then suddenly, and with a changed voice end a eared look-into lherJace, I added : "It is a head-stone ; a dead body lies here." Shloe quivered, and tier lids fell. For all her self-possession-and she is the most self-possessed I ever saw in my life -she showed a change that gave me new tlhoughts and made mice summon up all the strength I am mistress of, in order to preserve the composure which her agita* tioan had so deeply shaken. " You shock me," were her first words, uttered very slowly, and with a trans parent show of indifference. " It is not usual to find a garde:a used for a burial place. May I ask whose body lies here 1 That of some faithful black or of a favor ite horse ?"' "It is not that of a horse," I returned, caluly. And greatly pleased to find that I had placed her in a positioti wi-re she would be obliged to press the question if shlb would learn anything more, I walked slowly on, convinced that she would fol low ii. - .. Sire did, giving me short side glances, wlhich I bore with atn equatnimity that mucht belied the tempest of doubt, re pngtnnee and horror that waere,elrq?gling blindly in my breast. But slio did tfit renew the s'ibject of the grave. -Instead of tlat, she openied one of hel most. fas cinating coivemations,- enidevriring-by her whiles and grates to get at my con fidence and insure my good-will. And I was hypocrito enough to de ceive her into thinking she had doon so. Though I showed her no "great warmth, I carefully restrained myself froms be traying my real feelings, allowing her to talk on, and giving her now and then an encouraging word or an inviting smile. For I felt that she was a serpent and must be met as such. If she were the woman 1 thought her, I sloulir cain nothing and lose all by betraying my dis. trust, while if she felt me to be her dupo 1 might yet light upon the secret of her interest in the-oak parlor. - Her daughlter was waiting for us in the door-way when we reaclhecd the house. At the sight of l:er pure face, with its tender, gray eyes and faultless features, a stronlg revulsion seized me and 1 fIutid it dini. cult not to raise my arms in protost Ir tween hier beiuty and *vinniii~ wotitatli ness and the subtile" and treacilierou hearted being who glided so smoothly to wards her. But the movement, had I made it, world have been in vain. At thle sight of each other's faces a lovely smile arose on the daughter's lips, wlile on thie mother's flashed a look of love whlichl would be unmistakahble even on the countenance of a tiger, and lwhich was at thlis moment so vivid and so real that I never doubtted again, if I had crer dorubted before, that mademoiselle was her o?n-cl eld=fleshl of her lfiesh, -ifd bone of ier bone. "All, mamma," cried one soft voice, "I have been so lonesome 1" "Darling," returned thIe cther, in tones as true and caressing, "I will nlot leaveyouragain-r-ven-for a walk,-till-you are quite well." And Intkinrg hier by thIe waist, she led her down thie Ihall towards the stairs, 5loking back at m oe as ah did so, and say " I cannot take her to Albany till she is better. You must think swhat we can do to make her strong again, Mrs. Truax." And she sighed as aso looked up the short flight of stairs her daughter lhad to climb. OConER 15, 1791. That astone in the garden seems to pos acess a mnagetic attraction for madmen. She is over it or near it half the time. tf I go out in the early morning to gather grapes for dinner, there she is before me, pacing up and down the paths convcrging to that spot, and gazing with eager eyes at that simple stone, as if by the force of her will she would extract its socrct and make it tell her what she eviAentl, hi ti uri? to know. If I want fluers for the parlor mattel and hurry int' the "irden during the heat of the dy. there i, madame with a hugo lihat oil her iead. plucking asters or pulling dowi :Iapples from the low-hanging branchls of the trees. It is the same at ni31,t-fall.. Sas picious, always suspicious now. I fru quently stop, in las ing through tl e upper western hall, to take a pl ep frlml the one window that ovrerloks this pIltl of the garden. I invariably see iher thern ; anlid remembering that ier ilaighter is ill, remembering that in mily huariog she pi': iatised -tha?lughteri-hat__sh w,,ultr_?iot_ !care her again, I fool impelled at timel to remind her of 'the fact, and se. se ;ha reply will follow. But I know. She! willnay that she is not well hraelf ; thlat the breeze from the river doees her go'd; that she loves nature, and aerrps -better after a ramble under the stars. I cin not disconcert her -nootfor or g-n?ad I cannot compete with her in volubility natd conversational nddiess, ro I will continuo to play a discreet part nnd wait. Oc'roUtE 17, 1701. -Madame has - beme -bolderv,-or --l curiosity inore impatient. Ilitherto ithe has becn, content with lha::nting the garden, and welkin.ir over and about shit one place in it which po,?eeseal peculiar interest for her and me. But th:a even ingt when she thought no one was look ing, when a'ter a huarried survey o[ the house and grounds, she failed to detect my sharp eyes behind the cnrtain of the upper windlow,she threw aside discretion, knelt down on the sod of that grave; and pushed aside the grass that grows about that stone, doubtless to see if there 'were any marks or inscription lupon it. Thrre are none, but I determined she shuost not be sure of this, so before she could satisfy herself, I threw up the win dow behind which I stool, makil:g so much noise that it alarmed her, and shs thastily arose. 1 met her hasty look with a smile which it was too dark for her to see, and a cheerful good-evenin wheich I preuawe fell with anything but a cheerful sound upon her ears. "It is a lovely evening," I cried. "IIave you been admiring the beautiful sunset ?" "Ah, so much I" was her quick reply, ard she began to saunter in slowly. Baut I knew she left her thoughts out there with that mysterious grave. 12 ar. Anolhes midnight adventure I L'te as it was, I must put it down, for I can not sleep, and to-marrow will brilg ite ownl story. • I had gone to bed, but not to sleep. The anxieties under which I now labor, the sesee of mystery which pervades tIs whole house, and thle pecret but cier present apprehension of someno impoeling catastrophe, which has followed leo ever since these women came into the hlosoc, lay heavily on my mind, and prevented all rest. The, change of room .may also have.added to my disturbance.--: I ame wedded to old thi.ngs, old ways, and habitual nurroundings. I was not at home in thins small and-stuffy apartment, with its one narrow window and wrutched accommodiations. Nor could I forget near what it lay, nor rid myself of the horror which its walls gave- me wlcenever 1 realised, as I invariably did at night, that only a iliglt partitioni separated meu freom the secret ch:unber, with its ghastly memories and ever to be recncilbored horrors. . I was lying, then, awake, wihen some impulsec-wa- s ? a magnitic one ?--cabsed me to rise and look out of thie window. I did not see anything unusual-not at tirst-niad I drew back. But thi~imppulso returned, and I. looked again, and this time perceived among the shadows of the trees something stirrig in the gardencu, thugh' iwhat' could not tell, fyr the night was uinuseually" dark, snid 'my window very poorly situated; for see. ing. Biiat that there was simething-there-was- enougih, acid after another vati attempt - to satisfy myself as to its character, I dressed and went into the hall, deter. mined to ascertain if any outlet to the house was opel.. I'did not take a light, for.I kinowthe corridors ai I do my'olin iiais d. LBiut I a stliti?htd htand ass I sped fnmr door to door and window to window; for tlhe events' wwhichuhad blotted my ehouse witi mystery were beginning to work upon in mind, and I felt afraid,nlot of mcy shadow, for I could not see it, but of my step, and the great gulfs of darkness that-were coa- tinbally opening before my ye?e. However, I did cnt draw back, Bnd I did cot delay. I tried the front door ind found it locked; then the south door,and finally the one in the kitchen.' This last was ajar. I knew. then what had hap pened. Madame has had. more than one talk with Chloe lately, and the good' ne gree i has. not (been proof agaiilst' her wiles, anid has' taaughttiesi tlib scret of.. the kitchen iock.- I shall talk: to Chsloo to.morrow.- But, meantime,I must follow madaic. - But should I I I ,know cwhat shoe is doing in ihe garden.: Shte: is wandering round and round that grave. If I saw her I could not be any-surer of -the-fact, and I would but reveal my own suspicions to her by showing myself as a spy. No,' I will remain here in the shadows of the. kitchen, and wait for her to return. The watch may be weird, but no weirder than that of a previous night. Besides, it will not be a long one ; the air is too chilly. outside for her to risk a lengthy stay in it. I shall soon perceive her dark figure glide in through the door-way. And I did. Almost before I had with drawn into nmy corner I heard the faint fall of feet-on the stone-without, theCn-Ithe subdued but uenmeistakable sound of the opening door, and lastly the locking of it anid the hasty tread of her footsteps as she glided across the brick flagging and disappeared into the hall beyond. __'Site hies laid the ghost of her unrest for to-night," thought 1. "To-morrow it will rise again." And I felt my first movement of pity for her. (To DE CONTINUED.) Beal triendship is a slow grower, and never thrives unless engrafted upon a stock of known and reciprocal merit. .Few, without the hope of another life, would think it worth their while to live above the allurements of sense. It is sometimes pleasant to consider the different notions which different persons base I tbhe nms thingb 