UNDER JHE PEPPER TREES. (BY CAYENNE.) That mercy I to othe-s slww. That mercy show to me. Popr LORD and Lady r.tnssey visited Korumhurra last week, aud, of course were shown over the Coal Creek Mine, the only place .vorthf visitintr iti than town of mM, s u-h, Radovi<-k, and coal-heavers. " His Excellency was not a <:o;il expert, but lie would gladly (.') order a consignment of this identical coal for trial in the furnaces of the •"Sunbeam (Hooray !), and Lady Brawcv would also give it a trial at Government House for domestic purposes. (Hooray, again'.)" How nice. Everything must now be tried on the Sunbeam, or in Government House, before it can be stamped an genuine. What a pity it is that an agitation cannot be got up to"induce the Yicr-regal Party to visit Numurkah. It would be jnsi splendid, for His Excellcncv would no douhi be p-rsuaded—he accepted a hint" ai Korumburra. but I suppose the meanine i<= the same—to purchase some, water from the trust and have it transponed to the Sunbeam for putting into her boilers, while some could also be sent to Government House to pl»ee on *he table at some of the fr^jm-ni social functions. It could be neatly bottled and an attractive label placed on each bottle, bearing the picture of, say, a hughe typhoid germ ami Death out on the razzle together. The guests would, no doubt, think it n Mr* old liquor of some kind, and would pmir it Into their glasses, sip and taste it. :m<? remnii' audibly to each other, " W'hnt a beautiful i»00uet it ha?. Must be fifty years old at least."' Tl'ey would also surreptitiously pull a wry face, and perhaps drink some colonial beer to take acay the taste, but that would not matter, for this .action would not !«' reported, and when tiiP note from Wallington arrived to the Secretary of thr- Water Trust—" Dear sir, please forward mf for the use- of His Excellency n further consignment of two casks of yotrr excellent water, yours, etc.. W.. Private Secretary." there would indeed be rejoicing in the nwa. while the Water Trust would feail«wsW charge W.A. prices for the pig- poiltrre '- aqua pur a. THE following epistle will be of interest to some of the residents of the dssirict. It was shown me by the postlemnn w whom it is addressed, and, with his permission. 1 made copy of it. To understand it properly, however, it must be explained tlmt when the Leader commenced, he preferred ti> suliserihe to it, and gave orders verbally thai The Standard was not to be sent to him irfui December 31 last. These orders were taW. no notice of, however, the same order WIJJthen given in writing-, and the subjoined letter is what was sent in reply to ibis written order. At least that is the way 1 have heard it. and I have no reason whatever to doubt the word of Mr Irfcs. My opinion of the whole matter is that it is the outcome of envy, because Mr Lees preferred the Leader to the Standard. \ MR E. F. I.F.ES. FNVERS.-RDOII.'^ 1>EAR SIR.—Yours to hand. There is now a quarter's subscription en-Tent which mu't be paid to me on or before tho :tlst day ol March next. As I am anxious to cease doing busine-s with you after that date 1 will thank you to give the settlement of this account your prompt attention when due. There is also another amount due in connection with a portion of last year's subscription which I will thank you to call at my office and settle at oure as I ant anxious that your name should get out of my books at as early a date as possible.—Yours, etc.. JOHN CALLANDER. ,1L*NK.. Proprietor. i • r i Numurkah. 21jl. lS9tf. * » * WHIST THE BOGIE M : Mclville-stro t has, during the dast few evenings, pri'scnteii. rather a ghost-like appearance to thr uninitiated. But ;he mystery has been unravelled. Shortly after darkness has fallen the street seemed to be haunted with silent visitants from spiritland who glided in and out, and never a sound to tell of their coming and going. Perhaps an old man would be slowly wending hi* way alon.si tiie centre of tbe road to avoid Ix-inp jostled. when suddenly he would feci a rush or wind, as if some body hod vissed close io him, and and by the time he had recovered from the tart which it pavr him sufficiently lo use his eyesight he wonld be able io see* nothing more t'.an a dim and misty-looking lift tiro gliding into the darkness some ilistai]"'- ahead, a d he would go home telling himsel,' that -'things warn't like that when he was a boy," this being aUwit the only explanation h- could offer himself The explanation came about in this »av. The ghosts were " walking" as usual one night last week, when, in front of t;ie Mechanics', one seemed to violently collide with another, and, with au unghosily exclamatiou. wa-seen to fall to Motner Earth. It was then discovered tliat they were not ghosts at all, but simply some half-dozen innocent cyclists, who were testing the qualities of their iievv pneumatic tyre Humbers. * * • IN common with many others I received somewhat of a 6urpr sp on Sunday nicht. when ouatteudingthe Weslevan Church. 1 saw the Rev.,1. E. T. Green occupying the pulpit. It was a pleasant surprise, however, and uone were more glad than I to see and hear him a^ain. While I listened to him 1 could without great effort imagine myself back in Tasmania, and in the fine public'hall possessed by the little town of Emu Bay, where the Wesleyan body held their Sunday eveiuns; services, aiul I could again see J. E. T. pointing out the grand truths of the Bible to a congregation which seemed to appreciate hie every sentence. Now anJ again lie used to surpass himsell in descriptive rhetoric—wbioh in his u>rte 1 imagine, or at any rate used to be. for it is 4 years ago—and after thene occasions, when sitting at supper, he would have to withstand the blunt criticisms of myself and one or two fellow-lodgers, or perhaps he would be allowed peace until the next morning, when one of his finest passages would be applied to the leg or some other part of a fat mutton-bird. But I think he generally got the best of any war of wits which arose. He seemed to me to be slightly nervous on Sunday evening, although his sermon was a good one. and contained much sound argument, for I have heard him to much better advantage on several occassions. However, I am glad to have seen him and so were many others apparently, for it was due to the fact that he was preaching, which became known to soveral on Saturday, that there was such a large congregation • on • Suudav evening. • I TOOK a walk through the Numurkah Cemetery »few evenings ago, when I must say I was pained to sec the air of neglect which seems to pervade the enclosure. Former attempts have been made, evidently, to improve its appearance, but so feeble bave they been that the cemetery looks even worse in consequence. The paths are overgrown with grass and weeds while the graves arc hemmed in with a matting of rank, dry grasses, which insensibly makes the nervous individual think of snakes an>l other reptiles. In different portions of the cemetery are to be seen grim, and significantly hlack, notice boards—which lean in various directions, as if they, too, were silently expressing a wish that thiry be placed underneath the sod—denoting the ground allotted to the different denominations (one bears the inscription " Weslevcan'') but -which, in my opinion, are most unsightly objects, and which should at once be removed. I he purpose for which they are placed there is one which could be carried out just as well in other ways, and without hurting -.he sensitive feesings of mourners who visit, the place. For a Very small cottr evergreens ami shrubs could* be planted through the whole cemetery, and in a year or two the enclosure w, uld present a refreshing and peaceful appearance, instead of, as at present, living o^e the impression that it is the >b ide .if the dead, and, as such, not worthy of the slightest attention in the way of beautifying it for the benefit of the living. Apropoi, grave-robb- rs are not unknown thcie, for a local business man informed me the other day that the grave of hi6 child had been violate) by them. An expensive artificial wr>ath was taken from a case placed at the head of tbe grave, although for what purpose is unknown, unless with a view to future use. It is a pity that such despicable marauders cannot be exjiosed to the justice which would certainly be meted out to them were they diaooveiw.1. DENTISTRY.—It is notified elsewhere that Mr Arthur French, surgeou-dentist. will be in Numurkah next T««raday. Wednesday and Thursdiiy. when he may be oousaltel «t tihit»«m'c bold. 