LOVE'S APPARITIONS A True Anglo-Australian ory. (By Lancelot Booth.) " There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy."—Hamlet. I was seated in Fred Gascoigne's snug little study in far-away Eng- land. There were Fred, myself, and two other mutual friends, Harry Colling and Regi- nald Pawson. It was dusk, and the lamps had just been lighted, the shutters closed, and we four were settled down to a comfortable smoke, with a moderate adjunct (for Fred was very temperate, and enjoined moderation on the part of his friends) in the shape of whisky and water, heedless of the rain that dashed in gusts on the window panes. Fred Gascoigne was a young doctor who was just beginning to make for himself what became afterwards a comfortable practice. Colling and Pawson were medical students then, and I—well, I wasn't anything in particular then, though my inclina- tions tended toward that fascinating will-o'-the-wisp literature. The conversation had drifted from spiritualism into mesmerism, animal galvanism, clairvoyancy, ghosts and apparitions, and very interesting to me was that intellectual discussion. Each of us had something to say, either in favor of spirits appearing or otherwise, while many theories were started to account for authenticated so- called apparitions. At length Fred said, " Well, boys, we may scoff or not as we choose at such things as ghostly apparitions, but I'll tell you what took place in our family, and not so many years ago, and what is more I can produce some dumb wit- nesses. I have never cared to relate the story before, but I can give you any word that it is true," and he brought his hand down gently but impressively upon the table, and the writer who now records it implicitly believes in the truth of it, and so will the reader. Well, we all expressed our eager- ness to hear Fred's story, and without more ado he began, and I will tell it in his own words, for I took care to make notes of it. FRED's STORY. I don't suppose you boys re- member my brother Tom—no of course you cannot—I can barely remember him myself. Well, that's his likeness, a pencil sketch, and it is the only one I have—photography was not much known then, but you can see he was a fine, tall, handsome man ; that's another brother alongside of him, George, drawn by the same artist. As boy and girl Tom and Mabel Brun- ton (the daughter of a small farmer near our house) had been sweethearts. My brother had chosen my father's profession (the medical), underwent a course at college and so forth, and re- turned home a fine promising young man, to find Mabel developed into a handsome girl of 18. The love of the boy and girl became the more passionate one of the man and woman —and the two became most ardent lovers. Indeed, I am told that she was in every way worthy of an honest man's love being virtuous, industrious, and moreover gifted with so much personal beauty that she turned the head of every young man in the country about, gentle or bumpkin. My father and mother, especially the former, dis- countenanced the intimacy—Mabel was not of our class. Ah ! That class distinction ! At times angry words passed be- tween Tom and my father. My mother pleaded with Mabel to give him up, and the poor girl, while tearfully consenting, only felt how impossible it would be to do so. Tom had tacked M.R.C.S. to his name, and affairs were pretty much the same between him and Mabel when news came to England of the gold discoveries in Australia. Young men were fired with the intelligence, and ships were being rapidly filled with passengers bound for the An- tipodes—a voyage of no mean under- taking in those days. Tom was also fired by these accounts. He would go out to this new El Dorado, make a fortune, and return to wed Mabel, the girl of his heart. So he told her My father encouraged him, thinking it the best way of curing him of his intentions towards Mabel. My mother reluctantly consented. At last, with many tears and much misgiving on the part of mater and Mabel, Tom took his departure. I was quite a little fellow at the time. We never saw him again. |He went out as doctor on board of one of Marshall's ships, and twelve months afterwards we got a long hopeful letter from him, saying that he was just off to the diggings ; how the crews were deserting their vessels, and everybody who could possibly get away was making for the gold country. Melbourne, then only a bush town, was almost deserted. Then, after long intervals, came other letters telling of fortunes made, and of his own fluctuating success. Mabel too, you may be sure, got her letters, poor girl. I must hasten on. To be brief then, Mabel two years later, in 1855, caught a severe cold through playing croquet one damp evening. My father pronounced her case almost hopeless from the first ; the chill laid an iron grip on her lungs, and in spite of the ten- derest care she died of a gallop- ing consumption, after a few weeks' illness, on April 28, 1855. Six months after this sad event we got another letter from Tom, written close upon thin foreign paper as usual. He used to write for some time prior to the dispatch of a mail, adding to it each day, so that we received quite a journal. Here is the letter I refer to ; it is the last letter we ever got from him. It is too long to read it in its entirety, so I will only give you the part which applies to my story. After recounting his failures and successes he says he has, with his mate, shifted further away, pros- pecting, and was getting payable gold —his mate had gone to the township for " tucker." The letter is dated "Fiery Creek, Ballarat, Victoria," and the following paragraph bears date " April 28, 1855 :" " How can my pen write down what I saw this night ! O, my dear parents, I fear there is something sadly amiss at home. I must be calm, if it is possible for me to be so, with my blood at fever heat. At 8 o'clock I was sitting in my tent alone smoking, listening to the bush sounds and thinking of the loved ones far away. The moon was high and full in the heavens and shed its light through the opening of the tent. I took up my pen to add something to my home letter, when I heard a gentle sigh—O ! such a, sad sigh. I looked up when, God help me, I saw standing in the opening, flooded with the moonlight, Mabel Brunton! She was, O! so pale, and she extended her arms towards me as though for an embrace. I sprang towards her, cry- ing ' Mabel, my own,' to throw my arms about her, when I grasped the empty air. She had vanished and even as she did so I fancied I heard the sigh again. I rushed outside, calling her by name, and searched around, but there was no trace of a living soul, no sound save the occasional cry of a night owl, the fox like yelp of a dingo. What can it mean ? I was not asleep, it was no dream, for I have cut out the turf whereon she stood, and will ten- derly care for it, and will water it with my tears." Now the date April 28, 1855, is the date of Mabel's death, and making allowance for the difference in time, the hour corresponds also with that in which her spirit passed away. You can examine the letter, and must acknowledge that there cannot be any collusion. But the strangest part of my story is yet to come. On the anniversary of Mabel's death, i.e., April 28, 1856, my mother was lying awake in bed alone, my father was out on his rounds. There was a dim night light burning in the room. The door of my father's dressing-room was closed, so also was the bedroom door leading out to the staircase landing. My mother said afterwards that she was thinking of Tom, when she was horri- fied to see the dressing-room door open, and there stood her son, my brother. He was dressed after the manner of an Australian digger, look- ing sad and pale. He gazed mourn- fully at my mother with an intensity of love, walked slowly across to the bedroom door, looked once more at my mother, and passed out. For a moment my mother could not move for horror, then she gave utterance to scream upon scream. The household was roused. A search was made high and low, but no trace was found. The hour was noted, and it was the very same in which Mabel Brunton died. This visitation had a serious effect upon my mother, and my father's skill was taxed anxiously on her behalf. Even he could not scout such a matter in the face of Tom's letter, received but a few months before. Six months after this we received a letter in a strange hand, from Tom's mate, who, by the way, was a lawyer. Here also is his lettter. After pre- paring the way for the sad news his letter contains he announces my brother's death. " I had been," he writes, " on one of my customary visits to the township to bank gold and obtain stores. I was ab- sent about four days, and on my return on the 1st May I was shocked to, discover your son, my dear friend, dead. He had evidently been dead about three days. He was lying on his 'possum rug with a smile upon his lips and a tuft of grass, which, he tenderly cared for in a pretty square box he had made, firmly clasped near his heart. He had never been the same man for over a year, and told me of an apparition that had visited him on April 28, 1855, and as the anniversary of that date approached he became melan- choly. My impression is that he died on that anniversary through excite- ment preying on a week heart. We buried him in the silent bush, and fenced the grave securely." The writer then goes on to say that they had made a really fair fortune ; that he wished to revisit England for a time and that he would bring home Tom's share, with all his belongings. He was as good as his word, he brought a drawing of Tom's grave, with all his belongings (which you observe form a miniature museum), his letters, a cockatoo, still living, with one of my sisters, and, in addition, to the turf which my brother so prized, a corresponding piece cut from his grave. Each piece of grass you see has the Australian soil attached. We found it difficult to keep them growing, so I preserved them as you see. My brother's share in the claim and its products realised something like £5000, which, as he had made no will, of course, came to my father. Now, can you say, in the face of this evidence, that the spirit of Mabel Brunton did not appear to my brother, or that his spirit in turn did not pass before my mother ? Fred's story was done. We were silent, and gazed curiously at the grass, read the letters, and were con- vinced. I have heard the story since from others, but this is the first time I publish it to the world. The law- yer (the mate referred to) returned to Australia and died only a few years ago, full of years and honors. With the exception of the names, the story is perfectly true. 