aCKAPS AND GLEANINGS. (BY A UTOLYCus.) By the time these lines appear in print the battle for a seat at the Council table will have been fought and won, and the defeated candidate can sit down and quietly think what a host of - - (the reader can fill in the blank words to suit himself)-there are in the world. I would not have alluded to this matter again, were it not that I detest meanness, and, therefore, have no hesitation in calling the person who wrote a letter which appeared in, Tues day's Record, a "mean skunk.' The writer evidently had an axe to grind, .and I am afraid, Mr Editor, he made a cat's paw of you. I like a bit of a joke, and can appreciate it as much as anyone, but don't care for this hitting below the belt, especially as the other side had no opportunity before the election of giving a Roland for an Oliver. However, I am much mis taken or G.W.O. will have something to say about the matter. Is it not about time that the com mittee of the Agricultural Society went to work and got out their programme for their next annual meeting. The date, I think, has been fixed for the 25th November, and here we are at the beginning of October. I know the President has been quietly working getting several members to join, but this is not sufficient. The sub-com mitte should meet, revise the prize list as soon as possible, and then get it placed in the hands of the public. " Selling-off" sales in West Australia are all the go just now, especially in the city of Perth, and it would delight the heart of our drapers, and storekeepers if they could only draw such crowds. A correspondent writing to a friend of mine gives the following interesting description of one of these sales. He says :-" All our shops are having sales -selling off at alarming sacrifices now, and the crushes and struggling to have the first pick of the bargains (?) offered are something terrible. Women screaming, men pushing their way through, and like we see women taking their babies to entertainments more especially to those where peace is de sirable, so do the women here take their cherubs to these sales. At one a baby was crushed to death and the'screams of the women as they were packed in the crowd trying to get in so frightened a horse that it threw a boy who was rid ing it with the result that the poor lad died on the following day from injuries received. In other places proper police protection would be provided, but here a big red-.headed peeler was deemed sufficient to keep' the crowd back until the door was opened. The poor fellow, doubtless, did his best, but alas ! When the door did open he could no more keep the excited Amazons back than a man could resist a tidal wave with a broomstick and, like a cork on an advancing breaker, he was carried backwards into the shop and got tangled up amongst a lot of rugs and blankets from which he experienced no little difficulty in extricating his burly person. By Caesar's ghost ! he had a lively time of it, but was lucky in so far that he did not land, head first, in a keg of lamp- blaclk which might sadly have interfered with the halo of those glowing locks of his." Whether the footbridge at the local railway station was erected for use or ornament is a query? At all events, during the past few evenings I could not help noticing that only one person out of about every ten '" climbed the golden stairs," the' majority preferring to cross- the rails in the old fashion, and run the risk of anything happening. I do not wonder at this, considering there is not a lamp to show people the steps, and while there is a chance of meeting with an accident crossing the line, there is just as big a chance of "' tumbling" down stairs and breaking your neck. What is really wanted is a lamp at the top of the stairs on both sides, and I trust that before long these will be placed there. In a circular issued by Mr. Owens he states that if he is successful in getting into the council he will advocate the construction of swimming baths. This matter has engaged the attention of the Progress Association before, and I imagine the subject was brought pro minently before the Shire Council. Whether Mr. Owens is successful or otherwise, I trust the. question of swimming baths will not be lost sight of. It does not require that anything very elaborate should be erected, but a place w;here boys and men could during the hot summer weather go and have a plunge would be a boon to thle inhabit ants, and the Council should take the matter in hand without delay. It -aS a. Hielahdmaii who told this story of himself :-I wass drofing two mobs of sheep at the same time, and it wass fery important that they should not be boxed, whatefer. So I gave in structions that one man should not go off watch tillhe was relieved. I got up one morning, and the two mobs wass boxed, and I wass fery mad. I sacked the man who had been on watch last, and tolt him I would giff him a goot hammering into the pargain, when I had drawn out his cheque. "You're Smaking a mistake, boss," he said to me. " I called-Jack five times, and then I had to cook your breakfast-and the lazy beggar did not get tip." "No matter 'for that,".said -I, "You'll"get your cheque, andyou'll get your ham mering," for I wass fery mad, and I didn't know how I was to draft out the sheep again. "All right boss," he said, " I'll take the cheque but, I'll take no hammerin' from you." We'll see all apout that fery soon. Take off your shirt and come outside and I'll teach you to let my sheep get boxed, you tam loafer. As soon as I saw him stripped I thought I hat made a mistake, and pefore we had had a couple of rounts I was sure of it. But I coult not giff up at once for the sake of the Hielan' bloot in me. After two more rounts I wass quite convinced that I hat done the man an injustice. So I sacked the other man and kept him on, and he wass one of the ferry best men I ever hat. He told me afterwards that he had been the champion ofthe light weights in Sydney, and I haf efery reason to pelieve it was true. " Nandewar" has picked up the fol lowing most characteristic story of a m :tn who tried hard not to swear on a station : -" He was not over-satisfied with the way shearing was going on. But he had "got religion"; and at though he would have given mnuch t rip out at the men as he used to do in the good old days, he had perforce to bottle his wrath, and, by comfparisr., speak delicately. And, to make matters worse, men were as scarce as they wi could be. Therefore, it behoved old Wesley to be careful. Sunday morni0, the bell rang all hands to 'church.' an as they had nothing better to do. they went. And, finishing up by extempore prayer, the old chap, in a measure. gt over his difficulty. "O Lord " he prayed, "Thou knowest in these hard times wool is wool, and that a few ounces per sheep makes a big difference in the end. Therefore, 0 Lord !put it into the hearts of these shearers. Thy servants, to keep down to a fair thing. Hearken unto my supplication, 0 God of Hosts ! and save the souls of these men, in peril, each day, of eternal damnation by reason of their unjust treatment of the property confided to their care. And, 0 Lord i especially keep Thine eye on Michael Sullnn William Brown, James Smith and Maurice Connor. Endue their hard hearts with righteousness and their clumsy hands with skill 0 Lord ! and for Thy servant's sake, put an end to the awful tomahawking of the last week Amen.'" 