ALL ALONG THE RIVER. CHAPTER XXXVII. I, You, and God, can Comprehend Each Other By Miss M. E. BRADDON. It was two month" after Allegro’s wed ding-day, and Martin Disney had been warned that the closing hour of the young life he had watched so tenderly not far off. It might oome to-morrow, or it might not oome for a week; or the lingering flame might go flickering on, fainting and reviving in the socket, for another month. He must hold himself prepared for the worst Death might come suddenly at the last, like a thief in the night; or by stealthy, gradual steps, and slowest progress from life to olay. He sat beside Isola’s sofa in the Homan lodging as be had sat beside her bed in that long illness at Trelasco, when her wandering mind appalled him more than her bodily weakness. He watched as faithfully as he had watched then, but this time without hope. Father Rodwell had been with her at seven o’clock upon the last three mornings, and had administered the sacrament to her and to her husband, and to the faithful Tabitha, one with them in piety and love. The priest thought that each celebration would be the last; but she rallied a little as the day wore on, and lived till sunset; lived through the long painful night, and another day dawned, and he found her waiting for him in the morning, ready to greet him with her pale smile when he appeared 'upon the threshold of her room, after going up the staircase in saddest apprehension, dreading to hear that all was over, except the funeral service and the funeral bell She insisted upon getting up and going into the drawing room, feeble as she was. Tabitha was so handy and so helpful that the fatigue of an invalid’s toilet was lightened to the uttermost Tabitha and the Colonel carried her from the bedroom to the drawing-room upon her couch, and carried the couch back to the bedside in the evening. Before noon she was lying in the sunlit salon, surrounded with flowers and photo graphs and books and newspapers, and all things that lighten the monotonous hours of sickness. Nor was companionship ever wanting, Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing patience. Upon no pretenc» would he leave her for more than half-an hour at a time—just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via de Condotti and the Oorso; just the space of a cigar in the loggia He read to her, he talked to her, he waited upon her. Tabitha and he were her only nurses; for Lottohen was a young woman of profound concentration of motive, and had early taken unto herself the motto, • One baby, one nurse.’ She conscientiously performed h»r duty to her infant charge; but she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was drawing towards the end of July ; the weather had been lovely hitherto—hot, and very hot, bat not insupportable for those who oould afford to dawdle and sleep away their midday and afternoon existence —who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings, and a carnage to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. In the suburbs of the great city, across the and Campagna yonder, at Tivoli, and Frascati, und Albano, and Castel Gandolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under Jore’n broad roof, with dancing and sports, and mnsic and feasting, and rustic, innocent kisses, snatched amidst the darkness of groves whose only lamps are fireflies—deep woods of ilex, where the nightingale sings long and late, and the grasshopper trills bis good-night through the perfnmed herbage Here, in Rome, the heat was more nppres sive, and the »pla«hing of the ciiy’e many fountains was the only relief from .he glare and dazzle of the piazza, the vivid whiteness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boulevards Blinds were lowered and shops wero shut in the blinding noon tide heat, and through the early afternoon the eternal city was almost as silent and re posefnl as the sleeping beauty—to awaken at sundown to movement, and life, and music, and singing, in lighted streets and crowded cafes. Suddenly, in the dim grey of the morning, the ilnmberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain—torrential rain, that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter, and splashed from every house top, and ran in wild cascades from every alley on the steep hillsides. The Campagna was one vast lake, illumined with vivid flashes of lightning, and the thunder pealed and reverberated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aqueducts. The tall cypresses m the Pmoian Gardens bent like saplings before that mighty wind, which seemed to howl and shriek its loudest as it came tearing down from tht hill to whittle and rave among the housetops in the Piazza di Spagos, ‘ Ooe would thmk the ghost of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the tempest,’ said Isold, as she listened to the fitful sobbing of the wind late in the dull grey afternoon, while her husband and Father Rodwell sat near her couch keeping np that sad pretence of cheerfulness which love struggles to main tain upon the very edge of the grave —the broken-hearted make-believe of those who know that death waits at the door. ‘Hark,’ she cried, 1 There comes a shrill cry every now and then like the scream of a wioked spirit in pain.’ ‘ Romeisf nil of ghosts, ’answered the priest, ' but there are the shadows of the good and the great as well as of the wicked. Walking alone in twilight on the Aventine, I should hardly be surprised to meet the spirit of Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scenes of his saintly life ; nor do I ever go into the Pantheon at dusk without half expecting to see the shade of Raffaelle. And there are others—some I knew in the flesh—Wiseman and Antnnelli, Gibson, the sculptor, consummate artist and gentlest of men—yes, Rome is fnll of the shadows of the good and the wise. One oan afford to pat up with Nero.' ‘You don’t mean me to think that you behove in ghosts ?’ asked Isols, deeply interested. It was only 5 o’clock, yet the sky was grey with the greyness of late evening Here in this land of light and sunshine there had been all day-long the_bronding gloom of storm clouds, and a sky that was dark as winter. ‘ I won’t analyse my own feelings on the subject; I will quote the words of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sit some times when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not shrank from facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world— of an invisible after existence upon the earth when the body is dust under the sod, “Is the mother of our Lord now existing? ’ he asks, and answers “ Yes L believe that all fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters are now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodies as far as we can trace her work, bat their sonls remain. So I read in Homer, in Virgil, and in the New Testament. This existence, I am permitted to believe, is a conscious and active existence ” Canon Mozley, the man who wrote those words, and much more in the same strain, was not an idle visionary. If he could afford to believe in the presence of the dead amongst us, why so can I. And I believe that Gregory the Great has whispered at the ear of many a Holy Father in the long line of his successors, and has influenced many a Car dinal’s vote, and has been an invisible power in many a council.’ ‘I like to believe in ghosts,’ said Isols, gently. ‘But I thank God those that I love are still in this life.' She held out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it tenderly, bending his lips to kiss the pale, thin fingers Oh, Death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false She had wronged him and dishonored herself, cruelly, cruelly, most cruelly; but she had suffered and repented, and she was passing away from him. Let the broken spirit pass in peace, let the fainting sonl depart in an atmosphere of love. That day wore itself out in storm and tempest, and the night came on like a fierce death struggle and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night; and again next day there were gloom and darkness, and a sky heaped with great lead colored clouds; and again the torrential ram streamed from the housetops and splashed in the streets below; a dreary day to be en dured even by the healthy and the happy— a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola’s spirits sank to the lowest depth, and for the first time since Allegra’s marriage she talked hopelessly of their separation ‘ If I eonld only see her once more before I dishe sighed. • My bel iv»d, you shall s»e her as soon as the railway oan bring her here. Remember, it is you who have forbidden me to send for her. You know how dearly she loves you— how willingly she would mine to yon. I’ll telegraph to her within half an hour.’ ‘No, no, no,’ Isola protested, hurriedly. ‘No, we oan never meet again in this world I took my farewell of her in the church. I meant it to be farewell. I was very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved It was a selfish repining that made me ask for her just now I would not have her summoned here for worlds. She is so happy at Venice—happy in her honeymoon dream. Tell her nothing Martin—nothing till you oan tell her that my days hav" ended peacefully She fans borne her burden for me in tbe past I want her to be free from all care about me—but not to forget me ’ ‘Shs will not forget, Isola. She loves yon fondly and truly ’ ‘ Yes, I am sure of that. She was dearer to me than my own sister—cared for me more than Gwendoline ever oared, though Gwen and 1 were always good friends. Poor frivolous Gwen 1 She writes me affectionate letters, hoping she may get to Italy in the autumn, though it is impos sible for her to come just now. And mother and father write to me juet in the same way mother regretting that her health won’t allow her to leave Dman; father hoping to see me in the autnmn Their letters are full of hopeful ness ’ Her husband read to her for the greater part of the long, gloomy day He read St. Thomas a Kempis for some part of the time. The book had been on the little table by her side throughout her illness He read two or three of Frederick Robertson’s sermons, and for occi sional respite from too serious thought be read her favnn e poems Adonais, Alastor, and some of Shelley’e lovely lyrics and those passages in Childe Harold which had acquired anew charm for her since she had grown familiar with Rome. ‘ Read to me about Venice,’ she said, ‘ and let me think of Allegri, and Captain Halbert. I love to fancy them gliding along those narrow, picturesque elr ets in the great, graceful, ponderous gondola I know so well It is so nice to know of their happiness— and that—they will never be parted ’ So the long summer day—without the glow and gloiy of summer—wore on, and except for her excessive languor and feeble ness there were no iodic itions that the patient’s state was any worse than it had been for some weeks. The doctor came late in the afternoon, and felt her pulse, and talked to her a little, but it was easy to see that his visit was only a formula, and that bo had no hope of doing her any good ‘Yon have such an excellent nuree, Mrs Disney, that I consider my position almost a sinecure,’ be said, smiling at the faithful Tabitha, who stood waiting for his instrno tione, and who never forgot the minntest detail Tabitha came in from the adjoining bed room every now and then, and adjusted the pillows on the sofa, and epnnk’ed eau-de- Cologne, nr fanned the invalid with i large Japanese fan, nr arranged the soft silken coverlet over her fee*-, or brought her some small refreshment jn the way of a cup of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and assisted her to take it, talking just as much or as little os seemed prudent, always careful neither to fatigue nor to excite her charge. It was between 7 and 8 in tbe evening, and them was a gloomy twilight in I h« loggia and in t no garden b ß yond The wind which had drnpp and in the afternoon, had begun to rage again, as if not only Nero but all tbe wioked emperors were abroad in the air Isola had begged that one of the windows might be opened, in spite of the tempestuous weather, and the cold damp breath of the storm crept into the room and chilled Martin Disney bb he eat by his wife’s sofa, reading a London paper that had come by the evening post. The only artificial light in tho room wae a reading-lamp at the Colonel’s elbow, shaded from the draught by the four-leaved screen which protected the invalid. lb“ gloomy grey daylight had not quite faded, and through the half-open door opposite him Martin Disney aaw the white marble wall of the staircase, and some in atone vases that stood on the spacious landing. He had been reading to Isola nearly ail day. Ho was reading to himself now, trying to forget hie own grief in the consideration of a (tiding article which presaged a Eon* pean war, and the ultimate extinction of English influence in continental politics. There was perfect stillness in the room. Isola had been lying with closed eyes a little time before, and he fancied that she was sleeping. T*ie silence had lasted for nearly an hour, broken out by the shriek of the wind, and by the chiming of the quarters from the Church of La Tnnita de’ Monte, when Colonel Disney was startled from his gloomy study by bis wife’s hand clntching his arm, and bis wife’s agitated whisper sending close to hie ear, ‘Don’t follow him ! Don’t Martin, don’t ! She had lifted herself into a sitting post tion, ehe who had not sat up for many days. The beotio bloom had faded from her cheeks and left them ashy pale. Her eyes seemed almost starting from her head, straining their gaze as if to penetrate the deepening shadows on tbe landing beyond the half open door ‘ My love, von have been dreaming,’ said Disney, soothing her with womanly gentle ness ‘ Lie down again, my poor dear. See, let me arrange the pillows and make yon qnite comfortable.’ ‘No, no! I was not dreaming, I have not been asleep. He was there; I saw him as plainly as I see yon He poshed the door a little further open and looked in at me. I saw his face in tbe lamplight, very pale.’ Disney glanced at the door involuntarily. Yes, tbs aperture was certainly wider than when be looked at it last; just as if some one’s hand bad pushed the door farther ajar. The hand of the wind, no doubt. * My dear girl, believe me, yon are dream ing. No one could have approached that doorway without my hearing them.’ ‘I have been lying awake thinking all the time yon have been reading your paper, Martin, I never had less inclination to sleep. I know that he was there looking in at me, with a smile at hie pale face. But he has gone ! Only I can’t help wondering how he came there without our hearing Ins step upon the stone stair.’ ‘ Who was it, Isola ? He knew what the answer would be. He thought her mind was wandering, and he knew there was only one image ivliich could so agitate her. ‘Lord Lostwithiel.’ * A delusion, I-a Lord Loatwithiel is far away from Rome Come, dear love, let me read to yon again, nnd Ist ns have onr good Tabitha in to oheer you with a cup of tea, nnd to brighten up the room a little. We heve been lapsing into gloom under the influence of the gloomy weather.’ He went ont of tho room on the pretence of summoning Tabitha, and having sent her to watch beside bis wife, he ran qmokly downstairs to find ont if the street door were open or closed. The door was shut and bolted. The servants on the ground floor had not opened the door to anyone after 5 o’clock There was no possibility of any stranger having entered the house since that hour. The end came that night witli an appalling suddenness. Isola had refused to be carried back to her bedroom at the usual time. She B»emsd to have a horror of going into the room, as if the shadows larking there were fnll of fear Even Father RodwelTs pre sence, which generally bad a soothing effect upon her nerves and spirits, failed to com fort her to-night. She refused to lie in her usual position, and insisted upon sitting up, supported by pillows, facing the doorway at which her fancy had evoked LostwithieTs image She would not allow the door to be shut, and there was the same strained look in her too brilliant eyes all the evening Father Rodwell read alond to her, going on with a history of St Cecelia, in which she had been warmly interested; bnt to night he could see that her thoughts were not witn the book He went on all the same, hoping that the sound of his voice might 101 l her to sleep The wind had gone down as the night advanced, and the stars were shining in the etnp of sky in tho Pinomn Gardens Colonel Disney was pacing up and down the loggia, smoking Ins pipe in the cool darkness—full of saddest apprehensions. Her mind had been wandering, eurely, when ehe had that fancy about Lostwithiel, be told himself It was something more than a dream. And then he remembered those long nights of delirium after her boy wne born—and above all, that one night, when she had fancied herself at eea in a storm, when she had tried to fling herself overboard He knew now what scene she had reacted in that delirium, what the vision was which her wandering mind had conjured out of tbe empty darkness. The priest left them before 11 o’clock, and Martin Disney sat with his wife till long after midnight Tabitha waiting quietly in the next room—before ha could persuade her to go to bed Isola wae more wakeful than usual —though her slumbers had been much broken of late—and there was a restlessness about her which im pressed her husband a« a sign of evil. ‘ls the storm over?’ ehe asked, by and bye, with her face tamed towards the loggia and the starlight above the garden, ‘ Yes, dearest, nil is calm now ’ ‘ And the boy ?’ she said, suddenly, look mg up at the ceiling above which the child slept with his nurse. ‘ He is asleep, of course ’ ‘1 hops so; I went upstairs at nine o’clock, while Father Rodwell was reading to you, and gave him my good night kiss. He was fast asleep ’ ‘ I wonder whether he will ever think of me when ho is a man,’ she said musingly. ‘0 in you doubt thit? You will be his most sacred memory ’ ‘ Ah,’ she replied, ‘ ho will never know —’ The sentence remained unfinished ‘ Will you carry me to my bed, Martin, the room begins to grow dark,’ alio said faintly ‘ I oan hardly sec your face ’ He lifted the wasted form in his arms, and carried her with tendorest care into the next mom, and to the pure white bed which had been made ready for her, the long net curtains parted, the coverlet turned down. He laid her there, as he had done many a night daring that slow and monotonous journey towards tho grave; but her gentle acknowledgment of his can fulness was wanting to-night. Her head sank upon the pillow, hor pale lips parted with a faint fluttering sigh, and all wae still. This was how the end came—suddenly, painlessly. She died like an infant sinking to sleep. Colonel Disney laid his wife in the place she had loved, the cemetery under the shadow of the old Roman wall, in a verdant corner near Shelly’s grave Burial follows death with a dreadful swift ness m that southern land, and the earth had closed over Isola before noon of the day after her death. Martin Disney waited to see the new made grave covered with summer’s lovliest blossoms before ho left the cemetery nnd went back to the house tn which ha had taken his fading wife in the lovely Itnln n springtime. He p.oed the desolate rooms, and wandered in and out between the drawingroom and the sunny bedroom, with its snowy cn't vipod bed, and 'ooked at this object and ‘ha*-, with tear dimmed eyes and an aching heart He had teli- graphed the day before to Captain Halbert at Venice, hut there had been no reply so far; and he could only sup pose that Allegra and her hu-band had left the city upon one of those excursions which his sister had described tn him as diversiying their quiet life in their rooms on the grand canal Ho had not been at home long, and his tired eyes were still dazed and blinded by the flood of sunlight which the servants had let in upon the rooms after tho funeral, when a telegram was brought to him. It was from Brindisi. ‘ Hie Enrydice went down with all hands on last night off Smyrna My brother was on board. I am on my way to Greece. If yon oan be spared go to Allegra—Hnlbert.’ Martin Disney know later that it was be tween 7 and 8 o’clock that the Enrydice attack upon a rook, and every toul on board her perished The boy and his nurse went baok to Tre lasoo under Tabitha’s escort, and were fol lowed to Cornwall soon afterwarda by the new Lord Loatwithiel and hie wife, who established themselves at the Mount, to the great satisfaction of the neighborhood, where it was felt that the local nobleman had now become a permanent institution. Allegra and her husband took Martin Dis ney’s ann under their protection in tho absence nf his father, vv ho was fighting in tbe Soadan, and who did not revisit the Anglers’ Nest till two yssrs after bis wife’s death, whin fat re tamed, honorably distinguished by his services, a V C., and a broken man; returned to live a tranquil life among the books in the library which he had built for himself, and to watch the growth of his son, whose every look and tone recalled the image of his dead wife. Sometimes, on drowsy summer after uoons, smoking his pipe under the tulip tree, while the Fowey river rippled by in the sunshine, it seemed to him as if Isola’s pensive loveliness, and the years that he had lived with her, and the tears that he had shed for her, and the infinite pity which had blotted out all sense of his deep wrong, were only thn transient phases of one long melancholy dream—the dream of a love that was never returned, ‘And yet, and yet,’ he said to himself, after lengthened meditation, with unseeing eyes fixed upon the movement of the tide, ‘I think she loved me I think her heart was mine from the hour her tears welcomed me back to this house, until her last sigh. God help all young wives whom their hus bands leave alone in their youth and beauty to stand or fall m the hour of tempta tion.’ Idly exploring the contents of the secre taire in the drawingroom one day, Martin Disney found the telegraphic message which his wife had written —and left unseat—before the hunt ball [The End ] 