The Adventures ol'Paul Loringv BY H. W. JOCELYN. Part II. CHAPTER. VII. A Daiieo nt Lorin? Park. "A 'letter from Nora Harris," exclaim Ruth Mitchell, in accents of surprise a pleasure; as sue took her place at breakft tiie morning after the visit ol' Mr. John Pa to Sliver Square. She eagerly took im t er.ve ope lying on her plate,' anil, basti opening it, exclaimed: , aI1 tWngs ia ihQ world, ino thea -IBU t at strange!-here's Nora Harris- war me to go down to Surrey and stay a fe days with her, mentioning «s a special j au cement-'I want you to go with us to Mi Loring's dance the day after to- morro .bü¿ has not long been married, hut she is charming hostess, and I am quite in lo with her already.- Aunt Bella has a gen ral invitation for herself and her househol and she joins me In begging you to be h guest .for. a few days.' What do you sa mother dear-ought I to go?" Mr. Mitchell entered the room before ii wife had time to reply, and Nora's lott had to be read again for his benefit. "A strange coincidence, upon my- word ho said. "Yes, indeed," said Ruth. "I didn't ev« know that Nora had an aunt living in Su rey. But what ought I-to do?" she adde doubtfully. "Why shouldn't you go?" replied Mr Mitchell, cheerfully. "The change woul do you good, and you always elijoy bein with Nora." :\ "Well, you soe, mother, I confess to a coi siderable amount of curiosity wiüi.regar to Mr. and Mrs. Loring, and I feel rather ii if I should be 'playing the spy. I don know if it would be quite fair." > "I think you are over-scrupulous, m dear," said her father. "You must remen ber that I have as yet no reason to belicv my young client's story, aud if he turns ot to bo an impostor--" "An impostor, papa!" .interrupted Rut! with heightened color. "Surely you don think that conceivable! If ever a man lool ed honest and trustworthy, he does. I bc lievo myself there's a terrible mistake some where, tnough I'm not very clear where i lies. But if you and mother see no objec lion, I think I should like to go." "Very well, my dear; send a wire to ac cept. Have you plenty of finery? Let' see. you haven't applied to your banker to ages: here's something to keep you going, taking a crisp Bank of England note frou his pocket-book as he spoke. "You're a darling," said his daugbtei jumping up and kissing him; "I wish al girls had a father like mine." "There, that'll do," said her father, good hun- oredly.. "Give me some coffee, I'm lat this morning, and I've a lot to do to-day." The following afternoon Ruth was met a the little wayside station in Surrey by he formei schoolfellow, Nora Haris, whence < fat pony conveyed, the two' girls, chattinj merrily, to Miss Winter's substantial-look ing house. "Aunt Bella is at one of her endless com mittee meetings," said Nora, "and Ann Louise is on a visit to some friends in tb< north, so we must look after ourselves foi the present. I'm dying for some tea, and so I'm sure, are you. I'll have it taken up t< your room, and AVG can talk AAr'hile you ge out your dress for to-night." The two girls Avere soon established com fortably in Ruth's room, and Nora, a rea chatter-box, Avas pouring out a flood of mis cellaneous information to the accompani ment of tinkling tea-cups, till the words "dance at Loring Turk" gave Ruth thc chance she wanted. "Tell me about the Lo rings," she said: "I've heard about them in London." "I don't knoAV much about them," replied Nora, "but, of course, every one has heard, with, variations, the story of the adventures of Paul Loring." "Tell me your version," begged Ruth. "Well," said Nora,. "I don't know the . de tails1, but I understand ho Avas monarch of all he surveyed on a desert island some Avhere off the coast of Australia; there he Avas picked up by a passing ship, and taken to one of itbe South Sea Islands. After a chequered career, in which he narrowly es: caped being eaten alive as a missionary by the semi-civilised savages of those parts/ he was finally landed in London, when he was recognised as 'the long- lost son of old John Loring, and heir to his estates in Surrey. Whether, like 'Box* or 'Cox,' he was known by the absence of a strawberry mark on his left arm; or whether, parchment being re garded as Avantitig in nutrition even by sav age it>-cures, he had ina naged lo secrete the necessary documents, history sayeth not, .and this A^eraciotts historian car.etli not. Tho main point is that he and his wife do a lot of entertaining, and, as I told you in my let ter, I'm desperately in love with her." "Your story, though sketchy, is distinctly entertaining," said Ruth, laughing; "but, sc riously now; tell me, has Mr. Loring's title never been disputed?" "Not as far as the prisoner is aware on, my Iud." replied Nora, gravely; "but I. don't myself know why a now heir shouldn't turn up every month. , That's merely my igno rance, ko weArer. What are you. going to wear to-.uiglit??' she wont on with feminine inconsequence', und the subject ol' Paul Lor ing's adventures was exchanged for a chat about frills and fashions. . .*. 'The same evening "Nora and Ruth accdm« panied Miss Winter to Loring Park, where a brilliant scene awaited" them. ' Electric lights gleamed through the trees-and lighted the drive as they entered the lodge gates, the steps leading to the hall door were carpeted, and the hall itself was:-a mass of beautiful flowers. The large ballroom twinkled wi fir lights^ and 'the inviting strains of the band sounded cheerfully through- the house. The large conservatory adjoining the house Avas titted with cosy lounges, . and fountains sparkled in tho pleasantly-shaded light. When they had disposed of their'-wraps they were shown in to the drawing-room, where they were received by their hostess. Mrs. Loring greeted them cordially, andhop'ed they .had not found the drive cold and tedious, but other guests followed them rapidly, and ..they passed through the folding-doors into ...the ballroom, Avhence a glimpse could be ob tained of the conservatory beyond. Nora's progamme was soon full, but Ruth said she -was a little tired af ter her 'journey, and beg-' .. ged not to, be overwhelmed with introduc tions; she. enjoyed looking on, she assured her friend, and .-meant to-keep a careful eye on her during the evening. Later in the evening it happened that- Mrs. Loriug's quick eye perceived one of ker guests, AAIIIOSC; face did not seem to be familiar to her, sit ting quietly beside Miss Winter, Avho was talking eagerly and rather noisily to a stout matron, one of the adA'Ocailes of the cause of Women's franchise so dear to tile heart of the public-spirited spinster. . Doris crossed the room, and ¿aid, with an air of cha ruling solicitude, "You're not dancing, 1 see; mayn't I find .you a partner?" : Ruth rose to her foot. ' "Thank you, Mrs. Loring," she replied; "the truth is 1 only arrived this afternoon from London, a ntl I prefer not to dance to night. I enjoy looking on, however, at such . a bright and pretty sight." "Have you seen the conservatory ?" asked her hostess. "I am fond of flowers at all times, but. flowers at night seem to have a peculiar fascination for me. There tis some thing, fairylike about the green leaves and colored blossoms seen by artificial light, though it, sounds rather childish to say so." "I quite agree AA'ith you," replied Ruth, eagerly. "Not only are many floAvers more fragrant at night, but there is-a, suggestion of mystery, almost of unreality, hidden among their half-sleeping, petals Avlien seen in a dim light." "That's just AA'ha.t I feel," said Doris, "but 1 never said it to anyone before. - Gome into the conservatory, and see if you like the A\\*ay we have arranged the lights." "I ought not to monopolise you," ; said Ruth, doubtfully. "Am I not. taking you away from other and moro important guests" "I don't recognise distinctions of that kind among my guests," ? replied Mi's. Loring, laughing; "any way, I've done my duty all the evening, and I have the right to please myself. It will be kind of you to give me an excuse for a little rest." So saying, she led her willing guest to Avards the door of the conservatory, and af ter a short tour of inspection the two women «at down on a low; couch sheltered from A'iew by some tall palms. Ruth felt unaccount ably fascinated by this gracious young crea ture, with her sweet face aud dark, dreamy eyes, in which some shadow seemed to lie. The slim figure in the soft, sheeny satin of purest AA'hite, a simple pearl necklet round the delicate throat, and a white rosebud in the dark hair, seemed to speak of youth and innocent gaiety. But still the sugges tion of sadness lurked somewhere, though AVhether it'were in tho wistful droop of the mouth or eyelids or the pose of the graceful figuro Ruth could not tell. She tried to ' IhroAV. off the strange'-sensation which held hoi' so unaccountably, and to talk of ordina ry topics, but 'the words would not come, till presently Doris broke the spell by saying Avith a soft laugh: "I have often tried to picture the lives of the people to Avhom this place belonged; it seems curious to inhabit a house which was untenanted for so many years. I almost feel as if our coming must have disturbed the ancestral ghosts who had held undisput ed possession for a whole generation," . Ruth smiled sympathetically. "It seems strange that so beautiful a place should have been left empty so long. I suppose old Mr. Loring did not like the idea of letting it to strangers." , , ' "I leno AV very little about the last occu pants,'.' replied Doris. "My husband hardly ever speaks of his parents, but the old wo man at the lodge says there is a tradition that ill-luck always comes to any one bving at I'/oring Park who does not bear the name of Loring. She repeated a queer bit of, ? 'rhyme to.nu; ou that subject once, lt ran «iiiiuM'b'iiifí -.liU'e this Til-luck betide the stranger hold Who ventures Loring Park to hold, Let Loring hold what Loring won, - And passât down from son topsoil." "Ah. Doris! here you are at last," said a de ip voice. ; , , . Doris started violently. "Oh, Paul, how von startled me," she said, timidly. , ' "I "beg a thousand pardons for my abrupt ness, darling; but I missed you, and have; been looking eAreryAvhere for you." "My husband, Mr. Loring," began Dons, dud then hesitated a moment. "I beg your pardon, but Miss Winter told me she was bringing a great friend of her niece's,' with out mentioning your name, arid T did not catch it when you were annouced." '.'My name is Ruth Mitchell," said the other, gravely, and looking straight .into the eyes of her host. ' : He averted his eyes as he .made a ceremonious how; his face pale and ^expressionless. Doris watching him, felt a sudden unaccountable ¡pang at ber heart, and her sniall hands clasped one another tightly. .The atmosphere seemed to all three of,them as if heavily charged, with electrici ty; and there fell that sudden stillness which o I'ten precedes a thunderstorm. Mrs. Döring was the first to recover herself-a'protecting Instinct in a moment of impending danger seemed to urge her to speak. - - ?? 1 "Won't you take Miss Mitchell to have some supper, Paul?" she asked, steadily.. "There seems, to be a lull in the music, and I must go and look af ter my guests,", and with a. faint smile she nodded hastily, and left the conservatory. - ^ "What a beautiful "woman she is!" ex claimed Ruth, half unconsciously. "I am sure her character is as beautiful as her. features." The face of the man at her side'brightened instantly. - "Yoi are right, Miss Mitchell: I don't be lieve there's a sweeter creature on earth than my wife," and h is voice lingered caress ingly over the last two words.. "But come, let us do her bidding; allow me to take you to the supper- room." Ho offered his arm as ho spoke, and Ruth took it with the best grace she could muster, though she was conscious of a sense of re pugnance to the husband as strong as the fascination exercised by his wife. "Have you been long with Miss Winter?" asked her companion, as he found her a seat at a small table in the supper-room. "I only arrived from London this after noon," was the quiet reply. "Excuse my asking you. Miss Mitchell, but are you any relation of Mr. Mitchell, of Messrs. Peterson, Mitchell, and Company': The name is not uncommon, but Mr. Mit chell-I mean-I have heard of Mr. Mitchell since my arrival in England." Ile spoke with assumed carelessness, but Ruth fancied an underlying agitation, anc replied coldly: "He;is my father." He made no further comment,* but attend ed .assiduously to her wants, Avhilo Ru tl made- a pretence of eating and drinking," anc soon asked to be taken back to Miss Winter She feltstrangely sha Icon; she, who was gene rally so sensible and free from fauoics seemed conscious of a causeless depressku which she could not shake off. and sheAvasre lieved Avheu Miss Winier announced that i Avas high time they Avore starting for home and carried off NOVA determinedly, notwith standing her protestations that she was en gaged for three more dances. 