A GODD~ESS IN EXILE. [By PHILIP S. W?ARNE.) CHAPTER VI.--(Uontinuedl.) He had been careful to bind Max with his breast against the spar, and his arms thrown over it, so that he foated head and shoulders out of water, the broken cross- tree "giving a comparatively stable equilibrium to the float, so that it preserved him' in this upright position. As Perkins had calculated, this con spicuous object riveted Horace's eye, so thet he did not see the man swim ming low down in the water. So from the dead Max, Horace came to the living Max, and the intriguing 'valet held the only clue that distin guished the one from the other. 'Mlax, Max, what is the meaning of this?' cried the sorely perplexed Horace. And though that Max had remained deaf to his appeal, this Max roused suffciently to open his eyes and gaze vacantly at his rescuer. 'He is alive- alive-thank God!' tried Horace, naturally, with faith born of hope, believing that the living Max was his Max. Thinking it safer to take both spar and man in tow than to impose a double burden on his nobly struggling horse, Horace caught the end of the rope and headed for the shore. • Gallantly the spirited animal swam, emerging with a snort of defiance from the billows that broke over his head. A moment he floundered in the surf, then, gaining his footing, he sprang up the l?each, while the spar and its helpless -freight were rolled over and over by the. tumbling breakers. Leaving his horse trembling, sneez ing, pawing the sand, and tossing his head in excitement, Horace cut the lashing of the living Max, and laid him beside his dead counterpart. 'Heavens!' he cried, startled by the wonderful resemblance. ''If they were to be changed while my back was turned I could not tell them apart.' Meanwhile, the man who alone held the.clew had swum ashore, just beyond a line of rocks which ran down into the sea, dividing the beach, and * affording him a covert from which to peer forth upon that strange scene, in which was to be established the identity of an honest man and an arrant knave. From a small flask which he carried \- for cases of emergency Horace poured some brandy down the throat of the now unconscious man, and began to chafe and beat his hands. Ere long he opened his eyes, rose to a sitting pos ture, and with a shudder discovered his dead double. The supreme moment was at hand. Horace remainedsilent, in a terrible suspense. The eyes of the living Max next turned upon him-at first with dull bewilderment, then suddenly lighting with recognition; and, extending his hand, he cried, in wonder: * Horace! Horace!' 'Thank God! thank God !' was the fervent response, as, convinced by this recognition that the living man was indeed his friend, Horace Warwick, grasped the proffered hand, scarcely able to restrain tears of gladness. How could he know that convict Max had not studied his photograph, and got thoroughly acquainted with him through his letters to the true Max and the diary of the latter, but had actually followed after and seen him during Max's last visit, when fate presented him to the two sisters under such diverse circumstances; so that the impostor was as well quali fied to recognise him as was his old college chum. Knowing nothing of this, he went on: 'Oh Max! my dear fellow i feel as if a brother were restored to me. I can never describe the pain I felt when I came upon that body, and thought that it was you, lying there cold and dead. But, in Heaven's name, who is it that resembles you so closely? I never heard you speak of having a twin brother. But the resemblance nay, the identity-is wonderful, start ling, even in twins.' The living Max turned to his dead counterpart with a bone-searching shudder. It must have been to him like looking upon one's self in death. ' Are you sure that he is dead?' asked he. ' Unquestionably,' replied Horace. Then in a voice of sad solemnity, the living Max said: • . ' Perhaps it is well. He. was my brother, but not a twin-not even by the same mother-God forbid!' as if this were wrung from him by the sanctity of that mother's memory. ' I can tell you only this-there was much that was blameworthy in his life, but also much that was unfor tunate. May a merciful God judge him leniently.' Thus spake the living; and the dead did not rise up in judgment against him. From his covert the false valet chuckled : ''E'll win. 'E beats the devil !' Would he win ? Or, when he came to claim Agatha Malden's caress, would love, guided by woman's in stinct, reverse the decision of friend. ship ? CHAPTER VII. THE PLOTTERS. The curtain rises on a scene of shadows; a large room, with bare, waxed floor and wainscoted walls, against which hang paintings, some of them so dark with age that in the dim light we can scarcely distinguish the penciled lineaments. They are por. traits of men with fine, intellectual faces and women of high-bred, aristocratic beauty. One would say at a glance: 'These are the ancestors of some Englishman, proud of his line.' The antique furniture, looking scant because of the size of the room, must be two or three hundred years old, plainly of the most costly and elegant of its day. At one end of the room is a large fireplace--so large, indeed, that it forms a recess which might almost be called a room, by itself. This, with its huge brass fre.dogs and accom panying furniture, is plainly a remi niscence of old England, and has little in keeping with the tropical clime in which we find it. Nevertheless, the chill November storm that is raging without makes welcome the wood fre that blazes on the hearth. Before this fireplace the bare floor is covered with a large, square drug get, in the centre of which stands a table, which in turn bears a lamp scarcely adequate to dispel the shadows of so vast a room. Beside this table, in a high-backed chair of the Queen Anne pattern, and with a cushion beneath her foot, is seated a lady, in one way in perfect keeping with her surroundings. Though small in stature, in stateliness she rivals the haughtiest of those painted duchesses, around ?'hom she looks with a glance which shows her pride in them. Yet, though they are English, she is as distinctively Spanish, the care with which she preserves her nation ality in every detail of dress showing that she is proud of that, too. But at the moment when introduced to the reader pride was not dominant in Donna Catalina's emotions. She sat waiting, with a scant patience which showed that she was little used to attending the convenience of others. Don Felipe and Dr. Reinhardt en tered, the former throwing himself into a chair without a word, the latter bowing low, with: 'Senora, my respect.' The lady waved him to a seat, a little impatiently. Then, turning to her son, she asked: 'Well, who is this that you have brought here--here, of. all places in the world? .Do you want spies among us? And, having .proceeded without consulting me, you have kept me wait ing your pleasure.' Ignoring the last part of her speech, Don Felipe replied, somewhat dog gedly : 'My lady mother, we may be com pelled to admit this spy.' 'How? Compelled?' repeated the lady, instant resistance as well as astonishment flashing from her black eyes. * 'hA!' uttered the German, 'I hat not time to question you of dis dot seem to me fraught mit dancher. Vy shall she come by us, veil de house of yonder peoples iss open--ah !' Don Felipe shuddered as he began to explain. 'Luckily for us, I was first on the beach, and launched the boat with only our people in it. We reached the reef just before the vessel struck. A few minutes later I saw an object floating in the water, which proved to be a man and a woman. The woman we lifted into the boat. She is in yonder room. The man might have been saved, too--' 'But was not? Why?' burst forth Donna Catalina, taking the contagion of her son's agitation. Don Felipe rose to his feet, his face ghastly pale, his eyes ablaze with horror, and perhaps fear. 'He was conscious --he grasped the side of the boat,' he went on, not seeming to heed the interruption. 'When I would have seized him by the shoulder, he tossed his dripping hair out of his eyes, and looked at me. That look--it burned into my very soul. 'Saved by you?' he shouted. 'Never!' And letting go his hold on the boat, he sank into the sea.' And, with a shudder, Don Felipe covered his eyes with his hand. Himmel !' cried the German, spring ing to his feet. Donna Catalina kicked the cushion from beneath her feet, but did not rise. Only her hand grasped the edge of the table convulsively. 'Speak--speak!' she cried. 'Who was it ? Who hated you like that ?' 'Who but one ?' asked Don Felipe. 'James Maxwell Fenton.' 'Donna!' ejaculated Dr. Rein hardt. Don Felipe began to pace the room, his face twitching, his eyes seeming to shrink from the shadows in the distant angles of the apart. went. Donna Catalina sat bolt upright, following her son with her eyes. 'And he is dead?' she said, pre. sently, in a husky voice. 'Dead ?' repeated Don Felipe, stop ping abruptly in his excited walk. 'Santos dios ! he will never be dead to me. He rode at my elbow all through the woods to-night. Turn which way I will-' 'Ach--folly l' interrupted the doctor, stamping his foot impatiently. 'Let us haf no nonsense. He iss deat! He iss deat. Dot simplifies de matter. If he shall fint amusement in peeping at us from the shattows- puff !' And the German snapped his fingers to show his contempt for supernatural persecution. 'If he is indeed dead, we have nothing more to fear,' ventured Donna Catalina. ' Maldita!' cried Don Felipe, turn ing upon them fiercely. 'You did not see his looks.' 'Looks! looks! Ach! vat iss dot? Moonshine !' scoffed Dr. fReinhardt. Drawing his huge cotton handker chief from.. his pocket, he blew a •sounding-blast from his trumpet-dike nose. Then, affectionately tapping the lid of his capacious snuff-box, he re fortified with" pinch after pinch of its contents. 'Come!' he cried, slapping Don Felipe on the back. 'You haf stoot up before lead. Dot make someding mit you, offlit hit you--no? But dot ghost--dot bugaboo dot frighten children--dot t'row you in hysteric, eh? Ha, ha! You are a fine fel low.' Don Felipe flushed angrily, but his retort was cut short by the voice of Donna Catalina, who beat the table impatiently with her hand, crying: 'But what has all this to do with the woman whom you have brought here ?' 'Ah, dot make sometinks,' cried Dr:" Reinhardt, tapping his nose and bobbing his head sagely. 'Vo mans-vomans that iss no shattow. Gott in Himmel, dot iss de very teffel--. Ach, my donderhead. Your pardon, Donna Catalina,' he apolo gised, thumping his head with his fat fist, and bowing low before the lady. She only frowned impatiently, ig noring him, and keeping her little black eyes on her son. 'What has all this to do with the woman?' repeated Don Felipe. 'Who is she ?' 'Dio mio--how should I know?' cried the lady, seeing that he paused. 'What do I care? She is a gossiping jade who will betray us. That is enough for me.' 'Stop. What was she to him?' pursued Don Felipe. 'Ah !' aspirated Dr. lReinhardt. Donna Catalina stared and half rose from her chair, plainly startled by the question. 'Let us suppose his wife,' sug gested Don Felipe. With a gasping aspiration, as if stung, his lady mother sank back into her chair, breathless, her sallow face looking like parchment. 'His v'ife?' cried Dr. Reinhardt, aghast. He was the first to recover self possession, and, lapsing naturally into choler, he cried: 'Ach-yat iss dott ? y his wife?' 'Who is she ? Why was he bring ing her here ?' demanded Don Felipe. 'Buff!1' scoffed the German. 'Dot make notting. Mdaylpee he don't pring her here. Maypse she come her sel luff. Hiss vife? Ach, Gott!, She iss de" captain's vife--my 'ife--your vife-Donna Catalina's vife. Nein, nein--dot make notting.' And he shook his head like some huge water-dog, and stamping about the room as if determined to destroy the unwelcome possibility by refusing to entertain it. 'No, no, she cannot be his wife,' breathed Donna Oatalina, in a way which showed that the wish was parent to the hope. 'Do you take me for a child ?' cried Don Felipe, angrily. 'If you had seen the desperation with which he clung to her, himself half drowned- the tenderness with which he handed her up to us, while he was yet strug gling-' 'Vell, veil,' interrupted Dr. Rein hardt, roughly. 'She iss hiss vife. Vat den? Donnerwetter. He iss deat--she iss in our power. Ve haf respect for him--ve haf no lofe for.her. She iss a stranger. Ve not go to her -she come to us. So much de vorse for her. Ach, Gott in Himmel! She is, hiss vile. 'Vell, veil. Will she balkus? PiU.' (To bae continud.) . 