THE BUNTINE WILL IS IT VALID? QUESTION FOR THE COUPT- CLOSE OF THE CASE. HIS HONOR GIVES JUDGMENT' THE WILL UPSET. THE "ARMY" LOSES. AN INTERESTING SUMMARY. SALVATIONISTS EXCULPATED. NO UNDUE INFLUENCE. WHY THE WILL IS BAD? THOSE RELtGlOUS DELUSIONS. MRS. BUNTINE'3 SEPARATE PROPERTY. A CHARITABLE VIEW, TO TAKE. HALLUCINATIONS HINTED AT. The cult to set aside the will of Robert Uuntlnc, deccatmd, was continued in the IJunco Court to-day, before Mr Justice A'Ceckctt. Mr Purvcs, Q.C., and Mr Schult (In- structed by Messrs Glllott, Dates and Motr) appeared for the caveator, John H. Duntlne; Mr Duffy and Mr PIgott (In structed by Messrs Maddock, Johnson and Jnmleson) for the executors. Mr Duffy continued his addrcxs to the Court on behalf of the proponents. Ho spoke of the decqascd's references to the devil, and said that they might be taken as merely utterances in Biblical lan guage, or as expressions of a belief In 11 personal devil. Neither of these would be Indicative of Insanity, for sane persons had n belief In the existence of a personal devil. On this point he quoted remarks by Ills Honor during the hear ing to tlie effect that there was no doubt that, after lie Joined the Salvation Army, Uuntlnc beeuinc such a religious en thusiast ns to be an Intolerable nuis ance. Counsel read a passage from one of Macaulny's essays, wherein various beliefs were referred to, and among them It was stated that though Johnson refused to betjeve In the earthquake at Lislion he believed In the Cock Lane ghosts. The third view that might be taken of deceased's expressions wan that he really believed that hts wife and family were devils, and, In that cose, there might be no doubt as to bis being Insane.' It was contended, however, that tho correct view to be accept from the evidence was that Buntlne simply uacd Salvation Army or Biblical lan guage In hts everyday conversation. Not one of tils family, or of bis old as sociates, bad said that deceased had ever exprcsBed any fear of hiti family or any doubt hut that they were his child ren, though he had frequently said that he and they were on 111 terms. On this point then; was the uvldencu of Drs. Drown, M'Donald and Gordon; hut Dra. Drown and Gordon did not profess to give tlielr evidence nn experts. Dr. M'Donald said a good many utnuigo things, hut he did not.suy that Duntlne did not know the Individuals of his family or their claims upon lilin. The doctor was struck by certain expres sions of jcllgious beliefs. A man might even exercise Judicial functions In di vorce and probate, and yet worship at the shrine of these beliefs, and no one would say that lie was, therefore, not capable of making a will or disposing of his property. Mr Purvey; DuL they wouldn't sec tlie. devil. Mr Duffy: No one saw tho devil but the learned gentleman on tho other side. (Laughter.) -When the deceased told the doctor that he laul had a letter from hlH (Duntlne's) brother, and the brother wius one of tho devil's lot, the doctor did not think, "Poor deluded wretch," but wild to him, "You scoundrel, your hroLhor is a better aaid more honest man than you are," thus clearly showing what was hts opinion of tho deceased's mind at the time, lie (Mr Duffy) would freely admit, for himself, that he had many times wild and done things which, If Uioy were brought out by themselves, would Indicate htm an a mnn unfit to make a will, but what they lind to con sider In these cases was a man's gene ral conduct. On this point Mr Duffy reviewed the evidence at considerable length, arguing that overy action and expreoslon of the Uecenned showed that he merely sjmke In Rlbtlcal language, ami felt that he had been badly umxi by bis family, besides being deeply annoyed at the refusal of his wife and family to believe ns ho believed In religious mat ters. And all the Ume he was making presents tp his children up to tho time of his death, and acting kindly to! them, and the only complaint the; dying man made was that he : uiougm me religion of his eldest son. the Presbyterian minister woh a delusion. Even at Uio very Inst, he said that he would like to show his love to his family by leaving thom one of tho paddocks, and then It was that thu codi cil was executed. No doubt, he had been filled with Indignation, but that was swept away by family uffectlon. It might have been his fault that he quar relled with his family, but the result was that he was left a desolate man for years. The Salvation Army had heen attacked In the opening speech, In Uio way the case had been conducted, tuid In putting that unfortunate woman, Mrs Rutt, Into the box, which could have no other object thun to throw mud nt tlio Arms'. He, therefore, asked Ills Honor lo express himself clearly ns to the Army's action In this case. 