BIDDY HcEEEN’S SMILE Remember Blldy ? Why, yes, I should rather think Ido! She was wit h as when we were stationed in Liverpool, and had yon oomfortable house in Prince’s Head. She was one of the nioest servants I had ever had. Besides being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestics. Ah, she was a perfect treasure 1 It was an U1 day for mo when Biddy smiled. Yes, we took Biddy with ns when we were trans ferred from Cork, Sho never bothered about rights out or holidays. If she get ont once a we ok to early masB, from wbloh she waa always homo in time to prepare oight o'clook breakfast, and once to ohapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Bame'ese, and I had ar ranged to have painters in to do np the drawing-room dnring his absenos, when Biddy aBkod if she oonid have a week’s holiday to go down to Csrk to visit her own people, and attend her eldest brother’s wedding at CarrigaHns. “ Sore, mem, if it waa to be after putting yo about at all It’a not for going I wonid be, but seein' the matter is to be away, and thlm painters cornin' metsin’ around, so as yo can’t have a bit o' dacent company to divert yoursllf, thinks I te meself, ' Sure, Biddy, jnst nx the mlssns. If it is not to her mind she oan bnt refuse, for sore.’ ” I waa only too pleased that things fitted in so well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore imagice my surprise, whan, just that day week, Janet, our tall prim Scotoh table-maid, opened the morn ing-room doer, and said— “ Pleaao, mem, here’e Biddy 1” I was surprised to observe the ghost of a smile hover aronnd Janet’s lips, a most unusual ooourrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, Bare enough, Btood Biddy, be deoked in a sky-bine silk gown, a black velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with geo-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gor gcons to behold, with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a perfeot garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a moment I gazed In astonishment j then I said— “ Well, Biddy, yon are what the Saotch call1 unoo braw ’ ? I hope that yen have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect yon before Friday. It was good of yon to come baok as soon as yon oonid!’’ " Plase, mem, I’ve not oome baok,” said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather gnllty, "Not oome baok!" I cried, laughing, "Why, Biddy, It’a a self-evident fact that yen have come baok !” II Yea, mem,’says Biddy meekly; "bnt not to stop, if ye plase." " Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy 1" asked I, utterly at a losr. Biddy looked down at the Hoor, then up at the celling, and then down at the floor Once mere; twisted a voluminous white muslin pooket-handkerobfef — mnob be starched—into a round ball as if she were making dumplings, then blurted ont the astennding information— " Sore, mem, I can’t stop wld yen, for I have took a man !" "Took a man ! Biddy, do yon mean to tell me you have gone' and got married !” " Yes, if yon plase, mem.” And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve Into tears. . "Biddy,”said I wrathfully, "lam dis appointed in yon I Te go and deceive me in this way ! Why did yon not honestly tell me yon were getting married ? I cenld have been looking ont for someone to fill your place.” " Oh, mem! I never went for to deoave ye. No, plase hear me, Sure, I got mar ried unbeknown-like to meself.” " Nonsense, Biddy 1 Yon should be ashamed of yonraelf," said I, angrily. " By all the blersed saints it'* the truth I am after telling ye, mem 1 Snro, I never seed Terenoe O'Malley before I left this bouse last week, as suro as pigs is pigs 1” There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. "Come, then; sit down and explain matters, Biddy,” " Yes, mem, and thank je kindly.” And Biddy mopped her eyos ahd the whole of her good-humoured oountenanoe, and commenced— " Sure, then, I was jnst after taking me tloket for Cork, and aome rough, ooarae drover-boys were squeezing me ont of their road—bad Inok to their ill- mannera I—when a well-pat-on yonng man afore me, sayB he, ‘ Young woman, here ye are; slip In and be afeergettin’ yet tloket, and I'll keep they cattle-boys off ye I’ Snre, glad waa I to do at he bid; and as I gathered np me ehange I looks over me ahonlder. ‘Thank ye kindly,’ said I wld a smile, Snre, oonid I -do less, I ax ye, mum 7” “ No—oh, ne.” “ 1 Bore, then,’ says he, at’ me baok, * I like year smile,’ says he. " So I looks round, and, I amlled agin I Ye be going to Cork!' laid he. " ' For sure,’says I. <“S3‘is meself,’say* he. "' Indeed 1’ says I. " 'Yes; then on to Carrlgaline,' says he. " ‘ Indeed 7’nyi L “ ‘ To me slater's widdin’. Shebgeitin* one Mat MoKeen.’ "•Never I’ says I. "-‘For aore I’ says he. " ' Why, he la me brudder,' says L “1 Never 1' says her •“Ye*.'says I. si < Shake band* 1’ lays he. ‘“With pleasure,' lays I, 'And rare, now, la not that all about It, mam 7 We waa nanrMfMtwdajr.’” 