THE BAY GF REST. THE DOCTRINE OF THE HOLY TRINITY. B" BASIL WnBErtron.CE. D.D., Canon of Westminster. • feel after Him and find Him—He is not far from everyone of ui—in Him we live and move and have ourbeine. . . . FT we are also His offspring Aids xvii. 27. Ope of the profoundest thinkers oE our day, commenting: upon the passage I have here quoted, says:—" We cannot grasp Ljundlessness; but it ought to be clear to our roason that there is one whose prerogative is boundlessness of thought and knowledge; a soul wliich knows how to do things, fro:n the construction of solar system^ to the building <jf birds' nests, pervades the universe and ma kes it one. The perfection of the Divine Spirit is revealed in the exquisite relation of sun and planets, in the bee and its work, in the ant aud its prevision, in every bell of the lily, and every drop of rain. And unsearchable, incommunicable as is the Infinife, the ' All in AIL' His greatness is for us all, house and home for as all. around us all, in us all—one all-containing Soul, Life, Iiove." This day. Trinity Sunday, is the peculiar festival <Ly of tliis '' one aU- ( containing Soul, Life, L-JVO," whose interior being no mortal mind caii fathom, but whom we we bidden to "feel after and find." No man,therefore, can be accused of "rushing in where angels fear tc^rsad" if he "feels after," «jd in a pleasure " Suds"this universal Parent Spirit, as the blind man feels after and finds the fipft AS the rosebud feels after and finds the sunshine, as the infant feels after and finds the bpeom of its mother ' St P«tl eaid, '' Some have not the knowledge of God, "and he added somewhat reproachfully, "I speak this to your shame." as if implying that a human life una wakened to the truth of Divine Fatherhood is greatly impoverished and perilously lacking in the highest motives to ricfht action. To-day we : commemorate and reatiirm the order of thought in.whioh the interior .nature of the Supreme _&U-ptodutang; Intelligence has been unfolded ' .to the' mind of man. To-day the God whom Ye areiidden to " feel after and find" is dog insiicaUy declared to be a Tbreeness in Unity. Not athreeness locally or mechanically distinct, but a Tlireeaess so essentially interfused .. aa.to be inconceivable if its perfect nnity is questioned. Not a threeness gradually evolved, ' 'gad At a definite time assumed, as if the Supreme Intelligence after a period begat the Word, and after a further period aent forth the Spirit; but a threeness which has been datelesslv and eternally •alwars and unalter- ^lyiFhree. The word " Trinity" is entirely human and therefore inadequate and Scripturallyunauthorized, but it is sufficiently appropriate. It interprets the sacred mysteries of the (extinguished «ges, it concretes the intuitive perceptions ,and affirmations of God disujverable in the God-ward thoughts of AXsn ^thousands of years ago. The names Fp&er;, Son, and Holy Ghost ar^ Scriptural, •nd axe revealed accoirmodations to the mind : of finite man of the several operations towards humanity of the universal Parent Spirit in wbpm "we live and move and have our being." There is nothing disrespectful to the definitions and conclusions of the strong ' tijinkars of the past in saying that u;»n no \- <Jogm».of the Catholic Church has the illumin^tingnky of the Teaching Spirit fallen with gfesbgf power th&nupon; the Divine formula wfrich expresses the doctrine of the Trinity, clewing it of much intelleotual confusion, and " disrobing it of many materialistic presentments. It was a -definite promise of God Inparnate that the Divine influence of instruction,.or the Holy Spirit should "take of the things of Christ and show them unto men"— in -other words, that He should unfold, ^jwelop, spiritualise the conceptions of the •«*riy Christian faith, revealing gradually,' as men should be able to assimilate them, letter, nobler views of the nature, chaii&ier;, and purpose of the Eternal Father. THE TEACHING SPIBTT. •''filSt I suppose, inevitable that timid hearts, rooted in the traditions of the past, irontiepnd .in antiquated definitions, when the Spirit-taught intuitions of leading minds in theOhurch tend towards the modification of dytdimentary views of the nature of God •. and ' His relation towards humanity, \- should imagine that, the foundations of , .ftftih; are shaken. They forget, however, •"ttat'the Christ told us that when His vjsible presence _ was removed He would jipeak fcyffis Spirit, as He had only delivered the preliminaries of His full message; that i j&erp; were truths yet to be unfolded, over and »jH>ye.B3s verbal teaching, which men would receive «nd assimilate as the generations suc- ' oe^ded one another, and " the thoughts of mi ^widened with the Drogress of the suns." Iliav» been told by experts—I cannot state it .nponxay own observation—that the astrono- ; mere who built these marvels of antiquity the f Wynmids of the Nile pierced a slanting shaft ' ;h the larger pyramid which pointed to the Poles tar, and that in those days yougased heavenward through the shaft into the Egptern night the Polestar alone wonld fcave met your eye. It was in the ages offlie past, it was when the Southern Cross w»e visible from the British Isles. Slowly, imperceptibly, the orientation of the planet . changed. Did you now look up into the . midnight sky through the shaft in the Great JPvjjHnid you would not see the Polestar; new iw^^/it space-worlds would shine down on yon. ' Slit the heavens have not altered, -a$d the shaft of the Pyramid is sot •gJBMj- 80 speak, of unorthodoxy. A new of th« heavens has quietly csme, for tiie earth's axis has changed its tiaace.' Similarly it is the work of the t of the ascended Jesus to advance the i pf Lthe Chnrch of God from glory to glory. ^ weptions of the Universal Soul, once proj'j^n^nt before the telesoope of human faith and aspiration, grow, enlarge, expand. He ^Uttigeth not: He is ever the same; but what ayuieee.of Him changes—changes without contnuliction of the past conceptions; changes as -stareak of dawn changes into sunrise, us sunrise changes into perfect day. And these "(OnooBptions will change until knowledge, in &e;„eense of the acquisition of facts, shall be no i$ore, and intuitive perception of the transcendent majesty of the Universal Life shall fill opt (vouls for* ever. Thus has the Teaohing Sjfnrit been progressively illuminating the great central trntW of Christian theology. • 1 THE TMNITr XOT TBI-THEISM. The acknowledged poverty of human lan- \- gpage In expressing Divine truth, and the prevjujing impression that Divine truth once formulated into languuge represented finality, , ape mainly responsible for a certain mental cowfasion, which has resulted in a conception , i»h .amounts practically to Tri-tlieism, the i&ei;^table reaction against which has been the , [so^a^atian of those tenets which have Beoeivsd the name of Unitarianism. Augustine, who in his de Trinitate pro- ' t^rts'j^gainst the use of the word persona as iikpljr to lead men to think of father, Son, aud Holy Spirit as ' inachamcaUy distinct, says that the word ^ pertona was only used because of the poverty . the Latin tongue as compared with the •'©reek. This mechanical distinction was emptoused and stereotyped by the works of the Cpait painters, who constantly represented the ^rini^ AS a venerable bearded figure receiving 'tJi affection a younger person marked with estigmata of tne Passion, and accompanied '.;a«ymbolic dove. It may fairly be asserted at jSie only doctrine of the Holy Trinity fwar presented to Mahomet was that of the CkiQyridians, so called from Collyris, a kind of •jgakefliat they offered to the Virgin Mary, and .'iK^iase Uiree persons in the Trinity consisted of ^ather, Son, and Virgin Mary. In all proba- Mity the reaction in tlio mind of Mahomet "H^UtSt this miserable materialistic counter- :t&t; of Christian doctrine, which did violence to his best instincts, accounted for the fanati- «il zeal with which be devastated Christian lands under his monotheistic war cry, "Allah aitoSr-there is but one God." ; The tiireefold plurality in the inner nature of 1 -the Universal Soul is now recognised by every . severest thinker as being not three distinct willa, consciences, intellects, but as one elemen- . -fcpl aabstance following the universal law of 'j )>sing, . manifestation, and outflowing in- .liaence. The names Father, Son, and Holy Spirit «re a mode of expressing the intense nearness that the all-inclusive Spirit of Love , jpUimp with every department, every need, «very mental attitude of the life of man. In their deepest meaning they signify Love in essential being, Love in manifestation, Xove in eternal procession. They literally iffllwrap us. surround us, intersphere US with Love. TUey appeal to man to zest in the inEnitv, in the" endlessness of the love of the God who made him. They janalyse the nature of God as. first, Eternal Substance, out of whom all forms of existence emerge, Who is wholly unthinkable apart from manifestation, and in this connection He is named God the Father; as, secondly, the clothing of this Eternal Substance in all forms of matter and men. and •the specific embodiment of so much of its moral qualities as can be understood by men in one human form, and in this connection He is named God the Son. as in him the entire rane is proclaimed to be an expression of the thought or reason of the Eternal Substance. SPhe relation of Jesus to the Universal Soul is remotely paralleled bv the relation of the rainbow to light. The ruinbow reveals the inner structure of light; .'<>sus reveals the inner moral nature of Go i. We are indebted to a philosophic Jew, lienedic- Spinoza, for one oF the finest conceivable definitions of this relationship between Jesus and God. In his 21st Epistle Spinoza says, " The Eternal Wisdom has manifested itself in all things, most of all in the human mind, but most transcendently in Jesus Christ." And thirdly, as the perpetual influence, or atmosphere, or outbreath of the Eternal Substance manifested in the Christ, pulsing through the spirit of man, blending his life with the life • -empowering, sanctifying, warning, jwd m this ojnnactaon He is ~ iy fi-host. Moreover, the three- W perpleyLcy the rational menial copjcfep- Plurality ia unity hasalw^-ff been recognised by the philosophic thinker; it pervades Zoroastrianism, it is taught in the »' edas; and oven in the decadent forms of modern Hinduism, where divine attributes are personified and worshipped by the million. If you were to ask a thoughtful Hindoo, whom you had just seen make an offering to Kali or Ganesh, how many gods there were, he would reply unhesitatingly, Ekam evadvitvam— "there is but one, and no second." Why, why, then, should not world-wearied, saddened hearts, to whom the Christian revelation has come in all its fulness, cease oirTrinity Sunday from aimless beating of wings against the bars of this life's cage, and abide in the peace oI this holy knowledge? Is it not sufficient to be assured that the "grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Spirit" are with us evermore; that man in all his weakness is united to this omnipotent triple alliance of power, helpfulness, and.influence? Will we not to-day lift up our hearts, however sad and perplexed they may be. and say, " Glory be to the Father," the "^fathomable Parent source whence we came? What is more ten ier than a mother's love to the infant fondled in ber arms? What arguments uced her compassion move to hear its cries and help it in its haims? Nov, if the tenderest mother w?ro possessed Of ali the love within her single breast Of all the mothers since tlie world began, 'Tis nothing to the love of God for man. Will we not eav, "Glory e to the Son,"the sacrament of the Infinite Compassion, the ima^e of the invisible mother heart, the Light of the world, the all-conquering brother of the race? Will we uot say, Glory be to the Holy Ghost," the spiritualized continuation on the earth of the heart of Jesus ; the abiding interpenetrating influence of toe Eternal Parent; the Enlightener, the Strengthener, the Comforter? FEELING AX» FINDING. There is a command implied in my text, and it is one that most be obeyed. It is. " Feel after Him and find Him.'' Feel; don't try to see. Feel with the sensibilities of the soaL with the antenna of the spirit. " He is not far from every one of us." The universe glowa with His presence—"Earth's crammed with heaven, and every common bush afire with God." Some feel and are cautiously reluctant to acknowled e that they have found. Herbert Spencer, whose reverent mind has helped the thought of the age, says:—" The consciousness of an inscrutable power manifested through all phenomena grows clearer; the certainty that' such a power exists is the conclusion to which science inevitably arrives." Yes, but what is the name of this inscrutable power? A fire-mist and a planet, A crystal and a ce : l. K jellyfish and a saurian, And caves where the cavemen dwell. Then, a sense of law and beauty, And a face turned from the clod— Some call it Evolution, And others call it Upd. >Vas not Longfellow " feeling after Him and findiug Him" when gazing into the glittering mystery of the midnight heavens, he wrote:— Silently, one by "one, in the infinite meadows or heaven. Blossomed the lovely stars, the fercet-me-nots of the angels. Feel after him. Is moments of solitariness, with a strong, eager, mental effort, open forth your inmost spirit and foroe it to gaze into God. He is not far from every one of us. In His light shall our spirits see light, and as we see His light we become blindied for the time to aught else. It is thus with the bodily eye. Gaze into the suh in his splendour and then look around you and you can distinguish nothing; the blazeirf light has obliterated the features of the world around yon. Only as the blaze fades do the common objects* of life come back to your sight. Glaze sometimes thus with the spiritual eye intensely into God. Know that He surrounds, enwraps, penetrates, andj above all, loves. While the blaze lasts you can see nothing earthly. The sordid troubles of life, the bitter griefs and pains, the agony of separation and bereavement, the gnawmgof worry and temptation—where are they? You cannot see them; in His light you are seeing light, And while you see it you cam see nothing else. Yes, they will reappear, they must reappear when the glare of Heaven fades. They are needful; they are your education; but faith grows clearer, endurance grows stronger. God grows nearer for losing sight of them for a time. Realize what it all means. This revelation of man's inseverability from God is a challenge to awake to a sense of our lofty destiny and cogent responsibilities. Shall a child of the God of the most Holy Trinity forget his lineage, dishonour his parentage in shameful, sSfengendered degradation? Consider, we are human, we are fallible, we are sinners. We fall from our standard, overcome by appetite, by anger, by pride—some in one way, some in. another. Think what is the sin that doth most easily beset you. Perhaps no one knows it but yon; bring it mentally out, let it not elude you. Strip it of its self • accusing shams, hold.it up in the light of the presence of the God of the Holy Trinity, and see it shrivel and die. Why do the sunny rooms in the hospitals turn out the greater number of cured patients? Why, because science—which is man thinking God's thoughts after him—has discovered that bright sunlight kills the bacteria of infection and putrefaction. Water containing 10,000 germs to the cubic inch has been experimentally proved to contain no germs at all after an hours exposure to intense and direct sunlight. Thus shall it be with the heart forcibly exposed to God. The sunshine of God, felt after, fazed into intensely, shall kill the disease germs of the soul—the bacteria of degradation. Is there a diseased soul here—one mourning after the defilement of a fall, one who longs truly, eagerly to be cured? "Feel after Him and find Him" -do it here, now, to-day. Force the heart-corrnption into His very presence— " Speak to Him thou, for He heareth." Say " Thou who art love and light and power, pour Thy searching, purifying, germ-killing sunshine into the dark recesses of my souL I am feeling after Thee, I have found Thee. Thou art not far from every one of us; we are Thine offspring; in undivided Threeness Thou art enfolding us. So let the anthem of praise arise •— " Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to- the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end." Amen. 