MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. iFItOM OUIl EXCHANGES.! Tlio robot Works which the bovorn mont of India lias started in the north western provinco to cope with the distress among tlie nativo population, cuusod bj' tho gonoral l'ailuro of crops through drought, aro now affording employment to .•100,000 men. Tlioro is a little hoy in tlio Children’s Hospital who has not oaton anything for two years and a half ? Yet ho is quite happy and contented, and well, for tho matter of that; his solo tvoublo being that ho makos saliva (like all of us), and has scarcoly any uso for it, not having any food to inniston. llo is fed through a tube at tho stomach. His complaint is stricture of tho gullet, which stubbornly refuses to moud. Ho doesn’t know tho taste of food, and never roinombers Inking any at nuy time, as ho ontorod tho hos pital at tho ago of two, and has boon thoro nearly throe years 1 Olio liundrod and nino thousand loco motives aro at present running on tho earth. Europe has 63,000, America 10,000, Asia- liSOO. Australia 2000. and Africa 700. In Europe, Groat Britain and Ireland take premier position with 17,000 euginos. Germany has Id,000, Eranco 11,000. Austria-Hungary, I lie second largest continental country, has 5000. Lord Kelvin has boon making experi ments to discover what the oll'ect of a cannonade of quick-living guns would be on board tlio vessel living and tho ship subject to the live. He believes that after 15 minutes, living tho survivnvs of the crows of both vossols would bo vo dueeil to a state of mental, if not physi cal, incapacity, owing to tlio concussion of tho projectiles on tho sides of tho vessel and the noise of the guns. A Oooklown telogram reportsCon stable lJardio has returned from Laura with the detachment of native polico despatched in search of tho murderers of Donald Mackenzie. Thu polico came across the bodies of some blacks, who bad evidently died of poison. It is supposed they wero some of tho murderers, and that they had usod tlio arsenic stolen after.tho murder from Mackenzie’s house, believing it to be baking powder. Tho nativo police found in tho blacks’ cam]) a nlln, smno ammunition and two dampers. Tho tribe had scattered and disappeared. A telegram has been rocoivod from Menzio’s, West Australia, stating that S. G. Hiiblio and party, who loft in February last to open up a stock roufo between tho terminus of the Great Mori horn railway, in South Australia, mid the West.Aus tralian gold-fields, arrived tlioro safely. On ono occasion tho camels went 13 days without wator. Tho Survoyov-Genernl ropliod congratulating Mr. Hubbo in successfully accomplishing his journey, and requesting him to return by a more direct southerly route if possildo.' Concerning tho Queensland tick plaguo, tlio Chief Inspector of Stock has received tho following telogram from Mr. C. J. Pound, director of tho Stock Institute, now at Rockhampton :At present I luivo livo mature female ticks still at tached to decomposed unsaltod hido which was removed 10 days ago. This proves that unless tlio hides aro thoroughly salted or disinfected they may act us agents for convoying the ticks long dis tances from infeotod to clean country. A caution should bo given to all butehors and oxportors of liiilos.” At tlio Adclnido Polico Court lust weok A. Rudd was charged with unlawfully disguising himself with a pieuo of wliito cloth, and was tlioioforo deemed to ho “ itllo mid disorderly.” On tho night of Gth May, Mr. Meddul was on his way homo wlion. lie lioticod a figure ill white oiiiorgiiig from tho Wesleyan eomotoiy. As it approached ho hoard it say “ Thus. Moddal, I claim jam.” , Ho replied, “Take mo then,” and struck tho figure with a stick which ho carried. Tho ghost closed with him, and in tho sculllo tho shoot was disarranged and Moddal identi fied ltudil. 1 lofcndant was lined 10s. and costs, iM 5s. in nil. The fate of Frederick Crouch, author of that sweet and famous song, “ Kathleen Mavourneen,” is aptly summarised in Vol taire's remark that “ tlio route of genius is not less obstructed with disappointment than that, of ambition.” At SG Crouch, starving and dying, is discovered at Baltimore (U.S.), hardly a stone’s throw from the palaces of men who netted fortunes out of. publish imr that song, which only turned ill a .Co nnie to tlio writer. “ Kathleen Mavour neeu’s” popularity can be gauged by tho fact that thirty-three American houses have issued it with big financial success,. and goodness knows the sums made out of it in other countries avhero if. also had a voguo. Dr. Youl, Melbourne's coroner, is fond of a little practical joke now and again. Some years ago when a peripatetic spiritualist was makiiig”a hit of a sensation in Viotoria, and pretending to diaguose the ailments of and prescribe cures for any sick people who sent him a louk of their liair, the Coroner scissored a bunch of liair from the head of a suicido in the morgiio, and sent it along to the spook-raiser, with a pathetic lettor. Of course the Dr. thought to have tho spiritist on toast;, and in due time the expected letter eamo. Tho envelope contained the hunch of hair, and a litllo note saying: “Bury this I patient at once. This is the only treatment II cun recommend.” 