MELBOURNE JOTTINGS. By RAnatLUtn. To see the crowds congregated at the various points of vantage between Elizabeth street and Princes' Bridge on Friday one would have thought some thing of wonderful importance was to take place, but they woere simply there to watch the last of the riders in the " relay" bicycle ride from Sydney to Melbourne skim along with the des patch to Government House, where Lord Brassey was in waiting to receive tihe message. Notwithstanding the fact that word was received to the ef fect that Broadbent would not arrive till a somewhat late hour in tihe afternoon, many people arrived on the scene before 4 o'clock and went through a weary wait, their interest being stimulated from time to time by the appearance on a coign of vantage of a man with a camera, who ostensibly wan busily engaged in taking snap shots of the crowd. This had the effect of chaining them to the spot altlough tile biting wind from the sea did not have an exhilirating effect on the spinal chord. I have been led to believe that this was only a statogetio move on tlhe part of the proprietors of the bicyc!e establishment towards which the throng converged, to keep the crowd tlhere, so that those who faced the dreary wait, stimulated with the hope of seeing an atomic blotch amongst thousands of others in an illustrated weekly journal, which blotch they looked forward to in anticipation of recognising their own likeness, are doomed to disappointment, as tlhe man with the camera was a fraud. Cor tainly he did take a snap shot when the rider arrived nut by that time kaleidoscopic changes had taken place and many were invisible. \+ + + + 'alse alarms occurred after six o'clock, and a shout went up as several cyclists were olserved approaching, bhut. thisu was turned to. a satirical laugh, as a lady of ponderous propor tions hove into sight on her pneumatic. A succession of false alarms did not put the waiting crowd in a good humor and when at last a ghost like appari tion clad in a snowy sweater, and with a canvas bag sealed with wax, strapped across the rider's shoulders, appeared, only a few of the most en thusiastic cyclists showed any approach to enthusiasm. In fact as Broadbent sped past a howl of derisive laughter was all the encouragement he got from the majority of lteo crowd, as the eight of the solitary figure ahead of a few other cyclists struck theml as something of an incongruity, and the derisive laughtor was aimed more at themselves for having been such idiots to wait in the biting wind for a couple of hours to see a solitary man ride past them on a bicycle. \+ + + + But there were others who felt even worse than these,. and if they were cap able of executing a reasonably high kicke would have kicked their own head piece in. After enduring a wait of a couple of hours, and being disheartened by tihe fals alarms, many chose the exact minute before Broadbent arrived to go. to the adjacent pubs and receive a stimulant at the hands of some of the popular Hebes. Hearing tile shouting they rusled out, but just in time to be too late, and they missed the oppor tunity of seeing. the. last stage of the ride done, and also had to endt rr the satirical sympatlies of their friends who had abstained from following their example. \+ + + + + Present anticipations point to a busy time in Melbourno during Cup season. Till fever period as it is called is now opening in Westralia with thie advent of the hot weather, and the consequence is that there will bo a general exodus from that colony to Melbourne for a couple of months. Tbohe exemptions to he applied for will be enormous and both lucky and unlucky speculators and diggers will wend their way to the eastern colony to revel in the delights and comforts to hbe found in Melbourne during the next few months. Already 40 rooms have been engaged at the Grand Hotel, antd nanny other of the leading places in the city have the osame tale to toll. ¶ihe advent of this rush from the "West with their ready money will compensato in a great mea sure for the loss sustained by their departure. Tall utories of the comings, goings and doings in the West may re Iooked forward.to, and no doubt the majority of the yarns will be readily swallowed by the credulous public. \+ + + + + Wherever you go in tlhe city you drop across country people, as for the lsot weekc or two excursion trains fronm the country have lbent adtling to the list of arrivals. Cases have already occur red where " Jinmy from the w'oe fence" has born takenb down, or whelre Sandy has been completely cleaned out, and so it will be to the end of the chapter, while sharps and spielers matke it their occupation of flcecing tile un wary. x X X X \Vlhen tha trains disgorge their Ihunaan freight on thie maetropolitan stotions aeocne of itndtscribable con fusion presents itself. Whatawith tihe loving mother looklting after hier wan lecring brood, nad also vainlypltdleavor ing to collect tile paraplhernalia ldeemed tecessary for a lengtllhened stay in town, and the meeting of long parted friends and relations, lt.o onlcoketr has much food for rellection and also tamusemont Thle porter, with a. load of luggage, vainly struggling to. pick hi sway through the crowd is. to he pitied, and his. anatltyma ot, thie struggling mass barring his progress are made up for in depth by what is lost in cadence. Somehow or other everything is righted and tho various cabbies soon land the pleasure seekers at their destinations, and in the course of a day the heterogenous mixture on the pavements are reinforced by the oxcuraionists, who are unerringly picked out by city people, and smilingly pitied as they awkwardly escape from tih numerous dangers that beset a. traveller in the crowded streets of the. city. The shopkeepers of course wel come them with open arms, and from the tone adopted by the blaincss people things seem to be looking up. 