Interesting Items. The New Woman was in evidonce at Mr Kidston's meeting last night ; And the reception which she met with was most favorable. " May I aak a question ?" said the lady. Tho unanimous murmur of approval which arose from all sides, signified that the audience was sympathetic. And the clear, terse manner in which the questions wore propounded Was certainly most hopeful for the . future participation of women in politics. " Was there any bad language used on this occasion ?" Asked the Folico Magistrate of a witness in the Court yesterday. "Well, yes, I think so," replied the witnes-, "But it only slipped out. He didn't mean it!" The defendant fell in. The following heading to a pieoe of news in an American paper is eaid to be the very latest concerning the New Woman : — GHOST IN BLOOMERS. the new woman has invaded the realm op the spirit world new sort op spook seen. a mystic girl all in white dashed by like tam o' shanter. the spectre disappears just where years ago bold buccaneers buried their stolen treasure. Here, surely, is the obance whioh Mr Stead has so long and so eagerly looked for. The Criterion Burlesque Co. are opening at the Theatre Royal on Thursday next. How wise children often are, and how witty ! Here are some of their interesting sayings which appear in the current num ber of Mothers and Daughters : — " When I grow up," said a little six-year- old philosopher, " shan't; I feel strange for a day or two ? " My nephew, after a few weeks at school wae asked where ha oat in hie class. " I always sit. first," he smartly an swered. "How 'do you manage that,- when you so often go late'?" ' "Well, when I'm late, I sit first at th other end. A little boy having his music lesson was asked by his teacher, " What are pausoB ?" "Things that grow on oats," was the quick response. A little girl asked her mother the follow ing question : " Mother, where does yester day go to, and where is next week kept ? " Alas ! What Solomon of modern days can answer that ? One day recently a hull belonging to some one unknown Bwam aoross the Hutt River, new Wellington, N.Z., And entered a field where seven horses belonging to the Gear Company were grazing. He attacked and killed, or badly gored, the whole of them, Three were found dead, ripped open, and another desperately injured on the head, with its chest torn open. -The others escaped with wounds in the flank, showing they had had a narrow es- oape of being disembowelled. The Criterion Burlesque Co. have been doing a phenomenal business up North. Ef the tide is runnin' strong, Keep a-pnllin' I Ef the wind is blowin' wrong, Keep a'-puliin' ! Taint no use to cuss and swear — Waste your breath to rip and tear ; Ef it rainB or ef it's fair, Keep a-pnllin' I 'Tho it's winter or it's May, . Keep a-pullin' I Ef you're in the ring to stay, Keep a-pullin' 1 ' 'Tho yon can't see e'en a ray, Sun is bound to shine some day, Got to came 'fore long your way, Keep a-pullin' 1 Newspaper account of a boxing match in Melbourne: Bill trembled like a rice pudding in a gale of wind, and sank on hie haunches. This is about equal to the cyclist who wrote that he saw A policeman who, without the aid of a mustard plaster, waa drawing the life out of a penny oigar. A certain judge once seized an oppor! tunity to discourse eloquently on the shabby way in whioh a man's memory will often'serve him. " For instance," he said, " only this morn- ing I quite forgot to perform a little act that I have been in the habit of doing daily all my life. I negleoted to put on my watoh and chain." Twelve men called at the judge's house for that watch and chain, and the firBt one got it. But the judge has never seen it since. Fainting by machinery is one of the latest developments of the resources of civilisation. The experiment was first made when the immense frontage of the exhibition build ings at Chicago had to be covered. Now the prooees has been worked out more methodically, and painting maohines are in every day use. The machine is constructed somewhat en the prinoiple of a garden syringe, with a spray nozzle. Yon direot the nozzle towards the object to be painted, and pump the color through it. The initial production of the Criterion Burlesque Co. will be the Burlesque Opera " Fra Diavolo." The proprietor of a young ladies' academy has utterly rained hie business by causing to he inserted in a large number of paperp, A pioture of the building with the girlB standing on the balcony with last year's hats on their heads. Mr Gladstone receives more requests for bis autograph than any other man in the world. In ons day recently 25 letters reached Hawarden from various parts of the world Politely asking for specimens of the Grand Old Man's chirography. Patent leather shoes Bhould he dusted after each wearing, aired, and rubbed with a little grease. When this has been rubbed off they should be encaBed in ehamoii or snede coverings To prevent heat, cold, or dust from doing its deadly work, and put away on shoe " trees." But the ordinary man throws them in a corner till the next time he wants them. 