THE PHANTOM CYCLIST. lie TtTLs always close behind me, eecms lie didn't nie:iii unkindly. His .ltienLioas when we rode along the track from IX'„vv\s Rat, But somehow I felt some foa.r, and rd breathe a triiie frcor When he leJt me in the gully just below the Moontain ilut. Ev-'ry ni^ht my road from Davy's took me past old Long Tom Pevy's, Who iLid ma^le coin on " The Di^gin^s" and who hated company; Dismal WAS his place and eerie, wir-h neglect writ larpe and dreamy, Why he lived there was a puzzle, too, that always baffled me. Enmonr said hu; place was hannted, vet through all 1 was imdauutcid, I de&ermin;^d I ivould ride the road enrJi night my work was done; I was in the hills surveying, and I didn't fancy stayiiiR Whil£ uiv little wife foit lor.elv in onr homo at "Aivijriuix.-" On one point I fe^I empliatic, that the ghost rode a pneumatic. A noi-jies> bike of curious mn.ke with no lights 011 to ~uide: When he'd start his phantom pacing in my rear, as I rode ratine, I oould never shake him off until ho'd had his five mile ride. Near the Mountain Hut he'd vanish, and caeh night I'd try to banish All my gno-^Liy thoughts, and strive Lo think of other things iii.>u?a,d; It was useless all inv trying, for 'ere long my thoughts went fiyiug Ba£k to the phantom cyclist, and lie filled my dunder head. He would p'ick me up directlv, I can recollect correctly, At the milestone just in front of Long Tom Pavy's battered gr^'. I would see his outline nearer on my vision growing clearer. As I pedall&d; down the hill road at an early hour or late. The fir-»t ev'ning he attended, was just after I defended Old Tom Pavy from some teamsters in the shanty oti the rise- Thev h^d started cards with Pavy, and Tom took his "a-tS-.Uvy." They were swindling, so accordingly they blackened both his eyes. Jn t before the birth of Winter I was with ay phantom sprinter Riding one night slowly down "the Cut" where eucalypti wav e. And each time I looked behind me he was always pointing blindly Back ro Pa y's, I surmised it, by tbo li^ht the pale moon gave. In the morn I called at Pavy's on my way nphiU to Davy's, \ Just by chance to bow Tom was—he was stretchod out on his bed ; Not a living soul was near him, none to comfort or to cheer him. In his btst hours here on earth—mv first glajioe » told me he wat dead- He was fnneralled and planted, you can take it all for gnint-ed. In a manner Lhat was fitting for a man who'd made a will, Where tbe rei'ds are tall and waw, it is there wo laid Turn Pavy, Just above the sio::kyard Creek bavond the foot of Dudley's Hill. When the reeds are softly swaying I believe it is they're laying Tom's restless spirit, in and out as the season's vigils keep; When the timid coot and plover flutter round and leave their iMver In the swamp, Tom P. is striving then to break the bomU of fleep. After e^rything was Bettled p'raps the ghost felt rather nettled, For I never saw him after that—he left me to go free — Long Tom's cash was undivided, and somehow he had decided To disown the phantom cyclist, Binoe he left it all to me. I can never find a reason, whether in or out of Peawn, Why the cycling ghost did follow me right down from Davy's Rut ; Why he always seemed 30 clannish, into thin <dr then to vanish. And Ie.ive me altogether just IKJIQW the Mountain Hut. Did I take old Pavy'a money? Well, a life of milk anil honey Such as coin brings, snreiy is enough to mako a But whatever you arrive at. if keep it strictly private. At another time Til tell you the result if you will iTUKR*. TORHrxGTON, AcJelaide. 