NEWS OE THE WEEK. A Japanese diver has died of diving paralysis at Darnley Island. The Hon. John Donaldson, of Queensland, is reported to be seriously ill. Mr. Gile3, S.M., Sydney, has been retired, and Mr. F. W. Edwards, of Parramatta, succeeds him. At Port Adelaide a child, aged ll, swallowed a toy called a "squeaking Jenny." It stuck in her throat and choked her. Captain Browne, of the "warship Ringarooma, was removed to a private hospital at Auckland on Monday, believed to be suffering from fever. A batch of forty-eight immigrant servant girls who recently arrived at Perth (W.A.) by the steamer Port Phillip were all engaged on May 28. A letter ha3 been received from tho Chief Inspec- tor of Stock at Hughenden (Q.), stating that Apollo oil has been tried as a dip for tick-infested cattle with marked success. In the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Monday even- ing, Lord Brassey delivered a lecture on " Our Naval Position and Policy " to a crowded audi- ence. P. W. M'Donáld, aged about 35, shot himself j on May 29 at Kalgoorlie (W.A.). Letters were' found in bis pocket stating that he intended to shoot himself as he was hard up. j A sailor named Thomas Williams, employed on the ship Hartfield, now in Hobson's Bay, fell from the foreyard on Monday afternoon, and sus- tained such injuries that he died soon afterwards. It having been reported that trees on military reserves have recently been cut down by troops, officers commanding are directed to take such steps as will prevent a recurrence of this praotice. John Sykes, solicitor, 33, was committed for trial at Launceston on May 29 on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for ¿81200 on the Commercial Bank of Tasmania. Accused reserved hi9 defence. A miner named Edward Connor, who last week wits injured by an explosion of rackarock while work- ing at the railway deviation near Woodford, sifc cumbed to his injuries in Sydney Hospital on May 3i. Deceased, who was 28 years of age, reside! with his wife at Hordern-street, Newtown. A little girl named Kose Turner was attacked by a number of aboriginals* dogs at Perth (W.á.), and severely bitten. A woman named Pellew, who went to her assistance, waa also severely bitten. The child had nearly thirty wounds. The (Q.) Treasury returns for May show a furtker increase in the revenue. The surplus over the expenditure for the eleven months is ¿8656,000, against ¿8590,000 for the corresponding period of last year. Therefore there is a promise of another good surplus. Arrangements have been completed between the Victoria Defence Department and Commander Dowson, B.N., for the purchase by the West Aus- tralian Government of the Victorian gunboat Victoria. The price paid was ¿87500 for the vessel, without her guns or electric light. An original insurance has just been arranged. The New South Wales Rugby Football Union have entered into an agreement whereby a company defrays the cost of medical attendance for any member of a club under the control of the union who is injured whilst playing in a match. A fatal railway accident happened at the Hawksburn Station (Vic.) shortly- before noon on May 29, resulting in the death of the local station- master, Mr. Charles Heatley. Mr. Heatley had dispatched the passenger train, and as it steamed out of the station he orossed the line and was knocked down by a goods train, sustaining a frac- ture of the skull. A railway fatality occurred on Sunday on the line from Natimuk to Noradjuha (Vic), the victims being Charles Robins and his wife. Mr. and Mrs. Robins were in a buggy crossing the line at a point about seven miles from Norad- juha, where the country is timbered and there is an incline. Either the horse jibbed, or those in the buggy did not see the engine, which struck them, killing both instantly. At Adelaide on May 28 a man named A. Rudd was charged at the police court with unlaw- fully disguising himself with a piece of cloth, and waa therefore deemed to be idle and disorderly. Thomas Meddal stated that on the night of May 6, he was on his way home, when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wasleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, "Thomas Med- dal, I claim you." He answered, "Take me, then," and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost "closed" with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified Rudd. The defendant waa fined 10s and costs-£4 5s in all. The New Zealand Government has offered a reward of £250 for the apprehension of Detective Austin Kirby, who has absconded from his bail while awaiting trial on a charge of obtaining money by threats. Word reached the authorities on Sunday that the missing man was stowed away on board the steamer Talune in a packing case. The vessel reached Sydney from New Zealand on Monday, and ou a search being made a packing case was found which appeared as if it had been occupied by someone. Kirby, however, was nowhere to be found, and the po- lice are doubtful as to whether he really crossed from New Zealand. A visitor from Nowra, named John Matheson, was waylaid and robbed in Kent- street, Sydney, on May 29, after having been subjected to considerable violence. Matheson, who had about £10 in gold in his trousers pocket, was drinking in a hotel in the vicinity just prior to the occurrence. On leaving, he was followed by a couple of men. Matheson walked towards Liverpool-street, and as he came abreast of Union Lane the men sud- denly sprang on him from behind. One dealt him a blow which knocked him down, and while the recumbent Matheson was struggling with his assailant, the other ruffian with a knife cut out tho pocket containing the money. Matheson, who was dazed somewhat by the rough handling he had received, on recovering reported the mat- ter to tho police. On Saturday Sergeant John- ston and Plain-clothes Constable Maunsell ar- rested a young man named Peter M'Daniel in Kent-street on suspicion of having been concern- ed in the attack upon Matheson. He had in his possession sèveral pounds in gold, which he sta- ted he got from the bank* 