'TRUTH9 THINKS. Tliat tlic political blanket boom is a, disgrace to the public life of the country. That the Curse of Dean is blacker and more dead]/ tbaj) the ci!r.--e of Deeming. That the daily newspapers are getting blue mouldy for want of a ?? sensation.' That a ' gangster Board ' enquiry would not be without value in the Port of Sydney. That the A.J.8. Bank balance-sheet, published in this issue, provides a bit of interesting study. That the Rtrerf-beggar. singer and instru mentalist nuisance is becoming unbearable in Sydney. That there are to-day more starving men and women in Xew South Wales than tbcro have ever been before. that the cloven hoof of Sectarianism is being Ecenand felt again in political and 6ocial circles in Sydney. That the present N.S.W. Parliament is about the most degraded polil^al pandemonium this side ol Sheol. That Mr. McMillan's onslaugbtipon Reid's Bungled Budget mis a maSfer-pieco of crushing- criticism, That Ithcro may be more soul-harrowing ex hibitions than the painless man, but they nave not been put on yot. That the departure of Bland Holt and his brilliant show leaves an aching void which will not bo filled till his return. That there is no hope for the Labor Party, or any other party, which has to rely for light leading upon such leaders as McGowen. That the way SrORT and Life, the new Wed nesday penny paper has canght on from the jump, is sufficient to make its future as sured. That Westralia is the heaven of tho squatter and the land-grabber, where native unpaid sen-ice is rewarded by, tha laeh and the hobbles. That Premier Turners Budget speech, last Tuesday was a revelation in lucidity and conciseness for our ovm befogged fiscal faker, Eeid. That the story of the uigjjer-scourging in Westralia, published in another column of this issue, recalls the darkest day8 of West Indian negro slavery. That Charles Godfrey is likely to do remark ably well on the road, as his company will be small and select, aud he himself would draw business to the North Pole. That Holy Joe Cook, as an exponent of 'T'rne Manliness ' in the pulpit, is a good second fiddle to his 'Cabinet colleague. Holy Jake Garrard, iu the pious prating line. That it is about time detectives knew that they arc not permitted to pounce down upon and arrest citizens without first intimating their official functions and intentions. That the Cricket Council is in a tremendous hurry to sit on Musgrove and his iatrry men. and show tho authority it disclaimed possessing before the team went away. That, Rogers, Gregson, and Curley's "perks and pickings" out of the Royal Commission on Coal Mines shew that Curnow is not the only one with a fat finger in the public pie. That the ghosts of the heart-broken, self and slain-shoek, should chase '' tired Nature's sweet restorer — balmy sleep,' from the pillows of the Civil Service grim Trium virate. That the inability of the wretohed unem ployed to touch the heart of Premier Boid is owing to the immensity of fat that covers and smothers that infinitesimaily minute organ. jjfhat Mr, Arthur Griffiths' announced inten tion to move the adjournment of the House next week over the Sufficld case, ie a some what tardy step towards righting a most outrageous wrong. (That after Stanbury has trounced Gaudauron the Thames, professional sculling has still a chance if Wray and— well, one or two others we wot of can be induced or backed to take the giant on. ^That if the cold, damp weather does not take a change soon it will leave a terrible crop of pulmonary complaints behind, to the detriment or the race and the heavy in crease of the death-rate. That the authorities ought to summarily put down the practice of whistle-blowiug and shouting from the rear of suburban omni buses, as Sydney is noisy enough without these unnecessary disturbances. *That the Truant Officers of Sydney and suburbs must be blind, deaf, and dumb, or the spectacle of mere children ringing, begging and selling small commodWes for pence wodid not be so paiufuliy common. That it was about time that the Chief -Justice — or somebody. else in authority — letWes- tralian Jnstices of the Peace understand that they break the peace when they beat their wTetched aboriginal slaves to death. That in permitting one disrated solicitor to earn an honest living at the law, while pro hibiting' others, the Supreme Court Judges ore unfairly ' making fish of: one and fowl of others '—all being equally good rob bers. ^That Reid's lying statement as to the number of unemployed has been so irrefutably con tradicted by subsequent disclosures, as to render it an object leeson as to the depths of falsehood to which the wobbly Wrigfler can descend. that wire-pulling in the interests of a few gilded amateurs is the cole cause of the closing and re-closing of all the near home fishing grounds to the men who supply the public markets and enpport their families on the industry. Siat Knapp, Pile, and Pulsford should give Local Option and Freetra.de a, rest, and direct attention to the -daily pony masters, and the opportunities they offer to the -wives of working men to bust up the old man's weekly earnings. rthatth\e Reid Government's seven hundred and odd new appointments to the Civil Service constitute an outrageous' wreng towards those old public servants who have been hunted oat of their billets to make way for God-fearing Ministers' political pets. That the attitude of the Crown in offering the informer, Annie Powditeh, immunity foi her share in the Jane Smith illegal opera tion, was not only grossly immoral, but weakly undignified, find an opon aoknow \edgement of incapacity in the Criminal investigation Department. 