CURIOUS WILLS. In the Museum at Bristol is to be acen one of the most remarkable documents on record being the last will and testament nl Thomas Chatterton, the nnfortnnate boy poet of that ciiy. The will is closely written on parch, ment, and was drawn up shortly before the teiiaior'a tragic Oeatb in » London garret. The following are some of its items : ? ' 1 give all my vigor and (ire ot youth to Mr Qeorge Oatcott, being sensible be is most in want ot it. Prom the same charitable U10'.iVt\ I Give and bpooi»«.t.h nnfn tYia Raw Mr Ooumplin, Benior, all my humility. To Mr Burgtm all my prosody and grammar ; likewise one moiety of my modesty, the other moiety to any young lady who can prove without blushing that she wants that valuable comtnoJity. To Bristol, all my spirit and disinterestedness, parcels of goods unknown on her qnay stnoe the dart of Canning and Rowley.' Somewhat after th« Bame Etyle was the will of Derrick, who suc ceeded Beau Nub. as Master of the Cere monies at Bath. Among other legacies, tfcii individual bequeathed ** My ghost to tbe in habitants ot Oock Lansj and to Doctor ' ? J ? the power of laving It by the pressure of hlB stupendous dictionary.' It Is related of Sergeant Mayntrd, who flourished ia the rtign of George IU., that he deliberately worded his will in aooh a manner that several legal qnastions which had vexed him in his lifetime might be Battled in court after he was dead. Too will of another lawrer, Sir James Stephen, i« quite the reverse. It run*;— This Is my last will. I give all my property to my wife, whom 1 Bppoint sole execu trix' The fifth Earl of Pembroke, who lived towards the close of the seven, teenth century, eiid in the cjnrse of his will, 'As for my BOul, I do confess I have often heard men sp?ak of the BOul, but what may be these same sonla, or where their destitution, I know not. When the King we* reigning I did follow the Teligion of mv master ; then came tbe Scottish, who made me a Presbyterian ; but since the time ot OromweU I have become an Independent. These are, methiaka, the three principal religions of the kingdom ; it any one ot the three can eive a BonI, to that I claim to belong. If, therefore, my executors can find my soul, 1 desire they will return It to him who gave it to me.' Two hundred years ago a former Karl of Staff ird married the daughter ot a certain Count de Gram moat. The lady turned out to be a vixen, Bo much ao that in his will the Earl expressed himself in these terms :— ' I leave to the very worst of women, who is guilty of ever - * thing that is bid, the daughter ot M, Grammont, a Frenchman, whom I have unfortunately married, forty-five braas half pence, with which to buy a pullet for snpp?r, a greater Bum than her father cm often give her, he being the worst of men, and bit wife the worst of women. Had I .only knoirn their characters, I had never married their daughter, nor made mjsa?f ao uahsppf .' Bobert Strange, three times Mayor ot Bristol! who died in 1491, concluded hit will in the following terms : — ' And, baring come naked into this world, I desire to go naked out of it, and direct that my poor body be interred wit lout shirt or other covering.' These peculiar instructions were faithfully carried oat by his friends, The contents of a most eccentric will, left by M. ZaAesky, a rich Polish landed proprietor, were recently pnbluheJ. The property left by tbe dec-.ased was valued at a hundred thousand roubles, and his dispo sition was enclosed in an envelope bearing the wordB. ' To be opened after my death/1 On this envelope being opened, the execu tors Jounii a second envelope, on wnich was written,' To be opened six u-eekB after my death. The stipulated time having elapsed, the second envelope was opened, and a thir.l was found with tbe words, ' To be opened a year after my death.' At the cmi of the year a fourth envelope was dis covered, which was to tc opened two voars after the death of the testator. This con tinued for live years, and when at lcnirth. in 1891. the nclual will was read, it was foun 1 to be us eccentric in its dispositions as were the directions attaching to its opening. The deceased bequeathed half of Ins fortune to such one of his heirs as had Hie greatest number of children. The rest of the money lie directed to be placed in a bank, ani at tbe end of a hundred years distributed, with the accumulated interest, among hiB descendants. As mav easily be imagined, this remark-able document re sulted in a prolonged lawsuit, in which the lawyers eventuall v carried off a good portion of tbe spoil. Mr William J. M Donald, of Toronto, evidently possessed that acnte proverbial, lie directed that' Any carpenter can make n plain box of rough boards This will be sufficient for the purpose of a coffin. Boms of the men who hang around the corners seeking jobs can carry this box with ub contents downstairs. Let an ex press wagon be hired in which to make my tinal journey.' A Liccestor merchant, who lift «221,OO0.fayB in his will :— ' I bequeath nothing to charities, being of opinion tbat I have done iny share in my life, and dis approving of posthumous charity.' Mr Hack, of Klinburgh, left hia will on net. paper as follows :— ?' Anything 1 have goes to my Bibler Margaret. This will is accord ing to the moral law. As for the law of the land, 1 care nothing {or its ignorance, thefts, and murders.' It iB a good tiling tor llie l:gal profession that every one is not bo independent of its aid. 