; AN AMATEUR ACTOR. ' ", "J.T." " The poor actor who struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more." AMoG 'the multitudinous characters enacted by Boy Joe during his long and pleasant journey through this life of joy and sorrow, sunshine and rain, flowers and fruits, labor and rest, wearing the ' buckskin" is :the one most fraught with pleasant recollections; albeit, hard study and harder fare must notbe omitted from those recollections. What say you ! Boy Joe an actor I No ! but yes! it's a fact! so we will ask the prompter to ring down the curtain over past recorded evenat, set a crossing scene, and ring the " rag" up again- discovering Boy Joe (now Harry Stanley) at the footlights in evening dress, music in hand, singing to a pianoforte accompaniment the pretty little tenor song "The Soldier's last sigh,"on the pretty little stage of the Eagle Saloon, City Road, London Rouse, lessee and proprietor. Many readers of the Chronicle will recollect Jack Dunn, for years low comedian at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, when under the management of that prince 'of -managers George Coppin; they will also call to mind Jack's sudden death, falling down dead in the street on his way to the theatre to fullll his nightly duties. His two clever daughters will also be remembered as favorite burlesque actresses, Marian, the eldest, now widow of the late Marcus Clark. Jack-as his friends always called him-was a genial soul and a 1'character." I made his acquaintance in 1840, he was then proprietor of a cigar divan, near Champion's vinegar factory,City Road, London, and was playing at the Eagle. Jack was the first delineator in London of the nigger'character song Jim Crow, with a break-down chorus Wheel about, turn about, do just so, Eb'ry time I wheel about, I jump Jim Crow. This was about the date when nigger minstrelism was introduced from America into England, and took a lasting hold on the public taste; Jack, in this role, made a tremendous hit, result-a long run and a replenished treasury. At this theatre I made the acquaintance of Alfred Plumpton, who recently paid Melbourne a visit, he was the leading tenor and a favorite. Up and down the City Road, in and out the Eagle, That's the way the money goes--Pop goes the weazle. Here I record a confession-I was hopelessly stage struck. Every minute stolen from my scholastic duties was devoted to the study of Cumberland's acting editions of Shakespear and other authors.. Just across Westminster Bridge, and at the rear of Bally's, late Astleys, Circus, which is in the Westminster Road, stood the notorious Bower Saloon, a twopenny ha'penny sort of a gaff, half pub. and half theatre. Mr Hodgson, father of GeorgiaHodgson, late of Lysters' Opera Company, being lessee and stage manager; 'twas at the Bower Georgia commenced her stage career.- Hodgson dropped all his coin, and was succeeded by a Mr Briddle, whose daughter, Adelaide, became a prima donna in the United States of America. Attending the Bower per formances pretty frequently, there was not much difficulty in obtaining "intros" to the leading spirits, who never refused a glass of spirits on invitation. Miss Arlingtoh was the leading lady- Jack Matthews the heavy villain; a present of a sovereign to this heavy villain readily procured me a " cast" in Richard the Third, shortly to be played by amateurs for the villain's benefit. Now Jack made a good thing out of these benefits, generally taking three farewells about every six months, supported on all occasions by amateurs, who always undertook the disposal of £2 worth of tickets, certainly no easy task when we are informed the entrance money to the theatre was-Boxes Gd, Pitt 4d, Gallery 2d; but oa the principle that one fool makes many, the tickets, as a rule, were bought up among one's many friends. Richmond was my caste, and after several re hearsals, the night of the great event arrived, when the green room soon became chock' full- of dukes, princes, lords and ladies, in fact forming a perfectawkward squad-if an awkward squad can be considered . perfect trimmed cap a pie in steel armour, made of tin, with shining helmet, vizor, shield and sword,amidst martial sounds (produced by call-boy and prompter shaking a couple of pieces of tin to gether in thie wings) a flourish of trumpets, and the roll of a kittle drum in the orchestra--a warlike entrance was affected, and Richmond, with plumes in helmet and naked sword in hand, rushes across the stage landing at O.P. wing-(Harry Stanley trusts some of. the Chrosiicle readers are professionals, if so their sympathies are solicited) Halting, and looking, or deeming to look master of the situation, Boy. Joe graciously acknow ledged the plaudits of the-what I-the audience No ! all the greeting from the front was-Oh ! what a guy ! the leader of the band kindly clapped his hands (I was paying him Ss Gd for each music lesson) but the audience composed of costermongers, pick pockets, and the usual riffraffof the Westminister purlieus-were sihging out- Go ahead you dufier! Sticking the point of his sword into the stage floor, assuming an attitude of defiance, and surveying for a moment thie flower of his army-consisting of four supers, the call-boy, prompter and scene shifter -who were ready to shed their blood for so distinguished a warrior as the Earl of Richmond, so soon to be proclaimed Henry VII, King of England, Richmond, with right hand gauntleted and pointing with his sword into the unknown, gave utterance to Shakspeare's lines " Thus far into the bowels of the land have we marched on without impediment, Gloster that"-that-that Go on! shouted the gods-I could get out no more-I was stuck-the theatre I all at once seemed to take a revolving fit, a dizziness overcame me, all tIhe faces in front had grown into one immense face-oh i for a drink ! I was parched, my lips felt as if glued together--oh ! for a stage opening ! I mean an opening in the stage, that I might sink out of sight into oblivion, thie power of locomotion had deserted me, I could neither move nor speak, and then the hisses and taunts from tIhe gods, with the vegetable matter that showered on and around me, coupled with cries of -Go home you 1 wretch ! Ask your boys to wallop you ! Gag him! Put the foolscap on him ! Take that ! and down cams a bunch of decayed carrots right into my falce, knocking off my helmet and wig. Whant could I do to make matters livelier the whole company in the wings were bursting their sides with laughter; at length relief came--Come 1 off that stage you d-d young fool ! sang out old fat Biddles the manager. This polite command sent the audience into a roar, and Richmond, leaving helmet and wig on the stage, made an inglorious exit by rushing: into the wings and immediately swallowing a full half pint pewter of double stout- price one penny-after which Richmond felt himself again. The next entrance of Richmond was " cut out," but in the last scene of the 5th act-the combat on the Field of Bosworth-thanks to the half pint-I had pulled myself together for the coming struggle, and when Richard sang out Richmond! come forth ! Richard is hoarse with calling thee to arms ! I assure you, kind readers, 1 didn't keep him waiting a single moment, for like Dicky himself my soul was in arms and eager for the tray-fray I mean-so with a long two-edged sword, a two-handled one it was-Dickon was tackled and a stop put to his galloping as I went for him. Richard might have been a king, but he was no gentleman, for he swore like a trooper during the combat, I suppose at Richmond's awkwardness; we were fighting to music, and I, not being a master at fence, got more cuts and stabs than was necessary. Jack Matthews played the crook'd back tyrant, but had taken so many pewters lie was compelled to retire, and I am of opinion that old Biddies had rung the changes with Jack, for I recognised the voice that had called out "Come off that stageyou d- d young fool !" In the encounter Richmond got the worst of it (amateurs generally do) although he had to kill Richard, which was presently accomplished, for in falling for the last time covered with gore Biddies had smeared my face with red ochre instead of his own-Richmond was under Richard and Richard was on top of Richmond, and so we gave up the ghost-that is Richard did. Scarcely had the curtain descended on this magnificent spectacle when loud cries of Harry Stanley ! HarryStanley ! (my non( de tlhedite) Richmond ! Richmond ! reached mine ears, and proudly showing myself before the curtain, wounded and breathless, as I was expecting to receive (as-I thought) an unmistakeable round of applause, was somewhat taken aback when a second shower in the vegetable line of cabbage stumps, turnips and rotten apples greeted me, attempting a neat speech I stuck again and-vanished. Such was the result of my first appear ance as an Amateur Actor. If at first you don't succeed, Try, try, try again. lMy next appearance at the Bower was for Georgia Hodgson's benefit Rob Roy was the play-Francis Obaldiston falling to my lot, the fair Georgia doing Diana Vernon, in the duett " Though I leave thee now in sorrow, Smiles will light our loves to-morrow." We fairly brought down the house, (it was blown down a night or two after wards). At the close of the performance fat Biddles offered me an engagement to do the singing walking gentleman ata salary of 13sa week and a benefit, which being accepted was regularly paid in coppers--this is a positive fact. The highest salary for juvenile lady and gentleman was only 35s, but oh l the study ! two fresh pieces. nearly every night-a drama and a farce often with an interlude ; it waf a grand opportunity for strengthening the memory-the parts often exceeding ten lengthsm. At the conclusion of this engagement, which, personally, was fairly successful, the following Easter saw me at Davidge's Royal Surrey Theatre (I ought to have mentioned that for my benefit at the Bower, I played Pizzaro, and cleared about 42s.) Plackfriars Road; here a six months' engagement as general utility, at one guinea per week, was entered into, Mr Stirling stage manager. The second week in Easter, Macready took possession of the boards giving a round of, Shakespearian characters, the first being nlacbeth, Boy Joe being caste for first murderer-and when Ihad delivered the sentence "Well, let's away, and say how much is done," I was glad to get away for Macready was no angel to deal with. So much disliked was this autocrat of the stage, that no oppor tunity was ever missed in showing him up. On one occasion lie was playing Richard III at Coventry, in Warwick shire,'twas a stifling, crowded house, and in the scene-act 1 scene 2-where King Henry's corpse is being conveyed to St. Paul's for burial, Richard, then Duke of Gloster, interferes and commands that the corpse be set down in language not particularly polite "Villains I" he exclaims, "set down the corpse! or by St. Paul, I'll make a corpseof him who disobeys!"-the reply to this mandate is--" My Lord, stand back, and let the coffin pass !" instead of which, thie utility man who played 1st Gentleman, determined to show Macready, up, exclaimed-"Stand back, my Lord ! and let tihe parson cough/" .IMacready was staggered! the house positively'roared. At the wind up of the Surrey season, Boy Joe strutted a short hour on the stage of the Theatre Royal, Southampton, at 25s per week, Mr Parker, lessee and manager. We opened: with Tihe Wife's Secret--MIr and Mrs Charles Kean being the stars; they both complimented me on my study of the part and correct acting. I forget, what the character was, the .plot was-laid in: Cromwell's days-it was either.a round head; a square head;, or a flat-head, or, perhaps, a muddle head, it doesn't much matter now, although it proved satisfactory to me then. A short season at the Deptford Theatre, on the share system, cul minated in disaster, and with it terminated my histrionic career. Boy Joe could write some queer ups and downs of theatrical experiences during his short ramble in the "green rooms," and dressing rooms, yarns from old actors of semi-starvation through want of an engagement, of miserable tramps through the country, sleeping under hedges and feasting on beech-nuts by the brook side, of washing one's shirt in the said brook and drying it in the sun ere replacing it on the back-as for any credit, even when under 'an engagement, was out of the question altogether.. If you've no rhino you muat walk,' Cos as how I keeps no chalk. Talk of creditl When playing at Southampton, at a respectable shop, I was measured for apair of Wellington's -price 30s-of course leaving my name and address. In due course, calling at thie shop, the assistant handed ime the boots-I had scarcely reached my lodgings when the landlady tapped at my door, informing me a policeman was seeking ime ; now, as I had not pickedt any pockets lately or sneaked a till, I said to the landlady please ask the bobby to step up. In stalked as raw an arm of the law as one could well imagine: I was trying on the boots-"Be jabers,"says he, "them's wet I cum fer !"-Pray, sir, what may be your business was demanded. '!Them boots, they haint paid for !" My risable faculties were 'at once lobe loose, and telling the donkey he had acted foolishly in meddling in a matter qutside his duty, requested him to tell SIr Crispin to send a receipt and he would get his money. This little incident verifies my opinion as to credit. The last night of our Deptford season was an ever to be remembered one; ou, company numbered about a dozen, we mistered 3s 6d among the crowd, with this a purchase of bread, butter and cheese was made, and with sundry pots of-well-not aqua prt-a, we adjourned to an empty house in Princess street, where we passed the night sleepless, talking and hoping of pleasanter and happier days to come. But among all the vicissitudes and hard up days of an actor's life, cheer fulness, kindness to each other, hoping -against hope, are a few of the characteristics ever dominant under most distressing circumstances-cer tainly their motto is " never say die." In bidding adieu to the"buckskin" and the old Bower, no doubt success would ultimately have been mine had I decided for an actor's life, being possessed of a good appearance; well educated, clear sounding voice, good study and stage walk, and ero I close I would like to remark that during my short run of the boards, ample oppor tunity was offered of studying my favorite theory that-every man has his double. Tom Fredericks was leading man at the Surrey Theatre, we were great chums, resembling each other in size,ivoice, gait, face and stage ,walk, so much so, that the question was often put--are you not brothers ? About the time I refer to, Macready was "sta-rring" at Drury Lane, and on the night Julius Cmsar was staged, Tom Fredericks was caste for Cassius. Strolling up snow HIill one morning, a gentleman, lifting his hat to me, said "Pardon me, Mr Fredericks, but you must permit me to congratulate you on the admirable manner in which you represented Cassius the other evening, Mr Macready must have been proud of such support." It took me all I knew to convince my admirer that . was not Tom Fredericks but Harry Stanley. Frequently "Good morning Mr Fredericks !" " There goes Mr Fredericks, the actor 1" were excla. mations that ofter recahed mine ears during my outings in the great streets of London; I could multiply similar instances, the most remarkable one was that of James Tawell, the ex-convict Quaker murderer, the particulars of which the Williamstown police have already been made ac quainted. It will interest our theatrical readers to be informed that the first royal license for a theatre in England, was in 1574, to ,Master Burbage, to act plays at the Globe, Banksike. The first play-bill was dated April 8th, 1663, and issued from Drury Lane; it runs thus: " By his Majestie, his company of Comedians at the new theatre in Drury Lane, will be acted a comedy called the Humorous Lieutenant" this play will begin at 3 o'clock exactly. A license was granted to Shakespeare in 1603, and up till 1656 boys performed women's parts, Mrs Coleman being the first female actress on the stage-appearing as Ianthe in Davenant's Siege of Rhodes. "All the world's a stage; and all the msen and women merely players." 