] THE WIDE WORLD, The district tribunal of Kazan, sit ting temporarily in the town of Mama dysh, has, by a final verdict of acquit tal, closed the proceedings, extending over a period of four years, in the cases of the seven persons accused of having murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named Konon JIativunine. Their ob ject was stated to be to oiler a sacri fice to idols, the worship of which, min gled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was found lying by the roadside near the village of Staraia-Moultana on ISth May, 1S92. The accused persons tire inhabitants of that village, and the manner in which the murder was committed correspond ed exactly to the customs of the pagan sacrificers. There were in the first in stance 11 ^ persons charged, but three have been acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died. ‘'Light” publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably true. It contains.at least a good deal of truth. The question “Where is Heaven?” was put to Sam Jones by one of his wealthy church members in Geor gia, whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000dols. the last year. “ Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. ‘Til tell you where heaven is,” said Mr Jones, “if you will go down to the village and buy fifty dollars’ worth of groceries, put them in a waggon, and take them to that poor widow on the hillside, who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook their meals. When you get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find out where heaven is.” 1 Tile popularity of swimming as a re creation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and [ some of the most enthusiastic votaries of the pastime are to be found among the Royal Families of Europe. The Em press of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers, and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricks. All the princesses of the Austrian reigning family are good swimmers. Our own Queen and all her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the wafer. The German Empress and the sisters of the • Emperor are fine swimmers, and so is the Queen-Regent of Spain, who excels in all manner of feats in the water. A man named Maire. an cnameller, who had appealed against a sentence of two years’ imprisonment passed on him for cutting off children’s ears, was tried again in Paris. He had nothing less than a mania for depriving child ren of their ears. His way of proceed ing was if lie saw a boy in a lonelv place, to go up to him and say. “What’s tlie matter with your ear? It’s bleed ing. Just let me see it.” Then taking hold of the ear he cut as much of it off as he could with a. razor that he car ried in his coat sleeve. Sometimes he amputated only the lobe, but he was able to carry off six ears from as many different heads. He operated in the broad daylight. The tribunal added three years to the original sentence. Maire expressed astonishment at th« judge's severity. A new calling has been brought existence by ghosts and Mahatnn chiefiy the former—as the latter alw fight among themselves, and init tiie public into their mysteries family quarrels. With referencs the story of the haunted house Peterborough, a gentleman who c himself “A Haunted House Expc pavtte\ifairbuliaing,’ owaMv 1 -Tile spirits which may be therein-m] er than lightning. He says he has 1 honored with the patronage of the bility and gentry of various count: and has been successful in extirpa some of the oldest ghosts in the k dom. A “ghost- killer” must be qui sunning and pleasant occupation ch; Some details are to hand of the wed ding of Khama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ce remony was performed at Palapye by Mr Willoughby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight into the ways of his country to know how a func tion of this character should be carried out. He appeared at the altar dressed in a frock coat arid light trousers and a white tie; while his bride, a young woman of about twenty, wore a white satin, with a tulle veil and orange blos soms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionary, where the oc casion wias becomingly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great wedding cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o’clock. The cycling mania at Berlin has just reached the schorcher stage, and com plaints are made on every side to the paternal government to stop, oh stop! the cyclists in their mad course. Only a few “radler” have reached the emi nent position wherein, for their “beauti fully slow” riding, they are praised by one and all, and held up as examples in the newspapers. As to lady cyclists in Germany, the South is, as usual, far ahead of the Korth, and, while at Frank fort, Munchen, and all the other large towns in the South, the woman- cyclist is in no way molested by having an undue amount of public attention'paid to her, she is still the laughing-stock of Berlin, and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bicycilia. But then, what can be expected in a town like Berlin, where no woman is allowed to ride on the top of an omni bus? A pleasing incident, in which his Royal Highness the Prince of Vales played a prominent part, oc curred on the Oaks Day at Epsom. An intelligent little fellow, who could not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up in front of the Royal enclosure, and on a large sketch block, with a piece of crayon, he produced striking portraits of such celebrities as the Queen, the Prince of Wales, the Marquis of Salisbury, and others with marvellous rapidity. A large audience of well-known patrons of the Turf quickly gathered round, and showed their appi-eciation of the child’s abilities by a shower of shillings. The Prince, who had witnessed the perform ance from a distance, was so delighted with the child, that he smilingly came forward and gave him a sovereign, amid loud cheers. The boy raised his cap in response to the Prince's generosity, the bell rang, the officers of the law pressed forward and shouted “ Clear the course!” and the young artist was car ried away with the throng. Living oysters have been known to trap mice on board Grimsby smacks, but perhaps the case of an oyster which caught three mice at one snap, as re corded by Mr W H. Marris, of Grimsby, Is the most remarkable on record. The oyster had been placed on a pantry floor and opened its shell in the night. Three silly mice, smelling something to eat, popped their heads into the shell, and the oyster, resenting the Intrusion, has tily closed upon ail three, and choked them to death. 