Origin- of Christmas Annuals Christians annuals aro now recognised as ordinary features of litoraturo at tho ond of the year. But once thoy woro unknown, and a writer in tho "Windsor Magozino " tolls us about thoir boginning : Soma authorities now arguo that tho " Cliristmas Carol ' ' was tho real foundation of tho annuul. If so, it is aurious to noto that tho editio prineeps appeared in a littlo volumo very much in tlio small kcopsako form. Slater thus describes it: "Published not in red, but in brown cloth, with gilt edges, gilt design, and green end papors." On pago 1 tho head words read, "Stavo I." Tho words "Stavo I." indicate a later issuo, no matter how tho book may bo bound. It is also, porliaps, amusing to noto that tlio market prico of tho first edition of the "Christmas Carol" l-uns from £3 10s. up wards. Let it he known, however, v that, de spite its world- wido popularity, tho author regarded the Carol as moro or less a com mercial failure (sio). Ho writes: "I found tho.Onrol ueoounts waiting for mo, and thoy woro tho oauso of it (illness). Tho first 0,000 copies show a profit of £'230, and tho last four will yiold as much moro. ITiad sot my heart and soul on a thousand olear.' It is ovidont, from tho charaeter of. tho profaoc, that DiokonB counted on what might bo called a gonoral circulation, for ho says : 'I. liuvo endeavoured in this ghostly little book, to rniso tho ghost of on idea whioli. shall not put my rendors out of humour with ' themselves, with ouch other, witli tlio soason, or with mo. May it haunt thoir houses pleasantly, and no ono wish to lay it.' Neither 'Tlio Carol Chimes,' ' Tho Cricltot on tlio Hearth,' 'The Battlo of Life,' nor ' Tlio Haunted Man,' fulfilled in any way tho expectations of tho writor. 'Tlio truth was,' writes the bio grapher of Diekons, ' us to all tlio Christinas stories issued in this form, that tho prioo charged was too largo, for the publio addressed by thom was too littlo to remunerate their out lay ; and when in later years ho put forth similar fanoios for Clu-istmas, oharging for thom fewer ponoo than tho shillings charged for these, ho counted his purchases— with fairly corresponding gains to himself— not by tons but by hundreds of thousands. 