CHAPTER VII. A MIDNIGHT MARAUDER. When Joe Mackenna found himself striding through the heavy September night on his way to The Nook, the Eimle which ne had summoned up to oheer Kitty faded from his face. He liked Blair as welt as any young man he knew, and he suspected Kitty liked him better than any young man Bho had aver met. He was quite sure Harry was over head and eats in -love with Kitty, although the young man had said nothing direct on ^the subject to him. Harry had pointedly told him on more than one occasion when they were together alone that there would be a partnership for liim in his father's business if fca married to his father's liking. Harry was offhand and gay and impulsive, no doubt, but he was a fellow of fine, generous principles and would make an ezcellenthusband if he got a good wife, and where in all the world could any man find a better wife than under the roof of Olive Lodge? Harry's not returning that night had made him very uneasy indeeo, though he took care to oonceal his anxiety. He felt tolerably sure young Blaii would never have ^one back to The Nook that evening for the Emerald only that Kitty had shown a strong desire to see it. Even supposing that old Blair was at The Nook when Harry arrived there and forbade the son to take the stone out of the house, Harry would have come to tell them of tho fact. His father being then at home no reason would exist for his not leaving the house. "Then why didn't he come?" mattered !S£&ckenmb; in an angry tone, cutting the dark air before him with his Etick. What made Mackenna so angry was that he feared he oould only too truly answer the question if he cho3e, but he would not choose, for the anBwefr was too hard to bear before he was certain. If the young Editor of The Wasp were compelled to find an answer to his own question ne would have said that nothing else oould be supposed but that Harry Blair had met with some misadventure on the journey either to or fro between The Nook and Olive Lodge. "Of course," he went on thinking, "if I find The Nook ehut up and all lights out, I shall know all is well, and I will come back easy in rav mind; perhaps I may throw a pebble at his window and try to get word from nim that all is welL" He Btopped this train of thought and looked round. "Howdark it is," he thought, "surely there ought to be more lamps so near town as this.' 1 The road by which he went was broad, and almost destitute of houses. On either aide lay grazing land or the grounds of mansions far back and buried in trees. The fields and pleasure grounds were separated from the road by oak palings or brick walls, and all the way at irregular intervals trees had been left standing here and there in front of paling or wall. Mackenna gained the top or the rise. He had passed the entrance to Hill House a few minutes before. The brick wall' on |his left bounded its grounds. The house itself was invisible from the road, but the top of the turret oould be dimly seen with its spectral telescope, like an arm of futile appeal raised towards the black implacable heavens, Mackenna had been walking on the left hand side of the road. He paused on the summit of the hill and looked down before him. Each side of the road here was bordered by giant trees which still held all their leaves. The trees' great arms stretched across the road, and, meeting, cut off the dull light of a sky overcast with heavy clouds. Under the trees the road sloped downward like an enormous cavern leading from darkness to deeper darkness still. At the point where the cavern tamed to the left, glimmered one shrunken spark of light. Mackenna shuddered, tightening his hand on his stick, and thought, '"By Jove! what a place for a footpad! Why, the forty thieves might be hidden behind the trees between this and that hideously useless lamp. It was shameful of me to ask that boy to carry thousands of pounds worth through a place like this. I'll Keep the middle of the road myself —a fellow is safer there. From behind one of those trees a miscreant could pounce on you without a sound of warning." He stepped into the middle of the road and took one step forward. He stood still abruptly. A figure had come into the light of the lamp far below. Up to this Mackenna had seen no one in his lonely walk, and he felt that his nerves were unstrung. At an ordinary time he would have taken no more notice of the man at the bottom of this aisle of darkness than if the apparition had been one of the sleeping beeches leaning over the path; but he was, not in ail ordinary state, and strange fears shook his mind. '"You are afraidhe whiepered to himself scornfully. He took i moment to consider the taunt, and then whispered slowly, judicially, "No; I am uneasy,vbnt I am not afraid. He stood with his ej'es fixed on the approaching man. AU at once he gave a start, and took a step out of the miadle of the road towards the side. The man at the bottom of the vault had begun to run. r 'You are afraid now;" he whisperod- He paused again, unwilling to admit the charge. The running man had increased his pace, and was approaching up-hill at his top speed. "Yes—I am afraid now; my nerve is gone." He took a few swift steps across the road, and hid himself behind the trunk of a tree. The running man pressed upward. He came closer and closer. Mackenna had heard his light footsteps an instant after he had first seen him; now he could hear his heavy breathing. As the man mounted the top of the hill he 6werved from the left hand side to which hitherto he had kept and took to the middle of the road. At the summit the trees were not close together, and just opposite Mackenna lay a patch dimly illumined from the sullen sky. As the man passed through this patch it was possible for Mackenna to catch a glimpse of him without risk of being himself seen. Cautiously Mackenna peeped. "Tall and powerful," thought the young 1 editor. 4 It'B so dark I cannot make out anything about his face or head except that he wears a cap. But what can any one mean by running at each a rate uphill a night like this, in a heavy fur coat?" Mackenna waited until he knew by the footsteps that the runner waa out of sight. Then, with a sipli of relief and an "Ugh ! ' of impatience at his cowardice, he descended through the darkness at a swinging pace. From the brow of tho hill to the bend of the road Mackenna kept on sturdily. By tho time he took the turn to the left, round tho solitary gaalarnp, he had conquered the qualm which struck him on the hill, and was trying to forget it. It was not flattering to remember that he had quailed at the sight of a mere man on the road, only a dark and lonely road of earth, not a ghostly way of evil, leading to the fell abyss. Reaction set in. He began to whistle. Ho toid himself that if now a ghost glided through the hedge on hia right and a murderer, rndhanded, dropped from the top of the paling on the left, he should not stop h>s whistling unless he stopped it to laugh. He oeaaed whistling, and l&usfnBd; aloud, .<>• hearsing his part in the fancied encounter. The lausjh sounded dry and circumspect. He laughed more loudly to show that there v.'as no doubt about hia courage. This laugh sounded forced, unnatural, horrible Shrugging ins shoulders at his double failure, he l>egan «i hum a lively air, and so *kf*pt on until N' arrived at the garden gate of The A T ook Tho "ate had been found open by .Tohr Blair on his return from the Hill House. It stood open still. Mackenna started when he saw th<> dark yawning mouth of the little avenue. "All is not right here," he thought, and hurried up the gravelled path The Nook was brilliantly lighted up. This untimely illumination filled him with fresh apprehensions. Since the unaccountable shock he had received at sight of the hurrying man, all uneasiness on the score of Harry's safety had been banished from his mind by stronger and more immediate fears, and by the buoyant rush of the subsequent reaction. Now the adventure on the road was obscured by a cloud of anxiety as to the fortunes of Harry. Mackenna hastened round the gable end of tho house on his left and came into the little sweep in front. The door was in the middle with two windows of the drawing-room on one bide and two windows of the diningroom on the other. As he drew near it apprehension rose to alarm. It was wide open, aud the light streaming out through the porch and glittering upon the moist gravel of the path. lie stopped into the bright patch of light in front of the porch aud entered the hall By tiiis time Jjnt, L.,e middle-aged Iiouerkeaper, had recovered conEciouBne.is. Milly was administering restoratives to her in the. kitchen, Mr. and Mrs. Blair were in tho large Bquare hall, Blair, a. picture of impotence and despair, sitting on the chaii which .lane had occupied few minutes before. His wife stood by him with one hand on his shoulder aud the other on her face, pathetic figure of sympathy and grief. She was thinking. '• On. my poor husband ! my poor husband' how 1 feel for your loss and pain. But where is my son". \V I] r is my Doy? My youngest r ' He was thinking in OiLter and :tn£ry iii'.nn liation. " It is gone ! It is gone! Tha great stone has be^n stolen out of my own house 1 1 Bhall be an object of derision or of pit}' before tho world ! Why v.-as I such a fool as to bnnp it home with me merely to gratify the curiosity of women, and having brought it home with me, why was I Buch a fool as to le.i\e it, trust ing to my fool of a foii !" At that moment Blair raised ini- eyes. He stared wonderingly at Mackenna, and then suddenly charged with vigour and animation, sprang to his feet crying, Where's Harry'" Mrs. Blair, wlio had not swn or heard Mac kenna's entrance, believed her husband's reason had given way, and flun? her arms around him crying, "Oh, John, John, don't Our boy is safe'. Oh, don't give way ! Keep your mind quiet and We shall have oar bay back boon. For mercy's sake, John, don't stare like that! Ls it the .strange man again?" Blair shook himself free and pointed to Mackenna. Mrs. Blair turned round, and seeing sume one she did not recognise at the moment, uttered a scream and fell, sitting on tho chair from which her husband had r/sen. Milly darted from the kitchen into the hall. Mackenna was taken aback, confused and not a little ruffled by the abrupt fierceness of Blair's question. He answered quietly but in a sort of protest, " I do not know where he is. I came over here to ask if all is right. "' Mrs. Blair had now recognised the speaker, and sat regarding him anxiously. If Mackenna did not know something of Harry, what brought him here at such an hour? " You do not know where he ia," cried Blair in contemptuous disdain. " Then what is the meaning of this"'" He held up a crumpled sheet of note-paper in his hand. " I do not know what you hold in your hand or what the meaning of it may be, and further, Mr. Blair, I do not understand the tone you use towards me, and I should be obliged by an explanation of tliat tone." "Meaning of this, sir," went od Blair, WTithfuIly. "ThiR," shaking the paper furiously. "is a letter from yon to my son, asking him to spend this evening, at your place to meet—to meet a pack of rascals." "Pardon me, sir," said Mackenna. with a short, sharp laugh. " I do not think the letter runs exactly in the terms you mention. One of the gentlemen your son was asked to meet is duly qualified to take part in the Imperial Parliament in defining the law of the country which you are now breaking by slandering my friends." "Fiddlesticks, sir, for whatever you mean, if there is any meaning in your words. What I want to know is—Hid you send this letter to my son Harry?" " And what I should like to know, air, is by what right you fanoy yourself authorized to cross-examine and browbeat me about a letter not addressed to you?" He spoke now with an air of badinage at once paralyzing and elasperating to the elder man. " This letter, sir, is signed by you. I found it on the floor of my bedroom. No doubt he pulled it out of his pocket by accident. If he has been to your place this evening I may tell "you, air, that ; t is a very unfortunate affair." For whom?"' " For you." "Upon my word, sir, I do not know wnat yon are talking about, and I think tho best thing I can do is to bid you good-night with the assurance that your son does not retrograde socially or morally when he comes to mv bumble place." "Oh, Mr. Mackenna!" cried Mrs. Blair, ; rising and going with outstretched hands - towards the young man. "you and Mr. Blair ' do not understand one another. We are in a horrible state of alarm and suspense. The safe in my husband's bedroom has been broken into and everything in it carried off, including the Rrcat Emerald Mr. Blair bought to-day, and Harry has gone out and has not returned' and we are in terror about him." Mackenna came forward and too- .-drs. Blair's hands. "I am awfully sorry to hear what you tell me. I sympathise with you from the bottom of my heart. Mr. Blair," going to the old man, " will you try to forgive my levity? I had no notion there was any- : thing serious the matter. I thought you were angry that Harry should have been asked to my place at all. You will pardon me, I I hope ?" Ho spoke with great sincerity and j contriteness. j "There, there, there!" said the diamond | merchant. "I don't know what I said; I I don't know what you said. All I do know for I certain jb tliat I am m a distracted state of j mind. Milly, will you shut that front door ' and see that the house isn't on fire, and will I you, Mr. Mackenna, come in here and tell us all you can?" : Ho led the way :nto the dining-room, and | was followed by Mrs. Bl;u'- and Milly. The latter satisfied herself with closing the- front door, and forbore u, examine the house for fire. Joe Mackenna brought up the re^rof the little party, closing the dining-room door after him. (To be continued to morrow.- 