Gossip. Dear gossips, did'st ever have the photographic fever 1 'Tis sure the mildest mania that ever attacked a mortal, and 'tis sweet and pleasant while it lasts. It is a hobby, truly, that makes life more full and enioY able. It is such a gentle kind of disease as opens the eyes of the victim to new glories iu earth and sea and sky, and enriches the one that hath it. It is truly wonderful to watch in the dark room the mystical development of some well-known face from out the dreary monotony of a fashionless film. The faces of your friends shine out at you from every corner, and if the de lirious joy of photography affect not thy brain too deeply 'tis a good disease to have. It struck me years ago, and full albums still serve to remind of dead and gone joys — and sorrows. It seems to me, my geutle readers, that I've had most diseases, from whoop ing cough to dancing, from measles to matrimony, and from atheism to theology, but, trust me, I have been savingly cured of most of them. Let me tell you concerning the events of the gentle photographic fever that once took me. We were steaming bravely along, 'neath sunny skies, towards the ' white man's grave,' the west coast of Africa. We were a jovial party, yea, almost riotous, for many of them there knew that some would die ere loui; iu the vile miasmas of the cruel coast, and each one feared for his neighbour, for ' all men think all men mortal but themselves.' Yet the kindliness engendered by the dangers of the coast made these men very pleasant to sail with, and to this company I in troduced the newly-invented ' Kodak.' It came as a boon and a blessing to them all, and I ' took them.' The worst of my pictures was that there appeared to be an eternal grin on my victims ; but how could any man help it? The ' Kodak ' was an exceedingly ' instantaneous ' one, and men looked so solemn as they sat to be ' took ' that it made them laugh, and then the thing weat off and the evil deed was done ! One day a man said to me, ?' I'm going to tihe West Coast and 1' may never come back again. I couldn't get my picture taken before I left, and my wife was very anxious for one. Now will you take me and send it to my wife, for you know the dangers of the coast, and - — ?' What a time we had that day ! Under the awning we set up a studio, and we put Mac into a big wicker arm chair, and fixed him, posed him, worried him shockingly. Then amid the solemn silence of the crowd the ' Kodak ' was sprung, and Mac was taken, looking as solemn as a Chinese joss carved iu soapstone. Then I took the rest of the boys, in all sorts of chairs and all kinds of attitudes, and then I locked the plates away to be developed after I had returned to my dark room in the better land. Before we reached the West Coast the steamer called iu at an island and left me. The boys offered me '? free chop ' for the rest of the year if I'd go on with them to Sierra Leone, but, alas, I preferred rather to toil for tucker in another land than to live at ease amid the mangrove swamps of the dreary coast. When I had returned to England, the plates were developed, and the one with Mac on it was most extra ordinary. He was there sure enough, faint and ghostly, sitting in the wicker chair, on the quarter deck, buc another wicker chair was on his chest, and another man sat on it. Mac was alone on the quarter deck in fronc of the -l Kodak ' when the thing went off, but now he was sur rounded by ghastly figures, all of whom I recognised. The first- feeling was that this was a sign from heaven, of the decease of the crowd, but — there was another explanation, I had taken two pictures on one plate ! Photography won't stand that unless you're iu the ghost business. To the patient wife this print was sent, the most spiritualistic - looking blamed thing I ever saw. The wife was told that she would be able to find her hubby there, if she disintangled him very carefully, which she did, and then thanked me in the most pathetic manner for ' the shadow of her dear husband.' Now, if that man had died, it would have been on my con science forever more, but he lived to come back and laugh at his shadow. Some of the other strong, hearty young fellows died. I saw the pic ture of one of them afterwards in the ' Strand Magazine ' with an account of his life and his death. Poor Jack ! There is no gentler art in the world, dear gossips, than that of photography, but some of the most extraordinary things happen in it. A lady said to the servant in a house, ' That's not a very good picture of that child.' JAnd sez Bridget, ' If ye plaze, ma'am, it's not a very good child ! ' You can, understand that remark ; but I took the picture of a good man once, be neath an orange tree, and his nose reached right down to the ground ! It was a good picture, too, except that, of course. He didn't like it, but :; I couldn't help it. It was the camera ! It; played awful tricks on me. I'd tell you some o? them, but there doesn't seem time. I must tell you this'! The other day I was going off a few hundre-t miles into the bush and I borrowed a new, patent, high-toned, hand camera. None of your :- Kodak ' things, but a real, first- class, modern invention. I carried that thing with deadly purpose and showed it off on the run with a deal of pride. It was a good instrument. Then I waylaid the children of my sweet hostess and piled those kids up on a quaint, stone dog-kennel and, after much trouble, I got 'em. Oh, the joy ! Then I took some more pictures and was mighty careful a1 out it all, for was I not an old photographer 1 'Twas a weary way from that far 1 off station in the bush to my home in the city, but time and circumstances brought me back in safety. Then I hied me to the camera man with the apparatus, and he developed the plates, and when I came for them he said strange sarcastic words. Then showed he the plates to me, and, lo, there was not anything thereon, save the faint shadow on one of them of some dim children on a mystic heap. There is no moral to this story, except it be ' Pub not thy trust iu princes, Nor iu such as lend thee cameras,' 