THE GHOST AT WILDW00D CHASE. , ? ♦ ? [By Rosa Mulmolland.J It happened only five summers ago. I had had a hard winter and spring of unfitness for work, which, follow ing1 olose on my first successes in art, had heen rather impatiently borne, seeming as they did to destroy my hope while it was budding. Furthermore, I was as sured by a dootor that I was threatened with oonsurap tion, and I acknowledged that he was probably right, as the disease was in my family. In the beginning of a hot Juno I sat in my studio in London, weary in body ana miliu, wueu ti lULfcur uitmu tu my ihiliu jlik.u u , ruBiiuu ing breeze. It was from Lord Wylder, who had bought a pioturo of mine a few montliB before, and who now asked me to come down to Wild wood Chase to paint his portrait. Though not particularly fond of portrait painting, I liked the invitation. I knew the oountry round Wild wood Chase was beautiful, famous for its roses and nightingales. In a fow weeks the latter would have left offl singing; I should be in time to hear their richest notes. Thero was also ,a good gallery of pio turos at Wildwood. In a short time my arrangements were made, and I was in the train, spinning through fieldB and woods in their freshest verdure, and among hedges whito and fragrant with the hawthorn in full bloom. I found the great house full of people. Lord Wylder was a genial old man who had a Jarge family of children and grandohildren whom he loved to gather round him, and the portrait I was to paint was intended for one of his daughters who had lately been married. His kind flattery of my works gave me a sort of dis tinotion in tho eyes of the oompany, and nothing could be pleasanter than the position in whioh I found myself. I had a oharming studio overhanging a green retreat, ?? through leafy rifts in whioh a teeming rose garden was discernible against a distance blotted with mingled greens and purples. Here I worked, solitary, as long as I pleased, and always returning to my seolusion happier for tho courtesy with whioh the struggling artist was treated by enthusiastic admirers of his art;. The state of my health at the moment disinclining me for the society of strangers, I lived ohiofly a dream like life of my own among the delioious summer haunts which stirrdunded me at Wild wood Chase. At Buoh a timo of the year, and in such delightful relations with nature, if one has not aotually a olose sympathetic oompanionship with soino other living creature, one is apt to create something of the kind out of one's own imagination, and with this reflection I aooounted to myself for my extraordinary attraction towards a certain pioture in the gallery, the head and shoulders of a girl set against a background of the woven boughs of trees. The face had a mysterious oharm impossible to describe, and was slightly leaned forward, looking straight at the gazer with an expres sion whioh||8eemed to me as though the creature were longing to whisper a secret. The wide over-shadowed grey eyes had a spiritual intensity suoh as I had never seen in any woman's face, while the sweet parted lips promised that, strong as imagination and mind might be in the character, the hoart would always have tho ousting vote if ever intellect and feeling should oome in oonfliofc. Tho hair was light, like new-mown hay, and lay in soft drifts aoross the delicate forehead. The peculiarity of the pioture was that, wherever you moved in the gallery within sight of it, the eyes followed you with wonderful changes of expression. Sometimes they were sad and wistful, sometimes smiling, as if in mischievous amusoment, and again they had a high, strange outlook that tantalised you with a desire to follow it. I ascertained that this was the portrait of a young1 girl of Lord Wylder' s family, who had lived and died about a hundred years ago. Somehow, I felt pleased that she had died early. There were portraits of beautiful women all round, who had beou tho grand mothers and great-grandmothers of the Wylders, caught here in their lovely girlhood and perpetuated in youth for tho eyes of posterity; but they did not interest me, aud I smilod at my own satisfaction in the knowledge that my leaf-embowered goddess had never been pro moted while on earth to wifehood, motherhood, and great-graudmothorhood. She had oome up like a flower, appeared like the leaves on tho boughs from among which her face looked forth, and even as flower nud leaf t-ho had vanished, after a short, swoet summer of life, with the dews still fresh on the rosos of her tender lips and cheeks. She was a fitting oompanion and friend, I thought, for one like mo, living a saddened, ideal life, threatened with disease, overshadowed by death, uncertain of more than a very short duration of mortal existence. Smiling at this oonoeit, I visited her every evening at twilight, vowing vows to her, and making believe to be her lover. She had been dust already ior nearly a century, and I should be dust, perhaps, before another year. Therefore I said we should be lovers. Though always in love with love, I had never loved any woman in my life before, so that the Juno romance, sprung among roses and nightingales, and woven round the dream-maiden in the gallery nook, whose eyes were dust, and whose voice (what a low, sweet voice it must have been !) would never more be heard on earth, was perfectly satisfactory, inexpressibly consoling and delightful to me. A man can hardly confess all the weak things he does when being in low health, and tired of pretending to be strong, the child in his nature, never quite lost in any of us, rises irresistibly and asserts itself. In such a mood he will cry like a girl over a lock of his dead mother's hair, or babble to himself words of tenderness heard long ago, and only grown precious to memory in the hour of desolation. In such mood I raved softly in the dusk and solitude to my little love, with the hair like new-mown hay and the eyes that teemed to listen to me and answer me. One evening, when I was in a particularly fantastic humour, I began to wonder if the spirit that had lived in the creature knew any thing of this wayward devotion of mine, and whether, in case she did, Bhe would be pleased or displeased at it. Upon this, the idea that my dream-love was, after all, no dream, but a living being in another world, which might be only separated from us by the veils upon our eyes, struck me with a force which was a very new and strange experience. It was as if she had, indeed, been spiritually present, and had made her presence felt by me. I thought how strange that were she to make herself visibly known to me it might be only anticipating matters, seeing that in a short time I should be thoroughly qualified to join her where she abode, and I formed a distinct wish that Mayflower (so she was named), with the eyes of spiritual meaning, and the brow like that of a child angel, would come and confer with me here in the shadows, and tell me that secret, perhaps the secret of immortality, which it had seemed to me when I first saw her that she was longing to unfold. I had turned away and walked the length of the gallery, charmed with, and half smiling at, my fancy, and I was within a few yards of the door, when it opened noiselessly and quickly ; there was a grey flutter of drapery shone through by the early- risen moon, which looked towards me from beyond the window in the passage on which the end of the gallery gave. I saw a [light-tinted head set against the glistening moon, whjich formed a golden disc behind it. I saw the spiritual gleam of eyes clear like water ; I saw shoulders of a peculiar outline, and a light gossamer swathing them ; and then the door shut, leaving me nothing but the living- glance that had been flung towards me from the very face which I had adored and apostrophised on the canvas, now hidden by twilight at the more distant extremity of the gallery. I remained standing where I was for several minutes. Fantastic as my humour had been, it had not been in sane, but now I asked myself whether I had suddenly passed the boundary of sanity. That I had seen a vision of the girl Mayflower, who had bloomed a hundred years ^ ago, there could be no doubt, lut whether the vision was conjured up by my own dis ordered mind was a question which troubled me im pertinently. I had not been led to expect that my mind was bound to decay sooner than my body, yet I had seen the spirit of Mayflower, whom I had adjured to come to me. I believed that I had positively adjured her. And she had come. (To bo concluded.) 