Heard in His Own fence. De- " Have I your honor's permission to make a statement ?" "Your honort" oried Lawyer Lang, springing to his feet—" your honor, before you pass on thiB request, I should like to mako a statement myself." "What is it, Mr. LangT" asked the judge. " It's just this," said Mr. Lang, with something more than his usual aoerbity; " you remember, of oourso, that when this man, Cephas Love, was firstbrought to trial he was without oounsel; that he refused to seoure any, and that you therefore peremptorily appointed mo aB such. Tbo appointment was UiseleBS, for the defendant has absolutely and unconditionally refusod to say a word to mo oonoerniug hie ease. I wish it to be distinctly understood, however, that thbsilenoe of tho defendant's has been maintained in the face of my most diligent efforts to break down bis reserve, for while I first aooepted your honor'ijiujuaotion perfunotorily, I ended by becoming deeply interested in what is certainly a unique case—so far as my practice goes. What 1 wish to state with paiticu* lar stress is, that I am absolutely and entirely ignorant of tho nature of the statement which Mr. Love has asked permission to make. In fact, sir, all I oan ollioiaily claim to know of this man is, that on tho fourteenth of this month of August, 18'JO, he was found in tho very aot of throttling another man to death, at No. 803 Pine Street, in this City and County of San Franoisoo ; that he was arreBted in flagrante delictu by Ollioer Thomson j^and thai he has been confined in the city prison ever sinoe. He is no more a olient of mine than is your honor, and it would be a gross misuse of terms to stylo him a • defendant.' " * As Mr. Lang sat down, the man referred to as Cophas Love shook hands with him cordially, and repoated his requeBt for a hearing. " It is a rather unusual proooeding—at this stage of the trial," said the judge, "for a person in your position to make a statemont, but tho whole proceedings in thia oase have been unusual. Moreover, I have not tho right to deny you. Do you wish your statement. to appear as evidenoe ?" ''Yes, sir." "Take your place in the witness-stand, then, aud be sworn." He repeated the clerk's mumble-jumblo of words with slow emphiuis, and laid an intonation upon the concluding words, " So help mo God,' that gave them a reverential t fleet 1 not often heard in that courtroom. The sketoh whioh tho artist of a morning paper was at this moment making, showed a tiny, neat man, sitting primly with crossed lego and smoothing out the folds of a red- »ilk handkerohief spread over his knees. His hands, face, and scalp were of a false ruddiness that was caused by a network of small vein.) in tbe skin, and that was made all the more 1 vivid by the contrast of a fringe of tluxen-white hair and two patches of close trimmed whiskers that lay on eaoh oheeK like small powder-puffs. His eyes were light- blue and moist; his lips thin and straight; aud the rest of his features ordinary and inexpressive. Ho was dressed in a suit of darkgrey clothes, and looked something between an upper servant and small lawyer. There had been evca more than the usual interest felt iu the case, tbe oourt-room was crowdod, and when the prisoner began there was a strained attention to hear what be had to say, ma^eall the more necessary because of the rather low aud rather quick voice in which he spoke. My name is correctly given on the documents in the case, I believe," he began ; " besides which, it has been on the oity direotory for the past thirty- two years. It is Cephas Clavcring Love, although the middle name is very seldom used. I am uixty-threo years of age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn., on the thirteenth of April, 1827\. I came to San Franoisoo thirty-three years come next Christmas Eve, and for twenty-one years thereniter I was a clerk (or the law tirm of Kittridge aud Shaw, as I believe your honor well knows. For the past twelve years I have been engaged in the law-stationery department of Messrs. ltooker and Coe. These gentlemen, together with many others, I understand I have a right to summon as witneBfes to testify aB to my good character, but 1 shall put none of them to this inconvenience—" "Proceed, Mr. Love," said the judge, for witnees had stopped and was nervously rubbing tho palms of his small, withered bands with his handkerchief. " Thank you, your honor," said the old man, "I'm not used to making lung epucebes All I need say in any preliminary way about myself ia, that I am a widower, with one married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia that am a member of Dr. Wall's ohurfth ; that I live temperately, drinking but little and smoking lens ; and that I am a quiet, law respeotiug, God-fearing old man. Yet I nit here to-day in this court a murderer." " Your honor," exolaimed Mr. Lang, once more springing to his feet, " I must insist that the witness be instructed. Your honor knows that a plea of not guilty was entered in the oourt of examination, and a similar plea has been entered in thiB court of nraignment. This man is on trial; ho has not been convicted, and I call upon your honor to instruct the witness thd,i he must not use suoh terms of aelf-acousation, as well as to inform the jury that they pay no attention to tho wild words of the witness." " The witness is thoroughly conversant with legal practices, I believe, Mr. Lang," said the judge, •• and fully appreciates the gravity of his position and the necessity for oarelully weighing wbat he has to say. Nevertheless if—" • E touso me, your honor," aajd the old mau Love, gently stretching oat a somewhat .shaky hand toward the judge ; '' you need not caution me, your honor. Ism, aB you aay, thoroughly aware of the gravity of my *ords—and position. What I esy is simply the truth, and the truth oan injure no one. ( am a murderer, and I purpose telling the dtory of my crime without attempting any palliation," There was a atir in the oourt-room, and a veiled woman—the mother of the victim, it was said—leaned forward in her chair and sobbed, Your honor," cried Mr. Lang, again on those ready feet of his ; " thero iB an attempt at sensationalism here," with a vibrating forefinger pointed in the direction of the sobbing woman, and he asked that it be stopped." Well, now," said the prosecuting attorney with hot sarcasm ; " we must say we like that. During the whole of these proceedings haven't said a blessed word. We've allowed you to put your man on tbe witnessstand with all the stsge-effcot you wanted and without a boo ; and now, because this ooor, bereaved woman—this heart-stricken mother—gives way to hor natural grief when the horrible crime wbich robbed her of her darling is brought to her mind, you— you, sir, who should be the last man to make a sound, go to babbling about sensationalism. Why, sir—" " That will do, gentlemen," eaid the judge, quietly but firmly,for Mr. Lang was actually Ouunding about in his anxiety to make his retort. " Go on, sir," he added, turning to the defendant, who during the disouseion had busied himself folding his red handkerohief into a neat, square package. " Since working for MussrB. Booker and Coe," Cephas Love oontinued, " I have been in tbe habit of walking to the store along Pine Street eaoh morning from my boardinghouse, at the oorner of Larkin and James Streets. On the sixteenth of June last, or it might have been the seventeenth, I noticed that No. 8G3, after having been vaoant for many months, was about to betenanted. Tho next morning, and it was a Friday, I remember, my attention was again attracted to No. 803, and this time by a very peculiar incident. The two windows on the gtound floor, where the parlor was evidently situated were draped wit'i h^&vy; curtains of soma maroon-eoloted stuff, after a fashion whieh used to be in vo^ue for diuicg- rooma when I was abov. A J 1 was passing the house, th ourtain r.eaier me was drawn aside and a face peered oat—such • lace M fright«o« t child in what art oalled iti very ' bad dreams.'" Lang. " Describe it, Mr. Love," eaid the attorney "I oan not," said the witness, patting oat both hands ID a gesture of repulsion that was straDgely energetic in a man seemingly BO plaoid and undemonstrative; «'it was more of a mask than a faoo. Not one of the those grotesque maskB, you understand, but one of utter vacuity—a blank, an emptiness, a soulless nothing. The eyes were big, wide open, with the white showing all around the pupil between the fixed lids. The ohecks pale and flabby, the nose a line, and the mouth half open, with the lower lip dropping." Here a strange thing happened, for while tho prisoner described the faoo, his own took on that of the oreaturo ho was delineating, until in tho place of the little old gentleman of semi-clerical aspect there appeared tho doddling head of a mowing idiot. Tho red handkerchief had been snatched up from where it lay smoothly folded over on his knee, and was now grasped in both hands like a ball. " I could only see his faoe," said Love, dropping back,BO to speak, to himself, " be oauee he brought tha ourtains oloee up about his neck, like a garment—like a dressing, gown. After I had moved on a few paoes, I turned around, for so strange was the impresrtion produced on me that I oan liken it to little less than fascination .The faoe had not moved, but tho great staring eyes were still fixed on mo as the eyes of a portrait done in oil-painting always seem to be, no matter where the observer may move. More than onuo during the day I found myself thinking of this vacant, fatuous faoe, and then toward the afternoon I managed to dismiss it with the resolution that it undoubtedly belonged to some poor, unfortunate being, whose friends preferred to take private oharge of him rather than send him to an asylum, and that his presence at tho window was due to the temporary absenoe of those whose duty it was to look after him. But with all thia oommon-sense view of tbe matter, I found myself stupidly excited and nervous as I drew near the house next morning. Well, sir—I mean, your honor—the fellow must have been watohing for me, for as I oame opposite the windows again, a thin, white hand parted the curtains and the vaoant faoe was turned onoo more upon me. Thia time, 1 thought that the eyes, though fixed and wide open, had the light Gf a nasty smile in them and that the drooping lowsr lip was shot out in a grimace of oontempt. I bad a stoat walking cane in my hand," said the witness, jumping up, "and I threatened the fellow with it in this way." Here he shook out the red-silk handkerchief and waved it rapidly toward the jury-box as though it were a danger signal. One of the jurymen drew back, with a nervous start, and the judge looked curiously at the defendant- witness. " Control yourself, Mr. Love," said he, " and tell your etory as oalmly as poBsible." " I will,your honor,"hereplied,with meekness and au instant change of demeanor, although it was noticed that great beads of perspiration had brcken out on his forehead, and that, now and then, these merged themselves one in the other and then rantriokling down his face like an overcharged rain-drop on a widow-pane. " For two or three days I changed my way to the office," he oontinued, " and took another street,BO as to eaoape the sight of th e oppressive face. It was a useless precaution, however, for what had been a dayhorror now became a night-mare. For the first time in my lifo, I booame the vioiim of insomnia. Tbe horrible blank features covered the walls like a patterned paper ; they were as visible in the darkness as in the light; they kept my eyes open and Btared into them ; and they covered me like waves rolling over my bed. The void, meaningless face was with me in a hundred fantastio and distressing shapes, and I felt that I could have strangled the beast of a possessor had he oomo within my grasp." The little man's voioe rose into screeoh, the dull blue eyes flashed like a moving mirror, and his ohest heaved, while he twisted tho red-silk handkerohief into a scarlet rope. " On the morning of the third sleepless night," he went no, sinking his voioe into a a hoarse whisper, while the orowd in the oourt-room leaned forward as one man to hear what was being said—"on the third morning, I got up and determined to put an end to it all. 1 took out a lazor, threw baok my collar, in this way, and was going to cut my throat, when tbe idea entered my head that I would firstgo and squeeze the life out of my tormenting devil, and then oome baok and make away with myself. Dressing hurriedly,I ran down stairs and into the street. I was in front of No. 863, like a flash oj double-greased lightning. Quick as I was tbe montrous villain was just as quick. Baok went the ourtainB, as though jerked by red Zamiel himself, and out shot the face--a scarecrow that would frighten the very bluebuds of heaven. No doubt about it, the ghost-like thing was mocking me now— mocking my misery, mocking poor old me, who had been cursed by it for forty million years. 1 don't know what I said. Call them black, bad words. All the blood rushed to my head, until my ears rang like the seven bells of Kingdom come. With a one, two, three, I was in the house ; and with a four, five,Bix, I was squeezing his wind-pipo—like this." "Look out, judge 1" yelled Mr. Lang, while a cry of horror rose from the people. The judge had been gently swinging himsels around in a quarter-circle on his chair, looking keenly now at tho curious witness, and now inquiringly at tho proseouting at- torney. As he Bwung round the last time, the prisoner leaped out from his place, as though moved by a steel spring, and flung himself upon the judge like a oat. The shock threw the judg9 out of the ohair, and both went dbwn together. There were snarls and screams from behind the desk, and when the bailiff reached him had wound the handkerohief around the judge'B neck and was tugging at it like a demon. A dozen other rescuers were on hand the next minute, but it took nearly the whole of their misdirected strength to tear away the shrieking, frothing maniac and oarry him downstairs to the safer acoommodation of the " tanks." " Tu« late Archbishop Tait was once stay* ing at a small village in Perthshire. He gave instructions for his letters to be Bent to the looal post office to be oalled for. On the firB day of his arrival the Archbishop went down to the general shop whioh also did duty for for the post-office, aud asked; " Are there any letters for the Archbishop of Canterbury To this the storekeeper, without actually replying to the question, said : Maybe you'll be that purrsen yerBel'Z" " Well," B&id; the Arohbishop," as a matter of fact, I am." " Weel," continued the good ma&, I have a son, and he is in a shop in Loudon, and he told me that he aince gaed to St. Paul's Cathedral to hear ye preach, and he was verra weel satisfied wi'ye." THE correlation that .or a long time was supposed to exist between the number of " annular " rings formed in the trunk and the age of the treehaB been refuted on the best of evidenoe. M. Charency, the French explorer who visited the ruius of Palenque, Mexioo, in 185Q, and again in 1882, and therefore at an interval of 23 years, found that the trees that had beeu out by him in the first-damed year had, in the short space of less ttfta an quarter of a century grown new trunks which exhibited no lesB than £30 of these so-called " annular rings"—an average of nearly 10 a yesr. From observations mide by M Bouisenard, it would appear that plants often form no less than twelve coucentrio growths in tho Bpooe of a year, two of whioh are usually much more developed than the remainder, whioh appear to correspond to a period of maximum qirculatory , activity, Diffident Youth: "Why, yen surely i e must know that 1 have a moustache. Can't you see it ?" Shy Maiden: " Yon must remember that I am very ue&r; sighted." 