Tlm-obllffiilion of Retting Jlmilly to prosH bcfoiv tlioifretU bulk of our clty-oti- L'tih'wl I'omlorM liutl loft town for their homes. In the miburhs; comiiollod us to chwo our .repoH"' 'of .the budget nt. the point whui'o.&Lr; Turner Btive the Hljiiil- lleant hud niMtnporlnut Intimation that thei'L jivouUV be uo'Tresh tnxnilon. .That fuel wiiH (luly .couveyed.Ui our. renders lufit evunbiK— we doubt not to the com-, fort itud Riitisfiictioii of u' good, many— uml nUo nil the other sulleut fuels uud figures, with just three - exceptions. Thesei' foru'ilnj; the concluding porLlon of the - 'Jrcnsiircr's splendidly, lucid speech; were the announcement' of iho new public works policy, llio coiiflnuii- tlon of tiie news that more money Is to he spout In railway iiuiIiiLciiiiuotv uml the looketl-for -lnttmatlou that .Uio per centage reductions from the. salaries of public servuntH;nro to continue Tor two years longer. All else our renders learn ed from last eveulng's VUerahl/'-which was being sold In the street before' ttio Treasurer had flnished his specehl . U was a hasty .epitomising of u mass of figures; but the epitome will be 'found souud iiud accurate. \- Mr Turner need not regard increcurp- Ing ciitlelsiu based .on the .assumed. In utility of iiuiklng . h' ' rbvloW of the past year a salleut part of the budget. The practice la essentially tiiiHiucss-llke. and, us we are always being referred to com mercial standards, essentially couuuer- clal. In witness whereof, take the or thodox chairman's spiwch at the meet ing of any public company. U Is not only uaoful to the country, but It la tho due of tho country's representatives to know on olllchil authority why this or that aiillclpaUou made last ycur luis not tteon fulfilled, ntid, more particularly, what the Government did to. meet the contingent situation. Jusl.ou this point it Ih that UiecrUlciHiii off c ret I this morn ing becomes worthier of 'attention. Was Mr Turner entitled to draw iipon the Trust Fund In order to meet the rtetlelt? We do not think that, In the light of the Treasurer's own kuown views ou the subject, much serious fault will be found because when lie hud lo unswer that question he resolved it In Gut ntllrmn- ttvo. Mr. Turner does not approve— noue of us approve— of Trust Funds being available to a Treasurer In a too "easy, accessible imimier." Hut It Is nilher ; csseullai to recollect that, rejecting the Idea of the colony fulling to meet Its , UnuJichil obtlgutlous Immediately they fall due, the hltemativcs were to borrow, or to imposo fresh taxes. Bor rowing being preferred, Treasurers have savuruUy turned to tho Trust Funds instead of putting revenue loaus upon the market. The exception to that policy took place during the regime of Mr. Sldcls. l|fi preferred tho Ikhuo of Treasury bouds. As, however, we have not been able to redeem these bonds out of revenue when the time came for paying up, and the money has had, ihcrofore/'to he taken from tho Trust Funds, the situation Is just what, would havo been had these fuuds been resorted to In the llrst Instance. There Is, however, this difference, telling against the colony, that wo have bad to pay Interest to tbe.lioiulholdcnC A year ago we ventured to tell Mr. Turner- that his project for paying £i!50,000 of bnok debt outiof the years revenue— especially In a year marked by large remlKslous of . taxes— way over- ambitious. It was sulllclent, "The llpruld" though. If under all. Uie clr- cumstauees we couh! meet the big de- llclt In .the.ralhyiiy Interest Yet hud It uot heeii' "'for theilrought'the Trea-' surer'H ambition 'would have eome very near to realisation.' >Ve thought last: ycur .that un iminediuto i'i>udJust|neBt of Die Trust funds was to be'mnde. There Is now a pnrullel situation. An-' other. £250, 000 worth of bouds it Is In tended to . take up out' of revenue tills year. We hope Mr. Turner will be able to do U. Hut, If lie Ih not, If It Is agalii a question with him of borrowing from tho public or from Trust Fuuds, the expectation Is . that ; it will tint be merely a matter .of stretch ing forth his band, that he will ,necd to . "approach,, do facto trustees of our trust moneys, uud get what he wants In, a buHlness way by thu deposit of lutercHt-bearlng Govern ment stock. Those are tho conditions which oiight to have been established hist yenr. It Is tho plain duty .of rar- llument to insist that they shall be established this. Now us to the public works- policy. Mr. Turner Is really biking a leaf from tho hook of the New 8outh Wnlus Premier. Instead, however,, of tlrst doing the thing and reporting' to Par- llumeul afterwards,' he lays the whole project before the people's rcpreseubt- lives before lie spends a single penny. A (rather material difference In methods, when you come to think of It I Now, . what Is the Idea ? Simply to borrow' 1-175,000 for the purpose of carrying out certain special '-public undertakings, sonic of whlcli may pro duce Incomparably more revenue lluiu they cost, and which, we are ghid to see, luclude works, the. policy of which we have long advocated, essentially auxiliary to gohl-gettlug lu Glppsinud. Hut Mr. Turner does not think It proper to charge und one year's revenue for works which are Intended to. hu an ad vantage to many years.' Therefore, -lu- ulend of going Into heroics of taxation In order to get the: necessary- fuuds, Mr Turner purposes borrowing tiib money, nml then charging the revenue with the repayment of principal and Interest, at the mto of 1/25,000.: To dttr minds an 'essentially gooilproposai, Jus- lliled alike by eoiumon sense and public policy. Hut tho press critic of the: Ministry suys that the project is unsound. Ah it infcrentlally uuderiakes not to urge lis objections, ihey need not be lengthily -traversed. Unless there is some magical element i lit. .the term twelve months, instead' of Its being a mere convenience for measurement of time, It Ih not qultu obvious why It should ho. unsound to distribute. , the payment for works over some of. thu ninny years tbcae works ure inteudod lo bcnc>nf On 'ho other, hand." admit tedly there must be a"s went: reasonable- ness" In ' what; Is proposed If. a ' pro- jeel.'ls to rwoBu'neud Itself to the l'uildle Intelligence. Mr. TurnerH proposal surely coutalns (he property of reason- uhleness. . Yes. .uud - It contains more than that. At histhero Is furnished by.lt an olllchil .declaration to. the \yorkl of wltnt "The llernld" Ima In sisted upon for years past— even; with tiib- times at their .worst— the; fact Unit (he colony of Victoria was not a State In liquidation! We are sorry lo say that phases of public policy— happily past— have suggested the Idea to our own neoitle uud to those who are watch- ing us. thnt Victoria was— "done.'' AVe rejoice!' therefore,; to thtiik . that ,;ilr 'I'linier is heartily with its. In iiUlrining that ihlsicblouyj having adjusted a l'ew preliminaries, is Just gelling reudy lo bcglnl A few davs ago our new railway manager,- Mr .lohn . Miithlcson.' "laid out" the llrst doparlmeutal ghost who YonturciL.to.wulk hi his. presence; by ordering a diminution of speed on the Tallaroolc line. There had been the usual preliminaries— u derailment, a de partmental hoard of Innulry. u uiyHtery. Nobody could uudorsluml how the trulu got ofT.. It was the evil spirit of Hie department. Its malignant gjioHt, at It again I Whereat Jlr Muthlesou smlleil sweetlvj'inade-bollevo to adopt 1 1 1 o niy# I wry 11 verdict— he Is so polite Hint new manager!— and then added, as a sort of liappv aflerthought, "llut you mustu't rut: so fast on the Tallaroolc line.' ltnnnliig at a high rate of speed around the curves gives the ghost such it deuce of u chancy you, know!" Now, in unfolding his budget, .thu / Prbiutor disclosed lust evening how -Munager Muthlesou had dealt with another or the departmental "mysteries." Behold on the list of jiropsed works the following' 'Item:—1 "Belaying the line between Dimbooht and the South Aus tralian border with 751b. In lieu of Belli, steel rails, £!M,000 1" Our reader will hardly have forgotten the derail ment of the Adelaide express near ; Dlmhoohi, uuder elicumslanee.s so perl- | lously close to a tragedy. Than were the usual sequels— a departmental In quiry, bewilderment, "mystery 1" in this case, however, Mr llnyig>s, C.H., of Hawthorn, who had tra velled by tho train, smartly laid thu ghost, lie showed that the acci dent whs caused heouuso/ the line wnB too light for the trains run. The Idea of an outsider suggesting such a thing sent Uie department Into hysterics of contemptuous laughter. The cause of the accident was, the officers Insisted, u "mystery," and nothing else. Then cumo Mr Mnthlcson, later on enme the Budget speech and the provision for L'G.OOO to relay the too-light line ! An other good ghost p'lainly gone wrong ! Who laugh to-day ? Mr Huyucs, we suspect I I . 