OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN OORBESPONDENT.] It was in the year of our Lord 1876 that, in the most magnificent w Into marido palace on tho island of Man hattan in old, emaciated man lay on lu-> bed of cider down, v. rcstling \\\ itli the angel of death The lofty room wab richly furnished with all that wealth could supply or lu\uiy demand, foi the woilil liad born laid utidci tribute to gratify the Mvnity of the dying man who, in a few a,omeuts, was to soh e thp dread mystery of mysteries a trial that sooner or Uter comes to us all Around the dying man's bed theie were no tearful watchers, for there were 1 none to mouin Children he had nono no loving child had ever climbed Ins knees to. call him "Father," relations he abhorred and nevei acknowledged that he had any, he had no favourites or pets , no cat or dog or bird ev er claimed his, notice or attention, and in his intercourse with those with w horn he was associated in business, his friendship was such as, miy he supposed to exist among the icebergs at the Pole Money was his God lu all the land the poldon calf had no more devoted wot shipper Alexandei Tourney Stewart liad piled up many millions of dollars, but Ins lust for gold exceeded his accutnu luting wealth, till at last death stopped lum in the hour of Ins grandest success, and he gav e up the ghost, feebly mur muring, " Too late ' too late ' too late ' ' He had built for himself and his wife a mausoleum which rivalled the most beautiful cathedral on the North American con tment, and beneath the crjpt was a white marble sarcophagus, in which all that was mortal of inmbelf and his wife were to repose till, on the judgment day, the Archangel's trumpet should t>ummon the Quick and Dead In history, ancient or modern, there j is no _ record of_ a single life which comprises such failure and success. He died the greatest and richest merchant prince in the United States, yet it availed him nothing. 'It was all secured by one who was neither kith nor kin. Tue white marble sarcophagus in the crypt of the beautiful cathedral at Garden City is tenaiitless; the bones of the great merchant lie beneath tho blue waves of Lake Chiimplain, where the robbers threw them when the pursuing detectives were on their track. Wednesday saw one of the closing chanters in this history of vanity muí pride, when the great store which ho erected on the corner of Ninth-street and Broadway closed its doors. Nothing like it had ever been seen in this country before. It was more than a rival for the Bon Marche of Paris. On i its completion he had achieved the great ambition of his life ; the new up- town store being the great central depot for his retail trade, and the splendid white marble building on the curner of Chambers-street and Broad- way was devoted exclusively _ to _ the wholesale trade, and the result justified his judgment, for in the year 1875 his trade amounted to the enormous sum of 4C,OO0,000dol. In 1876 he died. All the great fortune he accumulated was secured by Judge Hilton, his legal adviser. The Judge set his three sons up in the business. They have carried it on with various changes .for 20 years, and after using up five millions of the Judge's money ion Wednesday their bankruptcy was announced. On Tuesday evening, when the store closed, the employees received no intimation of trouble. When they returned to work on Wednesday they found the doors closed, and a notice to the effect that the business was closed not to be resumed. All Tuesday night, and until the early light broke through.the windows on Wednesday morning, Mr. Hilton and his lawyer, who was appointed his assignee, struggled with the hard and ironclad problem of how to avert the coming ruin. Eight hundred thousand dollars must be raised before the going down of to- morrow's sun, or the firm of Hilton & Co. would be posted on the list of bankrupts, the ruin of which will form one of the saddest and most startling chapters in the history of 189G. In connection with the closing of this great store this week, in utter and hopeless ruin, is a weird _ and romantic incident which seems to have been for- gotten by the great mass of newspaper readers, thought it created a profound sensation at the time. One of the ironclad rules of the_ firm was that all clerks must be at their stations before the announcement was made that the store was open for business, and the clerks on either side of a missing clerk were liable to be discharged if they failed to report the. unfortunate ab- sentee. James Walsh was a smart young Irishman who, I believe, was attached to the silk department. He was in- dustrious, frugal and honest, attentive to his business, bright, cheerful and obliging ; he was a model salesman, and liked by every one in his depart- ment. It was in the month of Feb- ruary, 1875, which will long be re- membered as one of the most bitterly cold months that the country had_ ex- j perienced for years. Mr. Walsh lived in Brooklyn with his wife and two children, and in humb'e apartments was as happy as happy could be. It was about the middle of the month ; the East River was full of floating ice, in which the ferryboat got caught and drifted helplessly. It was about an hour late when James Walsh reached Stewart's store. He was just about to assume his position, when a mes- senger told him he was wanted at the office. On reaching the office^ an envelope was handed him containing the balance of his wages and his dis- cbarge. It was in vain that he attempted to cpt a hearing that he might explain ; at last an officer was called who thrust him from the store. His wife took sick worrying over her husband's loss of employment ; both were too proud to beg ; there was no money to buy food or fuel or medicine, and the weather was bitterly cold. Walsh thought he would make one more effort to see Mr. Stewart. This time he was recognised as he entered, when he was seized by an officer and thrown out of the store. On the Broadway side the steps were steep and slippery, and, missing his footing, he fell, severely injuring himself. As he lay_ on the sidewalk he pointed his finger at the building, and shrieked, "May the curse of God follow this building till its iron pillars be melted in the tires of hell, and may he who owns it perish of dry rot, with no friend to mourn him, and may his name be accursed among men," he fell back upon the freezing sidewalk, and two days after he committed suicide. Less than a year after that, Alexander T. Stewart died wofth fifty millions of dollars^ yet hu life was the most gigantic failure of his time. He had a burning desire to be somebody or to do something that should make him distinguished among his fellow-men. In one of his sudden philanthropic fits he conceived the idea of founding a home for poor working girls, where they could get comfortable board at a cheap rate. The building was started on a gigantic plan ; it was to be built of iron, and fireproof. All of a sudden the work was stopped, and the half-finished building was allowed to go to ruin, and it was supposed by many that it was the working girls' home he was thinking about while he was dying, when he mumbled feebly, " Too late ! too late ! too late !" After Mr. Stewart's death Judge Hilton got possession of the ¡«tore-no- body knew exactly how it was done, and he started his three sonB in the business, associating with them Mr.1 Denning and Mr. Hughes, who had previously been connected with Mr. Stewart. Notwithstanding the store's great name, and though backed by un- j limited capital, it was a dead loss from the start. In backing his sons, and in the vain endeavour to save them from ' bankruptcy and ruin, Judge Hilton is paid to have lost ov-er 'five millions of dollars. The dying man's curse hung like a blight on everything ; I failure succeeded failure ; disustor succeeded disaster ; turn which ¡ way thev would, the avenging Nemesis i was on their track, till the end caine on Wednesday, when it closed its doors, never to bo opened to the dry goods trade again. "Oh, vanity of vanities !" The man's nattie will soon be forgotten as connected with any of the groat works with which ho undertook to per Eetuate his name. The millions that e piled so high have vanished. The marble palace wherein he died is now a club house, where roaring politicians ciuaff their champagne and hold high jinks until the coming of the morning light stops their mad carnival. A few years more, and his name will be for- gotten, or if rememb&red;, above it will be written " Bankrupt in body and soul." Ever since David Bennet Hill ap- peared in the Legislature of New York, under the protecting wing of William M. Tweed of glorious memory, he was known to be a little foxy. Senator Hill is a very reticent man ; what he knows, he knows, but he will take very good care that nobody else shall know lt. He nlways kept on hand a good sup- ply of ifs, ands, and buts for future use. Senator Hill, according to the nomen- clature of "The Boy Orator from the Platte,'' is a Gold Bug, and there comes the hitch. In the Senate of the United States it was Hill who led the charge against the Popocrats ; his speech in favour of the honest money and the maintenance of honest credit was the ablest made in that august body. He fought for the gold standard as the base of all commercial transactions, till a majority of the great commercial nations shall fix a standard upon which they can all agree. It is not a ques- tion of 1C to 1 or 20 to 1, or 100 to I-it is a question of common honesty in the dealings of men one with another ; J or in other words, " to do unto your I neighbour, as you wonld have your I neighbour do unto you." Where do the I repudiators look for their main sup- port? Among the merchnnts and manufacturers of the East ? No ; they look for their largest majorities in the South and West. Where farms aro mortgaged for twice their value and wheie they live in houses built on money borrowed in the East, and where they want Government aid to pay their délits by declaring that 63 cents is a dollar. 'That is not Democracy ; not the Democracy of Jefferson and Jackson, to which men turn in these latter days for the inspiration which wakes the very name of Democracy stand as tlio symbol of honour and honesty, and everything elso wortli pre- serving in our nationul life. Senator Hill invited the national I attention to his claims for national re- cognition when, in the zenith of his power, he sent forth his ringing pro- clamation throughout the land. '" I ara a Democrat " VVhen he made that an- nouncement his star had reached its zenith-the grandest state in the American Union was among his per- sonal assets. Its offices were his to do with them whatsoever he would. A friend of his, a brewer, had done him a great personal service, and he requited His fidelity by making him a United States Senator, and seating him beside himself in the Nations grandest Council-and he did all this against the earnest protest of the most eminent men of his own party and the universal condemation of the press. But he spat on the press, and gav e the leaders of his party to understand that w hen he wanted their advice he would ask for it Looking back to that day, over four years ago, one is apt to ask oneself w hat is the cause of this sudden change of f t on t, orín the words of another great man, "where am I at" Why is Mr Bryan invited to Wolfert's Roost to break bread The place is quite a romantic one, and was planned and completed as a comfortable home, in his old agc, by frit/ Emmett the actor, who=e German impersonations delighted our fathers and mothers 25 years ago After Fritz's death it was purchased by Governor Hill, as a con venient place for retirement and rest whenever he desires it It was to this delightful and secluded spot that our »etuoi senator and defeated candidate for President invited his success ful rival, the result of his visit we will know later on-but depend upon it there is something else in it besides brotherly love and courtesy These, in the language of Shakespeare, are but springes to catch woodcocks Senator Hill has no need of such vv eapons for Ins kind of game But why did Senator Hill, we ask again, invite the Boy Orator from the Platte to Wolferb s Roost? Was it merely in the exercise of that generous courtesy which one gentleman may extend to another without special observation vv here one is at home and the other is a stranger ? Senator Hill, though one of the most abstemious of livers, is nevertheless one of the most generous of entertainers , he nev er drinks wine or any kind of spuituous liquor, he does not smoke, and except in cases of special excitement he seldom swears, so lie and the Boy Orator might get along very nicely, the spiritual difference between them being that Mr Bryan, like the good Christian that he it, attended divine service at the Dutch Reformed Cnuich, but Senatoi Hill did not All the politicians have been asking during the week, what on earth did he want with the Boy Oiatoi, anyway? The school he was laised in was one of bargaining and deals His eminent preceptor, William M Tweed, when approached by him, asking ofhcial favour, wanted to know what the petitionei had to give in ex change A favouute quotation of his was ' Nothing from nothing remains " So everyone thinks that the invitation of Senator Hill to Mr Bryan, to come and break bread with him at Wol ferts Roost, was only a curtain raiser, preparatory to his handing in his cheque^ He believes m regularity , without regularity there can be no party, and without a well organised Earty no hope of political success In nef, rich rewards for the victors, con demnation and kicks for the defeated, and the result was that every man in the ward felt he was fighting for his life He remembered w ho the leaders were and how they got up, and asked himself why his chance was not just as good as Bill Tweed's or John Kelly's, or Bill Sheehan's or Dick Croker s, and he saw that there were millions m it Now I am going to have my guess I think he wanted to get the Boy Orator alone for the purpose of sizing him up, he wanted to find out what manner of man was he who swept a hard headed, old fashioned Democratic Convention off its feet- such a phe nomenal nomination as has nev er been accorded to a Democratic candidate before Senator Hill felt that it was mar vellous, and I have no doubt that he would have given up Wolfert's Roost and the promise of a good fat consulate into the bargain, to know how it was done But ne was no v. iser when the Boy Orator went away than when he arrived A number of people away out West have tried that before, and ii nally came to the conclusion that Mr Bryan was a mighty poor pump The trouble with Senator Hill and many of the most powerful Democratic leaders is legitimacy, and still with this arrant political humbug staring them in the face, they have the cheek to as* Mr Se wall, their regular candidate, to get down and out, after his receiving virtually the same vote from the same delegates that nominated their candi date for fPresident, Mr Bryan The Populists endorsed Mr Bryan, and now they claim the light of nominating the Vice Piesident who shall run with him That privilege will not be accorded them. Mr Bewail will run just as [surely as a National election is to be held in November next He bas gone Josh be thanked ! Who? Why, Li Hung Chang. And lie has made us twice glad. We were glad he came to visit us. and glad when ho went away. We all wanted to see what a first- class Chinaman looked like, mid there was nothing shoddy about Earl Li. Aside from uping the greatest living Chinaman, ho ia tho richest man in tho world, who lives in. Imperial style when at home, and maintains an array of 40,000 fighting mon to look out for His Highness' i safety. When he was hero he WHS running under short sail, but he bad a band of 50 chosen men to look after his wants, and when you consider that they were all quartered in the most expensive apartments of the Waldorf, you may rest assured that his board bill was not a light one. He carried his own cook with him, so that he was not compelled to eat any of our barbarian dishes, and wherever he went he carried with him his royal chair, and when he left his carriage four stout _ fellows manned the poles, so that his royal Highness had scarcely to touch his foot upon the ground. There is one thing connected with his reception which will long be re- membered with pride by our people, and with satisfaction by the represen- tative of China. Wo have in New York City a million and a half of I people, and among them the most turbulent and ignorant characters to bo found on the face of the globe. Prince Li traielled in a style that] challenged criticism, yet from the I moment of his arrival till he left us, I no sign or word marred the harmony of I his reception. And when in after years j the groat Chinaman shall sit down in I his palace to con over the memories of I the past, he will remember New York, for good order and generous hospitality, as becond to no city in the world. By th» stoamer St. Paul this week a passenger returned who left us under peculiar circumstances more than a decade ago. At Greenpoinb, in the city of Brooklyn, lived a young Irish Êhysiciau by the name _ of Gallagher, 'eliudbeeu a mechanic, but in his spare tirap, which other young msn [devoted to amusement he devoted to his profession, and it was not long till lie liad secured a medical^ practico second to thatof no physician in the dis- trict in which he lived ; the great bulk of his practice being charitable attend- ance upon the poor. One morning Greenpoiut was startled by the news that Dr. Gallagher was missing. Some suggest«! suicide ; others foul play, but still the mystery was not solved till all London was aflame at the at- tempted blowing up of tho Parliament House, where several innocent people were injured, and some slight damage was done to Parliament House itself. It was a cowardly thing to do, and could only be done by men who believe in the lowest and most vulgar forms of assassination. A few days after Dr. Gallagher was arrested,tried, und found guilty of the crime, and sentenced to imprisonment for life. , Though out of sight_ the, doctor was not forgotten. His friends appealed to the President and to Congress, and used every possible means to secure his pardon, but in vain. At one time it was said that he was starving himself to death, but the report made no im- pression. Two weeks ago the Govern- ment pardoned him, and this week he returned to his Brooklyn home, a wiser, and I trust a better man. 