HEAD-HUNTING i 4BB8BB. HE traveller, Mr. George JL Bft m Scott, has found 3- tribe of swfi. ^^sjk^ head-hunting savages in «Uw j**^i^L Upper Burmah who fol ,BhI) j^jjl ''' *ow ^ tae strange cus rvTO^w TV 7* toms of Boroao and the ? &W;&M;& zT*}m\ other islands; he tells ^fflinfflanF^S about them . in ' the 'U-HMJU lim 'Asiatic Quarterly.' i^—T~:~~ ~~^~~-^~. - ~ These people are called ? ^^, Was, and they dwell on the Salwen Kiver among the Shans, who have no such practice'. That is where the interest comes in. Mr. Scott understands that the Was value heads especially as a protection against ghosts. A European inquirer1 is very apt to be misled in questioning savages about their customs, but ! this theory is probable enough. The Dyaks also are terribly afraid of ghosts, especially of those ' which represent men killed in war; they call such Mino Buau, and it is likely that some tribes rely, upon a head to protect them, among the numberless services which that article performs. We use the present tense for convenience, though nearly all the Dyaks have, had to drop head hunting in these days, and the Kayans only follow it in their own territory, where no man knows or cares what they do. But if constraint were re moved all would joyously recommence tomor row. In one respect, however, of no ethical im portance, the Was appear to differ. Heads have a market value with them, ranging from two rupees for the 'unwarlike Lem' to' 50dol for a Chinaman; but perhaps the Borneans are not equally businesslike only because there is no de mand. Europeans naturally incline to seek a motive lor a practice which seems so horrible to them, and they have found it especially in the* obliga tion of a bachelor to oresent the maiden of his choice with a head. Such a custom may proba bly exist; doubtless the young woman would be flattered. But it is opposed to the idea of head taking which, as has been said, is to benefit the community rather than to glorify the individual. We see that expressed in the£3lengap, the sa cred song of the Headfeast, a Chant of such anti quity that much, of it. is unintelligible to the singer or the hearers. This ditty tells how Klieng gives a feast to gods and mortals — to the trees and flowers also, the mountains, and all nature. But Singalang Burong, the God of War, does not come, for he is asleep. He is roused at length by the Spirit of the Winds, and consents to join the festivity. But his wife UEJay will not go without a certain 'ornament' which gives her power over all things that exist. The omen birds are dispatched to seek it throughout the universe, and canto after canto relates their fruitless quest. At length the mysterious object is traced to the house of Nising, grandfather of the night-omen bird, who refuses to lend an article of such tremendous potency. More cantos tell how the birds exhort and threat en him in vain. Finally, they make him drunk, steal the 'ornament,' carry it to Unjay, who un rolls the package — and at this point the singer throws the 'head' upon the floor amid terrific cheering. That is the talisman which all nature . obeys. To us© it for a wedding present is evi dently an incidental convenience. The posses sion of heads ensures favorable harvests and success generally; but the Dyaks do not ask why. Missionaries assert that they have some notions of a deity; but it is not to conciliate him that heads are taken. They are not even offered to Singalang Burong, the God of War, who receives no sort of worship. , In the idle time of year, when the crops, had. been got in, young men considered whether they would collect jungle produce, gutta and damar, honey, wax, rattans, and so forth, for sale to the Chinese pedlars, or go after heads. The market price of such articles often decided them. Those ?who went head-hunting started without cere mony, carrying u store of tobacco, betel, anfl salt, relying on their woodcraft to get food. The march was guided by omen birds. Innumerable cases of. treachery almost beyond belief are re corded; yet the Dyaks are singularly frank, hon est, and manly in all other relations. A young chief of the Rejang paid a visit to a Kayan tribe with whom his people had the closest friendship, attended by thirteen followers. His hosts in vited him, after six months' stay, to join them in a head-hunting expedition. He went, with six of his people; the Kayans murdered them all, and returned in triumph with the heads. But hospitality is sacred among them. There was a village in the Blait country often attacked but never captured. One day three Meerut warriors with women and children fled there, as they said, for refuge. The villagers received them kindly, and they took up their residence in a house lean ing against the stockade. One night the Kayans broke in, burned the village, and slaughtered every male, carrying off the women and chil dren — those Meeruts had cut a hole in the stock ade. It is cheering to add that the Kayans took their heads also, not because- they disapproved the treachery, but just as an addition to the tro phies of this glorious ^success. Men, old or timid, even hung about their own homes not in frequently, murdered a friend, and brought in the head — smoked beyond recognition as they hoped; often they miscalculated, but we never heard of a penalty -worse than banishment laid upon the murderer. The fervor of the chase excused almost anything in a sportsman. Or there -might be a dispute about land between two villages ; fruit trees especially cause trouble. Then' two cham pions went out, and he who first returned with a head won the day for his party. This, called Babukid, was the most atrocious form of all, for the champions would not go far when time was of the greatest importance. The people of neigh boring villages did not dare to go abroad while a Babukid was undecided. — 'Pall Mall Gazette.' 