FANCY DRESS PROCESSION AT < MERINO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Meexno, Ang. 18. Following tbe ball held here on Friday night, there was a fancy drees procession on Saturday. A more suitable day conld not have been selected, and the fine weather added largely to tne success oi w« snow. About three o'clock the procession started from the railway goods shed and marched np the main street, followed by a crowd of onlookers on both sides. The procession was led by the Highland piper in fall uni form. playing stirring mnsic,bnt oo the return jonrney the bagpipes gave way to the band which for variety and discord conld not well be superseded. It was tbe Darktown Opera Company, which only required a cultivated taste to appreciate; tin whistles, concer tinas, accordians, horn cornets, and other melodious instruments, chief of which was perhaps a hand barrel organ turned by a monkey wheeled in a barrow by bis humpy- backed owner. The whole crowd carried on tbe most extravagant antics wfaitot " Sergeant Scroggros" and DonstaDle O'Riley '' were vaiuly trying to keep order and laying about them left stnd right with their batons. At the Commercial Hotel, where tbe crowd was thickest, it had been arranged to amuse them by a sensational in cident, and tbe idea was so well carried cot that many of the spectators thought a real tragedy was enacted. It appears tbat whilst a newspaper agentwas becoming tooob- streperona "Gonetable O'Riley" endeavoured to keep him quiet, bat tbe agent would liot respect the majesty of the law, and aloud afteraction ended in 'blows naturally given and parried until the constable re ceived a knock which felled him, and he then laid, kicking and sighingaa ii about to gire up the ghost. "Dr. Phyaiknm " being called cone with all haste and by the exercise of his skill brought the quasi- gnardisu of the peace round so that be conld be carried away in a stretcher and emptied into the ambulance van. In tbe meantime the newa-man ran away, porsoed by "Ser geant Scroggios " on horseback, bat refusing to surrender, the sergeant fired three shots, the second bringing tbe agent on bis knees and the last shot laying him flat oat. The people thereupon gathered np and "Dr. Physiknm " was again called and feeling the limbs with his professional touch, the doctor prononnced a leg broken and other serious injuries, then proceeded with huge splint and profuse bandages to tie the patient np like a mummy, ultimately pouring a potent over him, which had the effect oi making him Bit np. He was then thrown into the litter and ultimately shot into the am bulance van, tbe doctor meanwhile en treating his hearers to carry him gently out of consideration to his injuries. Upon reaching the football ground just outside the town, other comedies were carried out to amuse the onlookers. For ioatanceatent that had previously been erected on the ground was seen to be on fire, and the people thiokiog it was accidental, rnshed the spot, and were horrified at eeeiog a supposed human body dragged out of the flames borne away and laid out on the grass, whilst Dr. Phisiknm wss again in request. Another incident was the escape of tbe monkey which ran amongst tbe crowd on all fours, panned by the crowd of fancy dressed ones, tumbling over each other in their mock efforts to catch the creature. After this a preliminary game was played by way of another farce, aod then a mixed game took place in which some real football waa shown, though many good players conld not dis tinguish themselves in the science of the game owing to their hampetiog dresses. The malch ended by Mr. Cocbrane'a aide kicking four goals to Mr. Meldrom'a three goals. A collection on behalf of tbe object in view was made oo tbe ground, by which means 27s was added to the fond. Mr T. E. Silvester then addressed a few words of thanks to all those who had assisted, especi ally mentioning ihe Stratbdowuie footballers with their famous piper, who had contri- buted so largely to tbe success of tbe canae. Mr. Silvester's remarks were endorsed by acclamation from the crowd. After this, abont six o'clock, the crowd and players dis persed homeward. It would be a hard task to adequately de scribe all tbe leading characters shown, bat the man with the monkey took immensely with the crowd, as did -the -comic police man O'Riley, with his superior officer Sergeant Scroggins. Other excellent cos tumes were those of tbe Bros. Meldrnm, D. Dwyer. G. Cools ton, W. Blackburn, H. Hazlewood, W. Broben, the brothers Hot- lard, and a good many others not recognia- able. The following is a 'complete list ss far as conld te obtained of tbe parties and their characters, in the order of procession': — Chinese bicycle rider, J. Meldrnm ; Highland piper in costume, John M'Pber- bod ; Mayor and Mayoress of Darktown in decorated car, and their piccaninnies, W. Meld rum, J. Conlaton, J, Diwtll and R. liolUrd ; Italian organ-grinder, with hand cart, dog, etc:, 'and his monkey, Fa Wilson aud W. Smith ; Sedan chair, containing Li H ong Chang, carried by Chinese servants, Brothers Hollard (3) ; Darktown swell and . his lady love,' A. Meldrnm and E. Prime ; ; Darktown cricketer, A. Cochrane ; Sergeant Scrogsins (mounted), F, Meldrum ; Texas Jack, J. Match ; Buffalo. Bill, H. Mallett; Darktown post-boy in chariot, J. Cottar ; Newspaper Agent, W. Broben jj Robinson Crusoe, H. Hazlewoodrj Ambulance Wag gon, with porter in charge, H. Fitzgibbon ; Doctor Physiknm, D. Dwyre ; Doctor's boy (smart), H. Ingram ; Bailor Jack, T. JL>, Clarke ;<Emin Pasha, -G. Goulston ; Dark- town Masher; A. Miller ; : his beat girl, Eliza, W. Walker; a coloured 'aristocrat,' £. Tait ; his lovely smiling Jane, G. Womb- well ; Moots, Carlo, J... O'Brien % a. summer lass, \V. Hazlewood ; PiccsDinnls,-G, Elaton; Ptar'seoap, W. Heauey ; Brook's monkey brand, C. Conlaton; snow, W. H. Black burn ; a Darktown boozer,. W- Bates ; Red Indian, C. Conletqu ; F&ttah.; Chand, W- Hollard ; coloured toff, &. Coulatoo -Dead- wood Dick, X Hollard? Philadelphia lawyer, W. M'Rae ; clown, T. -Hayes ; Darktown footballer, J.fiollivan'j Ysnkeewpeenlator, J, Miles; Constable O'Riley, a teal live mem- ber of the force, JE. BaHrin ; Father Tuna; H. Lang- Tbh Vffiuff creditor ihwoging tbe details of tbe amaaem&ta;/ ':aa ,VreU; ha , originating many jjot jthe -j-bsrisriisra, is dsn: to tbeBrothera Meldrnm, Mr- A.j3Bom,end' Mr- F. Wilson. bsekeAlipJv ".'Very wnthn:', aiaatio hard-working committed 