DR. CHALMIERS AND CARDINAL VYAUGHAN. AsaulED is a copy of a letter sent by the Right Itev. Dr. Chalmera to the-Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan in reply to a letter which appeared in our last issuo:- SBishopthorpeo, Goulhurn, April 27th, 1890. " The Right Roy. Bishop Lanigan. "Right Rev. and Dear Sir,-It has always ap peared to me an unecemly theng for the heads of religious bodies to discuss their theological differ ences by means of correspondence addressed to the editors of secular newspapers, more especially if these heads exercise their sacred office in the same local community. " I, therefore, reply directly to the question you ask io last Saturday's Evening Penny Post, though, as the question was asked publicly, I shall send a' copy of this letter to the same newspaper. "The quotations from Cardinal Vaughan in my recent address to our Synod were taken from the reports given in certain London neevspapers (the Standard of September 10th, 1895, and the Church Times of September 13th) of an address given by the Cardinal at the oponoeg of a Roman Catholic conferonco held on Itonday, September 9th, in the Colston Iall, Bristol, England. The exact words of the latter of these quotations, which I copied from the Chureh Timee, are as follovs :-' The eother and the Child shallu be inseparably wor shtipped by you with that perfect adoration due " In speaking of the abandonment by Roman Catholic controversialists of the argument from RHoly be il.taro and primitive Christianity, I was not thinking of recent disctlsions either in Sydney or MoIlbourno, but of the general line now taken by those who have adopted the late Cardinal Nowman's theory of ' development.' The unprimitive character of certain doctrines is admitted, and this novel theory is relied on td ancoant for present beliefs. The late Cardinal Manning, howeover, goes still further and denounces the appeal to antiquity as both a Ireason and a heresy. It is treason behrcase, he says, it tojccta the Di\ine voice of the church at this hour ; it is heresy becanuse it denies that voice to be Divine ('Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost,' p. 226.) "If the eastern churohes are, as you say, more in harmony in general doctrine and practice with the Roman Church than with the Church of Eng land, surely this gives additional weight and em phasis to their testimony when they sustain the theological positions held by the latter as against the Church of Rome. I am sorry that you should think I am ' hard ' on the Roman Catholic Church. I do not desire to be, nor on any body of professing Christians. I desire with all my heart to speak truth only of all men, and to live, if possible, at peace with all men. Bult we of the Church of England have been urged by the head of your communion to re-consider and abandon our onoles inastical and theological position, and we should, I think, be coming short of our duty if we failed to say honestly and courteoutly why.we cannot at pre sent accept his invitation. ' Believe me, right rev. and dear sir, " Your faithful servant, " 'n . Goutnuns." 