Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and them Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDI[?]. When a pastry cook died the widow added to the fu[?]eral notice, "no flours." "Why » Miw Proper's picture bo severe?* « anted her to look pleeaanV' \- -Although a gbtmay be bright enough to ibotr that v ktu* r i» a sous, die's frequently unable to deouaeit. • , Attta*xCbii*eienee^ <Don'tseca»«ftk«fl»4>ld- *ang**aaat yo«?» ".Sto; I've never asariered any of tbem.'r : ' "How doe. Winters manage to keep the wolf from Hie doef?" "He doesn't. He gave violin) lessons, bat hit family said they preferred the wolf." Will some one tell " A Curious Beader" why (he picture* of boneless carriage* show that many of these new vehicles are provided with whip socket*? She: "Yes, that it Mr. Gamboge, the artist. He is wedded to his art." He: "Judging from his appearance, I should say that he didn't marry for money." "What! Too sty that Herr Schmidt, the merchant, has gone blind? Here's a pretty how d'ye do—l have a bill on the man which is made oat • payable at sight!'" The poet groaned in deep dismay 'Neath comments analytic "Oh, for some pen," they heard him say, ■-- _"To criticise the critic t" . Bobby; "Daddy, what do theyhave id'have a man to pray for Parliament lor.?" Mr.-Ferry; ?Thay dart. He lakes a look at Parttament, and then prays-for the eomtry." "Hannah," said thfrtnistres* t*-he* *ew girl, •*ye* can take tiiat brown serg^dMss.^ sain* and pat it in soak." "Tes'm," said Hewiah] * who's your FaVhU pawnbroker?" n ' Lacy: "The wretoh! And so he has been proposing to both of ns ?. I wish we could think of some fearful way of punishing him." Jennie: " I have an idea. Ton marry him, dear." Bhe: "It's a very pretty ring indeed, dear, bat it is a good deal too targe for me." He (thought lessly): "Yes, I wasafraid it might be. Mildred's hand is bigger by two sises, sure, than yours." Miss Playne: "Is it true thai yon said the mere sight of my face would make a man climb a fence ?" Hargreaves: " I—er— meant, of course, if the man w^o^th* otyt*r aid* of. tte fence," "Excuse me, sir," said Barker to a boorish tracer, " but what is your business?* "lam a gentleman, sir.' Thars my business." ''Ah," sud Barker, " I see. Yon are taking a vacation." A man who, wanted to be facetious, with the milkman as he was measuring oati bis morning portion said:" "Do yen charge extra for the water?" "No," replied the milkman, " the water is thrown in." • • • . , «Waiter," said the guest,. "I'm a little afraid of this milk. Haven't yon any boiled water.?" »• We can bofl you some, sir," replied the waiter, "but the milk is all right. We use nothing but artesian well .water hero." . ' MWnuHa: Vftow, Tonuny.joa hare eaturht cold again; if. you are nof oareful t shall' have to keep yon- in the house altogether." Tommy:, "J - didn't oateh nooold, mamma; the old ooldeaogbt sm. I jes didn't do nnfln but sit on the grass?' Uncle Josh: "I ain't rare whether abdication dona me any good or not. Mebbe I'd a done Utter if I didn't know how to read or write." Annt Samantha: "How so?" Uncle Josh: " Well, I wouldn't a read any • Hints to Farmer*'" •' It is wonderful what progress has been mad* in the way of machinery." remarked Mr. Figg. «I see thai there has t«en a machine mvented that can make a pair of shoes, in sixteen minutes. Why, that is faster than Tommy earn wear them out!" • A woman's paper relate* that a .crusty old bachelor, not liking the way him. landlady's daughter had of appropriating his haiftiL filled - his bottle wtth liquid gf«« th»day batsrvtbe ball to which the girl was invited. Bhe stayed at hosne. ■ Hnggins: " Hello, K.issam, had your hair ant?" Kissam: " Yes, dear boy. I found a place when they cat your hair while you .waft." Hnggins: "That's good. A barber shop'is usuaftya place where (hey'cut sAne other man's hair whfleyov wait." Mother: "Mow, Willie, you've been eating mince pies till you've-madcryowrself iH. lihaU have to sendfor the doctor." Willie: " I say, H you. are sending lor the doctor may I have another mince pie ? 1» won't make any diiferenoe, you know." . v School Inspection. Jones, (reading): " *Not a drum was heard, not a funeral note. As his corse to the ramparts we hurried.'" Inspector, (inter* ruptmg): "What is meant by * not a funeral note' ?" Jones: " Please, sir, then were no mvi« taUons." . Yabsley:." I saw another one of those stories about a man losing his watcb/and not finding it for two yoars. and when he did find it it was still running." 'Mudge: "Well, I know 1 found an old taflor'fl bill I bad mislaid seven years afo, and it was still runnmg." . . . A.: "Did it ever occur to you what a charming convenatfbnist P—is ?" B.: " W#U, I oWt know} not particularly. Why?" A.: fcoh, he .is decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them erorT time fts ranch h* at the flwt telling." - • 