CHAI'TF.H XXI.-"HKOI;CIH THAT I CAN ÍAs Clara Ardon anticipated, dinucr waa lau) that evening ul River Lawn. Il was nearly half-past eight when Mr. and Mrs, Arden I and Daisy mot in tho drawlne-room, and the butler had boen hovcrhg iu the hall for nearly half an hour waiting to announco dinner. " Yon aro looking so pale and so tired Ambrose," Mrs. Arden said, as they soated themselves in the light of the large shaded lamp, supplemented with clusters of wax caudles, a light in which she could see the colour and expression nf his face bctttr than in tho Bofler lamp light of the drawing- room. " I don't think 1 um any more tired than | usual," he answered. " You know what your fashionable physician said cif inc. You must not expect me io look particularly robust." " He said that you were not to devot* your- self lo intellectual work, Ambrose, and you have been doing nothing else since he saw you." " Old hubits aro not so easily put off as doctors pretend lo think. They tell t!ie drunkard he must leave oil brandy, und they tell thc scholar ho must live without books, with just I lie same admirable complacency,un if limy were asking very little." "I'in afraid wc ought lo leave Berkshire," pursued his wife, looking at him anxiously. *' I um Eure that you will he belter uwuy from your books." " I skull he ready to leave my books when my bonks are finished. I am Heming the end. When tliut is done I » ill go where you like." "lt is not where I like, hut where you like," she said sadly. "I am happier here limn anywhere else." " Then let us slay here-till the end of uur liven, i'ou know what Horace s»>i, Daisy." " No, no, I nm not selfish enough to keep you here, when 1 sue thal you were dispirited and out of health. We will go back to London, we will po to Italy, anywhere.1' 'l here was o silence ufler this, Uuuy being more thoughtful than usual, and ii.it offering any diversion by the girlish prattle with which she usually brightened the meal, whether her heart was light or heavy.^ No word had yet been spoken ubout Cyril's absence. The butler hud (juicily removed the cover luid for him, and ihe chair iu which he was to have sat ; but nobody mentioned his name till nearly thc end of theineal, when Clara said rather nervously " Cyril is dining oat, I suppose ?"' " He has gone to London," Ambros? Arden answered quietly. "He is not .coming hack to-night." Clara looked at him wonderingly as he answered. Had Cyril told his father thal his cngaeement was ut un end ? She could hardly believe that her husband would have taken the blow so quietly. It was left for her, sho thought, to tell him of his disappointment. Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon as she was free to leave the dining- room, and Mrs. Arden entered thc drawing-room alone, and sat there waiting anxiously for her hus- band to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered iu the dining-room after his wife left, him, but this evening he «as sitting iu an abs! meted mood ut lui end of thc table, and did not stir when mother and daughter msc and weut away. It was perhaps" thc first time that he ever allowed bis wife to open that door for herself when he was in thc room. Absent-minded and dreamy by temperament, he had yet rarely failed in courtesy to thc woman who 'was to him this world's one woman. He sat with his head bent over the empty dessert-plate, and thc untouched glass of claret which the butler had filled unbidden. He sat brooding ¡ri thc lamplight for nearly-halfan hour ; and then, with a deep- drawn sigh, he rose slowly, and went to thc drawing-room, where his wife was sitting by an open window looking out at thc moonlit water** very Bsd of heart. He went over and scated himself by her side. "Cyril is gone from us for good, Clara," he said. "I suppose you know that," " I know that all is over between him and Daisy ; but I thought you did not know. I feared you would not bc able to take the blow so quietly, knowing how pleased you were at their engagement. ' "I woe pleased because it was a link that drew mc nearer to you. It was of our union I thought, not theirs. Nothing can touch me, Clara, while I have you." "Did he tell you why he and Daisy had made up their minds to part." "Yes, he told we his reasons." " And hers. You will blame my daughter for fickleness, I fear, Ambrose." "Blame her, blame Daisy ! Your daughter -and my pupil. Why, she was thc bond between UB years ago, wheu I was but the Btrungcr within your gates. My love for your daughter is second only to my love for you." His wife took up his hand and kissed it, in a rapture of grateful affection. " How good you arc to UB, Ambrose," she said softly. " Harsh words never fall from your lips. If I could only sec you happy, my heart would bc full of content." " I am happy, Clara, happy in having won my heart's desire. What can a man have in this world more than (hat-the one desire of his life, the boou for which he has waited and longed through years of patience and silent hope. If there is happiness upoi. earth I have attained it." " I believe your metaphysicians teach you that lhere ÍB no Buch thing as happiness." " Oh, they only preach the gospel of doubt. Thc whole BCÍCCO of metaphysics consists in lite questioning spirit, which analyses every- thing, without arriving at any definite con- clusion about auy thing." " Poor Cyril, sighed Clara, after a pause of contemplative silence, which seemed in harmony with the stillness of the summer night und the beauty of the moonlit land- scape, garden and river, meadow and wood- land, and dark church tower. " Poor Cyril. It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go out into the world as a wan- derer ; and yet, of course, it would bc impossible for our old life to go on, now that he has broken with Daisy." " No, thc old life would not be possible. It belongs to the past already. Did he tell Daisy where he waa going?" "To Australia, ho said. He consulted with w ith you as to his destination no doubt." " No ; he told mo he Bhould go away, bul he did not enter upon Iiis plans." " Poor fellow. Ho wns very unhappy, I fear." " Ile did not confide his sorrows to mc. He had made up his mind ; and it was not for me to try to change his resolution." His whole manner ultered as he sjiokc of his son. There wes a hardness in his tone that surprised and grieved his wife, who a minute before had done him homage us tho most ad- mirable of men. His inunner in speaking of lier daughter had expressed thc utmost tender- ness. Thc tone in which he spoke of lils own son was cold and stern almost to vindictive- ness. Clura feared there hud been a quarrel between futher und sou, and that Ambrose Arden had resented the cancelmeut of Daisy's engagement with un unjust wrath. 'f You must not be angry with Cyril," she said softly. " I fear thal, it is Daisy's fickleness thal is the beginning and end of our disappoint mcnL. She owned as much to me, poor child. She gave her promise loo lightly, and re- pented almost UB soon us it was given, although she had not thc courage lo confess her mis- take." " Well, we will say it is Daisy's fault, or that both ure fickle. There ure no hearts broken, I believe. Cyril goes out into the world, a stranger to us henceforward." " Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your son will alway bc dear to us both." " He will bc in Australia, where our iovo or our indifference cannot touch him " There was a bitterness in his tone which warned Claru to pursue the subject no further. She could not doubt after this that there had been a breach between father und son-thal lliesc two who hud been so fond of each other hitherto had parted ill friends. And it was Daisy's doiug, poor little feathcrheaded Daisy, who should have been a bond of union, bul had become the occasion of disunion. Clara Arden felt weighed down by the sense of inexpressible sadness us she sat looking into thc moonlit garden, that garden which elie and her first lover had found a wilderness, and which he had made into a paradise fe sake. It was her girlish admiration nf old garden by thc river which had Robert Uatrcll eager to possess thc j He bad laid it at her feetasif it were a £ of roaos, never counting thc cost of auyl that pleased her. Had it been ten timi costly a place bc would have bought i her. His image was with li l- to-night I vividly than it had been fur a long time wa6 as if he himself were at hand, in ul warmth and energy of life, aud thal sho but to streich nut ber arms and beckon to her. Aud, oh, with what a h"ai"-sici of longing und regret she turned tow that idolised image ! Face to face will inexplicable gloom of Ambrose Arden's lei she recalled lier first husband's happy nal his joyous outlook, and keen delight in With him her days had seemed one perpi holiday. If shu ever complained it had bcei cauB'- that energetic tempérament took life itbonjoymciiis ul a faster pace than suited own reposeful temper. But how bright, gay those days had been ; how frank open lier companion's face ; how expac his speech and maimer. lie bad n hidden a care from her. Were his thou, light or heavy she shared them, und k every desire of her heart. But tn thia man, this cherished frieui many years she bad discovered myBlc Ht- hod griefs which he would no', share i tier. He was angry with his only son ; they had parted within a few hours, perl for all this life; and Ile utmld tell her noll of thc cause of their parting, he invited sympathy. He sat by her sine in melaucl silence, and she felt thc burden of uuhappi w bich Bbc was not allowed to share " If he would only talk uf his trouble, i would only let me comfort him, I should twice as good us a wife," she thought Bpoudently. " It is not my fault if our 1 arc growing farther upart." After this night un emotionless mouot marked Clara Arden's duys in the house wi her early married life had been so full nf lia neos, and where her one great sorrow, 6orrow of a lifetime, had come upou her. 1 idea of going on thc Continent for the uuti was not carried out. The scholar's book sorbed him wholly in the waning of thc yi and he preferred "the quite River Lawn tc the glory of the Italian Lakes, or all the ai Florence. He spent a good many houri every day in his old cottage-study, while wife and her daughter lived very much as t had lived in Mrs. Hairell's widowhood. " Vour second marriage and my engagera to Cyril seem almost a dream, mother, wi you and I are sitting here alone together, i Uncle Ambrose is paringovcr his books on other side of thc road," said Daisy, aB she at her mother's feet in the inoruiug-roi pretending to read Leek's England under Georges, bat looking up every now and t to talk. " I call him quite a perfect busbi in hiB way-never interfe ing with our pis never grumbling at bis dinner, always cc leous and kind and ready to do what like." " Ves, he ÍB all goodness to us," answc her mother, "and one would have notli left to wish for if he were only happy." " 1 daresay he is happy-in his way, mot -his calm, philosophical way, which used soothe and tame mc in my rebellious fits wi I was a child. He was al n ays thc same, dc you know. Tranquil and rather inystcri -like deep still water: like Lake Len whose depth one would never suspect if < did not see the mountains upside down in i water-and get reminded by those dolus shadows of thc real depth below. Rely ut it, Uncle Ambrose haB all he cares for in t world, having you and his books, and you g yourself groundless trouble when you i anxious about him." Her mother sighed, but did not answ She hud watched her husband's face with new anxiety ever since Cyril's departur and she had seen the lines deepen, and t melancholy drop of thc firm lips grew mi ?narked. Ko one ut River Lawn knew anything abc Cyril's whereabouts, unless it was his fath He had left Lamford within a few hours of I interview with Daisy, taking with bim onrj single portmanteau, as Beatrice Reardon j formed her friend, this young lady, haviiif habit of meeting every fly that ever enter or departed from the village. "It's no nse telling me you havel quarrelled," protested Beatrice, when Dai denied any ill-felling between Cyril und hi self. " I saw the poor dear fellow's will face as he drove by, acknowledging my bc in the most distracted manner, and I nev saw such a change in any man. A few hon before bc had been th'.- gayest of us all on I tennis lawn, and now he looked positive like his own ghost. You must have had dreadful row Daisy." " We had no row, as you call it. Wc on agreed that it was better for us to part." " Poor Cyril ! I had no idea be was so dc paral cly in love with you. Ile used to tal thii.gs so very easily," remarked Beatric with all thc freedom of friendship. "( course I always suspected you of not caring straw for him. You were not the least lil an engaged girl. You didn't spoon bim little bit." Daisy shuddered. She was one of the fe girls who are revolted by such forms of specc as prevail in some girlish circles. Mi Reardon affected a fast and slangy manner i a kind of perpetual protest against the 'du ness and monotony of her life in a Berkshit village. She wanted everybody to undo Bland that there was nothing rustic or paston about her mind or her manners. This was all that Daisy or her mother hear about Cyril's departure. He had gone to li chambers most likely, where he could prcpai at his IciBUrc far that long voyage of which I; had talked. The greater part of his possei sions, his books and guns, and sporting tack] of all kinds were in thc Albany. He had h own mun to pack for him, and accompany hil to a new world, if he was so minded. CHAPTER XXII.-DAISY'S DI AMT. How peacefully thc days have slipped b since poor Cyril went away. I find mysei thinking of him and writing of him as " Poo Cyril," which is really an impertinence, us daresay by this time be is perfectly happy aud has fallen in love with some magnifican Australian girl, a higher order of being, Mk thc Gy in the Coming Race, a powerful! built creature who can ride buck-jumpers, am camp out in the bush, without fear of consc qucucna. I fear I have very narrow am insular ideas about Australis, which lean oui; picture to myself as one vast jungle, inter Bpcrsed with convict settlements. Cyril is happy no doubt by this time, sad a he looked on that day of sudden parting ; BO may allow myself to feel happy, with an eas; conscience. I should bc perfectly happy if i were not for tho change in Uncle Ambrose who lias evidently some secret grief, som< carroding care which bo will not lighten bi sharing it with his wife. I can but fear tba mother was right in her foreboding, and tba he has taken thc cancelment of Cyril's agree ment sorely to heart. Il is his love for motile which is wounded. He wanted a perice union, that we should boone household, bouuc by every tic that can make a family circle in divisible. It must he very hard for him toe to know that his son, MB only child, has beet self-banished from bis home and h¡B native country. If my fickleness alone had been to blame if Cyril had found out my foolish secret, and that the mau who was nothing to me was « great deal nearer my heart than my plighted husband-if he had broken with mc on tim account, my couBcicucc would hardly have been as cosy os it is. But I have at least thc comfort of knowing that Cyril had sonic weighty reason upon his ourn side for pnrtine from me-and that, therefore, I am not actually to blame for the existing state ol things. It was he who took the initiative. It was he who said, " AU ÍB over between us." I have left off puzzling myself with idle ; speculations about liisj motive. Whatever his i may have been I feel assured that it WSB very serious and entirely convincing to his own mind-that he obeyed what to him was a Btern necessity. I can but be grateful to Providence that has released me from a bond that could not have brought real happiness to either Cyril or me, and looking back now at the past I feel how cowardly 1 was in not daring all and telling him the truth about my own feelings. He waa no coward. When thc hour carno in which ho fell, ho ought to break uith mo, lhere was no hesitation or wavering on his side ; and yet I believe he loved me helter in that parting hour than he had ever loved me in his life before. I'oor Cyril-old friend and playfellow-1 hope thc young Australian will lie kind and true, and I liât his life in that far world may bc full of all good things ; poid in monslcr nuggets, sheep in mighty flocks, horses that are not buck- jumpers, woods of eucalyptus, groves of mimosa, birds of vivid plumage, and the most perfect thing in bungalows. I am really very sad about Uncle Ambrose. 1 think he fights against thc gloom that gathers round him aB a Btrong man stricken in the prime of life by some insidious malady might fight AgainBt discuse : und yet the gloom deepens. With him low spirits seem actually u diseuse; mid I tremble and turn cold sometimes ul thc ihoupht that it may forebode some mental malady which may durkcu ul! our duys. My mother beldon), if ever, secs him as 1 seo him w hen she ÍB not present. When she it with him I know that lie makes a stupendous effort to appear eheer ful, to seem interested in thc things she loves ; but when she leaves him the mask drops, und I see him as he reully is-u mau weighed duw n by deep-rooted melancholy. I h ive talked to him of the hooks I used to read with him, the low-spirited school ul metaphysicians, and of Heine, who saw- nil things with the saddened eyes nf u man whose lite was like I'ope's *' a loni; disensi'." We have talk.-il nf theology, und 1 have Ueuveic.. thu hopelessness of his creed -that for him lhere is nothing beyond this life of ours, this poor brief life, in which there ure so muny chunges of being miserable against u single chance of being happy. i\o, for him there is no bayond-for him the dead ure verily dead. (To be continued.J . 