Flogging In lieu of Imprisonment. AT Quirindi, recently, a man, on receiving a sentence of imprisonment, asked tbe judge to substitute flogging, so that the whole punishment might fail upon himself, instead of upon his wife and children, who, while he was being well fed and comfortably housed in gaol, would have to go upon the streets and starve. The request was treated as impertin ence, and his unfortunate family were sen tenced io starvation for the expiation of his offence. This is the sort of cruel outrage that our law is always perpetrating. Usually the punishment inflicted upon the innocent wife and helpless children of a gaoled man is infinitely greater than that which he is made to suffer himself. Frequently they are driven through starvation to crime, and when the numbers go up, if they ever do, in the Valley of Jehoshapliat, it will probably be found that our prison system has made 10 straight lives crooked for one crooked life that it has made straight. Let the Minister for Justice get a return from the police showing what becomes of the families of prisoners who are doing tune in the gaols of this country. Then let liim say whether the Quirindi man who offered his bare back to the flogger, if they would allow him to return to his work, bad not a lot more of the hero than tbe criminal in him. AN umbrella-carrying gentleman of strong conservative tendencies, who is usually selected to preside at the political meetings of the bloated squatter representatives in the Mitchell, was accosted last Wednesday by a busby from somewhere in the direction of the opal fields. " You're the member for the district, ain't you?" said Bushy, inquiringly buttonholing the umbrella- holder. " Well, I hope to be some day," modestly replied the mau with the gingham. " That's all right, old man, and now I want you to " and here tbe man from the bush entered upon a narration of some legal trouble upon which he wanted advice. He had mistaken tbe Cameronian politician for the chosen candi date of the labor party, to whom a new client and political supporter was immediately introduced. A BATHED comical error appears in a tele gram published by the Northern Argus of Friday last from Cairns, in which it is stated that "Mr. Cowley has destroyed tbe main portion of a variety of sugar canes recently collected by Admiral Tryon in New Guinea." Admiral Tryon was drowned in the wreck of H.M.S. Victoria some time ago, and we cannot believe that his poor ghost is con demned to wander about the wilds of New Guinea collecting sugar cane borers for the Queensland Government. Probably the Argun has confused Tryon the admiral with Tryon the naturalist, who has lately been upon an expedition to New Guinea in connection with tbe discovery of borers in sugar caue. TOE superiority of Mother Graves' Worm Exterminator is shown by its good effeots on the ohildren. Purcbasa a bittle and giro it a trial. 