CHAPTER IV. A. B. and A. boat tcok Scale across the Bay, and after calling at several African ports, brought up to an anchor head on to a heavy swell in the Lagos Teauld. A small bratich steamer came out to her from inside the bar, and Scale tasted the joys of being transhipped in a tossing surf-boat manned by paddling Elmina boys. The branch steamer deposited him at one of the wharfs which jut out from the boulevard of the Marina into the lagoon, and his new chief met him there with a triekshaw and white umbrella. Knowing that Lagos is a town of negroes, he had somehow or other been prepared to find unlimited had smells and because these were entirely absent, the air of the place came to him as a general surprise. He settled down in two large, cool, whitewashed rooms, and proceeded to enjoy himself. Being newly landed and full of health, he naturally found the work expected of him ridiculously light; and lie had occasion to put on his dress-clothes every night, and dis covered that white men in Lagos are addicted to gorgeous dinners and much hospitality, he told himself with confidence that the Coast Lad been unjustly maligned, and that he had tumbled into a very snug berth. He retained this ecstatic frame of mind for exactly 14 days, and then one morning a man came into his office and asked him to dinner for that evening. " Can't," said Scale. " Much obliged all the same. I'm chopping with Anderson to night. And so, by the way, are you, al though I suppose you've forgotten. He asked us yesterday." " You've got to go to Anderson's funeral in two hours' time" said the other mandrily. " He pegged out with heat apoplexy during the night, just before that tornado came on. Tata; see you at the cemetery. And tind you turn up to dine with me. Seven- thirty, sharp." The other man nodded and left, and Seale mopped a very moist brow with his pocket handkerchief. "This," he told himself, "was the very devil of a climate." And by way of having the lesson rammed home, le was invited to stand and frizzle in the sun, precisely one week later, whilst the flippant other man was being buried. Scale was consumed with a mild touch of Coast fever that night, and the fear of death gripred him by the heart. He reviewed much of his past life, and was truly F orry that lie had not amended his ways earlier, and so avoided coming 'o Lagos. He laid much solid blame upon Hank-in, and told himself that he could dance with calm de light upon Hankin's tomb. Incidentally lie jgmembered Nancy, and tried to carry out his resentment along to her; but they did notaet. No; it was no fault of Nancy's that he was out Iii this abominable exile She was a good little beggar anyhow, and a hot new trouble rose in him when he thought of what must happen to her after he died, as (he was quite sure) must take place within the next few hours. However? of course, lie did not die then ; and as an early dose of fever is the very best thing to acclimatise a man, he soon settled down into a very healthy fellow from a Coast point of view. But that early scare had bitten in deeply, and it prevented him from remaining popular with the Lagos com munity. Where every one is lavishly free handed, the careful man who does not keep open house is not called careful merely. They give him an ug!ier name. And if a man of an obstinate nature once overhears himself spoken of as " that stingy brute," he is rather apt to act up to the character. Besides every time the dangers of the place were brought home to him more clearly, either by illness within the marches of his owni proper body, or by the news of death amongst the white community, Seale could have screamed aloud in his agony of drea! as to what would happen if Nancy were left unprovided for. Yet torment himself as he would, the fund which he was making for her grew with .exasperating slowness. He had to eat and drink to live; and everything was ex pensive; and the pay and allowances which had seemed dazzling enough at a distance, shrivelled woefully when counted on the spot. Moreover, he had always possessed the unwieldy knack of making two shillings go as far as dne, and had never contrived to shake himself adrift from it. And so whben the tisse of ihis first leave came round, he dreiv his home-pay and accepted a six months' billet in the hush for extra lucre. He wrote home to tell Nancy that he was so hard-worked that he could not get away which was scarcely true--and also that he was in brilliant health at the time of writing, which was a solid lie. His next leave he also tried to miss, but broke down with dysentery, and had to spend a much-grudged two months in Grand Canary to save his life. He came back to the Coast again with new health, and hammered desperately at the dollar- mill to make up his leeway. He was not liked in Lagos still; but some rumor had got about that there was a reason for his stinginess,, and some of the men had got a respect fo. him-though, of course, that is a vastly dif ferent thing from a liking. But at the end of four and a half years from his leaving England, Captain Charteris came to him again and put another change into his life, as lie had done once before. Seale had not forgotten his old animosity against the man; and when he first brought his face into the office quite unexpectedly for Charteris had come into money, and was living at home as a decent English gentle man now-Seale bade him uncivilly enough to get out one- time. " You must hear my message first," said Charteris. "although I'm repeating an old offence." " What do you mean ?" " I'm bringing Nancy to you. She's up stairs, waiting in your house this minute, and I've just come down here to break the news." "6What! Nancy here ! Man, you're either dreaming or drunk." " I anm neither, although I wish I was both. Sure enough, I've no cause for re joicing." Seale sat. at his office desk and passed a finger round inside his shirt collar. -' You'd better explain," he said. " Quite so. To begin with, Hankin-or rather his ghost-is interfering again. It seems he once invested money in some of the Coast mines here at Axim. That followed the habit of most gold-mines by going pop. But they've found magnificent quartz reefs on either side of his property; and so the ground has been valued at £90,000; and what is better still has been sold for £80,000, and paid for. That's Nancy's now, and nothing would suit her but that she must come down here and give you news of it herself 1" -'By jove !" said Seale. Then after a minute he added, "But what have you come down here for ?" " Because," said Charteris slowly and quietly-" because I love her." "You love Nancy ! You! You love that child ! But there. I suppose she's grown up. Well, are you going to tell me next that the pair of you are to be married 7" Charteris looked at him queerly. " Shouldn't you mind," he asked, " if I did tell you that ?" "I shouldn't like it. To be candid, I don't care particularly for you, as you know. But I suppose she'll parry some day. I always have pictured that ever since I have been on the coast, because, you see, she must be provided for some way. . But, man ! don't you care for her your self 1" " Care for her l"-Seale gave a mirthless laugh. "Iyou knewy what Pve been doing here all these years. you wouldn't ask that. Of course I care for her." "But how I" "Oh, I've never defined it. Paternally. I suppose, or like a brother. That kid and I were the best of friends." "Scale, you're a fool ! ' Kid" you say. She's a woman. She's the lovliest-. But I'm not going to talk. You must see for yourself. Only don't, you go Gup stairs and make any mistake. She's ;got no daughter': feelings for you, or sister's, and if you go and break her heart over any nonsense of that kind, I've got it in me to shoot you for your pains. I've had my life ruined for me during these last months by you being in the way, and if hers is to be spoiled by your blunder ing, you can understand that I shall want to kill you very badly." "Wait a minute," said Seale, unsteadily. "This has come upon inc with so much suddenness that I hardly grasp" " I have no more to say to you," said Charteris, and went out in the dazzling sun light of the Marina, where the shouting negros were car-ying loads over the brick- red dust. Seale swayed and tottered, then pulled himself together with an effort, and went up the stairs which led to his house above. Nancy knew his footstep and met him at the door, a radiant vision in tropical white. He felt himself angled, by her arms. Her lips we-e against his ear. " Oh Ted!I my love," she was saying to him, " I could not wait away from you any longer. Ted darling, I had to come. Oh ! my own love, if you only knew how I hungrerej for you, you would have come to me sooner." Then Scale's eyes were opened. He did not make the blunder which Charteris had warned him against. He felt no inclination that way. A new feeling towards the girl surged within him like a draught of hot spirit. "tSweetheart," he whispered back to her, " I never knew you would be like this. If I had known, I could never have kept myself away from you." The Queensland elections have resulted as follows :-Mfinisterial 27, Labor 5, Opposi ton 1, Independent 1. Telegraph.-Telegraph branch is open daily (Sundays excepted) from S a.m. to p.m. Open on Sundays from 8 to 9 a~m and 6 to 7 p-rn. The Post Office is open for general busi ness daily between the hours of B a.m. and 5 p.m. Ga Wednesdays and Saturdays ;rom 7 to 8 o'clock p.m. for the delivery of etters and newspapers only. 