STORY. only comes here later in the day. This garden, you see, is our pleasure and our life. It is all that is left us of the pa?r. It seem, to us that we could not live if we had it no longer. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not? Th'e air that I breathe here seems as invigorating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons in this spot, but 1 come in the early morning also it is so lovely then." We separated, but that same after noon I returnel to the Luxembourg, and soon perceived my friend cere moniousir giving his arm to a little woman, very old and all in black. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She was inded LaCastris, that famous danreere who had won adulation and love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by all in that gallant century which seems to have left in the world an odour of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It was the month of Mlay. Flowers perfumed the air, and the bright sun shone through the leaves, bathing us in warmth and light. There was no one near in the garden. From afar came the sound of passing vehicles. "Tell me, will you not," said I to the old man, "what was the miauot P" IHe started from his seat. " The minuet, sir, it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens; but it no longer exists. .Our kings are gone; the minuct has gone with them." Then he commetlnced, in pompous style, a long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I understood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of the dance. lie tried, but became con fused in his description. Exaspe rated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly he turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on the bench. " Elise, if you wish, it would be very good of you, we will show this gen tleman what it was. Will you ?" She glanced anxiously around, then rose, and without a word placed herself opposite him. Then I saw a sight I shall never forget. They advanced and receded with childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing, bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set in motion by rusty machinery, some what out of order, but constructed of yore by a skilltul workman. And I watched them, my heart strangely moved, all my being over whelmed with profound melancholy. I seemed to see an lapparition mournful, yet ludicrous-the old fashioned ghost of a dead century. I wanted to laugh, yet was ready to crr. All at once they stopped. They had finished all the figures of the dance. For several seconds they remained standing, face to face, smiling in the most extraordinary way ; then they kissed each other, and I heard a smothered sob. Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never saw them again. When I returned to Paris, two years after, the nursery garden of the Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of them without that cherished soot of other days, with its winding paths, its close- clipped heldges,.and its odour of the past ? DIo they wander around our modern streets like hopeless exiles? Or are they dead, and dancing, perchance, a fantastical minuet - two comical ghosts-among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flittin; up and down its tomb-bordered paths in the moon light? Their sourenir hauits me, besets and tortures me ; it is a wound which never closes, I cannot tell why. Undoubtedly, you find me ab surd. 