Notes on the B. H. J. C. Races. The attendance yesterday was not so large as it was on the opening day, neither was the racing [so interesting. There was not a close finish in any race. For the Lightning Handicap Recluse was at first. made a warm favorite. Rejected was not then on the ground, and did not in fact arrive until after the time advertised for starting the race. When it was known that the gelding wonld be allowed to compete there was instantly a rash to get on to him ; and at the close " take 6 to 4" was the cry of the bookmakers. It proved a very soft thing, as Rejected never gave the others a chance from the fall of the flag. Brady's handling of Recluse caused him to be sent up by the stewards for thre3 months. The mare had not the ghost of a chance of beating Rejected at the weights, bat she might have made a bettor race of it. Sydney Willis, the Adelaide light- weight, says that Rejected is the fastest horse over six: furlongs that he has ridden behind on the Barrier, not excepting Brungle even. Willis was on Gitana in the Lightning Han- dicap, and his mount went well for half a mile; but Rejected, pulling double, lef b her ab every stride. Mr. Hugo started both Count and Bubblftin che Hurdle Race to give the public some sport. He had backed Count to win the jumping double, and could have landed the bet by scratch- ing Bubble and giving Count a walk- over ; but he sent them both to win, and had the poor satisfaction of carry- ing off the prize with the outsider. Bubble consentad to run straighb for once, and when ib came tb racing he had too mach foot for his stable com-: panios. Warrego, on his running in the. An- niversary Handicap, was looked upon: as a good thing for the Broken HUI Handicap, and the. belief was, strengthened when it was seen that Willis DM! th» moahb. Roy Harper, ' i who trains Warrego, did not seem so sweet on the gelding's chance M he was on the opening day. Swithin was second favorite. The race is easily described, as Swithin made the pace a cracker aU the way, and won more easily with the 71b. penalty np than he did without it. The nine furlongs were carved bub in 2 minutes, 17£ seconds. Swithin's performance was a rattling good one ; and Mr. W. G. Phillips has reason to be proud of his brilliant double victory. Swithin is not likely to start at South Broken Hill. He will probably be sent to South Australia to fulfil engagements there. Eaglehawk, the old Tibooburra favorite, landed a six-to-one chance in the Town Plate, carrying 8st. 101b. Donald Haydn drove the old fellow along all the way, and the favorites (Taloola and Bubble) could not get near him at the finish. Eaglehawk is by the Bedan sire, Wandearah, out of Tittle Tattle. Recluse (8st. 71b.) and Warrego (8st.) were most fancied for the Forced Handicap ; but Wallace, who got in at 7st. 101b., won from end to end. Coorie came with a late run and beat Warrego for second place. In this event Swithin was handicapped at 9st. 51b. j he was scratched, of course. In explanation of Ghost's poor display in the First Hurdle Race, it is stated that he has been accustomed to left-hand courses in Queensland ; and, besides, he is out of condition. Ghost must have fair psrformances to his credit, since he was asked to give Wallace 111b.; and no doubt he will show better form in the near future. He is by Goblin out of Bronzewing. Harry Gillett was fined £1 for the late scratching of Recluse in the Town Plate, and Mercer was mulct in a similar sum for misconduct at the post on the first day. 