DISHONOURED FOR HONOUR'S SAKE. A Breach of Promise Scandal. The Fatal Duel. Lieutenant George Brydges Bellasis —My Sister Dear—Mr. Mitchell's Attentions—The Sword of Justlce—A Sentence—Trans ported—A Special Case— Military Pecksniffism. In the early part of January, 1802, there arrived In Port Jackson a Bom- bay- built armed vessel of 200 tons, com manded by Captain Turner, and com missioned by the Hon. East India Co. The craft carried 24 guns and a com plement of 100 officers and men. She ' had been despatched from Bombay for Now South wales for tlie express pur pose of transporting to the penal settle ment a convict named George Brydges Bellasis, sentenced to- transportation for 14 years for "felony and murder." The sentence was imposed In pursuance of a regular trial, and the verdict of a jury, and was milder than the technical powers of the Judge would have per mitted him to inflict. In Bombay, as In other parts of his Majesty's (George III.) dominions, the penalty for murder was death. But the administration of the law has always been in some degree influenced by public opinion, Mr. Bel lasis had indeed killed a man, but bis victim fell in a regular duel. The death penalty was commuted. George Brydges Bellasis was Lieut, of Artillery in Hon. East India Co.'s ser vice, and had seen active service in the campaign which, in 1799, terminated in the capture of , Seringapatam, and the death of Tlppo Sahib, the unpleasant' Sultan who put the English General, Matthews, to death by pouring molten luad down his throat, and killed other English prisoners by twisting their heads one way and their bodies the other, till their necks broke. Ho was a married man with children, and In hisliouseholdresldedhlsslster-in- law. This lady, whom Captain Byne, who officiated as second in the duel, and got a sentence of seven years for his pains, styled A LOVELY YOUNG WOMAN, attructed the attention of Mr! Arthur Forbes Mitchell, Lieutenant Bellasls's friend and intimate of many . years. Mr. Mitchell openly courted the fair lady, proposed marriage, and was accep ted. But from something subsequent he did not care to marry lier. Accord ing to Captain Byne — a very hostile testimony— he . made unpleasant re marks about her and Bellasis, and even Mrs. Bellasis. Mr. Mltohell's only apologist with posterity Is thus the se cond of his enemy and slayer. Bellasis called Mr. Mitchell out. Only one shot was fired, so that apparently lotu were drawn for first fire. Mitchell fell dead. I Bellasis and his tfecond, Byne, were put j on their trial, with results' as already stated. Byne, however, was almost im mediately pardoned, Bellasis had to | undergo his sentence. This was how it j happened that one of the lion, com- i pany's cruisers was dispatched ex- j pressly to New South Wales. The ex- : lieutenant does not appear to have-had | a bad time aboard. He was the only j "convict," and as Ills wife and family I accompanied him it is probable that the I accommodation afforded him was that of a cabin passenger. Tho word I "family" is comprehensive, and it is j even possible that the solacing com- j panionship of that lovely young wo man, his much Injured sister-in-law, , was not denied to him. . i It was not uncommon In those days j for GENTLEMEN. SENTENCED TO TRANSPORTATION to arrive as saloon passengers in the vessel which received them from the gaols, and to be as well provided with letters of credit, of Introduction, and of recommendation as tho most fortunate new-chum of later periods. Instances are on record of considerable hardship due to cramped accommodation, being experienced by officers proceeding to Sydney, in consequence of the ship master having let all his best cabin space to an affluent convict on his way to his place of punishment. It was seemingly not a thing a prudent man would do: for a poor officer of a corps lit.tle held in esteem, to make himself disagreeable to a convict boasting of ; powerful connections, and possessing : large means. Certainly even suoh an i offender did not always come off with advantage . The tribunals in Sydney I were constituted of officers, military ! and civil, and Sir Henry Brown Hayes, j "a lifer," received on arrival by the i transport Atlas a sentence of six months imprisonment in Sydney Gaol for treating Staff-Surgeon Jamison in a very Improper manner during the pas sage. Mr. Bellasis was ' particularly well furnished in respect to letters of commendation to "THE MOST HONOURABLE THE GOVERNOR, at Port Jackson. Apart from pri vate notes, which would not be pre served for record, -lie was armed with a memorial signed by 110 of the prin cipal inhabitants, Generals, Felld Offl-' cers, and other officers of the Bombay army. Governor King was far from inexorable. The precise day in Janu ary when the cruiser Fiy arrived Is not available, but in the General Orders promulgated on the 16th, which must have been very shortly indeed after that arrival, his Excellency publishes the fact that he has been pleased to grant Mr. Bellasis emancipation, condition ally on his remaining in the territory during the term of his sentence. At the same time a function was found for him as officer in charge of the .artillery, in succession to Ensign Barrallier. In March following the Governor trans mitted to the Secretary of State for submission to his Majesty, Mr. Bella sis' petition for mercy. In this docu ment, conceived in the very spirit of the times as regarded duelling, tlie peti tioner does not hesitate to assert that he approaches his sovereign "under cir cumstances of stronger extenuation; than perhaps were ever before sub mitted to the throne of mercy." This is pretty strong, but the gallant lieu tenant was not mincing matters. Also he was evidently not superstitious to the extent of being afraid of ghosts. He proceeds to give it to the dead Mr. Mitchell with unsparing severity, in a style sufficient to make that un lucky being RISE FROM HIS BLOODY GRAVE and gibber a few words on his own be half. Mr. Bellasis "presumes that there are scarcely any circumstances or wants in domestic life more Interesting to the feelings of sensibility than when a beloved relative becomes a victim to the artifices of designing villainy; and if the tyrant custom of duelling on any occasion admits an extenuating plea it may be considered when the hand of an injured brother or husband is uplifted against that species of treachery and fraud which all laws' of social society unite to hold in common execration." He goes on to refer to himself as "the protector of his sister's honour," men tions "circumstances of dire and pe culiar aggression," and will ever pray. The terms of this, petition appear ad mirably calculated' to touch the feelings of the virtuous George III., should they reach him. But wlflic admirably de signed to serve the purpose of the peti tioner,. they certainly appear unduly asperattve. of the dead man, and strangely 'sacrlflcal of that character the protection of which the petitioner ' claimed had compelled him to the shed- ding of blood. To strengthen his plea he omits to specify that it is a sister- in- law whoso cause he had championed; a distinction exceedingly essential to a just balance of probabilities in the mat ter as to whether the petitioner or tlie dead Mitchell had been the victim. In addition to this, the petition insinuates — what did not before appear to have been alleged— that tlie young lady had surrendered her chastity to the man who subsequently refused to marry her. Thus the petition does not emit a plea sant flavour. But it served. On October 14 of the same year Governor King, In a General Order, formally announced the appoint ment of Mr. Bellasis to be, by a colonial commission, a Lieut, of Artillery, and to rank as such in the colony. This was a mere formal confirmation of a prece dent fact. Mr. Bellasis had evidently stepped into the position from the side of the ship A curious phase of the affair now pre sents itself. The officers of the New South Wales Corps seem not at all to have relished this appointment. It seems vain to grope for their reason. It is only certain that' the one alleged was not the actual cause of their repug nance. Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson is spokesman in the maiter. In the course of a private letter to Secretary Sullivan, complaining bitterly of Governor King's slighting behaviour to the military, tlie Colonel specifies as an instance " his giving colonial rank as Lieutenant of Artillery to a person who is UNDER THE SENTENCE OF THE LAW." Considering that only 13 months had elapsed 1 since the Colonel himself had been engaged in attempting to commit tlie very crime for which this "person under sentence of the law" was suffer ing, this complaint seems certainly rather grotesque. If the Colonel wrote as exponent of the sense of his officers, it was even more so, since Captain M'Arthur's duel with him was tho se cond In which that officer had' been en gaged, and in view of the fact that the last Governor had challenged the same provoking person to a duel, and that the Governor then in office was only restrained 'by his sense of the special obligations of his position from tlie same course of action. The petition of Bellasis, supported as it. was by King, and also by his friends in Bombay, was effectual. In November, 1803, the Lieu tenant received a free and full pardon from his Sovereign, and beyond the loss of his commission in the' I-I.E.T.C.S. seems not to have suffered much for his duel. 