A MARRIAGE MARRED. There was a considerable amount of surprise expressed in "smart" circles when . Edith Marsden, rifter having danced and flirted through a whole London season with Gerald Kirkby, and climbed andflirted with him afterward in Switzerland, finally and suddenly married, not Gerald Kirkby, but Captain Burton Joyce, who resigned his bachelor freedom and his commission in a crack cavalry regiment atone and the same time. Society wagged its head, for Society does hpj; like to find that it has been put on a false iieni. And though such changes of jfrontnis that which Edith Marsden had performed are not uncommon, Society was startfed at the suddenness of the operation, which, unforeseen in August, was an accomplished fact in November. It may have been partly due to a certain conversation which Edith Marsden had had with her toother in Lucerne just before their departure from Switzerland. She was a good and careful mother, and pointed out to Edith that, as West Indian sugar was not what it hod been (the Marsden income depended mainly on. sugar), the family expenditure would have to be considerably reduced. That as papa could no longer afford to pay for a new dress every month—Edith would understand And, moreover, that Captain Burton Joyce, who was the eldest .son of a very, wealthy baronet, was expected that evening at Lucerne. "So you think I had better get Captain Burton Joyce to marry me, mamma ?" said Edith quietly. ••Mydear!" exclaimed Mrs. Marsden, " don't put it so coarsely. I wonld not have you do violence to your feelings on my accounts But Captain Burton Joyce bears the best of reputations—" ".Stupid men are usually moral," said Edith in parenthesis. "But moral men are not necessarily stupid." rtjoined Mrs. Marsden. "And you must sec that under the circumstances Gerald Kirkby is out of the question, clever as he is. He haB only seven hundred a year besides what he makes by his poetry, and I am told thtjit poetry nowadays does not pay. Now that your poor papa can only afford to settle the merest'trifle upon you—the merest trifle, jny dpar, marrying Gerald would be poverty 'Absolute poverty.' So ijdith Marsden went out and sat upon one. of the benches und-r the trees which look ovir the Lake of Lucerne, and thought about it. She was undoubtedly in love with Gerald Kirkby. He was clever in the dilettante sort of way of manner which is possessed by a few, and affected by the majority of our young men who are neither sold iers or city men. He had made a sucies d' cstimi with a play or two, and had followed up that success with a volume of verse, which fashionable ladies .kept anon a side table in their boudoir. But before half-&n-hour; had passed, Edith Marsden had deoided to throw over Gerald Kirkby and tomatryCapUin Burton Joyce. Gerald Kirkby, she had reflected, as she looked over the blue lake to the snow ^mountains, would give her love, and nothing else. For seven hundred & year is really worse than nothing when appearances have to be considered. Captain Burton Joyce could give her everything else but love. And to one who considers appearances, position, comfort and so forth, everything else minus love seems more <$D ,i)i desired tM" love minus everything Then followed a culminating scene in which Edith Marsden and Gerald Kirkby agreed that it was abBurd for them to dream of marrying each other. Both were fond of comfort and luxury, and they confessed that if it was impossible to enjoy these things together, it was the next best thing to enjoy them apart. Nevertheless, they agreed to remain friends; but there were no tears when Edith and Gerald said good-bye. "I must say Gerald took it very well," said Edith to herself as she prepared for rest that night, after an evening in the company of Captain Burton Joyce. "Thank Heaven I can many the gallant officer at a pinch." And so when Captain Burton Joyce, about '"' w e ek after this, honestly and awkwardly lurted out his .love, Edith Marsden laid her A upon his shoulder and said, Oh, Arthur 1 You have made me so r' $Ee wedding took place early in November Mid a Captain and Mrs. Burton Joyoe went for .aifotinight xo Torquay. They had decided not to travel on the Continent. For Captain Burtob Joyce, with the instincts ol ft sportsman, Sisliked being away from the country in the winter; while Edith,was anxious to avoid the dreary and prolonged tetc-a-tetes which would be inevitable duriog a long honeymoon. By the end of November they "were settled down at their place in the country, Stanbufy Hall, and the neighbours were calling upon them and arranging dinnerparties in honour of the bride. They were often alone together, bnt when they dihtod at hoine and e&t; for a whole evening foriMsite each other before the drawing-room grcLEdith would watch her husband and fwptor«hat she was thinking about, or whether he was thinking of anything. He, on the other hand, would wonder vaguely whether he quite understood his wife. < Meanwhile, Burton Joyoe shot, and hunted, and dined, and slept, and had an uneasy feeling all the time that his wife was not entirely contented. He mi What men call—somewhat apologetically—a good sort. That is, he was a gentleman; but, as is often the case, when that was said, all was eaid. No one would think of suspecting Burton Joyce of anything dishonourable, or even bad form. But no one wonld suspect him of anything brilliant or original. He derived his ideas from the most approved sources, as he got his clothes from the best London tailor. Both were unexceptionable; but in neither did he differ at all from any other member of his class. He would have scarcely understood Edith's feelings if she had expressed them in words. He found her cold; but that, he reflected, was her nature, and a fault on the right side. He also thought that she seemed _ bored by the kind of society which the country provided. And so one day in January he suggested asking a few people down. The men could have some shooting, and a dance or two might be arranged. It would at least afford some relief from the terrible solitude & deux which was beginning to prey upon her nerves. " Whom shall I invite ?" she asked. "Please yourself, my dear," replied her husband. " I'm perfectly happy with a gun —and you ;but you haven't got the gun, only me; so ask anyone you think wUI amuse you.', Edith sat down to make out her list of Quests. Then she looked it carefully over, and after a few moments'hesitation soratched out the name of Gerald Kirkby. " Why not Kirkby ?" asked Burton Joyce, looking over her shoulder. "He's an old friend of yours, isn't he 1 And he's a good sort of man to have in a house- party. Women like him. Better ask Kirkby." So Edith rerwrote the name at the bottom of her list. And so for the next week or two Stanbury Hall was full ot guests; men who came for sport, and woman who also came for sport, though of a different kind; one or two frisky matrons who let it be understood that they did not expect their husbands to be invited to join them in a house-party; a girl or two, guarded by the maternal presence, one or two men who, not being sportsmen, might be depended on to help the ladies through the day. Kirkby was a fair shot—he could do anything a little, except make love—which he did very well; and he now and then went out with the other men. But on several occasions he pleaded literary work and remained behind. And by a sort of tacit consent among the other guests it was recognised that when Kirkby was occupied in literary work, Mrs. Burton Joyce was occnpied too. " They are old lovers, aren't they?" said Mrs. Cholmondpley to Lady Atherton one afternoon. " I fancy I heard last year that they were engaged." " Yes," replied Lady Atherton, " everyone expected they would marry, But, well, they quarrelled, I suppose. Lovers will fall out." " They have ma'ls it up now, it seems," said Mrs. Cholmondeley with an evident arri€n penset. , " Oh. I'm sure it's nothing of that kind, dear,: Edith is much too discreet," said Lbdy Atherton, with a glance round the luxuriously-furnished drawing-room and out over the well- wooded park. "Besides, she haR not been married six months." Meanwhile, as Captain Burton Joyce noted with pleasure, Edith had completely thrown off her appearance of melancholy boredom. A close observer would have seen that she was in a nervous and highly-strung condition, and that her state was one of excitement rather than'happiness. But Burton Joyce was not a close-observer, and was therefore the more contented. And so the outward life of a country house went on day after day smoothly and decorously, giving no visible sign of the danger beneath the surface. It was upon an evening when a small dance was given at Stanbury Hall that the comedy first showed signs of changing into a tragedy. In the interval between a couple of waltzes, thq butler stepped forward and asked to see hiB mistress for a moment in reference to the supper arrangements. Burton Joyce looked round. *H,e had not seen his wife since they had danced together a quarter-of-an-hour ago. Someone said Bhe had gone upstairs to sit out a dance with someone or other. " All right. I'll go and look for her," said Burton Joyce, and sprang up the stairs with a light step and a smile upon his face. " Shame to bother her when sheoughttobe enjoying herself," he muttered as he passed along the corridor and, still with a smile upon his lips, pulled aside the curtains of a small room which had been arranged for sitting out. A ipinute afterwards a man came into the refreshment-room and found Burton* Joyce, ashy pale, drinking champagne out of a tumbler. "Find the wife, old fellow?" he asked, helping himBelf to some cup; " No," said Burton Joyce abruptly, almost savagely. "Lookas it you'd found a ; ghost, old chap," said the Other, staring at him in surprise. " What's the matter ?" Burton Joyce turned and walked out of the room without answering. The dance was over; the guests had all left, and the house was quiet. Edith lay sobbing upon the sofa in her dressing-room. The clock upon the mantel-piece had just chimed the quarter after three when the door opened and her husband came softly in. He came and stood by the mantel-piece, leaning his elbow upon it. " Well," said Edith presently, without looking up, " what are you going todo ?" " I—scarcely know," replied her husband slowly. Then be turned toward Edith, and placing his hand for a moment upon her bowed head, "lam very sorry, dear," he said and left the room. Gerald Kirkby had spent most of the night in putting his things together, and preparing for an early departure th^ next morning. After what had happened the previous evening it was clearly impossible that he should stay longer under Burton Joyce's roof. By half-past eight he was up and dressed, and meditating on the best way of making a hurried departure when he heard a knock at the door, and Burton Joyce entered. Ten minutes later the men in the stable-yard saw Burton Joyce and Gerald Kirkby go into the gun-room, and, emerging shortly afterward, walk together across the park. "Just going to potter ronnd the spinneys for an hour before breakfast; you need not come," said Joyce as he passed the head gamekeeper. Without conversing together they walked through the park. As they each took one side of a small plantation and put a spaniel in to work it, Burton Joyce paused a moment. You quite understand ?" he said. " I understand," said Kirkby, who was as pale as death. " The first bird that rises gives the signal." "The first bird that rises." A few minutes afterward two shots were beard, close together. It was nine o'clock when Edith, awakened from an uneasy slumber by an unwonted confusion beneath her window, rose and looked out. Two men were bearing with difficulty a helpless, lifeless figure. The stablemen crowded round, and she could not see what it was. But a maid who rushed out cried, "Oh! it's Mr. Kirkby." And Edith, knowing what had happened, fell back fainting upon the floor. Burton Joyce is now doing well in South Africa, where he bought several thousand acres of land a month or two after Kirkby met hiB death—by misadventure. They said that Burton Joyce could not endure England after the accident to his guest. But Edith remained in England, for her health would not permit the rough and tumble life of a new colony. The German Emperor declares that if the Reichstag does not 'sanction an increase in the navy he will appeal the patriotism of the electors. He proposes to spend from £5,000,000 to £20,000,000 on the navy. The Czar has approved of a naval expenditure of 400,000,000 roubles within the next seven years, and it is intended to build a battleship for every one built by England. It is understood that the British Army and Navy Departments are preparing to let large contracts for the supply of - Australian preserved beef. The Pall Mall Gazette has published a statement to the effect that an important treaty has been arranged, and ratified between'Ilussia and Turkey. The treaty, it is stated, is on ths lines of the Treaty of Unkiar- Skelessi, which was signed in 1833. This simply reduoed Turkey to the condition of a vassal state. It is stated that the Sultan of Turkey was much displeased at the autograph letter recently sent to him by the Queen, in which her Majesty warned the Sultan that his throne would be endangered unlesB reforms were carried opt in Armenia. The Queen's letter has also caused great concern at the Russian Embassy in Constantinople. The U.S. Senate strongly protests against - the spirit of jingoism lately displayed, whilst Cleveland considers Senator Davis'motion about sovereign rights, &c.;, as both inopportune and mischievous.'. Several of the South American Bepublios are complaining that the new enuniciation of the Monroe doctrine by President Cleveland and the American Congress will have the result of placing them in a position of vassalage to the United States. Victoria has decided on one Railway Commissioner, and he is to be chosen in the province. 4 Thomason's Certain Corn Cure never fails, a trial will prove its worth; free by post, 1/1. Thomason Bjros., Cheqpsty, Brisbane. 