I-OTHER MEN'S GOLD A. STORY OF THE EARLY D)AYS OF HANNAN'S. rTWrittern for the WESTERI AtRGUS.] ,1'm full up of Hlanna's Find," remarked uiymate, "'Inr off back to Coolgardli." " You'll go alone," I laconically uadlded. I felt a bit disappointel in Dick. I was a clrious fellow in those days and usually without a mate, but I took a fancy to Dick, perhaps it was because he was sometlhing of a scholar like myself aud we hadl, many tastes il common. I did not forget, that he had not been all his life accustomed to dtyblow ing anmu living on tinned dog and damper, r but still I thought lie might have shown a a little more grit and not have given in so easily. We luul conic to Hannan's with the first rush several weeks ~ reviously, but we hadl not met with any very encouraging suc cess. We hadl toiled from morning until evening for barely sufficient goMh to keep us in tucker and water. Our luck was com pletely out. Others were daily striking it rich on the fieldhts, but we could get no more than a miserable pittance. 1. sometimes now feel as I look back on what we went through that I was too hasty in my condemnation of Dick for his want of perseverance. " It's no good our remaining Tom," con tinued Dick, "I am heartily sick of the whole of these fichls and wish to Heaven I was out of the colony and cven within coo-ce of civilisation." "V1ou can go then," I answere?d, ignoring the sarcasm in his allusion to West Aus tralia, "I will probably go on to some of the new finls to the eastward, but in anlly case I'ml not going to turn my back ot the fields unstil I have made a pile. I'd rather die like a. dog in the bush than feel that all I have gone through has been for nothing." " What rot," said Dick. " You're a stub born fooL You had better ldear out while yon can." "Dick, my boy, how would you describe a young law student who a few months ago threw up his studies in tSydsuey to go to make his fortune on the Coolgarlic goldfields in rlder that he might be able to return in a a year or two wealthy enough to make a certain little bright- eyed girl hisbride. How, I say, would you describe that younug man wh-Cie, because he was unable to collect nuggets as easily as the Israelites of old gathered manna off the ground, now wishes to return to his love and to ask 'her to leave a confortable home where she wants for . nothing, aind become the wife of a mana who has utterly failed in his cilecavors to make certain that she, and possibly others now unborn, n:ay not have to face in the future the wolf of hunger and the mttendaut evils of poverty. WoubI I be too severe in calling S!fiat man a coward ?" Dick looked somewhat ashunaled, but I went on, " I wonder if that young man, when hie is so strongly abusing West Australia, ever imagines that lie has only himself to blamme. The colony never asked him to come to thi goldfiekls." .I knew it ,was idle endeavoring to persundle him to remain. It was the old, ohl story; 1 oftenl caught him peeping atgfa girl's photo graph, Land letters that came for him, ahhres sadL ill a woman's halndwriting, were very bulky. I oftcln tried to get him to ?O c ?Ce Sfrom the toils. i Love is all very well, Diek." I said, " as ,uaiiusmaent, but it is too t ifling an affair to be considered in relation to. so very serious a business as matrimony." " Tom, you have no right to talk of love, " answcred Dick, "you haven't h heart as big 1s a plc, or a soul the size of 41 threepemny b~it. . There are other things in the worlh be aide gohl wortj living for." " Quite trneu my boy, but you want gold to get them." Next day ' we plartell e(ilpant1y. D)ick lhumpe hIis swag.: and startedlon the track to )ool icrdie. I set my teeth and firmly re solved to parsue my luck to the bitter lnd. hle day after Dick left I too rollled up my v an ad set. my face eastwanlr with a view prospectinlg new conlltry. I ha-I a different training? fromn Dick. isis reared on my father's cattle station in Qucenslalul, and tie bush is as clear to me as the blue heather-clad hills of Scotland to the true Highlandelr. To my mind it has a weinl grotesque beauty peculiarly its own. To some its aspect may be stern and uninviting, but to me it has no more terrors than the ocean had to Byron. I hal, therefore, no hesitation in starting away alone in the clear cool of the early morning from the col lection of tents and mullock heaps then known as Hanuan's Find, and entering the then trackless depths of the bush. I caitnot say that tramping through the Lush without a companion is not monotonous and fatiguing, but to some natures it. has its comnpensating pleasures. I am now a wealthy man, but I still engage in speculations, and have at present every reason to think that I am on the cr of making the biggest fortune yet acquired in West Australia. I have gooo cause to be pleased with my lot, but I still sometimes, even as I lie back in the most easy of easy chairsand watch the smoke .wreaths curl upwards from my cigar, feel a pang of regret that those happy-go-lucky slays of a couple of year' ago have gone never t to return. I then often drank my billy of tea in the evening before my camp fire with a greater relish than I now sip the most ex pensive champagne. I had no worries about stocks or business, and curled myself in my blanket and slept as sound as a bell until awnkened by the rising sun. The majority of miy realers are tln~n who are almost daily brought face to face with the harnidships of pioneering. The day dream of their lives is to reach a position of affluence such as I now occupy, and they will doubt my veracity when I assert that I was quite as hIappy in the ohld ays when I was pro specting as I am at present, I know that when I was humping my blucy I would have considered any man who male such a state mnent as either a liar or a fool, and no doubt if I were to lose all my money to-morrow it would not be long before I would, if I luet the chance, give a goalod many years of my life to get it back again. Such is life. Pet' feet contenltment is unkolvn. to human nature. After leaving Hannah's I luul no difficulty in finding water, as heavy raits fell a short time previously and at fair quantity was lying on the surface. A few dclays tramp ing brought ime to an exceptionally well timberel and deserted district with likely looking outcrops showing gold freely. I spent some time there prospecting and was very favorably impressed with the prospects. I picked up altogether several ounces of gold, but 1 found that my tucker was run ining out, an'd so luul no alternative but to return to Hamnan's for a fresh supply. I of course meant to come back without delay, as I felt that at last my luck was in. I little thought that I was so soon to meet with a strange and never-to-be-forgotten experience that was to give a turn to all the subsequent events of my life. I reached a shadly nook at noon tile first day of my journey back to Hannan's, and, as is my nature, enjoyetd a siesta for several hours. I often; by the way, have wondered hlow it is thlat Australiats have not generally adopted that splendid institution which pro vides for a rest during the blazing heat of niooun, anltl is so common inl Southlern Europe, fouth America, and other countries. I sup pose it is owing to the natumal conservative. istn or pig- heauledness of Britishers, which makes them so persistent in adlhering to cus tomrs that are suited only to cold climates. That is the only way I can account for the incougruous spectacle often to be seen in Australian cities of an apparenttly sanc man iin thle streets wea.rinlg a bclltoppler and heavy black clothes 1when the thermometer is any Ilheighlt from 100 to 115 in the shade. Thalt night thle moon shioue out fairly bright and in ordcer to make up for the time I hmld lost at mid-uLay 1 tramped along for several hours after the sun hlad gIone doWn. The moon saik soon aftetr mid-night, and ts she was dlropping out of sight I was begitnning to look arounidt for a suitable lspot fori campinig. whet I noticed a long distance aiead tlhe welcome glare of a campi fire. I htad not seein a human being for na good Imany days. n.lltd was beginting to tire of my owvn society. It is only those who I:tve been thus isolated fi'om tlheir fellows who understand the intense longing that occasionally arises to converse withl a fellow hluman beilg, ilno matter lhow scantty or conlalnopllace may be his ildeas or how deficient may be hIis understanding. I hurried forwalrd in the direction of the light but hadl not gone far before I become aware that thie occuiattst of the camp were disput itg in lamguage that was far' from choice. "You know, Pat. " said a clear, cold voice that seemed to cut the air, " the arrangemeut was that I was to pay you £4 a week. " " The devil a bit do I know anything of a the sort, Jim, and you know that same," was the answer that was roared back in an accent I that denoted that the owner evidently hailed from the Green Isle. " I never heard a word of the £4 a week you talk of until now t we've struck it rich. We Ihare been to gether a month and you have not paidl me a 1 farthing. legob its news for me to hear you I were my boss all that time. I may look 1 soft, Mr Jim, and you may think you're going to have the best of me, but I'am a bit smarter than that. Oh ! no; t we have been mates together and we go shares in the find. " sWhat rubbish you are talking. Did I not keep you in tucker and water all the time you were with me? Did not I get you your tools? You were in my employment, and now you talk of oar sharing equally. I risked my money and my labor; you risked nothing and were sure of your weekly wages. " Doin't be wasting your breath; I'm not to be shovel one side like that." t The two men, roughly garbed in bush fashion formed with the surroundings such a wild and picturesque scene as lembrandt or Salvator Rosa. would have loved to paints The reddish circle of light cast by the flicker ing fire seemed intensely bright, because of the awe-inspiring blackness of the sur rounding forest, while the flames as they danceal upwardls gave an air of I almost fiendish animation to the light 1 The man, whom I took to be an Irishmant was standing on one side of the fire, with his liands tightly clenched, and he was evidently a getting very excited. Physically, he was almost a giant. Over six feet in height, broad-shoulered, and(l in every limb well prolportional, he formed a striking contrast to his companion. The latter, who sat on an old stump opposite his companion, was of insignificant figure, and seemed more adaptol for office life or other sedentary occupation than for ';roughing it" in the bush. He was better able to control his temper thana the other occupant of the camp, but there I was an objectionable expression of cauting about his mouth, anld his eyes had it laugerous cold glitter. "Do you know what would happena,' sa id the latter, " if I brought the case to court? I would win, and you wiouhl have to pay my costs, so that you would lose even the £4 a week that I owe you for the last few weeks." "Queer things are done in the cturts,' said the unsophisticated son of Erin, who knew he could not argue on the technliali ties of the law with Jim. " Perhaps what you say is true. It's not justice a man gets in the courts, but :aw, and justice and law appear to be two very different things." The Irishman thus showed himself to be something of a p hilosopher in his rough way, but after a short pause his anger rose to boiling pitch, and he continued in a savage tone of voice--4' Neither you nor the law is going to deprive me of my rights. I have worked now for a good many months on the field, and, be jabers, I'm niot now going to be swindled. You are nothing but, a dirty, low spalpeetn, and I might have known that you'd treat me like this." ' There is no need Pat to talk like that," answered Jim, adopting a more conciliating tone. You cannot forget that I saved your life. You know wheat I first met you, you were dead beat, you hind no tucker or water and you could not have held out much1 longer. I came alonng in a cart and did I not do everything I could for you ever since." " I have workeal prett. hard andl you have1 dtone very little," saidl Pat. but hisi voice was softer aund it was clear that his mate hadl not in vain remiadedal him of the past. His gener osity was awakenedl towards the ant whom lie ;believedl hald savedal his life. "I'll tell you what we'd betterdo." said Jim: rising to his feet and taking a seat netare t tthae Irishman. The conversation then became quieter mand more colfidcential, but I couhl still hear that the Irislhnan was holding out to get half a share in the fitld. The prcsne of a thirdl party in the camp would not. I felt. ,adl to the comfort of the two meen or tlhe inew arrival. I laIve a l deeidedl objection to be regadale as an intrudler, so 1 passed on without making myself known to the disputers, attal canipal lse- whcare tlhat ,aight. About three weeks latea--I was delayedl in Hantlaln's lotlger thliali ] expectl--I lissedl o llmly return Jounlley thie spot vwhere the men llllhad beet catnlpej. I woulld not be a tluce bushlmani if I wertce lint kecll of obseava tiont, aal therae were sigans about tle lhace that at aace aalouseal my suspiciou?s that something unusual had occurreld. Bushes were tramplled down, the ground was torn up as if a struggle had taken place, anld n close investigation I noticed -what I took to be blood clots. I rsolved to learn the truth. The men hall a horse and cart, the tracks of which were easy to follow. They went in the opposite direction to Hlannan's, as if the couple haul agreed to iprospleet further. I kept on the tracks, and at the end of about four or five miles caune to where a halt. had been made. I noticed that something bulky seermed to have beetn removed from the vehicle and dragged some distluce to where the earth had been freshly disturbed. An indescribable feeling of horror pos. sessed mc as the evidence was increasing that a foul and awful deed haul been committed. I felt a cohl perspirationi breaking out, and for some time I stood incapable of action. I was still in liholpes that my worst fearsl hl not beeiu realised when I coaunenced to remove porrion of the earth, but 1 hlul not gone far when I disosvered to my horror the corpse of the Irishman. A gruesome fascina tion urged me on until L had uncovered the whole body, whcnrl. found that it was marked in several pilaces with bullet wounds. The details of the tragic deed then arose vividly before my mind. I could mentally see the two mcln after I hlld gone from their camnullp, failing to come to an agreement. The Irishman could not be deceivel -by his clever but avaricious companion. I could picture Pat's anger being arousedl by Jim's cool and gnisping nature, until in his iage'lle shook him as a terrier might a rat. Then he c~ast'lil fronm him. and white as a ghost, with an ugly glare in his eyes, Jim Iay writhing on the ground for some minutes, giving vent to a storm of oaths. Suddenilv lie was on his feet and rushel to the cart. His powerful assail alit for a few moments took no notice of tile move, but the truth eventually flashed on his brain, and with a cry lie rushed at him. It was too late : his more active mate ran back fromn the cart, ibut the glint of a re volver shone from his hand. The other recklessly rushe:l on, when the sharp report of a shot rang out in the stillness of the night. Pat was struck in the shouhler, and reeled slightly, but recovering quickly he still rushed madly at his armed opponent, who exhibital the nimbleness of a wild cat. The face of a fiend could not be more hor rible tha.ulJim's. lie now meant murder. and a secondl time his revolver awakened the echoes of the forest, but this time the I rishman was butslightly wounded. Again Jim got out of his reach, and the tracks showedl me that he must have dodged his mate hi this way for onice time. Three more shots did lie dis charge at Pat, 'who was hit each ti'me, but the wounds were such as not to prevenlt him still rushing at Jim like an infuriated bull. There was but one chamber of the revolver now loaded. aniid iim hastily retrheated back wards into the darkness of the forest, flually taking a stand behindll a stump a few feet high, where lie awaited for Pat with his revolver raised. It was his last chance. The great bulky form of the Hibernian showved out clearly against the. light of the fire as lie ran blindly on until within a couple of yards of Jim, when there was a flnsh. anld another report rang out through the ilght air. He was hit in the heart.. He staggered on a few pnoies before the impetus with which lie Ihal been goilg was spent, and then fell headlong on the ground quite dead. I could not prevent my thoughts from dwelling on the awful mental agniy Jim must have endured that nighlt when lie fully realised the nature of the work he had cldoe. I could imnagine his planning fifty different ways of gettinlg away undiscovered with the gold and his trembling with fear at even the crackling of 'a dry forest twig. I learned fromn the tracks that lie eventually I'aruessed the horse to the cart, and succeeedl, by a powerful effort for onle so weakly and low. sized, in getting the cold, stiff corpse on the vehicle. 1 seemed to see the glaring eyeballs of the dead Irishman turned as it were to his lmurderer wheom I imagined as huldder, ing whenever he l met their gaze. The whole tragedy up to the time lie buried the corpse passed before my mental vision as vividly as if I lhadi witnessed it from beginning to eld. My duty I. felt to be clearly to follow upl thle nmunlerer and bring him to just.ie. I carefullycxaniined the clothes of the corpse, but could find lnothlilg that revealed, his lname or gave any illforlnatioln as to Ihis idelntity. I followed tihe track that day, naiid knew from the directioln it was going that Jim's idea was to reachl Coolgalrdic by i circuitous route avoiding 1-iannlulns nltogcthTr. IThe next dlay I caine to where lie had ca?mlped, and found that his horse halu got away during the night, alnd that ihe had to abandonu his cart. The thought then struck ire for the first time--Wlhat ltl lhe done with the gold.t I was too experiiencedc a bulshmnln not to quickly solve thle problem. Tl'here were severanl tracks leading back. wards andi folr'warLs to the cart to a thlick portionl of the bush almost half a mile away. A Inlrge tree was markel by an axe as if someone hail begun to cut it down, but sub sequently abandoned the intention. I knew the tree hilnd been cleverly muiarkl in that way by Jim to disguise that it udl any silgnificanceC, and was not long in tile vicinity before I founid a spot where a number of bus?ies were throwli o er siome freshly dis turbal grouid. and at olnce came to the conll clusi.jin tlhat the golb was underneath. I was not mistaken, for on digging dowvn I came to a rumber of liuggets that must have weighed collectively several thlousafiindll ollcees. There wvas no time for delaying tllhen, so 1. hastily refll.le the hole mtd continue follow up Jim's tracks. For several days 1 -kept on the trail. I soon found that Jim's scanty knowledge of the bush would not be sufficient to enable him to get to Coolgardie, and that, he wandered about as if he were hopelessly bushed. He also missed a couple of soaks not far from the track, which I was attracted to by the aspect of the vegetation. I thus was enabled to replenish my water supply, but I knew that he must be suffering the pings of thirst, and that in all probability his end was not far off. I first came across a coat with the pockets full of nuggets, theo a waistcoat, and after that I found all Jim's articles of clothing strewn along the track. These signs told me very plainly what to expect, and so I was not surprised when r came to the stark unked body of Jim almost as black as a cinder. The murderer had met; a worse fate than his victim. •I knew I was not then mnore than a score of miles frcm HaUnan's, and resolved to make straight for there to report the whole occur rence to the local authorities. I camped that night where the cart hadl been left. and by a stroke of luck I found and caught the lost horse. Soon after midnight I was awakened by rain which poured' down\ in torrents. It lstedl for several houI s to my greatdiscom fort nanl was one of the heaviest downpours I have ever seen in the district. Stretmnlets ran in all dicctions, and in low-lying places the ground was covered with water of vary ing depth. Then it was that the thought struck me that all the tracks recently made would be obliterated, and that led me on to wonder who would get the gold after the police hadl done with the affair. I hld. been unable to iprocure any evidences as to the identity of either men, but .even if their relatives were known I -doubted that they would receive the gold, as it would be almost. impossible to prove the amouut of each man's share. I convinced myself that the gobt would go to the Crown. Then I remembered that 1. hn carefully filled in the Irish manl's shallow grave - and covered it. with a good heap of clay. I thought that if the grave were ever noticed it. woubl receive scant attention, as, unfor tunately, scores of men were buried in the early days in the bush where their bodies were found and no public notification was ever givemn of their deaths. I alone knew anything of the terrible crime that had been perpetratedl, and except through me there was no chance of its ever been made public. The feeling came over me that I halu as much right to the gold as the Crown. I. argued that I would injlure no one by applopriathig it to myself and keeping my mouth shut. 1. was poor and the Crown was rich, and Il al as much right to it as the Crown. In the morning I hnarnisle the horse in. the cart, put the gold on board, and travelled to Coolmlriie, avoiding Hannan's for many reasoms. I turned the horse adrift a . few miles from Coolganlic and broke one of the wheels of the cart to imply that t had l to be left there by its owners through an accident. I planted the gold, and made many jouravney backwards and forwards before I got it all t Coolgardie. I sold it in different quarters to avoid suspicion, and at the eanc of a few weeks found I hIad over £000) to y credilt.. That was the foundation of myig eat' fortune. I invested the money in good?hies and town allotments, with the result that my we~lth has grown enormously. I never revealed my secret Wutil now, haut I often had alvert.isements published in the leading newspapers of the eolonies givlngfull descriptions of Jim amd Pat .,and offering large rewards for informaitiofleading to the discovery of their relatives. I. have put the matter in the hands of private detectives, of course giving them no nlformation conuern ing the crime of which I am cognisant. I. hope some day they will be successful in tih search, and then the relations of each n hdi have half the value of the gold with inteerit: added. Some people think me generous. : I give." largely to' hospitals and charitable institu tions. I met any old mate Dick in Sydney about a year ago. He was slaving in. a musty lawyer's office, but was just about to be married to the bright-eyed gird I.n.bed to lecture him about, andbetween them they had hardly enough cash to jingle on a toib-', stone. I told him he was a fool and ?aid he shouldgo back to West Australia, -but: he eyed me more with pity.than with amiger.and· said that his girl was dearer. to him thanaill.., the gold in the world. I laugbed: ornxu~ illy, but he thinks me an awfully decent fellow. because I sent him and his wife a chenque ir: £500 as a wedding gift. [THE END.] 