THE DEAD LOVER. Thestrcotsof the littlo mining town, with their steep sidowalku of flights of steps and in clined plaius, wero bright with lights and gay with pcoplo. There was to be an old folks con cert at tho hall, and tho young people who wero to participate, in their quaint costumes of ibrocado and lace, had congregated, with much ifun and laughter, iu tbo parlour of tho ono hotel, awaiting the time when they were to :make their fntrnnco to the concert-room, the imen from one side and tho womon from the other, in tho way of days gono by. Tho enter . tainmcnt was to closo with a dance, the old ifolks being iu costume. Tbo girls were flitting about tho room, now pausing before tbe mirror to touoh a powdered lock or to glance at a velvet train. Tbo young men, looking at first rather self-conscious in their unaccustomed olothes, tho silk coats, rufQed shirts, and short breeches, joined the mutual adtniration society, and all w& lively with jokes and laughter and small rehearsals. A pretty girl with fi,uify yellow hair and a white dress brocaded with silver was flittins about among tho groups, enquiring— 44 Where's Tom ? Have you seen Tom ? I do want to try our duet.' 44 Lost Tom, Miss Amy ? ' laugbod Harry Hastings. 4* I declare you should tako better care of your proporty than that.'*' 44 How do you know ho is my property P' 14 Ob, a little bird told me. Now see here ; if you'll promiso mo tbe second waltz to-nighb I'll go and look up tbo old fellow for you. Sedn I him sinoo be dressed ? He ought to havo livod j in George Washington's time, ho looks so well in those clothes.' Tbe girl blushed and promised, and Harry started on his quest. There was some confu sion and quite a little crowd about a door further down the ball, and as Hastings paused, Tom McLaughlin came from the room beyond. He was a very handsome young man, though his face now looked white and solemu, 44 1 say, old boy, what's tho row ?' the other caiieu. ' xou re wancea oy a certain lady. Why, you look as if you had seen a ghost.' 14 1 have seen a man die,' 41 Patterson ?' 44 Yes.' 44 Well, that's rough. Consumption, wasn't it ?' 44 Yes,' said Tom, briefly. He mado a motion to go in the opposite direc tion from the parlour. Hastings detained him. 44 Amy wants you.' ' Tell her I'll be there presently.' 44 Well, don't be long ; wo are going over to tbe hall very soon.' Tom went up to his room. The scene he had just passed through had put him out of tune with the gay doings about him. He could still see the set eyes and quivering chin of tho man who had died, and he, too, was young. When be wont down to the parlour Amy was i thero alone, and decidedly cross. 44 1 think ifs too provoking of you, Tom ! ' she pouted, fluttering her silver and white plumoge. 44 They're all gone over, and there isn't time to try our duet. Where have you been ? ' 4.4 With pour Patterson : he has j ab died.' 44 Ob, how dreadful ! But I dou't see what made you go a visiting sick folk on tho night of our concert,' she said pettishly. The young man looked at her in surprise. 41 Don't be cross, dear,' he said. 44 This thing has about upset me.' He was fastening her cloak, and she made an impatient movement. 44 1 used to drop in to see him every evening. The poor fellow was a stranger here, and lone some. He came for his health. It cheered him np, he said, to bear what was going on, so to night I went in to let him see me in these things : I .thought it might amuse him ; but I found bim just going.' 44 Fearful ! But Tom, we must hurry ; they'll be waiting for us.' \- 44 One moment, Amy. I want to ask you something. The poor fellow who died was expecting bis girl to-night in the midnight train. He sent for her ; think what a shock-it will be to her when she comes ! Would you mind if I went up to the station to meet her and try to make it a litble easier ?' 4 44 Mind \ ] guess I ? shonld 1 Any girl would 1 Why, ib will be jusb supper time, and I don't want to bo left without a partner.' 44 1 could get someone—' 44 1 don't want anybody but you. I don't believe that girl is much, coming herb alone to ; see him.' 44 Would you not do it for mc, Amy P' 44 Don't go asking horrid questions 1 Mamma wouldn't think of letting me.' 44 This poor girl hasn't any relations. .She{ thought everything of her. I don't see how j you can help being sorry for her I' 44 Oh, I am ! Now Tom, don't be dis agreeable !' pouting. 44 Come, we must go !' Tom sighed, and they went out into the snowy street. He could not feel in touoh with the gaiety. He found himself continually thinking of that young lifo just gone, of tbe young girl journeying on in hopeto find despair. Something crept into his tenor solo that night which made people 6ay, 44 1 didn't know Tom McLaughlin could riogliko that : it fairly made mo cry.' Amy had recovered her good nature. Shft laughed and danced and flitted about like a fairy. Tom took her to supper and roused himself to join in the gay talk. She thought he had forgotten their little difference. In the dusky I -o v-v/ uova, dud «UU*«)U up a? mm I with shiuing eyes. I 44 Tom,' she whispered, 44 do you know you're splendidly handsome to-night F' ' For answer he took her in his arms and kissed hor. 44 Oh, you bear,' she laughed. 44 You've crushed my dress.' A tall man was standing by the door as they passed out. 44 Hullo, Jake !' called - Hany Hastings, 44 Why ain't you up at the station ? Going to let the passengere walk down P' 44 Plenty of time ; train's late. Due at one thirty.' Tom heard. He took Amy into the hall, and her partner came to claim her ; then he hurried over to tbe hotel. 44 Jake,' he said, 44 I'm goiug with you.' He ran up to his room, tore off his fancy iuto the office. Tbe old man who watched the house was warming his hands at tho stove. 44 Come, Johuny,' he said, putting some money into his hand, 44 1 waut you to seo that thero is a good fire in the parlour when tho 'bus gels back. I'm going up to meet poor Patter son's girl, She is coming io* night, and it is a cold rido down.' 44 Poor girl ! Sure. I'll do it. Mr. Tom ' Mr. McLaughlin opened tho dining-room I door. The tired waiters were clearing away | tho remains of tbefeasb; tbe diminished line of dinner pails on the corner table showed that ' tho miners working on the night shaft had gono out. There was no sign of the landlady. Ho shut the door, 44 Mrs. Cornish anywhore about, Uncle Johnny ? ' he asked. 44 Jist gono to her bed. She was after say ing she was that tired she couldn't drag one fut behind the other.' 44 1 shall have to tell that poor thing my self,' he thought, as he went out and climbed , up beside Jake on the old 'bus for the mile's ride to tho station. ^ Tho train came slowly through the deep cut, its two engines puffiug. It stopped bub an ' insbant ; tho mails were thrown out and tbe passengers alighted ? ? ? ? ? ? Two men and a lady, Sho was evidently alono, and looked about her nervously, McLaughlin went up to her. 44 Excuse mo,' ho said, 44 but is this Miss Abbott, Mr. Patterson's friend ?' j 44 Yes,' sho said. 44 My n&mo; is McLaughlin. I came to meet you,' ho went on, possessing himRn)f of her valise and helping hor into tho stago, . By tho light of the stationmaster's window he saw that she was tall, with a sweet, grave faco ' and luminous gray eyes. The rumbling and crunching of tho wheels through the stiff snow, and the presence of other strangers, made con* veraation difficult. ' Tbe girl looked out over tho snow at the dark houses whioh liued tho winding way down to tbo town. Tbo young man was planning how to tell her. They drew up at the hotel ; tho light from tho brilliant hall across the way streamed out ; strains of a waltz and tbe sound of danoing feet came faintly on thonighbair. Tom hoped that she didnobnotico them. ' Uncle Johnny hsd been true to his promise, and a fire burned brightly in the parlour stove. Tom placed a chair for her in tho pleasant warmth, but she turned to him eagerly, 44 Tell mo about him,' sho jaid. ' Is he better P' J 44 Yes,r ho answered, avoiding her eyes. He went on hurriedly, 41 1 am going to bring you something, and then you may question me,' 44 Thank you,' sho answered. 44 1 shall be glad of something. I have been so anxious to i day that I could not cat, bub now 1 am here I | must save my strength for him.'' i | Tom went out a suspicious lump filling his I throat. Ho returned presently with a cup of I tea and a tray of dainties, purloined with ' Uncle Johnny's help from tho remains of the ball supper. When she had lunchod she said — i 44 1 am so glad Henry is better. Is he on. thin floor ? I fancied from his short letters thafhc was very weak and suffering.' j Tom went up to her and' took her hand. 44 My poor girl,' he said huskily, 44 Henry will never suffer any more ; he is well.' She grew very white and turned away hot head, but sbo did not cry. There was a long silence and then she said in an altered voice— , 44 When ?» j 44 To-night at seven.' Another silence. Then a sound of footsteps approaching and a gay voice saying— 44 1 think 1 must have left my scarf iu here It is cold in tbe hall.' j Amy entered, followed by Harry Hastings. Sbo gave one look at Tom, bendiug over and holding bhe band of the white-faced stranger. tuen wivQout & worn turnea ana went our, ' followed by her cavalier, his lipa puckered for a silent whistle. i Miss Abbot did not appear to have noticed them. I 41 1 must see him,' she said. ' 44 Ob, not to-night! Ib is late, and you are ' weary. Wait unbil morning.' 44 No,' she answered, 44 now ; I must tell him I have come, though it was too late.' Unable to move her. he brought a candle and they went through the silent halls to the room where ber lover lay in all the silent 1 majesty of death, Tom set down the light aud uncovered the still form. 44 I'll wait outside,' he whispered. After some time she joined him, her face now strained with tears. 44 1 will go to my room now,' she said. u Oh, Mr. McLaughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to him and to me ?' , - , When Tom went back to the ball-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young figure, the flying feet, the white and silver - gown. There was a colour in tbe small face and a mutinous expression about the mouth which told bim he would find it bard to make peace. ? ? When she was seated he went to her, bub she did not appear to see him until he spoke. 44 Amy--' 44 Oh, it is you, Mr. McLaughlin ! Have you left your friend ?' . 44 My darling, letme explain.' 44 1 don't want to hear.' Hurriedly slipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him. 44 There 1 When you take ber hand again, slip that on ; she will bo glad of a new lover.' } y The man's face turned very white. ; V 44 Do you mean it, Amy ?' he said. ? 'Yes.' She gave a hard little laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. 44 Harry,' sho said, sweetly, 44 I'm so tired ; won't you take me home P'v Tom looked at the tiny ring lyiug in his band ; its diamond flashed up ab him brightly ; then be thought of the clear grey eyes of that other girl who, had he but known, was to make the happiness of bis life. ' j 