THE PRICE OF A SLAVE. I Bud nnd 1 sat on the liiuh b«iiksof tl-e ravine ?-atoliiiig'th«,EO|itii-is-- iii .l.lie othir tade. Wo whs muil that moniinp. for.Alviia hud told on un again— 'slin wus alway* doing it! .We lived on a farm. ,_Alvira's our rister, and at that time she *ent lo tUe town Tchobir I s'pose that's why she put on so many airs. . - , After we'd scared the gophers into their holes ire sat still and thought awhile At last I said1 — 4 ' 'Bud, what '11 you do pBy hi r up ?' Ifaw Buil's Iririil of cliickeu-tiearteM ; he ncrer can Ihink of anything 'very 'bail, much less do it ; so, to g-ve him time, I muck1, a rhei'so of my skirt, and kept whii ling all the. way along the bank to the cellar, where un bleaches the celery, and back »gniu without evi r falling down once. When I got back Budlaskt d— ' Wliat'll you do, Justin*, to poy her up ?'' I like to scare Bud, and make him look up to me; so I crossed my eyes and showed my te- tb, like we do when we tell the Indian story to the new scholars that come to our schiol, and says, way down in my throat — . ... '?.-???? ' 111 s» 11 her for a slave !' ..'';?' ?? Oh, Justy,' cried Bud, 'how awful! Would you ?' ' I would,' I answered : and to show him how unconcerned I was 1 took a turn down the bank of the ravine on our toboggouslide. We don't have a chance to slide much 'causa pa makes a terrible fuss about tbat cellar duor, and we have to get Hans Francis to pull it up every time before ho gets home from town. We keep on the good side of Hnns Francis by telling him dinner's ready before we call the other men, so's he can go in first He likes Christie, our hired girl, and 1 s'pose they'll get married some day, and then we won't have any more sliding, nnd I'll have to wash the dishes, too. It does aeem as if everything goes wrong in this world ! After I'd. slid down the ravine and walked up ngxin, Bud said, kind of reproachfully — ' Justy, there ain't no such thing as a slave. They're all frep..' Of course I. knew there wasn't any more blank slaves, but I didn't think Bud did, so I was kind of at a lou what to answer, when all at once I thought of what ma said one time about Brown's, oversouth of us : ' Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man !' So I says to Bud— ' The re's slave's now, just the same's ever. Mr. Brown's wife is one '' Bud thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown would take Alvira. I havu to laugh at Bud sometimes, he's so inno cent. ' Of course he wouldn't,' I answered. 'But we could sell her to a man who hadn't a slave already — an awful mean-looking man.' Bud began to weaken at this, so I went on— ' Of course we couldn't get anything for her; we'd probably have to give the man something to boot, to get him to marry her ; but I guess if you'd had to wear her old clothes, as I have, you'd be willing to do most anything to get rid of her. Look here,' I went on, standing up and holding out my apron ; ' its made out of her old skirt. How'd you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud ?' ' Well, I'd want it made into pants first,' answered Bud, kind of hesitating. 'Yes,' I said, ' and every boy that saw you would say, ' There goes Bud Syb ester with his sister's skirt on !' ' '? They wouldn't !' cried Bud, getting red in the face. ' If d be sewed into breeches !'* ' ' They'd know it just the same, and they'd ask yru if you had a hauloom on.' This brought Bud. over to my way of think ing, as I knew it would, for if there's anything in this world that makes him mad, it's to be made- fun of. ... _ . We couldn't think who we could get to marry Alvira, and we went over and sat on the outside gnenhouse door, that slants, and miked it over. There was no one mean enough to suit us but Ed Rickets, the man that tends to pa's celery, They plant it out in the field all summer, over rows of tiling ; and we don't like Ed, 'cause one time when he put the hose in one end of a row to run the water across the field we changed the nozzle, when he wasn't ocking, into the moat around the castle we'd built ; then n-a forgot about it, and the moat overflowed and flooded the field. Now if it had been' Hans Francis he never would have told ; but Ed did It was nice and sunny on the greenhouse door, and we'd taken our time to it, and said all the mean things about Ed Rickets we could think of, when all at onct. the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled off Ed Rickets stuck his hoad out and said — ?? Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't y ou ? ' Just wait till we pay him up ! Then we went along the creek to hunt for ! nipgi r heads, and while we was there wa come acruFs a man walking along with his hands be i hin 1 him. I thought as soon as I saw him tbat he would make a good slave owner, and 1 just asked him if he was married. ? He laughed, and wanted to know where we sprang from. Bud told him wo didn't spriug at all ; we was just hunting around ; and he asked him what.ho.was doing. He sobered up then and walked along with us, and said he was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relics. I asked him what Indian relics was, and he said they was beads and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in niouuds with dead Indians a long time ago ; and did we know of any mounds around here ? Tbat set me thinking : I did know of one, and I winked to Bud to keep still ; then I said to the professor — i ' Wuat'll you give for an Indian mound ?' He laughed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, «M he asked — i ' Mr. Professor, are you married 1' 1 'Why do you want to know that?' he Kplied, laughing. Then I whimpered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided we'd better tell the professor the whole thing, and make him an offer. So wo told him if he wasn't married, and would marry our sister Alvira and make her a slave, we'd give him the Indian mound and call it square. '. He laughed the most I ever seen anybody laugh, and asked us if wo meant it. Then he inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and everything. I told him yes, she was ; and the Indian mound was a good one, 'cause I'd got somn beads out of it 1 could show him. Ho then asked us right out where it was — as if we were such fools as to tell ! Bud says, '? Oh, no, you don't !' and winked. I This made the professor kind of mad, and ho walked around a bit with his hands in hi i pockets , then he asked — ?' Where can I see your sister ?' Bud told him we'd fix that, and he must swciii1 he'd never tell a word of what we said to hiui, for we wouldn't show him the Indian raouiul. After he'd dono it we asked him to go to the big greenhouse while we was eating sup per that night, and we'd come down and hide [him whore ho could see Alvira when wo brought her there. 1 forgot that that was 'the night when Han ?Trancis smokes the greenhouses, and we diil nave mi awful time of it. We putthe professor in a kiml of srib in the forcing-huase. After anyone got in ib was pretty hard to get out j'.gaiu ; then, too, it was very dusty. ; Tbo.HnoIxe of burning tobacco stems is all. I* ' ' ,' i ? _ ..? ,;..-,,,'? Lvery well when you're used to it, but when. you in't — well, you just can't stand it, that's all. I And, besides, the professor didn't know whBt was buruiug ; he th.ught the whole house was on fire. However be got out of tbat crib I can't irnHgine. but just »s we'd ull got ananged around the outer edge of one. o'. the furnaco pits, and Alvira was going to tell tl.e fir-t ghost stiiry, like we always do nights when they smoke thb grieuhousu, and the smoke was so thick you could scarcely see the orib, all to onct some one dropped out of it, hollered ' Fire !' and ran. If there was an inch in all them 10 green houses that the professor didn't run or fall over I'd like to know it. I think he upset every singlo thing thaf -wasn't nailed down bt-.fore he got out Hans Francis was carrying the little sheet iron stove they bum the stems in from ono house to another, and the professor had to knock it endways, of course, just as pa fell into the furnace pit. Well, the ' burglar ' got away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. I'm suro I couldn't say, 'cause Bud and I sneaked off to bed about that time. We didn't see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one. morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. He didn't act at first as if he was gliid to see us, and even when Bud told him we hadn't a thing against him he just looked at us in sur prise and said — 'Well, if you are not the most impudent child rrn!' I ilon't think that was very polite ! After a while he came around, and aBked uj how our lovely sinter was, and then we fixed it up to have him call upon pa some evening to consult him about books He could come home on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at home ; and I'd fix it so tbat she'd come into the room. I heard ma calling me then, and 1 had to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got thii-gs mixed, and told the professor to come Saturday evening instead. When Friday night came I got Alvira to fix up by telling her I was most sure I beard pa invite one of the Briston boys ovit. 1 kni w she couldn't prove anything by pa, 'cause he forgets awtul bad. The professor didn't come that night, and I couldn't imagine why. 'cauFe Bud had gone home with Cousin Willie, and never told me. Saturday night we was all except pa tired out, and went to bi:d early. I never seen such a person as pa is— he'll sit up till two in the morning and read Byron's poems. Our house is pretty big, but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all the week in town, *nd when she came home Friday night she had to sleep nu a sofa in a little recess in our parlour. Now our house ain't built like the houses in town ; it don't have a front hall, so when you open the front door you step right into the parlour. After everybody was asleep in tun house bu! pa, there was a knock at the front door. Pa's a dear, good man, and we just wouldn't tako anything in the world for him, but he's the awfulest person to forget ! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. He brought a lamp and set it on the parlour table, and then opened the door. Of course it was the professor— what other luck could you expect ? Fa iusiftte I on his coming right in, and when he found out who' he was they began to talk about books. Alvira soon woke up, and just had to lay there with the bright light shining in her face, and those two men sitting quite near her. They couldn't see anything except her face and head, as the recess was partly curtained off, and the sofa almost entirely hidden. But her head, wis enough ; it looked awful. It's the style now to wear your hair crimped ; Alvira curls her short hair with & curling iron, but the crimp ing she does on big hairpins, which fctick out every way and made her head look real funny. ! By this time ma and I was up and trying to ! save her ; we could see her through the crack , of the door, her cheeks like fire. She was so ; angry with pa that I just expected to see her fly at him ; and there pa sat, gently stroking his whiskers and smiling, the very personifici tion of goodwill to man. Ma stood back in the hitting-room, where the profe-^or couldn't see her, and made frantic motions to catch his eye ; and when at last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do ? In stead of taking the hint and excusing himself he just stopped abruptly what he was paying, | and turning upon ma x beaming imile asked her what she wanted. j Of course ma had to go into the parlour then and tell pa to bring his company cut into the sitting-room. There was a smile around the professor's moustache all the rest of the even- ' ing, and he looked at me once and winked. ? Pa liked him very mucb, and he sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to , the town school, 'cause I was a bright one. I He came to our house lots of times after that, : and as soon as Alvira was through sebcol he married her ; but my ! you never could make Alvira believe Bud and I mi.de tbat match ; she thinks the professor fell in love with her. Just | imagine a man falling in love with any girl after : seeing her with a lot of crimping pins on her head ! Alvira is tho most deluded creature ! We showed tho professor where the Indian mound was ; he never could have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to go insidp of the collar and dig straight out in a certain place, and there was the heart of tha mound. We fouud our beads right on the collar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till I thought ot it. The professor dug right in ?svith a shovel and his hinds. The idea of put ting your hands in such a mess ! You'd never catch me doing it ! 