NEWS IN BRIEF The Australians won the Hampshire match by an innings and 125 runs. The victors made 1(i2 in their first innings, and Hampshire 203 in their second. Giffen scored 130, Graham 6G, and Trumble 28. For Hampshire, WVynyard made 08 and Webb 15. Mount Bischoff T. M. Company'.j London cable gives the price of tin at S62 10s, market steady. Forecast for to-day-Cloudy, with passing showers; strong S.S.E. winds or gale. A disturbance is 600 miles 11.N.E.from Hobart, approa:-hing Tasmania. Steamer Rotokino, from Launceston, has landed her stud sheep in line con dition. Mr. J. C. Von Stieglitz, M.H.A., re turned from a visit to his station at Cleveland Bay (Q.). -He reports that the oil dipping now being practised promises to lie most ef fective in subduing the tick post. When he arrived there he found the dairy herds almost exterminated. No fresh milk was obtainable, and ah butter had to be imported. The Court of Requests sitting was concluded yesterday, when William Kirkwood was awarded the is 7d he claimed from James Martin. The Dorset brought 55 tons of Mount Bischoff tin ore from Burnie yester day. Brigantine Swordfish, from the Pen guin to Townsville, has put into Sydney, leaking badly. She was caught in a heavy gale after passing Kent's Grolup, and sprung a leak. and sastained other danmge. Steamer Tnicri left the Mersey yes terday foi Sydney with 1310 tons of produce, including 1265 tons potatoes. She proceeded to Burnie and Stailey to top up. The market price for potatoes at Devonport is £2 5s to £2 7s Gd, and seed lots, which are scarce, are in good request. Last evening the trains arrived at and departed fi om Killafaddy bridge, the water having left the line. This bridge is at present unsafe for, heavy traflic, which prevents the direct running of the trains taking place for a day or two yet. The river at Fingal was not so high' yesterday as expected, and was falling last evening. On Saturday last the quarterly meet. ing of the State School Teachers' As sociation was held. The new rules for the conduct of the association were adopted, and copies will be issued shortly. The Mayor has been initiated an' honorary member of the Loyal Maids of Cornwall Lodge, M.U. A lot of water left the low-lying land at Inveresk yesterday, and the waters are fast subsiding. At a board meeting of the female con tingent of the H-ibernian Society last evening satisfaction was expressed at the progress of the association. Dr.Butler made his maiden speech in the Council in moving the address-in reply. Mr. Rooke, if he had his own way, would not elect any of those individuals who had been speechifying on federa tion, but rather those who studied the facts of the case. The member for North Esk is of opinion that the Legislative Council il not sufficiently in touch with the people. Mr. Collins would wipe out the float ing deficit by funding the amount and establishing a sinking fund. Mr. Collins states that a number of farmers have this year paid off the ac cumulated indebtedness of years. Mr. Urquhart states that a rallway; from the West Coast to Hobart would never pay, as not one ton of ore would be carried on it. The Government were twitted In the Assembly last night for dropping the unimproved value scheme. Mr. I-artnoll said they were to be wrapped up in the "unimproved" flag, but had now sneaked out of it. The Premier said that Ministers hoped to show that their existence de pended on more than "unimproved". value. In the Assembly last night Mr. Dol' son distinctly denied that he had ever, compared the Anchor mine to Mount' Huxley. He challenged the Premier to *name the four members who, Sir Edward had said, heard him say so. The Premier refused to name them, but agreed to satisfy Mr. Dobson pri vately. Dr. Crowther wants the Government to tackle the Hobart "ghost," as the police appear to be powerless. Here is a fine opportunity for the Premier to display his versatility and earn the undying regard' of the Ho bartonians. Arbor Day was successfully initiated at Campbell Town yesterday. Much enthusiasm was displayed,and about 70 trees were planted. Good news continues to come to hand from the West- Coast. Comet, Junction, and Western mines much improved. New discoveries are reported from Mount Tyndall, and the Tyndall-Lyell I district promises to prove very valu able. I The foot track from Mount Reid to Lyell via White Spur should be in creased to a pack track. I Very satisfactory prices were again I secured for Tasmanian sheep in Sydney] \- yesterday. Mr. J. G. Davies, M.H.A., has ar ranged for meetings to be held in the electorate to appoint delegates to the Mining Conference. . '' 