I Juan's Slayer- An awful crime has been committed at Ortiz. The wealthy Juan Ferea, he whom everybody liked, had been f jund dead at his own door. Where was the murderer, and who could it be that would kill such a good old mao, jind .rob him too? That was the worat of it. There was no cine by which they could work, and the officers whs came np from G-uaymas want home again at the 1 end of a week, weary of their useless task. J The good padre, who buried the murdered I man out in the-desolate graveyard of sand and cactu% where the sun was so hot it cracked all the wooden crosses, said a prayer that the villian might be brought: to justice. But he had little hope that he would be. " He has disappeared so completely the devil must be protecting him." said the old women, as they filed out through a broken •pace in the crumbling wall that did duty as a gate. " Poor old Juan is dead, and he wh •» mu dered him is enjoying the blood-stained gold he took from his pockets," is what they thought as they slowly walked home after the last sad words had been said. They pa sed the hcu«s where the dea t man ha 1 lived for so many years, and shuddered when thfy aaw the dark spot on the ground— stained with the blood of Juan that flowed from the ghastly knife-wound in his ba-k. Far away from Ortis, in a beautiful village of the Sierra Madre, a young man had been trying for weeks to forget something— trying to convince himself that he had not committed a great crime. He hai plenty of gold and the love ef a beautiful maiden if he could only forget— yes, forget that be had killed his fathar. He could forget it if it was not for that strange whirring sound like the flapping of wings that constantly haunted him. He fi-st heard it just as he struck the fatal blow, and since then it has never ceased day or night. What, was that ? Surely not the wind. And, if it was not, why should Leonard Perea be afraid of a sound—he who hai faced wild bea ts and foight Indians 1 Hut he turned over in bed and pnlled the clothes over his head to keep away the sound—ihat awful sound that fi st whirred like a flock of pigeonB and then died away like an infant's wail. """ "Am I'm Bare euro ii< it uas has uuiumg nothing to iu uu do with mm LUC the j^^g of the oU man," caid Leonard to himself, but somehow the whole sctne would come up before him Again he was riding along the road to see the father he had deserted years ago. He was not going because he wanted to see the good old man, but because he wanted money. Money he mushave at any cost. It was long past mdnight when he knocked at the door and his father came cut to greet him, Leonard re membeis distinctly, and when he askei for money took .out a bag and gavei him a good quantity of gold. But it was not enough— he must have it aTL It was such an easy thing to do. Only a thrust with the knife as the old man turned to go into the hsme after bidding him farewell, and the gold was his. .But what was that whirring sound? The village waa in darkness, but it followed him as he sped down the stieet to his horse, and kept near him as he flew over the country, farther and farther away from his crime. No, he never got away from it. The aound was always with him. Ugh 1 There it was again, and Leonard pulled the blankets over his head. Morning came, but the whirring sound came with it. At night it was nearer than in the d tytime, but it nev -r ceased. " I won't pay anv attention to it to- day," said Leonard to himself as he went for his breakfast.. " I am sure it is nothing and has nothing to do with me." It was a beautiful day, nrd the son had nearly reached its zenith. Leonard threw himself down on the ground in the sha le of tree to _ get a little sleep thit ha had been j deprived of- in the night, but had scarcely losedhis "Whir—flap, eyes— flap—whir. 1 I "Ugl gh," " "Whir. Flap." Leonard felt a cold breeze fan his cheek as j e jumped to his feet, but there was nothing I ear him. He was alone. By ugoi> night Leonard's ueuuntuB brain URUII was in w * a whirl. mum. Tfae B0UIld everywhere, fiarely it was A his father's ghost. Ang-ls had wings, and he old man's spirit must be passingjthrough the " Let roim. me out of this. I don't want the I old," and Leonard fluag the yellow bag of j oin ont of the window. Over the hills and , ountains he eped, he knew not where. But he sound was with him. Again he was in the street before his ather's house. Oh, if the old man were only | live, he could aurely prevent the terrible sound 1 . Somebody was coming, but Leonard hid — do?t P S£ I did it," he thonght. Whir, whir-^flap, flap. This "time it was closer than it had been before, fcnrely that was a dark form flying j through the air. " I'm not a bit frightened," the murderer thought, trembling in every | limb. The dark form in the air drew ] nearer and nearer, and the flapping, whir- j ring aound was fast and furious. " Keep away, fiends I" yelled Leonard, and he thought —<1ACTOM he saw anJ «niVc/J a dark, fail wicked ITA form, /inyArA^ with cloven foot and spiked tail. He coverei his kifi face with his hands and screamed with agony. The dsrk form came neare*. * l Mercy, mercy!" he howled. Aw'nl forms of darkness, keep away I It was not I who killed him 1" The flipping and whirr ritg were close to him, and Leonard could see a pair of dark wings spread as if to enfold him- He struck out with h s hand and straggled wildly, hut the wings came closer and closer. He felt claws scratching his f^ce and heard wings beating the air. Surely the devil had him. A pafy . shot through his eyes, every- "thing grew black; and it seemed as if the flaiies of hell were seething round him. He ceased straggling, and lay still in death. Th^ next morning the people of Ortiz found him lung in the same spot where his father's dead body had beea discovered. The people were almost crazy with fear. The old padre shook his head and crossed himself. It wad while they were carrying the body into the house that old Manual noticed poor Julian's pet black ea?le, that had been missing since he was killed, sitting on a wall near by. His feathers w.Te torn and ragged, and he seemei interested in what was going on. But of coarse the eagle hid nothing %a do with"the death of Leonard'—at least that is what the | padre said.— nmjonafre : .«Honesty, my son, is always I tbe policy." His Son " Well, may be it is j lather; but flail you've done pretty wdL" San Framiseo Call. 