TWO TüJMPTATIONS. I (WRITTEN* FOR THE *' EXAMINER.") By WEMYSS ST. CLAIR. CHAPTER-1. _ . Vaux. WELDKN, M.D., had passed by a twelve month or so the allotted span of life. He had turned over many leaves in the Book of years since he gave up a lucrative practice, when in the zenith of professional fame, and disappeared from the medical world. Scien- tific magazines, to which be was a constaut »nd valued contributor, knew him no more. It was not known why-or whither-the clever young doctor had cone, and in the absence af authority, hypothesis was resorted "woman": but once more public opinion was ?wrong, nnd grovelled in the mire of supposi- tion. All that, however, happened years ago ; And our story deals with the tall, slim, old (nan, with a slight stoop from his square «boulders. Fine large brown eyes lit up a vale, clean-shaven face, upon which Time had written his tale in hieroglyphic wrinkles. The nose, though rather lomj, was finely «hiselled, and from beneath a dark blue velvet cap strayed thin gruy hairs. The old mun s face-when in repose-told plainly of suffering ; but when interested, his «yes sparkled, anaintelligence played round «very feature. "The Lodge," a red brick house, with a verandah running all round, stooy well back from tho street. The grounds were some- what neglected, but in the centre was a large green, carefully raimo plot, shaded by n . magnificent specimen of the Moreton Bay fig, /under which was a rustic seat, A hedge, along the fence partly obscured the grounds, and within reach of passers by peeped muny varieties of roses. The front room, on the right side of the house, was titted up ns n library, at the side of which ; was a window, looking into a shrubbery. /Through a door from the library, entrance waa gained to the doctor's sleeping apart- ment. There was no sign of luxury anywhere. A '? faded carpet covered the library floor ; ond over the door leading into the bedroom hung <in oilpaintlng of a remarkably handsome woman, dressed old-fnshionedly, and wearing ; ringlets. In the library the old man's" days were Eassed. Except when the weather was mild, e' would sit under tho fig tree. At night he ! burned low the lamp, in communion with ghosts of long departed scientists. Their musty bones seemed to rattle when he turned over the leaves of their books. For years they had been his only companions : ever.stnco the soul of his youth had fled from ¡ts habitation. But in Destiny's hand was held a light, thal gradually dispelled the darkness that enshrouded him. to. With one 