PRAYER FOR THE ARMENIAN CHRISTIANS. : Copies nf thefo!!ow ug circulars(2) have )>een sent to the heads of the Churches in Victoria : — THE COUNCIL OF CHURCHES IN VICTORIA. Brighton, May 11, 1895. At the last meeting of the Council of Churches the enclosed call to prayer was read, and the Council resolved—"That the Secretary Iw instructed to transmit the call to prayer, on behalf of the Armenian Christians, to the heads of ail the Churches, aud urge them to bring the atipeal before their congregations, and invite them to unite in prayer on behalf of these oppressed Christians." In accordance with the above resolution I have the honour to convey the enclosed to you, and to invite your sympathy and co- • ;-x.'ratum. ARMENIA. A CALL TO PHAVJ R. Christmas has gone, the New Year has come, and s^ill the dreadful tragedy proceeds. An ancient Christian people is being plundered, starved, murdered, and martyred. This is happening in the sight of all Christendom. With its full knowledge. Within the.rangeof its public responsibility. Men are tortured, women are outraged, children are violated, homes are burnt. No one cull doubt it- Consuls have reported it. Ambassadors have known it. Eye-witnesses have placarded it. Photographers have recorded the teftible proofs. These unhajipv people for the most part are without arms, and it has only ljecn in two or three exceptional cases that, after years of despairing appeals, they have turned 011 their oppressors. These outrages, barbarities, massacres still continue. The protest of the European powers has hitherto served only to intensify the horror or multiply the death. Thousands of men, Women, children, homeless and foodless, are awaiting the terrors ot an iron Asian winter. It is incredible, it ia intolerable, that Christendom should continue to look on in apathy and impotence at a sight so appalling. We most humbly and e.trnesUy implore all those who miluence the mind and direct the efforts of the Church of Christ scattered throughout the world to draw the whole force o? tha Church's Corporate Prayer into au entreaty 10 God the Father, and' Christ our King, and the Holy Ghost the Comfortev, that this shaine may cense ; that tins crime may bo stayed; aud tiiat wc may no longer, by our selfish indifference, our hindering jealousies, withhold the righteousness and compassion of God from coming to the succour of Iiis people, who arc keeping fast their faith to the death. George Southwell, Bishop of Southwell and Notts:'.!. Hereford. Bishop of Hereford; K. Roffeu, Bishop of Rochester; H. W. Wcbii- Peplue, iVebendary of St. Paul's; 11. Scott Iluilaud, Canon of St. Paul's: Charles Gore, Canon of Westminster; Basil Wilberforce, Canon of Westminster; W. II. Fremantle, Dean of RljKin; Malcolm McCrih. Canon of Ripou; Arthur T. Waugli, Archdeacon and Canon of Ripiin; A. M- Fairbairn, D.D., Mansfield College. Oxford; Alexander Mackeniinl, D.D., Bov. deii; Ju .eph Parkcr: D.D., City Temp'c ; J. B. Pnron. D.D-, Nottingham ; W. F. Moulton. D.l), Cambridge; Huch Price Hughes, West London Mission: J. Oswald Dykes, D.D., Principal English Presbyterian Collage : J. Monro Gibso.i. D.D. : J. Clifford, I).I).. Westbmirne Park Chapel, W. ; F. B. Mever. Christ Church, S.E. 