— - - ? ? AOTA POPTJLI. By The Flaneur. There's nothing new under the sun — the alleged ' poetry' of our Paddington Poet-Laureate, of course, excepted. . Wonderful as the Rontgen ray. photography is, I .find it was anticipated in a ' 20fch century story1' called 'Electra,' written some years ago by a Wur' teraburg physician under the pseudonym ' Philan der.' The plot of this story is that, aided by Electra, the Spirit of the Twentieth Century, a young doctor .discovers how to make all organisms transparent' . and, by means of the simplest materials, too.' At a meeting of the leading scientific society of the time he makes his marvellous discovery known, and having explained the working of his new light apparatus and shown the effects upon two patients, peals of applause are heard on every side. One learned Professor of Physic elevates his nose, however, and sneeringly says he doesn't see that there is anything to make afussover at all, because the whole affair might have been discovered by any one. Tie could have found it out in five minutes if he had given his mind to the matter, but his prac tice was too great to allow of time for thought, and that was where young, unfashionable doctors had the bulge over the elder and more esteemed practi tioners. That was anticipating Dr. Jefferis's pet theory about the ' Blessings of Poverty,' and the miseries of the man who holds scrip and shares and a thumping great banking. account, and draws £500 a year stipend (as is the case of certain unfortunate Doctors of Divinity), but the sneering Professor ?was cried down with sarcastic shouts of ' Coium bus ! Columbus, again !' and the chairman, a lead ing professor of surgery, exclaimed : — ' A new and glorious future has dawned for us doctors. 'What would I have given for such a method of making embedded foreign substances visible!' What was looked upon as a wild freak of a foolish imagination when 'Electra' appeared is now an accomplished fact, and has been successfully performed in this city during the past week. It is not safe to say that anything is impossible nowadays— except to knock sense into the heads, or charity into the hearts, of the fanatical followers of ''' King Billy,' whose recent asinine capers remind me of an interesting piece of history I once, read concerning an Earl of Kildare, who in Henry VII.'s reign held the office of Lord Deputy in Ire land. This Earl was the sworn foe of the unhappy Irish ; in fact, so merciless was his conduct that he was brought before the King and charged, among other crimes, with having burnt the Catholic ' church of Cashel. 'Upon being asked what he had to say in defence, Kildare turned to the King and briefly replied» ' Sire, that I burnt the church is true, but I. was led to believe that the Catholic Bishop was inside , the .building !' ' Grammercy !' exclaimed £the King,/' I am vastly pleased with that reply. You are just the sort of man we want to rule in Ireland !' Returning to the Rontgen discovery, I may briefly state in explanation that it is now proved that there are certain rays besides those known as rays of light* to which some transparent substances are opaque, and some opaque substances are transparent, and that the photographic plate is sensitive to these' rays. Therefore, by proper management it is now possible to obtain a photograph of things invisible eitner to tne eye or to tae microscope. This is about the biggest thing in discoveries since the days of Newton, and, like a new daily paper, it will' fill a long-felt want,' and solve many social problems' heretofore involved in impenetrable mysteiy. For example, it will now be possible to catch tlie lodging-house cat, turn the Rontgen rays on her body, and ascertain if she really drank the milk, or ate the fish that was left after dinner. In like man ner the new discovery will enable a fond mother t° see if baby really swallowed the safety pin, and ate the box of matches, and drank the poisonous lini ment that had been left for him to play with, and the careful housewife will also be able to judge if the warranted new-laid eggs she bought were part of yesterday's crop, or whether they were some of those that were half -hatched by the squawking geese that once saved ancient Rcme. I have heard that the new discovery has already een the means of preventing wilful murder and the declaration of a gory vendetta between two neigh bouring families iti Surry Hills. From information received it seems that the Mulgutheries were the proud owners of a beautiful blonde billy-goat that had been, a member of the family for 14 years, and, barring that he would steal and swallow everything he could get his jaws around, bore the very best of characters. . One morning the patriarchal William was found ia the street as dead as Adam, and as he had been 8,ecuse4 of baying butted one of tho next-dopr neighbour's children into a waterhole the day be fore, suspicion fell 'on the child's father— one Mul growther — for having worked poor old William off by means of poison. Mulgutherie, senior, was about to interview the head of the Mulgrowther household with an axe whena friend suggested thatthe goat should becarted out to the University and examined by means of the Rontgen rays. This was done, and it was then seen that poor old William had died from natural causes, to wit— he had swallowed two empty jam tins with the jagged lids left on, four yards of a clothes-line with a number of home-dyed stockings attached, one cockatoo and cage, a rat-trap with three rats ' doing time' inside, a feeding-bottle, and a con siderable quantity of baby's clothing, two tins of luminous paint, a pound of tobacco and an old file of an evening paper containing a full account of the Dean case. Then Mulgutherie took his dead Willie home and buried it in a sand-hill, and the Mul growther family, instead of being on the warpath thirsting for Mulgutherie scalps, were amongst the chief mourners at the funeral. Another interesting case on record is that in Avhich an up-to-date doctor photographed the brain of a Scotch editor who had suffered for some weeks from an intense headache, for which there seemed to be no relief in the maleria medica. The photo developed by the Rontgen rays revealed the fact that a small joke had by some means pene trated nearly half an inch into the brain, and had set up the irritation wh ich was the cause of the unfortunate man's terrible distress. By the aid of surgery the joke was safely removed, the headache relieved, and the patient is now doing as well as can be expected — for a Scotchman. What is now most wanted here is for some scien tific kodaker to step round to Parliament House and photo the brains (if any) possessed by the Reid Ministry, in order to ascertain if there is really such a thing as a belief in freetrade stowed therein, and if so what induces the said Ministry to wobble over to protection every time it is confronted with a difficult fiscal problem ? The mention at the head of this agonizing epistle of the Paddington Poet-Laureate reminds me that a little bird of the ' Lyre' species whispers the glad tidings that John Jawbone is about to woo his' aboriginal Muse once more, and -turn out a grand epic ??pome' that will make the shade of Dante shriek and the spook of Milton let off a string of mild green curses of envy. The little 'Lyre' bird further twitt6rs that the teeming brain of John Cassius was at first sorely exercised as regards the choice of a fit and proper subject for his epic, the merits being about equal as regards three, viz. : The Mercadool Case, the Kiama Ghost, and the recent Orange Riot at Bruns wick. Our readers will be delighted to learn that, according to the latest rumour, our only poet has solved the difficulty by deciding to write three epics — one on each of the above sweet subjects. The Mercadool case is to be dashed off in a sort of Bret Harte vein, and it is alleged the opening lines joggle along as follows : — ' Have I hoard of the cnso Mercadool ? D'ye think I'm n goldarned fool ? Why, Ma and Carrathors (We're just like twiu brothers), Settled far tougher problems at school.' I don't know how the ' Kiama Ghost' poem will joggle along ; but I believe the ' Orange Riot' is to be a noble song, opening with a description of the religious service, in which — ' Symphonic spheres a strain combined, The stellar, choral interlude.' Then the hurried steps of the ' Man Who Struck Buckley' and the ' Man Who Thumped O'Hara' are heard. A feeling of unrest, like the first symp toms of 'prickly heat,' creeps o'er the worshippers of King William, and eftsoons — ' Low sobbed the sulleu, soughing wind Athwart innocuous desultude— ' and I presume the good old ' Nocent Waterspout' hurries up and has a splash in at the tomfoolery as well. Then the fight begins in earnest, and here the great poet, rising to the full dignity of his noble theme, knocks Milton into a Coonanbarra hat by a battle scene which begins : — 'Dank Sheol writhing fumes Stygian, Belch sudden sulphur lowering mien ; Gigantic devils, man protean, eftsoona doth Eun amuck, red lava gods entomb, And all becomes one horrid howling hash.' Some persons object that they never know whafc John Jawbone's ' pomes' are about, but that is the very thing which constitutes their great worth and beauty. It is very probable that the poet himself doesn't know what they are drivelling over. He has a special trick of piling up a lot of six-story words and then ctopping short, just as the reader's enthuoiRsm is raioed to boiling point. That, how ever, is the secret of his great success. It is his stops that make him popular. The more he stops' the better the people like him, and if he stopped altogether they would probably present him with the freedom of the Bondi sewer, and honour him with a nice mud bust, the same as they have been forced to volunteer to honour Jacob Garrard. I have been told that when the recent successful musical service at Mount Carmel was over, one of our soundest professional musicians, a man of half a-century's acquaintance with music, said, ' Ah ! It takes the old singers to do a good Mass properly after all !' I am afraid there was a deal of unpleasant truth in that remark, for I can remember when 'Cordner's ? Choir' held at least three sopranos (contraltos are always scarce), two tenors, and three basses who could take up all the solos for their voices in the usual run of Masses, and I should be sorry to have to fast until I found a choir so well fitted as that to day. We have hundreds of excellent young singers but somehow the great majority of them show a most deplorable backwardness in coming forward to assist in our choirs. What is the real reason for this unsatisfactory state of affairs ? Haydn made a neat defence of the florid and secular style of some of his Mass music, but it would take a cleverer man than even he to satisfactorily apologixe for the bravura pieces occa sionally heard in some choirs. An anecdote— and a a true one it is, too. A lady once sang an Offertory solo which was nothing but one long string of ' runs' and trills and other vocal gymnastics from beginning to end. And, speaking of this after Mass, the good priest who had ' celebrated' gravely said, 'Do you know, I felt quite relieved when that Offertory piece we had to day was over. It was so full of difficult passages that I was quite nervous lest the singer should fall into one of them and get herself hurt. ' It reminded me of one occasion that I went to a circus that was giving a show for some charity or another, and when a woman performer came out to throw a somersault from the top of the tent to the bottom I shut my eyes tightly and asked a friend who was with me to let me know when the awful act was over. I'd far rather take anyone's word that they could do those things than see them done.' Harry Conor, of the ' Chinatown Trippers' Troupe,' once said, 'I was the first person Mr. Hoyt ever engaged for the stage. At that time I was singing in churches and at benefits in aid of suffering humanity, and humanity never suffered more than when I sang.' Apropos to which, and bearing somewhat on the subject of congregational singing, here is a par. from an English paper, which says : — ' The case of Miss Amelia Mary Payne, at the South- western Police Court (London), should prove a warning to those who sing out of tune and time in the church service The prisoner was in the habit of singing discord antly at church, and was found guilty of disturb ance.' 'Payne' is a sweetly appropriate name for a congregational-disturber like Amelia Mary ; and now that the mat.ter has been made public, perhap8 the God-fearing Government will catch on to the idea, appoint a Church Service Inspector, and swell the revenue by means of fines on discordant singers. Those who can't sing, but will sing, ought to swing, fines won't stop them from their yelling. I don't know whether it is due to its bananas or its alligators, or to its being the home of the weather fiend, Mr. ' Inclement' Wragge, but Queenlandis always a good spot to strike for a humorous story. This week I find a choice piece of humour which (of all persons in the world) comes from a Wesleyan parson, the Rev. Mr. Hutchison, who, speaking of his experience in the far nor' -west of Queensland, feelingly says : — ' It requires much faith for a man to say grace in the well-known formula, ? For what we are about to receive may the Lord make us truly thankful,' when he knows all the time that the 'mut ton' on the table is a joint of very ancient goat.' Mr. Hutchison might travel further and fare worse, however, for I have heard of another tra veller in the Never Never country, who once en joyed part of his own dog, which a clever Chow cook had converted into ' rabbit pie.' Another story tells of a travelling preacher who had his own boots served up in a similar fashion, but that yarn like many of our cablegrams, requires 3onfirmation. The next item tells of a Government House party that once visited a Lunacy Asylum on a recreation night, when the unfortunate inmates were allowed to dance with the visitors, and enjoy themselves any way they pleased. Three or Jour of the gubernatorial gents were sitting in a quiet spot watching the fun, when au \\. ~ ? ? E ? i i --- J' ? . ? . — - «old man, with, a wild look in his eyes and straws in Ms hair, and a well-thumbed pack of Gards in his hands, approached, and cautiously whispered: — ' Like to have a little game of euchre, hey?' ' No, thanks,' said a stiff, starchy young aide-de-camp ? 'we nevah play cards.' 'Ah, that's a pity,' Re plied the ancient gaffer, as he prepared to move away. ' A very great pity. Yqu see, sir, the only chance a fellow has of picking up a bob or two here is when he gets a fe w * mugs' like yerselves inside the gates !' 