the settlement of political condition's. A motion lias just been placed on the busi ness paper of Parliament by Mr. M'Gowen which, although ineffective for any practical purpose as it stands, embodies a suggestion that ought not to be lightly put aside. It declares two things— first, that "the com- mercial and financial unrest consequent- up on the uncertainty of the tenure of any fiscal policy calls for the immediate taking of a plebiscite vote on the advisability of the present policy remaining unaltered for a pe riod of five years;" and, secondly, "that in the event of a majority declaring against the present policy, and in favor of a protec tive tariff, immediate action be taken to give effect to that decision." Tbe latter jiart may be at once eliminated from the question as mere surplusage. No resolution of tbe kind can bind Parliament to carry out the mandate of the people any more closely than it is already bound. The present fiscal policy is the outcome of as distinct an ex pression of public opinion as a plebiscite could bring forth, consequently there is no need just now for any further appeal on the question. And when the country changes its mind, if ever it does, so as to re quire a reversal of that decision, the means which wore available for establishing free- trade will he equally effective for abolishing it nnd setting up protection in its place. Unless the leader of the labor party is spe cially desirous of raising the ghost of the fiseal question at the present juncture, there fore, a very little reflection should convince him that this part of his motion is null and void. It might serve that purpose, whether carried or not, but in other respects it would amount to nothing. While tbe immediate occasion for remit ting the fiscal question to the country lias passed, however, the matter of making some provision for the reasonable permanency of political decisions upon subjects of this na ture is one calling for vei'y serious conside ration. And chief amongst these is the question of the tariff. Nothing has done more to check the progress of this colony during recent years than "the commercial and financial unrest consequent upon the uncertainty of the tenure of any fiscal po licy," as referred to in the wording of Mr. APGowen's motion. YVhen the Dibbs duties were put oil tbe distrust iu tlieir perma nency was such that while the industries which they militated agaist had to hear the full brunt of a hostile tariff, those that they favored received little or 110 benefit through the disinclination of capitalists to invest money on the dubious strength of fiscal assistance which might at any moment be withdrawn. The result proved the sound ness of that judgment, for when the people got tlieir political hands free their first act was to tear away tiie tariff, and compel every business to depend upon its own me rits instead of upon subsidies from the tax payer. Naturally, in the process of re-ad- justmont consequent upon this reform, cases of individual hardship occurred, just as in the retrenchment of the civil service. Pro tected wage-earners, whose "pay was coming not out of the product of tlieir labor, but out of a tax levied for the purpose of giving it a false market value, found themselves either reduced or deprived of employment altogether. They are told to blame for tills not the protection which put them in a false position, but the freetrade which set matters right by preventing one industry from living at the expense of another, and those who know no better than to accept that explana tion are expected to join in an attempt to work another fiscal change by taking adroit advantage of the always inevitable draw back of the political wave. There are no vi sible signs of these machinations of defeated vested interest succeeding, but the fact re mains that any sudden change of the wind might make it possible. Aud while such uncertainty prevails, the hands of public en terprise must be to some extent tied. A change in the tariff is, uuder any circum stances, a disturbing influence, by which all kinds of business are directly or indirectly affected. To give protection to one, penal ties must be jnit on another. We saw an instance of this only tho other day when the tanners, who are eagerly in fayor of a tax on leather, immediately rose up in protest against the proposal to keep out tick-infes ted Queensland hides, although another sec tion of protectionists strongly supported tlieir exclusion on the ground that it would assist the local stock raiser. While there is uncertainty about the permanence of the fiseal policy, therefore, whether it be free- trade or protection, it' is impossible for any industry to tell when or how it may bo hit. I-Ience large enterprises at the mercy of ta riff changes will always be entered into with cnution. It requires no argument to prove the injurious effects that such a state of things must have upon any country's progress, and if there is a means of mitigat ing those effects, it is to everybody's interest that it be adopted. While freetraders and protectionists may still differ as to the merits of their respective policies, there can hardly be two opinions on tbe ndvisabloness of |/iwi lUlH iUl ol/IUC pCL illUllLxlL oL LLzLlULIXL U1 the tariff question one way or tlio other. This question, however, like all questions involving the organic political affairs of a community, is not to be dealt with rashly. How far it is possible to make cast-iron rules of policy for a free people is, to begin with, not easy to determine. At the same time, there are limitations on tho elasticity of the popular will, without which govern ment of any sort would be Impossible. When the people elect a Parliament they bind themselves to abide by its policy for a pe riod of- three years, no matter how public opinion may in the meantime alter. Again, wo find Parliament, as iii the case of the railway administration and tho control of the civil service, binding itself to certain policies for specified periods. It only re quires the introduction of a law based on the same principle to bring the. realisa tion of Air. APGowen's proposal for estab lishing fiscal conditions within the region of possibility. Of course, it is not intended that a chance majority in Parliament should he given the power to biud the people to freetrade or protection for any longer term than Parliament lasted. That would, apart from the injustice of it, only lead to confu sion worse confounded. But there is no thing inconsistent witli free government for the people themselves under the referendum to decide how long a deliberately chosen po licy should remain In force. Certainly, one generation has no rigiit, nor could it have auy power, to biud another in this respect, but it lias both the right aud the power to hind itself to a limited term of years. And no more is either necessary or desirable. If it was decided by plebiscite that a fiscal policy should remain in force for a certain period, the main party line whlcli keeps Par liament divided aud moro or less paralysed would, during that time, disappear, and general legislation have a chance to proceed. It is the ouly real way in which the fiscal issue can ever be sunk, and that rcigii of political peace ushered iu under which the hest industrial energies of the country will have freedom to operate. It would require a fundamental ehauge in the Constitution Act, and although Air. M'Gowen's motion cannot effect that, its discussion should tend to direct the mlud of Parliament into a train of thought from which there might eventually be a practical outcome. 