THE SPOTTER'S WARNING. BT T.URANA W. SHBtDON. A queer, white face, ghastly as death, glared in at the window of Carl Manning's shanty. Carl looked up from his Wok instinctively. He had heard no sound, but he felt- the pres- ence and just then the moon broke clear from behind a cloud and he saw the ghastly face dis tinctly. 4- My God ! How horrible !" he cried invol untarily, and then, as the face disappeared as suddenly as it came, he caught his hat from i the peg by the door and rushed out after, it. | Carl had been at Little_Golch only a short ; time, but even a trifling ssay was long enough | to learn the story of that ghastly apparition. A | miner's daughter had been cruelly murdered here in the Gulch years ago, and on every gusty, moonlight night her face was seen at some shanty window, and here Carl paused in his hur ried race, for he remembered the end of the tra dition. " - ' 44 To see that face means death or trouble," he whispered in the darkness, and then he grasped his stout stick tighter. 44 There's al ways trouble in this world," he muttered philo sophically, 4 and if it wasn't for Kitty I should say that death was welcome." He caught bis hat just as an eddying gust raised it deftly from his head, and tben seeing how foolish was his search in this shadowy dark ness, turned slowly from the task he had under taken and went back to his book in the little shanty. It was a copy of Poe that he was reading, and as he picked it up again he was amazed to find that the. page where he had stopped so sud denly had been completely torn across the middle. He stared at it vacantly at first, but there it was, the beautiful rhythm of 44 Annabel Lee," torn iu a jagged line, as if by hasty fingers, and search where he would in the humble cabin the other half of the page wis nowhere to be found, Carl sat ilowu with his back t < the window and began to ferret the matter out. 44 It was bad enough for her to scare me half out of my senses," he soliloquized, 44 but to come in while 1 was searching the place over for her and tear my book is a little too mean for anything." He looked at the injured volume ruefully and shook his "head. 44 Not another to be found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," he muttered, bitterly, 44-aud to think that 4 Annabel Lee,' the prettiest poem in the whole copy should be the one she chose to damage 1" And then he began thinking over the story of the murdered maiden. She had been foully kil'ed by a jealous lover, they said, aod now no man at the little Gulch but dreaded her acts of ghostly vengeance. It was a romantic story m its way and the more he thought of it the more it came to him that 4 Annabel Lee' was not so inappropriate after all, and might bring some comfort to this flitting spirit. Fur Carl was sure it whs none other than the ghostly visitor at his window who'bad entered his cabin in his absence, and now, yes, there was another presence at the casing, but for a moment he found it absolutely impossible for him to turn around and face it. But it was not necessary for him to look this time, for his visitors were each and all most tangible and moreover they were eager to make known their presence. Carl sprang to his feet in amazement when a half dozen rough-clad miners slouched through the door and stood in a threatening group before him. He knew instantly why they bad come, and then, curiously enough, the warning of the dead girl's face flashed suddenly upon him. 44 Too bad she couldn't have peeped in at me sooner," he muttered beneath his breath, 44 for then at least I could have bad my weapon and been ready for this gang of ruffians." ,44 You be a little surprised tew see we 'uns," the foremost of his visitors said coarsely, as he noticed Carl's evident agitation. 44 You thought you'd kivered your tracks, you dog, an' that we wuz all so stoopi.il in the Gulch 'at we wouldn't find out you wuz a spotter." Carl recovered himself instantly, and leaning back, now perfectly composed, placed his elbow ou the rude pine mautel. 44 You are six to one, Mr. Johnson," he said, coldly. 44 If you are not afraid of me, send your men outside and we will have a word in private." The moment his words escaped bis lips he was surprised at the consternation that he saw before him. In an instant it occurred to him that they, too. had seen the apparition, and were thoroughly frightened of the darkness. 44 There's no use ta kin' to us to- night," the man Johnson said, with a preemptible shudder, 44 for we've seen the Spirit of the Gulch, an one an' all we've had ou ivarnin'." Then as if the courage of his crowd rested alone on prompt activity he drew a long black rope from his -pocket and looped it over a con venient rafter. Carl Manning braced himself and looked the man squarely in the eye as he finished bis ominous contrivance. 44 Call me what you will," he said quietly. 4 1 came out heie in the interests of the mine to learn exactly what you were doibg. If you were honest you would notfeur me.butasyouare only a pack of tbeives and murderers you tremble at my presence here and have brought your ga'Ug of six to one to shoo , mc down or hang me." 'I hen he folded his arms and raised his head . and his voice rang out d- termmedly — 44 Do your worst, you pack of ravening wolves 1 1 ay your plaits to destroy my work — plot your brave schemes to take my life — pre pare the noose, the rope, the knife; have every thing leady to add one more murder to your list, and then — then lay your bands upon me — if you dare!" And his eyes glaied at them savagely with the fuiy of an angry tiger. Hardly had his voice ceased 'to echo through the shanty when one of the ruffians sprang for ward with a shout, and snatched his pistol from the table. 44 He is unarmed ! Take him by force 1 " he shouted, viciously, and the who'e gang surged forward together as if to tear his limbs asunder. 44 Stand back 1 ' Carl's voice rang out boldly, then quick as lightuling his arm shot forth and a blow felled the nearest brute to the floor. Theu, just as he recovered himself for a second attack, his eyes wi re drawn irresistibly toward the window, where once more the ghastly face of the girl peered in upou the scene before her. 44 Look there ! " Carl whispered tragically, as he pointed toward the window. 44 There is the ghost of your murdered girl ! How dare you think to slay another ? " As if expecting and dreadiDg this very apparition, the men turned, almost with one accord, and glanced in fear at the narrow window. There was a shriek from one, a curse from another, and, seeing h's chance in that moment of horrur, Carl sprang forward and wrenched his pistol from the lender's band, and for a second the whole place bellowed with the rapid emptying of its chambers. Springing over that jumble of writhing forms, Carl hurriedly collected his papers, and then remembering, even in his danger, the volume of poems, he snatched the book from the table, and shrust it into his pocket. Then he picked his way carefully across the rocks, a few stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by running always in the shadow was soon far away from the little shanty. 14 There is a train at eleven," he whispered to himself, 44 that will soon take me east of the Mississippi," and then he stopped running, almost too suddenly, as another vision came su-iftiy upou him.4, 4 Kitty," he called tenderly ; 44 Kitty, dar ling, is it you, or am I still in the land of spirits ? " Without a sound the young girl hurried toward him and threw herself into his out- slretche I arms. 44 Take 'me with you," she said frantically. 44 Take me with you or they will kill me too," and Carl, almost without a thought of wnab he was doing, half led, half carried her to the siat'on. A year later in their Eastern bouse Carl Manning and his wife sat down for their after dinner chattii g. 44 So old J om Johnson was not your father after all," Carl said over and over, as though The repetition of the words were something more than ordinarily pleasant. Then he took her on his Icuee and his face assumed a thoughtful express! i n. 41 Well, I am glad I did not kill him anyway," he said softly. 14 although the owner of the mine says I might just as welMiave done so for I crippled every man of them that evening." Then he smiled more tenderly into her eyes as he added in a 1 gliter tone; 44 but what I am- sorry for, ' little one, is that I did not'wait to solve the ' mysti ry of that woman's face, for as I live, it was she that saved me 1" | Without a word Kitty slid down from bis knee and bigan ransacking in her box of treasures, j 44 Will this help you to lay her gh' st ?" she s; id, merrily, and tlirn she unfolded befoie his astonished eyes the half of his poem, 44 Annabel Lee," and fried to smooth out the jagged edges, . 