IttovcUst. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The Verdict Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND CHAPTER I. A WAKEFUL NIGHT. By Harold 31. Mackenzie, Author of "The Squatter's Daughter.' The sun had sunk to rest hours ago, lending peace and calmness to the scene. Although the hands of the clock on the mantel-shelf pointed to tho small hours, little or 110 sleep as yet had come to the eyes of Sybil Prescott. Tho room was furnished in that light and niry stylo so often seen in tropical climates. On tho floor, which once had boasted of varnish but now dulled by long usage and fierce noon-day BUIIS, were scattered ruga of 'opossum and wallaby. In tho centre of the apartment stood a large bed, so situated as to catch every particle of breeze which on this calm and sultry night wns wafted through the foom in scarce sufficient force to have extinguished a lucifer. Under tho canopy of a mosquito curtain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors, buzzed and pinged as murderous a set of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now and then a violent dart at a more than usually audacious member of the tribe, which invariably ended in missing tho fair one (for we are told that it is only tho female that bites) she would soar merrily upwards, serenading a3 she Hew to prepare for a fresh onset. Mosquitoes are bad enough at all times, but when to this is added a mind o'erwrought with thoughts distracting— try to banish them as ono may— surely the cup of woe is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, when for the hundredth time he tossed and turned on his weary pillows with the ever ominous hum of mosquitoes ringing in his ears. " Confound the thing ! I can stand it no longer !" he exclaimed, dashing the curtains aside and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit the consoling roll of rice paper and tobacco, he thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to the verandah. Here comfortably ensconced in a long cane- lounge he seemed more at ease as he watched the blue rings of smoke curling upwards in the air. The stars were out in great clusters of diamonds ; shining with that intense brilliancy and purity which alone can bo viewed in hot latitudes. Never had the pufiiug of the fragrant weed seomed to bring such consolation to Sybil. His mind was sore troubled and needed something whereby relief, if only temporary, might be afforded, and this he was seeking from the goddess Nicotine. And has she not done much to soothe tlie aching brain of man ? Have we not heard of cases where brave men, though death were nigh, and each moment might prove the last, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth ? Whilst Sybil is contemplating the Jicavens it will bo a favorable opportunity to inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northern Australia. That he was not an Australian by birth would have almost convincod an observer at first glance. His looks, manner and everything elso connected with him had an unmistakable English appearance, and surrounded as he was on the plantation with a varied assortment of humanity, including South Sea Island savages, Malays, and the roughest species of the Queensland back-woodsman, who differs but little from tho rest, except that his akin may be a few degrees less swarthy, made him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Sybil had been reared at one of the good oicl English public schools, and not a great many years from the time of the reader's introduction he was distinguishing himself more, perhaps, in the criekot and football fields th<\- m in tho pursuit of Greek Iambics or Latin Prose. The result, whatever else it might have been had he shone in the lattor respect, was that most desirable of all qualities, a gourd mind in a sound b;>dy. To educate the miiul at the expense of the •ftSAClei >• bad at all timoa, but to «> pond a sufficiency ot force on both in order to attain a mens nana in cor pore sano is what every right thinking person should desire. The muscular training which Sybil had undergone in his youth had given to his body that flexibility and energetic movement enabling him to undergo long days of fatigue under l*>t Buns which to a less , hardened physiqifiirmight have told sorely upon him. Having quitted school, he passed two or throo years under tho guidance of several 4 4 army-crammers," who failed to drive tho required subjects into his head in order to qualify him for commission in tho service. Whether it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than the goneral run of young men's, or that the cra'mning system was not administered in proper form, is a problem still requiring solution. Tho sporting parson with whom he had last taken up his residence was chiefly remarkable for a knowledge of horseflesh more than any other subject. Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on the pointa of a now equine purchase to tho exclusion of all such tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sides of a triangle aire together greater than the third. And so the tune passed pleasantly enough in the quaint old Sussex village, which in tho small hours of tho morning would often ring with tho shouts of the obstreperous young bloods, awaking from their slumbers the hoary-headed parishoners who brought down on the worthy rector's head anything but blessings. When Sybil had appeared for the fourth time at Burlington House before that array of grim-visaged examiners which havo made, many a daring young soldier quake in his shoes at tho thoughts of being " plucked," ho knew within hio own mind that the papers sent in were not up to tho mark. He was right in his conjectures, and once more was hopelessly spun. "It's no use, sir," were the words to his father after this, his final attempt; " I'll have to chuck it up and go out to Australia." This sudden determination in order, as it wero, to seek some consolation for having failed to become a defender of his country met with but scant, approval from Colonel I'rescott. He was indig- nant and displeased to think that his only son could not havo followed in the footsteps which ho himself had won so much favor in. "Go to Australia, if you've sot your heart upon doing so," ho had said ; " but, remember, this is tho last thing I could have wished. I had hoped that before my death to havo seen you winning honor in something moro noble than perhaps driving a team of bullocks. However, whon a man has been given a recoptacle for brains it can only bo regretted that the necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott was brusqve in manner, and at times when his reason w.-is governed by passion a very dangerous person to encounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with things in goneral, chiefly on account of his son's failure for the army, he had bidden Sybil farewell on his journey to Queensland. With this brief outline of Sybil's former life, once moro we return to the verandah from which he looked on the silvery night. Tho scene was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it seemed that daylight had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. Tho house looked down upon tho long sloping banks of garden which reached to the water's edge, whore flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beams the sluggish river. Tho houso itself was of that delightfully rambling character peculiar to houses wherein tho owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable t«> external show, had illustrated his good sense. The rooms it contained were all spacious and airy, which opened out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running the whole length of the house. Bath- rooms, perhaps the most necessary of nil, wero made quite a study of in this edifice with thoir showers, plunges, and cool lounges for reclining in after the ablutions. Close bssido and convenient for supplying tho inmates with an abundancy of water ran a clear mountain stream, which even in the hottest weather felc cool and refreshing :o tho body. Who that has ever passed weary days where the skin seems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce sun means? It is tho very elixir, the restoration of all relaxed energy once more to its normal sphere. To say that one's breakfast in the land where sugar grows would not readily be forgone in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south, which was the best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang up after sun down ; and then with what sweet-smelling aromatic perfumes would tho air be laden, exhaled from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. Then, ghost-like in their mournful ruBtling noise, with white feathery tops shooting upwards straight as arrows against the deep blue sky, would wave and bend with every sigh of the wind the bamboo canes which lined the river bank. On tho opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trackless jungle as yet undisturbed by the hand of man, the eye could roam at will over foilage from the darkest olive green to the clearest emerald—changing, too, with as many varying tints as the small lizards which were there in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards the camp fire of the untutored Queensland savage who, crouching liko some demon from tho nether world with shrunken limbs and unkempt locks made the only sorry spectacle in an otherwise perfect landscape. In strange contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was the appearance of the Rappoe Plantation, where unceasing toil by busy hands from early morn till the sun had set was carried on. The well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops denoting that it was ready and over-ripe for crushing. The unceasing whirr of machinery in the giant mill as it ground and crushed through tho sunny day the long luscious canes into a pulpy mass, extracting all the thick creamy juico which ran in Bluggieh streams from the rollers. The dusky South Sea savages, with grinning faces, knee-deep in the immense tanks shovelling out the thick molasses. All this spoke of enterprise and activity on tho part of the owners, who lived in far-away Melbourne. Sybil had chosen to make his home hero with a view some day of managing tho estate which ho now held an interest in. He was young, not more than twenty-five years of age. His personal appearance WJIS taking, though in tho •trict sense of the term he wag not hand- some. His good-natured smile, which was ever ready to part his lips, and clear, dark colored eyes established confidence in him at once, consequently with but few exceptions he was a great favorite on the plantation. " He's got the whip hand of ra<), ha3 ho ?" ho muttered to himself, as rising from the lounge he tossed away the fourth cigaretto end and paoed the verandah as one troubled. 1 le was repeating to himself some words of Maurice Liscoinbo's, manager of Rappoe, spoken to him that day. That anybody should have dared to try and exerciso a power of this kind, nay, more, a throat held out to him, in order that he should appear oraven in the eyes of others, was more than he could stand. He feared no one, and, least of all, his conscience, which was clear and free from tho awful charge which he knew Liscombe intended bringing against him should he not at once hush it up with largo sumo of money. ^ Let him do his worst; I am prepared, inhere must be an end sooner or later to this." He was standing at the farther end of the verandah speaking to himself and BO absorbed with his own thoughts that the footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, aa if by instinct, he turned quietly on his heel and confronted Maurice Liscombe. For a sccond neither spoke, but stood gazing at each other, with the pale moonbeams playing on their countenances. At length, Maurice Liscombe, a man short of stature, with a coarse-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, broke the silence. ^"So, Mr. Prescott, you choose three o'clock in the morning for taking exercise besides awakening people from their sleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had he given his tongue rein something more than a mere bandying of words might have resulted. Turning his hack on tho manager, ho calmly puffed away at his cigarette. " nfi 1" exclaimed Liscombe, "so you still intend to ignore me ? So be it. Remember the conditions upon which I have based iny proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know tho consequences. A month from thia date, and unless they are agreed to, you shall be known to the world as the mur- derer of Grerald Dugdale." For an instant the desire to strike this man, as he would a dog, came over hiin, but (is suddenly restrained himself and gazing fearlessly on Liscombe uttered in words both calm and clear : "That God should havo deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat, which you holdout to mo, thinking that by so doing you can extort money° does not frighten me. I say, do your worst. Now I have finished. Words with you are useless." Before the manager had time to make roplv Sybil had vanished, leaving him to his own reflections. In another hour or two tho groat hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill-tongued birds of brilliant colors", the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats to bask in its genial rays, and all the thousand noises which are ever present in this steamy sugar land. The month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing December, which, indeed, is a veritable vaporbath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awakening the hands from their slumbers to begin another day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun, the like of which i3 scarcely realizable by those who have not stood for hours under its scorching rays within the dense canebrake whither no breeze to refresh the body finds its way. For hours toil the coolies, ridding tho ground of noxious weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. Then afar off are seen the patient plough horses tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the late rains, in order to prepare the ground for next year's crop. Slowly and with measured tread, groaning and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firewood to feed the ever-ready jaws of tho huge furnaces, whilst the stalwart driver walks slowly beside them with many a curse on their heads and many a cut from his double-thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on without cessation until the crop is off. No sooner are the day toilers released than a gang for night work succeeds them. The huge rollers are silent for a time and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with the saccharine matter which is to be converted into sugar. It is all life and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle together. The shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge of the machinery ; the heathen Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling the jungle ; the treach erous Malay, wiio skulks and would like to run a knife through anyone who offends his dignity were it not that the laws of Queensland are not those of his own peninsula and he fears the consequences. Then come all the overseers, rouse-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bags of sugar that will eventually find their way to the Melbourne and Sydney markets, others carting " megass" to the mill furnaces which has been drying under the sun for days past. Dusky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright garments purchased at a neighboring store, loading drays with fuel. For the women of the South Seas know hard work equally with the men weeding and stripping the cane, laughing with the bright sunshine playing on their pearly teeth, which might cause a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairer hue, and over all the brilliant sunrays gleaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purple-hued mountains which frown like mighty fortresses that have been scorched and wind-swept for centuries past. CHAPTER II. MAURICE LISG'OMBE'S DELIRIUM. The words which had been uttered the previous evening by Maurice Liscombe still rang in Sybil's ears throughout the whole of the next live-long day, as though a hot iron had been seared across his brain. Usually joyous when employed in liia day's work, singing and light-hearted as the veriest school-boy released from his studies, he was on the morning after thia night of mental torture sad and absent in manner. The day was an unusually busy one. The truck loads ot cano stacked high in tiir came pounug it. to feed the rollers, which ground 4W&-? with a eraokling noise, slowly bnt rarely extracting every particle of juice from the long, sweet sticks. The line of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, pulled up, each in torn, to receive a load of " megass," thence to be carted away and spread out in the sun, where, as children in other countries might play in the haylields, io would tho little black savages— the offspring of Kanaka women—delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's faces. In tho far distance glimmered and ehone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could be traced tumbling water-falls,sparkling and dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous sunrays. The scene was all eolor, life and movement. Sybil of an evening would delight to join in.a friendly game of cards with the overseers, where his cheery manner and good- natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After the day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng which rvas awaiting his coming at the barracks. He merely stopped as he rode homewards for a ihort half hour to tell them that he would not put iii an appearance that evening. " Why, what's up,old boy, with you?" queried Fred Roycroft, a bright, goodlooking young fellow, employed on the place as storekeeper. " Yes," added Alex Sugden, "youlook as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny." " She's thrown him over," said Arthur Richards in a playful tone. At any ether time Sybil would have had quick repartee at his command to parry these thrusts with, but this evening ho was distrait, and found but little to amuse him. The society of his fellow-creatures for once proved irksome. Have we not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over the sunshine of our path, would we not wish to be away, far away and alone to think it over and try if possible of linding some way out of our trouble ? " Well, hire we are, boys," said Roycroft, placing glasses on the table with a whisky bottle beside them. "Let us chase away dull care and make our old friend smile again. Never shall I forget him shouting to me the evening that alligator was behind me in the river. If ever a man swam for his life I did on that occasion." "By George, yes!" Baid Sugden, "you had a narrow squeak that time, and can thank Prescott for being alive now." Sybil, who was leaning over the table flicking the dust from his boots, poopoohed the idea as was his wont when any special act of his doing was brought forward. " Nonsense, boys," he answered; "it was all due to Koycroft's swimming. Certainly, I drew his attention to the alligator, and can truly say he cut to land like a torpedo boat." " Gi'e me some whisky, and hang the cursed crocodiles," bawled Richards, holding his glass at arm's length, " I'll take good care they don't get me for a meal." Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder as the gleasses were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : " Who the devil can this be galloping for his life ?" at the same time looking in tho direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunset. " Well, Jim, what's wrong with you 1" shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his mare up in front of the house a few seconds later. "Matter? Nothing much with me. The boss though'a come to grief. On the road home he got slang off, and sprained an ankle. He's as tight as they make 'em. He told me to ride like blazes for a bandage, and I'm here accordingly." The quartette listened in silence to Singleton's account of the accident, though it could hardly be said that any one of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maurice Liscombe. "Curse him!" was all Richards muttered whilst pacing the verandah. " Now look sharp with the bandages 1" said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to the store. Soon all the necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Singleton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the barracks. As they rode along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get an opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of. On entering the house they found the manager of Rappoe stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into Bpace, and now and then ai. effort to articulate something which was perfectly unintelligible to them. " A knife at once," said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in the doctoring liae cropped up. " I must cut that boot off, first thing." So, suiting the action to the word, he ripped the seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, was soon wrapped in heavy sleep. To give Roycroft his dne, although far from having any great knowledge or skill as a surgeon, he was what might hav9 been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare and put on a poultice with all the skill of a professional nurse, and, on more than one occasion had been known to extract teeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted he was not prepared to say. " Seems a nasty wrench, and likely to lay him up for a time," said Roycroft, as he bathed the ankle with ammonia and water. The two were standing on either side of the manager, who lay as one inanimate, save for the labored breathing and convulsive twitching of his lips, caused by heavy drinking. " That beast can never go to the township without coming back tight. Some night he'll get his neck broke, and it won't be much loss either. I know one man on the place as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up." These remarks were uttered by Singleton, who was expressive in his phraseology, if not having due regard for Queen's English. "Who's that?" queried Roycroft, winding yards upon yards of Boft linen round the swollen ankle. "Now, then, can't yon guess, instead of trying to play the goat ? You know jolly well the man I mean." Roycroft often assumed this kind ot feigned ignorance on certain subjects, being what one might hare termed rather a safe customer, as regards not saying too I much. " Well, if you want to know, Prescott's the man I'm referring to. Lord ! to hear him cursing the boss this morning was enough to havo frightened the devil himself. There must ha' been some jollv row on last night, for I nover in all my born days- " Before Singleton had finished, Maurice Liscombe opened his eyes, though what was taking place he seemed scarcely to be aware of. His eyes rolled wildy from one to the other. His arms were thrown over his head, clutching at the cushions upon which he lay. For a moment all was silent. In another instant a low, chuckling demoniacial laugh fyroke from Liscombe himself: " Escape me, can he ? Never !" The tone of his voice was unnatural and unlike that ever heard before by those watching beside him. It was clearly discernible that he was wandering in his mind from the disjointed nature of his remarks : 4 4 As true as my name's Liscombo— saw whole affair plain as—call it murder of course I do—that fellow Prescott—moon shining full—sea calm—I'll have money Having relieved himself of so much, he shut his eyes once more and Blumbered. " What on earth is the old fool driving 4 at ?" exclaimed Singleton. Prescott mixed up with full moous and murder. It strikes me the moon's had a go at him by his talk. Perhaps Prescott'll be able to tell us all about it." 4 4 Take my advice," said Roycroft, 4 4 and keep what you've heard to yourself. It might cause trouble." "Perhaps your right," said Singleton, 4 4 though I've always heard say that when a man's suffering from delirium its not right to attach too much importance to what he says. Now taking my own case, for example, when I was laid up with rheumatic fever, I took all sorts of odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. It strikes me, however, in this casa that there's something amiss between the boss and Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some time back not hitting it off quite proper." " Yes," said Roycroft, 41 that has been pretty evident to all cf us, and no wonder either. A better chap never trod this earth than Prescott. I've never known him guilty of a mean action yet. A gentleman in every sense of the te)m, which is more than can be said of him," pointing to the manager. " Why, tho way Prescott is spoken to sometimes, it's a wonder to me that he hasn't broken every bone in his body before this." 4 1 Good Lord 1 do you think for a moment that Prescott would take such a mean advantage aa to strike this flabby thing here," said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on the sleeping form. "No, he's not built that way. Give lain a man of his own size and weight, and then there would be something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver." The evening was now wearing on. Without all was still and peaceful, save for the the cry of birds which piped merrily all through the night, as some are wont to do in this hot land. Or again might be heard the piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading the bright moon in some deep recess of the thick jungle, a whine so piteous and uncanny as to make those who hear it for the first time imagine it from the regions where torments may exist. What nights are these of the tropics, where the deep vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright worlds ? Do they not speak to us of something that we may hope for in that unveiled future whither all, we believe, are trending ; something of peace, something of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which is the general lot of mankind on earth ? Yes, such are the dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of these lands where Great Sol in running his daily course beats down upon the earth so fiercely. Beside such nights ae these, what comparison can be drawn with those of temperate latitudes where the stars shine but feebly, where fogs drift up from cold morasses, and where the sun looks sick so often through banks of dull-hued clouds 1 One is all life, color and gaiety ; the other sombre, dull and sad. The birds in their rich plumage darting across the jungle path, the lizards timidly gazing from their bower of fern and rich, moist grasses, the troops of dazzling butterflies, the emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the undergrowth, all seem to be endowed with greater vitality in lands where spices grow, and, alas! where Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this abundance of Nature's greatest gifts, when but to be able to be proof against malarial fever, would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of death. The ride, perhaps when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed through stagnant water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, men who have travelled manv weary leagues in the saddle without food for days would gladly experience them all again rather than fight the common enemy of the tropics, which racks them both in mind and body as nothing else can. Lying for weeks together, with every bone, as it were, being hammered by mallets, by sprays of ice-cold water coursing down the spine, as soon to be followed by Bcorching irons, as it were, tearing the flesh asunder, are some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whose rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With his fine physique and welltrained muscles he could defy almost anything in the shape of bodily ailments, and would laugh when anyone complained of headaches, so much the rule with all about him. 1 4 Well," said Singleton, breaking a 1 somewhat prolonged silence, 4 do you think you'll want me any longer, 'cos, if you don't, I think I'll be getting back to the missis." Singleton was a married man, and always spoke of his better half as the missis. A kinder husband never breathed than this somewhat rough-and-ready stockman, who took a pride in seeing everything around his small home as neat and natty as hands could make it. Its well-kept garden, in which he would work after the day had finished. The snug little parlor, with its suite of fresh, bright-colored chintz and favorite books and photographs. Its tall and cool- looking ferns, shading the verandah, the pride and joy of his wife. These all told of kind and loving hands which, in others, might h&Y9; been loft to languish and decay. •Only ono thing more, Singleton," said Roycroft. " When you're pausing the barracks, see if Prescott is there, and if GO, tell him to come as soon as he can. I want to arrange about tho boss. lie must have eome one by him all night. In one of his moments of frenzy lie mi»ht bi icome troublesomo." "Right, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle as if she saw a thousand ghosts, so-I'll bo off at onco. Good-night 1 ana keep the old beggar quiet." In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle and was cantering through the moonlight with many a leap from the young mare, who seemed to have an idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous water-jnmps. Itoycroft and the manager were alone. The room they were in was long and airyi and, as the sea-breeze came in gentle gusts, it made music in the glass chandelier above. Ii the garden, flying-foxes amidst the cocoa nut and bananna trees played hide-and-seek; the crickets chirped and bats flew in and out, attracted bv the J light. All creatures of night-time were holding high festival. Presently a dee 2 ; groan came from Maurice Liscombe, which startled Roycroft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigarette in an arm-chair. In another instant he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to take no heed of Roycroft's presence. His eyes had a fixed bleary look, and wore an expressed of pain as he drew from bis pocket a sealed letter and as quickly thrust it back again, fearing lest any one should see it. That ho was suffering from delirium was evident. " Poor Dugdale ! Poor Dugdalo !" he kept repeating to himself. "Never mind ; you'll be avenged for it. Prescott 11 have a hard case to prove, a hard case to prove—d n him !" Roycroft listened with eome interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. In the distance came the noise of clattering hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards Soon the young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When he entered tne room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking his seat close to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices. " Is he wandering ? Has he been saying anything ?'' queried Sybil, who was apparently anxicus to know something about the patient. 4 4 Yes, he is saying a lot more than he ought to." "Anything about met Is he unconscious ?" 4 1 Very much so, and for that reason I attach no importance to his words." 4 1 But what has he been saying?" Sybil inquired, anxiously. 4 Better not be too curious; it mightn't please you." 4 4 Come, now, Roycroft ; there can be nothing between us. Take me into your confidence ; I promise you it'll go no further." 4 4 For your own sake, I trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these words Sybil rose to his feet, fearing what he guessed when he had heard that Liscombe was delirious. Advancing slowly towards Roycroft he took him gently by the Bhoulder, gating fearlessly into his eyes. 4 4 Does he—does he "—here he faltered a little—"mention the name of Dugdale, accusing me of—of—" He sank into a chair, the words refusing to come. Roycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. CHAPTER III. SYBIL'S NARRATIVE. Seasons come and go in sugar lands without that remarkable change in character which distinguishes those of more temperate climes. The sun is always shining; the trees, the shrubs, and the flowers are for ever fresh to the eye ; winter, so called, may be a little less severe than autumn ; summer may become intensified as spring departs, but days are hot always. The dancing rays of sunshine blind the eyes at noon-day even in the month of June, and when night closes in chill mists, at times arise hanging like, a white pall above the arrowing cane-tops. The Malay crouches around his hot embers, his for-m so lithe *nd active under vertical sunrays, when Europeans gasp for breath, now shrinks and shrivells before the cool night air. It was the winter season at Rappoe. The season when all day long in the cane-fields the toilers were busiest. Clink, clink, went the cane-knives, sharp as razors and flashing in the sunshine, from a score of dusky savages. Women and children, too, were gathering up the bamboos as they fall and piling them on the trucks for the mill. No one was idle. But what a change is the season of heavy rains, when for days together no work can be pioceeded with, when the great mill has ceased pounding on, and birds and flying-foxes wheel about the building, unscared by the roar of steam. Then course down in all their fury the racing mountain torrents to join the broad, fast-flowing river, which carries on its surface mighty tree trunks, torn from their roots, to be borne seawards. No craft could stem that current, rushing madly on to join the wide, blue ocean. Man perforce must succumb to the inevitable. He watches, and not without anxiety, the rise of the storm waters as slowly, but surely, each day they make headway, fearing lest that in one overwhelming avalanche they may burst their bounds and carry all before them. In June a man might wade the river, were it not for the gruesome thought that under that calm, unruffled surface a hideous crocodile may be lurking. Sleeping, sleeping always, until it scents its prize, then with a dart magical in its speed, the prey is seized and dragged by a triple-row of teeth to be ground in piece-meal. 4 4 If you've nothing to do this evening, we'll ride to Thornton and have a game of billiards," said Sybil to Roycroft. 4 1 Is Singleton about 1 I want bim to come, too." Sybil was riding, and had pulfcd up in front of the mill-house, where a gang of Chinese, Malays and Kanakas wero busy feeding the rollers with cane. " My reason for wanting you to come I daresay you can easily guess. You have heard quite sufficient last night to set you wondering, I've no doubt. Singleton has also heard part, and for this reason I want you both to ride to Thornton with me. There we can have a quiet chat at tlfe 4 pub' over the matter, which 1 don't care fibout doing here,"—(To be continued,) 