A Strange Seance, | It was a peculiar affair from tho very com mencsment. It waB weird — even ^ frotn the circumstances that led mo to participate in it. It occurred under tho very nose of tho public, and tho public oyo was blind to it. I was in a certain suburban park, I slian t tell you which it was — put on your puzzling cap, I had cast aside my worries, and naa determined to enjoy an hour of tho modern pastoral. It was ono evening in the year's sweet bridal month, wlieu spring weds summer, whon the May bloom decks tho glade, and just about tho timo tho sun takes his evening din, gliding the waters of his bath as bo disappears into their midst. I had wandered into a thickly wooded grove, and I thought myself alouo j so I was rather 1 startled when I heard a human voice close by me cry out 'cuckoo.' On looking up, I per ceived an old gentleman, a very queer-looking old gentleman, perched on tho stump of a withered tree. Ho was swinging his legs about as if ho woro ih a stato of thorough enjoyment, and ho was nodding his quaint old head — nodding it evidently at mo. It was not a position in which one would usually 1 find an old gentleman — not a respectable old gentleman. It was not an occupation in which old gentlemen aro prone to indulge; so I fear, in my surprise, I must have Btarod at him very rudely. ' Oh, I'm horo right enough,' cried ho. Ho had evidently road my thought. ' I'm very much here, lia! ha ! ha!' And his logs wont swinging at a fearful rate. ' I wouldn't look quite so bewildered if I were you,' continued he, in his strange croaking voice. 'People passing might notice it. Oh, you think I should be most likely to attract their attention P That's whore you'ro wrong. I'm hero, most positivoly horo ; but for all that very, very fow pooplo can see mo. You can, becausc you'ro clair voyant. I'm a spirit. Ha I ha !' I questioned myself as to tho possibility of my being aslcop and dreaming; but again divining my thoughts, ho replied, with a chuckle :? ' Oh, you'ro wido awake — cuckoo.' And ho gavo mo a knowing wink. Suddonly ho assumed an alort expression ; and thon, bending forward mysteriously, ho whispered : . ' ' There are somo people coming. I don't wiBli to distress you. I know you'd liko to introduce mo ; but as you can't, I'll dis appear.' _ ? I turnod to see who was approaching. . It was a pair of lovers ; but thoy were too muoh ongrossed in their own affairs to pay any at tention to mo ; so ' I faccd about again. But the queer old man was gone. 'Oh, this is too absurd,' cried I, and I deliberately went up to tho spot whoro ho had boon and minutely oxaminod it. Thoro was nothing but an old splintered and jagged troo stump, with a gnarlod root drapod in liolion and moss. I stoopod to gather' a primrose, whon I felt my hat kicked off my head. Then, raising my eyes, I porcoivod an old boot dangling just on a levol with my nose-. So startlod was I that I must havo fallen back wards, for I discovered that I was floated in a bod of woeds. Oh tho way that old man onjoyod my mis advonturo (for thoro ,ho was on his porch again); tho way lio wrigglod with dolight ; how ho hold his sides with laughter ; rockod himsolf to and fro ; throw his arms up in tho air ; and kicked out his withered old legs. Every moment I expected him to ovor-balanoo him solf and como to serious grief on tho turf ; but no, he soomod as secure as you would have boon on a muBio stool. Finally, ho got up — on notlfing — floated around tho troo, and thon, with a sudden twist, resumed his soat. This little feat soomod to restore his montal equilibrium. Seoing him do this so reminded mo of cortain ontortainmonts I had witnossod, that I couldn't help expressing a thought. ' I'm sorry I haven't a tambourine or a concertina to lend you,' muttorod I. Ho took oil his cap and throw it at mo. It vanished into air ; but I distinctly folt as if I'd boon stniolc by a wot towol. ' Nono of your inuondoos, my friond,' said ho, ' I'm no charlatan. I'm no spirit by maohinory. I'm tho real article. I wIbIi I I had a concertina ; I'd givo you mijsio about your oars you wouldn't caro for. If you're ? not civil I shall just loavo you, and thon you'll loso somotliing,! can tell you. Oopla,' And to my furthor astonishment ho turnod a oomploto somersault, ngahi alighting in his old position and looking as soriouB as . if nothing out of ' tho common had happonod. Thon ho crossed , liis logs, nursod his right' elbow, and strokod his oliin. I ' Havo you ovor attended a soaneo, a real seance P' enquired ho ; and his oyos lookod liko two rod-hot coals that soomod to burn right into mo. ' No, I soe you'vo not. Woll, would you liko to PV Again ho road mv thouglitB boforo I oould reply. ' So you shall.', Thoroupon lie slid down tho troo, and stood boforo mo, ' Follow,' ho oonimandod, ' Oh, havo no foar1, I was a mortal onoo — lilco you, only a groat doal liandsomor— and you'll bo liko mo ono of those days — lial hal ha! — only not bo handsomo. Follow mo'. No ono will soo mo but you, unless wo moot a clairvoyant, ; and lio'll understand, Why do yon hesitate P Oh, I sha'n't tako you off tho earth's piano, Oomo along.' Ho trotted on boforo mo, just as if ho'd boon a human boing. Ho didn't attempt any furthor conversation ; neither did I, Wo woro soon in a froquontod part of tho park ; but nobody notiood him — ovidontly, nobody saw him. Wo pasaod through a busy street. Ho dodgod in and out amongst tho peoplo ;just as you or I would. Novor but onoo did ho do anything out of tho aommon, and that was whon. ho wallcod straight through a post, In my surpriBo, that post and I collided. IIo, porooiving my now ndvonturo, again oxtravagantly rovollod j but Booing I lookod annoyod,hobowod to mo vory politely in contrition, and wo continued our journey, At last wo halted at a not very avistooratio looking houso down a back streot, ' Mangling dono horo' was announcod by a oard pro minently plaacid in a broken pana in tho parlour window, My guide mounted tho door stopH and tried tho door ; but it wna shut fust. Thon, without tlio slightest hesi tation, ho piissod right through it, oponod it from tlio inside, and waited, grinning, in tho hall to roooive mo, ' I don't liko giving tho landlady any oxtra trouble, ' said ho, ' partioularly as who's busy lit prosont with her womon cleaning hor neighbours' linon (fnd soiling tlioir characters, Oh, don't look so astonished i sho won't bo afraid I she's used to my littlo poaullrtt'iiiloH, bless hor, Follow mo up to tho Hoooud floor, f 9 Mind tho stairs ; they aro ricketty ; and the banisters are delusive, so don't trust them. Here wo are — Tooral looral lido,' I couldn t help being struck by tlip fact that tins old gentleman did not in any way bear himself with that gravity, that circumspection— ono would naturally expect from a persoii in liiB sphere. ' Who's here P' ho asked, looking round a room we had entered, ' Oh, only a poor muster to-night. Friends, I salute you, Let mo introduco a scoptic. Sceptic, you have tho honour to behold, not disembodied spirits, but another ordor of bogies — for bogies you will think us, you poor, blind, benighted fleBli-and-blood machine-fettered soul. You behold hero spirits who cling to tho earth'B piano, and materially affect mortality, but who in their mundane oxistonco woro moroly tlio childi'cn of men's brains, as Minerva was tho offspring of Jove. Lot mo introduco you. Tho gentleman in tho chair to- night is simply known as Tho Ghost, Ho is a theatrical gentleman ; possibly outsiders term him Slangy ; but by those inside tho profession ho is vory much vonorated. Ho is a wel come guest in overy playhouse, and is to bo mot with mostly on a Friday evening or Saturday morning. No othor ghost in tho wholo world is so popu lar. His influence is simply uniquo; and when liis wonted timo passes, and ho docs not appear, there is generally heart-burning and unpleasantly. In ordinary trado circlcB, ho takes the material name of Wages. That gentleman to tho right of him is likewise in the mimetic profession. Ho is known as tlio Ghost of a Line. Not to be acquainted -with him is not to bo considered creditable in tho theatrical World. Authors aro understood, to deteot actors who oschow his Bociet y. Yon der spirit emanated from tho mind of a musician — a composor of tho very highest soul ordor ; so muoh so, that nono of his writings woro ovor guilty of molody, except ing ono song, of which tliore is the ghost. That gentleman is tho Ghost of a Tuno. Tho person opposite, that molan cholic individual, is tho Ghost of a Joke. Ho is welcomed wlion discovered in ono of the comic papers. Ho is gonorally attended by tho imbecilc you porcoivo at his olbow. Who is ho P Why, the Ghost of a Laugh, of courso. Tho mercurial personage, so restless, and fidgetty, is tlio Ghost of an Idea. Somotimos ho is very difficult to catch — ovon moro so to retain. Tho party who has just ontorod is hold in contempt both on tho earth's piano and off it. Nobody wants him. Ono can do without him bettor than with him, for he only brings unpleasant momorios — ho is tho Ghost of a Coin.' ,' ' Will you allow someono to speak bosidos youi'solf P' said a gontleman in tho corner. ' In other words, will you please give mo myself?' ' Oortainly,' ropliod my spirit guide, who soomod' to porfoetly understand tho oiygma. 'I, sir,' said tho gontloman, rising, ' am a spirit that many sigh for, many work hard for, and many sit patiently awaiting.' ' Oh ! ha ! ha ! Capital for a conundrum. What is that which-: ? ' It was tho Ghost of a Joko who spoko ! but ho was silenced by tho gentleman so rudoly interrupted, and tho Ghost of a Laugh, who had just opened his mouth, closed it again, and slunk boliind his intimate's chair. ' Of courso you would tako m'o,' Baid tlio controlling spirit, addressing tho Ghost of a Joko; 'you would tako mo.' Tlioro, was a bittor sarcasm in his accents ; . but his tono waB not unkindly whon, turning to mo, ho continued : ' I am caught by somo, and pi'ove a blessing to thom, for thoy uso mo as tho thin end, of tho wedgo for thoir advancement. Otliors lot mo Blip through their fingers simply out of foolishness, others through shoor in capacity to utilizo mo. But thoro aro my riads I novor visit j and thoso, heaven help thom, fado, fade into poverty and mostly from thonco into dospair. TIiobo who soolc mo aro likely to find mo ; but th6ro iB no cer tainty of that. I am by nature hasty and capricious. I, sir, am the Ghost of a Ohanoo.' Tho spirit sat down, and thoro was silonoo. Directly I hoard who ho was, I felt inolinod to ombraoo him ; in faot, I roso to do so, but lo ! ho had disappeared. Thon, as a vision, events of my own lifo roso up boforo mo — anticipations, liopos, sohomoB, failures — failures through folly, failures through boing prematurely cortain, failures through an other's spito — faded ohauoos, brilliant, offor vesoing bubblos whioh had diod sparkling and had loft boliind thom nothing but regret. For a momont, my oyos woro bhndod with tears, and through thoir dowy mist I saw tho spirits who had formod tho oirolo slowly fado away ono by ono. Strango to say, tho Ghost of a Coin and tlio Ghost of a Laugh disappoarod togothor. Tho strains of a , popular molody floated through tho air, and tho Ghost of a Ttino was indistinguishable. Tho last to loavo was tho Ghost of a Jolco ; ho Boomed vory loath to go ; in faot, ho soomod to bo ?prosont long aftor I could s'oo nothing of him,' , ' Thoro,' said my familiar, whon wo woro again alono, ' you'vo witnossod ? what no spiritualist ovor boliold boforo. You'vo gono boyond thoir most marvolloufi oxporionoos. I pity you whon you oomo to ntirrato it, You will got no; orodonoo — no, not ovon from tho wildest visionary. Down stairs, ploaso. Tlio bIiow's ovor. Wo malco a silvor oollootion at I tho door, so as to koop up tho quality of tho spirits, Wo aro obligod to do this from a moral point of viow; for if tho rent's not paid, wo, find tho spirits booomo vory low.' Ho wantod to soil mo somo papors to whioh all tho ghosts contributed ; but I didn't pur olmao, booauBo I foarod thoy'd disappear in my pookot. Ho most politoly saw mo to tho gato, and thon vanished. My lioad was in a whirl. ,i soarooly real inod what I wan doing, until I found mysolf baolc in my own rooms, Thoro I again booamo acquainted with a littlo spirit— Sootoh this timo, Thon I folt that what my familiar had said was truo— I waH a modium, and for somo minutes I allowod tho spirit to control, 