The Peer and the fioipi. BOOK II. CHAPTER IV. AN INTRODUCTION. There wa3 a brief silence, and I felt my cheeks grow hot, notwithstanding the cool, sweet breeze which swept softiy over my face and rustled among tho creepers and tho shrubs, Then I heard the answering voice. ' Arthur, listen to me ! I'm an older man than you, and I know more of the world. At any rate, I know more what I'm talking about in the present in stance. These Continental watcring places, especially the smaller ones, such as St. Marien, are simply hot-beds of gambling, tbe refuge and haunt of the lowest class of swindlers who have pro bably wade the more fashionable resorts . too hot for them. Of your host I know nothing— not even his name. The house was pointed out to me, and that is all. I say nothing against him — ;he may be as you say, a gentleman: No doubt he is, but that man, D'Aubron, whom I am told that you are intimate with, is no thing more nor less than a dangerous adventurer, a man who lives by bis wits ;and by his skill at cards upon such boys as yon. General Erie saw yon with him this morning, and as he had not bad an opportunity to warn you himself, he told me about it immediately I arrived' If Mr. Brown has suffered you to asso : ciate with him, and has gone with you. to his rooms, I shall write and advise your father to change your tutor at onee,' '.You can do as you choose,' Arthur Carlyon answered hotly. ' I don't care. ^ Old Erie always was a meddlesome idiot, and I don't believe he knows what he's ..talking about.' . 'General Erie is not an idiot, and men in his position, and with his regard for the truth, are not in the liabit of [ . making reckless assertions,' was the stern- reply. -Besides, he's a friend of | your father's.' I ' Well, I'm not with D'Aubron now, at any rate, am I ?' protested Arthur Carlyon. 'He went away an 'hour' ago.' ' ' Oh, he has been here, then ?' re marked the other. 1 Yes, he dined here.' 'And your host is a resident here? \- As such, Arthur, he must have known the fellow's character. Look here. Will you send in your excuses and come | round to my hotel and talk it over .there 7, | .. Certainly not. You talk to me as though I were a child.' v 'I shouldn't be here talking to you at I j ; / , all, -Arthur, if I hadn't promised your 1 mother that I would look after yon. I 1 have plenty of troubles of my own to oocupy me, God knows.' I Arthur Carlyon's - tone changed at ? once. j ' I know -yon have, old chap,' he said, ' and of course it's very good of you to ! bother about me at all. But don't you ?'?think that you're a little bit unreason able in the present case ! I do reallv. .1 can't help it.' 'Yon won't come with me, then V 'Not now. I am M. de Feurget's ' guest for tho evening.' :? ' Then perhaps you will take me in and introduce mo. I shall ? Good God!' Arthur Carlyon's mysterious com panion -had changed his position ' suddenly, and the last exclamation . ! ; had burst from trembling lips, and in a : ; tone which had suddenly become hoarse . - . with agitation. His cousin looked at |'..i him in amazement, and then, following [ i his horror-struck riveted gaze, turned % ; ? round. I, too; seeing ; a shadow cast be !i tween tho two upon tho grass, leaned ; ; over the balcony, and saw my father j ? with hisihead uncovered standing in the ! lower window, with cigarette between his | ? i teeth. ! I CHAPTER V. ] ! MR CARLYON'S CODSIN. I Never, though my memory should j i yield up everything else which a stormy i life has left imprinted on it, shall I for j : get that little scene, My father, al j I though his manner when he did come in V I contact with new acquaintances was 1 1 always quietly courteous, stood perfectly ; ' , , still without moving even a feature, ,and ]' 5 with his cigarette still between his teeth, j r Ho did not appear to have heard the i ; words of introduction. Thoro was not i; p the-slightest smile of welcome upon his j i „ lips. His hands, instead of beinp ont ! ? stretched, hung nervously by his side, j j ? and ho did . not advance a single stop ; i forward. The only change in his ap ! j pearance was a curions glitter in his dark eyes and a slight compressu n of his thin, colorless lips. A few feet away from him, Lord ? Alceston stood. I conld see bim plainly now, but had I not heard his voice and his name, I might with reason have doubted whether it were indeed he. The facowas paler by far than when I had . . seen him last, and his form, though still erect and graceful, was shrunken and thiil. His cheeks, too, were hollow, and his face seemed sharpened. He was standing now with his lips a little parted, and one hand raised to his head ; and God forbid that I should ever again seo. such a look of horror on human face as was distorting his fea tures as bis eyeB rested upon my father. It camo and went like a flash. But I saw it, and it seemed to me that they must see it too. Between them Arthur Carlyon stood glancing from one to the other in blank bewilderment. ' Havo either of you seen a ghost— or both — or what?' he asked, breaking a silence which, had it lasted much longer, I myself must have broken with a shriek. ' Bornard, old chap, don't you feel prell?' Jt was all over, Lord Alceston seemed galvanised out of his stupor and was once more in the well-bred dilettante n;ao of the world. My father, too, had rpgained his naturally easy manners, and the usual courtesies passed between the two men. But I noticed that when my father's hand touched Lord Alceston's it seemed to send a shiver through his frame, and he dropped it as speedily as possible. There were a few words of invitation, a brief acceptance, and the three men stepped into the room from which my father had come. What could have passed between them to cause the momentary agitation which both had betrayed ? The more I won dered, the more inexplicable the whole thing seemed. I sat in my rocking chair thinking, until my whole brain whirled and my reasoning powers were reduced to utter confusion. Then at last, moved by a sudden impulse, I started up, and wrapping a long dark cloak around me, I stole softly from the room, downstairs, and oat of the open door into the garden . CHAPTER YI. A STRANGE CONVERSATION. Sitaated as our cottage was, at a. con siderable distance from any thoroughfare, I our blinds were alway left undrawn, and our windows wide open in order to enjoy as much as possible the faint but fragrant night breeze. And so from tho edge of tho shrubbery fringing the lawn, where I had taken up my station, I couid see with ease into the room where my father and his guests were. At the further end Mr. Brown and my father were examining together a little pile of musty volumes, which I re cognised a3 part of my father's choicest stock of rare books and first editions. Both seemed entirely engrossed in their occupation, and my father was evidently holding forth concerning his favonrities to Mr. Brown with considerable warmth. It is strange his appearanca changes at times. Then, with his lips parted in a slight smile, and a bright keen light in his eyes, be seemed transformed, Although his face was aged and his brow furrowed, their disfigurement appeared more like the becoming traces of a studious life than the indelible marks of a deep sorrow and an ever- torturing anxiety. His up right mien, too gave him a greater air of dignity than was usual. It was evident that in the keen enjoyment of conversa tion with a sympathiser in his literary tastes he had forgotten for a while that other portion of his life whish at times laid hold of of him so powerfully, and which seemed to oppress him like a night mare. I could not keep back a sigh of regret as I looked at him. If only he , would be always like this ! If only that other. self, so mysterious, so depressing, would fall away ! Life would be a very different thing for me if only this could come to pass. ... A little way apart from my father and Mr. Brown, and nearer the window, Mr. Carlyon and Lord Alceston were talking together in a low tone. I could not overhear what they were saying, nor did I try to do so. But it seemed to me that their conversation was no very im portant one, and I noticed that every now and then Lord Alceston cast a furtive yet impatient glance toward my father, a3 though anxious to speak with him. Presently a servant brought in a tray with some tea and other refreshments, and in the slight stir which followed, the relative positions of the occupants of the room were changed. (To be Continued .) 