The Cycling League. At a recent meeting of the Barrier branch of the New South "Wales League of Wheelmen the following officers were elected :-Patron, Mr. J. W. Harris ; president, Mr. J. Penrose ; league representative, Mr. T. Barkell, Sydney ; captain, Mr. S. Blows ; vice captain, Mr. C. H. Tonkin ; bon. secretary, treasurer, and bugler, Mr. J?. W. Shepherd ; handicapper, Mr. I W. B. Temple. It was decided to run a road race to Silverton on January j 25\. Particulars of the prizes, which amount in value to over £25, appear | in the MINER to-day. Entries are due on Tuesday next with the secretary (Mr. ' F. W. Shepherd), and with Messrs. A. E. Bertram and F. Bankin, Oxide-street. The branch ÍB in a good financial position, and has 60 members on its roll. It intends holding a big race meeting shortly. Writing of the University-East Melbourne match, "Mid-on" of the j Age says :-The feature of the Uni- versity second innings was the wicket- j keeping of J. Harry, who relieved Lewis. His stumping of Fitzgerald was a grand bit of work, and his share in the running ont of Quirk fairly electrified the spectators and fieldsmen ! alike. If Han y entertained a feeling that he was perhaps on trial for the much-discussed position of second wicketkeeper in the Australian Eleven it must be allowed that he gave an ex- hibition of dexterity which would certainly have made a deep impression on the selectors had they witnessed it, and one of the most eulogistic of his critics was Johns, who, if it be decided not to take Jarvis to England, ought to be favorite for the position of first wicketkeeper. Ghost, who is engaged in the Hurdle Races at the Broken Hill Jockey Club Meeting this month, was seen at the Tarrawingee races on Tuesday. His appearance does not highly recom- mend him ; but he may be a good per- former over the sticks. Indeed, the horse's past performances must be brilliant, since Mr. Quinn has called upon him to concede Wallace 111b. Mr. E. M'Laughlin, of the Rising Sun Hotel, announces .that he is organising a Pigeon Match for Janu- ary 28, the day intervening between the days of the Broken Hill Jockey Club Meeting. Mr. M'Laughlin is a good patron of sport, and his enter- prise should be rewarded with big entries. For the Orroroo (S. A.) races, to be held on February 12, the following Barrier performers have been entered : -Hurdles: Pebble, Warrego, Count, Bubble, Arctic, Wallace, Damocles. Orroroo Handicap: Chifbon, Coorie, Taloola, Little Pearl, Swibhin, U.Z., Mompa. Flying Handicap : Recluse, Taloola, Dargil, Little Pearl, Mompa, and the pony Black Diamond. Selling Race: Oaklande. Trentalto,, by Trenton-Montalto, won the Two-year-old Race at Hawke's Bay (N. Z.) Races on Boxing Day. Her dam was by Neckersgat out of Romula, the dam of Mr. Kidman's old horse, Pincio. Iren tal to was bred ab St. Albans. Danbydale, a Wilcannia-bred horse which has been distinguishing itself in WeBt Ausbralia and more recently at Adelaide, has been sent fe3 Melbourne. He is by Sir Oliver-Olivette, and is a full brother to Olivette, who won several races here last year. Saddle Up, whom a Menindie resi- dent dreamt would win the Melbourne Cap, is already spoken of in connection with the Newmarket Handicap. He is said to be well bred and good-look- ing, but there is the greatest mystery as to whether he can gal'op or nob. 