THE DAY OF R E S ? ? "Ho ma batliiKgi lui mio Inriu. but He that descend t;) oat of hatrtu. «voo the cot of Man, *Mch i. I. John iii. 18. The festival of tho Ancemiion 13 the festival - life. He dciinod tile doctrine of the Ii.carnaboil in a single authoritative sutaral. Ho »mp]i.d tho greatness, the nobility of man, •id Ho it.dio.wd the attitude in which thu 5 oi dmly lite should H. spoke fi rjt of God. Usms 111 standard of time sue 'it the imagination to tin dateloee past. wnentho worlds which uiiw.r, "1ay in Uod'a bosom iiln.w.»drua." ud til era bids us Ke tile Lhvino Word, or Father, eternally in oeiug w with the Fa! roken tnouqht of man* brain II in being before it ,s°t u«ce. In thB fulfilment of the eternal pens this "Word or tho Fatli orefttion had liuriud itneU in liie phenomena tho natuml world, and out of wliicliull tonus r J ^ c s : of J and labours, sharing the ln.il> and hopus mid fears of the million* of the human race, jt-uiiingthe human lesson o[ obodiuuce L,v the tiling that He endured, and complete conformity 10 the high and perfect will of the, (_'nivoi ,al In- ^^"wiu'thaV atrat/H tha continuity p-r- old existence i.v showing Himself alive during forty days", After which, with words ol Ui-wnr 0:1 His lip., He gradually f.d,» from sigiit, »d ' " before. Hut dunrig ' of tins earthly e-Tperi- 3V.j Word was atudiLie -.xulv:- , with tli,- indwelling Vat her. i, but He was in Heaven. : of Hi* life was tried 1 His foot»tc;J», but rloep ivitlnn Han, in ttTRtic ino-ost «lnt' Ktranrf Spirit Is, He " had lUMl to eat thai oilier knew He 1 the work which Iho 1'aUier gave Hun to do, when lie had uuveilud tin, eternal purrncter of the Cr-e.noiuSpirit. wind truths which were dostiued to evoitL- the principle vvimli ihould alowlv cliauRe the life current of tin: rrainod 1 nil aundards and liftej •with tha Ascnu liberty from cverv traditional iitinpprrlicnsion mn lo the nature and pur|i„so of tin: CraiLur of the tiniveree. Wlien our hearts are paralysod by tho aenae of inqxitcuce nnd failure, ivhen we aro pathetically veannni. for :l conception of tho Kternal wlncVi ah,ill V,e a to lis , for a God who mil hive u» .'.•d iluss tiaiulifowitl, H of luio will never be exhausted till even cliiid in drawn into union with thu whole family of God. ,• .fMua .as God 1 ,11, the , it is to Im: conscious of a now facultv of trust nnd mnKh: impartial to human tlmu^ht »nd f.Hiliujr; it is t.., res^n-J to tho influence of a mapnet capaliiu of lit tins; our poor earth-born lives abom the liLflenessei, nmannessos, and disappointing 1 s niiini fret and hinder ua hni,. I,slow; it is iranrjuillv lo loare the roapousibihtv for tile infinite complexity of human affairs witn t!,u world's perfect all-Father, whom, 111 .lesus, wn nou But this saying of the Christ is obviously 1 narrowed if it ia uuphilonophicallv limited to llimnolf; woehall orvor estnuato .jusus ariclit b until we regard Him at THanifostiur- GojV ideal of humanity as a whole. As 'the one perfect repmrnil-ativu of the rare, the only tnilv born Son (fur the Creel: word "Mono- etDeo" roosjia litorallv "onlv lien," rather than "onlv iKtgntleo'"') to wlinsn we are all " nredc-itiued to bo conformed," t!,e Christ claims for Himself 00 iinule^e, no 110 retail , not equally e akiii^o! His ic pomtsdly emi>Wi>.»s liis compleic mriitifieation with the human nuw l» His wards " 1 fteoend to Mr Father and vour Fall.er, tomv God and your God." Ho'tau^it men to lift up their hearts and voica-s to the Klernal wilh God: , consider earttilv fatherhood n-s o shadoiv of the Divine, and "call 110 mail on earth our Father." When, therefore. He aai a ' heaven hot He Jt is ,„ had said, "Natural excellence is not •arily nswneaa of life; that which is Inru of the fleell is flesll. that which u lairo of the Spirit is epirit, und there is a spiril in man <4hch has come from God. decoded /rum heaifm ; this mus. !*• born into conscio is life by the vivifying touch of the Hoi v Ghost, and turned Godwards bvdivine gra-x:, liefore a man Lm trulyalire. ' Except ) ou." the nnlural nun, be thus 'bum :m„ above.' born out o! tl,„ utonJ into th« Api ritual. • vou cannot see the kinffdom ol God. for nothing that is not of the Uo» by the evolution of tlio higher, bringing forth outwardly the fruits of dailr riglitoum- CMl ks the life of God |.lanU«3 in'the soul is euluratod inwardly, till, having been made perfect through suffering- having at-onod Iho finite human iriirto the perfect will of Godwe, too, ahall return to the Fatbor, leaving as . legacy to others the biased asmmuoe, "Be of goo& clieer; I hay. overoome tlie world." Boautifull, ha. It been eipre^ by otio Dm Ood'i Uino. Unni i. a .MI for me. Si" Xj namal till I come. Father, from Thee k.dii»cn>ttoM howss tiiie BnntD ntiaeinto tbesonlit T ^ ^ ^ S t ^ H H S S , Ful uro'Victory' and • o'jglil to rebuke despondency, to trans'.! enre ScoJdnn. to bind uJ Co the inviaib!.. The ! saddest epitaph ton] b'tona of n ts rightly tin my«t«rj o! himself. who as the significance of the perfectly model bfe of the Eldor Brother of that this ia the All Father's for himself, if he wrote L11 God. And tho life of snub nn one mi ascending life, its motto must bo tort;, lift up rour hearts; the whole world of Nature, of which wo are , 1 whole mystery of natural growth, the bril .ofth»oarlr leave* oil tho Londor by contrj R, is a picture of life , "Ho o! tho earth; in nie is the liod-M^ret in lou ; let tho God-lifo out and prow, and you.'too, shall overcome tho world." That minute in veiery of song, that feathered Alleluia the "kylarl: rising always direct from the r.nrLh, with lit'r spelling throat t)?L DIM the onrth. dehe. mid oomjuers the attraction of gravitation, till the little do'- In tire blue alty i' invisilile, and onlr tho nnli tnll 01 lirr nivBtenous 00ng, chanting tjod's Ei frlM.,1. WIU n-harc she 13. "I liave orerco/nc tin- c-.irLh," obo Binge to man. " Unregulated ijp -irr is to vou what KranLation ia to toe ; the Chrntlife in vou is what winjpi ilpt to me. Aris" aud overcome." And all auch teachiui; in the of the world', brother o! hunia latiun and death havo done tbmr wont, .ivu only availud to perfect Uu moral 'il^iiIV, sp-'aliH tli<• lnns^a'/r nf tri'iuitiii i.mi .•n".v,irai:eiiient, "He of K'i.o.l rlie-'r , 1 I.live nverc'tue th.' world." The T^liri - li^n !im must lIii'U Ljl: an asr:(.,id lug, .1 jn\ ai:!-I'Johlu^ hie, a Iifn p.'iifl 1.1 tud Mitll tin.: ruiiviclinu tiiat "ou> is ,K>or, ideal Hl.ould be hifth. act. Ho Ij.'pae lie de-ieomh-d. \- dav of lift: fn die to the e livery day v. 1. orth from the Father and eoiuinj» till- world." Our lives can be moulded ujujli the sauie- linos without altering single uere-s".irv dii'-v. Tile asecndi 11- principle, the divine life, the kingdom of lieave,, vu'.lnu U-. l'.a-h Out: who dcliiierately will, to lift Mp hasrt ran thus daili "po />jrt)j frooi tile F»tli'*r ami pp into tii-'woi id," the norld of Liu iioe-chold, thu r.ehool. t'.ie otfies tho duty, deliberate uplifting of his inmost can "leave the world and (To to the Father." cougnijatHiu to-day is obvious and emphatic. Hum.inity is not an aggregate of separata entities, but an organic whole. There is one lindv and tine s.piril. Personal salva lieu is douOtlesi a great mutter, but it ia also capable of great distortion. A life, professing to be a Christian life,knowing nothing of di.v interested compassion for tiin t'-inpli'd .sulTei'ing iiretlnvu of the race, may be an intellectual gratification or a dete-ia'ile evotisui, but it is nnl an that the l-atln-r' is the self-saeiiriemg activity ot h and Ileal ts, when vou know timt this activity is hindered fur lack of liberal support, mi who is the lietter because vou are a Christian': What are vnu doing 10 this huge human autheai> called Liin loii in wipe tears fr.iin faces, to remove atuinlilinc-blouks from lives, to lengthen the Churclf/s arm, to smootii the* Win ni those less prosperous than vnurrare a grudited elu'lliug 111 tho plate.:' Then vou inav lie trusted tli dmir tho obv ious conelu em vou."self, for " inn- religion and un.lelil-d before Gn,i and tile 1'sth-i is In v,,it the I iitlierless and widows in Iheir n'ilielioii.'' Vssl le.inibsr^ vviLlirj.it. que'tlou cainuit ;ieii:y n el.,' flin]r- attention in other direrLions: but 1 (lie re * puns; bil 11 v wnKON and whr.t the indivi- ,1 his name. Tlie arm;.' of the JCiug ulio.'n is not raised bj' \ oluntary eni ut by eonseriptioii, vol!', the privilege of 