IS TYPHOID A PREVENTABLE DISEASE? Any man or woman who has ever straggled through the 10,12, or 15 weeks' experience of a determined attack of typhoid fever will think (says the English Hospital) we have placed an exceedingly import ant question at the head of this an notation. Can *typhoid be pre vented ? Well, either, it can or can - not; either it is a disease whose cause we know and can deal practi cally with, or remains still jone of those mysteries which baffle science and practice alike. But typhoid is not now a " mystery" to the man of science; of that we are sure. It is, on the contrary, a well understood and entirely manageable and pre ventable malady. Dr. T. E. Hay ward, medical officer of health for , Haydock, Lancashire, tellshis parish in his annual report not only that it is preventable, but also by what precise and simple means it may be prevented. We have had occasion before to express approval of Dr. Hayward's intelligence and tho roughness as a medical officer of health, and we commend with confi dence his tersely expressed " Prin ciples of Typhoid Prevention," as made public in his report for 1895. " Typhoid is a preventable disease, says this authority. It is a disease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement. That is to he taken as the beginning of know ledge, the A B C of typhoid pre vention, by the unscientific. The next step is equally easy. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli; and the bacilli we find in human ex crement, and in drinking water fouled by such excrement. It is probable that. no. man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swal- ; lowing some typhoid bacilli. They i may be swaljowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be j flying about in the air in the neigh bourhood of typhoid excrement, and may be swallowed withmouthfulsof air. What, then, is the first and last com.mandment of typhoid preven tion ? " Cleanliness; personal and public cleanliness." It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking water clean; if we keep oar closets and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries,gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of ns as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of extinct Deinotherium. 