WAGGA WAGGA LITERARY CLUB. The monthly meeting of the Wagga Liter ary Club was held on Tuesday evening at "Fernleigh,'' the residence of Mr. Thomas Halloran. There were present; Messrs. G. Coleman, L. S. Crakanthorp, J. T. William sen, Thomas Halloran, P. B. Heffernan, L. S. Joseph, W. B. Loughran (president), In spector Smith, and Mesdames, Copland, Coleman (hon, sec.), Crakanthorp, Misses Gormly, Marvel, and Ellington. Since its formation the club has been steady in its attachment to the work of Shakespeare, the monthly meetings having been mainly de voted to the reading of tbe great master's plays. Commencing with ' King John,' the members have read in succession, ' As you like it,' ' The Merchant of Venice,' "Much ado about nothing," "Richard the Third," 'Henry the Eighth 'The taming of the Shrew,' ' A Midsummer Night's Dream' and ' Twelfth Night.' This extensive acquaintance with Shakesperian literature gave the members eouie confidence in approaching the author's masterpiece of ' Hamlet', ' which was the play selected for reading on Tuesday evening. The effort was acknowledged to be an ambitious one, but was felt to be justified by the exceptional :powers which had been displayed by at least some few of the members at the monthly meetings. And without straying into the realm of exaggeration it can be said, the event has proved the collective judgment of the club to have been based on very sound premises. From the purely literary point of view the meeting was the most successful yet held. This result was contributed to by all the members who took part in the read ing, but the larger part of it was | most certainly due to Mr Coleman's scholarly and finished reading of the principal character. It is merely repeating a truism to say that the success of the greatest of all Shakespeare's creations depends entirely upon | the impersonator of the "Prince of Den- mark." However excellent may be the efforts of those to whom the other parts are en trusted a 'Hamlet' who fails to realise the expectations of intelligent hearers reduces the play to "a flat stale and unprofitable performance.' On the other hand a credit able 'Hamlet ' can redeem, in a great measure, any defects thatmay attach to the other characters. At the meetings af the club Mr. , Coleman has given many proofs of his powers as a public reader, and it is needless to say that hie excellence in this respect has been fully acknowledged by his fellow members. He has always displayed his interest in the work of the club by giving time and care to the study of the characters allotted him, and has consequently never failed to give to the members representations which fully satisfied their intellectual cravings. On no former occasion, however, did he achieve so great a success as was the case on Tuesday night, his reading of ' Hamlet ' being unanimously acknowledged by those present to be a literary treat very rarely vouchsafed. Perfectly free from stage mannerisms, his reading was imbued with that degree of forcc and vigour requisite to give the hearers a perfect idea of the most abstruse of Shakespearean con ceptions. The delivery of the soliloquy on suicide was exceptionally fine, while the scene with the 'Queen'' where poor 'Polonius' meets his untimely fate was endowed with a realism that enchained attention. Again the moralizing on 'Yorick's' skull brought into play other shades of character that showed in a marked manner the versatility of the reader's powers. Taken altogether, the performance was one of which Mr. Coleman and the members of the Literary : Club have every reason to be proud. After 'Hamlet,' the character first selected for mention is usually 'Ophelia,' and on this occasion it will suffice to say that Miss Elkington, to whom it was entrusted, acquitted herself with more than her usual conscientiousness. Mrs. Copland's reading | of the 'Queen,' pleased the members greatly, it being marked by that judgment and good taste which distinguish her efforts. Of Mr. Inspector Smith's representation of | 'The King,' it can be said with justice that it was a meritorious performance, while as ' Polonius,' Mr. Joseph fell in no way below his usual standard. Mrs. Crakanthorp who accecpted 'Horatio' through the default of the member to whom it had been allotted deserves the thanks of the members for her really admirable reading that very beauti- ful part. Mr. Heffernan's 'Ghost ' was in all respect a most creditable reading evidencing careful study. Mr. Crakanthorp read the parts of 'Laertes' and 'firstgrave-digger,' , and brought out in a masterly way the humor partainimg to the latter character. Mrs. Coleman, Miss Gormly, Miss Marvel, Mr. Williamson, and Mr. Halloran also did much to conduce to the success of the evening by their careful rcading of the parts allotted them. 'The Tempest' was selected for reading at next monthly meeting, which it was arranged should be held at the residence of Mr. Inspector Smith. Mrs. Copland, Mr. Crakanthorp and Mr. Heffernan were ap pointed the Cast Committee for the month. Stylish suit?, thousands of patterns to select from. Suits from 70s. ; trousers, from 17s 0d, Kelly, The Boss Tailor, Wa^ga. : 