Our JJrizc Competition, FIRST PRIZE STORY. A RACE FOR LIFE. By MARY ANNE SILVER, Dnrlimurla. It was Christmas Eve. Three chil dren, Uvo girls ami a boy, were .silting _in the verandah of a pretty, rose-em bowered house, and watching the bril liant sunset. The sun had just set be hind the tall gum-trees. The western sky was a blaze of pale yellow. This tint gradually gave place to a bright red. that cast a rosy glow on all the sur rounding objects. The vivid colors grew fainter and fainter, till they changed to'a purphsli color, and In a few minutes all that remained of the bright coloring was a few dark clouds that floated slowly over the pale blue sky. . Seymour and Jack Candos were plan ning a fishing excursion that was to take place on Boxing Day, while their sister Daisy, a bright little girl of erven summers, was 'caressing a little pet wallaby, that put its cold nose into her "" little palm t'> receive its customary lump of sugar.' "Tea Is rfeady for you. children," said Mrs Candos, coming to the open door way. "And we're ready for it," said Sey mour, as they ro,-e and followed their mother into a cosy -room, where an in viting meal was spread. After tea Mr Candos drc-w up his easy chair to the fire, and became engrossed in the pages of "The Weekly Times," while Mrs Candos sat smiling at the merry chat of the children. "Daisy," said Jack, suddenly, "Santx Olaus is coming to night, so don't forget to hang up your stocking." Daisy looked at him in u puzzled way. end said: "Ellen Mac-kay told me yesterday that there was no Santa Claus, and that I was a uttie goose to uenev-e it, ana i don't believe there is, either," she added, defiantly, as she saw a sr-.tlle break out on her brothers' faces. The boys instantly became quite grave, and Fit) eared to be inexpressibly, shookea® at Daisy proving to be such little Infidel. "Oh, Daisy, don't say that!" ex claimed Seymour, while Jack added, "Of course, there's a Santa Claus. I have never seen him mys;lf, hut then I know lots of people that have." Then the boys commenced an argu ment on this subject that completely overwhelmed Daisy's unbelief, and caused her wavering faith to be securely seated on its tlirone again. "Come, pet," said her mother; "don't worry your small brain any more. It is time you were in bed," and, taking her little girl in her arms, Mrs Candos car ried her off to bed. Soon Daisy's curly head was resting on her pillow, while, at her mother's com mand, she murmured sleepily, "Now I lay rne down to sleep." A few minutes more: and she was in the land of slumber, dreaming of Santo; Claus. « « - Christmas Day dawned joyous and clear — not the cold, snowy Christmas of Old England, but a hot, roasting, Aus tralian Christmas. There was a children's party at River side that day, and the happiest amongst them was our little friend, Daisy, who was running about hither and Ih'ther. attired in a loose while frock, with a blue sash round her waist. After dinner with its usual acc.omrMI.'- niments of roast turkey, plum pudding; and other Christmas dainties, the chil dren all flocked out to the smooth lawn, and played such happy, merry games, fill the sinking sun and their own appe tites warned them it was tea-time. , This meal was duly served, and tlis children attacked the good things placed before them In a way that showed that playing games was very, good for the appetite. Then they all re- tiivd to the drawlngroom, while Mrs tJandos played and sang some popular glees. At her request, they then sang together a fine old Christmas anthem, end their childish voices made sweetest melody ring through the room. The words— "All glory be to God on high, "And to the earth be peace," sounded softly on the night air. The children then said good night to their kind entertainers, and dispersed to their homes, thoroughly satisfied with hay ing spent a merry Christmas, II. Next morning Seymour might be seen saddling up two little ponies, while Jack stood at the kitchen door, using all his persuasive powers to make the cook give them a liberal lunch. Then, securing their fishing tackle, they hounded Into the saddle, and canteied merrily off in the direction of Maguire's Creek, which was famed for its large fish, and which was some miles away. Tiiev passed selectors' farms, wheic the clearing of the land had commenced, and where blackened trees uplifted their leafless limbs, an'd seemed like so many ghosts of the past, looking mournfully down at the slow, but sure, dying of the forest. Gradually the boys passc-d into the typical Australian bush, great trees uprearcd their lofty forms, till their branches seemed to touch the blue sky, the ground was covered with a coarse native grass, on which numbers of wal labies fed. Bush creepers flung their mass of luhage ana uen-snapea uiu»unia iiuui tree to tree. Perhaps it was into th flowery bells, elves and fairies whisper ed their secrets before this practical civilising age came to drive romantic superstition along with the fairies and blackfellows away from the wooded hills and smiling plains of Australia. In a few hours the boys reached their destination, they let the quiet ponies graze contentedly along the bank of the stream, while they applied all their energies to fishing. But, somehow, they did not meet with ( their usual success; their excuse wafl that the fish would not bite. Three o'clock passed, and found them the proud possessors of two sprats. Jack wiped his perspiring face, and said, "This is as exciting as chasing half-boiled peas round a plate with a two-pronged fork," and then, looking at a black cinder that had just alighted on his coat, he exclaimed, "There must be a fire somewhere." "Look," said his brother, In alarm, pointing over to the west where dense black columns of smoke were rising in the air. I Yes, truly. The bush was on fire. The preceding drought had left theionggrass and undergrowth in a highly inflam- i triable state, and when once a fire got started in the bush It would not stop till it died for want of sustenance. Already on their cars burst the crackl- " ing of the flames, and on the air was borne the odor cif burning eucalyptus leaves. The fire was but half a mile away, and was coming in thei£ direction with Incredible rapidity. The boys realised their danger, and, with one accord leaped into the saddle and galloped madly towards home. Faster and faster came the fire, with a subdued roar, like that of thunder. Wallabies and other animals rushed wildly across their path, while birds circled high up in the smoky air, utter ing piteous, heartrending cries over the destruction of their homes and young ones. - Though the horses were going at the top or their speed, the fire was surely gaining on them. Vivid sheets of flame could be seen shooting out in the long dry grass, consume it, and then leave it for fresh fuel. The tall gum trees were enveloped with flames, and cast off showers of sparks and lighted pieces of bark. The hoys had half a mile to go before thev could reach a nlave of safetv. and the fire was but a few chains behind them. The pace was beginning to tell on the ponies, but they responded bravely to the call of their young masters. | The heat became intolerable, and the I air was suffocatihg, but on, on they went, with roar of the flames, the cries I of animals, and the crash of falling 1 timbers sounding in their ears. The trees seemed to dance past them in an I uncertain way. The ponies were sway- j ing to and fro, but still they struggled on. Then, oh joy, there appeared on their eight the little creek that separated the wild bush from a part that had been swept once or twice before by just such a Are, and nothing grew on it, save some stunted undergrowth. One or two more bounds and they were on the other side of the creek. The boys quickly dismounted and plunged their heated heads into the cool waters. Then they laved the panting sides of their foam-covered ponies, and mounted again. When they had ridden to a safer dis tance they rested the tired ponies, while they turned and viewed with awe the work of the destroying element. "That was a close shave," feaid Sey mour. "Yes. It's a blessing we had our horses with us, for we would never come out of that bush alive," answered Jack. Then they slowly rode home, to pour their tale into the sympathising ears of their parents and Daisy. Mr (.and os caused his men to be sent lo the assistance of bis neighbors, as his place was in no danger, for the wind had changed, and there was hardly any bush to carry the fire in his direction. Jack, Seymour, and Daisy are grown up people now, but every Christmas brings to their memory the time when two of them had a race for life tvith a bush fire. 