RANDOIVI SHOTS, BY A BILIOUS MAnKSMA,. At last, after a prolonged ond ta weary struggle, Parliiamenit hls givet up t(ii ghost, or Iperhaps it would tih bit0ter nl say its' ghost, for tle last Ptrliliit.uit after all was never nill ting else but tull ghost of i parlliatntlt. it tlnever posiiessted the active brain power or the sitnews anld ituscle of a real live parliament. For the present, however, it bhus, as alreadly said, rendered up its ghost to its maker for safe-keolling until wanted agail-its keeper land its mlaker being, of courste, the Radical organ of Oonllits.treet, Ito autocrat of thei Victorian worrukiing mianit, the TriIhtis Hall, Parliament, and the l'urner (JovernI'ttePnt. And now thlt ihe doors are lolsed, and hlotour. .ithlo metlllbers hlave delparted In thltheir respective hIoites, and the silent onle. tl:ter louses talo ll (lt the liseakig lIttoo glivell ill ston atll his feen, " Ill thl mullulilttude of councillors the-re is safety5." Now tlht that tile dilrilra t' Lititlltolt;, the cynliecismls of S.li.-l9. tigitinr with the " hear ittllur" atil " h obls" of til* otlhr hon. tnltbLlerr hvre lied utway il the distance, Hnw is hiti thuoj lve n ioopy is 5thllted lllr thu lpapTrs. With thlie poroitiot of Per. liintniot the nrulsptapers eir- Ione fllre cast uponll their i1iveutivu rtse ,Liesis for suitable copy, and all the ancient July selestn y.rsi will lie furllished lip afresh cltan a irlllottd new set itentilted for the oceosion. it's rather Into ii the seasion for gigatice g eooslierribs, but snake yars will e to t the fore, and our old friend the sea serpent will doubtless be discovered withouit thei smallest possible delay. Soute of our leading argul eutativo divines, tun, will ino doubt in due seaton lie set biy the ears. i Was latilot mald I" will of course be tabled as a sttiding dish durnllg ithe parliamenttary recess. Our colitemporary Auanias will doubtloss put a huge lie or two into circulation, just to keep up his r.eputattion au it were. Dr. Carr and Dr. Gooee will niturally be put into action and shlow their Ipaces. Dr. Carr, indleed, has openelld th ball already with a stirring alnd able flltiiliation on the outlheticity of the Pritacy. His Grace will, no ldoubt, ill due seasonll Ie respectfully reqlestted for illnformation respectling the female P1ope Agnes, and if it is true that ii femanle Polipeo tarryig n clill ifn her arms is yet to be seown crlnvo in stinon iin onel of the strints of Rome. 'lThese slid otIher inlterestine topics will during the parliamentlary interregnum ll b Irought forth tlld duly considered. Our ustilt.lble edlitoi kindlll iflilniufes through Iliese cicluli tmns of mIil that lin is preparoldl to ri-oeivl. for publientiol--atid for tile use of hlis own table--n:ly and all cloice' slpecillenlls of giglfltio turnips, enablngelis, caulliliflowers, paIrsnips, potall toles, appllles, pears, peaches, apricots, ke, &e.;, in seLisoLi, also fish, gamlle, c?., whlih of course also must hie of eixcip'.ionai quality litnd sic to ind dllsliltalic itol lthese, colullitis, or onl to hi staile. Siecielnles of the alove, sl it uatiy bte as well to udd, lliiy hie left with thet Biliols Mairksman, who, of coul re, will forivarl tlhanl oil to teeditor-sutiiii lof thtiui uat all teveis. Anld apropos of sllailte yarns, a good and veritllll olin hae just coelle to mny hullts from lo less aill authority thltn the asuiabll and veritable s lr. lhitlstol, of tllhe Ollonial Ililtk heire inI Lilydalo. It appears ;Mr. B.istol, togetllher with ID. Ki?y, lsq., J.P, the Imanager of the aifores litd bank, wenit inI i tisllhiig iexcursiol to the Yorlr li?tSat. utrdy wu.ck. 'They hIld somle fa:ir spot l , includling to nice colllih 7:his weight whl elllutIled. O*iher sport too they had which ilos noit hlariihlanld fir, viz , hookillg ais LfIt hiultc Slllake. It iappear.. thlie pair y were tilinig it eieurely it tllh lidlll e of the daluy wlhen they obsliservel hisl stuakeship alil hitltg hisa way aoross the river ; liobservinig his etiliiiea, and beinrg of is lively diiepsition, fit s a\\\a ablout playfiully, whlen oneu of the party tllhrowing li linii d*exterIIously liolked Ih inlukfellow ii thie Ibelly andl drvew him to land. The landiing phtica bltilng steep and thil snake aiii citie anlid deadlyl.lookltig, a littloaskill wnai requisite itn getting lit hilm. lowIevwer, lie nus tiltitiately addedl to Ilthe other trolphieis of the tripl Vo lunnlay of us knolw whit a tbanker's grip li like; oven the lsnakoes Psuccumb to it. The Axoioin's Assoclntionl of Yarra Gleul, It apipears, is to Ilave i field day lit lils noltablel township otl Easter Mlotndayi,,l ano s soille of the crick woodouttnrs of the colonly aro to cum. pute, andl furtheraioro, as lr. Rene Ydll, i the onorgethu," is tile hlion aseretary, It Is sure to be a success., A cieioost of this sort is well worth seeiig, espieoally as there are nxellonti i lanid l rounld Yarra Glhn who can knook spots--fvofl oI a O?aldian. 