Fashion Notes. By Bluebell. No one can attend a ball or other society function nowadays without noticing how tho modern woman de lights to dress herself in gorgeous ap parel, and sparkle in diamonds. At one time in our world's history, such emblazonment on the part of any one hut rovaltv would be treated with imprisonment. Things seem to have changed altogether in this go-abead nineteenth century. _ Royalty,- on the., contrary^is distinguished by ita sim plicity. The unobtrusive style in which Royalty can dress and travel -round is enough to make august ghosts stare. Take, for instance, our most gracious Queen. On her recent visit to Nice the Mistress of the Robes and Royal dressmakers had a very busy time preparing her costumes for Continental wear. We are told that the latest in-door toilet of the Queen is simplicity itself, and becomes Her Majesty charmingly. The dress is a figured design in black silk, and trimmed with velvet and satin. The circular 'skirt is full, and cut with three gores, the front one -with the unnotched side 'aid to the fold of the fabric, which avoids a centre seam. Each of the front seams is outlined with a narrow band of velvet, with a tabbed end a few inclies from the bot tom, which is held back by a black velvet button. The bodice is round at the waist, where it is joined by a small circular basque of satin, covered with another baBque outlined with black lace. The baok of the bodice is seam less, joined by two side pieces, while the front haB a tight fitting lining, covered with a round yoke of velvet, met by the material front, which is pleated in the centre of the waist. The bodice fastens in centre of the front, the double breasted section hooking at the left side. The sleeves are of the new and fashionable tucked gigot design. Such is our . Queen's latest in-door gown, and the cat that looked at Her Majesty and then at her own mistreas would be bound to scratch her head, and decide tbat her mistress was the Queen, and the Queen some other Mrs. Smith. While talking of Royalty, some of the ways of our Queen will not be unwelcome to our readers. When Her Majesty gets comfortably seated in the RoyaL travelling saloon, she quietly munches a biscuit, and after having been about three, quarters of an hour on her Journey, she takes a few tiny sandwiches. . These are great deli cacies, and here is t*he recipe. Take a dozen of round or oval rolls of bread, about tho size of an egg. A small piece is cut off the top of each, about the size of a half-crown, and all the crumb is removed from the inside. These rolls are then filled with the following preparation. First shred the white meat from the breast of a roast chicken, and put this in a baBin. Then cut very fine tbe fillets of Bix waBb,ed anchovies, and tongue and dressed ham, equal in quantity to the chicken ; add a few shreds of Indian mango, a little chopped tarragon, and chervil, as seasoning. These sandwich rolls jmuat be covered with circular napkins until handed round. ' One of the wilful Princesses, I hear, has been in the sulks for three weeks, because she is not allowed to ride a bicycle outside the grounds. When admonishes she announced that if she was forbidden a bicycle she wouldn't dance, and forthwith shut herself up for three wpeks. Quite recently she Appeared at a ball for the first time afteir the sulks. She is described as tbe darling of the Court, this Princess ; she is loved by everybody, and is im mensely happy herself. She hiis two fine boys, of whom she is very proud. 