NOVEL. ; -A. ft© Troublesome Lady. Bf'PATIEM SfAPLBTOS. on v.— Contdtoed. .. '.Bear Craig/ the letter ended, 'I think I .to getting senile, for I begin to donbt my lest.. friend. Do yon. know where Mrs. .Mhmy.is, and- have yon known all the time? S believe yon until I know to the contrary on iionorawa m«n, i ©nail tains you a scoundrel if my suspicions should ho verified. At least mate Mib. de Bestand write to that poor distracted annt wandering about the world looking for her. It is like uprooting .a plant to tear an old woman away from her -home.' Oliver wrote a few lines in reply ; 4 Son E&i; tetter return before paresis sets zn z you will "be fewdVy cared f Qr h$X9t fv,VvAJ, Q£/vvtniU£y j U m iTviv vmv Jiitvu Jutl i BuggoBi, 1 ought to he in the penitentiary, i ."I assure yon I Mow nothing of Mra do ! -Eestand. I have never heard from her: and . the teat that I aasiated in sanding such an ir- . ..responsible young person sdrift in the world Will always be a worriment to me.' ? . : So there wore many hearts to he lightened hy Mrs. Minny's appearance j hut of this she , had no knowledge. Her lightest -moments, would have been saddened if she could have seen a gaunt old woman over- . naming a shuddering horror in some great \- city and then venturing timidly to sea a dead feea in the morgua,— an unknown, young .. and beautiful, found dead. Nor would. Mrs. . Minny. have known herself as pictured hy -the trembling lipB of that fast- aging old vomaaij — 4 the dearest, prettiest little thing, and as innocent as a child Truly, t<? dis- appeariu this worldis to leave behind a . toil of broken hearts and long days of . woxriment and pain. Sad enough in contrast . ia zo.be among the micoing with no human ._ being Mt te am, to ask, and to ha buried __ifl the potter's field, — to have been, a bright- eyed bahy -loved on its mother's breast, hoped for hy her fond imagining, dreamed of in the great future, quel t© the fuffikneat, uuctairaed clay. - OHATTERYL ' t/Vhen the train in which Doctor Jblin was returning to Denver suddenly stepped at & Elaee where there was only the emall brown ©use of a switehman, the doctor looked out of the window with relief. He thought it very hard that on his first trip across the : plains In so many years there should ho only stupid peoplo in the eat, not a congenial soul with whom to compare the present times with the old. Doctor John had crossed, the plains " m an GX-w&gon;, and he would so have liked . to discuss that voyage with some pioneer or \- new-comer eager to hear albout it. He sup- posed there was an accident ; there had been two stops already about the hot box. A crowd passed the window carrying some- 'thing— he conid not see what, for those \- standing around. Se armed Mb neck, his professional instincts aroused. : A WCl'tied-lcoMilg woman in the door of. \- the brown house seemed to be denying the sufferer entrance -with animated gestures and angry' shakes of her frowzy -head. Three . . -white-haired little children hung to her sRiltSj / aad she pointed to them in proof of her as- serrio no. Pooler John half iobr ag tho dos' dnotor oa mo in tho ear. 4 II there a doctor here?" tha mm said, eagerly. There's a woman very sick i just taken, from the day-coach. That hag out \- - there -wouldn't hardly give her shelter.' ' ,Ttfhat seems to be the matter asVecl 1 v- J>octoir Joim "briskly \- - thg tor tesiteteti ; ' Well/ sitt tihtfa & young woman, bull think she's married.' >/'. The ladiea inrhe oar took np their hooks ' in. disgust. An elderly, portly man. in front i- of Boater John homed himself behind Ms newspaper ; Dec tor John know him to he a , ..phyeician. ' I'm a doctor,' said Doctor John, gather ing up his belongings. 4 J shall be glad to see -vra&D; can qo. 'You may he detained oyer a train,' hesitated the official j 'and she's oyidently r- poor,— hasn't any baggage. ' I am, fortunately, a bio to attend to the . suffering without having my pay dangled , before my eyes to spur me on,' growled Doctor John, passing the lady readers with looks of disgust. ' iTot one of 'em offered even a shawl : and the sick creature X snp- pOBO is destitute. Ho puehea through the crowd gathered \- about the home, and dispersed them with very vigorous English. A pleasant, f seed . yoaag man handed him a i 'ell cf bUk . 1 1 collected that in our Pullman. We're 1 not all so heartless as yon say.' 1 ' 'So that's yo-a, Jimmy "Watson, smiled viio uOf/POi/ ' yons ftr(io2i voxoro &1210 I thought you were just a dude. l fihall tell « vonr mother there is hope for yon.' . " .'Thanks/ laughed tha y&mger; man. ' There's twenty-five dollars. 1 suppose though, your fees gobble it all up.' 4 To the last cent, Jimmy : that's why I "" got off the oar. Se shut the door smartly in the face of the crowd, and, finding the ' switchman's wife in the email hall, said, severely, 'I suppose you call yourself a ' Christian woman, ma'am.' ' There hain't no meeting-house in this forsaken, country . not for forty milc,_ jest ' plains/ she said, sourly. ' and having a family of iny own," I ain't obliged, if my jftSM do wok on the railroad, to take into my house strangers with complaints as may be catching.' 'Wflll, this is, I take it,' grinned tho doctor, ' to your sex.'S She smiled a little grimly, and took up- her youngest child in a motherly sort of' way that pleased the keen observer. 'You've got a kind heart; your tongue rune away with you, that's all. And now do your besfc for the sich woman. I have plenty of money to pay you.' ' I— I put her in my bed,' sail tha woman, shyly. 'Sha'sa pretty little thing, aud is clean cut of her head, bnt she ain't no wedding- ring.' 4 Well, she is punished now, poor girl, for her share in the wrong - doing, without yOU and me saying anything, 'All aboard : sounded outside. As tho train rattled away, Doctor John went softly to the little room where tha emigrant woman lay unconscious Of this, war Id, so nearly on the threshold of the next. In the chill gray of early dawn Doctor John came out in the kitchen, where Jonas kXacon, the switchman, sat over the fire ; he had been forced to sloop in his chair tho long night after a day's wort. The hospitality of the poor often means personal depri vation. 1 Is she goin1 to live ?' asked the man. ' I hope so. The haby is a fine boy.' I Both on 'em better dead, i£ -what wife thinks of her is true,' sighed the man. ' As for the hoy, if he must grow up and work as I've done, never gettin' no further, he won't thank you for a- savin' of him.' 4 He may turn out a great man some day ; and then,' said Doctor John half to himself, — 'she is not a common or uneducated woman, the mother,— he may be the better for the stoiy ofiia birth, strive to rise the higher for it' 'Likely as not he won't. Them 'aylum children don't amount to much in general. Takes a migjEty smart mart fio como out ike mTul-' ' "STcmx "wife kas done nokly ky ker?' said the doctor, ' he hm the hegt heart. 'She is kindj muttered tho man# 'an' she hnw stood, ahont eyeiytMif a ivonian can stan. I'll git my own breakfast. Ton tell her to torn in. an' sleep with the Mis awhile.7 Tha doctor <weut dack to bis patient, ana 3£rs. Siacon krongkfi Ike -flaTmsl bundle oht by the stove. .Later tkei ckxldren -were wild about it. Did the train. -leave ihe baby? were they going to have it: always? and could they see in the windows of the trains, as they passed, lots of baby faces looking out for mothers to take them ? At night, Mrs. Maeon woke the doctor, who was taking a nan on the children's ! bed. 1 1 think, sir/ she said, worriedly, ' the the little lady is gone out' of her head. She's feeling round in the bedclothes for a dog, and calling one pitiful -like.' 'I have been a blind fool',' cried the dootor. 'I felt all the time I'd ought to know her.' He ran to the sick-room, and, luoWy, had some quieting medicine in bis easo. The sufferer, however, resisted long, as eke slept sighed, and one tiny hand felt around nervously, while the other, clinch ed hard in the sheet, resisted all pres sure to open it. The next morning the white-haired ch'ii- dren "were very <juieij tkey played a long" way from the kg use# and towards ©yeaiug Dootor John tept them by him in the Mtohen telling stories. To this day the youngest one looks m vain for a haby to come by train that shall be his own property, an illusion created hy the doctor's stories. ' She's asleep/ said Mrs. Maeon, coming out, 4 and here's a .little purse I found in her pocket. X couldn't get it Before fior looney ae eke kas keen all day# eke wateked me if X went near her things. A shabby little purse containing only a five-dollar bill and a card,— Craig Oliver's with his office address. 'I didn't need this to tell me,' said the doctor. ' She is a married woman all right, Mrs. Macedon -. her name is Minny de Res- fcaud, and her people are well-to-do. How she came here 1 haven't the faintest idea ; she disappeared last fall, and her aunt has searched all over the country for her.' ' 'You're the kind doctor who stayed off the train on account of me/ she said, faintly. 1 Yeu were ever so good, but I'd much rather have just died. She' (with a weak, glance at Mrs- Macedon \ 4 told me akcut you..' 1 6.$Xost women "would ke pleased witktkat "j nice little kaky. '"Would they?1 -indifferently. 'It hag bl&oh; eyes, and is 3D ugly. Besides it has no sense. My dog Mew everything. 'Tail tat!' saoldedthe doctor.' ' that is mt pretty talk.' ' You act- like my old-maid aunt.' 4 Wer en' t your dog's eyes blaot too, Mrs. Minny f 'How did you find my name f she cried, piteously, ' And you can't call me that ," , for soma one I lovo deafly h?s that name ( forme. ' Ton said it when out of your head,' said Doctor John, asloily. ''Now go to sleep.' 'But I've got lota of things I must attend to about him,' looking at the baby curiously, ' You sce, having him mates me different, I feel I must do things for him I don't want totell. ' To-night will do.' f T min?hf flia 1 'You are not in the slightest danger, nor is the hoy ; and, though yon have had your own way a longtime, — possibly too long, — you must mind now.' She obediently closed her eyes, and in the late afternoon when Dootor John, returned greeted him with a radiant smile, i 4 X'm <juito sure I am going te die,' Bhe i said, happily, ' and you don't know how 1 glad I am, I feel so good and sensible, I 1 know I can't live long. NowTMnt you to ' write out legally all about the child and me, how I came here. His name is to he SWn- . cois — French for Francis, yon know— de ; Restaud, after his grandfather, who h, a 1 general In Vrance. Has father's name is Henri fie Hestand, My name, which is- funny, is Minerva Patten de Itestaud, and my "old aunt Hannah Batten, in Newcastle, Maine, has my marriage certificate and all my other papers. She took them away when she visited me up in the valley of the Troublesome. She was afraid my husband might take them from me and say we were not married If he wanted to go hack to his people in Tails. I never wanted to see any of .them one member of the family WU0 enough' with the ghost of a emile) ; bnt the baby has made me see things differently. The family are very rich, and there is only one heir, Henri's older brother's son. TTenri said he was siekly, Ms mother's family being ; consumptive. That little baby may grew up : a man, and he would hate me because I had . not looked after Lis interests. Of course it 1 will Beetn strange to people in 3?rance that I ' was here without anybody, and that is why' X waut you and tho Ktaoons to Tfitaesa a leg&l; paper telling all about it.' ' I have half a mind to send to Denver for a lawyer/ said Doctor John. 4 Xf tho little boy's claims should oyer be disputed,— and they might, youhnoTV,— it would be best to havo everything right. Besides, the French people are great for documentary evidence, eertifieatofl rtf births, and such t?ur>„a ' 1 1 suppose you had better/ -she sighed, lying hack on her pillow, 4' but X hate any more people to know. I'yohaft SUCh a long peaceful time, I am sorry to have to go back , to quarrelling. ' Mt'fl. Minny, before yon go to sleep I -will tell yon something, hut yon must not ask a question, for yon have talked enough. X know all about you. I was Craig Oliver's gnest last fall, ana I have seen and talked to your aunt Hannah; so you need not th'mh me a stranger, but an old friend eager to serve you.' She caught his hand with her frail little Ione and turned her face away "without speak ing. He sat by her until eke slept, and ho felt, as Oliver had done, that she was a woman, and doubly dear by that clinging helplessness. a. week had Mrs, Minny been sick at the switchman's house when Doctor John tele graphed to Oliver to send a lawyer to the station. He also added, ' If Hannah Patten is in Denver, send her. along.' Se had tele graphed to Newcastle and found she was not there. "When by special order tho train stopped at the lonely brown house, Dootor John was on the watoh. He went daily to the took for papers, ha ring established comin unica« tion with different conductors. Se had re. ceived no answer to his message sect the day before, and he surmised that Oliver, with. his usual attention to business; and sent a lawyer directly the message was received- Thc station was only a night and port ' of a day's ride from Denver, To hie surprise and dismay, Oliver himself Btepped. down from the train, turned, and assisted a tall lady to descend, a lady much hardened with parcels and carrying a large bosket. There was he chance to speak ants the train was gone: then Miea Fatten daid, calmly — . ' Where is she ?' The doctor pointed to the house. 4 I must tell her first/ ho said, in a whisper . 4 she is still very week, and tho surprise might upset her, "Where did you come from P ' Bosting. I've traced her, hut went on to Denver instid, an' was In Mr. Oliver's office ' when the telegram come. Him being a law yer, I persuaded him to come too.' _ "While she spoke, the basket in her . hand tilted Up and down, and a mysterious whine came out of it. Mrs. Minny, wide awake, was being entertained hy the white-headed trio : they were discussing whether they would rather have a baby or a dog to play with : they decided in favor of the lfttter, for they had never had a canine friend, while there was a new baby every year or so: in fact, the oldest girl had a care-worn look on account of her duties as nurse. In the door of the house appeared a white-headed child who called out shrilly — ' Lady wants to know what's Bqueaking out here.' 4 Says she's going to get np and see, if Doctor. A- corns don't come and tell her.' shrieked a second white-head, Miss Fatten opened the basket, ann a Huffy mass of disapproval bounced out, spun around, and made a vicious dash at Miss Patten's ahkles, while she stood a statue of patient endurance. ' I'm used to it . BCe hates the basket/ she said, shaking him off. 4 1 -can't blame him, for JL' ve fetched, him clear from Bosting 4 Says she just knows it's her dor g,' yelled tho third white-head ; and the dootor, with various inane cajolements, coaxed the dog to the house. DueMly, Mrs. Macon removed the infant ; for, with a wild hark, Skye leaped on the hed, kissed Ms mistress's wan face, her hands, uttering joyful little barks, and then, remembering old days, curled himself in a little round heap at her feet, looking at her with affectionate eyes. 4 Put the baby down and see if he'll growl,' commanded Mrs. Minny, You heartless thing',' scolded Doolor John, Mrs. Mac on gingerly laid the baby on the bed . Skya sat np all interest and amaze ment, then with depressed de meaner slunk to his feet and scuttled over the side of the bed out of the room. How Mrs. Minny laughed! Miss Fatten heard her. 4 It's many long days since I could, laugh,' she said., grimly, tjux? m vmj a uuuu, a qui isilrol, JJt-u wished he bad not come ; he should have sent Ms clerk. ' Is Aunt Hannah cut there ?' asked Minny, softly. ' Yes. She brought the dog.' ' Is she very, very angry with me ?' pite- onsly. 4 1 did not want to be caugbt and. made to go bomo, )X want to tell her, though, if she worried, how sorry I am,' ' She can come if you will he quiet and let her do the talking,' cautioned Dr. John. Til be good,' she answered, eagerly. ' 'Yon Mow 2 do everything you toll me to. ' What will she think of him ?' — with a look , of pride at the red-faced bundle. 4 After . that she can never call me frivolous again. I i Why, she's (juite a young thing in ex perience beside mo, "Wasn't Bhe good to i bring my dog T 1 Aunt Hannah meant to he severe and 1 cold, perhaps to speak her mind a little ; 1 she had not forgiven the long, anxious 1 months ! but the sight of the girl lying there : white and frail, the hahy in her ' arms, softened the stern old face, and with a sob she knelt down and. gathered, both to her breast. CHAPTER VH. ' Craig, said Doctor John, sitting down ' on a nail -keg, ' why did yon come here?' ' Because yau sent for a lawyer and far Miss Patten. I connected the mystery with the young lady I had assisted to ran away, whose fate has been a good deal of trouble to me ever since. I wanted to help her, if need he. Is she very ill ?' 4 Qetting better fast, Xt was mad. folly to start on a journey sick as she waB, I don't blame yon, Craig, for that long ride and the risk you ran: she is very winning, this troublesome ' little lady, and brave too. It is a wonder what a woman can endure, a TTvllAOA liAM An TT/itl AAnl/? DUOul ou w iiuao uauua J wu crush, m your fingers.' ' Bat she had/ said Oliver, uneasily, 'plenty of money, had she not ?' i 4 &he; was travelling in the day-coaoh, and ' has, I think, about five dollars in a shabby 1 little parse , Miss Fatten was right when 1 she said we could not see Miss Minny until the money you gave her was all gone. Where has she been all these long months ? By her finding the dog, Miss Patten probably knovssnow.' I 'Yes, and it was as I thought,— something "' entirely original. If ear Boston Mis. do Bes tead got acquainted with an elderly female who ran some sort of a retreat far aged pats, invalid dogs and cats. The idea was so novel Mrs. Minny decided to stop over aud see place. ' jTo be CoYrrrsraiiD » Tliere are specailsts in London, Paris and other European cities who undertake the treatment of red noses, The congestion of blood in theso organs is relieved by eertain processes which aro kept secret by the operators. It is said, however, that satis- factory results aro frequently attained, and a reddened proboscis may be properly bleached in a mouth or six weeks. Feinting ink is made of linseed oil, resin soap, and lamp-black or other colouring matter. The sense of smell In a bloodhound la of very remarkable delicacy. Dloodhounds race a fugitive by the small portion of animal odour loft by Mo hoots or clothing, and so keen is their scent that they will frequently follow with ease a trail twmifcy-toui' hours old. When tracking a man on horseback 1 they will jump up from the ground and Bmeli ' at the hushe» which he brushed aside In his 1 course- ' The most extonam loivreas m tno world is Fortress Monroe , in Virginia, U.S.A. At Berlin, Prof. Virehow's assistant has succeeded in photographing a chloroformed frog with Routgen rays, in which the lungs of the frog in the act of breathing aire dis tinctly seen. At the battle of Austerlltz 170,000 men were engaged. At Waterloo 145,600 men fought, and of that number 50,000 were killed or wounded. One statistic, if there is snch'a thing, in the English Registrar-general' b return, is odd — exactly the 'same number (110) of divorced men and divorced women re-marriedlast year 