HE A VEX. By Charles Gore, M.A., Canon of Westminster. " ?"e\v imto him that is able to do exceeding al'.un danliy above all thai we ask or tliinb, according to ilie j'.o'.ut thai woiketh in us, unto him bo the glory in the cl.mvJi and in Christ Jesus unto all genera tions for ever ami ever."—Kjili. iii. 20, 21. There tire times when we look out upon the sin, the folly, the misery of mankind, :ui<l_ are tempted to cry with the Psalmist, "Wherefore hast Thou made all men for naught V" There is no effort after good, thero is no attempt to avoid evil, there is no patient suffering, there is no good work which shall not find in the world that is beyond death an issue so glorious that all men shall confess without hesitation that the suffering and the labor were worth while. That which is to come then shall be, according to the Divine power, above ail that tve can ask or think. Ail wo have dreamed or hoped or willed of good shall exist, not its semblance but itself, when eternity confirms tho conception of an hour. Anil tins great issue of all human effort, this far-off Divine event, is what we mean by heaven. Of course it must he admitted, first of all, that we are by tho Divine Providence under riie discipline of ignorance. "We see," St. Paul says, " through a mirror, in a riddle, through a glass darkly." We know a part, beyond all question a real and serious part, of our discipline in this life is the discipline of ignorance, the discipline of asking questions for which in our present state we shall obtain no answer. Thus there are multitudes of questions which our natural curiosity suggests which we cannot here and now answer at all; but when we look at the matter from the other side, so far as it . is concerned r,ot with satisfying our specula tive curiosiiy, but with making our faith firm, and our hope sure, and our love active, from that point of view, if in part only, yet really we do know—we know Loth that heaven is and, within limits, what heaven is. Once more, if Ave think about heaven our imagination first of all runs on to the picture language of St. John's apocalypse ; Ave think of the neAv heaven and the new earth, glorious in its freshness; we think of the city, the neAv Jerusalem, coming doAA-n irom God out of heaven adorned like a bride arrayed for her husband ; A\\-e think of its streets, and gates, and spaces, and founda tions, its buildings, each a several gem Avith a flame of color as its heart; avc think of the all perA-ading glory of light; we think of the running AA-ater, the river of Avater clear as crystal; Ave think of the green trees AA-liose leaves are for the healing of the nations, which yield all manner of fruits, and yield them every month; Ave think of the orderly move ment of bright-clothed men and women in joyful multitudes. All this appeals to the heart of a child and to that child-like heart in lis Avhich through all our days unto old age brightens our life with joy and song and movement. Still, we must penetrate behind these pictures and ask oursel\'cs—Is there any real picture of the heavenly life, any real knowledge of its principle, its meaning, its occupation, which can practically be of serA'ice to us herein our toiling and struggling and suffering life? I ttiiuk that if Ave put together those intima tions A\\-hich • the inspiring Spirit gives us avc , shall And that wc are not erring if Ave say that heaven is to be a perfect life of Avorship and service and felloivship in God. It is first of ali to be a life of Avorship. " I saAV no temple therein; for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temples thereof." That is, they I have get beyond the special time and places of | worship because Avorship has become a per manent activity, a permanent attitude of the human spirit towards God. And they have got beyond asking Avhich belongs to the state of pilgrimage, of misery, of sin, of need; their occupation is not asking, hut rather recognis ing and adoring God as He is, as they are permitted to behold Him. Theyrecognise and adore God iullis A\\-orks of nature. " Thou art Avorthy, O Lord, to receiA-e the power and the glory and the honor, for Thou hast created all tilings, and for Thy pleasure they Avere and wvre created." They adore Hiip in the great mystery, the mighty Avork of His re demptiA-e lo\\-e. "Worthy the Lamb that, was slain to receive the power and the honor and the glory, for Thou hast redeemed us unto God by Thy blood, and hast made us a kingdom of priests unto God the Father." They recognise God as He has manifested Himself; they recognise God in all tilings and all things in God, and thus recog nising they fall prostrate, the four-and-twenty elders, representatives of our perfected humanity, and cast their crowns before the Throne; they fall prostrate, not because it is a servile attitude, not as if there Averc anything in it ignoble or dishonoring, hut because the fulness of their being rejoices to OAvn their utter dependence upon God their Creator, their Redeemer, their Sanctifier. It is a life of worship. And it is a life of service. Here our bodies continually hamper tire desire, the movements, the aspirations of the spirit. They are bodies of Aveakness, of AA-eariness; a they Avear out. Beyond death aa-© believe in tire resurrec tion or tho body — a body which shall be altogether spiritual, altogether tho per fect expression of movement and aspira tions of the Spirit. There Avas a time when this doctrine of the faith formed to people's minds an obstacle perhaps greater than it forms now. And, indeed'it had been weighted Avith a conception almost impossible to our imagination and to our reason, the conception that the material particles of our present body, after the decay and dissipation of the grave, were to be somelioAV collected together again and made up again into the material of the risen body. It was a conception altogether unnatural, altogether unnecessary.. St. Paul sug gests to our mind tho analogy betAveen the seed that is sown and the plant that is grown, but the analogy suggests rather the connection of life, the connection of vital principle betAveen our present bodies and the bodies of the resurrection, not a connection in the material particles which compose them. And setting aside this imaginary difficulty, the idc-a itself of a resurrection body is, I say, one Avhicii ought not to offer_ an obstacle, but the opposite, to our imagination, to our thoughts, for, indeed, Ave knoAv all we know about this human spirit of ours through its poAA-<-r of acting in the organisation, in the body. The difficulty to us is rather to con ceive what kind of human life is at all possible when the spirit is disembodied. The perfect life is a life in which the human gather without hampering, and Avithout weariness, expresses its perfected movement and fading and aspiration. And that per fected body shall be in a perfected Avorld, a world -.vitrei: in everything and throughout reflects manifestly and plainly to our minds the eternal purposes of God. So Ave conceive, and Aye read how the glory and the honor of the Gentiles are to he brought within the light of ;I.e Holy City—the glory and honor of the Gentries, all that has made life Avorthy, all that bus uindq it distinguished any where in the AAxrid. We look around, and, alas! Ave see on ad sides how great faculties of men exist either in hostility to the faith of Christ or in indifference to it. The gifts of the poet, how often have they been lavished in directions, at least, altogether isolated from the conscious revealed pur poses of God I The_ gifts of the poet, the girts of the architect, the gifts of the politician, the gifts of the philosopher, the gifts of the investigator of nature, all the gifts which make human life Avorthy, distinguished and n-jbre. All the glory and honor of the nations are to b© brought into the light of the holy city. There AA-e are to enjoy a felloAvship, a fellowship in the life of God, a felloAvship in everything that can make human life noble, in which there is no faculty of body, or mind, or imagination, or spirit, but is glowing ivith the light of God, and find ing its highest inspiration, its supreruest joy, in acknowledging Iliin, in minister ing to liim in I he uoav heaA'en and the ul".v eartli. There is a story of one of tire greatest of Christian theologians, St. Thomas Aquinas. When he Avas a young | mar. in a monastery school he had the rephta-I lion o: ix-rny slow and heavy—the "Dumb Ox" they caik-d him, and on one occasion the qu-sti'm v.-.v; I wing passed round among the iV.ys in siie convent school Aviiat they most iiVx> think a'.-aul in their ideas of heaven, •me sard on.- tiling and anuther another until it cam to Thomas, and he replied, "I love tin- i~M—• His s<-rvants shall serve Him.' " It i -hi".- of ivorship, it is a life of service, audit i. fit,- (.f fellowship. We are accus tomed to say that Gad made the country and riin in.-.h- ihe town; but the perfected life jf humanity, the life of heaven, is described to us as the life of a city—it is tile city ofGod. I' after ali the human fellowship is the highest thing rightly understood— a higher tiling than felloAvship AA'ith the thus that perfected manhood, that perfected sociufej oi heaven, is ttie faoeictv of a citv*~a city luli oi orderly movement ion in masses, ot great multitudes which ro man could number. It is the life of worship, it is the life of service, it is tho life of fellowship, and m the full, the unrestricted, the all-ner vacanjj, life of God, The tabernacle of God is with men, and He will dwell with them and walk among them. It is fellowship in the i i'■ Tlore we a re always drawing back from too light, always clinging to the darkness, but nothing ot that can pass to the heavenly city, .the worship is the worship of God, the service is the joyful service of a present King and Master, the fellowship is the union of intellects and hearts and spirits in God who made ns and jUM'vadcs us. Heaven—these are the principles of its life, those are the elements that make up the heavenly life ; but then we know that this heaven can only be, by the very moral _ necessities of the case, tho per petuation of what already exists now. So it is that St. Paul speaks of God as able to do exceedingly abundant above all that wo ask or think, but it is according to tho power that workcth in us here and now. The heaven to to which we look forward must l:e the develop ment of what is already at work in the spirit as we are alive here. That after all is one J main lesson of our Lord's Transfiguration. I The Transfiguration of our Lord in the moun- i tain was a sort ot anticipation of tho glory of His heavenly Btate, and it signifies this that then, in the life of llis mortality, in that life of failure and approaching ignominy and suffering and disaster, still that heavenly glory was hidden within Iiis being; it was cloaked, it was covered up, it was invisible to the eye of man, but junder the veil of suffering and humiliation there was the secret hidden light of glory. That is the question we have got to ask ourselves. This we may say is a happy place. IVe mean by that that the citizens of heaven are happy in the light of God, but we need to think what that means. You will re member that passage in Isaiah of tremendous power where ho speaks of God's coming de sire, and then he continues, ''The sinners in Zion are afraid; trembling hath sur prised the godless ones. Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? Who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings:" Tin's devouring fire, these everlasting burnings, are only the holiness of God—the holiness of Gq<],_ always intolerable to that which hates the light; and the answer to the question, who can dwell with the devouring fire, who can dwell with everlasting burnings? is that the righteous man can do it—"He shall seethe King in His beauty, lie shall behold a far stretching land." That is the lesson we have learnt. Heaven, if we are to enter it, must be the working out of what is already the secret life within us now. Is this life of worship, of ser vice, of fellowship in the light of God, not a thing living and active, at present'under tho veil of your mortality ? If not, we may awake in the world that lies beyond death; we must awake in the world tiiat lies beyond death—only in the significant phrase of our ordinary talk—to find ourselves out of it. In the lower region of human society we know what it is to find ourselves among a set of people with whom we have no kind of kinship or bond of connection. We are un comfortable, we say; we feel out of it. That is an expression which wo may raise to its highest power, which we may feel with all the faculties of our imagination in order to con ceive what Scripture means by the outer darkness; it is that condition of the human soul when here and now it has framed itself in no_ way in its habit, its occupa tion, its aspiration, its desire to enter with awe, yet with enjoyment, the life that lies behind, into the fellowship of the life of God and of worship. Are you learning to worship ? ISot yet in that worship of heaven which is continuous, which is the permanent attitude of the soul and will towards God, but here in your Sunday worship, is it a real bringing of yourselves into the congregation of the Church universal, which throughout all the world acknowledges God the lather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost ? Is there a real bowing down of yourselves unto the will of God, a real pro strating of yourselves in will and intellect and heart before His holiness, His sovereignty, His love? Is there an acknowledging of His sovereign rights over you and your circum stances and all you have to ask, and is there in your daily prayer, in your reading of the Lible, is there an asking that is real and genuine, even if yet far off, a really serious asking for these spiritual blessings which God means _ to give you for the reforming aud perfecting of your character? Is there in you here and now the beginnings of worship ? No doubt you have experienced all those difficulties which are the common lot of the servants of God, You find vour thoughts wandering when you would "fain havo them attentive; you pass through a great period, when there seems an entire absence of the faculty of jirayer, and you cannot pray. Well, be patient; all good men have gone through these experiences and borne them. But the question is—Is there a real effort of your will to acknow ledge God arid bow yourself before Him ? Is there a real adoration of His glory, a real recognition of His trutn, a real desire to serve Him, a Teal lifting up of your heart to ask, to make petitions of Him for yourself and others ? If there is, then there is in you, imperfect but real, the seed of the life which is heaven itself. We fall indeed into a disastrous error if we allow the cant and the hypocrisy which there is in tho world to rid us of the belief in what is most genuine and serious and lofty in human life. Human life from the beginning of its procreation even to the end is a gift of God; from tho beginning we must treat it reverently, we must altogether refuse to tamper with it. vv e must train it in power and faculty, we must educate it, we must impress right ideals upon its dawning intelligence, we must bring it up, we must train it, we must nourish it always with this one central idea that we exist with faculties varying as God has made them; we exist to serve in our several departments, to do something which makes the world better, more honest, which pro motes fellowship, which brings men nearer to God and nearer to one another. Strange it is that ever it could have been imagined that the gifts of knowledge are in any antagonism to religion.^ Strange the delusion, strange that it should have ever entered into the minds of men that God, who is light, could ever favor any obscurity. True it is that a man may so occuny himself with certain branches of knowledge as that those faculties of his by which he is brought to God may suffer atrophy. If we train ourselves in natural knowledge we must train ourselves in the faculty of faith whereby we are brought to God. But there is never, and never can be, in the service of God any possible antagonism to the progress of right knowledge of all kinds and in all direc tions. All the faculties of knowledge, all the instincts of beauty, all the imaginations of the artist, everything that can subserve truth or beauty as to holiness, all go to the service of God, who is the supreme Light of truth. He is the altogether lovely as He is the perfectly holy. What we need to ask ourselves is whether, with whatever infirmity, with whatever faults, with whatever weaknesses, we are individually and in all with whom we are , concerned striving to view the faculties tSf human life, and to treat them as things winch are given us of God whereby to serve Him. Worship! Service! Fellowship! Is there in us that enlarged fellowship with men, that fellowship of a genuine persistent human love? Are wo striving to learn the realitv and I not only the name of brotherhood ? "There are differences of character m the family, there are painful_antipathies and discrepan cies ; are wo striving through recognising that to learn what human sympathy, even in the most familiar circuit:stantes, is? a painful thing, a thing of effort and struggle. Are we stnying to learn tho love in the narrower circle, and thus learning it in the narrower circle.' It is ever diffusing itself through our friends out into the world ? What an infi nitely vulgar, low, and debasing thing it is to desire to know people only because they are fashionable, _ or becausB we shall get credit from knowing them, or because we can get advancement from them ? What an infinitely vulgar aud degrading idea of human worship! And yet now it pervades what we call respectable society. The claims on winch fellowship should be based are claims, in part, of need ; that men need us and we can help them ; in part the claims of moral worth, that in knowing such aud such men we can know something worthier and better, or different sorts of worthiness and good ness and capacity, so that our ideal of human life becomes gradually enriched, ennobled, and enlarged, and the links of sym pathy go out, ever widening, strengthen ing, multiplying, till we become knit more and more into the whole structure of the great human race. _ That is tho question. Is the whole of our life, as far as our serious will and aspirations go, being _ framed in those three departments of worship, service, and fellow ship ? Is all we do going to be either worship or service or fellowship ? Because the things which are not one of these three are just those things of which the Apostles tell us that they cannot enter into the kingdom of God, that they who do those things must remain for ever without the city of God. The pride which will not bend itself to the recognition and adoration of God, the pride which dreams of being independent even of God, or the lust whereby we use our human faculties, the forces of our body according merely to animal appetite, and altogether i without regard to the moral and spiri-1 tual purposes which God has impressed I on human life; tile avarice with which I we use our human faculties to scrape! together wealth, without regard to those lii"h i purposes for which God gives us wealth to em ploy—all that is anti- social in disposition and character. The hatred, the jealousy, tho narrowness, the small divisions and antipa thies, tiie prejudices between class and class, ! between nation and nation, between man and : man, all tilings which are neither worship nor ■ service nor fellowship, are just tho qualities! which if wo tolerate them in ourselves! must perforce plant us with that miser able company which finds itself, by the moral character it has impressed cn its being, outside the city of God. But if in serious enterprise we take upon ourselves so to organise and plan our being that all we are and do shall be either directed Godward in worship or to the making the best of all our faculties for service, or to the knitting of our selves one to another in ever broader and larger bond3 of human fellowship, then, what ever be our imperfection, we shall be purged and perfected—purged in the discipline of this life, purged in the mystery of death, purged as it were by fire, the purification that may be beyond death, so that at last we may attain unto the life of the City of God. 