THE PEIMACY OF THE POPE. (To the Editor of the Church of England Messenger.) Deaii Sik — In the Eev. Canon Potter's excellent and unanswerable criticisms of Archbishop Carr's lectures on the Roman Primacy, which appeared in the Argus, he has more than once necessarily referred to the words of Christ — 'Thou art Peter, and on this rock I will 'build roy Church.' It is his opinion, as it is that of many other theologians and commentators, that in these words Jesus: meant the '-Kock' to- signify Christ Himself, or Peter's confession of Christ. ,No doubt the words themselves will fully justify such an interpretation, .but I, like many others, have always believed and preached that although the Lord may have indirectly and tentatively referred to the person of Peter, or his confession, or both,' He primarily and directly pointed to an event which had not then taken place — viz., the first sermon preached by St. Peter on the Day of Pentecost, when ''.the same day there were added unto them' (the 120 disciples ?then in Jerusalem who were not baptised Christians) ' about 3000 souls,' who ' were baptised' in the name; Qf Christ. It appears that the original and Hebrew name of 'Peter' was 'Simon the son of ? Jonas,' and that the second and Latin name of Peter (or Petrus) was, for some unknown reason, subsequently added, and by which he was sometimes called (Matt. iv. 18). A Latin cognomen was, on occasion, added to the Hebrew, just as ' Saul,' a Jew, took the Latin name of Paul (Paulus), although the addition was made for a different reason to Peter's, since the latter was not ' free born}' or a Eoman citizen. However this may be, St. Peter was, as subsequent events proved, the ' ro'ck' on which Christ built His Church. The 3000 Jewish , converts made and baptised in one day formed the substantial founda tion on which the. Christian Church was erected (the 'Church' being a 'congregation of faithful men'). Our Lord took advantage of Simon's adopted name, of Petrus (a rock) to indicate that he had chosen this apostle to establish His Church on sure foundations, by gathering in this vast crowd of Jewish converts on the day of Pentecost, under the influence of that spiritual power and enthusiasm which had been imparted to him by the recent descent of the Holy Ghost in the ' upper chamber' at Jerusalem. From this solid foundation of 3000 souls arose. the walls, and towers, and pinnacles of that visible Church of Christ upon earth, which, in a few subse quent centuries, spread itself over the whole of the Eoman Empire. — I am, yours, &c;, H. N. Wollaston. Buskin to His Oxford Students. — 'Bead your Bible, making it the first morning business of your life to understand some portion of it clearly, and your daily business to obey it in all that you do under stand. To an early knowledge of the Bible I owe the best part of my taste in literature, and the most precious, and, on the whole, the one essential part of my education.' , 