THE BATTLE OF YALU RIVER. " It was on the morning of September 1 7, 1894," said Captain M'Giffin, "that we first sighted the Japanese fleet. Our squadron — under Admiral Ting Ju Chang — had arrived at the mouth of the Yalu River, in convoy of transports, the day before. The disembarkation of the troops, which took place fifteen miles up the river, occupied the whole of the night. Next morning — Monday, the 17th — each ship went to general quarters, and we were busy exercising the ciews at the guns, when the Japanese fleet came in sight. It was a beautiful day, with a gentle breeze, and we could see and count the number of their ships distinctly. As soon as we saw the enemy, and before they sighted us, we up anchor and started after them. As they were steaming ahead, and we were lying still, they made more smoke than we did, and so we got sight of them before they perceived us. But when we started in pursuit they were immediately made aware of our presence by our increasing plumes of smoke. For a while they seemed to hold off, recon noitring. They must have known that we had six torpedo-boats and four gun boats, besides our regular squadron, and they consequently thought we were even more formidable than we really were, because the torpedo-boats and the gun boats were up the river ; and of the lot only two of the former joined us during the battle — and that when it was half over. . " While thus reconnoitring us," . con tinued .M'Giffin, " they, were going parallel to our squadron, and, to the eyes of Com modore Lin, seemed to be steaming away from us. I shall never forget the effect the sight had upon the poor fellow. We were on the bridge together, and upon seeing them, as he thought, move away, his face became beaming, and he cried out in English — he had previously been speak ing in Chinese — clapping his hands to gether and striding along the bridge as he did so, ' Goddam, they retire ! Goddam, they retire ! ' I said ' They do not mean to go away, captain. We shall have our fight.' " I was on the bridge taking the range when the action began, and all through the action I had little chance of seeing what was going on beyond the fighting of our own ship. I had time to admire the enemy's line of battle. But there was hardly time to admire the beauty of the scene before I was made aware that tbe action had begun in earnest by the Ting Yuen opening fire. We followed suit a minute or two afterwards, and the Japs soon replied to our music. It was curious to see the effect upon our officers. A shot passed over us : it was only a ricochet ; but it was enough to put all the fight out of the major part of them. Indeed, I may say that hardly one was seen after that. . I saw. our navigating lieutenant, a Foo- cliow man— all a cowardly lot — disappear, pale as a ghost, from the starboard turret at the second shot. I had occasion to give him a bit of my mind, or, rather, of my foot, a little later. Something had gone wrong with the training engine of one of the turrets, and I was obliged to go down into the armoured place below to put it to rights. As I was getting down, somebody caught hold of my. legs and tried to stop me, shouting out, ' There's no room for any more here — you- must go somewhere else to hide.' I looked down and saw the navigating officer and some half-a-score more crouching there in mor tal fear. J was so mad with the navigating lieutenant that I let him have one in the chest with my foot, knocking all the wind . out of him. They let ine go down after . that, and so I was enabled to put the engine to rights." No wonder the Japanese were victorious with such a foe. But even this was not the worst, for Captain M'Giffin found Commodore Lin — commander of the right wing, and his senior officer on the Chen Yuen — in an even still more degrading position than his officers. " Every now and then I heard a strange noise in the conning-tower below me," said the cap tain ; " it was more like the howling of a dog than anything else 1 can liken it to, and I was very curious to know what it could be. However I bad not time to inquire them But after a while I had occasion to go. down into the conning tower, in order to fight the ship, when, to my astonishment, who should . I see but my. , worthy captain ! He was lying grovelling on his stomach, jabbering as fast as lie could in Chinese — praying, in fact praying and cursing in the same breath — and every time a shot struck the ship he howled like a dog. I shall never forget the sight, nor the sound, as long as I live. I felt inclined to kick him, although I didn't. But all through the engagement I knew when a shot struck us by his howls, though otherwise I was too much taken up with the fight to have noticed the impact of the shots. II A n fl /vLfinn /if fho PAuu Vw/jm '' no X\J tuu UglltiUlQ Vi HIV vewi' J- said Captain M'Giffin, " the worst risk we ran was when she got on fire forward. I was in the conning-tower, from whence I had been issuing orders, when a fire broke out in tiie superstructure over the fore castle. It. had made considerable headway when I gave orders for a line of hose to be run out. We were then in the hottest of the fight, and the men refused to go unless a o. officer led them. There was only one willing to undertake the job — the gunnery lieutenant in the port barbette, a fine plucky fellow ; but we could not1 'spare hiiii on account of his, knowing so many of the Chinese dialects, and so I had to go myself? A nuinber"of men volun teered to follow me. We had no .sooner reached the forecastle than the awful fire of the enemy's guns began to tell upon us. One after another my men were fairly torn to pieces. A shot from a rapid-firing gun actually passed between my legs, wounding both wrists in its passage, and carrying away the tail of ray coat. I was bending over pulling up a hose at the time. A shell hit the tower, and as it burst a piece struck me. I had just re moved it when I received another wound in almost the same place, and from the same cause. "At this time we were being peppered by three of the enemy's ships at close quarters— one on the port side, one on the starboard, and one right ahead ; but the one on the port side was doing -the most mischief, and so the men at the two star board guns had been ordered to turn their guns round and try to silence the ship that was pressing us so hard on the port side. To do this, of course, they had to fire across the forecastle. When, there fore, I and the men who had volunteered to go with me to put out the fire were about to go forward, I ordered the head guuner at the starboard battery to cease firing at the vessel on the port side, and direct his gun3 at the ship right ahead, otherwise they would fire upon us. But the instant after I had turned my back a Bhot knocked the head gunner to pieces, ' and the man who took his place did not know that we had gone forward, and keeping the guns directed towards the ship on the port side, fired. The ex plosion blew all of us who were left off our legs. The man by my side, indeed, was killed. At the same time Ti shot from one of the enemy's rapid-firing guns ripped across my body, cutting quite a gash, but not doing any serious injury. I was rendered unconscious, however. For tunately I had fallen upon a hose that had been torn by a shot, and the water spurt ing from the rent fell upon my face and revived ine." Captain M'Giffin here explained that the two guns were six feet apart, and he was lying ten feet in front of No. 2 gun when No. 1 went off. " The flash of it," said the. captain, " was like an intense flash of lightning. It rendered me unconscious so quickly thlart, though I was so near, I did not hear the report of the gun. When I opened my eyes I saw that I was right in front of the muzzle of the other star board gun, and that my head was directly in the line of fire. I watched the training of the gun for a second or two ; then, realising that in another instant it would go off and I should be blown to pieces, I threw myself over the side of the super structure on to the deck below, a depth of some eight feet. As I fell the gun went off. I fell heavily upon my chest, and. a lot of blood gushed f roin my mouth, so that those who saw me thought I was dead, and left me where I was. I man aged, however, to get round into the superstructure, near a shell-hoist. I hadn't been there long before a shot entered and smashed into the uptake. I then asked two of the four men at the hoist to carry me farther aft, so as to get away from the stench of sulphur, for I could not walk. We had not moved far from the spot before a shell burst just where we had been, blowing the other two men . at the hoist to pieces. You will see the hole the shell made in the superstructure by this photograph." Captain M'Giffin is still suffering from the wounds he received on board the Chen Yuen, and he thinks that he will continue to suffer from them as long as : he lives. When in England there were still pieces of shot lodged in the flesh of his left side and leg, which kept the wounds from healing. Within the circumference of about a foot he seems to have been struck by at least from forty to. fifty pieces of shot or shell. How he > ever came out of the engagement alive is a miracle. " Our men," said he, " considered that I had a charmed life." In addition to his wounds his clothes got on fire, and one of his eyes was badly injured, so that during the latter part of the action he was nearly blind. — Strand Magazine. 