f .NOYJfii-- P; Bora's Defiance. u i j Mjf fifaftsagr, CHAPTER X. — (Coktetued.) Dora nodded and smiled ; then conscious I | suppose, that her silence evinced some cold ness of feeling, she bent down and embraced Madame softly. Madame responded by taking the girt s lair race m both hands and kissing it with sonorous effusiveness on both cheeks. 1 Voila !' she exclaimed, looking round | triumphantly at the company. 'The pro- : fessar was hurrying into the room with the required spoon. " ; ' Et toi, Dodolphe, tu no fais rien, you are % not a help at all !' cried Madame, turning to j.. ; her son with amicable reproach" i ' Mais si, maman, mais si.' Mais non, mais non. He have lost his heart to Mea« Dora— our dear Mees Dora — ; n'est-ce pas, Dodolphe ?' But certainly, mamma.' ' Thoughhe formulated this obliging answer, the young man's face, somewhat comical in its ugliness, wa3 meanwhile a distinct pro test against his mother's soft impeachment. : a His bright eyes, that were so like hers, danced and twinkled, and he showed white teeth freely as his cheeks puckered them- eelves into innumerable little hills and furrows. The professor shook a reproving head at his wife. i Madame only laughed. She knew that ; her husband's language was too elaborately j constructed for him to put thoughts into words with the rapidity of ordinary mortals. And so she rattled on. She was in the habit of easily out-distancing him in conversation. By the time the professor's well-rounded sentences were ready, Madame had meta phorically taken to her heels and was safe ahead. Thus it happened in the present instance. 'Dora, mon ange, sit yourself close to me — yes, that is right, bring a good seat for Mademoiselle your sister. Another cushion — n- >t that one, Dodolphe, the pretty one with the cerise ribbon. Mees (Jarpentaire. je vous en prie to diue here instead of at your hotel. It would not bo so triste.' ' Ho, thank you, Madame Loireau. Many thanks all the same. I will have a cup of : your good coffee, and then go on. j . ' Ah ! Tou will join us at the concert ; you and Mees Dora. But my petite cuisin- iere— you saw her just now — she would make you a bon filet, an omelette.' ' Thank you, Madame Loireau. You are too kind, hut indeed ' ' Dans nn clin d'oeil. ' Milly would rather v.e went to the inn ! presently, wouldn't you, Mill ?' said Dora, coming to my rescue. ' : If you prefer ' Madame shrug- ged ner .shoulders with affectionate resigna- tion. Like those of many Frenchwomen, her shoulders were capable of expressing the most vbriod emotions. ' Ce serait pour nous le plus grand hon- neur,' put in the professor. ' See, see, my coffee!' exclaimed, almost screamed, Madame. ' Ah, what a delicious ! Eh hien, Dodolphe, vieux faineant, va ! Yes, it is time — souffle done — mais vito, vite, aepeche-toi — so we put out the Barnes, the what you call the trick is done. Now you each must he served, Mademoiselle Milly the first. A cup to you — and to you, oiseau b.eu. Pour toi. Papa. Dodolphe can wait \- Comment, Claudio, you will not take coffee, my coffee ? You are not ill, mon garcon ? Allons done ! , 'No, no, smiled the young man. 'Iam not ill, madamc.' He had been standing silent and apart. He took np his violin again as he spoke, and resumed playing. But the music savored more of practising than of norfriT-fnin.r nriw I it seemed a kind of undercurrent to our lag- Ijrag.taik, and the sound brought to my mind some autumn days which I have known in wild countries, where pine forests moan and sing, and the wind plays on the strings and sinews of great trees, under a sounding- board of heavy storm-clouds. Last, not a least, the wailing tones, as they rose and fell, ,j never loudly or shrilly, reminded me of the ,j bound of the sea on our own beach. And tnere rose up before me a vision of Dora, as, a couple of short months since, she lay full- length on the cliff's green sward, with the harvesting close by, and the scent of clover about us, and the soft monotonous lapping of the sea below the cliff. CHAPTER XI. I was not prepossessed by Signor Claudio. \- 1 should never like bim, I knew that much already, audi grow sadder and sadder as I watched Dora's face, a clear page which told loo legibly how he had stolen away the heart that Edward "Wilmington had never reached. \- &nor; Claudio was a great musician. His .art and genius were beyond contention. A man who holds magic rule over the soul of a violm has the advantage of another voice, a mighty friend's voice, beside his own, to speak for him. Orpheus was bettor armed than all the warriors of Troy when he set out alone with his lute, to face dangers known and unknown, in search of Eurydice. I took Dora to London, and we com menced a dreary round of shopping. Dreary mosJ because of the girl's own in- .. difference. If I recommended bine silk, she acquiesced instantly ; if I veered round to rose-color, that particular shade of pink became for her the most perfect" tint in the whole world. I could see that clothes wore braced to her a "weariness of the soul, — i.e., a bat sausage to which she had so willingly alluded in former light- hear tep days, but concerning which she was utterly 1 silent now. And meanwhile her face grew pale, and her eyes sad, though when any one was present, she chattered with gayety — with levity, even — as of old, I used at this time to lie awake at nights, miserably unhappy, wondering what I should or could do. Dora resented any allusion to her Manchester visit. When I asked questions, she either answered dully, ' Oh, yes, Milly, it was very interesting,' or, ' Oh, no, I think not. I am not sure. I have forgotten.' But 1 was convinced that she had forgotten nothing. She never wept. She was not a girl for tears, hut she sat, dreamy and abstracted. Her spirit was in fairy land, listening to the far- off luring musio which still echoed in her ears. Once I summoned up courage and catechised her regarding Signor Claudio. Who was he ? Why, the greatest musician of the age. Where had die met? Why, at the Loireaus', as I was aware. Had she seen much of him ? No, not nearly so much as she wished. At last she flew into a rage. Ho had come to dinner twice ; she had heard him at a concert; she had inter changed six words," no, perhaps eight, or maybe ten, with him. Now was I satisfied ? What business had I to be always watohing her, poking and prying and suspecting, and teasing her as a cat teases a mouBe ? Why on earth couldn't I let her alone? What a horrid mind' I must have, to be sure, never to leave things alone ! Wasn't everything affright, and serene, and comfortable ? If she were pleased, and Edward -were pleased, why on earth must I go out of my way to try and set everybody at sixes and sevens ? This last reproach. I passed over in silence ; it seemed too absurd. Indeed, I could not answer at all for a moment ; my voice was crushed out of my throat. I could only gayfi- wonde'ringly at Dora, who eat gkjina-rrmc, white and furious. ' Is Edward ssiictTor is he not ?' she repeated rfGUcITing her hand and stamping jltrnooz. AJi, ye3, I knew well enough that Edward was ratisfied — so foolishly, utterly happy was he. It was beautiful to see his love and tmst ; and yet just that love and trust often made mo sad. Then my mind turned back to Dora. I went down on my knees before her, and took her petulant little hands in mine. ' Darling,' I murmured, ' I am not think ing of Edward now, hut of you. It is wrong to marry unless you love really. It is, Dora ; and, what is more, you will have no happiness. You are endowed with a deeper nature than you think yourself, Dora, my child. I have not studied you and loved you all these years for nothing.' Her hands lay quite still in mino; she looked me straight and fearlessly in the eyes. ' Milly, you are a dear, but for all that I believe I have more sense than you. Don't bother your foolish old head about me ; sometimes I think I'm not worth it. Any how, even your must own I can't do better than marry Ned ; and as for him, do yon fancy ho would thank me for throwing him over, or you for persuading mo to do it ?' Dcra was right. I was not sonsihle. I could not seriously wish her to break off a prosperous engagement for nothing. I could not wreck Edward "Wilmington's life and make hers desolate, all for nothing. What could I offer horginstead ? If Claudio had momentarily affected her young imagina tion by his charm of manner and wondrous playing, should I not he a born fool if I led her fancy to dwell upon him, when the most ordinary parent or guardian would, on the contrary, strive to divert her from such dan gerous contemplation, and assuredly urge her to rejoice in the excellent marriage which awaited her ? That very evening, strangely enough, Wilmington accentuated Dora's words. He and I happened to bo loft alone for a few moments. Milly,' he said, in that deep tone of voice which emotion always brought forth, ' Milly,' what have I done to be so happy ? Or, rather, what shall I do to propitiate the gods ? Isn't there an old superstition that ill luck must follow when a man is absolutely and perfectly happy ? I count the days till our wedding day, for fear something should happen ; I positively tremble with fear when I think I've got nothing to wish for, no flaw in my content, no bitterness of any sort or kind in my cup — such a full cup, Milly !' . ' Dear Edward,' I answered, my own voice altered by emotion even more than was his, ' if happiness is given to us, may we not believe we are to enjoy it? God bless you, now and always ; may you always he happy ? That is my earnest prayer, my one wish.' ' It is sweet of you to say so, Milly,' he went on, reaching out his hand to me. 'One wants sympathy in joy just as much as in sorrow, I think. And I know how you feel with ns both. Well, I will do my best that Dora may never regret having married me. If there's any promise wanted, I give it now, to you. I'll do my host — uo you hear ? al ways my best — to make her happy. That's as sacred a promise to me as the words I'll say in church next week.' ' I believe it, Edward ; yes, I believe you.' ' It socms so wonderful,' he went on, after a pause, ' wonderful that a girl like Dora should throw hereolf away on me : that'B what I feel. I think of it often : I wake in the night and wonder if it's true. Once, Milly, you gave me a sort of fright — do you remember? You hinted. I think, that she didn't quite know her own mind. Ah, but she does ! I was right and you were wrong. Some girls — quite young girls — are so frightened of their own feelings that they hide thorn from themselves even. But that's what makes her — my darling — all the dearer.' There was another pause. ' Curious, isn't it,' said my companion, ' that men seem to understand women, when women don't a bit?' ' Don't what?' I asked, grimly. ' Don't understand any other woman. Do tbey now, Milly ? Why, even the nicest, ugou VI JUUj juou a llbblC UUUOU WlliU regard to the rest. That always disturbed me, do you know ! I can't reason it out. It seems a pity. However,- if women were made, as somebody or other says, to match the men, I suppose men were really made to understand the women.' Farewell to interference, thought 1 — fare well forever. From henceforth nothing hut cheerful acquiescence on my part ; no fears, no doubts, no tremulous questionings. And may my honest heart-felt blessing go with these two who have rigged out a white - sailed ship, and are hasting out together on the wido sea of life and matrimony ! CHAPTER XII., After Dora's wedding, my life was dull and monotonous in the extreme. I made a pretence of re-settling myself in our old sea side home, determined to make tho best of things. I worked among the poor, I busied myself with household matters, I took up my long-neglectedmusic, and practised regularly. But tho isolation of that dreary time proved too much for mo. As weeks passed, an in tense fatigue took possession of me ; depres sion followed suit. Next came weakness of nerves, want of tone, as tho doctor said. Even my mind seemed strange and ailing. I knew not which was worse, day or night short io.o-cold days, when the only chango from my room was a weary turn in a bath- chair, or long silent evenings, when the our- tainH wore drawn and the lamp lit, and the tea tablo was placed ready for use, and my own thoughts and memories came rushing out of every comer, down the chimney and in at the cracks of the doors, liko goblins of legendary lore, to sit upon tho empty chairs about me, and climb up, and touch my bauds my shoulders, my head, till I could have screamed aloud for help. Thenjlong hours of sleepless darkness, culminating in the terrible early dawn, with its strange power of magnifying every care or anxiety — who knows no 5 the agony of such hours ? Dora was abroad all this time, but, even had she been at home, 1 would not have gone to her. Newly-married folks are sensitive plants. ' II ne faut pas mettre le doight entre l'arbre et l'eeorce,' says a French pro verb. I had tried my hand as family ad visers sufficiently, rue-thought, before Dora's marriage. Meanwhile she wrote to me, and some times Edward wrote also. His letters brimmed over with delight and happiness ; the very paper — a flimsy bluo page — rustled out of its envelope in a perfect flutter of content. Egypt was charming ; ancient temples, grandeur, sunsets, bronze-like natives, all charming; yet what was Egypt compared with Dora ? Thebes was wonderful ; so were other places with outlandish names. But they were rather tame. (1 am quoting Edward.) Now, Dora was Dever two min utes the same. That porhaps was her greatest charm. Everybody, on land or water, fell in love with her. She herself meditated the writing of a paper concerning antique cats, to he called ' The Tabbies of the Ptolemies. It was wonderful weather ; he, Edward, often thought how delightful the hunting must he at home, now that the frost had broken up. ' And Dora Bends love, and wo both hope you are quite well.' No, I was not quite well; but I was not going to tell my travellers so. All the same, I felt that I could not endure my lonely life much longer. Sometimes, when I got up in the morning, and stood oat on the vcranda-for a taste of fresh air, I rubbed myoyes" impatiently because I could not -See the graceful masts of a yacht in the harbour. There is nothing like feeble health to make the present seem dim and the past clear and sharp. So does the snirit— the mind. the soul, the psyche of the Greeks, the shadowy parts of us— grow in force and intensity as the body weakens and seems of less import ance, till perhaps one day we shall find the parting which we all dread more or less may not he so dread f ul as we think, for the husk will have grown wan and small, and the soul will stand alone and self-reliant, even before actual death. Who can say ? 1 began to get frightened for myself, how ever, a9 things of the earth occupied mo less and less. I lay back in my chair for hours, watching the sea- line, and the growth of a few pale hyacinths in the veranda, and al- . most liko the saints in legends, seeing visions. Nothing mattered ; nothing could rouse me. Even Mrs. Claxton's visits — she had cotne down from London for a fortnight —even Mrs. Claxton's conscientious little visits ceased to ignite my wrath. ' Good news from your young people P This was her usual first remark. ' Very good news,' I answered, with languid coutont. It was Dr. Brooke who stirred me up one day. ' My dear Miss Carpenter,' he began, ' I have attended you for years— you will par don my impertinence, won't you? Suicide was highly thought of among the ancients, hut it is out of date now. We dou't plunge daggers into our breasts, nor open our veins in warm baths, nor ' What do you mean, doctor P I asked, a little crossly. I am afraid he quite rejoiced over this feeble outbreak of temper of mine. He rubbed his hands gleefully, took out his watch, opened it, looked at it, snapped it again, put back in his waistcoat-pocket, rubbed his hands again, and said' — ' Nor do we- sit down peacefully to be ill just for nothing at all except to fill the shame less doctors' pockots, and arrange everything comfortably for giving up the ghost when nobody Is going to admire ns for it or be the better for it — not even, the very doctor.' ' My dear Dr. Brooke !' ' My dear Miss Carpenter ! What relations have yon in the world, barring, of course, Mrs. Wilmington ?' ' Nobody to speak of. One old aunt who lives in Sussex.' ' Admirable ! She could do better.' ' You don't suppose T would trouble her ?' ' No, I will take the trouble.' ' She wrote to me only last week,' said I, laughing in spite of myself. ' She wants me to go and stay with her.' ' And you shall not disappoint her !' ex claimed the doctor, rising to his feet, and violently shaking my poor weak hand in his huge grip. 'Didn't I tell you she was an excellent woman? Give mo her ad dress.' ' Not now. ' Tust you give me her address. Here's my prescription : An ounce of aunt, a quart of the good air and water of Sussex— not but what our climate here's first-raie, and the water above reproach ; only one may have too much of any good thing. "What did you say was the address ?' ' Dr. Brooke, I cannot.' ' No, hut I can.' I was too feeble to resist. After all, it was very pleasant to be arranged for, packed up, and sent off, like the bundle of clothes, with a poor little tired woman inside, which I had become. The kind doctor registered me, labelled me, saw me into the train, and gave directions to the maid who was my attend ant. Tears came into my eyes from very weakness, and coursed down my cheeks, as I shook hands with him at parting and tried to thank him. ' You know I didn't really care,' I mur mured. ' I Bhould have passod away very quietly if you had let me alone. ' That's just it,' he answered. ' We men of medicine like a little more fuss made over these matters. Whon next you want to dio, give me due warning, and we'll do the fhing in grand stylo. Now she's off ; good -by, and God bless you ! Write to me iu a month's time.' I did writo. Ah, how my life had changed! _My hobgoblins had shrunk away by then. 1 spent long dreamy hours among the hills, gaining new health and strength each day, watchina' the blackthorn burst into flower among the hedges, and listening to the young lambs bleating after their mothers. It was a new dawn of life, a resurrection. My kind aunt fed nie up and cared for mo. The delight of being loved and cared for by some one much older than myself, some one who had known me as a child and stiff looked upon me as young, brought back much of the youth which I had thought fled forever. I was quite ashamed to writo to Dr. Brooke. I felt as though I had fallen from a high mental estate. (To be Continued. ) The proportion of under-age marriages' in ' England is steadily on the declino. In the year 1874 they stood at 84 in 1,000 for men, and 220 in 1,000 for women. Last yoar the figures stood at 59 for the males and 190 for the females. There are no loss than twenty-eight bones in one hand and wrist, and about as many in a foot and an ankle. The bones of tho hand and feet are equal in number to one half of all the hones iu the human body. The latest atrocity in tho interest of ' beauty ' is a eorsot for tho foot, and theidoa comes from America. The new instrument of torture is ma.de so as to enable a size smaller shoo to bo worn than would ho other wise possiblo, I have read in Plato and Cicero sayings that are very wise aud beautiful ; but I never road in eitlior of them : ' Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy ladon, and I will give j ou icst.' — Augustine." English as She Is Spoke — Gus De Smith — I hear that your wife's mother is very sick. Is she dangerous? Pete Amsterdam — She is a very sick woman, " but sho is not as dauger- oua as when she is well.'— Texas Liftings. 