NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. . ' 1 . Sir John Millaiw, tho valno of whoso per Bon&lifcy; lifts just been declared nt £97,110 4a. Gd., died a Holier man by far than any of his predecessors In tbo presidential chair of tho ; Royal Acadomy. Lord Leightou, who died worth £-17,000, was prftbahly, after Sir John Millais, tho richest of tho presidents, whilo tho poorest of tbom was undoubtedly Sir Thomas Lawrcnco, for although liis pictures and other proporty realised £16,000 when sold soon after liis death, tho wholo sum was re- quired to moot tho demands made upon Mh estate. .Other English puintors linvo left far greater fortunes than these behind them, notably Turner and Latidsccr. Tho famous landscape painter loft £140,000, whilo the valuo of Sir Edwin Landscor'H personalty \vu% £100,000. Mr. Edward Arinitage, who died a few months ago, was still wealthier than either Landscor or Turner, but his .fortuuo of £1118,000 was not derived from tho ealo-of his pictures. Uo was a man of largo >rivato means, hut hi professional inoomo was comiKuutivcIy small. Air. Edwin Long, who died in 1891, left £74,000 to his legatees, and Sir Joseph iJochm, whoso death took placo a fow months earlier/ £-17,276. Another rioh sculptor was Sir Francis Ohantroy, who bequeathed £100,000 to tho Royal Acadomy for tho purchnso of modem workB of art. On tho nights of 13th and 14th November, says an English contemporary, writing in anticipa. on 6tli November, tho Bky will bo furrowed liv numerous shooting stars. Next tho shower wiil I be more noticcablo, and it will attain its maii- I mum in November, 1899. Every 33 years wo I encounter tho samo swarm of meteors in iH I elongated orbit round tho sun. Tho last I timo it approached tho earth was in I 18C6, and tho mnin body will not hnvo I reached us till 1899. Rut it is disseminated 1 I along its orbit ovor a .vast extont of hun I drods of millions of miles, so that tho I passage of tho stars lasts many years. Tlio I observations mado at Greenwich on the lost I appoarnnco of thcso phenomena gave a slight I Idea of thoir number. Botween 9 o'clock and I midnight 193 shooting stars wore counted; from I midnight to 1 o'clock 2032 ; from 1 o'clock to 2 I o'olock 4860 ; and from 2 o'clock to 5 o'clock I 1400\. AI. Flammarion thus describes tho phono I mcnon : — "AVo may liken thcso swarms of I metoors to a gigantic aBsomblago of cosmic dust. . I This mass, in upito of its immensity, is invisible. I It has no light of its own, and is not dense I onough to reflect solar light. Wo only dis I corn tho shooting stars on tho introduction I into our atmoBphcro. Did our atmosphere I not oxist, we should not bo awaro of their uxis- I tenco. These ooainjo corpuscles aro very small, I mero spocks of dust sot on Are whilo crossing I the heights of our atmosphere (about 100 kilo- I mfctrca abovo our heads oil nu average), because I they como to nu with enormous opecd I (50,607,000 mitres per second), uml their I motion, slaekoued by tho resistance of the air, evon through vory rarefied, transforms fhem into luminous warmth. Sometimes tlio shoot ing star is entirely consumed during its pa3 sage; sometimes it continues its inviriblc courso after leaving our atmosphere." What iu held to bo the largest collection cvor obtained for missionary purposes by an appeal from tho pulpit ia tlie contribution nmdo at a recent Sunday afternoon meeting liuld in Now York under the auspices of tlie Christian and Missionary Alliance. This was a sum approach- I ins, if it did not actuullv reach, tho total of £25,000. Among tlieso contributions was a single gift, £10,000, by a well - known millionaire. This is, however, only a small part of his annual donations to the missionary cause. Ono rathor peculiar phase oi' tho offering of tho allianco takes tho form uf watches. -Altm givo their watches, aiul on tin's occasion probably moro than 20 were received. In return tho authorities of tho mission present the donors with an iron watch bearing tho in scription, " Gold for iron, for Jesus' sake." Rv far tho largest portion of the money iu spent directly on the work of tho mission, not more than 2 per cent, boing deducted from the con tributions for tho oxecutive portion of tho work, as most of tho men have means of their own nnd do not drnw salaries. What is the proper amount to give in hotel tips? Tho Paris edition of tho New York Herald has been going exhaustively into the whole subject of tips, and among other tilings lias addressed a circular letter of inquiry to hotel proprietors on tho whole question, Acoording to one -of thcso 'high authorities, a single travolier, after a week's stay in a hotel, should givo not less than 7 f. iu tips, distributed as follows tWalter:— 3.50 f.; chambor maid, 1.50 f.; boots, If.; and porter, If. A married couple should givo 10 f. in all, instead of 7 f. A German kotelkccper gives about tho same figures, in marks instead of fmnos. The liotclkoepcrs aro all in favor of tho tipping system. It is a convenient form of indirect taxation. If it wore abolished tlio lull would liavo to be increased. Afr. W. S. Gilbert lias mado somo progress witka now work for tho stage. In it lio roverta to his earlier manner, owing nothing to collnbo ratiqn, musical or otherwise. Tho opening sceno of tlio comedy will bo laid on tho tlcek of a 1\ and O. steamer. Being ono of the gucats on tho recent trial trip of tho India, Air. Gilbert seized the opportunity to take a sorics of photo graphs useful for the scenery of his piece. Tho correspondence column of Nature is a regular repository of contentious manner, of tho Chinese puzzles of Kumagusu Aliimkatn, and of phenomenal recordn from different parts of tho world. Under tho latter category falls "tho fitrnngo case of an X rays operator," who states that after being engaged for somo months iu demonstrating tlic Rbntgen apparatus he haB lost most of his finger nails and tho skin of one hand throe times. Besides this, ho lias suffered from Bcvore erup tions and discomfort, including a paiufnl swell ing and discharge from the tips of tho fingers. Tho only remedy ho has found effective is to covor tho hands porpctually with Innolme, his theory being tho X rays, which aro practically n concentrated form of actinic light, hum up the natural oil of tho skin. 'S\ioElcctrot(chninche Jtundselian lulso contains an account of nn X-ray operator whose hands have pooled, nnd who id threatened bosidos with premature biddnuf<». This physiological effoefc or tho rays, which U now pretty well confirmed, opens up some in teresting possibilities as to its future toe in cases of cutaneous disorders, for a tiling which harms may gonerally bo employed as well to heal. Tho now Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. ' During a confirmation tour iu tho dioceso of Peterborough, Dr. Creighton put up ono evening in an old manor house, and slept in a room supposed to bo haunted. Next morning, at breakfast, tho Bishop was usked whether be had Been the ghost. "Yes," ho replied, with great solemnity, " hut I have laid the spirit ; it will never trouble you again." On being further interrogated ns to wlmt ho had doiic, tho Bidtop said: "Tho ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards tho restoration of Peterborough Cathedral." Dr. F. E. Gladstone has been tolling nn amus ing examination story to tho Royal College of Organists. Tho examiner evidently had in his mind the timo it takes for sound to travel : and ho &Bked; : "When a regiment is marching with tho hand playing, do the soldiers' legs all move at tho Bamo timo ? " And n candidate, without a smile on his faco, quietly replied i "Tho soldiers' legs obviously cannot all move together, becauso tho loft legs move at one timo and tho right at another." 