f ifiie galley or soi;z/3. Aacardfng to tho Hindoo tradition there «si>l3 l.’cr.e-dh the rr.rtii, in tho second oirclo o£ in’criav hetiveiiE, iiCj'oml the rcich of tho fcnlighj no imiusnro ratify, halt shrouded in obscurity, The bluish foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath a phosphorescent light; its plant?, rigid and nrigulor in term, are bat crystallizations ot different colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, ambels of garnet, topaa, and amethyst, such an one might see in a Kaleidoscope, end which reflect in their prismatic facets the sirarigo blue glow of the In the midst of this lunar twilight ail is eilent. One hears no song of birds, no hum of bees—the earth is unequal to the susten ance of any tiring creators, J3ven the voice of the trees is stilled beneath the motionless A huge lake which supplies neither spring noratroam occupies tho base of the valley it fills the oilenoo with no sound of melodious and splashing waters; it holds but a thick film of while var-nr*, which lave without wotting the edges of the shore e,nd tho base of the promontori*:?! or rice and float hire a veil of lawn cbout the lake's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely lacking in this silent snot—a? a drapery flutters in the breeze, so here end there the placid surface of tho lska_f_-^tctsi and its calm is broken by silvery ripple si Here and there along tho waves glide strange forms—so vague that they seem part oi the lake itself. Yet still their shadowy outlines suggest human forms, dimly vHble’throu.'h the veil of mi?t which surrounds them. Their arms and shoulders destitute of flesh r.pd muscle are faint in contour; no trr.ee cl hair shades their brows; ! theii bloodless faces, wh:ch neither mirth nor sorrow can alter, hold nevertheless some ex pression. Their eyes are barely suggested— '.t.-p places where the eyes 6hould he show but daik slnine. which send forth only the phan toms of infell'g nl r card—their shrunken lips war, and drawn, which can never open until the supremo command releases their silence, fiuflioo by their form to show tho difference in the sexes. Or.ce risen from the lake, these shades of I men and women wander-along its chores, or lie upon the hanks where, through their diaphanous bodies, one tnay see tho earth on which they rest, glistening with its flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend beneath their weird burcc-n. Sometimes, their elbows resting upon the ground, their heads bowed upon their hands, these spectres seem to meant. Of what stuff are their dreams ? | Perhaps of their past existence; perhaps of ; the existence the future hclds for them. For I iu this valley sojourn ttoso Bouls who are j destined to a new experience of earthly life. After having been judged by the terrible j and incorruptible Yama, at once tho Minos and Pluto of the Hindoo underworld, after having accompolished their time of torture or delight according as on earth they had lived in vice or virtue, it is in this Epot that, purified by their expiation o: recompensed for the courage displayed in their struggle, equal henceforth in the eyes of iedra, the god of i heaven, their peace made with Brahma, the 1 all-powerful creator, with Shiva, the till- ! powerful destroyer nnd regenerator, they j await the advent into the world of an infant i into whose body they must erect their trans- - migration. Ono day, Cirilra.Gouptn, the angel of emerald huo, along wh se three pahs of . shoulders are ranged Bix pairs of powerful ; wings, camo in his capacity ar Prime Mini- I ster of Yama, to arrange for tiro transmigra- ' tion of tho souls. Before the diamond ; portals by which the valley is catered he en- j countered the goddess Schitala, the protect. ! reeB of children born or to bo born. The angel ! Cbitra-Goupta frowned ae he beheld her, 1 for in the goddess he recognized a powerful ] “ Are you again here with your complain- ! ings,” said ho, “nnd still askingua for your 1 charges thoso gifts which only the great gods ; themselves can bestow?® i : “ I have nothing more to bb1.\ answered Schitala, “ from Brahma I ha'l obtained ; what I desired for the happiness tithe entire - human race, and am here to signifc hie com- j “ What do you propose to do, e:h is it to i bo done?” * “ Listen, Goupta, and bo proud ft second me in my great and holy undertaklg. Man, ae you know, has nearly always something to complain of in his earthly lot. ft'ould you know why ? It is because too of Eft his Boul, abiding in a body not made for itftdwelling plnce, is forced to endure conditfns which aro in opposition to its instincts. iHereafrer, instructed in advance of itB futtfe destiny, | the soul will bo given the privileplof accept- j ing or rejecting this envelop of ash within which it must accomplish its mljion. This j is the prayer which I have Eldressed to Brahma, and which he has grantil." The Minister of Yama gave vert to such a burst of laughter that his six prirs of wings beat together against his three pair of shoul ders, and several seconds passd before ho could regain his speech. At lergth he over came his hilnrity. “ Aro you dreaming, motbr ? Brahma himself, overcome by the perfmes of Cama lata, or by tho sweet cordial ofirmitam, must have been dreaming when hr made such a promise. By tho flames of Hides, I am in clined to believe he was amuing himself at your expense.” In reply, Schitala drew fr.m beneath her scarlet mantle the decree sent forth by Brahma, carefully enwrapped in leaves of lotus and oouseba, and hauied it to Goupta, as the diamond doors swun; open of them selves before the two angels “ Curses upon man I tbexorld is coming to an end,” murmured G.upta, sighing bo deeply that all the fragile phantoms of the lake were blown towards Ibe further shore, na the foam of the sea i: blown before the breath of the tempest; “lo make man his own master, to have him to accept or reject his future destiny I Too much charity has mado you foolish, old rebher; hereafter we shall have no more souk.’o supply, except to tho children of the rich md powerful. . Be fore a half century has pissed, kings will be born without people to govern, and the brah mins will preach in theiesert.” "Let us try," said the goddess. “ It is well, since it is your wish and Brah ma’s decree.’’ After thoroughly ms-!ering the Bignifioance of the divine order, tbiemerald angel, some what re-assured, appdached the lake, con suited his register, ltd then in sonorous tones called in turn fit souls, giving eaoh the surname he had bornfon earth. At the utter ance of each name thrives trembled, alight bubbling manifestedi|jelf on some point of the lake’s silver smtbhness, then a shade, slowly rising from bb vapory oouch, gained the ahoro. When ho saw ar-38" him all the six to gether, Chitra-Gocp!a informed them of the degree of Br«'-n,a> and impressed upon them the one reettction whioh thoy must understand. “ By a refusal tof;80me at once the inhabit ant of the body cre-destined for him, the soul would lose hi-chance of life, and muflt remain as many prs longer in this valley of shadowB as he c'3ht otherwise have lived among the worii of men.” This was the clause which hsi re-assured Chitra-Goupta about tho ooneeaSOces of the decree. Tho first Bofklled was that o£ an oU dervish, who i'*eft in Ml'sore the memory of a life full of-'3'? self-denial as well as the moet pious mofifioation of the flesh. " You ” Baid the angel, “ shall be born in the midst of i3 honest mercantile family, whose lives in a groove equally separ ated from thchmora whioh bring care to the mind as frond11.8 ‘roubles which rob it of its strength, ffi3'?8 ., _ , . . , “BMoice ietibly,” said Sohitala, “for, sweetly lulledin the BunBhine of your mother’s caresses, yoO*alJ 8S.oaP8 th,0 corruptions of the the worii ana still enveloped in the robes of innocenc(fon .ebaJ! die an infant. This time you sW116ain the prize of victory with out the streps!8 ?£ ... . . ,i ipQ .. jg infant,” replied the old dervish; "what! tofat my HPS t8 !h,e brim of the cup and ha';no P0W8r t0 dr‘nk even half it u *ij„ | , .ee once more the doors of life onen tn rat and DauB“ nm» the threshold I Better wednot to be horn‘ £ have tBSted thn En^r^ieaven, now I would know those of earfh °I wiH wait.” And with a gesture nf ror,,lol ibe dervish plunged into the lake. u a myZtH: tool has beoome perverted in Vioon'i’-sia. Chitra-Goupta, shrugging his “a’eD’-;,of shoulders. iff. nil be possible that extreme virtue as well ge;e occasions remorse?" murmured Sobitalc8rown P8Db£v0' „-r soul took the place of the dervish. r, 08 or' it may be destiny, sometimee itself by bringing together Btrango P ea.sti<.' ■ This soul was that of a bayadere, “cPltrh,j delighted all Benares by her grace fninrilvoluptuous dancing. She had even fi 1 brilliantly in the ceremonies of the t U'lft where, in epite of her eccentrio beha .mP she had the protection of the priestB II01Glier lifetime and, perhaps, after death ^Sulgenccof the gods. She approached ^jj--#taJ08t in a bound—the diving Bair. ■who were Elated upon a rook ot maiacmie veined with gold. ■■ You shah be beautiful,” said the messen : rcr of Yuma, “ and because of jour beauty I yon e!;:-U become the wife of a rich nabob, who wilt ccat all his treasures at jour fief* to ! gratify vour liehtcnS caprice. l’ejoica. The eoul of the bayadere seemed to tremble, as if in excess of joy; ehe cast a rapid glance about her, upon theshubhevy of jade and tur quoise. upon all the rich jewels winch formed the flora! embellishments ot the valley, tbink inv r.o dould, that, she would find eimilar ones on earth with which to adorn herself. Necklaces, bracelets, and girdles should ho hers, and jewels should hang in clusters from the ends of her long and flowing hair. Never theless. before giving her flea! acceptance, she ' •• Will ho be young, this rich nabob whom I am to wed ?” "He will be three times yotir age; but Hint in nothing. P.r-Joi*e; for after he has leaded you with girts, he muBt die. He will lenvo yon mistress of a colossal fortune, free to chcote a new husband, and this second ono shall ho young and nobis of countenance,” “ Khali I bear him children 1" “ Both your husbands— the young as well as the* old—must leave you childless.” The bsyad6re'a oounlcnanco fell; her loot of desolation was pitiable. “ Childless 1” Fhe repeated ; still this dis honor 1” And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : “ To live without tho joy of maternity is no life.” Tho rmerald angel looked at the benevolent goddess with a mocking smilo. “There,” said he, " is a refusal you certainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old husband to make her rich and to grant all her wishes; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Ib your sex still capricious, even in this empire of ghosts ?” •' If the tree nccursed with barrenness could speak, Goupta, you would hnvo its answer. 1 Sterility is dishonor.’ For woman tho case is even mnro dreadful. Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, decreed from tho first day of the world’s existence, to share with wo man tho faculty ot creating- Almost from her cradle she thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is Hhe already a mother. Poor bayadere 1 I understand her “ Very well,” replied Chitrn, Goupta, " bu in the meantime ive run the risk ol not find ing a eoul who wiehes to leave this valley. We have tried without euccess, the old der vish and the young bayaedre—now let tra undertake the case of this whilom prince, who hot lately clang to the hopeless longing | for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for | glory, are the moving impulses of his class : | this time, I am sure of acceptance,” and with I a gesture he called to him the soul whose ! turn hud come. "Itejoice," cried Goupta, as tha shade ap proached, “ rejoice, and thank the gods you shall bo king.” “ King !” replied the soul with a shudder. 4 In the olden times it was to a degree en durable—today the position is a sad and i cruel one. To make oue’s-self the executioner j of one's own family, for the purpose of stand ] ing well before his people; to merit the j chastisement of heaven, and the contempt of i men—only to become at last the vassal or 1 prisoner of the European invaders. What a fate 1 My uncle, the powerful sovereign of ■ D.ecan, forced me to burn out my eyes that his people should not think me unworthy to Euccceci him. And hedied—how ? The humble • dependent of the English king 1 Better were I it to be born In the humble cabin of a pariah ' than on the golden steps that lead to tho throne of Delhi.” ] “There is more danger than I believed, | since even kings decline the offer,” murmured the minister of Yuma, ! “ We Brs only half way yet,” pleaded | Schitala,11 let us go on.” i Of tho two souls who followed, one was | offered tho body of a banker not too scrupu I lous in his method of acquiring wealth, and ' who, gaining fortune, should at the same time fall a victim to a Ecrious illness, so that he ; could but rarely leave a bed of pain. The : other was destined to enter tbe body of a : laborer, whose out- door life would give him | the inestimable blessing of health and ' strength. 11 To be,” said one, “ at the same time in health and adversity 1 Wbat iB that but to possess a good Btomach only as an abiding place for the demon of hunger? " " Wealth and suffering,” quoth the other, “a mantle of gold flung upon the shoulders of a corpse.” And both refused. “ What have yon to say now, Schitala ?” asked tho emerald angel with an air of j triumph. “ Do you still think it wise and i just to instruct men concerning the fate life ! holds for them, and to leave thorn freo to i ohoose or reject their new birth ? With this state of things, I repeat, the land would soon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you.have addressed to Brahma, there are already upon earth five poor mothers be wailing the loss of their still-born infants." | Seeing the good Sahitala covered with shame and bowing her head in silence, he added ; “Heed me, Schitaln, let us go no further— for the last soul left us to consult will surely, and with reason this time, return at once to the lake." Opening his book, ho prepared to draw a line through the six names written therein, but the remaining soul, finding herself alone, did not await bis summons, and silently ap proached the block of malachite. By her mournful step, her drooping head, one could plainly read that the memories of her life awoke within her breast only sad and melancholy impressions. This was the ghost of a poor girl of Labor, who had in life a grievous lot to endure. Far removed from tho pleasures which rank, fortune, and power present, sho lead been tbo sole support of an aged and helpless mother. When, at last, Adisano, the God of UnhappinesB, had seemed placated hy her resignation, and love, with its promises of hnppiness and oonsolation smiled upon her, her wedding morning ehone upon her dead—poisoned by a venomous ser _ “ Poor creature I Yon aro fatally pre-des tined,” murmured the ancel. “I cannot say to you as to the others, • Et-joicc 1’ I cannot offer you in your new life anything but pain and privation. Thesetwo souls who but now were before me refused their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune—for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must endure both poverty and suffering. Do you accept life at Bueh a price ? Decide." Tho shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in hope that some further revelation might Boften the cruelty of the words she had already listened " Alas 1 alas I” said in turn good Schitala profoundly touched with pity, “ profit by tbo gift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued failing of your health shall ad versity pursue you, but after years of inces sant and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must exhaust the remains of vnur strength in earing for your invalid hus The young Bonl started. “ This husband at whose sido I must pass my future life in toil, trouble, and illness—will he love “ Yes, but no you alone, A rival shall be preferred before you ; from the ashes of yonr happiness, barely known before it fades away, Bliall come to ycu new agony—new suffering more heavy to endure than all the rest, You will be jealous." ‘‘But I shall love him, then?" 11 You will love him." " Unto the end.” “ Yes, unto the end; for alone of all his wives you will follow him to the fiery heart of hiB funeral pile.” " Blessed be the name of Brahma I I would To this cry of love, this passionate expres sion of devotion and self- sacrifice the cold and silent valley, found a responsive echo; the trees were shaken from their immobility, the phospheresccnt lights and tbe diamond flowers shone with redoubled brilliancy, and all the pbantomB dwelling in the shadowy depths of the lake rose to tbo surfr.oe to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent goddess had clasped beneath her purple mantle tho poor tender eoul, while Chitra-Goupta, Bpreading Btviftly hisBix pairs of. wings, took his flight to the seventh superior heaven, to seek from Indra, tbe high god, tbe annulment of Brahma’B decree. Indra revoked the decree; but on tho pages of hie golden book be wrote the name of the young Rirl of Lahor, and underneath—the name oiBayaddre. Medical and physocological observations in France tend to confirm tho views of English physicians to tho effect that scarlet fever has its origin in tho milk ol diseased The figureB of the Berlin Bureau of Statistics show that there are ten thousand locomotive engines in Germany, seven thou sand iuFr&aee;, and twenty- eight hundred in 