A SHARP LESSON. When Robert Dartrell fell in love with Lucy Wynyard there was no more jealous man in England. The green-eyed monster became his master. The smallest pretext led him into foolish suspicion, and occa sionally outrageous words. Every man (and there were not a few) who dared to oast aimiring glances at the lady of his choice, came in for glowing looks or curb treatment from Bobby, as he was always. called. Especially were the vials of his wrath poured upon the head ot Lucy's foster brother, for whom she naturally had a strong regard, seeing th-tb they had been children together. Long before Dartrell was engaged to Miss Wynyard he never failed to express his dislike to their inti macy, but when he had asked her to be his wife, and she had said ' yes,' he put his foot down. ' I never liked this Mr. Luttridge,' he said. 'He is a very off-hand sort of gentleman, and ho presumes too much. He i.3 far too familiar with you, Lucy. It is all very well for him to call himself your brother, but you know lie is in no way related, and he often behaves, it seems to me, as if he might be your lover.' ' Ob, poor old Horace !' cried she, ' you will never think of being jealous of him any more tban be would be jealous of you. I can't treat him otherwise than I have ever done, and besides, he is a luckless youth ; he will never set the Thames on fire.' ' No,' says Dartrell, ' unless it's insured.' 11 1 pity poor Horsce,' sho continued, for of course she did not see Bobby's humorous sarcasm. ' He is so hopelessly unsuccessful in everything he attempts. This fancy of his now to become an artist will. end in failure, I am surp, although I admit he shows more ability at an easel than anywhere. I really do pity him.' ' Ah, pity is akin to love. Wei), my pet, I don't mean, of course, that you are likely to love him otherwise than — but there. I toll you I'd rather you didn't eee him. Drop him, please.' Then they would both laugh and go through the usual osculatory performances, and the question would be ended for the moment. But it recurred again and again, always in the Bame key and ending in the same way. Young Horace Luttridge had been early mado a member of Colonel Wynyard's es tablishment, being, as it waa understood, tho only son of an old brother efficer, who, as ho lay wouudod and dying on au Indian battle-field, confided his boy to tho Golouol's care. Wynyard, true to his trust, an ie turning home and marrying, brought up little Horace as if he had been his own child. He was some five years old when little Lucy appeared — appeared at the cost of her mother's life — but as the children grew up, her stronger nature soon began to dominate that of her brother, as he was always called, and she maintained her supremacy long beyond childhood. Then Colonel Wynyard died suddenly, and Lucy went to reside with her maiden aunt, one Miss Habgood, her mother's elder sister, at a small house in St. J hn't Wood. Her marriage was postponed for three months. However, delay had no ill effect, for Lucy never wavered, and Bobby was as devoted as ever — and as jealous. He had got a stop in his office, and ways and means sufficient were provided for a fair start. Meanwhile, her prophecies regarding Mr. Horace Luttridge were not wholly verified. He appeared to be getting on at las^, and had established himself in a commodious studio in St. John's Wood, although b's efforts pictorial scarcely seemed to warrant his mode of living, remembering that he was supposed to be wholly dependent on his art. He and Dartrell maintained .a sort of armed neutrality, and Lucy ap peared to conform by degrees more willingly to her lover's wishes regarding the young painter. They seldom met now, and so Bobby's jealousy in that direction seemed to be appeased. The marriage drew near* On its very eve the happy pair had been for. a stroll in the park in the fine October afternoon. They stood at the door of her aunt's house chatting for a while in the gloaming, the gas above them throwing her face and figure into shadow. Her left hand resttd in his tight — both were gloved. Suddenly he pressed her thud finger, and raising it slightly, said with surprise, ?' Where is your ring, Lucy — your engaged ring V She winced a little as &he; replied, ' Ah ! a great misfortune. I hoped you wouldn't notice it, but I have dropped it somewhere, I can't tell where or bow.' 'H'n-,'he said impatiently, 'that is unlucky — a bad omen. You had it on this morning, because I saw it. Where have you been to-day ! You surely remember missing it.' 'No, indeed, I do not remember where or when I missed it first ', but, oh 1 I shall find it, I shall find it.' ' I hope so, for it is of considerable value, but you must go in now ; your aunt will be growing anxious. We have had our talk ; so until to-morrow — and to morrow, darling, we part no more.' Their lips met, she turned, knocked at the door, add as it was opened she departed The marriage waa duly celebrated, very quietly, for Miss Wynyard ould not yet wholly lay aside her mourning. In a month they were settled in their own modest home, and they were as happy — well, happier — than the day was ,long, for the days were then at their shortest. Time passed, but that unlucky engaged ring had never been found; but, as it was replaced by a more binding one, they accepted the loss with a good grace — at least she did. Every inquiry had been made, a fortune had been spent in advertising, but all efforts to recover it wero vain. Still tho subject rankled evidently in Bobby's mind, but he abstained at last from acrimonious comment, and only epoko of if. an a profound mystery. Suddenly, howove.r, oho January after jjood, ou hJ3 return hot»8, Robert Dartoli showed such evident signs of annoyance J that his wife could not fail to inquire the . j cause. ? ? ? ? . \ ' Well, Lucy,' he said gravely, 'as I J wus coming from the office just now, 1 met I Luttridge. He was for passing me with a j nod but I stopped, and I don'c know what '' j iaduoed me, but I asked him straight out j if he happened to have heard anything j about your lost ring. Of course he said j no, but as I looked him straight in the j face, I feel sure — well, I feel sure he waa not speaking the truth. I didn't like his manner at all. When did you see him last?'. She looked puzzled, not to say unoom- . fortable. She dropped her eyes, and after ? a pause answered hesitatingly ; 'Oh, I haven't seen him. I haven't seen him since, I don't know when ; not; since jast before we were married.' - . Bobby was silent, and the subject ' dropped. . CHAPTER II. . The next day wes Saturday. A dense fog bung over the north of London, as Robert Dartrell emerged from his bouse at , least an hour earlier than usual. Fe vouchsafed no explanation ot this to his. wife, except that he had business to do betore going to the office. He looked fevered and excited. He ate but little ? . breakfast, and pleaded that he had slept badly. The business, whatever it was, took - him straight to some studios, one of which was' occupied by Mr. Luttridge. ?' Not come yet, sir,' said the porter, in .. answer to Dartrell's inquiry. -'The fogs' have doubtless delayed him, sir. It's too dark to paint, though Mr. Luttridge in general is never particularly early. Will yon wait, sir ?' ' Yes, for awhile,' and the visitor walked . in He sat down moodily in front of the - freshly-lighted, smouldering stove. Ttia obscurity throughout the stucio was intense. - He endeavoured to stir the fire into a blazfl. . It refused to brighten. Still Dartrell sat on, poker in hand, impatiently tapping the grate. At length he rose, flung the fire iron noisily into the fender, and murmured : ' I suppose he won't come ; can't expect; him in such a fog, and I must be off to the office soon.' Nevertheless he reseated himself, shuffled the chair round, and gaz^d again into the . blackness, wuich had now increased through a considerable access of fog. Suddenly, leaning forward, he said aloud : ' Hallo, what's fch*t 1— a spark ] No couldn't have been.' Ha rubbed' bis eyes. ?' I see sparks and devils, or ghosts, wh«n- j eves I think about it — isleep or awake-— perhaps I'm asleep now. No u sense ! H'm !' . - S.- he sat staring at the blackness. Then again he said suddenly : 'Why, there it was, and there it is. What the deuce is it V Presently he seemed once more to have caught sight of something, for this time ho ro8P, and walked cautiously into the corner. He advanced one foot into it. It happened just there to bo clear of furniture and - studio lumber. He poked his foot about. He could feel nothing — aoe nothing now. He turned and looked away for a moment up at the windnw — thsn looked b*ck into the corner. Of course, it appeared darker 1 than ever. ' What can it be V he exclaimed, stoop ing. ' Gone again.' Then bending quickly down, he grazed j his temple against a projecting canvas standing against the wall. He muttered a word not necessary to repeat. With moro caution now as he dropped on one knee, he felt cut light and left with both hands like a blind man. Then he ran bis fingers along the cracks, edges, and ridges. Ha stood up, he stooped down again, still passing his hands over the floor in all direc tions. 'It's like a will o'-the-wlpp,' be said. ' I sae it, and don't see ih, bnt there i8 something that phinee, I'll swear.' After continuing his diverting recreation for several minutes he stood up, only to go down again instantly,, on both knees, for ? he had again seen the momentary sparkle. Darting at the exact spot with his fingers, he touched some small projecting substanoo in the extremist corner. A piece of glass or gravel was it 1 Perhaps, but he could not raise it at first. He persevered, and got his nail under it, and then it did yield slightly, and flashed as it yielded. A little more grubbing at it, and he found it was attached to a second, and a third similar. ? substance, and that the three were held by — yes, a ring. He stood up with it in his hand, and ^ turned round. It sparkled brilliant'y now ~ as ho brought it more under the high-up window, for the light was lapid'y iu creasing, tho fog was lifting. la two .? _ f minutes more it was clear enough for him to see that in his hand he held, and could identify beyond doubt, Lucy 'a engaged ring. It being Saturday, Mr. Dartrell returned home by 8 o'clock. His wife happened to be in the diuingroom as he knocked, and seeing her there as he crossed the hall, he entered, shut the door, and sat down with out removing hat or top-coat. He looked bo disturbed and angry that Lucy instantly exclaimed. 'Oh ! Bobby, what is the matterT 'You shall hear by and bye, dear,' he answared curtly. ' Piease go and put on your hat and cloak. No,' he proceeded, as she began protesting, ' I insist on your walking round with me at once to Lut tridge's studio. I insist on it. Do as I tell you.' He said this so sternly that she was completely overcome, and began to sob. For a moment he appeared moved, and hesitated slightly as he repeated : 'Do as I tell you, Lucy.' I wil not discuss the matter here. It is far too un pleasant, but I am determined to bring you two face to face. You will see I have good cause for insisting.' ' Pray, dear Robert, tell me,' she began. 11 1 will tell you nothing here,' he inter rupted. ' Please don't keep me waiting,' and in the deepest distress she left the loom to do his bidding. The dense fog of the morning had en tirely cleared off, and the short winter's twilight was but slowly creeping on as husband and wife were on their way to the Btudio. He maintained a rigid silence. He was evidently beside himself, and the poor little woman had wisdom enough at last to cease vain importuning. The large high window still admitted sufficient light to his painting-room to allow Mr. Horace Luttridge to critically examine the result of his afternoon's work as it stood on the easel in front of him. Whilst so employed a ring at the model's entrance took him, palette and brushes in hand, to the door. ' Bless my heart,' he exclaimed, on seeiDg who his visitors were. ' This is a surprise — a moBt unexpected pleasure.' Dartrell, followed by hid wife, brushed past him without salutation. When the door was shut he turned abruptly and said, 'I doubt, Mr. Luttridge, if you will find our visit a pleasure. It gives me none, I promise you. To come to tha point at once, have the goodness to tell me, if you please, how it is I found this ring in this loom this morning.' He had taken the jewelled hoop from his waistcoat pocket, and was now holding it up conspicuously in the light, in which 'its three large diamonds flashed brilliantly. Great as had been the artist's surprise from the first, it had grown every moment, and had become something more now, eBpeci&lly; when he saw from Lucy's expres sion that the production of the ring was as unexpected to her as to himself. He looked completely bewildered. His color came and went, and he was some time before he spoke. The emergency was so sudden and unforeseen that a man of stronger nerve than Horace Luttridge might have displayed some confusion. Presently, however, by an effjrfc he pulled himself tcgather, aad said with compara tive calmness : 'Excuse me, Mr. Dartrell, but upon ?what grounds do you assume fcaat I know how you come to find a ring in my room ? I know nothing about it. Indeed, I don't know that you did find ib here. Your manner is extremely offensive, let me tell you, and without further explanation I decline prolonging this interview.' Dartrell laughed derisively; whilst his poor wile, standing between the two men, cast appealing glances one to the other. He put her aside, and addressing Luttridge, said ; 'Oh, I will explain, sir, never fear. Listen, therefore, both of you. You see, this ia the ring which I gave my wife when ?we were engaged. I could swear to it anywhere. On the morning of the day before we wore married she wore it, as she had ever worn it since I gave it her. In the evening of that same day I missed it from her finger, and she told me with somo distress that she had lost it.' ' Where ? I inquired. She did not know. Mark that. She would be sure to find it ; bnt she never did find it. That agreeable task was left for me,' He laughed again, aardonically, for he waa growing cooler now, and Dartrell'a anger always was the deepest when he nmnaged to control It. More olowly then |ie proceeded to narrate tlw eaaet oircu,ra» stances under which he discovered the ring. As he finished he added : ' Perhaps it is as well I could not await your arrival this morning. My time was up, and so I deferred my inquiries until my wife could also be present.' With this he drew a cha'r forward, and sitting down, calmly regarded the other two. They were silent. Dartrell, after a minute, went on : 'I hope, Mr. Luttridge, you consider my explanation complete, if not satisfac tory. It is your turn now to — in short — answer my original question.' Lucy threw herself at her husband's feoty and seized his hand. 'Eobert! Robert! dearest Robert !' she exclaimed, ' you cannot eupposo for one instant — you cannot doubt me, You can not suppose that this miserable business is not to be easily explained,' At first he seemed inclined to thruaff her from him, but as he looked down into her appealing eyes, he put his other hand to his brow, and hid his face for a moment. ' I should prefer Mr. Luttiidge's ex planation,' he said, but Luttridge seemed again deprived of speech. He stood look ing on the ground, restlessly pulling his moustache. Suddenly, however, he held out his hand, saying : ' I'll trouble you, sir, to let me see this ring. I have only your word for it that it i3 the identical one.' 'This is mere prevarication,' said Dar trell, ' I refuse to show you the ring, I see by your face that you know all about it, and how it came there.' Again the wife spoke, as the artist with shifty . looks was renewing his feeble protest. 'It is vain, Horace,' she said, 'to prevaricate. The whole truth must come out. Be patient, Bobby, and I will tell you everything. I have striven for years to shield him from disgrace and ruin. He's bringing it on himself now, and, alas ! perhaps deserveB it. Dearest Robert, if you will but be patient yon shall know all.' 11 Get up, Lucy,'' said Dartrell, rising himself and assisting her. ' God knows if you can exculpate yourself you shall. I shall be only too thankful j but I tell you it cannot be easy, Bat that I love you aa I do, X would pot listpp, and. I wJU not no.w do so here, for I see by this man's face that he would yet prevent you from speaking if he could. I know not what influence be has over you, therefore you shall have a fairer chance than you can whilst in his presence.' Luttridge had edged partly behind Dartrell, and was endeavoring to sign Lucy to be silent by holding a finger to his lips. ' You both know,' went on Dartrell, ' as well as I do, that this is the ring, and even when its discovery here is accounted for, much will remain — aye, very much — but come away, Lucy. Come with me at once to your aunt. She must be told how matters stand, and unless she and you together can give ? me better reasons than seem likely, I tell you — well, God knows what I Bhall do,' and once morer he hid his face in his hand. Abruptly then he took her by the hand, and, drawing her towards the door by which they had entered, opened it, and the two went out, whilst Luttridge, with ill- assumed coolness, began a blustering tirade about the insults which had been put upon him Some little distance lay between the studio and the house to which this now most unhappy couple were repairing. Dartrell Baid not a word, but he did not resist the gentle pressure with which his wife clung to him, or command her silence, as, with broken voice, she feebly strove to exonerate Horace. ' It is all due to his weak and shiftless nature,' she said. ' It was debt — debt — his debts, Bobby, which took me to his Btudio the day before we were married.' He pulled up abruptly in the now quiet, gas-lit suburban road, and looked as if he were about to speak ; but in a moment he went forward again, and eho proceeded : 'You know from time to time I have helped him out of money scrapes. He always turned to me, therefore I guessed what he meant when I received a note from him entreating me to oome to him that morning — the day before we were married. He was in the greatest trouble he wrote. Now it so happened that my pin-money had run very short, consequently I went almost empty-handed. It seemed he wanted £50 by two o'clock that day, other wise, be eaid, he should be utterly ruined, and worse, tfgthing lees cpujd U of any use. He might as wall have asked me for , ??--** a thousand. He grew angry. I told him -. :'v $$,' he must get out of it as best he could, and ' ' ^^ was going to leave. V- '^' ' ' Lucy,1 he cried, ' forgive me. -I am ',/»*« l,2 a brute. Let me tell you, for I tell you -Cj.v^ most things, and you will see my neces- ~ -£2=^=£?C{ aity.'' - \:.£i 'The truth is, Bobby,' continued Lucy, *;x\ '^ clinging tighter hold of her husband, and ^ 'y A swaying a little in her walk, for they were . -!-'- ' -. moving on slowly, ' the truth is, I found .' ^r'^ out by degrees that he had appropriated ?'' * * .£50 which did not belong- him, bub to ' * -_' - which he had access, to meet eomo stock- *~ ~ broker's claim on account of \ a speculation ,? T' which has turned out badly. He waa if '' bound to pay it that afternoon, and he waa ' ''''VS.: also bound to hand over by two o'clock the ^ , (r i' £50 he had appropriated.' ' ?] ? 'Ah! that he had embezzled,' inter- J-*2 rupted Dartrell, 'call things by their ' -_~ ^ proper namas.' r~l^~% ' Well, then, that he had embezzled. He - i'. --''- implored me to save him, but how could I ;ys give him £50. Then he said : '-, *j ' ' Lend me something — a piece of *^ .,- ,^ jewellery— something that I can turn into J.^^ money within an hour.' * S- 'It was nearly one o'clock, and ho must - 1f-i'V- have it by two. There was no time to lose. ^1~£j- I offered to go and see what I could find. , c ' 11 ' No,' he oaid ' there's no time. There, ! ^ / : give me that ling. That's the very thing. I can raise £50 on that at once.' - * - 'I declared I would do nothing of the ' ~V kind. He grew furious, and tried to take ? t. -* ? it off my finger. I would not let him. * ,l \« I said you would be sure to misB it, and besides it would be such a bad omen. ' _ ' He seized my wrisfs and tried to force ' K ' * *, v.--' it off. I resisted all I could. There was * quite a struggle. He became more and '' more violent, until he seemed half mad, and hurt my hand. I cried out. He persisted, l_r and had nearly torn the ring off by main force, when, in striving to wrench my hand „ , u away, the ring slipped out o? his fingers, „ ''*'' '~ flew off up into the air, and must have ' .1 - fallen — well, heaven knows where, for we ' - . 't did not even hear it fall. It seemed to ;spurt away, as it were, and vanish.' Again Lucy paused, and this time swayed as if she would have fallen. As Dartrell ' ' ^\ held her, he saw-she was ghastly pale. '» ' '- ^ ~ 'Are you faint, Lucy?' he asked, speak ing more tenderly now. ' » / 'Very,' she replied. ' Here,' he said, ' hold on to me— another yard and you will be at your aunt'u * ' ~ door;' '''???.?'?.' ; - ~? They managed to reach it and knock, ' and for the moment she slightly recovered —recovered enough to say faintly : ' Well, we lost it— we lost . the ring, ' Bobby. For two mortal houra we searched everywhere— -everywhere, and could not find it, do— all — we — could.' The door opened and : as ahe turned to step in she fell heavily forward oh the „ - - ? floor. ? ' There, keep her perfectly quiet. The iiijury is not serious, I hope. She waB severely stunned, and she is doing very s * --J5 well now. I will be here the first thing in the morning.' ' - ^ Thus said the doctor, who had been sent for when Lucy was carried into Miss Hab- ; f good's house perfectly senseless, ., s ' Ob, no, you mustn't think of taking „- /y har home tonight,' continued the doctor, — \ in answer to Dartrell's inquiry. 'I would not answer for the cinsrquences.' - v So thiB settled it. The husband watched ' by his wife's bedside until she slept. Tory ?*''* quietly, then, he sought Miss Habgoodj and after some conversation, told her, in explanation of their visit, all that had « ' happened. The old lady appeared greatly concerned naturally, but, being a woman of consider able nerve, had not lost her composure for an instant. ' Well, Mr. Dartnll,' she said, 'it waa a very foolish affair, and arises entirely from people not being perfectly straight forward. I am always straightforward, at leaot when I'm allowed to be do.' She seemed to think this ended it, but, as Robert Dartrell's face bore signs of great i anxiety, not unmixed with anger, she went) on : ' I don't know that anything more io to -^ _ ^ be said. I don't think you need be anxious after what the doctor told yolU Lucy will get better in a -few days, and it will be all over.' ' I am sorry I can't agree with you, my dear Miss Habgood. It appearo to me fov from over. The explanation of the ring may be true enough, but you cannot eapect mo to condone my wife'o intlmaoy with , x Mr. Luttridgo when it goeo to the longtty t-| her vieUfog him oteafoattopty to hie »w^ ' ')?'??? \\- ' ' fcoona, us she did by her own confession. Is '?Sf --'- ' ' - have always objected to the intimacy, and ?} r' »he knew it..' !,' '. --' . ' Bab., my dear sir,' broke in Miss ^'-L^ ? - Hab^Ocfd, ?' you don't suppose ? ' pl ;: r' ~ *' Excuse mej I may suppose anything. /? :-? '' . . You know as well 6s I do that he is do way '~ '? '-' r* .g - xelated to Locy. There is no blood rola '/'/,'- tionehip, nothing to prevent — you under . 7\' \ Stand what I mean.' ';.,' ; , , The old lady bit her lip, and for the first .j '' -,;? time showed signs of uneasiness. '[' r ' ' I am surprised at you, Robert DartrelJ,' ';' Bhe said ; ' but perhaps I ought sot to be, \ * ?' knowing of what a jealous man ia oapable, l,\\.. , and you are a jealous man— a very j salons man. I foresaw the likelihood of trouble 5'-'., in this quarter. I said aa much to the \ v, '[' ? Colonel, and I implored him over and over ,,--.''? x again to speak out, end make a clean breast J^ of it. After my dear sister's death there ;-„-?-.. ; waa no need for secrecy. You ought to have i ;' been told, when you asked for Lucy's «. , * - hand, and he should have told both Lucy \- , and Horace long ago. They both ought to ? ' 7 have known, if only as a precautionary measure, to prevent the possibility — well, -i':;,V', '-, *° prevent the possibility of their falling '????}) 'i - _ in love with each other. Not but what,' '-}' - ' ',' she went on, ' Nature manages these ';.';- - ' things better than men. Quite early it \- ?'/? n - ' was evident to me natural instinct was at work, and put a barrier at once to and $,., ?' ' thought of love arising between them.' J \ , 'But, my dear madam,' said Dartrell, ' '''-- , ' I don't follow you. You say I ought to _?' '' *' have been told, and Lucy ought to have '.*,'?'*? . _ been told, and Mr. Lufctridge— but what ought I to have been told T' ' Ah ! that's the point. It; all comes of not being straightforward, as I say,' . 'But really I don't fully^ understand. Pray tell me ! What do you mean V Dartrell's face had brightened a little, for he began to perceive a glimmer of the truth. ' I repeat, what ought I to have baen v * / told?' ? The aid lady looked at him keenly, bi*. ' '? hit lips again, and then h-H move slowly — '' '„- ' Heaven forgive me if I tell you, for I \ . promised the Colonel on hia death -bed that ' / . I would keep his sectet to my dying day. . - Still I must break my word now it has ' ' come to ttii?. Yes, I must. WeU, then, my dear sir, in two words Horace Lutt iidge and Lucy are brother and sister. Colonel Wynyard was the father of both.' Bobby roBe as if a load had been taken from his shoulders, and,..uttering a sigh of relief, sat down again — the shadow of that terrible doubt was gone. Then ho said — ' Thank God ! Yes ! I ought to have been told. It would have spared mo m tny anxious, bitter moment.' ' Pardon me, R jbert Dartrell, if I say that with the exeroisa of a little more com mon sense you could have spared yourself all anxiety on the point. Loving Lucy a* I believe you do, you ought to have had more trust in her, for without trust there I ?, cannot be complete and perfect love.' j 'You are quite right,1 my dear Miss Habgood— dear aunt, I hope I may call \- ' yon. I have been a great ass — excuse me : — I have been very wrong, I mean. I de i , - ser^e to suff .r, and I have ; but the lesson ? - the last twelve hours has taught me will not be easily forgotten, I prmise you.' \--:-- Nor was it. Even Horace Luttridge, ?who had onr.aged by the skin of his teeth \- . ? to save his reputation as an honorable man, also learned something that was useful to him on that memorable day of the fog. When he wants advice now, and he fre quently does, he seeks it from Robert Dar trell in preference to his wife, and if art is - and Government official aro not intiinat.1, they are at least very good friends when they meet. IToxes iake shelter in strange places when hard pressed by the hounds, but perhaps the strangest ever known was the shelter of a woman's arms to which a Newport Pagneli fox entrusted himself The woman was soon surrounded by the pack, and in tbe circumstances ifc was lucky that the fox was the only sufferer. Many offers, among them several from Great Britain and the United States, have bean made 10 purchase the suminer bouse of Emmanuel Swedenborg. At the same time great efforts have been made to keep it in Sweden, and these have been successful. The surnraer-house waa a few weeks ago eold to Dr. Arthur Hazelius the founder of the Northern Museum at (Stockholm, and will now be removed from its present 'location, a back yard in that city, to Slcauson, a zoological garden and ?ii branch of the aforesaid museum. Hwo ion- j ,.v ' borg is said to have experienced most of I '. , ' his visions iu this ltttlo house, 