Ike Jewelled Skull, A Romance from a Detective's Case Book. BUSILY engaged one morning in my office in trying to solve some knotty problems that «ailed for/ my earnest attention, I was sud- denly di8tnrbed by a knock at the door, and. in answer to my "Come in !" ona of my Assistants entered, although I had giren atricb. orders that I was not to be disturbed for two hours., "Excuse me, sir,"said my man, "buta . gentlemon wiahe3 to see yon, and will take L no denial."-' "I thought I told you not to disturb me under' any circumstances," 1 replied some- what tartly. "Yes, so yon did. Bab the gentleman insists npon seeing you. He says his busi- ness ÍB most urgent." " "Who is he?" "Here is hi3 card, sir." I glanced at the card the assistant handed tome. It boris the name v: v * : CoLOjhsL MAURICE ODEIX, The Star and Garter Club. .: Colonel Maurice Odell was an utter . jitranger to rae. I never hoard his name \ before ; but I knew that the Star and îarter Club was a clnb of the highest rank, and . that its members were men of position and . eminence. I therefore considered it prob able, that the Colonel's business was likely, as he said, to be argent, and I told my assistant to show him in. A few minutes later the door opened, and .there entered a tall, thin, wiry- looking man, with an unmistakable military bearing. I "Pardon me for intruding upon you. Mr. ' Donovan," he Baid, bowing stiffly and formally, " bnt I wish to coisult you about a very important matter, and, as I leave for ' Egypt to-morrow, I have very little time at i my tiiBposal" '* I am at your service, Colonel," I replied, <?. as I pointed to a seat. "I will be as brief as possible," he began, i . ashe placed his highly polished hat and his . umbrella onthe'tablo. "I am a military . . man, and have spent much of my time in India, but two years ago 1 returned home, and took np my residence at tho Manor, Esher. 't wice since I went to Jive there the place has been robbed in a somewhat mysterious manner. The first occasion was a little over a year ago, when a number of \- antique silver cupB were stolen. The Scot- land Yard authorities endeavored to trace v . the theives, but failed." " I think I remember hearing something ?' about that robbery," I remarked, aa I tried I*- ¿o' recall the details. "Butin what way waa it a mysterious one?" " Because it was impossible to determine . how tho thievei gained access to the house. The placo had not been broken into." J ' " How about your servants ?" I asked. . "Oh, 'I haven't a servant who isn't .- ' honesty itself." " Pray proceed. What about the second j robbery?" That is what I have come to you about. ; lb is a very serious business indeed, and hat \- ' been carried ont in the mysterious way that characterised the first one." 7 "You mean it is serious as regards th« value-ôf the property stolen?" "In one sense, y BB; but it ÍB something ? . more than that. During my stay in India . I rendered very considerable service indeed co the Rajah of M coltan, a mau of great \- wealth. Before I left India he presenccd , me with a souvenir of a very extraordinary character. It WBB nothing moro nor less than the skull of one of his ancestors." "EXCUBB me, Colonel, bub you can hardly expect me to devote my euergies to tracing . r this fiomowhat gruesome souvenir of yours, ^l ^hioh Probably the thief will hasten to bury %^a$8pèedily as possible, unless he happens tc î-.i be;0f a very morbid turn of mind." Í ^ ^'Vïou are a little premature," said the Colonel, with a suspicion of sternness. . f That skull has been valued ab upwards of £12,000." . j. fi Twelve thousand pounds ?" I echoed, as my interest in my visitor deepoued. "Yes, sir; twelve thousand pounds. It is fashioned into â drinking goblet, bound with solid gold bands, and encrusted with precious stones. In the bottom oí th« .goblet, inside, is a diamond of the puresi water, and which alone is said to be wort! two thousand pounds. My friend th< Rajah told me that if ever I parted with it or it was stolen, ill fortune would eve afterwards pursue me." "i'ut you bay you leave for Egypt to ¿ morrow?" u'. " Y*a. And shall probably be absent si: ; months." ' . Then I had better travel down to Eshei at once." I retired to my sanctum and reappearec in a few minutes in the character of ¡ venerable parson. As ir» was importan that nono of the household should knov that I waa a detective, I begged that hi , would introduoe me ns the Rev. Johi JV /Mársba'l, ánd then we took the train do wi tó;Eshei.'' . . I ^fonnd that besides the goblet som , : ,-áhtJque rings and a few pieces of gold am silver had been carried! off The lost skull ; had been kept nader a glass shade in what the Colonel called his " Treasure Chamber." It was a small room lighted by in oriel window. The walls were wainscoted half way up, and the upper part was hung with tapestry. The Colonel assured me that the door of this room was always kept locked, and the key was never out ot his possession. The lower part of the chimney of the old fashioned fireplace I noticed was protected by iron bars let into the masoni y, so that the thief, I was sure, did not come down the chimney ; nor did he come in at the window, for it only opened at each side, and the apertures were so small that a child could not have squeezed through. Never- theless the. thief had succeeded in getting into the room. How did he manage it? That waB the problem I had to solve, and that done I felt that I should be able to get a clue to the robber. I found the ColoaePs family consisted of his wife-an Anglo . Indian lady -three charming daughters, his eldest son, Ronald Odell, a young man about 24, and a younger son, a youth of 12- The family were waited upon at table by two narlor-maids, the butler, and a page-boy. The butler was an elderly, sedate, gentlemanly-looking man; the boy had an open, frank face, and the same remark applied to the two girls. As I studied them I saw nothing calculated to raise my suspicions in any way. Indeed, I felt instinctively that I could Bafely pledge myself for their honesty. _ "Ronald "Odell was a most extraordinary looking young fellow. He had been born and'brought up in India, and seemed to suffer from an unconquerable lassitude that gave him a lifeless, insipid appearance. He was very dark, with dreamy, languid eyes, and an expressionless face of a peculiar sallowness. He was tall and thin, with hands that were most noticeable, owing to the length, flexibility, and thinness of the fingers He sat in the chair with his body huddled up ta it were; bis long lega stretched straight out before him ; his pointed chin resting on his chest, while he seemed to smoke his cigar us if unconscious of what he WM doirg., . J'¿¡ H-wing passed the household in review without result, I requested that I might be allowed to spend a short time alone in the room from whence the skull had been stolen. The floor was polished and immov- able, but a part of the wainscoting gave back a hollow sound to my raps, and I was of opinion that the room had been entered by a secret door. Although convinced that the panel which gave-back the hollow sound was a door, 1 could detect no means of opening it. ____________________ On rejoining the Colonel, I asked to be allowed carte blanche in thc matter, and this he granted. I told him that many things necessarily seemed extraordinary when the reasons for them were not understood, and with that remark I took my departure, having pro- mised the Colonel to do everything mortal man could do to recover the lost skull. Three days later I went down to the Manor disguised as a working plumber, and was admitted without .any difficulty. As a servant was showing me upstairs to the top landing, where a trap-door in the ceiling gave access to the leads, I passed Ronald Udell on the stairs. He was attired in a long dressing gown, had Turkish slippers or his feet, a fez on his head, and a cigar ii his mouth, from which he was puffing great volumes of smoke. His face was almost ghastly in ita pallor, and his eyes had tnt same dreamy look which I had noticed on my first visit. His hands were thrust deep in his pockets, and his movements aud manner were suggestive of a person walking in his sleep, rather than a walking conscious man. This suggestion was heightened bj the fact that before I could avoid him he ran full butt against me. That, however, seemed to partially arouse him from thc lethargic condition, and turning round wit l; a fierceness of expression that I scarcelj deemed him capable of, he exclaimed " You stupid fool, why don't you loot where you are going to,?" I muttered out an apology, and he strode down the stairs growling to himself. My object in going on to tho roof was tc see if there was any communie ition between th*re and the " Treasure Chamber." 1 noticed a trap-door between two chimney stalks, but found it fastened. So after a time I went back and. inquired of th« servant where the communication with the other trap-door was. She conducted me tc the lumber room, which she assured me was haunted, and there left me at the door, saying, "There you are, but I aint agoing in." The room was in total darkness, but having procured a candle I commenced tc explore. It was filled with a miscellancouf collection of lamber. A flight of step3 led tc the trap door 1 had noticed on the roof, bul I found they had not been trodden on for s very long time. The walks of the roon were wainscoted. Going down on my knées I examined the floor with a magnifying glass, and detected footmarks made bj slippered feet that led to one particulai corner of the room. This was very sugges tive, and on rapping the wainscot in tha part found it was hollow. Unconsciously '. touched a spring in the woodwork, um the door swung open. By the light of thi candle Ï discerned the head of a fligh of steps built in the thickness of thi wall. I saw unmistakable traces o slippered feet on the steps as I . descended I reached the bottom, and found furthe Eregress barred by a door that was withou andie or lock ; but, after some time, I dis covered a small wooden knob sunk in thi woodwork at the aide, and, pressing this the door, with almost absolute noiselessness slid back, and lo ! the " Treasure Chamber: was revealed. In the face of this discovery I no longer entertained a doubt that th thief had entered the room by means of thi secret passage. And there was no one ii the whole household upon whom tn] suspicious fixed with the exception of Ronali Odell. If my assumption that he was th' thief was correct, the mystery was so fa explained ; and my next step was to discove why he had robbed his father, and what h had done with the property. He was s strange and peculiar that somehow I coull not imagine that he had stolen the thing merely for the sake of vulgar gain, m; impression was that in carrying off th jewelled skull he waa actuated by somi extraordinary motive, quite apart from th mere question of theft, and this determine me to shadow him for a time in the hop that I shonld succeed in soon obtaining dis tinct evidence that my theory was correct. Before leaving the house, I sought a interview with Mrs. Odell, who w's anxiou j to know what the result was of my investi ! gation ; but I considered it advisable, in th then state of matters, to withhold from he the discovery I had made. But, as he ! curiosity to learn what I bod been doing o: the roof had been very great, I informed he that my theory was at first that there wa some connection between th« roof and th " Treasure Chamber ;" but, though I ha< not proved that to be correct, Inevertheles was of opinion that the purloiner of th articles resided in the house. Whereupo: she very naturally asked me if I suspectei any particular person. . I answered he candidly that I did ; but that, in th absence of anything like proof, I should nc be justified in naming anyone. I assure her, however, that I would use the mos strenuous efforts to obtain the proof wanted. Before leaving her I remarked i: a casual sort of way "I suppose Mr. Ronald is at the head c affaira during his father's absence ?" " Well," she began, with evident relue tance to say anything agaiust her son " Ronald is of a very peculiar disposition He seems to live quite within himself, as i were, and takes no interest iu anything ¿na matter of fact, I see very little of hin i for he "usually Bpends his evenings froi home, and does not return until late. Th greater part of the day he keeps to hi :? ? :>-a_Ja. rooms. I am sure I am quite concerned í about him at times." ! It fell to my lot to solve this mystery a week later. I shadowed him to a house I situated in a cul de »ac in tire very heart of the'city of London. I ascertained the house was in the occupation of a club consisting I of Anglo Indians. The premises were in ' charge» of a Hindoo end his wife, and the members of the club met on an average five niehts a week. All this WRS SO much more mystery, but it was precisely in accord with the theory I had been working out in ray own mind. The next afternoon I went to the house, and the door was opened to my knock by j the Hindoo woman, who waq a mild- eyed, I sad-looking little creature. I asked her if she could give me some particulars of the club that was held there, and she informed me that it was known as " The Indian Dreamers' Club." But beyond that scrap of information she did noü seem disposed to go. " Yon had better come when my husband is here," she said, thereby giving me to understand that her husband was absent. Bat as1 deemed it probable that Bhe might prove more susceptible to my persuasive influences than her husband, I asked her if she would allow me to see over the premises. She declined to do thi3 until I displayed beforo her greedy eyes certain gold coins of the realm, which proved too much for her cupidity, and she consented to let me go inside. The entrance hall was carpeted with a thick, massive carpet, and the walls were huDg with black velvet. A strange, sickening odour pervaded the air. I passed through a curtained doorway into an extensive apartment that ran the whole depth of the building. Daylight b'-ing excluded, I the light waa obtained from a large lamp of blopd-colored glass, and which depended from the centre of the ceiling. 'J here was also a niche at each end of the room, where I a lamp o'f the old Roman pattern burnt. The walls of the room were hung with purple velvet curtains, and the ceilmg was also draped with the same material, while the floor was covered with a rich Indian carpet into which the feet sank. In the centre of the room was a table covered with velvet, and round the room were most luxurious couches. The same sickly odour pervaded this remarkable chamber, which was like a tomb in its silence. Cn the velvet on one side of the room was inscribed in letters of gold this sentence : " To DREAM IS TO Liva ! DREAM OK, FOE TO AWAKEN IS TO DIE '" While still engaged in examining the room a bell rang, and instantly the Hindoo woman became greatly excited, for she said it was her husband, and that he would beso angry if ho found me that she would not be responsible for the consequences. She therefore thruBt me into a recess. Nothing could have happened better, for I was resolved to remain in my place of conceal, ment till I had solved the mystery of the club. CHI ¿A j?} 7"J The Indian woman had told me the mem- bers of the club met at 7 o'clock. As thc hour drew near the door opened and the kui band of the woman came in. He was a tall, powerful, fierce-looking maa, wearing a turban and dressed in Indian costume. He placed three or four small lighted lamps or the table, also a number of quaint Indiai drinking cups, which I recognised from the description of Jthose that bud been stolei from the Manor a year or so previously, to gether with 12 magnificent hookahs. These preparations completed, he retired, and a quarter of an hour later he returnee and wound up a large musical box which ] had not noticed, owing to its being con cealed behind a curtain. The box besan t< play muffled and plaintive muBic. A fev minutes later, and the Indian once mon appeared. This time he wore a sort of dress inggown of some rich material braided witl gold. He walked backwards, and following him in single file were 12 men, the first beinj Ronald Odell. Five of them were men o color ; three of the others were half-castes the rest were whites. But they all had th< languid, dreamy appearance which charac terised Oded, who, as I was subsequent^ to learn, was their leader and president. They ranged themselves round the tabb as silently as ghosts ; and, without a word Ronald Odell handed a key to the Indian, who proceeded to unlock a chest, and toot therefrom the skull goblet, which had beer carried off from Colonel Odell's "Treasun Chamber" by-could there any longer bo £ doubt?-his own son. The skull, whicl was* provided wih two gold handles, anc rested on gold claws, was pUced on the tabb before the president, who poured into it th< 1 contents ol two small bottles which wen given to him by thc attendant, who tool them from the chest He then stirred th< decoction np with along silver-hmdled silvei spoon of very rich design and workmanship, and which I recognised, from the descrip tion that had been given to me, a3 one tha had been taken from the Colonel's collec tion. As this strange mixture was stirrec the sickening, overpowering odour that '. had noticed on first entering the place be came so strong as to almost overcome me and I felt as if I should .suffocate. But '. struggled against the feeling as well as ] could. The president next poured a ema] portion of the liquor into each of the 12 cup that had been provided, and as he raised hi own to his lips he said " Brother dreamers, success to onr club May your dreams be sweet and lons» !" The others bowe¿, but made no response and each man drained the draught, whicl I guessed to be some potent herbal deeoerioi for producing sleep. Then each man ros and went to a couch, and the atiendan handed him a hookah, applied a light to th bowl, and from the smell that arose it wa evident the pipes were charged with opium As these drugged opium smokers leanei back on the luxurious conches, the conceale musical-box continued to play its pluntiv melodies. A drowsy languor pervaded th room, and affected me to such an extent tha I felt as if I must be dreaming, and that th remarkable scone before my eyes was a drear vision that would speedily fade away. One by one the pipes fell from the nerve less grasp of the smokers, and were remove by the attendant. And when the last ma had sunk into insensibility, the Indian fille a small cup with some of the liquor froi the skull goblet, and drained it off. The he charged a pipe with opium, and, coilin himself up on an ottoman, ho began t smoke, until he, like the others, yielded t the soporific influences of the drug and th opium and went to sleep. My honr of triumph had come. I steppe from my place of concealment, feeling fair and strange, and all but overcome by a irresistible desire to sleep, I managed to stagger to the table, seiz the goblet and the spoon, and make my wa to the door. As I gained the passage tb Hindoo woman confronted me, for she wa abont to enter the room. " What is the meaning of this ?" sh etied, as she endeavored to bar m passage. " stand back !" I said, sternly. '*I am detective officer. These things have bee stolen, and £ am about to restore them 1 their rightful owner." She manifested supreme distress, bt recognised her powerlessuess. Getting t the thoroughfare I hailed a cab, and drov homo with my prize, and the followirj morning I telegraphed to Egypt to a address the Colonel had givsn me, inforn ing him tint I hud recovered the goblet. The same day I went down to the Mane at Rsher, and had an interview with Mn Odell. I felt, in the interest of her soi that it was my duty to tell her alli ha learnt the previous night. She was terrib] distressed, but stated uh at she had suspecte for some time that her son was given t opium smoking, though ibo had no ideal carried tho habit to such a remarkab extreme. She requested me to retai possession of the goblet and the spoon unt her husband's return, and, in thc meantim she promised to take her weak and mi guided son to task, and to have the seor passage in the wall effectually stopped up. I should mention that I had managed ' fa ve a small quantity of the liquor that ivas 'n the goblet when I removed it from the club table ; and I sent thi3 to a celebrated analytical chemist for analysis, who pro- nounced it to be a very powerful and peculiar narcotic, made from a combination of Indian herbs with which he was not familiar. The dénouement has yet io be recorded. A few days later Ronald Odell, after drug- ging himself as usual, was found dead on one of the couches at the club. This neces- sitated an inquest, and the verdict wa* that he had died from a narcotic, but whether taken with the intention of destroying life or merely to produce sleep there was no evidence to show. Although I had no evi- dence to offer, I was firmly convinced in my own mind that the poor weak fei'ow had committed suicide, from a sense of shame at the discovery I had made. Of course, after this tragic affair, and the exposure it entailed, the Indian Dreamers' Club was broken up, and all its luxurious appointments were sold by auction and the members dispersed. One of the rules was that the members of the clu!* should never exceed 12 in number. In thc course of six months Colonell Odell returned from Egypt and, though much cut up by the death of his son, was exceedingly gratified at the recovery of the goblet which the misguided youth had no doubt purloined under the impression that it was useless in his father's treasure room, but would adorn the table of the Dreamers' Glob, of which he was president. The motto of the club was singularly appropriate in his case : " Dream on, for to awaken is to die." He had awakened f'om his dream and passed into a State where dreams perplex not. -Abridged from the Strand Ma<jat:ne. 