COUNTRY SKETCHES. THE MEREAJONG EAID. Br A. M. Ii. Sometimes the Merrajong men beard during the night the clank of chains and the drag ging footfalls of some heavily-ironed man. They did not call each other when this hap pened, but shot out the sound with blankets. It was the Merrajong banshee, to bear whom meant evil fortune, and to see whom lore had owed death. They told round the fire, or in the half-light, how the mysterious figure was seen the night before the news came of the drowning of the former owner of Merra jong. Had they watched for the banshee? Catch a Me/rajong man tempting Providence by such foolhardiness! They -believed in him to a man, and all who had heard bim took an anxious care of themselves for months. In the early days Merrajong bad been worked by convicts, who behaved and were treated like wild berate. An old tree stood midway between the manager's cottage and. the shearers'hub From its gaunt trunk, at a man's height, from the ground, two limbs branched out, giving it the shape cf a cross. All that they said might not be true, but one fact was eeif-evident For twenty feet round the ground was as bore as a board. Ton were told it bad been so worn by the feet fsf twket-of-leave men -tied np- to the triangles, and that grass bad never grown on its surface since, when you looked at the loft, full of old irons, and listened to the legends, you wondered that the tree itself hid not withered. Shearing time had arrived, and-Merrajong, a P.U. shed, shore short-banded, under the '94 agreement - That it-had formerly shorn nnion rendered its fall from grace conspicuous in the eyes of the agitator?. Already a cloud, in th$ sharm of .Smfjfcearis ing from a union oamp, iaydaxk on" the horizon. The manager, to quote a saying of his men, was as mod as a wet ant Hie bod sworn with characteristic recklessness and unneces sary vehemence to eat his hat if his shed shore union, and it now looked as If be might here to fulfil bis vow. Himself energetic to o fault, be managed for on owner who lived fa the land of lots of time.. The fire-arms-ordered for his men were alreadysix days late, and the manager devoted ins spare time to de nouncing alternately the. owner and the bookkeeper, propping.hb -toli form i some coCTenfont /jMfoport,. would his head and enjoiu his triend toj The htokfceeper, was deliberate; „_,did inucb. ana smoked eve' jffti iwoforemaat oocvioaona werel ...astral from hia placid calm and without Ins short black pipe. This waa when Aurana won the Melbourne Cup, and he jumped upon hia pipe on hearing the newa. He rejoioeu alone, for the hut to a man had conaiderea it to be all Hova. „ . The manager had plagued the Fohce de partment until it had savugely granted lum i four troopers. Thus he counted on six i armed men against an enemy one hunureu ! strong. To hima. lf he admitted ne [spondently that the odda were long- A,,e ' " liaahly " dressed agitators, when they came I to interview the manager, were courteous ana i plausible. Merrajong waa doubtless un ; aware that it was breaking the union rules. I The mauager had but to say the word and \ they would supply him witii the full cotn | plement of men, who would do hia wort ! well and quickly. A delicate stress upon the word " full" aroused the ireof the manager. The row of stooping, perspiring men glanced up from ttieir sheep, and the clip clip of the shears became light and slow as they listened. Circumstances had w,ln drawn the restraining inlluence of the ',0°k" keeper, who was to hia friend what a break is to a buggy, and the manager, erect with indignation, snid what he had to Bay, not wisely but too well. He forgot that words are given us to conceal our purpose; that it was a situation which required tact, and, above all, time. Instead of temporising, he threw caution to the winds. In vigorous words the agitators were shown how they appeared to the manager, and they were not pleased. Their past career ami subsequent fate were graphically sketched for them in a way that was mor£JVtrid than-flattering, and the bookkeeperfcoming in upon the tail of the storm, vu^thhiide'rstruik. He propped himself against a wool-pen and eyed the flushed coupWhanc^ p£"the. inaiiuEef re provingly. I X ' " Alter tftjs.^ihesaid, " the deluge?' That nigh^ltfeV ^xiariager ah\l the book keeper faced eafch-Cityper.agrees the sitting room table. Between tliem lay a letter from the owner. It fold of thiny revolvers, with ammunition to match, which would arrive at Merrajong three days alter the news of their approach. In the opinion of the ma nager this would be three days too late, and he wished to Heaven the blithering idiot had kept the firearms to himself, since he could not send them in good time. The small dark eyes of the bookkeeper twinkled as they rested on his favourite pic ture. This represented the head of a beauti ful blonde, with a shell-pink complexion, golden curls, and a crown of red and white roses. She was announcing in capital letters thst Derby tobacco was absolutely the purest and best. It was an open ques tion as to whether the bookkeeper admired her most for her charms or her sentiments. Ordinary tin tacks pinned the corners of the' other prints, which were mostly sporting, but the beauty was held in place by four brass fastenings of a highly ornamental character. The weatherboard walls were further relieved by whips, spars, i and cartridge belts, and the mantelpiece looked like a chemist's shelf with its wooden ! jars, and poison, and its collection of oils and liniments, which ranged from St. Jacobs and ; " Elliman's " downwards, liy the time the [bookkeeper's first pipe whs finished the I manager had brought himself to the onecon I elusion there was to be arrived at. Unless [ they could bluff the enemy for three days the ! game waa up. Things must go on as usual, and all he wanted was three clear days ana nights. Anxiety after that made the manager testy to everybody. One of the oldest hands in the shed was dismissed for nicking a sheep, and for answering hastily when spoken to. The shearer retaliated by deserting in dignantly to the union camp, and the book llbeper looked on with sardonic approval. Had anyone buttheir well-tried manager been guilty of such flagrant injustice the con sequences might have been serious. As it was, the men only marvelled at his lack of temper, and shore more cleanly and closely than before. The tallies during three days were reduced by tens and twenties. From daybreak tili dark the manager watched and waited. The unexpected voice of the cook with tea and brownie, or the sudden, shouts of the rouseabouta yarding the sheep, sent his hand to his revolver with a jump. A dozm times a day, with an ugly smile, he drew and in spected the cartridges. He wore quite a track to the top of the piled-up bales, wbich commanded a view of the plains superior to that offered from the floor. All the pre cautions that could tie taken were taken. Four troopers guarded the 6hed by day; by night they slept with the men. A l ight cart, with a pair of good horses and a driver chosen for biB skill, waited at the railway station for the precious case. Wbeu the manager could withdraw his attention from Hie watch for the unionists he turned his eyes longingly in the direction of the station. The bookkeeper, smoking as he matured plans for himself, waited with Micawber-iike cheerfulness for something to turn up. On the night of the third day the manager lay on his bed by the open window which overlooked the men s hut. It was past mid night, and lie was sleeping soundly. The strain of the past days had made him thinner, and he scowled even in hia dreams. There was no light in the cottage except that of Hie moon, the rays of which caught the bluish barrel of the heavy Colt lying on the table beside the bed. It kicked like a gun, and carried Winchester bullets. Though the manager was unaware of the fact, the weapon was harmless. - The bookkeeper had druwq the charges half an-hour before. He ex plained iatsr thst he considered shooting a fool's came. iwiapiac. The manager slept till a pistol-shot brought him So-his feet with a bound. Round the hat wsss .circle of n>«>, and a little distance beyond, them a-*$*®op of saddled horses. In his youth the manager had been a runner, bnt newer had be sprinted as he now did across the two hundred yards between him and the hots. Behind him came the words "<Jo slow, ddhwifc Go slow!" He cleft the crowd, ana stood with bis back a cn ins t the bat before, theywere aware of his presence. His men wgrteteff bound with topes, three troopers bad been disarmed, and the fourth, who had fired tba warning shot, struggled in His grasp of tiro unionists. "bet gol* cried the manager fiercely. "Let go, or 111 Shoot I In surprise tbay obeyed, and the crowd brokeinto a laugh. The manager saw that only.a few^cartied revolvers, ana he grasped bis own mi the hand of a trusty friend. Facing the besieging pwty, he spoke feelingly of the rfck tbey^ren by breaking the law, ana Re painted "in glowing colours the penalriBsattached thereto. , Ode of the spokesmen coolly answered that they wain ted big indh, and -meant to have; them. The ganitfer, scarcely knowing what he was saying, offered ^ to fight the kK»e*limbedMsnt jwho led the onionista for theJIerrajong men. This eposed them that they an him too, as so »pjaisrsirEi»*S5 I altogether, lie Gred point blank at the ■ grinning speaker. The aim was true, but i there sounded only six sharp clicks, tin I awered from amongst the mob by one shot. | High above the tumult roared the voice of the unionist leader, ordering all weapons down. "Couldn't they see the little lool waa harmless ?" There was a bullet hole in the wall three inches to the left of the manager's ear, and a bewildered astonishment on the manager's face. He hurled his revolver at the head of the man nearest him and struck out.That man weut down like a ninepin, and the manager went with hiui. Altera brief scrimmage he found himself Bitting propped against the hut, staring at the moon, and linked wrist to wrist with the trooper beside him. The trooper was in the act of ejaculating " Great heaven I" He waa saying it with strength and fervour. No one took any notice of the manager as he scrambled bo his feet and followed the general gaze. Standingin the moonlight, with one spectral hand on the trunk of the convict tree, was a tall and appalling figure. As the manager looked, the hand dropped level with the shoulder, and the thing advanced. On the still night air then broke the Bound of Iron smiling iron. There was not a man present who required to be tol i what that sound meant. In paralysed silence they watched till the broad arrow on the uniform and the ircn running frotn neck to ankle were distin guishable. The face 6bone with a pale, luminous light, save where a dark jagged gap ran from ear to chin, and the wliite teeth glittered in a maniacal grin. It was the Merrajong banshee, the forerunner of death. When it came within forty yards the unionist leader jerked np his revolver and fired. A cloud crossed the moon at that moment It cleared to show the figure some five steps nearer, advancing unwaveringly. A I sudden breath, drawn sharply through shut teeth, went up from the crowd. Behind them the horses were beginning to plunge. Again the leader fired, and still the thing with pointing hand came on. With an onth the big man flung down his revolver and ran towards the horses. Have you seen a mob of frightened sheep break after a leader ? Head over heels, fall ! ing over each other iu their haste, union and ' non-union mixed in one wild panic. The men ran, too. The trooper plunged forward, fell and rolled over in the dark, dragging the manager with him. The mob tied wildly across the plain, and the night was alive with the thud of (he horses' hoofs anil the shouts of the Merra jong men, who, crippled by their bonds, toiled frantically after them. The ghost staggered against the hut, and was emitt ing Bbouts and yells of diabolical mirth. The trooper, who had taken one backward glance, was going strong ou all fours towards a clump of bushes. And the manager, follow ing not cheerfully but of a necessity, and in the fashion of one who swims, was clutching at every obstacle with his free hand and drawing largely upon an apparently un limited vocabulary. 