A EMLIAY TMGEDX '"I don't know much about firearm's, so a would like you to pick me out what you consider a good weapon." The salesman ran his eye along the rows of revolvers. t "This is one I can recommend," he eaid. Its barrel glinted blue, its stock ."was pricked out in ,nickel, 1and its hammer filled with a glittering cylinder like the nose of, a ferret in a rat-hole. "Ah, yes, that looks iall right. Is It loaded? No. Kindly .explain to me liow the trick is done." After he had seen the cartridges shoved into the chambers and had paid the price, Arthur Brackenbridge slipped the weapon into liis breast pocket, made his way along the Strand, and, turning sharply down Villiers street, entered the underground station. "Earl's Court, first return," he said at the pigeon-hole, but he hastily corrected blmself. "No, not return; single I mean. Earl's Court, first single." He pocketed the ticket, grinning ruefully as he said to himself, "The return win fee a. free journey this time, I imagine." Half-way down the dirty stairs that lead to the platform he suddenly paused. .• • "What in the world Dossessed me to take a first? Third would have done me quite as well. What an ass I am today. Ah, well, I have lived in this world •first-class, and may as well go out of it first-class." A few waiting passengers sauntered up and down the platform, smoke •liung in fantastic blue whiffs, writhing a nd twisting and swirling lazily towards Jhe roof; and . the gas buried yellow in the great glass globes that hung above the footway. "The ticket inspector at the foot of the stairs, his punch dangling to hi? fingers, carried on a flirtation with a buxom wench of rarvingmald class. ... "Besides, It will Iqok bettei on the •evening paper bill. 'Suiei&e; in a Thirdclass Underground' seems cheap. Fewpersons of class enter the 1 ,undergr6und, and none travelsthird: 1 "Substitute first tor third, and itefffrrJt..' should make a rather taking bill, you .know." At this point, in his soliloquy Arthur Brackenbridge became aware of a .curious . growling <rujh>leis that rapidly grew into a roar, and as if' In fear of this ominous, sound ^the black tunnel began to yomit smoke that gushed out in a dense cloud-bank. At last two yellow eyes trembled and blinked ih the darkness, and the next instant a Richmond train came, wheezing, rocking, 1 screeching; and grinding out of the fclackness, and'stopped with a jerk at the platform Brackenbridge ran nimbly along the carriages and Jumped into the first empty compartment. Placing his hat In the rack, he list down the window and stuck his head far out, as though looking for a friend — a trick much resorted to by lovers <and schoolboys who wish a compartment in themselves. On this occasion, however, the stratagem was unavailing. At the moment the train was about.jto move on a brawny man rushed past the ticket inspector, and, grasping, the handle of the door, gave it such a lightning-like twist' ;and pull that had Brackenbridge not drawn in his head with rapidity he must have found himself at full length on the platform. Without one word of apology the stranger. shut the door with a bang, and flung himself into a corner, never once glancing at the young man, -who stood "In the middle of the compartment looking the anger he 3Eelt. To Arthur Brackenbridge's way of thinking, the entrance ot this stranger was abrupt to an uncalled-for degree, and the thought of hownarrowly he had escaped being flung out of the carriage determined him to remonstrate. - So he opened by saying .in his decided manner, emphasised by the anger that was in him: , "My seat, sir!" The stranger glanced up : his eyes •were' bloodshot, and his features set and hard. He said nothing, however, and sat tight. i • : • . "My seat, sir." ; This time the strange*- did not even condescend so much as a glance. "For the first time I tell you that you are In my seat. If youdoubtme, my hat on the rack above will prove what I say." 'Without a'word the fellow flung himself Into the opposite corner. "Gad, he's a cool customer," Arthur muttered as he took the^ seat, vacated by the stranger. The man sat, or rather lay along the cushion, his two hands deep into his trousers' pockets and his eyes fixed on. his foot as It rose and felj to the rocking of the carriage. He was a man past middle life, fairly well dressed, and sturdily built. " I'll startle this cold-blooded fellow before I'm through with him," ^Arthur Bracenbridge thought. Leaning forward, he addressed the sullen man: '% would like you to change compartments at the next station;" The man stared-angrily at the speaker. "And I shall do nothing of the kind " lie replied, decisively. '1 advise you, sir/for- your own comfort, to ch'ange." . . "I look after my comfort without assistance from others. I shall not change." " As you please," Brackenbridge replied, in a careless, tone. The train crunched, and ground, and shuddered, and came to a standstill at Westminster Bridge; Arthur Brackenbridge spoke: "Allow me, sir, tp advise you again to change carriages. It will not put you to much trouble and may save you a lot I speak in all good faith." "" \ The heavy man ranhis eye over the other, and there was unspeakable scorn in the glance. Then he again turned his attention to the dancing boot. When the train disappeared into the tunnel Arthur Brackenbridge sat up. "As you have seen fit to disregard my advice, given, as I before said, in all good faith, I can only hope; sir, that you do not object to me committing suicide. I intend to blow my brains out before we reach St. James's Park station.** The surly man leapt wildly to his feet. He threw open the carriage d^oor and the xpar of the tunnel drowned Brackenbridge's cry to "stay." Steam and smoke in a purple cloud, and sulphur smells belched in and filled the compartment The younger man had grasped hold of the other's arm. At last the door was shut, and the two stood facing each other. Brackenbridge grinned. ''I gave you fair warning. It crossed my mind that you might prefer to be eleswhere-—" "What do you mean? You are not going to kill yourself?" "Ah, but I am." • ! "Good heavens, man, you're crazy!" "You speak like a coroner's jury sir r As crazy, but I'm terribly sane, which, as far as I can make out, amounts to pretty much the same thing in this world. It Is only the insane that would try to live after the events of this awful day. I'm too sane to attempt to do so." The elder grlowered into the evps of the younger. He was much the' taller of the two and had to stoop low. j "Whom have you done for?" he asked abruptly. -'.What do you mean?" The young man felt a trifle uneasy under toe ether's bloodshot eyes. ;; . ' ^ "Whom have" yqjj made away with ? What did he do to you to make you do the deed?" The fellow stepped hurriedly back Into the corner, and looked about him as though he feared he had been overheard; Arthur Brackenbridge blurted out: "What the deuce do you mean, sir. "Done for?' "Made away with ?' What an ideal You're crazy now, Instead of me. It is I have been murdered, foully and brutally murdered. Yes, ?sir, twice this day. But here we are at St. James's and the little affair not done. I trust to your honor not to say a word to the guard, for as sure as he comes for me I shall fire, and in my hurry may make a mess of it, you know. Now, out you get, that's a good fellow, and God bless you, sir. For some reason quite unexplalnable I wish to be alone when, when—well, good-bye. The surly man stepped out, walked a dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a second or two, and then hurriedly retraced his steps, entered the compartment and shut the door after him. "No, may I be hanged if I leave you." Brackenbridge sat wearily back in the cushions; The stranger stood looking down upon him. "Postpone the deed for just on<* station more . I want to speak with you. May I?" Brackenbridge nodded an enforced affirmation,. and the heavy, man seating himself: a silence followed. At length the stranger said: . "There is but one crime in the long calendar the devil has prepared for us that warrants a man taking his life." "Yes? What is that crime, may I ask?" * "Murder." "My dear sir," said Brackenbridge sitting up, and speaking with animation. "My dear sir, a murderer has no need to kill liiself." "You mean Society will do the job for him?" "Not at all; I mean quite a different thing. A murderer dies the instant his victim dies." "O! indeed, I did not know that." "It is so, nevertheless. A murderer may walk about, and be to all outward appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, he is as dead as Pharaoh. His hold on the world is relaxed. His selfrespect is dead; his manliness is dead, his liberty, is. dead] his. ease of mind has been slain by the self- same• blow that slew his victim ; everything that constitutes life Is slain, and lies dead within him, a rubbish heap with his heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath it all. Breathing, working, walking, talking, seeing—all such things are but the incidents of life. A life of falsehood and subterfuge, of wildly fleeing from a consequence, is death In its most awful form." Brackenbridge spoke rapidly and with bitter vehemence. " I tell you,' he continued, "murder changes a man from a living being to a craven coward, a coward who fears to live, aind fears to die." The heavy man sat in silence for some moments. "It seems to me," he said at length, "that one who contemplates suicide is a still more deplorable creature than a murderer." 'I don't see matters in that light at all." "Well, I think you will agree that one Who has committed murder may, at least, ; be presumed to have been brave at the moment pf the deed." "I suppose there is something uncanny about taking .human life that demands valor, of one kind or another," assented Brackenbridge. "But with suicide it is altogether different," continued the stranger. " The actuating impulse is cowardice, pure and simple, a weak determination to es- cape threatened pains of body or of mind. But I maintain that to deliberately, with premeditation, slaj r a fellow man calls, forth one glorious outburst of manhood, one period of physical triumph, of mental exultation, ineffable, supreme; a moment when a man's feet are on the spheres, when his head is ablaze in the sun, his soul is a great licking, rolling crimson flame, and his arms are reached down through endless space to the spinning world, and his fingers creep among the crowd to clutch his shrieking victim, clutch him, and roll him in the palms, crush his bones, squeeze him. crunch him, and roll him again and again, and work him gradually, gloatingly, towards the fingerrtips to hurl him, a pulpy mass, into space and everlasting blackness. Ah! I call that-a. supreme moment, when the, crimson flame of soul-fire leaps through the smoke-clouds of. a smouldering life to the very sky!" ; The stranger had started to his feet, his eyes great and full of fire, his hands clinched^ above his head. Whirling round "and facing Arthur Brackenbridge he demanded : "Why would you kill yourself?" "I have lost. my. fortune, and- " "What is that? You talk of cowards! I thought you valiant, you thought yourself so! Bah! why waste good powder and ball. You fear to live because, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite so pleasant as formerly. Sordid coward" "It's not altogether a matter of money," faltered the young man. The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. "There's a warrant " "Then you are a criminal?" "No, I am not." "Why the warrant?" "My partner has landed us both in fraudulent bankruptcy " "Are you Innocent?" "Absolutely." "And you fear?" "Well, there is as much shame as fear "You are vain as well as a coward." "To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience; at least, so I gather from the newspapers." The heavy man sat down again and gazed at Brackenbridge contemptuously. "Young man .what a craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice is so great that you are willing to stamp yourself guilty by self- murder rather than face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should have thought you would have implored some one to come with you while you took the leap in the dark.Why were you given youth, strength, health, good strong arms and sound heart if they were not intended to overcome obstacles ? Think! would it not be greater far to step out before the world and say 'Here am I an honest man; where are my accusers?' rather than to lie on the floor of a railway carriage with a wreath of powder-smoke for a crown?" "Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole fortune is gone, the fact that it has been lost causes the police to 'want' me, and the fact that the police 'want' me has lost me—well " "Out with it! Lost you what?" Arthur Brackenbridge a matter did of not truth intend and o to say more, but the strang-er's commanding gaze and imperative question left him powerless to resist. At every station he prayed that some one would enter the compartment, but the Underground is a contrary line. No one disturbed them. "What else hare you lost?" demanded the heavy man?" "Well, to 'out with it' as you ask—the girl to whom I am engaged—or was." The stranger threw back his head and burst into a flood of laughter wherein there was no ghost of a trace, of mirtb. Brackenbridge .felt indignant • at the .sarcastic levity of 'his new found combatant, but said nothing. "Girl," the heavy man shouted. 'Fine girl, indeed, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound. She gave you her word and now tells you to your face that, she will not keep it." "She has not. I tell you she—ishe " "But you have just this minute said she told you to go about your business " "I said nothing of the sort." "Then how know you that you have lost her?" Brackenbridge was silent. "Let us be honest one to the other. Answer me: How knew you?" "Her : guardian, her aunt, told me." "My young friend, take the advice of one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman—never. Give me that revolver you have in your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now we are coming to Karl's Court Station. Get out; be a man; walk up to the first policeman you meet—or, better still, hail a hansom, and teli cabby to .drive to.the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector: *I hear there is a warrant out for me. I have come to give myself up, if you want me.' " "By George! I don't like to do it, you know, I swear I don't ; but I suppose your advice is good. I must say I do not fancy passing through the machinery of justice—the stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Kolloway as weli. don't like the idea, I say." "Nonsense. I have little doubt that you'll find the plank bed in the cells more entertaining at least than the stone slab cf the morgue." "Don't speak of it, sir: not another word. I hadn't thought of that 'pon my soul, I hadn't. You make my flesh creep." The stranger grinned for the first time. Arthur Brackenbridge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the carriage. He stood for a moment, his back to the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he said : "Yes, you're right. I'll do it; I'll give myself up and see what becomes of me. My name is Brackenbridge ; you will, without a, doubt, see it appear often enough in the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever becomes of me, you, sir, have saved my lifel Whether you have done me a good turn or an levil one has yet to be seen; but to-night, at least, I am graetful, very grateful. That slab keeps recurring to m ymind, you know, and—well, goodbye, my friend/and God bless you, sir, God bless you!' 1 The two men clasped ha.nds, gazing into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. The "heavy man sat huddled in the corner, his brows contracted, arms folded,- and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The muzzie smelt blood; it looked blood. Without one glance at the weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered: "Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. But he says: 'No; not one life, but two you have taken—two! two! your victim's and your own.' I believe he is as right in my case as I was in -his, and the balance- is against me, against me— hopelesly against me; against me now and for all eternity. He said to me : *God bless you, sir!* I thinlc that is of good omen. He is the last I shall meet on this earth, and he said, 'God bless you, sir!'" With his thumb he drew back the hammer of the weapon until it 'clicked" twice. "I may as well end my flight by instantaneously putting myself out of reach of my pursuers; and it is better that I do it with the young man's words ringing in my ears. He was flying to his death; I from mine. He found life; I find—" At Hammersmith station the travellers by the train gathered round the compartment, to stand tip-toe and peer into it while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful .collapse; and next morning's papers contained the news of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbridge. —"The Ludgate." 