IN QUEST OF OLU. A STORY OF THE TRANSVAAL. I landed in Port Natal with golden hopes in my breast and eighteenpence in my pocket. The hopes and the pence vanished quickly. There happened to be a wave of hard times in the colony just then ,and everybody was grumbl ing. Gold was said to be plentiful up country, but I had no means of getting there. I knocked about for a day or two, and when my last copper was gone I was lucky enough to run across the proverbial friend. in need. IIe was an Englishman named John Garwood, a big, red-bearded chap, with the build of an ox. I soon saw that he was close fisted and hard at a bargain. It wasn't much of a chance that he offered me, though I was mighty glad to take him up. tie had been in the colony for several years, and so far had met with poor success. But he was going to stake his little all on a search for gold away up beyond the Trans vaal, and as I had nothing to chip in for a partnership he agreed to take me along as a hired helper. I was to get a few shillings a month, whether we struck it rich or poor. It was a one sided contract, but I was not in the posi-. tion to kick. Garwood's outfit consisted of a stong rFaggon and eight seasoned bullocks, a.tent, two rifles, a bramece of revolvers, and a lot of mniing tools. For driver he hired a wizened and tough little Hottentot, who was about 40 years old, and knew every part of the colony. I took a mistrust to Janka from the first, for lie had a wicked eye that could never look. one straight in the face. He was a fair blacksmith and waggonwright, a dead shot, and an un tiring hunter. Garwood had picked him up at Pietennaritzberg and he admitted that lie had a reputation for impudence and laziness. "Don't you worry," Ihe said to me be fore we started. "I know how to manage these blacks. Janka is too valuable to part with, an as long as I am his master he will behave like a faithful dog." "I don't deny it," I replied. "You know the ropes out here, and I'm only a green hand. But his looks are against him." So we three started north, and I won't tire you with an account of the long journey. At the end of two months we crossed the Limpopo River, and the Transvaal was behind us. Ahead was n wild and beautiful country, but little known in those days. Garwood was as fearless a man as ever lived, and though it was a daring and foolhardy thing to do, we pushed right on into the land of the Matabeles. You know what lively scrimmages the Chartered Company had there. At that time the savages were more bitter to wards white men than now,' and we located our camp in the saftest place we could find. It was part way up a little valley,and in among thick timber. There were tall mountains right and left, and a bit of a stream brawled by the tent. And, if you'll believe me, that stream turned out to be chock full of gold. I could hardly find it to-day ,and 1 reckon no one else has stumbled on it yet. Ah, what a time we had ! Garwoo4 and I cradled the pools from morning to night, and the canvas bag of shiny nug gets grew heavier and heavier. And it fIdnhlonged to him by the terms of the you, but I worked on and kept my mouth shut. So did Garwood, and I calculated he would drive his bargain to the last letter. I had no reasons. You see he was a grum, close-mouthed sort of chap, and it was all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a month, more or less, that we stayed in that lonely nook of Matabele land. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggets to shovel into the bag. No savages came near us, and we saw no trace of any. We lived royally, for the IIottentot was a rare good hunter; and .Tanka was on his good behavior, I'm bound to say. He was as meek as . lalh, and when he sometimes saw us fingering "the gold he would look at-it stupidly and carelessly, as though the shiny nuggets were no more to him than so much dirt. Ah, he was a cun ning rogue if ever there was one. One night, when tihe canvas bag was so full that we could hardly tie the mouth shut, a queer thing happened. We awoke in the morning to find our two rifles gone. They had been car ried off from our very sides. We hunted all around, but it was no use. Garwood knew mighty little of spoor ing, and I knew less; so we had to rely on Janka. The Hottentot had a ready solution for the mystery. He pretend ed to discover signs of naked feet in the trampled grass around the tent, and declared that two sranses hado.ststa te-rtnna est"ne-llr gnt; -rnen- no -crept off into the jungle like a cat, promsting. to track the thieves, and intimating that he might bring our property back before evening. Naturally we had little hope of tihat. I suspected the black scamp, though I don't know just why. I hinted as much to Garwood, but lihe only laughed at me. Then lhe looked sober, and said that the iMata bele had likely stolen the rifles to make us defenceless, and would be coming to take our lives next. We counted it lucky that our re volvers were left. They had likely es caped attention, being fastened to our belts while we slept. We loaded them carefully before we -trudged up the stream to where we were working. We did not do much that morning, owing to a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. We watched and listened a good bit in between the cradling, and at dinner time, finding we hIad forgotted to bring our lunch, we struck back to camp. Janka reached the tent just as we did, only from the opposite direction. He looked fagged out, and his feet and body were scratched by thorns. He was empty handed, except for his cus tomary spear. "Wher arare our rifles?" Garwood asked, sharply. "You are a pretty fel low to send after thieves!" "They had much start, laas," said the Ilottentot, in a sullen tone. "'ul tures on the wing could not have over takon them. I follo'ved their spoor to a Matabele krnaal yonder," pointing -to the west. "The dogs of thieves had en tered tile gate. I lay hid close by in the bushes and listened. I heard much talk and saw many things. At noon day all the fighting watrriors.of the kraal will start for the white men's camp to slay thiem. They will be here by the falling ofthe sun." Janka looked us straight in the eye as he spoke. His words and mannier bore the stamp of truth. Though I be lieved him capable of any villainy, I would have. sworn that now he was not lying. '"How many are coming?" demanded Ga¶'wood, oaling under hslsroase ki? The Hottentot lftttd~th ri btia-nfi rapidly S..0.dIa-id opened his fingers a dozeni times. "That many, baos." 'It's safe to count on half a hun dred," muttered Garwood, turning to me. "We're dead men if we stay here; ny, and we're as good as dead anyway, for these bllacks will track no like fiends. It's a slim lchance." "But worth the trying,"' I .replied. "If we start at once, we can cover a good many miles by evening. The oxen are In prime condition." Garwood nodded. "We're leaving a glancing regretfully at the stream. "And taking one with us," said I. He looked sharply at me for a couple of seconds, and I knew he was asking himself if I expected a share of the gold. I had not-meant it that way, and I blushed with confusion. Then he understood, and his eyes dropped. "We'll be off at once," he said. "Our only chance is to keep ahead of the Matnbele until we reach the Limpopo." With that we fell to work. Janka lent us a hand, but every now and then he was taken with a fit of shiver' Ing. Either he was mortally scared for his life, or it was the finest bit of acting I ever saw. Well, we got. off in short order, and as soon as we were clear of the valley the bulfocks went rattling over the grassy veldt, with the waggon swaying and bouncing behind. Garwood and I lay in the rear end, watching every hill crest and clump of shrub, and listening to the crack of the IIottentot's whip. But, to make a long story short, the Matabele did not show up. We trla velled hard all that night and well into the next forenoon before we ventured on a few hours' halt. We were off again at sunset. and two days later we sighted the LimDpopo, and crossed at a fording. We felt safe now, and were even a little ashamed of our hasty flight. But we did not dream of going back. We had had quite enough of the perilous country of tihe Matabeles. We took our time on the long journey through the Transvaal. heading in a direct route for Port Natal. From what few words Garwood let fall, I surmised that bIe was going home to England with his fortune. I felt pretty blue over my own prospects.. The wages that were due Ine would last but a short time after reaching the coast, and if the times were still dull I might have trouble in finding employment. T'n afraid I had some bitterness to utards Garwood; fob I knew he had driven a hard sarganm with me. Ite was as glum as ever, and we found-each other's company pretty monotonous. We had pushed on after sunset be cause the Vaal river was not far ahead, and we hoped to-out- span there before midnight. Garwood was squatted itn Dutch fashion against the tail-board, smoking the last crumbs from his to nacco box. I was stretched across the bed of the waggon, directly behind the driver's seat. )ly head was pillowed on the bag of nugrgets, and my eyes were hal:f-closed. 'Twice I saw Julnka give sue a quick g:;ure over his shoulder. and when he did it a third time my old mistrust came to life again. I lay still, peeping from under my eyelids, and wondlering what it meant. 'lhat was where I made a mistake, though I can't say I regret it. All at once Janka swung round, and swift Is lightning jerked smy revolver out of my helt. With a twist of his hand hie reversed the weapon, and brought the butt heavily down on llmy forehead. Though dizzy with pain. I gave a loud cry and struggled to nmy knees. I saw Garwood spring up, reaching for his pistol, and just then tMe llottentot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and Garwood threw up his arms and fell backward out of tihe end of the waggon. I staggered to my feet, and, whipping out my hunting-knife, faced .anuka :as lie thrust the pistol into my face and pulled the trigger. The chamber either missed fire or was empty. and before I could take advantage of the opportnunity the wiry little IIottentot dropped the weaplon and Jumped squarely down on me. 'The gold! The gold!" he screamed shrilly. "It is all mine, bans, for you are a dead man!" I was accounted pretty strong in those days, but the dizzy crack on the head had put me at a disadvantage. Moreover, I had lost the knife. As I went down I gripped the Hottentot as best I could, and for a couple of min utes we thrashed over the waggon bed, locked tlIr t heIpter. I wsas grow syseiup for lost. Jankas wias 'rzr with rage and greed, and his skinny museles were like iron. His purpose was to get at my throat and throttle mue. The bullocks were moving slow ly, but all at once they bellowed and broke into a gallop, and I heard the roar of a lion off to one side. The waggon began to sway and pitch furi ously, and Janka and I were flung from side to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minute, like a flash. the waggon was over on its sde, and I heard the bag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Ilottentot was undermost now, iutt I was too weak to hold him there. He would soon have twisted loose, 1'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The waggon had been bumping along on its side, and of a sudden it took a header down a stony bank. There was rushing water at the bottom, and into it we went-waggon, bullocks, and all. I was clean under before I could open my mouth, and then I had sense enough to hold my breath and kick. The current must have washed me out of the end of the waggon, for I casme to the top of the river-it was the Veal, as you have likely guessed and saw the shore a title way off. I gained it by swimming and wading, climbed upn the bluff to a patch of grass and fell clown In a dead faint. It was early dawn when I. - duo' I res cuipper. except for tltea?naIuful -bumpa n-mnyhead. The river was a yellow flood, and there was no sign of. bullocks, waggon, or Janka. I was a little below the top of the bank, and when I scrambled up, I was tihe most surprised and delighted man you ever saw. The bag of nuggets lay a few yards off, and standing beside it was John Garwood. IIe had a bloody bandage around his head, and I took him for a ghost at first. "I thought you were dead !" I cried. ".It was a close shave," he answered, "but the bullet only ploughed my scalp. I've been lying back here on tihe veldt all night. Where's Janka and the teamn" I told him my story, and his face grew as soft as a woman's. "You're a brave fellow," he said, "and I havn't treated you squarely. But It ain't too late to make amends. You saved the gold, and half of it is I ron't take it," said I. "You will," said he, and as his voice had the old stubborn ring, I didn't argsie the matter. The Taal being rapid and swollen, we lkIcw it was no use to look forthe team, nor did we doubt that Janka's drowned body was tangled in the wag gon. We bought a cart and bullocks fr'om a Dutch farmer, and made our way dovwn to Port Natal. The bag of gold didn't 1hold exactly a fortune, Iut it gave each of us a tidy little sum. Garwood wvent hIome to England with his. I bougIht a farm here in Natal, stocked it with cattle and sheep, and put up thle nuldings. That's how I got my first start, and I've prospered ever since.-Correspondent "Pck's Sun." 