A BALLARAT GHOST. A "ghost scare," which has occasioned considerable amusement in Ballarat, occurred the other night among a number of the cabmen plying for hire between the city and the new cemetery. It was approaching midnight, and the Jehus had drawn their vehicles up in line at the cemetery gates preparatory to setting out on their last return trip to Ballarat. The night was dark and squally, and one of the drivers, gazing listlessly into the cemetery, was startled to see, as he believed, a moving figure carrying a lighted lantern, which flashed "like a beacon on the sea coast." Addressing his mates in the rank he cried out—" As I live, boys, see the ghost over yonder. Let us all scoot home as fast as we can." Several jumped into their vehicles on seeing the apparition, and drove off posthaste towards the city. Two "brave fellows," however, remained to "lay out" the ghost. Entering the cemetery grounds they wended their way along one of the winding paths in the graveyard, when the glare of the light "widened out," and they came to a standstill to hold a consultation, and it was decided to "report the ghost" to the sexton, Mr Rattray, who resides within the cemetery enclosure. Roused from his slumbers be ridiculed the fears of the cabmen, one of whom—a nervous Hibernian—assured Mr Rattray that a ghost was " walking around," and described its get up and dimensions vividly. The sexton invited the cabby to "come and see." "No fear," was the reply, " we'll not go up towards that thing with the lantern." On reaching the gates the sexton, sure enough, saw a kind of illumination away back some 500 yards in the cemetery, and striking a direct line towards it he walked up to find that the supposed "ghost" was merely a newly erected headstone of polished marble, on which were reflected the rays of a street lamp, fully a quarter of a mile from the cemetery fence. During the visit of the Australian Eleven to Canterbury on August 6, 7, and 8 no lack of entertainment was provided for them. On the Thursday night they witnessed the confetti fete and the procession of illuminated cycles and cars, and on Friday were entertained at luncheon in the corporation tent on the ground by Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P. for the city. On the Friday evening at the theatre four of the combination—Messrs Trott, Musgrore, Iredale, and Johns,—appeared on the stage in the epilogue, annually produced on the last night of the Old Stagers' amateur performance. They were greeted with hearty cheers, which lasted several minutes, Australia (Miss Aileen O'Brien), in company with whom they appeared on the boards, speaking the following lines, which were most cordially received:— " From a land of iron-bound coast come I, Around whose barriers moans the sea Where the trackless plains in the sunshine life, And the myriad flocks go roaming free: A land of gold from the desert wrung, Of gum trees tall and wattle bloom. Where the starry cross in heaven bung The wanderer guides through the bush's gloom. And as champions sent from that far-off land, Travellers over the grey sea's ways, I bring in my train a cricketing band To wrest from old England the victor's bays." Last week's revenue on the railways amounted to £43,210. Passenger fares increased by £1249 compared with last year, and live stock freights by £702, but there was a decline of £1060 on goods. The net result for the week is an improvement of £1191. A number of children were playing in a paddock near Brighton Beach last Saturday afternoon. One of them, a lad of 11, named Bertie Hellar, accidentally fell into a deep waterhole. He was in imminent danger of drowning, when one of his companions named John Bavington managed by clinging to the bank to help him out of the water. The boy who effected the rescue is only 10 years of age. The balance-sheet of the Tandarook Cheese Factory shows that the profits for the past year amount to £663 11s 10d. The price paid per gallon of milk was 4 1/2 d. Mr Duncan M'Rae, son of Mr Finlay M'Bae. farmer of Round Hill, Broadford, met with a nasty accident on Sunday, when riding home from church. His horse bolted, and when crossing the Dry Creek bridge, which was wet and greasy, fell with him, breaking his leg, below the knee. 