THE UNITED STATES | PRESIDENCY. | The M'Kinley Boom. | A Tidal Wave for High Tariff. Why the American People Believe In M'Kinley— Hard Times and Free-.) Trade Experience Toaoh Them - a Lesson. The selection of M'Kinley as the Republi can candidate for the U.S. Presidency by the Republican Convention, held Inst week, was a foregone conclusion. The leading newspapers throughout the Union ' can- vassed the States, 'and . leading men every where went solidly" for M'Kinley. . Writing' on the New York canvass on-March 23 the San Francisco Argonaut asks :— . ' ; "What is the reason for this siarength.of M'Kinley, a Western man, in New;.-York' State, tho home of Morton, the governor of that State,- once elected to the Vice-Presi dency; and now a Presidential candidate ? The answer is plainly to be seen in the ex pressions of opinion made by the business men composing the various exchanges. All were interviewed by the Tribune, and their replies fill many columns. Without the names we give some few. replies: — "As a high-tariff man I favour the nomination'of ex-Governor M'Kinley." "There is no better man -for President than '-M'Kinley ; he - is . a . high-tariff.-man,-a - good --E- publican and an-. able statesman.'- "I am for M'Kinley because he is a strong protectionist." "As a strong pro tectionist, I favour M'Kinley." " 1 am for M'Kinley because he is a representative of high protection." " M'Kinley made a good fight for protection, and he ought to he President." "I am a high-tariff man, and I favour M'Kinley." "M'Kinley is a high protectionist; so am I ; ho is my candidate for President." "M'Kinley is for protection, and that is what we produce-exchange men .want." " I believe improtection, and I am firmly for M'Kinley." "I am a protec tionist, and I favour William M'Kinley." "M'Kinley should be , nominated; ho is the champion of protection, and tho " hard times of the last' four years show that we need protection." " I am for M'Kinley ; lie represents protec tion, on which the next campaign must he fought; people' do not mind a tax on a dinner-pail so long as they have a good dinner in the pail." These remarks, made by hard-headed business men, will show what is be hind the M'Kinley boom. Thoro are no bosses behind it. The M'Kinley boom is backed up by tho American people. The cry of "M'Kinleyism" will not hurt M'Kinley. Tho business men, the manu facturers, the farmers, and the workingmen have had "Wilsonism" and "Cleve- landism" enough and to spare. As for tho threat that merchants "i'oar a revival of tariff agitation," all tho mer chants in tho country know that business could not ho any worso than it has been under tho democratic administration for tho last throo years. Throats of a " busi ness paralysis " in case of a change in tho tariff "are idle. There could bo no worso business paralysis than we aro suf fering under now. Every time tho tariff has beon reduced in the United States, tho samo condition lias occurred. When tho tariff was reduced in 1812, it brought this country to a condition which made even Thomas Hart Benton, Democrat though he was, say in a speech that "thero is no price for property; there aro no sales except/ thoso of the sheriff ; thero is no employment .for in dustry ; there is no demand for labour ; there is no sale for tho products of the farm; there is no sound of the hammer except th'at of tho auctioneer knocking down proporty." Theso words of Senator Benton sound almost as if thoy had been based upon tho condition of affairs that have existed in this country since Grovor Cleveland, tho Democratic party, and the Wilson tariff nearly ruined it. But (continues the Argonaut) leaving the question of the popular boom for M'Kinley, let ub look at his practical chances. Thoro is no doubt that, while he has the people behind him, he has the bosses against him. It is only within the last week that thoy have becomo convinced that his candidacy is dangoroua, and thoy aro growing desperate. Such is their desperation that they havo splitthe party in some Soutliom States, and in Texas thero will bo M'Kinley and anti-M'ICinloy con ventions. Tho bosses have been for tho last fow months meeting inNew Yorkand Wash ington, and discussing whom they should put up. Thoy decided that they wanted somo man whom they" could handle." Thoy concluded that thoy would " take no cliancoB." Thoy did succeed in making an arrangement with Tom Roed by which they made him think that they wero for him, and honco tho silence of that onco outspoken individual since tho present Congress has been in session. Tho three original bosses, Piatt, Quay and Clarkson, began " fixing things " with others. Man- loy and Sam Fessenden wore taken in as representative of Tom Roed and New Eng land. Hobart, of New Jersey, joined them, j They mado advances to Foraker, but ho and Bushnoll wore committed to H'Kinloy by a bargain in Ohio. Tho bosses did succeed in gotting Kollogg, of Louisiana, Cuney, of Texas, and somo other losser Southern bosses. Thoy failed to make terms with Alger, of Michigan, Henry Payne, Spoonor, Sawyer, Stovo Elkius, and Carter, of Montana. But they thought they had a strong enough combination to down M'Kinley, and they began en- couraging the "favourite-son " business. This tiiey hopqd would keep M'Kinley down to about 300 votes; Quay is trying to hold Pennsylvania, Piatt New York, Roed the New England States, Clarkson is holding Iowa for Allison, Elkiua West Virginia and Manderson Nobraska. . But thoy have failed. Thoro docs not seom to be the ghost of a ohance for any "favourite son.'.' 'Even Tom Roed, who' a year ago was tho foremost candidate in Re publican eyes, seems to havo faded away, and his bulky person is as misty as an X-ray photo. His frionds have practically given up the fight. InNew York theMorton meu still talk in a melancholy manner, and Iowa is strong for Allison. But when tho . convention meets theso " favourite sons " will be swopt from their feet by the popularity of M'Kinley. It is so marked that Tom Reed recently re marked sardonically : " It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. The hard times are making . M'Kinley Presidbnt of tho United States," To coino down from generalities to specific facts, lot us look at M'Kinley's strength. On the present basis of representation 456 votes will he necessary to nominate in tlio Republican National Convention ; 136 dole- gates liavoboen chosen already, of whom 63 are instructed for M'Kinley. If this ratio continues M'Kinley will have 434 votes on tho first ballot, or within 26 of a majority I Delogiitos have been elected in part from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illi- "nois, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, New Y.qrk, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Distri.ot .'pi, Columbia, Iowa, and Kansas. Conven tions to bo hold this -month are : — Missis sippi, March 24; Massachusetts, March 27 ; Now York, March 24; South Dakota, March 25 ; Texas (anti-M'Kinloy), March 28. Next month's conventions are : Alabama, April 28 ; Georgia, April 29 ; North Dakota, April 15 ; Texas (M'Kinley), April 3 ; Ore gon, April 9; Maine,. 'April 16; Kentucky, April 15 ; Nebraska, April 15 ; Illinois, April 19 ; Now Jersey, April 16 ; Pennsyl vania, April 23. J.'-'--"...'. MR. T. B. REED. -;'F 