THE IVORY; LEG AND THE TWENTY-FOUR By Fergus Hume, Author o! "TheMystery of a.Hansom Cab,"' ; Momberaofa family may be; selfishly proud of their individual perfections, yet - take a collective pride in some special attribute or possession ;of -their race. The O'Gradys; for instance, flatter themselves on owning a genuine Banshee; the Maesniffa_ think highly of the hoarv tower built by Noah* Macsniff to escape a second^ flood: and the Fitztudors are proud of their royal descent from a frail ancestress and a dissolute king. Suchlike trifles give satisfaction to the most aristocratic families, and raise them (in their own estimation) above the commonalty. These do not recognise Adamic relationship otherwise than that they belong to the human race. The Dreuxfields, having made money by army contracting during the Peninsular War, cast round for some fetish to boast of,_ to expatiate on, and to bore their friends with.. They had no ancestors worth talking about; their baronial halls were a recent purchase, and the family ghost of the former proprietors, wot being a fixture, passed out with the appur tenances. Ultimately they hit on jewels as the most respectable things to be proud of, and, in pursuance of the idea, acquired twenty-four diamonds the like of which were nevct seen since Aladdin looted the Cave of the Lamp. These were not all bought at once, or by one person. Such wholesale buying would have reduced the whole affair to the level of a Pondrstreet purchase. The collecting of these gems took time and money, and (possibly) the loss of immortal souls. For the last fifty years every member of the family who could beg, borrow, buy, or steal a particularly fine diamond forthwith contributed thesame to the Dreux field fetish. Each jewel, worth no end of money, had a history, reputable or otherwise, and, finally, four-and- twertty gems of the first water were brought together to constitute the heirloom of the Dreuxfields. The fetish ever consisted'of these twenty four diamonds, but varied in the setting ac cording to the taste of the Mrs. Dreuxfield then in possession. They glittered a tiara for display at St. James's, or flamed a jewelled belt for a waist. Sometimes they separated into bracelets of twelve gems each, or again collected into a necklace shooting twenty-four sparks of fire. In this latter form they were now, as the present Mrs. Dreuxfield's fine neck and shoulders formed an admirable background for the display of their splendour. Exports valued the necklace at £20,000, and it fully justified in worth and appearance the pride of its possessors. All the thieves in London had seen those diamonds going to Court on the fair neck of Mrs. Dreuxfield, and had calculated the chances of getting them into their clutches. They never found an oppor tunity of stealing them, however, as when not in use they reposed in the strongroom of Dreuxfield Hall, Malvern, the key of which was attached to the squire's watchchain. Yet, notwithstanding the impossibility of a success ful raid, one famous cracksman swore loudly that lie would yet steal the jewels. So far he had not succeeded. His name was Cracky Bilj, of Wliitechapel, and he was wanted by the police, Cecil Dreuxfield, who had lately succeeded to the property, was a young man of thirty, whose parents dying within a year of each other had left him and his wife in possession of the hall and the diamonds. With them lived Cecil's sister Kate and Mrs. Dreuxfi^d's uncle Josiah Onslow. The young couple were handsome and agreeable, the sister was a pretty girl fond of the Curate, and the uncle a bad-tempered ancient who owned an ivory leg. This latter curiosity deserves special mention. It is not every man who possesses an arti ficial limb made of ivory, and the Major (he had retired from the service of the H.E.I.C. with that rank) was as proud of it as was Pelops of his ivory shoulder. Not born a Dreuxfield, he took no especial interest in the necklace, so bestowed all superfluous pride «n this ivory leg. Onslow had imagination, and should have been a novelist. As it was he told stories about that leg which outvied the u Arabian Nights." There were fifty distinct narratives as to how he had lost his limb and gained the artificial undestanding. . He never repeated himself, and lied like a journalist short of news. The leg was turned like that of a pianoforte, and carved out of all smooth ness. If anyone asked him if it was vegetable ivory ho threw everything handy at the head of the enquirer. "Vegetable ivory, you qualified fool!" he would roar; "no! genuine ivory—elephants' tusks, bless me! Toe Rajah of Dum-Dum gave me the leg for losing my own in killing a heavenly elephant that blessed nearly killed, liim." The adjectives in this speech must bo read contrariwise. j Onslow was not a nice man, and no great favourite with the young trio. He drank sherry, which was bad for Yiis liver, and played cards for stakes ruinous to his meagre purse. The love Dreuxfield had for his wife alone prevented him turning her relation out of doors. By dint of much self-control they put up fairly well with his tantrums, and. were glad when he visited London (which he did twice or thrice a month) to lose money at his favourite pastime. No one loved the old reprobate. Not even ! his servant, whom he bullied unmercifully, Perhaps the present valet had not been long enough in his situation to love the Major, for he was a new importation. Onslow rarely kept his men longer than a month. The incessant exercise of dodging missiles wore them thin. The new valet fared bettor, as he was deferential, and had been an attendant in a lunatic asylum. Moreover, he took a great interest in the Major's ivory leg, and when it was unstrapped at night always took it to his own room to polish up for the morning. "These little attentions pleased the crusty old j man. One evening in April the Curate came to dinner. He was a handsome, earnest young fellow, much in love with Kate Dreuxfield. His affection was returned, and there seemed every probability that there would be a match. Every one favoured the idea save Major Onslow, who hated the Cutate like poison. All the scandal he could gather about the Curate he repeated to Cecil, but as he had discounted his veracity by ivory-leg stories, this gossip merely provoked distrust. After dinner the curate followed Kate into the drawing-room, where he made love with the consent and in the presence of Mrs. Dreuxfield. Cecil, left alone with Onslow, drank his wine, smoked his cigar, and listened to the Major raging. He was particularly offensive this evening, and his speeches need expurgation. "I hate that sneaking parson!" he began ■without preamble. Dreuxfield interrupted him smartly. "You are in the minority, then. Jenny, Kate, and myself think no end of him." ** ParticularlyKate,* sneered theMajor. ' -If by the JeUow you mean.Clarence Newall, I have nbdoubt she will,* retorted Oeoil pointedly. ? I know of' no man to -whom j w „ t like parsons. . Then yon thought wrong, Sir. I am not aware of having manifested any particular die- - like to the Church. Besides, I was at college with Newall, and know him to be a good, honest fellow." # ; " I've heard different stories,* said Onslow; enraged by these contradictions; "it is said that. We wall was'in a fast set." "Maybe! but he was not fa&t; himself: You are thinking of his cousin, Clive Newall—the huffily, making for the door, "but, fiiarkmy words, he'll sell you yet. I never knew a parson that didn't." "Newall is quite sound, Major—as sound as that ivory leg you " His speech was interrupted by the banging of the " door. Onslow did not like his leg being made a jest of, and, moreover, finding he was getting the worst of it retired to bed. By no means sorry to see the back of this can tankerous elder, Cecil finished his claret, and went to the drawing-room. Here he found the two ladies and Newall in eager conversa tion. "The Major has gone to bed, Jenny," he said to his wife. " Lost his temper, as usual." "What a cross old man he is," said Mre. Dreuxfield, shrugging her shoulders. "Cecil, dear, I hope he nas not vexed you. I really think we ought to take away his ivory leg until he promises to behave better." " Never mind, Jenny," whispered Kate, he is going to town to-morrow, and will lie away some days," _ "You look tired, Newall," said Dreuxfield, patting his friend on the shoulder. "I have been busy to-day," answered the Curate, "and besides I'm rather worried over a family matter." "Thatscamp Clive again?" asked Cecil in a low voice. Newall nodded, and would have continued speaking, but Kate interposed. "What are you talking about?" she said; then without waiting for an answer, added, "Oh, Cecil, I want you to show Mr. Newall the necklace. He has never seen it, and you promised me this morning at breakfast to bring it out." "Come to the drawing-room, Mr. Newall," said Mrs. Dreuxfield, amiably, "andyou shall see it on my neck." " I think he would like a closer inspection," laughed Cecil. " I'll fetch it down here." Do," said Newall eagerly; "you havo no idea how anxious I am to see the Dreuxfield diamonds." "What a curious odour," observed Dreux field, sniffing; " you haven't any drugs in your pockets, have you, Newall?" " Not that I know of," replied the Curate, smiling, "but I was taking a bottle to a parishioner to-day, and the cork came out of the bottle. No doubt some of the contents were spilt." "Oh, that is it! You ought to be more careful. I declare you scent the room like a— perambulating drug shop. Sweet! heavy! sickly—ah! all! Chloroform!" finished Cocil, and departed for the strongroom. It seemed to Kate, who was watching his face, that her lover paled a trifle at this last remark. The momentary emotion passed, but she thought it strange. Then they fell to talking of the necklace and its worth. "I declare," said Mrs. Dreuxfield, with a pretty Bhudder, "that I am always nervous when going to the Drawing-room. To sit in a carriage with hundreds of curiouseyes fastened on those diamonds is enough to shake stronger nerves than mine." " I don't see why you should fear, Jenny. No one can steal that necklace! It is too well guarded." "Let us hope that 110 one will attempt so daring a theft. Ah! here comes Dreuxveld with the jewels." Cecil placed the morocco box on the table and lifted the lid. In the lamplight a glory Kven streamed from the twenty-four gems. Kven the two women, well accustomed to the sight, could not restrain a little cry of delighted sur prise. Newall drew a long breath and gazed steadfastly at the glitter bofore him. The OlUllCO, UUU DUgllUJ r5L/K auu UiWUlAI a circle of sunbeams. "A king's ransom!" ho said, and turned away as if to shut out the too fascinating sight. They amused themselves with the necklace for some time and then closed the box. It was left on the table. Shortly after wards the ladies retired to bed, and Nowall went up to the smoking-room with Dreuxficld. Hardly were they outside the drawing-room door when Cecil uttered an ejaculation of an noyance. 'What a fool I am," said he, "I quite forgot the necklace. You know where the smoking-room is, Newall. Just go to it while I replace the diamonds in the strongroom." Newall assented and moved away, while Dreuxfield went back for the necklace. The box was still on the table, and a glance inside assured him that the jewels were safe. Blam ing himself for his inconceivable rashness in leaving the treasure even for a moment, ho went to the strongroom. It was on the ground floor, and approached by a long and somewhat dark passage. With the case under his arm Dreuxfield fumbled at the lock of the door, when suddenly an arm was thrown round his neck, choking the cry on his hps. A cloth saturated witn chloroform was clapped over his mouth, and he heard the morocco box clatter to the floor as he lost his senses. Mrs. Dreuxfield in her dressing-room chattered with Kate about the Curate, and playfully bantered her on her chances of becoming a clergyman's wife. Then Kate retired, and Mi's. Dreuxfield prepared for bed. Somewhat astonished at the unusual absence of lior husband, she was about to seek the smoking-room and reprove him when she heard a loud cry. In a few minutes she was downstairs, and found Newall in the hall bending over the unconscious body of Cecil. " Wliat is the matter?" she cried, alarmed by this spectacle. "I don't know," gasped Newall, witli a remarkably pale face; "he left nio to put away the jewels. I waited his return in the smoking-room, lie did not appear, and I went iu search of him. He was lying uncon llanation canio ranged the hall. Last of all the Major, followed by his valet Jenkins, stumped down the stairs, loudly excusing himself for so late an arrival. Jenkins took my ivory leg to his room to clean," he explained. "I came down the instant it was strapped on. Now what is all this?" Explanations were made, a doctor ap peared 'on the scene, and Cecil sat up confusedly to give his version of the episode. " Chloroform!" exclaimed the doctor. "The diamonds!" said Dreuxfield, "I have been robbed." Tliis explanation did not mend matters. The moment before they had been concerned for the safety of their master, now each and all murmured wondered: what was the penalty for robbery. Palo her vants looked askance ob onoanotlior, [.and the - finale : domestios shrieked themselves into hysterics. Kate kept her head, andhore Mrs. Dreuxfield to heir room, leaving the men to deal with the matter. Unfortunately, at bo late an hour, little could be done, so there was nothing left for it but to wait, till dawn opened .the telegraph office. Newall, finding him self -useless in advising and doing, went home in company with the doctor. Cecil and the Major retired to bed, but not to Bleep. Few eves were closed at Dreuxfield Hall that night, and the air was charged with terror and suspicion. The diamond neck lace was gone, but no one, least of all its owner, knew who had thieved it so dex terously. The next morning Dreuxfield wired for detectives and called in the local police. I {who tell this story) was deputed to look after the case, and on arriving at Malvern was put in possession- of the facts. From such state ments 1 could not guess who was tlio thief, and proceeded to examine the servants. The result was unsatisfactory, and I tackled the gentry. Dreuxfield, his wife, and sister could tell me. nothing, and altogether the loss of that necklace was as deep a myBtery as ever I had to do with. It rather added to my perplexity when I found that Major Onslow and his valet had that morniug gone to London. He had ex SlaiuedThat lie knew a man who would eluci* ate any mystery better than a professional detective, and was going to fetch him down. Then I enquired after the Curate, and Miss Kate produced a hastily scribbled note. " Ho went to town this morning," she ex plained, not without embarrassment. "Do you know on what business, Miss Dreuxfield?" "Something connected with a relative," said she, glancing at the note. I must say that the conduct of the Curate appeared suspicious. Dreuxfield very un willingly told me of the chloroform episode in the drawing-room. This did not tend to ex exculpate Newall, so I examined the position of the smoking- room relative to the strong room. Both were on the ground floor, and it was easy to get from one to the other. I sup pose my suspicions showed themselves in my face, for Dreuxfield took me sharply to task. "I know what you are thinking of,"said he, " that Mr. Newall did not go to the smoking room, but when I rotumed for the jewels hid himself in the strongroom passage. You are wrong. It is absolutely impossible that ho should be the thief." " Yet his clothes were scented with chloro form—and by that drug you were rendered senseless." "Yes," admitted Dreuxfield, reluctantly, " but that proves nothing." " Nothing 1 Save that he must have had chloroform on him yesterday. Rather a curious drug for a person to carry. Then he went' to London tins morning. That looks suspicious." " I suppose you'll say he took the necklace with him?". " It's not impossible." "I have known Newall for many years," said Dreuxfield, earnestly, "and I assure you that bo is incapable of such an act," His sister, who had overheard our conversa tion, withered me with a glance. "Mr, Newall is a gentleman aud a clergy man," she declared indignantly. "I would as soon think of suspecting my brother as him. To-morrow ho returns, and will face the charge you have brought against him." " I have brought no. charge against—yet," I answered, aud so closed the discussion. Nothwithstanding all my efforts, I could discover nothing likely to lead to the arrest of the thief. The servants all proved alibi*, and supported one another strongly, after the fashion of their kind. In my own heart I suspected the Curate, and waited with some impatience for his arrival. A personal inter view would simplify matters. Rather to the dismay of Kate Dreuxfield, he did not return next day, thereby confirming my suspicions. Tho last train brought tho Major, full of stories about the Curate, none of wliioh re dounded to the young man's credit. " Do you know why I went to town, Cecil!" he asked Mr. Dreuxfield in my presence. "To fetch some special detective of your own." "That was merolv an excuse to keen Kate quiot. No! I followed Newall to town. " That is the Curate, Major," said I. "Yes, sir," he answered triumphantly; "that sneaking parson. I suspected ho had something to do with the robbery, and I am right." "Do you moan to say Newall stole the necklace?" asked Dreuxficld, looking very pale. " Yes, I do! I have no positive proof, but strong suspicions." " Those go for nothing." "Wait a moment, Mr. Drouxfield," I whis pered. "Let Major Onslow tell his story." "After the robbery," said the ivory-leg gentleman, "I thought the parson might have had something to do with it, as I neither liked nor trusted him. If my suspicions were cor rect, I fancied he would go to town next day, so at dawn sent up to learn his movements. Sure enough Newall was going to town by the 10 o'clock train, so without saying anything I followed him. Strange to say, he drovo from Waterloo to my own lawyers. I waited till his inter view was finished and then saw my solicitor. He of course refused to reveal anything, but hinted sufficient for me to know that Newall intended to pay him a largo sum of money on that day, I then had no doubt that Newall had stolen the necklace, and was about to raise money on it." " But I don't see " " Of course you don't," interrupted Onslow, cutting short Dreuxfield's remarlc, "you believe in the fellow. I don't, it know; and yoir Imow, ffialkA and yet traffics withl&wyers; over large sums of money; Afterthat discovery X left tne offioe and hung about all day——" " Meet respectable employment," sneered Dreuxfield. "It waa in your interest," reproved the Major with dignity. " In the afternoonlsaw thi8_ wolf in sheep's clothing coming back. While he was with the senior partner a clerk left the office and took a hansom. I followed in another. Ho went to the Bank and pre sented a cheque for three thousand pounds. I saw the cheque, it was signed by Newall. Now then,"continued Onslow triumphantly, " where did Newall got that money if not by pledging the necklace f" Dreuxfield. and I made no immediate com ment. Things looked fishy for the curate, and his actions fitted in neatly with the suspicion that lie was the thief. Meanwhile I left Onslow to gloat over his perspicuity, and took Dreuxfield aside. "Excuse me, Sir," said I, "but I am about to say something rude." "Say away," he answered, looking rather pale, "I won't be offended." > "I have examined all the servants, Sir, and am pretty certain that none of them is clever enough to have carried out this robbery. Suspicions point towards Mr. Newall, yet for the moment let us give him the benefit of the doubt, and see who else could have stolen the jewels. Now if-:—" Seeing I hesitated, Dreuxfield continued my speech. "You were, thinking of Major On slow?" "Well, yes; I hoar a good deal of club gossip, and, to tell the honest truth, Major Onslow does not bear a good cha racter." " I know all that," said Dreuxfield bitterly, " he is an old rogue who would sell his soul— if he has one—to gratify his views. Yet I don't think ho is the thief. He retired early to bed, and his valet took his ivory leg away. Without that leg he could do nothing." "Suppose his valet didn't take away his master s ivory leg?" "Ah! you think the two of them arc in it?" "I can't say, Wait till I sec the curate. It seems to mo that Major Onslow is suspi ciously active in getting evidence against him. At present I should like to seo the valet." "Uncle," said Dreuxfield, returning to the old man, "can we see Jenkins?" "Ho didn't come hack with me," replied Onslow gruffly, " I gave him permission to see his relatives. " When do you expect him hack?" " In a week! You don't think he stole the necklet, do you?" finished the Major de fiantly. "No," said I, shirking the answer, "hut I have examined all the servants except your man. It is only fair that he should have his turn. "Wait here for a week and you'll see him," replied the Major ungraciously,, "or go to my London club. He calls there'every morning letters and sends them on. I dou t for my I trust club servants." "Oh, I shan't trouble so much about him." I said, so our party of three broke up. It was too lato that evening to wire, but in the morning I sent a telegram to a brother detective, containing instructions to see Jenkins at the club. By noon I received a reply, with which I went in search of the Major. On the way Miss Dreuxfield stopped me. "Mr. Newall is coining down this after noon," she said, showing me a letter; "lie will ho here at 4 o'clock. Then your suspicions will 1)0 explained away." "I hope so with all my heart. But T may mention, Miss Dreuxfield, that I brought no specific charge against Mr. Newall." I spoke to the empty air, for by this time she was out of hearing. My liintings had offended her mortally, but no one could have held the curate guiltless in the face of the evidence against him. Next I found the Major in tho drawing-room, and opened fire at once. "Your servant is coming down by this afternoon's train, Major." "Whosent forliim?" "I did! It is as well that I should hear what lie has to say." " He has nothing to say," growled the Major sulkily; " he put me to bed and took my ivory log to his room. lie wasn't near the Khrnricrmnm. nr *>vo.n dnwnat.n.irH" "His assurance of that will be quite suffi cient, so I am glad he is coming. Mr. Ncwall is also on his way." " I hope lie won't have the face to show here." " Indeod, he is coming down for the pur pose. Miss Dreuxfield has advised him of your accusations, and lie desires to clear his character." "He won't be able to. I'm certain ho stole the necklace." I had my own opinion about the robbery, and held my tongue. If the Major was mixed uyi in the business with the valet, he had re ceived due warning that justice was on his track. Contrary to my expectation, lie was by no means startled. The man puzzled mo. At 5 o'clock the train arrived, and with it Jenkins. My brother-detective was with him, and the three of us had a conversation. Then we went to Dreuxfield Hall to sec how Mr. Newall was getting on. He had como down by the same train, and had at once gone off to look after his character. It was about time, seeing the Major had done his best to spoil it. When wo arrived I left Jenkins and his escort outside in the entrance hall, as I was anxjous to hear Newall's defence before pro ducing the valet as a witness. All the gentry concerned in the matter were assembled in the drawing-ro6m—Dreuxfield and his wife usar the door opening cm ' to tho conserva tory, Gndow standing in die conservatory itsm, Newall. with Kate clinging to his arm, facing tho three. Hie was /quit® pale, ana looked savage. "I absolutely deny the accusations^.of Major Onslow," he was saying when I coterod: "no one knows less abbot tne matter than I do." - .. " What, about tho chloroform?" sneered Onslow, " and your hurried departure to town, and the cheque for three thousand?" " All that I can explain except the chloro form. That is a mystery to me as to you. I did spill some medicine in the afternoon, and fancied that was the odour to which Dreux field alluded. When he mentioned chloroform I was startled." " I've no doubt of it." "Because," added Newall,' gazing defiantly at tho Major, "I had that day received n letter from my wretched cousin Olive saying he had embezzled some money, and threaten ing to jpoisou himself with chloroform unless I saved him." "That was why "you turned so pale," said Kate breathlessly. " , "Yes, and that was why I went to town next day. It had nothing to do with the loss of the diamonds. I drove to your lawyers and arranged to settle the matter by paying the money. Fortunately two months ago I in herited £5,000, on which I had hoped to have married." "And shall marry," said Kate under her breath. " I sold out some stock and got the money— paid it to my lawyer, who settled the matter for my wretched cousin. I was arranging for his departure to the colonies when I heard through Kate of Major Onslow's shameless accusations. I came down here to refute them, and I have done so." "Not to my mind," growled Onslow. "I think otherwise,'' said Dreuxfield, taking Newall by the hand. "My dear fellow, you are as innocent as I. Forgive me for having doubted you." Mrs. Dreuxfield said words to the same effect, and Kate boldly kissed her lover beforo them all. It was a pleasant sight save to tho Major, who swore loudly. " This doesn't show who Btole the necklace. If it wasn't Newall, who was it?" " What about yourself, Major?" said I, coming forward. The four people turned round in astonishment, and the Major, purple with rage, started forward. .» What do you mean. Sir?" he cried, with a few adjectives which I suppress. I went to the door, and led in the respectable Jenkins, handcuffed. "I mean this, Major, that your valet is ■about tho biggest thief in London. He has been long wanted for several jobs, but managed to evade the police. Thanks to your informs tion, he was captured at your club and brough down to give evidence—against you." "Against me!" said Onslow, growing grey " I swear I had nothing to do with the of the necklace." There was a dead silence, and all waited for the next remark. It came from .Jenkins, from the respectable Jenkins, alias Cracky Bill. " Ladies and gentlemen," he said, bowing collectively, "I told tho police I would give evidence against the Major in order to bo brought down here. Butitisalie. My master is quiet innocent, and," lie added impudently, "so am I." " That won't save you, my man," said I sternly; "your other pranks mean a lifer, so you may as well confess your share in this." "Well, the Major's innocent, at all events," said the rogue. "Thank you, my man," muttered Onslow thickly. " I'll—I'll— hero he swayed to and fro, then fell down in an apoplectic fit. There was a snap as he fell, ana no marvel. Tho butt of the ivory leg had caught in an inter stice of tho conservatory floor, and when ho fell the leg smashed. Dreuxfield uttered a cry of astonishment, and pointed to the ivory stump. From it fell a rain of diamonds. Tho next moment Newall and Dreuxfield wero picking up the jewels, and the women were loosening the neckcloth of the" old man. I gripped Jenkins by the arm and indicated the scattered jewels. "Helied! _ He is guilty!" "Not a bit of it, said the scamp coolly. " Don't you run your head against a stone, Sir. Major Onslow hasn't been a bad master as masters go, and I'm not going to get him into trouble. He is quite innocent." "Then how did the diamonds get into the ivory leg?" "I put them there. It was this way: I wan tea to steal tnose cuatnonas, ana dv means of a forged character entered the Mayor's service. Then I watched for a chance to steal the jewels, I thought tliero would be no opportunity of getting out of the house during the first alarm if they were stolen, so looked about for some safe place in which to hido them till I could take them to London at my leisure. As I cleaned the Major's ivory leg every night, it gave mc an idea. I bored a hole halfway down the log and dropped the diamonds in one by one. They just filled the hollow nicely." " How did you steal them?" "Iheard Miss Dreuxfield say at breakfast that the master was going to show them to Mr. Ncwall, so I watched. All my plans were made, and I waited by the strongroom door with a chloroformed handkerchief. When he came along I used it and stolo the jewels. Up in my own room I separated them ono from the other, and dropped them into the hollow of the ivory Jog. Then I plugged up the end with cotton wool and a round of i vory. The alarm was given, the Major called for his leg, and I took it to him. Ho went down to the hall with the diamondssafe in his ivory leg." "AhI"cried Newall at this moment, "you heljxicl mc off with my coat. Now I understood the smell of chloroform." "I sprinkled you with a little," replied Jenkins. "You see, parson, I wanted to got suspicion to fall on you. But for the smashing of the leg I wouldn't toll all this. But I'vo lost the diamonds and my liberty, so it doesn't matter." The Major had by this time revived some what, and sat up to swear at his quondam servant. "You villain !" ho said; " oh, you villain !" "And this," said Jenkins, as wo inarched him out, "this is gratitude." Jenkins recei ved the reward of his ingenuity, and passed the rest of his life in gaol for this and other offences. He always regretted nob having pulled off the Dreuxfield fetish. The Major took himself away from Malvern, and declined to have further dealings with the Dreuxfields. They were by no means sorry, and, indeed, had no timo to lie, for Bhortly afterwards Kate Dreuxfield maijied Ncwall, to the delight of all. I can imagine the Major's language when ho hoard of the marriage. Ho wears a wooden leg now. The twenty-four diamonds were at the last Drawing-room on the neck of their owner. I have no doubt that, sooner or later, another attempt will ,bo made to steal thein, hut it is questionable whether any thief will l>e as ingenious as Cracky Bill, alic/s Jenkins, But thou, it isn't every valet and thief who chances on a master with an ivory leg. 131 