IN TFB BAR PARLOR. I behave,' observed (he Go vernment House Man, ' (hat we eh≪ soon We a dissolution P' ' Why P' anxiously inquired (he Worm. ' Won't (he Landlord b i ve ns anj.oreditP' 'I did not refer to onrsalves ; I meant the country— the Parlia ment.' «? Wha6 makes you think go P' asked the Editor. ' Prom the tone of (he Premier's opening on Tuesday night. He foreshadowed a coming break up very shortly.' ' Upon what grounds f' 'On (he land values, of con roe. The Upper Honse again. They will nob put np with r.nything like meddling in land and capital, you know.' ' Talking of land, doncherknow,' observed the Sporting Reporter, 'I did notice several remarks about (he silver currency. As long as India continued to coin rupees of a fictitious value (hero was litlle hope for a market for Tasmanian proJnce, especially wheat, in England.' ' He didn't mean any other kind of produce bnt wheat P' mused the Insignificant Man. Cab bages, for instance.' ' He did not. I wouldn't (ake evon money on all the cabbage grown here. Why, we get (hem from Melbourne now. And only the other day, whilst we were alt shaking hands with each other over our wonderful seasons, a shipload of wheat came in from Adelaide.' ' It wasn't always so,' remarked (he Poet. ' In days gone by we need (o supply Victoria wi(h wheat and stock. ' Times are changed now, old man. We had a -different sort of animal rnnning the show (hen.' ' I recollect,' said (he Athletic Man, 'of an old person saying many years ogo when first Mel bourne was founded and Victoria Receded from its mothet land that (hey were a gieat poo pie aud would get ahead of us some day.' ' It wan gold (hat did it,' sneered (he Snub Editor. ' Gold did more than iron — leg- iron yon know — in (he end.' # ? ? '' We haven't heard anything about the ghost lately,' said Jim (he Luney. 'Someone told me that he'd goue to Lannceston for a change.' 'He'll haven bad time of it there I guess,' said the Athletic Re porter. ' They keep a handier look oat (ban we do here.' ' Well he did some little good in his way anyhow,' observed the Sunday Man, 'for be has fright ened most of the little girls out of the streets at night now.' 'But if they walked with (heir boys surely (hey needn't be afraid,' said Jim the Luney. ' Bless yon the boys are not of mfifin nea vtnf in 4 1* a Hnnmntf] if T tuuwu UDU| wuif AU VUV- UdLUJaiUi M. know of one young fellow who is twenty years of age and a hip lnmp of of a bullock too, who ran off like a flash of lightning the other even ing when his girl screamed out that she saw the ghost.' ' Did he leave her alone ?' asked the Athletic Man. ' He did indeed. They were doing a spoon up on the Crescent and all at once she saw something round by the back. 'Oh, the ghost,' says she. ' Where, where,' asks her bean. Then she screamed out again, ? Oh, there he is ; don't leave me,' but before she had got the don't leave part ont there was a sudden ciuck in (he atmosphere and she was alone. No, boys don't count just now.' ' I see the grass has grown all round the sente out in the Barracks Reserve since the place became haunted,' said Jim the Lun«y. ' Perhaps the ghost had a mission from the Bocial purity society to reform the youth and beauty of Hobait.' ' Maybe. But all the effect I have seen it have has been, (hat it furnished the girls with a tangible excuse to get a boy to see them home from anywhere,' Em id the Worm, ' and some of them made (hat ' anywhere ' a considerable dis tance away too.' ♦ # ? ' The feelings of horror-gluttony which prompt people of a low con dition of mind to attend a hanging match, are just (hose which an exhibited to perfection in a certain class of (he oommanity,' remarked Sunday Man, ' and I never saw a better eiposition of it than I did a few days ago.' ' There was no man to be hanged in TasmanH a few days ago,' said (be Gloomy Man. ' I did noteay .there was. I was speaking in (he abstract. But a party of ladies from the country paid a visit to the Magdalen Home at Sandy Bay, and were shown over the premises in the usual kindly manner by (he sisters. After ad miring the arrangements and what not, one of the delioate ladies turn ing to (he Sister with them, asked if (hey had seen everything. They ??wv-w ivau. uu«.v iuolv tv no uuv Ully more space to be explored just (hen when in a tone of suppressed eager ness one of them asked to be shown an inmate who onoe caused tnuob (rouble.' ' Did she expect to see a wild animal P' asked (he Barmaid. ' Possibly. ' Oh,' said she, ' I wonld give anything just for a glimpse at her.' The sister's coun tenance never betrayed tfye feeling of pity she bad for the sassiety female's vulgarity, aB she replied sweetly, 'Ah, madam, you wonld only see a poor repentant piece of female humanity— a woman like yourself.' It --ught to have rebuked the crestnre, bnt it did not, for she left quite disappointed that, her errand had been a fruitless one.' '1 heard of eomethiucj K:milur turning up over the child, ' said the Insignificant Man. ' Yon see when (bey put out the baby to nurse they did not placurd it with a bill poster, aed in consequence child she had, but from tbe many eager inquiries made respecting (he little thing, one would be pardoned for fancying it was a circaa. How Bver, it is dead now, and (here is no more of it.' * ? * ' If anyone wished to tnrn dog stealcr f-»r a trade,' observed the Bottleholder, ' Hobart would fur niah him a fair field for a term.' ' I don't know that it is a profit able occupation, remarked the Sporting Reporter, 'although I hoar of a very large number of valuable animals having been filched during the past few weeks, and althongh every endeavor of coarse was made the dogs never turned np. 'There is a remedy. A man shonld keep a mongrel.' ' He has to pay five shillings a rear for a mongrel all (he same,'1 said the Poet. ?' I pay the (ax and make a pro fit,'' said (he Editor, ' for I save twenty shilling's worth of wood in the year by it But Rpeakiog about dogfl, does anyone happen to know who the gentleman was who | was bailed up in a back yard (he other evening where he bad no business to be ?' ' I did hear something of it,' re plied Jim the Lnney. ' WaBn'( it up Davey-street way ?' 'They say so. The gen( it appears became alarmed and made a hurried exit from the lady's chamber by the back way only partially clothed. He pnt down bis npper garments on the ground for a moment, and when he pro ceeded to pick them np he found that a dog with a considerable vacancy in his front row had made a bed of them.' ' How did it finish ?' ashed (ho Bn.rmn.id. ' Thfl Dnn .Tnnn van in an awkward fix.' 'Well, it will be probably de cided by tbe Supreme Court in its divorce and matrimonial causes juris diction, but I am promised the second chapter next week.' ? ? ♦ ' A return of the profits of the Sorell line would, I fancy form a enrious document,' remarked (he Publisher thoughtfully, 'end 1 uuuuiu iia.Q mj ODC in lUlUIDUCUi ' I suppose you would get little beyond the ordinary dry hash re turns,' observed the Athletic Re porter.' ' I didn't know. I should like to see a return of the gross earn ings on the goods, and the amouots paid out of those earnings to some people in business. ' You would want the sum total of each year separately.' ' Certainly j I would like to sea it movted in the House.' ' You are ever anxious to stir np the mud. I snppose yon'd like to see the Kangaroo subsidy knocked off next.' 'I would. I'd like to see it spent in giving employment to the, poor instead of feeding them on charity.' 1 1 'We are,' mused the Poet, ' a jonriouB miiinrd of many (bings, j small and groat, sensible and I idio'tio — but mostly (he last.' j ' There are eome things going on j in Hobart at present,' said (he j Gloomy Mun, 'whioh certainly j gives color to your assertion, ft is j no wonder we get a bad name.' j 'No wonder at all. A man j comes here from another colony, land likes (he place. He brings j money. What happens P As soou as it is known he is fairly rushed (o be bled. If be is good hearted (hey stick all (he closer and vote him a fool. If he won'( be sucked dry they declare he is mean. But good bad or indifferent if he stopped here for ever he would be a stranger nntil the end.' 'It is Conservative,' said the Bottleholder. 'It is narrow-minded ignorance,' retorted the Government House Man. 'Ah, well,' sighed (he Poe(, '(he world is full of many goes. L«( n« sing : It'iaoityofioaDdnlB These slnmbercome dara And wa'fe little or nothing ts do Hare it be ti concoct By manifold «rajB Tlie-rncnni! to enjoy a fair ecraw. So many resources For tapping tbe cask Wonld nny finunoier appal, And wonderment; pauses To froqoently ubIc How tba devil we stand it at all. We've tumble-up elianties With old ehidgle reefs, And a 6re brigade fed by the Crown : When we do get a bla«e There'* tbe devil tn mr Their smartnere convulses the town. A five hundred subsidy Keeps them alive, And very much so, anyway, And after they've smashed And flooded you out, You're supposed their expenses to pay. Home gays in authority Bun the whole show That is they endeavor to try : They make it a family Matter, and so Don't seem in (be least decree shy. Justice a force is When wire* are pulled By knowing ones np to the game ; Oh! when trill Tasmania Eiseupinhertrratli And iripe off tbe blush of bar shame f That's a pious existence Ont on the Domain, And holy, you'd better beliefs ; Yon'd fancy that acrow With comforts to gain JUSt fttnflinffDlarinn wahIJ I — -—.. \- ? a — * »-K»' 'UtU« IUHTQ For a small contribution To save from despair The wearying; soul ere it sinks. He offers ns ?' patronage ' (Oharity'e share) Poof! bah that sort of thing stinks ! They are miking a fuss Of tbe juvenile shame Alleged on onr etreeU to be found, Bnt you'll find it a different Sort of a game If yon care to meander aronnd. It isn't the juveniles On« cares about, Don't you for a moment rapnoso ? But a different sort Of a petticoat flout Those old 'nns in juvenile clothes. Times in Taesy are dull And work slow enough With money not easily made The charity officers Daily are pressed By easiiety'e starving brigade. Cold comforts have they Nursed by hunger aud want In this world full of trouble and (in, Yet a rabid 'abstainer' Would feed them on cant With a prayer for a pudding thrown in. For oar coroner's inquests Four hundred's the vote, The several ex's ts pay ; With three hundred more For the old coffin boat A «ov gone for every day. Split np the difference Five bnndred pounds We surely might better afford ; The coroner easy Could run his own boat And hold his own inquests on board. Since Trilby has come Every vague-headed dude Goes in for ' Bohemian ' life And every old buffer Would study the nude If it wasn't for one thing— his wifo. While simpering lniases Are crazed for a show As models to pose on a shelf. ' And every distorted Flat-chested old thing Would poeo as 3. Trilby herself. 