Some more Ghost Stories. , As showing tho veraoity 'of tho poofs . assortioh that 'things aro not .what, thoy soem,1' it is stated that early in 1891 n talo' Was ourrbnt -in .Doptford, London, that a1 ghost garbod in a flowing whito Bhoot had boon soon lato at night in St. Paul's Church yard, It also happonod that tho body of a wollk-nown looal man, who had committed Huioido undor somowhat romahtio oiroum stanooB, ? was at that vory timo awaiting inquost in tho mortuary adjoining; and putting two and two .togothoiy tho. novvs of tlio ghost created ootiBidorablo onrioBity and foar. Numbera of. pooplo as sembled outsido tho church yard ovoi^iffSht, the. looal papers dwelt upon ' tho Doptford' Ghostj' and polioo woro roquirod to doal with tho crowds who annoyod tho shopkoopors in tho vicinity. . This oontinuod for noarly a wook, whon tho writer and somo othorn gnin ing admission to tho oliurohyard to' sonroTi for tho ghoBfc, disoovorod ifc was nothing raoro' than tho moon Binning on n largo, yollowy ?- luminous bill attached to the olmroh'-cfoor by tho top only, thus leaving tho wind to blow it: about frooly, . i/JL'ho bill being romovod, tho ' ghost' wns soon no moro, ', A oommoroial telly tho following talo oF horror: — Ono wintor'a ovoiUDfr I put up for tho night nt an old inn nt Look, now Staf fordfllriro. . ?: J mndo an oxoollont ouppbr,. washod down by somo good old nlo j thon I foil nHloopjust whoro I wns. Whou I nwoko tho room was pitch dark, Tho wind outsido howlod mournfully. I roso shivoring, and lookod out of tho window.'. Groat hoavons !' what a sight tho.fc my oyos I Thoro, dancing' about, first nBSuming ono shapo and thon an bthor, waB a porfoot nrmy of pallid Rpootroo, rom'OHOutillD' dUTnrnnt1 rinvht nf ihn I,,,,,!,,,. body, 'but nono of thorn oomploto. Horo waa '{ along, attonuatod, hoadloss oaroasp, frnntionlly i 'ft. waviiig ite skototon arms ( thoro was a pair o£ i !-] logs only, dnnoing na if otmod \ furthor away ' \\\' wnH tho hondloHB body of a ohild moving A nlowly to and fro. Tho air aoomod full oE y thorn.' Prbsontly , thoro ofimo nn iinuHiinlly , |..:.'| wild gust of wind, and at thnt moment ono. '''/ of tho horrlbio phantotnH noomod to dotaoh n itsolf from \ tho rest ', and fly straight nt tho ' \\\ window. I gnvo ? a f oarf ill Hhrlolc of terror. p Tho landlady ruflhod in. ' Look I look'' t (if- gnspad, pointing nt tho window. Thon 'hIio ' »F Hmilbtl mid und pityingly. 'Well, muii,. ?% whnt'H Hio ' mattoi'f That strong nlo thon \\\ tookoHt liftHt suroly gotten into thine homl. ? % .riint'H only tho wook'H washing hanging out '' to dry.' And il: wns ovon so I . 'f Iu, Mm itmnu?apfuro of knlrcn tho -lT7lHlim~or: j ftliour ImH biMtn aiirrfod to rhoIi nn nxtonb thud ono . i uniro In hnndlad by novnnby fllffnrmit uiMHntn., '?'; i from bho miminnh thn blnilo is fornoil until tlio ' i Innbrumnnb In llninliad nnd roudy for bho mnrlcot. 'I HlBlity-nvn ~\\-n oonh nf bho pooplo who nro liuno i^il nro nffuofcod on the loft oldo, ,, 