Bit by bit light is stealing over that scene at Krugcrsdorp, and on tho motives of those poor ghosts once numbered in Jameson's "com mand," whoso bones have been given to the ants on the velt of tho Transvaal State. It is not often thatan Englishman has to admit that the more he learns of an act of his countrymen the more is be ashamed, yet truly this must bo said in the present case. The repudiation of Jame son's raid by Government, Press, aud people of all the British race, is something phenomenal. Never has that splendid regiment, the Black Wateb, ever been charged with a more distaste ful duty than that of shooting down their own countrymen, should they essay to follow Jame son's example. Rarely of late years havo we realised how a dangerously determined subject may not only sink to tho level of a filibuster, but may almost set Europe in a blaze. And tho unfortunate circumstance is that the more we learn of Dr Jameson's act and tho cause of it, the greater appears bis crime. Tho latest in telligence up to tho time of writing may be garnered with this bushel of thought. The Uitlandcra have long been diesatisficd with the non-recognition of their position by the Trans vaal Government, which their enterprise has made, and is feeding. There is nothing new in that. It would appear of late that the Boer insolenco has become moro irritating, so tha' tho inhabitants of Johannesburg havo been steadily importing arms, not, as it would appear from the cablegrams, of a quality likely to be of much account in modern warfare. This has been dono without tho official cognisance, but possibly with tho privity of the British Government, un questionably notorious to tho British South Africa Company, of which Mr Cecil Rhodes is Chairman. Mr Rhodes, in fact, weakly admits this by saying that he endeavoured to dissuad0 Dr Jameson from his raid. An intelligent child would scarcely permit his eyes to ho wiped by such dust as this. - If Mr Rhodes dis approved, who authorised tho enrolment of men at Capetown in JNovemner Just with orders to rendezvous at Mafcking, for a year of service, destination unknown? It is impossible to believe that all these statements are inventions. There must be a solid substratum of fact in them. Now, wo pass to the second act in the drama, With the premiss that, na the bulk of the cablegrams reach us after undergoing the ordeal of Boers censorship, wo must investigate evory allegation with great suspicion. In about three weeks or so, our countrymen at Johannesburg will find the means to convey in their merchandise, nnd by other methods, intelligence to the coastal region, which wo shall receive hero, and tho pith of which will he previously' wired to Europe j and then wo shall begin to understand the truth of things. At present we have to write by the uid of the light ; wo havo aided by Homo little reflections of our own. Act 2 com mences with the sending away of many of tlio women and children from Johannesburg— it doesn't appear that all were so despatched, for, as in tho days of tho Indian Mutiny, many wives would prefer to remain to share their hus bands' fato— tho arming and drilling of men and tho proclamation of what may lie called cither a temporary Government — which it could not be without the consent of the suzerain Great Britain— or really a Committee of Control. These appear to havo represented to Dr Jame son that tliuy were in peril to havo' asked him for effective aid, and to havo promised to have co-operated with hitn strengthfully. Bearing in mind still that tills information mainly reaches us from Boer sources, this may ho said to ring down the curtain on the second act of tho drnmn. The third covers us with humiliation. Acting upon information that tho British popu lation in Johannesburg wero in n dangerous position, Dr Jameson, without consulting tho British Government in tlio least, and without any nuthority from it, dashed across tho frontier to suppott insurgents with n force prepared before ! It is this that seems to he tho ugly feature of the business. It is now said that Jnmosou fought his way with oonsidera hie pluck to within six miles of Johannesburg, expecting to bo aided by a force of two thousand men from there. The promise was broken to the hope, for only a hundrtid turned out, and theso caught in arms, against constituted authority, most cer tainly liavo rendered thenjsplves liable to deco rate the tree-boughs, thougji tjiAOepn the veldt are non-existent. Let it again bis FPWM that wo are dcnling with intelligence doriyod from Boer sources. Still, linking the little do- tails of fact together, it seems to us that Jainpsnn'p raid jyap an uttorly unlawful anil irresponsible one, P'/liclt has been deservedly repudiated by the ppppiial Government, which has placed its niqst faipvus regiment, tho Royal Highlanders, at tho drifts with instructions to shoot at sight »ny who attempt to violato the Integrity of tlio Transvaal, This is tho right courou to give assurance to Europe that tlio British, who have always been sticklers, for tho maintenance of ju«tleo by people under every flag hold that opinion still. And, so far as wo can at present discern, it curiously happens 'that' bad tho Jwppsou dash succeeded, aud a, suefcesafut insurrection bgpn proipked iii the -wo sjiqnld have btp.n much in the same position of having to retire, arid liumbly apologise for an act of unauthorised war. Of course, everyone knows that British officers acting, fur instauce, on tho distant fron tiers of India, have often been compelled to tako upon themselves grave responsibilities. The Imperial Government- did not resent the filibus tering expedition of Stanley. But tho condi tions become different when applied to Treaty- States. Just comparing small things with great, what — had it been possible — should we have thought in the days of our Eureka Stockado difficulty of an invasion of Boers to restoro order? Among the nations there is a little want, especially in movements of exaggerated pasnion, of that giftie Burns wrote of " to seo ourselves as others see us." The curtain drops again and rises on Act 4. Let "not readers bo alarmed at the inouthings of the Continental Press. Pressmen talk, but, as a humorist once said, we don't often find them in the ring. Great as is the in fluence of the Press, the world is still controlled by monarclts nnd statesmen who make tho puppets dance as tbey pull the wires. We fancy the attitude of Kaiser Wilhclm nnd his cablegram to President Kruger have been alike misinterpreted. Save through tho irritation of trade relations, Germany has no feud with Great Britain. War between them would pro bably bring instantly Franco on her sea-way, Russia and Austria on her frontiers. The whole system of the world's affairs now is one of check and counterpoise. These mouthings of war aro but a customary occurrence befnro the Spring-time. They are designed to keep men's thoughts from interior national disturbances. History proves that so long as a raco has" tho sea-keeping powor, and the money to back it, ' the Military arm is uscIpss. It is money, the possession of it, and the deft use of it that con trols the world. No war will supervene, be cause Jameson has made an utterly unjustifiablo raid. ' Rather a greater assurance of peace, though, of course, the battle of the nations must como, as it ever does at the closing of the century. 