(Suniiag-sthool (Eolitntrii^-^ SCHOLARS' EXAMINATION, 1895. -EXAMINERS' REPORTS. SENIOE SECTION. Eev. E. Stephen, M.A. (Answers 1 — 6.) I should like again to call attention to the fact that though the senior candidates as a rule show a satisfactory knowledge of the text of the Catechism, they do not know as much as might be expected about its meaning or its relation to the Holy Scriptures. The Dean. (Answers 7—12.) The answers in this section seemed to me to fall below those of former years. Leading Scriptural facts were correctly known, and the language in which they are related fairly well remembered ; but the text-book had made so little impression on the majority of the children that the call for ' notes' on words and passages— the diffi culties or other interesting points connected with which must, one ?would think, have been the subject of frequent and full explanation at their teachers' hands — elicited in few cases more than an account more or less accurate of the context from which they were taken. INTEEMEDIATE SECTION. Eev. A. W. Ceesswell, M.A. (Answers 1 — 3.) The answers of scholars which were allotted to me for examination this time were those to Questions Nos. 1, 2, and 3, being those on the Church Catechism. The two first of these questions required that the answers should be given in the words of the Catechism, and so the marks were awarded in proportion to the exactness with which this was done. When the candidates could not answer in those words, but could only give the general drift, or a rough paraphrase of their own, marks were given, but only low ones, except in cases of special excellence, as I had to leave a sufficient margin of high marks for discriminating between the different degrees of exactness the pupils showed in answering in the words of the Catechism. The other question was on the explanation of terms and phrases used in the Catechism, and this, on the whole, was better answered than the first two, not being so much a memory question as they were. The general result of the answering on these three questionsis to show a fair knowledge of the substance of the Church Catechism, but a great lack of knowledge of its ipsissima verba. The full value of these three . questions was 25 marks each, and supposing 11 marks, or 44 per cent., to be about the pass standard, then 96 out of 208 came up to this standard, or went beyond it, on the first question ; 104 out of 210 got 11 marks and upwards on the second question ; and 183 out of 223 got 11 marks and over on the third question. The excellence of the answering of many of the candidates is amply evidenced by the high marks awarded to them. Thus on the first question 24 pupils got marks varying from 20 to 25 ; on the second question 19 got similar high marks ; and on the third question 18 got them. In the case of those who failed to get high marks, one cause of shortcoming was apparently owing to their impulsive way of rush ing at a question without first carefully reading it over to see what it meant. Thus, e.g., the first question ran as follows — 'How does the Catechism explain the third,' the' sixth, and the tenth Command ments ?' Many pupils answered this question by simply quoting these Commandments in full as they stand in the Catechism instead of giving the explanations and paraphrases of them that are to be found in the ' Duty towards God,' and the 'Duty towards my neighbour,' and so they only got very low marks, whereas if they had not been in too great a hurry to put pen to paper', they might perhaps have done better. In regard to the third question on definitions, it is worthy of observation that very few candidates seem to have an adequate idea of the full meaning of ' Grace,' which of course is not merely the favour of God, but an actual gift of His Spirit to our Spirits. Most of the candidates speak of it as being the mere favour of God, whilst others seem to regard it as a kind of intrinsic virtue of our own.' There is still a prevalent idea, too, in the minds of many that 'temperance' means total abstinence from alcoholic drinks.' Thus, to take one out of many similar answers, one defines it as meaning 'that we abstain from all spirits or alcohols'; and another, that it is 'not to get intoxicated.' Another candidate answers somewhat quaintly, but not without a considerable measure of truth — 'Temperance means to keep our tempers, and. not to make gluttons of ourselves.' It is but fair io state that many, others give excellent definitions of temperance, and speak of it as moderation and self-control in all its fulness and largeness of meaning. It may be mentioned that one candidate, after explaining ' our ghostly enemy' to mean Satan, or the devil, goes on to give a rather grotesque reason for his being so called when he says, ' For if we trusty in God, Satan will seem only as a ghostly enemy.' Another candi date absurdly defines ' our ghostly enemy' as ' the people that you dislike the most.' Eev. W. Cabey Waed, M.A. (Answers 4 and 5.) ^?^On the whole, the results are perhaps better than usual. A defec ? jfiveanethod of answering has apparently prevented several candidates fronA showing their full knowledge. This is especially evident in answers to Question 5, in which the events accompanying the descent pi'the Holy Ghost at Pentecost are not given in sufficient detail. :, In* answer to Questions (a), very few mentioned that the purpose 6f' the promised gift of the Holy Spirit was that the disciples might. loe endued with power for their work. There are several very excellent answers, notably those of 1515,.' ' who wants only one of the maximum number of marks ; but others ! come very near. Of quaint or funny answers there are hardly any. One candidate . tells us that 'the Acts was written to show us not to be faint-hearted if we are persecuted,' and adds, 'What trouble Paul had to undergo!' Another says that 'its purpose was to be an example to missionaries, and to show us how diligently and beautifully the Apostles laboured for Christ and all mankind'; whilst with, reference to Pentecost a^ candidate informs us that 'people from every part of the known world were surprised to hear those apparently poor and ignorant men , speaking all these different languages, with doubtless thebest grammar.' Eev. J. Tyssen, M.A. (substitute for Eev. E. J. Barnett, M.A.). (Answers 6 and 7.) The answers to Question 6 were as a rule very disappointing. The- general answer to 6a was the Jews, or some equally vague substitute ; . 66 was badly done. Of course it is a difficult question, and many; simply contented themselves with a short description of the history of the Israelites. Few had any idea of any definite points. 7a seems in many cases to have been misunderstood also. They thought, or seemed to think, that it meant a brief account of St.. Paul's doings shortly after his conversion. ' Eev. Canon Godby. (Answers 8 and 9.) I have examined the answers to Questions 8 and 9. Question 8, requiring a general knowledge of the first ten chapters of the book of Acts, was not well answered, only 52 candidates obtaining more than - half the marks allotted to it, as compared with 91 who obtain more than half marks for Question 9. The latter question was one for1 which candidates were evidently well prepared. A large majority of the papers contained the list of places visited by St. Paul in his second missionary journey, and many of the answers were very complete and well written. I notice that scholars have very generally been taught as facts matters which should only be treated as surmises. Many of them state positively that St. Paul visited Tarsus in his second journey, and that St. Luke was his physician in his sickness in Galatea. An unnecessarily large number of papers which have little or no value seem to have been forwarded ; and for the first time since I . have been an examiner, I have found papers carelessly forwarded by local superintendents of examinations without numbers attached to them. I have three of such papers, one of which would have obtained marks to Question 8. Eev. J. C. Love. (Answers 10—12.) The papers assigned to me in the present examination exhibit the extremes of the excellent and indifferent. The results, on the whole, are hardly what might have been reasonably expected. The want of straightforward simplicity in the explanation of words and phrases is a special feature which it would be well, I think, to note for future improvement. Question 10 has not fared well in this respect, many . mere guesses having been substituted for the thing required ; and . when a candidate tells you all he knows of Apollos in three words, . asserting his divinity, you are driven to question the nature of the . - teaching he has received. It has, however, been a very real pleasure to read some of the answers, and':trace.inthem the evidence of a hallowed, skilful, patient, and loving care on the part of the. teacher. ? . JUNIOE SECTION. Rev. S. C. Kent. (Answers 1—3.) You will find the marking vei-y high, as the answers given to the three Catechism questions of the Junior Paper, with the exception of spelling and punctuation (which I did not feel I had a#ny right to take into account), seem by quite a number to have been most accurately remembered. Mr. A. F. French. (Answers 4 and 5.) ; The answers connected with the Day of Pentecost and the Healing of the Lame Man at the Beautiful Gate of the Temple were very encouraging on the whole^ Very few failed to secure the pass limit, whilst many more than usual reached the honour classes. In several ?cases a marked inequality in the answering caused candidates to lose good positions. Eev. W. McKie. (Answers 6 and 7.) I have examined the answers to questions 6 and 7 submitted to me. With a few notable exceptions, those given to 6 were disappointing in their meagreness. Those given to 7, on the contrary, were good, and a large number obtained high niarks. It is to be regretted that more of the scholars do not, where possible, give their answers in the words of Holy Scripture. This defect was very noticeable. A few did so, and, without exception, did well. As most of the scholars are young, perhaps a little help and encouragement will do wonders in remedying this defect. A number — happily few — gave some rather startling answers concerning Sts. Stephen and Paul. The compilers of the question paper are, I think, deserving of a ?word of praise for the excellent paper submitted this year. For clear ness and conciseness it could not be excelled. Mr. J. H. Maddock. (Answers 8 and 9.) On the whole, the answers were entirely satisfactory, and in many instances, bearing in mind the youth of the children, showed a very detailed knowledge of the subject, and more perfect answers could not have been given in some instances had the scholars been seniors instead of juniors. In very many cases the spelling indicated that the lessons had been learned from the teacher, and the scholars were not at all acquainted with the appearance of the names and words they were writing, but had only an idea of their sound. To a very large extent this would be overcome by the teacher, when about to give an explanation as to the meaning of any special word or about any particular person, directing the scholars' attention to the word in their Bibles, or even asking them to spell it. As, for instance, in the question, ' To whom did Philip join himself on the way to Gaza?' two scholars answered 'Unicorn,' three 'Epicurean,' five 'Eutychus,' two ' Ephesian,' eleven 'U-n-i-k,' and three 'U-t-u-c-k'; while Candace frequently became 'Cancer' and 'Canic,' and twice ?' Enticer.' With reference to the other question allotted to me (No. 9), the incident of Paul and Silas in prison at Philippi was very generally answered, but the circumstances leading up to that incident were not so generally known, the most favourite answer being a stray shot, such as ' Because they would preach the gospel when told not to,' or 'Because they displeased the Eomans.' Another connected it very cleverly, and at some length, with the imprisonment and persecution of the Christians following the burning of Eome by Nero, while an answer, counting as partially correct, was 'Because they took spirits away from a girl' ; but, putting all these peculiarities on one side, the general result of the answers to questions 8 and 9 was ihat the bulk of the scholars showed that they had a good knowledge of the year's lessons. Eev. Julius Lewis. (Answers 10 — 12.) 334 papers. These three questions are probably the most difficult of the paper, and therefore the results are not very good, yet they give indication that the results on'.the whole paper will be satisfactory. Question 11 presented some difficulty to candidates, but question 12 was well answered. This part of the examination may be styled very fair. 