NOTES AND COMMENTS. [Br ' Ihb Mitr ts the Moon.'] Mr Urquhart (t9 tho Ohlel JiuHoe; lit Ung in B»nco) : It li a Tacaut»eat ooonplei by nobody, jour Honor. HiB Warship the Mayor, Alderman Brother Peter M'Orackan, was on Wednesday night initiated as an honorary member of the hoi&l; Maids ot Cornwall ({emale) branch ot tho OdditUowB. This ie the debating eooiety Mason. In their way these organisations are excellent institutions. The members ect their br&tas; Blirivd with subjects to whidi they might otherwise give little or no attention. Many an hour that migbt have been inexpressibly' doll has been filled by stimulated tV.ou;ht aud more or less ambitious ideas in antici pation of buddiug eloqucDCff, Numerous eminent men have acquired rudimentary experience in the art of public speaking at debating societies. Mr Gladstone iB credited with being a fascinating and eloquent pub lic speaker. Be practised at the celebrated Coion debating club at Oxford. Mr Joseph Chamberlain, now Tegnrdcd ub the most incisive speaker in the Imperial Parliament, performed first at a Birmingham debating society. Tlie 1: spoken word ' will probably never losu its power. But the calm and unsophisticated style in which the ordinary debating society orator proposes to extin guish existing political institutions and to substitute others of his omi creation sug. gesls the poBsibility of too much importance being attAched to mere words. In such cases logic and practicability are in danger of being crowded out. Tbe effort becomes a struggle to produce effect, and eventually ends iu the budding orator acquiring only what is vulgarly termed ' the gift of the gab.' The parliamcutary kind of debating society seems to be popular in Tasmania. The parliamentary method of dealing wieh subjects brought up to be decided on has its advantages, no doubt, as well as some disadvantages, liut while the svstem might be all right for serious public business it is questionable whether it is not too cumbersome for the average debating class. Tbe youthful mind is likely to get befogged in the labyrinth of procedure, and to get inextricably mixed up in attempting to follow the progress of a bill from the earliest to the final stages. The great use of the debating club should be to develop the mindB of its members ou the subjects dealt with.. .It is possible, and not alto gether improbable, that interest in tbc machinery itself requires too much attention from the amateurB who generally turn the handle to permit them to deal as well with the matters under consideration as they might do with a less engrossing method, the more simple the manner of proceeding at a debating class the more effective is tbe work likely to be. The Hobart ghost is going stronc And the curious pan of the basuieBS is that Bobody seems to be smart enough down there to catch the phantom. Indignation at tbe vagtrles of the apeetre is running high and bnrst oat into strong denunciation ot thi ' arrant coward,' the ?' imbecile indi vidual ' who seems to have no respect for his 'carcase,' and so forth. For all of which tbe ghoit doeBn't seem to care two snakes of a dead lamb's tail. ' The sconndrel ' has been measured, and he tuna up to a little over six feet. He is appro priately slim. Mr Kerr met the ghosc the otber sight, and would hare bombarded him with blue metal, bat for the awkward fact that there waB nono conveniently near. Ur Kerr, however, fired ofi the following Hamlet like challenge : ' Gome .man or come deTil, I am cot afraid of you.' This was pronounced with an open knife gleaming in 1 he etarligbt, thu Bignt ot which probably more than the desperate oratory of Mr Kerr caused the ' vagabond ' to tighten up Ebesprtogs of his heels and leave Atr Kerr in the Tear. Notwithstanding bis astonish ment Ur Kerr iB certain that he heard thu light and airy f oatatcus of the eix feet slim man skedaddling down the street. As a last resort to aupprtffls the ghost Dr. Orowther has takes tbe matter into Parliament, and a SDlect Committee will probably be ap pointed to capture thn spectre. tbe our council, Mosbjt, Jdly 6, 1S96. (Before His Worship Alderman Foter M'Cracken, Mayor.) Ia tbis case Alderman Barrett prosecuted* for the Mayor, whn, being an interested party, occupied the position of jadgc. Aldermen Jones and Guttou defended toe accused, Alderman Wilton, to the extent Chat he should be heari. Alderman Barrett vigorously demanded from the dtf endunt an apology to Bis Wor ship or tbe infliction of a fine not exceeding A 10 for giving notice of mBtlons of a dis respectful character, and ruBhing into print with them. Alderman Wilson desired to ' pnt in ' as evidence in his own behalf the irreproach able testimony of a file of the Uaily Telegraph. His Worship Csternly): Now then, no bembng, are you a-goiag to apologise or notf Alderman Wilson : I am not. Fined £1 without further option. Notice of appeal given. THE WEEK IN PARLIAMENT. (4 Private Memter'l Diary.') Tuesday. — Opcniog performance. Bad weather outside. -Small public attendance inside. Guard of honor shivered, sainted, and got wet. A well-made suit of Windsor uniform enclossd what was lett jjt Lord Gormauston. Four members -ltook'thfioath In tbe DonncU and seemed all tho better for' it. Bntler secured an allotment on the Op pOBition benches. Governor read speech, bnt as no formal declaration of tbe opening: of Par liament was printed, he forgot to mention it. Constitutional qacstion accsrdiogly precipi tated etraight away. Whatwewanttoknovr is whether Parliament is constitutionally opened or not. Pity Minister* did^iotcal*' culaleuponanantomaticdeUvery. Believed in wi-ll- inf ormed circles Governor lost bead at extraordinary prosperity that fee had t9 announce, and was just recovering when arrived ftt hamorons reference to New Zealand pigs and Tasmaniaa -apples, which caused complete collapBe, wberenpon threw all responsibility for actions onto private secretary, who also crushed i-re≮, chaos. Mournful start in the Assembly. Stoning: epoken well of , on the line tfiat -you never know the value of a friend until he's coos. E^id, new cUirk, received promises from Braddon and Lewis help him wear dead man's shoes comfortably. House knocked three o'clock sittings on head. Too mnoh of e good thing. Ourtsin to go up as of yore promptly at soar. Attorney- General switched on Redistribution of Seats BiU. Uacdonald gave notice of intention to break ont inquisitively on the lilllwaje. Ad jonraed. Wednesday. — After prayers Dobson tear fully appealed to Bradrion to give him satis faction about Anchor tta mine. Members cheered suggestion that tt should be outside. St. David's cemetery next door to Assembly. Plenty of room for new graves. Orowther ran in the Hobart ghost. Miles brought up address-ln-Toply, which Bald «o-t'alog. Miles (mover) and Bradley (seconder) said less. HartnoU sickly iaoetionB re Council Agricul tnre and Hallway Department. TJrquhart voluminous « Vest Coast, completely spoiled [chance, overdid the thing. Others spoke and Bald nothing. Collins inquisitive in Ooutloll abont capital value land. Butler heaved np addressin reply, empty document, like mover's speech. Page better, knew what lie was talking afaonr. Booke sot np to ' aiok' for carica turing. Other business nil. Adjourned for 12 daye to recover exhausted energies. TnOLBDAY.— Budget, Great success. No poetry. No prose quotations. Half the size predecessor. All hard faots. Change ap preciated. Colony in fair way recovery. F.vsh's figuics knocked doubting .Thomas' j Into heap. Getting out patent to wipe off public debts colonies. Probably called to England to federate empire. (Loud cheen). Lawyer ; ' What is jour gross income ?' Witness : '? 1 hove no gross Income,' Law yer : ' No income at all f ? Witness ; ' No gross income ; I hare ft set Income, I'm in the fish bwlnew,' 