Kinging the Changes. AN AUSTRALIAN HORSE PASTORAL. Br C. H. S. OXE steaming Sunday morning, wo was riding slowly down TLat's me and Joe from Walwa-to Tarioola town, . the chapel bell was ringing, as we cleared the bit of scrub Th*t bounds the parson's paddock, at the kick of ttiley's pub. We ii&du;'t got a deenar*. and we're anxious bero to state We'd break no Sunday liquor laws-'whilst lUley kept a slate. This Riley seemed obliging, till he mentioned Jo*:'d a bill That slrctchcd instead of shrinking up and settling in his till. So Joe to" head him off talks horse, and, giving me a wink. Says, " Kiley, what was you before yon took to selling drink ? I've heard as how you used to own a ringing good old gray: The Badger, quite a champion in the steeple chasing way." First Kilev wrinkles up his lip?, half whistle*. then ho spoke: «» »Tis a very tinder topic, bhoys; that gray horse sint me broke, 1 But take anohbler to his name, and while I . tell the tale, Just wish with me them Goulia covcs was doing time in gaol\ I lost him in a kind of flood; perhaps that's the reason whv, When Badger's nanu- is mentioned now, I'm : always feeling dhrv." "I never was a silver tail what goes for full ? and flash, j I'm modest like, especially when I am out for t cash; . I As most'ml know old Badge could win the Goulia Steeplechase, I didn't gas as how I meant to start him in ! that race, I Not much ! I just forgets him slick and in an j absent way, ^ | He's entered Tonkin's brown, The Fox,' and ! exits ltilev'tf grey." j M When a cove has taken lessons in a back- ; block galling school, I He isn't too particular when he wants to scoop the pool; And as I want's a monte what should cop the maximum. By wire they gets an etury for The Fifer; . whew} a plum. . The handicapper he fell in, and socks him up I .with weight, A pretty poultice, 14 stone; The Fox gets 10 | stone S." j 41 Well, bhoys, yo know what color is, givy's j always grey, brown ain't, " . But it isn't hard to change 'em if your handy with the paint. I'd got my dollars on The Fox, the pet was pretty warm It somehow starts a-eooling when swish 1 comes a thunderstorm, The tield was at the starting post; what price the rain ? by cripes! The Fox wants brushing up again - he's coming out in sthripes !" **I twigs a transformation scene about his taO | mid mane, . As we waited for the llag to fall amidst that j pourin' rain; At last we're otT. Tho course was shtitT 'fore we got once round, A divil's dor.en of 'em found they'd lush . with the ground; .But two stood up: The Fox hard held, the Boetor's chestnut led, . But "bout a mile or so from home the landed j on her head." "As lie's winning in a canter then, The Fox takes off too close, And followin' the prescription he nearly ^ot | his dose; .Don't make no odds the stumble, the whins of time to spare, . The Fox^vius very easy by a furlong from the mare. j Why does the "Doctor protest ? What's that j the darned judge says, Number t> is Jonkin's liwwn; there ain't no 1 ?.ehm greys!" "The hand plaved then. Some swear? Uadge. I asks the lloomiu' l\v. If folks don't sometimes rind their hair > piebald thvv>ugh a shook. * 'Tis rare,' says he; says I, * The Fox U timid, | easy scans!, So Jenkin's^ays all them thundering falls have frightened him white-haired! I swore tho I'adger's dead three mouths. ' Quite ><>' they says ' he's . The chestnut mare she got the stakes and I'm | disqualified, " To save my skin and get away I paid up ] every debt. And had to give the Poo. my horse to square a tiftv l»et; And in return he whispers me, 4 Them v colours spoil,' . And paintings last far longer when the artist | takes on oil," .* I've balanced up his winnings since, though no more mokes 1 dyed, I bleached a bay to creamy with some shlutY call 1 perovide,' Tis made iho\ say fivm bullock's skins dmmo Next year I won tho Doctor's dollars, though-my word I -I cost him dear, * I He'd got the lkulger right again and hacked him for a pile, I But though 1 wasn't on the spot, I did him I up in style. lie don't know yet the yellow horse, that beat him on the post, Was thank's to that there stuff a crack l\v steeplechaser's ghost." That's how I got the ortice, if in TariooH ! town, 1 "i our parching for a nobbier and no coii plank down, . Call around on Kiley and ask him for this talc Sympathise discreetly, and vou'llgct it bv the pail. * Ttecttiir, a shHtiii;. Ho-141 teel like a fool to night." She "Why tonight Ambiguous: She-" And would von hav* loved mo just'as much without my money ?" Ho-" Just ns much, my darling." Vl)d you think you could eat another piece of pie, Tommy " I think 1 could, ma'am, HI stood up" In Chicago: Vndcvtaker - "Hct\\\ this won't do; whore is the sixth pallbearer*"' " Ho la-cr- that is. he is propo^ivg to the willow." " The best nrcventivc forvcasickness/'says the Manayunk Phih^-oyhcr, XK U to climb a tall tree and stay there till the voyage is over." "Well, 1 swam V said the eat on ihe back fence., as a shower of hoots caxuc his way ; " that fellow must think lVo boon getting marrlsl." Hoax-" Wvs Sillicus know anything aKmt music?" «1oa\\-"No; he doesn't know the difference between a string oivhestra and a rubl>er band." " I think it is mean of you to ^\y that the count is good for nothing." " Well, I suppose if yon ever go to Paris he will come in handy as'an interpreter," 