A KOMANCE OF MAORILAND. (COPYRIGHT.) fI ON THE WA1KATO. ' la -.---,-.- CIIA1'PTEIK III,--CONrtINUED. "\With a loud crash the massive y door at length gave way and the say ages, yelling with rage and triumph, I rushed into the house. There was a broad staircase leading from the hall to thoupper portion of the dwelling. At the head of the stairs stood Camden, like a lion at bay, a revolver in each hand. ToI'e Apora had one hand on tile stair-rail,butt drew back at the reso lute attitude of tile farmer. si "' Once more I ask ye what do ye want here ?' said Ihe, placing his back to the wall. st "'The chief replied : "' The I'akclha robs the Maori of his land and tmurders him at leisure. a W'hy shluld not the Maori follow the y examllple of tile I'akeha and rob who he can ?' life,i answered the old man. , "'Tut! 'lhe Pakchas are one race,' responded Te Apora, briefly. ' My warriors want the blood of the Pakeha in exchange for the lives of two lie has slain. Let himt throw aside his gutns and submit himself to the will of Te Apora.' "'1 decline to have further parley with you. Vou and your tribe are a lazy, plundering horde. whom neither a mnurder nor robbery can satisfy. Your will means destruction and ruin here, but you shall fight for it.' " The Pakeha is but one, we are many. Let him think I' saidthechief, quietly. "'No; I know your bloody pur pose,' he cried vehenlently.' 'Were there twice your number I would not yield without an effort for mny life. Stand back.' " A tall savage, less patient than his \--eompanions, sprang like a panther up the stair; but a shot from Camden's revolver hit-Itiul full in in the throat and Ihe rolled blrkward dead. " This was but the beginning of the end. Like a pack of 'hounds the Maoris bounded forward and over powered their victim and disarmed him. With blows and imprecations they dragged him down- stairs. In his desperation, Irhe clung tenlaciously to the rail and, in spite of all tihe efforts of his murderers,they could not unloose his hands, when some savage, more cruel than the rest, drew his nlaripi (knife) and severed the unfortunate's fingers from his hinds. They bound up the maimed limnb in mockery and led Camden into the dining room. The long dining-lable-table was reared on end and tile ruffians bound their victimn to it with a stout cord. "' Will the "akeha ask 'I'e Apora :f6Iir ilife?' questioned the chief with a sneer. "'No; 'ITeApora is a murderer and therefore he loves murder. Vet, let the chief rememlnber this scene when the bayonets of the l'akehas are at the throats of his race and fire consumes their hapus. Contlllete your murder ous work. The Pakcha does not fear you.' "The old man spoke no mnore. IIe was hoisted bodily upward with the table and placed against the wall, while his murdelers, retreating to the fur ther end.if the apartment, columnicced a diabolical gameiC of ball practice at their human target." CHIAP'rEiK IV. I ha«a no vanity. The rubs and ...joltings of this lovely world have pretty well ecased mle of any particles of self sufficiency I may have iubibed with miy mother's milk, Frotm the first hour of my entrte to the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that his handsotme, amtiable daughter had set her line to angle for me. As a rule, the half-bloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring in disposition, hut, to my astonishment, I found Myra Cable quite tile reverse in this respect. Since the unfortuate affair in the river, whercin I had played the part of the farcical hero, the lady had taken tile under Iler especial charge. Ilnring my sojourn in manry lands I had learnt mlany tmodes of making- love, but for straightforward, vigorous and original billing the Prile Alinister's daughlter was the chef-dwauvre. I here is an illustration : ?one evening wc (lyra and I) were walndering down bIy the river ar i-in. Prml, It was an ..tsahlifil,t mo olllghl night, nhuost as clear as day. i)'siud tenly the girl stolppeddtrd taking are by both lmly aunts, lixed her large black eyes upon illy face. , r-lank, do you love rlt" shre said, briell , ill a rather cold andI hard tur0n of voice. 'J'lhe lueedi?,n was so studdetCn annd uin exFplted tlat I colrlid rlot leply for tile "I lecauseit" site CotritinUed, wVithout ,waiting for tly shawer, " I love )'yoll- love you Itolre tlirrhnI 1 call tell." , \hy, Mylra, this is te lelap tyear," cried I, rc:ivcrrillyg 'ysclf "' I care rlot wllat ,crr it is," sile answerrd, in thIe tainttrdMtui'r ,reld tlro and with Itralige li1fil It, her eyes. "'It hlas eeiled l)yets to tie shile yotl caoie here. Arnlwer ln iattlstltlh". " I -retally- Ilke 'lli very Iuith,'l L )-ra, rut--" *' I.kel Nay, lthlt is act relll'," she \- er, with vellelrlerree. "I sirs deter alcl'th.i.t yoll sthll lIrise ime, or-'" " Or witlit, Miss Cablue " "I will or.i., Vuts I"' sle retlrned, S Ilowil' andl withlultl mioving a sturclof y' her Lace I butan ot lailghlnRg at iher, Ilere wa5 couirtlirg willth a vCngetnce, II hiy lure o ly life, 'hlt was Itn "rOlh, )aou mauiy lUlglhI" alto ralidl rter" a puse, " I'ave hcarld lny fa, thcr say thait chup lrtwlitil leO loslI cruel when they seem most mercllul. 1 So it is with you. Ios 'u lthink L have U not the courage to kill you ?" t I felt inclined to roar out afresh at t her question; but, looking down at I her, 1 saw that she was in terrible earn. i est. " Myra, you are half a Pakeha," I answered, in a grave way, so that she c might not mistake lsy words. "'I'hec s people about you here are ignorant,but you have been to school and know r many things that they can never know. I If the chief Rewi wants a wife he se lects whom he pleases from his tribe; and, if the lady dlemurs, he uses force. Among th(e Pakehas it is different. r Love does not come at our bidding, neither will he depart from us with a word." " Love has come to me like a thief," I she inurmured, in a low tone. "I amls sorry," I said, soothingly. "Byand.by, perhaps, Myra may see t some handsome fellow more worthy and more suitable for you as a husband than I am. Rememnenber, I ant almost a stranger to you aind a guest beneath your father's roof." " You are a beautiful devil that has come and taken the light out of my t .life,".she.cried,.stamlling her foot on the ground in a fierce mnood. " Before you camue I was happy. Now I do not care if you throw me Iradforemost into the river I" " 'ooh, girl! You are beside your self, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy." "Fancy !" sheechoed,her eyes ; ablaze, " you shall see I" and without another word she left mne to find my way back alone. I was fairly puzzled what to do un der the circumstances. The girl was handsome, she was tolerably educated and one of the best female mimssics (especially of the human voice) that I had heard in my life. This I had good cause to remenmber later on. Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair per secutor. It was at the close of a long day's pig hunting, in company of Rewi and others, that I chanced to outstrip my companions in chase of a huge boar. I was so pre-occupied with the excite mient of the sport that I did not notice that I was alone and that the dusk of evening was gathering around ime. When I did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of the pel -a signal to my companions; but, to my surprise and chagrin, there was no response. Again and again I made the ravines ring with the call, but with no better success. I was tired with the hunt and very hungry, having tasted nothing in the way or eatables since morning; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on anid try and find the party re turning home before darkness set inh At that time I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the young chief and his tmen ; but, as it transpired afterwards, had I remnained stationary in one place no doubt they would have found me. But I had an idea that I could find the settlement of the king very well by imyself-like the preslnulptuous puInpIy that I was. I)arkness came on apace and I as cended the side of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and felt for my comforter, in the shape of a short black cltty, which, Iy the way, had consumled soime score pounds weight of tobacco. But I discovered that I had not the ghost of a match whlerewith to light it. L "The deuce fall foul of that ugly boar!" I muttered, between mcy teeth. "No food and Iny pipe useless for the want of a lucifer. N'il a'especrasndsmt I'll push on ; better to keep movisng. I'cm on the right track." , It haplpened that I was not, though. Striding haphazard over the loose stones and boulders, I made headway up one ridge and down another until the Iperspliration began to stand on mte t in huge drops. At the termination of Ia couple of hours I found myself en. tering a tall forest of kauri pines, which I did not remember to have seen in our route during the pig hunt. It was now quite dark, but there was sufficient light for tie to trace my steps; yet the further I went the more dense becamne the scrub, until I was lain to sit down andl rest I begatn to despair now of finding [ y wayway ill the gloom of night. My face alnd hands were torn with the siharp thorns and prickles of the stunted Scawrie and titi-li-tree and, by the sanme process, my clothing had become well ventilated to the kgue night wind. I I felt I would gladly have exchanged a . 5-note for just one single wax match that nthtil!on!P.,tth?'. c.c'ance it was as Swelliht 1 Ihad none with me. e Matters that seem to our short sighted reason a msifortune very often turn out in the long runl to our advan. a, tge. 1 hadi been seated in the shelter Sof ione l the ligrand kaurli' pines lot tboiuts all hour, whecn I becamle aware . of t low, strancge nioise in miy vicinity. SAt tirst it sounided lilke tie wisd amtnOgst tse britshwoud, but uanon, as I intently lilteled, 1 distingulletd the \- voices of lmen talking loudly. My first iIItl ise was to give forth "the cry ot thie pulu; but fuoreigl travel .had tiaughit lme cautlon, thuciefore s craw!ied titipo Ilsy hands and knees In SIlhe dlrcctisin of thie siuntls, alnd ipre. e, snlly cattle upon a si:Clle tlhat liade s inst feel Ianll)'thling buit coortable, \Wilhlit i snsill cleating, ringed in by , a thick belt f trees, I saw a lrlge lire, Aroundl it ii a circle were silquatted e solme fily ,M:aolli, lalking and siget:tll. r latiig Ins a ficlce aisnnnur, pecslllar to the laotir whins rouoed to anger, ''lThey were ill uarmedtl and otat fellow I of Hllcrculan proportions, wiho scetied if to hold utthorly over thi reainithtler, was Bstantdling in the centre of tihe rilltg a Icatlng on hIis rille, This savage was\ y almost nude atd had his body palutted in a goltesquo fashion wltlh while plthlt I ancd red octhre, his head bIchllg adorned s. by a crlimseon shawl, II I htad becn only six weekh In thie hapu ot the Kingites, but, under the tuition of lMIyra, I had gathered a smat tering of the Maori langlage suflicient to enable me to comprehend the pur port of what these savages were say The gist of it was simply this: at Ralph Heywood, a. sea captain, vQ owned a large house and a fine estate Co somewhere in the neighborhood. Ben lik Cable mentioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some thirty- al: two miles further up the river, on a vi grant of fine pasture land purchased wv from the king, under whose protection pc lie lived. The place occulpied by the to retired mariner was called " Fern m Cliff," and was considered the station par ercellence on the Waikato River. cc Here, then, I discovered that these pr men before me were part of a robber su tribe of Maoris, known as 'Te Huri, of the banditti of New Zealand, who ae spl now, anti ever have been, a scourge fli and a plague to both peaceful Maori hi and Pakeha. The purport of their visit n; was brielly to plunder Captlain Iley- in wood's house at Fern Cliff. wi Crouched here listening to then, I he was enabled to gather and put together their whole plan of attack. The visit ki of these wretches meant more than wt plunder-it meant murder-cold, cruel pi murder; for I had heard them spoken th of even by their own race with a shud- vil der of horror. wl 1 would have given all I had in the m world to have warned Rewi of the pre- gi' sence of these marauders. But how was it to be done? Even had I known fol the way to the settlement, how was I or to bring the requisite succor up in pr time. TIhe attack was to be made on Fern co Cliff on the following morning and in lic the meantime three scouts were ordered ot by Tutara, the leader of the party, to fri proceed to the station at once to recoin- an noitre, with orders to return before wi dawn and report progress. cli As I heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I deter- of mined to dog the heels of the scouts, pc discover the Fern Cliff and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I had th time to clearly fix this decision in my g mind, the three savages leapt out of ti the circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces or of my concealment without discovering hi Rising fromt my posture, I followed t cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes of had grown accustomed to the night and wi I could discern them very well. I felt B no fear, so far as my own personal it safety was concerned. 1 was armed al with a doublc-barrelled rifle, also a of revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on.mtty b1 way back to the hapu. For a long th timne I hovered at the rear of the scouts, at who moved at a rattling pace. Once at or twice I imagined they had discover. ed tme, but soon found they had paused at to be certain of the route I cl L CHAPTER V. m I \- ci It was very fatiguing and a great to draw on my staying powers to keep st Space with the Maori scouts. Thent pace was neither slow nor gentle, but a , raspling, swinging gait, peculiar to these is people, and by which the slowest of them can itanage to get over five or al sI ix English miles an hour for days to. n I gether when on tsite warpath or forag ing expeditions. v s It was a imloment when I began tc 1 enteitain serious doubts as to sny hi ability to keelp the Mlauris in Ntew thal hI I was relieved by a sudden halt on is y their past. The spot was a high clii c; or ridge, ovcrlookiing a ravine which at e had been thickly wooded on either it I side, but the axe of the settler had thined the giant kauris, leaving a noble, it park-like valley, at the upper end of rt h. hich there loomed out the gables of a e large house. There were lights twink- r y ling at the windows and the sountd of t voices could be heard. e ite moon had risen an hour previ u ,f ously and by its light I could discern u i. several out-houses, stables, sheds and al Ia host- of other indications which be- s r spoke the the wellto- do settler. The pic. a v ture was beautiful in its caltm repose f it and stillness, viewed beneath the glow is e of the moon. I however soon the black ft c storm of human passion might lower b is over the peaceful scene, the stars spark. 0 led and the moon shone in undisturbed g tranquility. y Thle scouts did not leave me imuch c e titte for cogitation. 'Taking a circuit. Sots route, but in a more cautious way is e than hitherto, they approached tlie Ii house by the garden, the latter having i I a high lunce on one side with a broad a creek on the other. I lre, within tille is shot of the dwelling of Captain I Hey. Is wood, the lMaorid sat down by rhe bants of the streati to r?st ere proceediingl to t" reconnoitre Ilth c'plac.e. it it was useless mlly dogging the scouts iany longer. I knew that these war. r riuots would hIave to return to their II clnntades aud report progress ere anty a e thing in the shtaple'of an attack would r Sbe atteupttcd. d Cautiously retracilg imy slels, I o miade lily way rouid the garden eti ieCC c to ant openiltg leadiig to thie back pat i of the preulises, II I could not heclp noticing lthat the :I house was large, one story aitd solidly a built of stotne, wilh a broad verandaih n stretching round three sides, the rear .rall Ibelig olpen to the orchiard auid a theice to the creek. I had maiaged to reach within s y dozen paces of the back door whene a ihuige dog leiapt forth at tne ta the titt d mioust stretch of his chasni, I cannot t. Iell wtrat piossessed le atI tile ntoltent, o but I walked bIoldly up to the brutte, r. who ceatsetld his tulse in an ilnstant and w began to Alnff rolUed the, 1 saw he d was a gusnd spechinel of bthe New. r, fountdlantl breed, black II) color and nl. Ig osl as large as a inule, No doubt is laly lenterity saved ne fromn his fans, dA Maouri or thief woult Iave tttUt forl t, t iPerchance tie dog was the luicim s 1s :d toolshed of the twhl,. lle quielly per. tallitted l to go frollt) tllln wltlust IIor' Io nds,-r'o i C'on/l/Nhi W ' 