THE CALEDONIAN BALL. ¡ Another Brilliant Success. TER ball held annually under the auspices of the Caledonian Society of Broken Hill took place last night in the Town Hall, and, aa had been anticipated, it was in every way a success. The arrangements for the decoración of the building had been carried oub oh a most elaborate scale, a considerable amonnb of taste being expended to accomplish the best artistic effect. The staircase was almost con- cealed by boughs, and the same profusion of greenery was observable in all directions. A great amount of pains had been taken in the decoration of the hall itself, which probably never presented a more brilliant appearance Chan on this occasion. After reaching the landing, the visitor was confronted in the first place with the decorations ab the platform end. The stage itself was embowered in greenery and flowers. Surmounting the platform was a scroll with the motto-"Nemo me impune kcesBit," the letters being worked out with leaves and flowers. In the centre of the motto was a hand-painted sketch of the Scotch thistle; this was the work of Mrs. Gow. Above this again were the letters B. H. C. S., also beau- tifully worked out in floral design. From a line in the centre of the hall, a standard bearing the Bed Lion, ram- pant, on a yellow ground, the national flag of Scotland, stood out defiantly in the midst of the peaceful though brilliant surroundings. The front of the stage was composed of mirrors ornately draped, and around the side3 large gum branches were fancifully connected with a carefully drooped chain of art muslin. The general effect was striking in the extreme, and it showed that those who had the con- duct of the decorative part of the show had striven their utmost to do their duty in the moBt conscientious manner. Amongst those to whom this satis- factory result may be attributed were the following ladies and gen- tlemen:-Mesdames Souter, Waugh, Graut, Cohoun, Megaw, Mor- rison, Whomsley, M'Cowan, Muses Moxon, Marshall, and Strachan, and Messrs. L. Cohoun, Waugh, Strachan, Grant, Hansen, Souter, and M'Leod. The following lent decorations.-The German Club, Messrs. Boan Bros., Procter and Cooper, Pellew, Walker, Morrison, M'Cowan, Mathers, Eaton, and Edwards, W. Gow, and Strachan ; and Messrs. Benham and Howell lent pot plants. The floor committee consisted of Messrs. J. P. Megaw, W. Â. Waugh, J. A. M'Pbie, and J. P. Smith. The chief was Mr. W. A. Waugh, and the secretary Mr. J. P. Megaw. The catering was done by Mr. 6. Strachan, and the music was supplied by Se well's string band, assisted by three bagpipes. Both the catering and the music were excellent. Arrangements bad been made to seat about 120 persons at a time, and the utmost care had been taken by Mr. Strachan to give the supper rooms an air of festivity equal to that of the hall above. It merely meant passing from one fairy scene to the other, only that the tastes had to be changed ; and this could easily be done as one came down the stair- case. In the supper rooms the chan- deliers were draped-if it be per- mitted to nee the expression-with the fronds of tree fern, elegantly re- lieved with flowers at intervals ; and the tables were profuse with cot flowers and pot plants, at the same time ample space being left for those more substantial comforts which the hungry dancers came down to seek, and which, after all, can never be found in the romantic atmosphere of a ballroom. Mr. A. W. Baker prended at the refreshment stall upstairs, and it may be said without any disrespect to the sons of Scotland that his duties were not light. Mr. Baker, however, filled his somewhat thankless part with courtesy and assiduity. The ball opened with a march to the music of the bagpipes, the chief (Mr. W. A. Waugh) leading the way with Mrs. Strachan. Then came the past chief (Mr. Strachan) with Mrs. Waugh, chieftain (Mr. Souter) with Mrs. Sauter, and Chieftain Young and lady. There was nothing of a nationally distinctive character in the costumes. Many of the ladies were elegantly attired, and a few wore borne tartan sash indicating their claim to a descent from a chief of some clan. With the exception of two or three who wore the full Highland costume, the gentlemen were dressed in simple evening attire ; bot they all wore the badge of the Royal Stuart in the lapels of their coats. On the whole it was a goodly company, of which any old Highland chief might woll have been proud. The braw lads and the bonnie lassies who floated ronnd the room showed that they had nob de- teriorated by transplantation, and that they were not unworthy offsprings of a worthy race. If the wraith of Roderick Dhu could have had a peep into the room last nigh!;-perhaps he did-he no doubt would have lifted his hands to Heaven and ejaculated with piety-because a Scotchman, eveu when a ghost, is sure to be piojs "Tho .Laird be tlankit for a' His mairciee," and then have retired to that region in the next world which is the exclusive heritage of Scotchmen. However this may be, the proceedings were kept ap until a lute hour, aad, as they began and continued, so they ended -mest enjoyably. 