MRS. TREGrASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO- AUSTRALIAN LIFE » BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED- (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) I CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) "In the beginning It xvas the fascination of repulsion, for him anyhow, I fancy. And then the poles changed. For mo ho wai something positive, compelling. He forced life upon mo In its hldeousuess, its reality, us magnincent power— life m tne Dig tnrin- ing sense, hot in that of my draw In groom drama. He made me long to experience the grip of strong feeling; an intoxication which freed one from one's self. You know — no, you can't know or guess what my marriage was to me— the awful deadness ol it, Some times I feel that Clare Tregaskiss knows and understands; but she .Is strong, she can hide what she suffers under that strange, quiet smile; and I long to tell her, to talk to her ol It, and I dare not. Oh, how one agonised (or a breath of something pun gent. I tried to get it in — well, you know the sort of flirtations a London woman falls Into— and the kind of men — I tried every thing to give me sensations — even to read ing horrid French novels; and then I went on a pilgrimage to Lourdes for my soul's healing. John Ironside was the person to appeal to me In that mood. There wasn't the least thought, at first, of making him love me. The East End mania was gen uine, Then there came a dreadful moment when that excitement palled, and I saw another excitement straight In front of me — one I'd never had before. I saw that the granite was softening — that he was begin ning to care for me. I thought I should like to know what it felt like to be laved by such a man. I wanted— this is all I have got to put forward in extenuation here — I wanted to 'he made to care for him — to bo strung up to some heroic endeavor, even to renunciation, I knew that was what love must moan — for mo. I was never a wicked woman — in that sense.'.' "You need not tell me that," he Inter rupted, hoarsely. "Well, I told myself that a real affection — real Interest— would be my salvation. I wanted to believe In his aims, and to help him in them, to do some work, and anyhow devote some of my superfluous cash to the relief of those wretched starving creatures —you remember that strike winter. But when 1 saw that he was fighting against my Influence, steeling himself and keeping away from me, the devil took me In posses sion, and I wanted to win tho battle. I determined that I would conquer, and that he should own himself beaten: That was Just before we took Felmarshes." Blanchard bowed his head. "Well — you know — I heard you preach. I saw your face, so worn and so 'lifted' — I don't know how to express It. You've lost that look a good deal. It moved me — It was a Savonarola look. I got that sort of feeling a'bout you — that you would be tho person to go to in trouble. And then you caine and dined with us — we had a lot of people, do you remember — tho racing set? I was so ashamed of them. And we went to the manor. And then there was tho fever in the village, and you seemed to want to fling- away your lite In looking alter the poor people. Do you remember that autumn?" "Don't let us speak of It," he replied, with emotion, "I remember It all too well. I remember your wonderful courage during that, fever time — your generosity and devo tion, and how you seemed to ho trying to show me that under the fx-lvolous mask and amidst all tho luxury and thoughtless selfishness of life In that palace on tho hill, there was the stuff of which Ideals ore made. I was wrong In saying that It was entirely Ironside who Influenced me at that crisis In my life. You Influenced me great ly, too. Your words and ways, and the trust you placed In me, undeserved as It was, forced me to be true to the highest standard I know — that of sincerity." "And you preached that sermon — that wonderful sermon which was like a bomb In the peaceful household. And you gave up everything, and wore banished from your Inheritance, and went to work among the dockers lu London. I have kept all tho letters you wrote me then— all that I ever had from you." He was visibly moved. "I used to think," she went on in a child like way, "that you were to me something of what Daniel Deo-onda was to Gwendo len." ' "Oh, do not say that," he cried. "It is true. I leaned on you in the same way." "I was not in the very least like Daniel Deronda." "No," she laughed, "you always said the conventional thing about him — that ho was a woman's hero, and not flesh and blood. Perhaps that is true, hut it did not . aitpr Gwendolen's feeling. If Danlol had had rea son to bellevo Gwendolen insincere in her professions towards him, and utterly un worthy in every way, no doubt he would have acted like a man's man, and he would have run away in anger and disgust, and loft her to her fate, oven if there had been no Myra in tho cose." . "There was no Myra in the case," said the young nia, ia a stlflled voice "No, there was only John Ironside. And when yon found out that your Gwendolen had said tho same things to John Ironside — almost as if you had appealed to him to teach her — quite differently, but then you would not have known that; you would have thought It all just, the same — all part of the play — when you found that she had worked for him among the London poor, as I did for you among theN poor at Fel marshes, and all the time as a reason for getting Into touch with you, only as the lure of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill of a dramatic situation, 'Frightfully thrilling," you know, as Hilda Wange would say. But I forgot, you left England before Ibsen ' became the fashion. Oh, well, It was no wonder that you thought. . ." "That you were preparing the same fate for me." "With all the same art and tho same guile. Oh, yes, you might have said to yourself that one fine day, when the play begins to get wearisome, this double-faced wretch will throw off her mask, and I shall see her as she is In her abominable selfish ness and callous greed of power — Just as ho saw her at the last. You might very well have expected to find that sho had only been amusing henself, playing a sort of game of chess with your sanctities which she had talked so finely about, just to make you believe her a simple, Innocent creature; and then, when she had checkmated you, and the battle' held no more interest, sweep ing them off the board and bidding you go about your business and leave her to find a new amusement. Oh, how you would despise her! How you would hate her!" "No, never that," he Interrupted. "And how you would glory In. hurting her — as It was In your power alone to hurt her — with silent contempt. When she had humiliated herself — thrown herself at your feet " Gladys's voice was choked. She threw her arms over the back of the seat, and buried her face in them; he could see that she shook with inward sobs. "Not to hurt her," he said, deeply trou bled. "But to save myself!" "You did not give me credit for any human feeling," she went on, presently, lifting her head, but not looking at him. "Did you think me such an unnatural monster that I could bear to know myself the cause of a man killing himself, and not die almost myself with shame and horror and remorse? You don't know how I. suffered. Oh, you don't know how I suf fered." "I oan believe It— now." "If you had answered my letter — If you had come to see me just once again, I would have told you." Sho spoke very low, and her words fell brokenly. "It was you who opened my eyes — at Felmarshes — you made me want to bo good — to strive, after the highest — affection. It wasn't that kind of feeling he had for me. He let himself go mad, I think. One idea pos sessed him. He was the sort of strong man who, when he gives way, does so ut terly — allows himself to be absorbed, over whelmed by one desire. And when he can't gratify it — don't you understand? How could I foresee that he would want — that ho would have had me give up everything i for him altogether? He would not bolieve that I had never cared for him In that way. No, never, never for one Instant. Then I' got reckless, too, and I told him just how it had been, and my badness, and how I had purposely at tho end led him on. And then, how knowing you had made me realise I said I would do all I could to blot the remembrance of him out of my life. Then he said — things about you. He — It drove him wild. He said ho would kill you —or himsel'f— and the next I heard was that he was dead . '. And I tried to make you know — and you would not " "Ahl" Blanchard cried. "I understand! There was something that was always a mystery — something between him and me — the night he shot himself. I know now." Gladys got up and stood before him. "I havo told you. And I have nothing more to say. I came all the way to say this —all the way to Australia. Try not— not to think — so hardly." Her words seemed to melt into a sob. She turned swiftly and was some paces from him before ho spoke. "Gladys;" he called; but she would not turn back, and he saw her white form vanishing like a ghost bohlnd the orange trees. . . CHAPTER XXI.— THE FIRE. Tregaskiss was sleeping the heavy sleep of the Inebriate. He had finished up the ovenlng without tho restraining Influence of ladles' society In the bachelors' quarters, had como late to his room, and had thrown himself only half undressed on the bed outside tbo coverlid beside his sleeping wife. The long journey in the heat, and physical fatigue, had made Clare drowsy. When she awoke towards the small hours It was to the sound of tho baby's wail, and to that of her husband's stertorous and fume-laden breathing. She had been dreaming a most poetic and tender dream, in which she and Genesto were wandering together by tho banks of a broad blue lake, which she Imagined to be Lake Eungela, with heavenly moonlight stream ing down upon the waters, and a gentle wind ruffling Its surface Into tiny waves which threw back opaline rays from their crests ' of foam. It was some moments before she could convince herself which was. dream and which reality. She. drew tho baby to her sldo, hushed and fed It from the bottle placed In readiness, and presently It went to sleep again. The night was very warm; she was drowsy still, but the ln£rt form beside her brought nightmare thoughts. Her ob servations of tbe evening evoked sugges tions of possible freedom at which she re- colled, and which mercifully were only sug gestions, never taking the form of de? finite desire. How could she wish for that which while both lived was only to be gained through wrongdoing. The ghastly dohbt presented Itself. . . . Was it in truth sin to obey Nature's ordinance, whether In the higher or lower scale of being the ordinance that bade the birds of the air choose their mates, and till the offspring were, fledged at least he faithful to them.. Their offspring. Here lay tbe human responsibility. Clare touched the little soft sleeping thing beside her, and wondered at the curious Impersonal sort of feeling she had for It, and wondered too If she would have felt differently had It been the child of the man: she loved, (To he continued.) 