political Froth. To-night Mr. Dobson (peaks at New N or- iil wj,en a. crowd Bhould roll op to hear .nlinwarily d'K«t who* be bin to eay on ttetoportuit matter of federation. n That fipwwh nnd Amenoan-Onban ♦rouW* on H»« 'norease. fiot the from ftlw»T« crook if they gat tbe Blowup to eia The St»te« Unnroe dootrine i« furnishing Tlie Doited States Besoming a position ?vene to national arbitration settlement*. Wb«t is the difference betireen a demo crat and a repnblioan ; or a labor repre ?entativeand a nnionittP Mr. Jw. Coj intends to contest the West burr i«at against the Hon. Thos. Reibey at tie next eleotipns. It is MtonishiOf hew desirous members of Parliament are or enlight-ning the poor ?iraorant people upon the subject of Pedera iC. How charitable I Tbit£«00i«work ine up a deal of Federal enthusiasm. ?)obs»n ears : ' If a freetrade policy were adopted in Tasmania a great impetus would be given to trade generally. You will bare lower rents; yon will have cheaper inte rest- yon will have lowor wages.' What an enticing ball of fare. The Paraguayan Government insists upon the Dew Australian colony acoepting a sub sidy of BOO dbfob (abont fiW) a month, and wilt grant a loan for the purchase of ma chinery if reqnircd. The Australian Go vernment* in tbe past have moBtlv favored Italians, German*, and at boet Cockneys and otbw towney Britons. Tbc native Austra lian bora bos never boon considered worth encouraging, inasmuch' as he h»R alwaya ?sited for a good wage. IJo less than from £18,000,000 (o £14 000,000 sterling ie raised by tbe opium o-toin' in India yearly, and of tbis £7 SUO.OWO finds its way into tbe exebecuer. Last Wednesday Premier George Held (old a deputation that be believed theie would be no permanent solution of Win un employed problem except through a reform of tho'land laws rnd tbc extension of water confirmation, whieb would lead to tbe fur th-*r development of tbo country. The CliI'1'i-R wonders whether Sir Fill-up bnis brought any similar common sense back fiom6yeney. Unfortunately the trip was only undertaken because the knight is an A.M.P. painea-pig; yet welivoin liope! At South T«unoeslon a democratic candi date itin tbe field, and the old representa tive* of special privilege are in a blue funk. Buninm people and impecunious electors prefer ♦« regard this as a very good thing. The circulation of— well, opinions— always increases immediately prior to an election, doncberknow. 'Thiang* demands men who have con victions,' shouted the impassioned Liberal orator. ' Where shall we find them P' 'In qnod,' yelled a man from the back, Bingnose Wise has been chargod by Sir Henry Parkes with the arrangement of lettats and papers with a view to pnblica tion. Tbe ambitious statesman wbb alwaya ambitions to live after death. Jadging by the new-born interest in charitable movements, and the amount of good red gold expended for winter clothing by tbe 'right-thinking' Parliamentary candidates, it would be a good tiling for the charity organisations and drapers, and others who find things doll at times, to run a Democratic candidate for every constitu ency in Tasmania. It would pay in several ways. The loafer is the direct outcome of onr religions loafer, the political loafer, the pot house loafer, the eaniety loafer, etc., all sprout from the same class .of coil. ' Papa, bny me an European prince,' aaid tbe daughter of one of Amer' :a's trust kings to hcr- fctner. ' I can't do it just now, my daughter,' was tbe reply. ' I bave to bny two or three legislatures for my own use.' — Tun Kinodom. Any attempt to boycott a section of the Sreit is sure to laad the aggressors into the itch— usually of their own digging. Last 6aturday Hr. Dobson nuppliid tbe Mer cury and Launceston Examiner with tbe manuscript of the speech he intended to deliver at Brighton. The Telegraph not being favored sent its man to the village of political corruption and, unfortunately for the member for Brighton, tbe speech he intended to deliver and tbo one lie de livered materially differed. He did not allow for the heckling he got, whiob evi dently impaired bis memory. A perusal of tbe report* of the three papers aflbrds amusement to repay the trouble. The Democratic Club got through a pilo of work last Monday night. The platform received its federation planks, also a most comprehensive motion on the nnemployec question was carried. The secretary and president were urged to pusn on matter* relating to the conference of Tasnianian Demucrate. On Thursday nigbt some of the members visited Qneenborongh at the invitation of the Queenborough Literary and Debating Society, and exchanged views on the Federation question. On Monday night a strong meeting is required and members should roll np as electioneering hnsineae will be brought forward amongst other very important matter. Tbe place of meeting will be at The Clipper office. Tlit old party politicians «f the Braddon FyBh-Dobion type continue to stump the country, talking Federation. The result totaU words worda words, nothing but high sonnding words, conveying little meaning, it is about time that a man of tbc people should spring up and drag Federation down ontaf tbe air, and give it rott in the hearts of the people. The Democratic Club bad better ejerf itself and discover such a man. An effort will bemadelto induce a leading man of the New South Wales or Victorian Labor Party to come over and help tbe Tasnianian Democrats forthe general elec tions. The ' cry from Macedonia ' will bo eager)y answered, Premier Reid strikes a note of warning. He believed that every additional tio which united free and independent peoplo might become the source of increased danger in case of friction. Georirsy also tbinlm small potatoes of Chamberlain's Imporial Ztllve rein. Last Saturday, at Brighton, Mr. Henry Dobfon delivered a very interesting speech upon fedefotion, in which he attempted to show bow Tasmania would be benefitted by intercolonial freetrade. Although well primed with agricultural statistics, tb--y were not altogether of the most reliable kind, and as a result he failed to impress his audience as he desired, for be woe com mended to go farming for a while. It was not very reassuring that be know what bo was talking abont when be replied that bo had done en and lost £2000. Evidently he ba« a lot to learu before passing as an infal lible doctrinal oracle. The chairman (Mr. Picsse.) finally said that he thought tbe speaker had made a mistake in the mutter of wheat, inasmuch as be had Boon it landed here and all duties paid at Is. Id. per bUfhel. An ednoated . population ia r«olf-reliaut md independent. Tasmania™ are the worst educated people of tbe Australian group. The New South Wales chief Railway omnuuipner estimate! that in re-grading he railway lines and reducing the curves he can so expend £100,000 as to iwnre an 8 per cent, return to tlio public. Mr. Back might with. a-- vantaga direct his attention lo the Main Line's curves end grades, thus laving money, and at the same time giving work to the unemployed. A bill to enforce compulsory arbitration n trade disputes is being oonmdered by the Reid Cabinet, but no decision has vet been -rriv»d at. Tbe coal strike will hasten matters up. Tbe Sydney Water and Sewerage Board wants the powor to put in bailiffs and sell np the rate defaulter, instead of eneing through the courts. Everything is mildewy with old age in Tasmania, and amongst other things the right of. the people to nse the BtranR»ra' gallery in the llouso of Assembly. In order to gain admittance on a busy night it is ab solutely necessary to buttonhole a member for a pass, and even on dull nights the ticket formula is rigidly upheld, unlern the attendant choosoB to save tune by setting aside red tapeisra. The effect of the rule is that whenever it is worth while running the risk of being bored in anticipation of teeing or bearing uornetliing lively the same privi leged crowd of ticket buttonbolers are lo be seen occupying every nvnilable tent, and its a counequonco tbe gensral crowd who pnt tbe moinliers there arc shut out. As the rule tonds to increase tlit sizonnd impor tance of the members little may b ? cxp-cted in the matter of reform. Sorell praying for o man to oppose I!- o Rev, Wool-p-nougb. who is another bright specimen of tbe clerical politician. All patter-patter. - Lord Itoncbrry do™ not t'uink tlint tlie Liberal l'arty, b.'canpe it is npposod to tlio Drosont functions and powrnftlip ITo'ise of Lord*, is necosi-arily tndelmr its'lf from the creation of porr;iget-. ' W1' sliould remnvo a great inducement from our cuntml nnd shonld at the tnine time deprive ourselves of the method of rewarding rupi- nrtQr« in » way which I I rust will oltvny* continue honorable,' remarks the gilded r. form agi tator, and ' As regard* receiving one fxr thing of corrupt consideration for those peerages I declare on iny bouor as n g.Mitlo roan that it is a scandalous lie.' Putty, varnish, and dryers. A cycling novice made liis ilebut in the Domain at brrnik o' day. Settling down to learn to mount bin ft;-fd he was paralysed by fright. It might have been tlie harsh dry cockling of demons, --r it might bave boen Uuv. Gormanston snoring. It was an awful awesome nois«. yet it was only the frolicsome laughtrr of two old sun bonnet ten who liad been dossiup out. The; at once volunteered to assist the youth to mount, and the offer being accepted, in order to tbo better steadying tbe front wbcel. one of the ladies assayed to put a ' trilby ' between the spokes. Finally the rider wobbled away on to tbo main rood and was laid out by one of a flock of travelling sheep. Again getting ' going ,' ho tried to eteer between the enrb and somo newly spread road metal, bnt found himself sketched in the gutter. Pluckily making another attempt he managed to reach home, bnt having no experience of dismounting, other than falling off, ho allowed hirasol to go : and gathering himself together all but the bark of his nose, weight, howevar, bring made up by gravel, he adjourned biking for breakfast. Then he rodo d»wn tn business, and managing to scramble off. he staggered into the eliop and collapsed upon the floor into a dead faint. His beartlesB chums say that if he had only exhibited horse sense and beat off the old dossers and their blandishments ha wonld have got on all right. There in a milkman here who, in eon Bequence of a. little indiscriminate scat tering of hia affections in a manner eo conservative that even BTobart morality considers it a little off, hue lost a deal o e«od custom. He apent many -juiet yean of wedded life until the ' silver threxda among the «old ' began to he palpably apparent, when yearning for *e company of yeungftnd lovely woman he lent for his niece fiom Bneland; She came, and now he has engaged a doctor an(j a ? .IT Hia wife dare not say anythiner because he holds the cash. So hie customers have thinned out, thoy not beine it ia said of nuch a strong con servative turn of mind. He who had braved death so often still lauehed now that the end had eome. He laid his hand upon the doc tor's pulae and remarked, ' Fifty de grees below zero.' Hia last act was to squeeze Tom Fitzgerald's hand and say, with his eyes, 'Good-bye.' No rib was broken, no scratch was upon Peart s ?kin. But across the abdomen there was a bine-black band nearly two inches wide, and a blne-hlack circle on either aide. The fatal dive wan *Bffc. into 8ft, of water, the tank bein* 8ft. long by 6ft, wide. It was a mere nettling to a man who had dived 22Tft. from Tower Bridtre, after |hi« rival Fuller, had been killed attempting the same fete. One curious fact is that Peart, on coming to Sydney this time, was to have stayed at a pri vate house. But at the last moment he changed hia mind and went to a hotel where twelve of the circus people were already staying, So Peart, the fatalist, was thirteenth man.— Bullbtin. Db. Makeshift flourished with some immensity in the front row at the Eoyal the other evening with two sweet middle aired married things. What iB there about the fascinator which commands at onoe the favors of the fair, which money cannot bny P Mr. Sam Horden, of Sydney, i« one of Sydney's most worthy citizens. He is on deck in every impoitant local movement, and his last, in to donate £ 1 10 to the Royal Agricultural Socioty of New South Wales, to be distributed as prizes in the horse section at the next exhibition During a recent big strike in Para guay there were five murders oommitted in one day, and out of the number the authorities only cauriit one murderer. When proved guilty he was asked which he would do — gotogaolo;:becomea police man. You can bet.he became a cosher man. Some jocularly-inclined boys set up a mangel wurtzel hollowed out with a candle inside to imitate a ghost for the edification of a brave Civil servant. He captured the vegetable, but alas fov his valor, that ehost came out npain in Pitzroy Place and escaped. Mr. Leslie B. Bex, solicitor, elsewhere ad vertises his card. 