[?] mTOTJATJ By the Author of ' Clare's Betrayal,' ' M onote Fate,' ' Lovers Three,' \- ' Cinderella,' &c.; CHAPTER IV. A vague thought struck him that thirty-five is not such a patriarchal age to adviso and guide eighteen platonically, but ho put that thought into the, further most; recesses of his mind. ' While mother and I have been vege tating quietly; in Cookham you have been having adventures over all the world,' she said, thoughtfully. ; ' Haven't you any thrilling storied to tell me — tales uuuub wgura ui auipmeuna t x iuvc creepy, gruesome things, that make your hair bristle.' ' I'm afraid my tales aren't of that order. In my only; tiger story, I slew the 'tiger, it -is true,, but it was by means of strychnine injected |in a dead cow ; and my only shipwreck was once when I steered my yacht on to a sandbank off Deal, and we had. to- be iguominiously towed off by a steam 'tug that was bring ing some collier into harbor.' ' Ah ! that is the nineteenth century all over-; .oil the romance taken out of things by chemicals and steam,' said Madge. ' And haven't you any other tales that might thrill me— ghosts haunt ing ruined Hindoo temples, treasures hidden in the Mutiny, or lovely dark eyes gleaming down from ?? closed lat tices,?'^ - %. ?...'? v .*;,:- ' I'm' afraid not. My' experiences uaio uodu voijr buwuivu^iuMOt ' I have always been so interested in India, because I was born there, I sup pose. Aren't some of the Hindoo women very lovely ?' .??,-. ' Yon forget all the high-caste ones are kept carefully shut up from profane eyes ' ?'jjBut the half-castes — 'they arc beauti ful, aren't ' they ?' pursued Madge, who liked to go into a subject thorough ly. * ' Oh; yes, they are beautiful enough in a' hateful sort of way,' said Major Forbes, with an almost savage bitterness in his voice — ' that is, when they are young.1 Afterwards they are a fine moral lesson on the axiom that beauty is only skin deep.' Madge looked up at him, struck by his tones.' 'His sunburnt skin was flushed, and his lips were set hard. 'You seem to dislike them,' she said. 'There ie no woman half so fresh and sweet as a young English-woman; and. thank goodness she knows how to grow old glacefully.' - ' I hate to think of getting old — to feel one's joints getting stiffer, one's eyes dimmer, one's joys fainter.' said Madge. 'But then,, I suppose there are com-, pensations. An old woman doesn't want to go to dances and junketings any more' than you;;;w^nt the dolls and sweets that amused you 'ten years ago,' said Cyril sententiously. ' Hem !' said Madge, with her pretty little air of disbelief. ?' But I ani very fond of sweets still, if you please, and there are some old women who love going about as much as any young ones. Why, do you)' supppsp. that when Lady Lascelles is eighty she ; will be content to sit in the corner, with a shawl over ner shoulders, and knit stockings for the poor V' , . ?.:.,.:?..'?.?. 41 Perhaps not ; but you must remem ber one thing too, that old people don't feel sorrows as keenly as young ones.' J.U lact, yon grow iuio a sort oi tortoise! Why, that is the worst of all,' said Madge, scornfully. ' Well, hero we are, nearly at the top of the' knoll.' She bent her supple figure, and in a fow minutes was standing at the top, laughing back at him. The wind blew off her hat,and then, one by one, the soft coils gave way undor its stress, and when Major Forbes joined her, long dusky tresses wore waving round her like some glorious living cloak. ' Look ! over there you can see the river,' she said, pointing to a silvery blue streak. 'I wonder why one always looks' towards water 7 ' * A lock of hair blew towards Cyril, and for a minute lay across his face like a soft caress. He felt a strange warm thrill at the tpuoh.' '.Oh ! my tiresome hair,' said Madge, impatiently, brushing it back. Smiling out of tbo cloud of hair, sho looked nothing but a child. Suddenly her radiant glance fell. '? Oh, what is the time 1 I had quite forgotten * about luncheon,' she snid in dismay. ,??...?? ' A quarter to two,' said he, holding out his watch. -? ' Then we must fly. Come, come ' — and she had turned and was running down the little hill, the dark cloud of hair streaming behind her. ' atop ; scop, Aiamuui j saiu major Forbes, hurrying after her. ' Remem ber I am, not so young as you are.' ' Never' mind, it will do1 you good,' she said, smiling, and she did hot relax her speed until they were in sight of the windows, when she slunk meekly round by a back way, and joined him in the hall in a few1 minutes, her hair oncomoro neatly coiled, though her ' breath still caino a little quickly, and her checks were stained a soft pink, making hor mora beautiful than ever. . ; : ?? ' This comes of being cheerful. 1 told you I should do something wrong,' she said as they entered the room, and the remarks of Mrs. Groysione about the unpardonable sin of unpunctuality were not pleasant to hear. CHAPTER V. It bad been drizzling all day ; but at tho close of the afternoon a sharp wind tore tho sullen grey clouds)' asunder, and though the. lanes were deep in raud, and (be drops Bt ill clung' to every leaf and bough, Madge was glad -o get out Somehow she had an unhappy knack of irritating her mother on wet days, for that lady's nerves were very delicately strung, and to-day in particular, every thing she did seemed to be wrong. So in her neat' strong boots and serge skirt she trudged cheerfully along, to meet, at a sudden turn of the lane, Major Forbes. (To be Continued.') 