iBORJJERS GF ANOTHER WORLD. Br ROBERT BUCHANAN, ir of "God and the Man." " The Shadow of the Sword," &e.; CHAPTER L ' As the tscaffold crashed under my feet, as roaring u a i tumultuous ocean ^.'.covering and submerging me; the moment Utfiei" . • , Havingtead thus far,, Redbrook somewhat pale; and, simultaneously, the bells -f tto-««^bouring Church rang out injuhitaw^r-for it' waa Christmas morning. He loked up—listening. " Peace on earth, good, jfl to inenl" iaHg out the bells. If he heard . atall, it waa only as if in a dream; his oonghte were evidently far away. light crept in through the window of the jdcb^ jiiid shone full upon his powerful jqjjfirea, with their eyeballs somewhat sunken . wdftarnoaj eocfcets.' A hard, weatherbeaten ;-*»fii4SV jet with flying gleams of humour round "'* ""- isdgfts of'the hps. Handsome, too, and I young; though the flair and beard showed [ggling gleamiof grey. - jv^ .iVitli ali impatient gesture, he passed his liaMpflovarlus eyes, and then; bending over the * lanuaoript, wad .on. It was a rdugb scrawl, Xwiwly written as to be exceedingly difficult btrt, oleariy. it possessed some nnnsual As he read, he seemed to be held in i-.'Seread on to the end; and then, .u.^, backtoth* beginning, read on to the eni_ gSgjBn. .. . Y" "Peace on earth, goodwill to " aen!" nog' the bells. \- - The skeleton of a marmoset, standing on the haatdpuoe side by side with the skeleton of a mm an .foetus preserved in- spirits of wine, eeemedto be gravely regarding itself in the toirror, .. All round ware-shelves covered with jMttlttand phials used in a country doctor's i^V^ensary. The room, indeed, was half dispensary—or surgery—and half study; for inpue corner wasa small, Well- filled bookcase. •Albright fire burned in the grate. Outside, tbejsnow wBS thickly falling. Bed brook sat at his bureau, facing the window. From that position he could aee the ny iralls of Fordmouth Prison, looming ythrough the falling flakes. ; Nervously. almost impatiently, he threw the ymanuacnpt' down, rose, and began pacing up and down the ahamber.. jS i fetrwjge business!" he reflected. K^'Miat is .jnost strange of all is the man's j-^. jrantfonnation! His tale, such as it is, one ^Piniiy^ «aiealy'refer to diseased cerebration, loaded by the horrible shock of that frightful it is not so easy to understand the .tionofthe devilish instinct within ::^;-;Pe*Msed the manuscript again, and read— V3bemoment aflet" i-X^^Bwi* Son earth/good will to"men!"'rang *twkttebells. .Glancing sidelong towards the aw a slight dark figure moving igh the snow, in die direction of . andrecQgnised the Rev. Charles tite prison chaplain, a pale, spare, ragman, more resembling a priest Soman-Ohuroh than an English clergy- QnMtly, "swiftly, with bead erect, .weU tnovBd throdgk the whiteness of the JOonfound the felio w f muttered Redbrook. •hannte the place like a ghost, with as iaaoent for hpnian misery as a vulture, has , O^mon. ! I wonder what he has to say to .-ibis nfeEtokre?" - spoke the chaplain approached the gates, and -vanished within them. ^ykl^QiarWill-simr do!" oried the doctor, • looking »t his watch. "I must be off upon J and see if a little Bunshine and _ " ' win pat my nerves in order. Wipetttitioas as sn old woman. \- . . „ . opened sstreet door. As be did so he found himself ' to iaoe with one of the warders from the ^whoskluted him in military fashion, «.ou»ie wanted at once, doctor. ; wrong again in the«ondamned r ' [ ; chapter n. -In themonth of September, 18 , five "'" s before Dr. Redbrook perused the curious guoted from in my opening I shop was opened in one of the bw streets running at right angles from jportof"±ordmouth. Tni •s one of ill-repute, the street itself idiljgieet -sod. dreariest in an Hi-smelling ' ' amphibious quarter, and the shop one of ly aiound it devoted to the sale of marine jualnra* nJnthitig, Black and yellow J - dingy suits of , all sixes, sou'- ots wore hung in the rirrow j of the some kind, vac'd with , were heaped !" benind the Sotoain and jetsam of eveiy iaok-fcmsBS and squeejees up to a 1 ^vpoden female bust,- which looked y^witkein-'ndeed heathen idol, but had once ""' 'figurehead of a foreign r. _«. dobr were painted in rough itte'watds • - " ' "HA.DBIZIO MODBNA, 3fin)BKSAia> Gcraui DEALER, tbe bouoter whien the shop opened ~ I the figure of Msurizio Modena uint, with jet black hair and '.lips,;and -a' complexion of ^ . l ietokened, he was an Italian, Ijrid^tS^ •qftmplgHon and features, -combined • mirtain 'dead far-off expression *in his ' ne SUdc «yes, showed him to be of Jewish How hehad drifted thither, when he "aained to fight for life in that what bis antecedents were and i hadsayed the sum of money necesr tq:stait ;hitt in that miserable business, > ae«med to know, and still fewer to iMILaimpeared suddenly, like a spider in fa web, and waited as it were for ^t'the few people wbo ventured into the Whether neighbours attracted by curiosity atedoustomersof amphibious breed, found k» geai^e* inoffensive man, who spoke very ndish, but managed with a certain i«aoe( > of manner to make himself underlage was midway between thirty "Siaai ^.tod lortj; though sometimes he looked much let. . He had a'high, narrow, not uninteltnalforeihead, .wore a blade moustache and ^ A board Teachingtohis bosom, and had thin, _ - • , wax-like hands. re he had been many months in that viomtyit was well known to his neighbours ,, that he added to Jiis shrewdness in bargaining patient devotion to the petty details of his ' ie' a certain empirical skill in preparing gs which men ana "women of the nautical ir found "mysteriously effective. As this "of l)is business was illegal, and with the interests of authoists and practitioners, it was con- • —u some secrecy, but was neverthe- " .teesa souroe of no little profit and a great deal reputation. The result was that in the „; p0inse ; of a couple of years Modena had fr y,'acquired a TOry considerable sum of money fWbat.be did with it, whether he made it the •^isiB.of other investments, or suffered it to r aecnmulate at some Bank at ordinery interest, ; "S'lras a .mystery, like eveiy thing else conoernbut the popular idea was that the " : l tiiapeyi- - was hidden away somewhere in a ' hMmteriona back-parlour, where the Italian ate 'firis frugal meals and slept. Still, though vctesperate "ohara^teis swarmed on every side, ^ no Attempt was ever made to rob Modena of ' 'Izis'tiidden treasure. There was something in ; 'liis manner, despite all. its gentleness and \- - eqaaninuty, which convinced oven desperadoes "•that to lay violent hands on his possessions ! 'would be a bsdeful business. \- '^asre was another source of profit in ad- •v dition to those which I have mentioned, and <me whicH was also, to a certain extent, illegal. From time to time, when the occasion .xifiered, Modena advanced small sums of ;:~tnoney on portable property or approved v Secniaty. Many' a wild mariner, having spent • ' . 'sil.his savings in the grog-shop and parted '' -V xwith everything he possessed, reverted to the ' little shop to get an advance on the papers he • /-had signedfor the next voyage. Not few of '£uch loans turned out badly, those who in- , 'corred them vanishing into space, and never zetoraing, but others yielded in the long run an enormous interest. A particular transaction \- of ibis kind has now to be recorded, as it led . directly to the tragedy which is the business of .. Ibis narrative, and the consequences of which • were, from whatever point of view they >'-" may be regarded, in the highest degree extra- ,v o n f i n a t y . . \- '" Sate one evening Maurizio Modena sat reading^beUnd the counter by the light of a -• fiatning jet of gas, which flickered and biased in the wind sweeping through the open door. . The street was noisy -With the voices of men and women coming and going, and from time to time there was the sound of a man's fierce -oath aiid a woman's shriek. Undisturbed by •". sounds long familiar, the Italian pored over bis book—an old volume in mediaeval Latin . • . dealing with the qualities and uses of common herbs. Bo intent was he in the perusal that lie did not notice the entrance of a customer, «nf-"' til,' ' raising — ' ' his - eyes quietly, • J - 1 he - — saw - -a j weather-beaten face looking down at him—the face of a young man clad in a sailor's jersev, loose breeches, and boots reaching to tfie knee. - j Good evening, mate," said the sailor, nodding. "Good evening, irignor," said Modena, . quietly closing hiB book. While scarely seeming to look at the new comer, he took in at one glance every detail of his appearance— the young and handsome face disfigured somewhat by days and nights of dissipation, the 'l^ht beard and moustache tangiea and un- . jbxrahsd, the cough flowing hair without any hat for covering; the saucy mouth bruised and swollen by a recent blow, marks on the bare neck and breast as of a woman's finger-nails, and, in addition to all these physical signs, a general recklessness of demeanour suggestive of semi-intoxication, and a disposition, in beginning the conversation, to touch with trembling fingers the handle of the sailors knife thrust through his leathern belt. Modena rose and waited, surveying the sailor through long, half-closed lashes. " Well, mate," said the 1 young man with a nervous scowl, " it ain't no use beating about the bush. I want some brass, and Fve got to have it. that's about it. We don't sail for a week, and Fm cleared out, old man!" The Italian smiled. " Ah. you are of the sea. Ailro! You have a ship?" "Nomistake," was the reply.* "The Matamora down there, unloading, and she's going back in ballast to Brazil. My name's PhU Barton, from Sandford, and them's my articles for next voyage out and home." He drew the papers from his guernsey, and threw them on the counter. Modena took them np and glanced over them, then handing them back to the owner he said gently— " Pardon, but I do not understand. What is it you wishjne to dot" *'Oh, stow that, mate," cried the sailor, striking the counter with his clenched fist. "We know all about it! What d'ye take me for? So-ne beachcomber, eh? Didn't you vittle Billy Somers when he was last in port, and take nothing for it but Billy's IOU?" " And he did repay me," returned Modena, shrugging his shoulders, "by never coming back to land!" "Washedoverboard," said the sailor, nodding. "So I did lose my monev—AUro! Come into my parlour, and I will talk to you." So saying, he led the way into the room behind the shop—a /Jingy den, lighted_ by a swinging ship's lamp and containing, besides a truckle bed, more flotsam and jetsam of the sea. On the mantelpiece were several uglylooking bottles, with Latin labels, and a number of yellow, worm-eaten books. The sailor followed him, and, closing the door, placed his back against it, and stood surveying the apartment. There was a curious look on his face, as his eyes turned hither and thither, in search, no doubt, of the mysterious box which was popularly supposed to contain the Italian's treasure. " You want money?" said Modena. " And vat for do you want money? Ah, yes, I know —to spend!—on de grog-shop, on de ladies! I know, I know—it would go like de rest, and then" He shrugged his shoulders, and took from the chimney-piece an old metal tobacco-box, which he opened, showing a glimpse of several gold pieces mixed up with silver. The sailor's eyes glittered— "How much'yoA want?" asked Modena, looking at him with his keen eyes halfshadowed by his heavy brows. " Two quid," returned Barton. Quid? ah yes! Two pounds. There will be interest V I know." said the sailor, with a drunken laugh. "You ain't the first landshark I've met." Modena restored the box to its place, fished out from some dark corner of the room an inkbottle, a pen, and a half-sheet of dirty paper, and wrote out a form in a not unclerkly hand. " Put your name there." He indicated the spot with a long waxen forefinger. The sailor, handling the pen as if it had equalled a hedgestake in size and weight, scrawled a clumsy mercy of the purport of the document. Modena took the two gold pieces from the box and gave them to him. He shook them in his fist with a drunken motion of triumph. Come out and wet your whistle, old man," he said, when he found himself in the outer shop. "Eh?" He did not wait for an answer, nor heed the Italian's excusatory shrug, but suddenly stumbled a step or two forward, and with his hands to his mouth gave a call which made the rafters ring. " Kitty! Ahoy!" A female figure, which had a second before flitted past the shop door, returned and stood for a minute at the threshold. The light within the shop fell on her face and figure, and lit them up in strong relief against the darkness of the squalid street. She was tall and fully built, black-eyed and black-browed, and as she peered into the shop she stood poised in an attitude of stolid and unconscious grace such as women who pass their lives in free exercise of the l'mbs in the open air can naturally assume. She obviously belonged to the same class <&s; her drunken acquaintance; her dress was poor, her face tenned with sun and wind, but she was undeniably handsome, and something like a native refinement, of which he showed no trace, was visible in her aspect. "All right," cried Barton. "Lie-to a bit; I've got the brass. Come out and have a gill with me and Kitty," he continued, turning to the Italian. _ < The latter, with his eyes on the girl, shook his head. " There's no.lucik in dry bargains, and if you won't go to the liquor, by , the liquor shall come to you. Here, Eitty! go to the Dragon, and get us some of the right stuff." Why should I run your errands?" asked the girl. "Why?" echoed Barton. "Why?" For a moment he seemed on the verge of brutality in word or act, but went on with a sudden change of manner. " Because you're the right sort, and because it's me asks you. Here y sre." , He thrust the coin into the girl's hand, and after a scarcely perceptible hesitation she went. "What d'ye think o' that for a donna?" Barton asked of Modena, and began to maunder a verse of a sailor's song in praise of a namesake of the girl's. "Now, then, old lantern jaws," he resumed, as the girl reentered with a flask of rum, "where's your manners? I find the liquor^ou find something to sit down on." Habituated to the eccentricities of his clients Modena silently led the way to the back room, standing aside with southern courtesy to allow his guests precedence of entry. Barton staggered in with his lips to the bottle, and bestowed himself on the bed. Kitty, invited thereto by a wave of Mod na's band, took the only chair. Modena remained standing. "Sup, my lass," said Barton, handing the bottle to the girl. She shook her head with a little moue of repulsion, and handed it to Modena. ' More o' your tricks," said Barton. ' You'd think as she'd never heard the name of rum, wouldn't you, and she can take her whack along of anybody. Want to catch this old figurehead, eh, my lady? Rum ain't good enough for you." He laughed with drunken sarcasm, theu, rising in sudden anger, snatched the bottle from the Italian and presented it anew to the girL " Drink, ye baggage, when I tell you!" His manner was so threatening that Modena, ling between them, laid a hand upon his der. The touch was not a heavy one, but it overwhelmed him, and he fell back upon the bed. He struggled up, purple in the face, but with his brief anger cfuite forgotten, and began a wandering encomium of Modena,, whom he declared to be his only friend thirty seconds before he challenged him to fight. This offer being silently refused, he drank confusion to all cowardly landlubberi, and then becoming . amorous called to Kitty to come and sit upon his knee. That invitation meeting no response, he sulkily betook himself .to the bottle, and after an interval of inarticulate, maundering, varied by alternate oaths and laughter, fell into a sodden sleep. "Sleep do him good," said Modena to the girL Ee felt a curious longing to hear her voice again. "You. know him? Friend of yours?" " He is my cousin," said Kitty. " He goes away next week." "You live here?" asked Modena. "No, I live at Morton, three miles out yonder." "Morton; yes, I know. I have walked there; Sunday. Very pretty." " It's very dull," said the girl, with a shrug. "I'd rather live here .in the town. There's something to keep ypu alive here, with the ships, and the sailors, and the people in the streets. This is a funny place, she added, looking round the room. "Have you lived here long?" "One year." " You're not an Englishman?" "No, I come from Napoli, what YOU call Naples." "Naples?" repeated the girl. "Where's that? In France?" "No, in Italy. You, Signorina, you have not the air—how you say it?—look not like English. No, Italian?" "Are the Italian girls pretty?" She asked the question with a little coquettish smile, revealing a sudden glimpse of sparkling teeth. "Altro!" said Modena, with a smile as sudden and bright as her own, which so changed his sombre face as to leave it scarcely recos7iisable. " Then I suppose youH be going back there soon?" with the smile yet lingering demurely about her mouth. "No," he answered. "Not go back, stay here. Italy," he said, 6lowly picking his way through this longer sentence, "not the only country where live the pretty women." It was said with that native and subtle grace which the poorest-bred Italian shares with his | countrymen of all grades, and which makes him show so well beside the vulgar of other nations. And then, Modena -was not vulgar, even for a poor Italian. The girl began to think him a very handsome and agreeable "And so," he said, "you live at Morton?" "Yes, our cottage is just beyond the Church. There's the ribs of an old boat sticking up in the sand, close by." She gave this information in the most simple and natural fashion in the world. " I must be going, it's getting late. What about him?" she asked, pointing to where Phil Barton lay slumbering. "Sleep good for him. Wake by-and-bv, and go. " " Good night," 6he said, extending her hand, after a purposed hesitation. Modena took it! and bending quickly, kissed it. She snatched it away with a little laugh, and ran out of the shop. He followed to the door, and stood looking down the dark and noisome street, long after her tall, lithe figure had disappeared from sight. CHAPTER III. It was some two months later, in the full heart of summer, when Maurizio Modena came outeariy one morning into the street, and, after carefully locking the door of his shuttered sbop and pocketing the key, walked briskly away. It was Sunday, and a certain atrnosphere of Sabbath calm had fallen on the town. Children, unwashed, unkempt, but happy, sprawled on the pavement under the eyes of their mothers, who sat knitting, mending nets, preparing vegetables for the family dinner, or engaged in other household tasks at their thresholds, While the men lounged against the door-jambs at their sides placidly smoking or talked in bands in the road way. Most ofttiem had a nod or word for the Italian as he stepped lightly along. He was smartly dressed in a new peajacket garnished with gilt buttons, a pair of spotless duck trousers, a blue checked flannel shirt, a flarine cravat of vivid scarlet, and an incongruous tall hat, carefully brushed. Fordmouth was not inclined to be finickingly critical on minor points of sartorial art, anS thought well of the general effect of Modena's appearance, as did the simple fellow himself. He had not hitherto been known as a dressy man, and the care he had suddenly displayed in his appearance had given rise to considerable discussion in the quarter. Its general reason was obvious enough, but what Modena's neighbours wanted to know, and were not long in discovering, was the identity of the l2dy whose charms had converted the shabbily dressed foreign recluse into a kind of local Beau Brummel. It was noticeable that the improvement in Modena's appearance was almost purelv one of dress. If nis face had changed at aliQ it was even more sombre than it had been two months eariier, before the radiant vision of Catherine Merrick had suddenly dawned on the dingy horizon of the poor street in which tie dwelt. His great black eyes had an added wistfulness, his cheeks were gaunt and pallid as of old, the momentary smue with which he answered the salutations of his neighbours seemed a purely mechanical muscular effort. He walked with a certain feverish quickness of step, as if in haste to get out of the town, and away, from the curious glances which he felt around him, even when he did not see them. " He looks as if he was going to bury the gal instead of to court her," remarked one old salt, clad in a shining armour of fish scales. "Better for him if he was, p'raps," said his wife. "That's a bitter word, miss," said the old man. " What's the matter with the gai? She's comely enough, fcnd strung enough, and healthv enough." " Ah! there's more things than strength and comeliness," returned the woman, who was better dowered with the former quality than with the latter. " She's over thick with that drinking lazy ne'er-do-well as went to Brazil the other day, and more of his. sort, for my fancy, if I was a man and wanted a wife." "I don't know as there's much harm in Phil Bartoa, tho' he's a bit too fond of the liquor, maybe. And he's her cousin, missis." "Ah!" 6aid the woman again, and for the moment said no more. " He's fur enough iaway by this time," said the husband, "and getting further every minute." " The further the better. JBut .hell come back some day." _ " Well, the girl will be safe married by that time," said the old man, who was of a hopeful and optimistic turn of mind. "Let's hope it'll mend her ways," said the woman in none too hopeful a tone. "It's better to trip going up the Church steps than coming down 'em, I've heard people say." This brief conversation may be taken as giving the gist of a dozen others of like import held between Modena's neighbours on that and many previous Sunday mornings as he had passed along the straggling street leading out of the little seaport. A man less reserved could hardly have failed to learn more than he knew of the public opinion on his promised bride, and of the opinions of his neighbours regarding his chances of happiness in his wedded life. Whether such a knowledge would have stirred him one hair's breadth from the path in which he had elected to walk, except to take such vengeance as he might upon the slanderers of the woman he loved, is more than doubtful. The rapid pace at which he left the town, his obvious desire to avoid all communication with his • neighbours, had no such meaning as tbey read in them. Had he known their suspicions of Catherine he would have fiercely resented them, but he neither knew nor cared to know what any living creature thought of her. He was by nature undemonstrative, and years of solitude had made him awkward in all dealings with his fellow-men but those which resulted in shillings and pence. He shrank from the free chaff which i« as liberally bestowed in Fordmouth as else- where upon the man who goes a-courting; his love was a thing too sacred, too apart from any other influence that had touched his hard life to be gossiped over with the men and women among whom he lived, but with whom he had little enough in common in most respects. He passed the docks, where the ships and barges lay idly rpeking on a faint swell, black against the flittering expanse of water, and came upon a long reach of empty sand, beyond which the spire of a Church announced to those who knew the local landmarks the locality of the village of Morton. He stuck to the shore line, niaking something of a detour to avoid the village, and having passed it, came in sight of the ribs of the old wreck, which had been his landmark whereby to find Catherine's cottage on his first visit there, nearly two months before. The cottage stood a little beyond a stones throw from the Church, which stood slightly on the hitherside of the cluster of houses forming the village, and just beyond the sand. Modena entered the church, and within the porch came upon Catherine, standing beside the heavy oaken settle, on which sat an elderly woman, her mother, with a crutch between her knees. Catherine was dressed in white, and even in the eyes of a man not in love with her would have looked beautiful. An expressible " Ah!" <5f admiration came from Modena's lips, and his eyes glanced with a sudden tenderness. The girl flushed a little at the simplicity of bis pleasure, and submitted to his embrace, repulsing him afterwards with a little smile of warning and a backward turn of her eyes towards the Church. He kissed the old woman too, with less rapture, but with some affection and more respect, took fcer crutch, and supported her into the building and up to the altar steps. A minute later the clergyman and the clerk appeared from the vestry, and in ten minutes Maurizio Modena and Catherine Merrick were man and wife. They passed from the Church to the cottage in a silence broken only by the subdued sobbing of the elder woman, which Modena ieard with manv pitying shrugs and appealing glances at hi3 bride, who seamed not to notice it. At last, when Mrs. Merrick was settled in her armchair by the cottage window, and Catherine had retired to change her wedding dress the Italian tried to console her. " Ma madrc, it is but for* two days we go away. Then we come back to Fordmouth, and Catherine shall visit you to often as you will." His English had become more fluent, though he still spoke with a strong accent. "And you shall not be alone. I have spoke to the little girl; she come to-night; she come all the days, cook, wash for you. I pay her." "Bless you," said the old lady, who seemed naturally a cheerful body enough, "it ain't that as I'm crying for. I know as my gal's got a good Husband, though you be a foreigner, and it's a lovely weddinggown as you've given her, and you've sent a duck for dinner, and give me • this new gown and bonnet, and you're going to pay the little gal to look after me. I know all that, but Lord bless you, I always did cry at weddin's, and it's only natural to cry when your daughter's married." "In Italy, no. We dance, we sing. We are what you call jolly." "I thought it was a heathenish kind of place," said Mrs. Merrick. " But you're a company young gal. She was always wishing she could go and live in the town, and I didn't like her going there so often, but that be all right now she's got a husband. Don't let her have her own way too much. It's always bad for young married women, especially when they're as pretty as Kitty is, and she's been a bit sp'iled with being looked at and talked about." "She is here," said Modena, as the girl came back. Her lover's generosity was obvious in the dress by which she had replaced the wedding gown, and in the jet earrings and necklace she wore. Modena's eyes, their habitual glitter softened by a wistful content, followed ner every motion. 