FIFTH LECTURE ON HE PRIMACY OF THE ROHAN PONTIFF. BT THE MOST REV. DR. CARR, Archbishop OF Melboobne. Last Sunday evening, when the Archbishop of Melbourne delivered his fifth lecture on tbe Primacy of the Roman Pontiff, the Cathedral was again densely crowded. The Archbishop began his lecture by sayiog that he had dealt with the proofs from Scripture in favour, of ; the v Roman Primacy on last SUn"" • jfe --' 1 '"' * proofs, particularly u ^Ss^SSS''^ cumuiaw force, appeared to hna p6 be most dear and convincing. %> ,- iion-$St was aware, they weri^Sdresee If tbose who had devotft attention to these texta o. a siacere desire to ascertain tEefFTBeaning, could nol agree even substantially about their sense, was it not evident, at least, that God never intended the Scriptures, as interpreted by the private judgment of each one, to be the sole rule of faith, or the appointed means of ascertaining the truths of revealed religion ? We have already dealt with the evi- dence of Scripture as witnessing both to the existence of Peter's Primacy and to its vigorous exercise during the lifetime of the Apostles. We have seen, too, as well from the plain and obvious meaning of the Scripture texts as from »he nature of the office and its relation to the whole Church, that the Primasy first given to Peter should continue in the Church for the purpose of maintaining its unity and indefeetibility. We now torn to the evidence for the existence and exercise of the Primacy in the government of the Church, from the death of the Apostles down to a period when, even on the admiesion of Protestants, the Roman pontiffs were universally recognised as the successors of St. Peter, and, by right of such succession, as exercieing a primacy of jurisdiction over the entire Church. As St. John lived till the close of the first century, and the Fourth General Council, which iB the last recognised by Anglicans, was held in 451, we shall confine our attention to the second, third, and fourth centhfies and to the first half of the fifth one. In dealing with those early ages two things are .to be borne in mind. The first is that the evidence of the early Fathers and General Councils is recognised by Anglicans, who, in common with Catholics, admit that the true faith was preserved in the Church in those primitive ages. The second is that, given the Primacy of Peter, tbe denial of that Primacy to Peter's successors is logically a repudiation of the whole sacramental and hierarchical system of tbe Church. We have not more direct Scriptural evidence for the permanence of Baptism or the Eucharist, for instance, after the Apostolic age than we have for the perpetuity of the Primacy. This may be seen at a glance by placing in parallel columns the texts which regard the Primacy on the one hand, and those which regard the sacraments and the hierarchy on the other. „ "TIiou -P" 3 art PIUJUCV. Peter, nnd HIERARCHY musts AXU SACJIAbniId Gol n e therefore, teach o/S? i b, S ndthegates a,! nations, baptising of Hell shall not prevail tliem. . . Behold I am against it. —Matt. XYL with you all days even to tbe consummation of the world. Here the provision made for the perpetmty of the Church through ber rock foundation, Peter, is to .be as lasting as will be tho divine assistance promised to the Apostles in the fulfilment of their teaching and pastoral duties. The one shall last as long as the gates of hell assail the Church-—that is, for ever; the other is promised for the same time— "to the consummation of. the world." ,,"£ will give to thee Receive -vc the Holv Ghost. WhofeW^ye-XS of Heaven. '—Matt. xvi. forgive, they are .for- given them. , Again, the texts in these parallel columns indicate powers which, as in the case of the Apostles, were admittedly not to be confined to them, but were to descend to their successors. So, also, in case of Peter weire not to die with him, but were to be transmitted to those who were to sit in his ehair. rTwr," y T I T bS i, feea Do tor a Commcmoration of »r»t? thou being con- Corinth, xi. erted, confirm thy brethren."—Lakeixli. - . ., : _ Looking at the words of these texts* there is no more reason for eaying |,hat the commemoration of ^Chfist'e action inii the institution of the Blessed Euehiulst was to be^ontinued after the iifetimeJot the Apostles 'thau ~ «Mr«*4b»" eommissiohbffeiciaug^ firming his bkettinoi should o{>n " ' Tbe powers referred to in the above paraUel texts were direetiy conferred in each ease!'on the individuals whom onr Lord addressed, and it is only from the subject matter and tbe circumstances, we know : tbat these powers and prerogatives, intended for tbe good of the Church, were to be perpetual. _ When we come to deal with tbe evidence in favour of the Roman Primacy, which meets us in the third, fourth, and fifth centuries, we shall find that in its frequency, strength, and clearness, it is simply overwhelming. . Bat we are now about to exsimine the documentary evidence which has come down to us from the second century, and Protestant writers fully admit that much of the patristic literature of this age of the Church has perished. Bishop Lightfoot tells that "the lost ecclesiastical ^^ ^® rature t^e second century must e fceen very con8iderabJe» And hfikpin lies the explanation of the'loud talk ^we hear of Rome's pretensions. Iging from the writings we have of .. fat century, we may safely conclude that if the rest had not perished, the second century literature would have supplied us with an irrefutable proof of t)ie Primacy. Still, however, we may hazard ihese two statements without the least misgiving. Wherever doctrines are referred to in tbe writings of the Fathers of the second century, those doctrines are emphatically Roman, and whenever there is mention of Rome in connection with doctrine or discipline, there is a recognition of the Primacy of the Bishop of Rome. A few of the writings of thst distant period _ have survived, and these few deal with such questions as had most practical bearing on the every-day life of the early Christians. We need not, therefore, expect lengthened or frequent references to the exercise of the Primacy. Whilst the Church wbb in the Catacombs it would be perilous to flaunt her claims to world-wide jurisdiction in the face of the Imperial power. We are to remember that this was a martyr age, and most of the great names that have oome down to us are of those whose testimony was written in their blood. Unless one were dealing with a question immediately concerning spiritual authority there would have been ao reason then, any more than now, for making special mention of it. And in this age there were fewer occasions for its exercise than in succeeding centuries, for the voice of the Apostles and of their immediate disciples was still echoing in he ears of the faithful. The evidence which comes to us from these early ages is derived principally from the writings of the Fathers, and from the Acts of Councils. In regard to the testimony of the Fathers, we must bear in mind that they may be consulted with much or with but little profit, according as we approaoh them with a desire to learn what they teach or to make them each what we desire. Cardinal 2te*3QBa, with a touching candour, tells us how for years he Read the writings of the Fathers without profit. " When," he says, " I first began to read their works With attention and on system I busied myself much in analysing them, and in catalogaing their dootrineB and principles; but, when I had thus proceeded very carefully sod minately for some space of time, I found, op looking back on what I had done, that I had scarcely done anything at all; IJound tbat I bad gained very little from them, and I came to tbe conelnsion that the FatberB I had been reading, wbieh were exclusively tbose of the ante-Nioene 1 period, had very little in them. . . . I had read them simply on Protestant ideas, analysed and catalogued them oh Protestant principles of division, and hunted for Protestant dootrines and nsages in them. . . . I sought what was not there: I laboured all ' On tbe otM^^^pgjiM&is; the feeling of «Cp«fiflus joy with wmoh/as a Catholic, bfr&ft; thii^i^^, iti ^eHest truth, bell Fathers. vVXd [twg^tie' writes, " what - an - - r/ee6BiiHj|b ; myself when I took dowfl troiiii6»^h«l veB of my library the -volumes of St. Athenasius or St. Basil, and set myself to' read thera ; and how, on theoontrary, when at length I was brought into Catholicism, I kissed thBm with delight, with a feeling that in them I bad more than all that Z had ImI, aid, as though I : were directljr,addres4nG; the glorious saints irho bequeathed S to the • Gburoh) 1 said to the inanimate ages, "Yon are now mbe, and I am ours without any mistake." With what Varying moods and results ' even the sameipeifsonmay eonsultthe testi- > OonnsctipnjPith tbe preseht odt^m of' e ^ ^ fe V i e m e m K i evidence"^ St :rep®as all sanotion of rf^he «,gwal Greek wasquoSS^S fnewith such r with their appropriate signs. But no sooner had I proved that the meaning attempted to be fastened on St. Irenens could not bear examination than a total the admittedly faithful Latin translation —in which we have St. Irenæus' writings enshrined—was denounced as the work of "a clumsy, unknown, and not very reliable translator," and the identical Greek word avthEVTIa, used at least three times by the saint where the Latin translation has principalitas, and preserved in the fragments of the original contained in the writings of Theodoret and others, is flippantly cast aside as It is a remarkable fact that the earliest uninspired document which has come down to us should be a Papal letter dating back to a period within thirty years of St. Peter's martyrdom, and enforcing even in the life-time of St. John the claim of the Roman See to a Primacy of jurisdiction. This' was the memorable letter of Pope St. Clements, which in a former lecture we have considered tin its several bearings, and which most eminent have seefa " autho: diatb Ignatii 104 or St. PolyS St. John,' critics, as we lions " and immewmiB St. early— . Like iple of succes Antioch, sion to St. Of his agreement with the doctrines taught by the Sovereign Pontiff now happily : reigning there cannot be the shadow of a doubt, for whenever he does refer to doctrine there is no room to question its unmistakably Roman.character. What has been-lately called the " harmless term" 'theorotOQ, which expresses 'the doctrine of Mary's divine maternity, represents to him the very foundatibn on which the whole Christian edifice is built. Ho does, not hesi tate to say that the blood of Christ is " the blood of God." He uses the very language which has been made a reproach to Catholics hysonae who have not realised the doctrine of the Incarnation, nor the testimony of Scripture and antiquity. He speaks of "the passion of God," and says, boldly and unambiguously, that it is " God who was conceived by Mary."* His great master, St. John, had. been actuary present at the Last Supper and Ignatius teaches that " the Eucharist is the flesh of our Saviour Jesus Christ, which suffered for our sakes, And which the Father in His goodness raised to Iife." So indisputably Roman is his teaching regarding the great Sacrament of the Altar that the well-known Protestant commentator, Meyer, cannot help admitting that " Ignatius, in opposition to the Docetae, undoubtedly states that in the Eucharist Christ's flesh, and blood are given, and that in a real manner."}; It will help you to realise the difficulties in the way of Catholic controversialists if you remember that St. Ignatius, on the strength of this very passage I have quoted, is claimed as opposed to the Catholic doctrine of the Eucharist. St. Ignatius wrote seven epistles, six of which he addressed to various Churches. These epistles were written by him as he was on-his way to be thrown to the wild beasts in the Colosseum at Rome. They are pastoral rather than dogmatical, and each one of them would occupy about a couple of -columns in a news paper. While 'he has words of eulogy and affection for the other five Churches which he addresses, yet, when he comes to address the Church of Rome, his heart overflows' with emotion. . She is "the beloved and enlightened in the will of 'Him who 'has willed all things which are , according to the charity of ,Jesus Christ our God^' whose people are "united to every command of His in flesh and spirit, filled undividedly with the. grace of Gfd.*,': She is " worthy of God, and of all hononr and. blessing and praise, worthy to receive that which Bhe wwhes dhast6, bearing the name of Christ/ and'^ot&e; father." Moreover^ -with a ; single exception; each of these epistles is. addressed ^to fee Church w£Uh is. , at". suet , a place (eififXijoiif. rvemo «0 is the epistlei;&ddresBpd; " to the Church which presides in the place of theregibn of the Romans'( tKKVijota. t)ric irpo it> TiTrrt xvftfov Pti)fia( This^^uiMiatopellatioiibf the Boman Chore)?, ^tp: distinguished iroin othe^j Churohejj, inclpdiog evra^^f Ephesosj foundedj>y.the BeloveaDisoiple, to which St.IghatiuBWijote.is £«lear reoognitionaf the pre-eminence of the Boman Ghnrohin the very beginning of the second century. Protectant wribwsfeel the importance of this inscription to " the Church of the Bob^^i^^. t jeffort,: • to explain- it away. v 45till, however, there t Comment. Bt, Matthew, 6th ed, p. 05$, are non-Catholic authorities of the very highest eminence who agree with the Catholio interpretation,. Bishop Lightfoot admits that it testifies to "a preeminence of rank," " a primacy " in the Roman Church. Zahn is quite clear that it means that "in every region subject to the Roman power the Roman' Church is said to have a certain primacy;"* Harnack is still stronger. " However much," he says, "we may abate all extravagant expressions in his letter to the Romans, so much is evident' that Ignatius marked out the Roman community as the President among the sister communities, and that an energetic activity of this community in supporting and instructing the other communities was familiar to him."f Hilgenfeld, who rejects the authenticity of the epistles, and professes no belief in the divine character of Christianity, has no motive for distorting the meaning of the words, so he declares that this " Catholic Church has its own centre of internal unity, viz., the primacy of the Roman Church, indicated in the inscrip* tion of the epistle to the Romans."} But St. Ignatius explains that he means by the inscription. The' Roman Church, he tells us, "presides over the brotherhood" (proKadtiftevi) rrjc ayajrijg) that is, over the whole Christian body. Here, again, Protestant writers try to twist the words of the saint into a non-Catholic sense, and fall back npon the unhistoric position that the Roman Church excelled all others in the munificence of her liberality. Bishop Lightfoot makes some approach to the Catholic interpretation. " The Church of Bome," he says, " as it is first in rank, is first, also, in love." Again he admits this passage, " assigns to this Church a preeminence of rank as well as of love." And again he says, without any limitation, that St. Ignatius " assigns a primacy to Rome." Hefelz. Funk, Schawz, Hageman, and other Catholic scholars maintain that n ayapn) here means " the brotherhood," "the whole Church." They so argue from the grammatical construction, as well as from a collation of parallel passages In the writings Of St. Ignatius, and also in the works of other writers;, sacred and profane. Harnack, amongst other Protestant scholars, considers the datholic interpretation perfectly admissible. But we have only to read for ourselves the epistles of St. Ignatius without' preconceived opinions, and we shall find that every sentence, in his epistle to the Romans is an admission of the rock foundation of their Church. ' In each of the other epistles he insists on the necessity of unity, of freedom from all taint of heresy, and of absolute obedience to their pastors, especially their bishops. But in his letter to the Romans he disclaims all notion of teaching. Clearly alluding to the Apostles, who were the founders of their Church he protests, " I do not give you precepts, like Peter and Paul." Of the Roman Church alone does he assert that" it has taught , Others." f It," he declares, " is purified from every shade of strange doctrine." And he takes oomifort in the thought that when his own See of Antioch will have been bereft of its bishop, " Jesus Christ alone and jjro^ .«fisui^r(that is the charity ofthe Romfin ^«nj$h)Will apt as bishop |o i£. / ^AaTtmember that St. Ignatiiia^s felB one biAop who could advance a nVat ilaim to that of Bome, f& he -was JBeter'it ^fcjdcessor in Peter's older :£5ee . bf ^Jochj'and if his words are not'a utoi'mo^nition of the Boman primaoy, their what do they mean? A point is sometimes tried to be made against this testimony of ,$«. Ignatius ; on the ground that' the Bishop this sileft the Bomi special pri pre-eminer reoognised, everyone. Bomans St. Ignatius is usually denounced for his too warm championship of the episcopal order. In the other letters he is most pronounced in bis admonitions to five in' obedient subjection to their bishops*—he even in some instances mentions names of bishops or gives admonition to them. To the Church founded by Peter and Paul, the Church " that has taught othere," he does not presume "to give precepts," nor, as Cardinal Newman p-ai pithily puts;it,!does he so far forget himself as; to take' hie own superior and the Churoh's supreme, ruler " under his ' ,.,'.. - •'•,•-( ' |Ecclesiastioal writers are not agreed as to'tite date when Hermas wrote. K it. was not in the life^time of St.lpiiwus;; it ;^earis;''«fter ^gn^ir 1 J»ionCMl, he Miys, rf»agyfMMiyr i 'y« , wlth foreign ohur6hes, ^nd W 'fjM'Qatif: wfe shall have failer mentioii'later' pn . m > Paos.ii., 67. : ^ s the acts of a memorable. counoil. The Pope then lived in the Catacombs, and we infer what was meant by writing to foreign ohurches. If the aged martyr, Polyoarp, hM left us no written memorial of his belief in the ,Boman Primacy of jurisdiction, he hat supplied us with the best possible jVoof of his devoted loyalty to the See o| Bome in the long journey which in s extreme old age he undertook, that he blight confer with Pope Aiiicetus regardihff the time of celebrating Easter. History has not preserved £or us the letter of Pope Soter to the Corinthians as it has . .preserved that of Clement. We know, however, that it was received with e^Qal .veneration. Dionysins, Bishop of torinth, addressed Pope Soter about the year 17D, thanking him ior his generous sympathy with the Corinthians, and stating that the Pope's letter, like that of St. Clement, was publicly read in the churches. " To-day," lie says, " we have passed the Lord's holiday, in which we have read your epistle, which we shall always read, in order to have our minds instructed, as we shall read , that pre- viously written to us by Clement." Thus we see that in the very first ages df the Christian Church the Primacy of the Boman Pontiffs meets us as a concrete historical fact. How to account for it, is 'a problem that has baffled the ingenuity of those who do not see in it the work of the Divine Architect, who said to Peter, " Thou art Rock, and on this Rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." By the logical necessity of their position they are compelled to attribute to a liiundane * and not creditable cause en effect the i^^lfflj^^y most wo_ _ nomenon An tfie According tfofa cepted theory, Primaoy is t , manner:—Somewhere in the second half of the second century there were introduced into Rome certain writings, since known as the Clementine "Homilies" and "Recognitions," but more usually, referred to as the "Clementine Romance." The Protestant Dr. Smith, in his Introductory Notice to the " Recognitions," tells us that these writings form a kind of philosophical and theological romance j that the writer of the work seems not to have . Had the intention of representing his statements as facts, but that he tweeted the "disciples and their followers as his principal characters,and that he put' into their mouth's the most important of his beliefs, and wove the whole together by a thread of fictitious narrative. In the " Epistle of Clement to James," which forms a kind of introduction to the Homilies, Clement is made to tell how he was consecrated by Peter, and made to sit in Peter's Chair. Here, then, we are serionsly assured, is the sole origin of the belief in the Roman Episcopate of Peter, and in the possession by the Roman See of the Chair of Peter. Let us calmly consider what all this involves. (1). That up to the introduction of this Clementine Romance the See of Rome had never been regarded as this See of Peter, but, at most, only a See founded by the twin Apostles, Peter and Paul. , (2). That Rome, on the appearance of this Romance (as Rivington puts it),chose to forget her past history, and, in spite of the perpetual confluence of strangers to Rome', through whom, according to* the impossible and absurd interpretation of Irenæus' words, given by Puller and other Anglican writers, the faith was kept secure at Rome,.; in that very century—Rome, the very scene of the ordination of St. Clement; Rome, the orthodox ; rome, whose virtues, according to Bishop Lightfoot and others, gained for her a primacy of honour—rome suddenly took up with a falsehood which enhkneed her own importance, and persuaded others to adopt the same, and gave outjthat the account in the " Clementine Romance" was the true one, and that her See was the See of Peter! The primitive saints, Eastern and Western (African included), were taken in, and Christendom got into the Way of calling Rome the See of Peter! Credat Judtsus Apella i But, descending from the realms of fancy, let us examine the stubborn facts of sober history. On the threshold of our examination we find— (1). That the " Clementine Romance/' according to the most learned Protestant authorities, had an Eastern/and not a roman, origin. " . . , - (2) That it contained doctrine mani festly heretical,and that the author was an Ebionite heretic. X3.) That, so far frombmg mtendedtp >4teiae as well as BintK^ty|ije,.ana, M inhg in: (tccdrwith thfe EbionitWh loctrine tb^exslt St. Jainris as tliehiBad J, the Christian ..iCSxaceh,'^ as : : ""tho '(4). That l of the Clementine Romance, rome, in the words of the j^nglican Bishop Westcott, had a definite institution and a fixed service in her Church, and her bisbpp was the '.recognised representative of the principle of Church organisation and ecclesiastical unity. , Or, in the still stronger and more detailed testimony of Harnack :—" The Roman Church was the first to have a formulated baptismal profession of faith ; the first to have a canon of the New Testament, and a list of episcopal succession. It was she. who first turned to use the idea of the Apostolic succession of bishops. It is to a Roman bishop, moreover, that the Eastern Churches tracie all the most important Apostolic ordinances regulating the organisation of the Church, and, as it seems, rightly so. True, Tertullian, Hippolytus, and Origen rose up against the pretensions of Callixtus (these were, therefore, innovations), nevertheless, Callixtus gained the day. Accordingly, there can be little doubf that the fundamental Apostolic ordinances and laws of Catholicism were framed and shaped in;the .same city that had also made laws for the world at large-" J (5). That Rome,as Protestant writers admit, from the .very beginning, was admittedly distinguished for the purity of and was the recognised source of ecclesiastical traditions. (6). That, as the doctrine of the Roman Primacy is of the most practical kind, involving, of its very nature, the creation of a universal empire over.the consciences and religious practices of men, the start- ling novelty of its introduction during' the second century would,have evoked the loudest protest of outraged Christen' dom. (7). That not a trace of protest or repudiation -can be found in any orthodox riter in : that century, or, indeed, in any a .century to come. . (8). That, according to one of the ighest Anglican authorities, Canon right, Regius Professor of Oxford, it is ntirely improbable that an heretical iction should have "utterly captured" the Church of Bome. The necessity of unity in the doctrines of faith had been impressed upon the Bomans from the very beginning . Unity of faith was the keynote of the letter of Pope St. Clement, and in the pathetio epistles. of SL Ignatius to the several Churches on his way to martyrdom, whilst he. preached tins Inecessity for others, he testified to the existence of (thiftjonity amongst the Bomans. And it was this very citadel bf unbroken faith whicb, if we are to believe the patrons of the Clementine Bomance theory, was half a century later captured without a struggle. Our latest commentators on Ireneeus have assured us that the pre-eminence the saint claims for the Boman Church arose from the constant influx of Christian strangers into the world's capital, and that the object of their going to Bome was to oompare their local ecclesiastical traditions one with the other. Was or was not the belief in the Primaoy bf the Boman Pontiff one of the traditions these strangers brought with them to Rome ? If it were, then it was not of Boman origin j if it Were not, then why was there not even one amongst this multitude of strangers Who flocked to Bome to denounce the monstrous innovation of the Boman Primacy, which .must have been introduced in, Rbmft' hr!thf>- "night time and ppread: world before < * ing? Would! Irenaeus kindly vapid rhetoric, Once, to the logics .. (9;. That,m the opitfiotM most learned non-Catholic writers, the Clementine Bomance belongs not to the second, but to the third, century. " The Recognitions and Homilies, in the form in which we have them, 4 ' says Professor Harnack,do not belong to the second century, but, at the very earliest, to the first half bf the third. There is nothing, however, to -prevent our putting them a ew decades later." And in a note he adds—"There is no external evidence for placing the pseudo-Clementine writings jn the second* century. . . . The internal evidence all points to the third century (canon, composition, theological attitude, etc.) Henbe he concluded, " Be that as it may, it may at least be regarded as oert∈ that the psuedb- Clementihes contribute absolutely nothing to our knowledge of the origin of the Catholio Churoh and doctrine, as they show at btat in their immediate sources a Jewish Christianity strongly influenced by Catholicism s&d;'HeUeniBm." (816.); ; (10). That before the introduction of the " Clementine Bomance," Bomfe pose4ssed at Jeast' f twW^lists of her biibopB) ad'thatineachbf fheseiarbtecDrdedthe b^m, as we sht^ presently ;proceed to net help expressing my amazement that •sen of intettigfehce and research should mo readily toommitthemselves to theories, no matter how untenable opposed to the sWtnesaofhistory, provided only they feeeiik to militate against the claims of Rome. Aii autusirig illustration was very woently afforded, not Very far, either, from where we are assembled. On last St. Patriok's t>ayan ^.nglican olefgyman, of University distinction, read * paper on Ireland's National Apostle before a clerical meeting in this city. He undertook to show thfctthe Irish-Protestant Churoh of to-day ife the legitimate representative of the Ciraroh of St. Patrick. He had some historical difficulties to surmount, and he surmounted them with a vengeance. I beg your close attention. It is not every day yon will be favoured with snoh a reading of Irish history. Beferring to the Reformation period, the reverend and learned historian discourses thus:—" A. series of questions arises here. If Iceland and the Irish Church were independent of Borne, how is Ireland now Roman? "Why are.not Irishmen now members of thq Ohoroh ? Why are " * etaanoh opponei Bishop Words' delay. One real litnrgy was ordei Irish—the order wi years. The Roman elMBsklieiftiWfle fall nee of that time—the Irish were inoculated. The method adopted is significant. Irishmen are Celts—they are seathetic,they are warm andimpuhive; like the Galatians of old, they are naturally ritualists. Bome knew how to deal with them. Boman priests and bishops invaded the land—they took orders in the Irish ChOrch—they had oold, barren services— they preached dry, Calvinistic sermons— in Some cases they assumed infidel prinpies. The Warm-hearted Irish were listed, and for shelter they fled to the foreign, non-national Church madeready and comfortable for their reception." Beady and comfortable for their reception ! And we are not told that a single member of that clerioal gathering proted againBt suoh outrage on mstorio ! truth. Beady and comfortable for their ! reception 1 at a time when the soil of Ireland was reddened with the blood of her martyred children ; when her bishops lodged in mountain oaves and directed their letters with an unconscious pathos e loco refugU noetri—from our hiding place; when her priests were banished from her desecrated shrines,, and her people driven from their plundered homes. Beady and oomfortable for their reoeption I when, as the Protestant poet, Daws, says— They bribed the flook; they bribed the son, To sell the priest and rob the sire. Their dogs were taught alike to rnn Upon the scent of wolf and friar. If at a olerieal, and, it is to be presumed, a somewhat oritioal assembly, the imagination is permitted to run riot regacdiiig events which oocurred three centuries ago, have we not reason to fear when fabis going back to the first and seoond centuries and bearing on the Boman Primacy are under consideration ? But we must leave this latest Irish historical fiction and continue our inquiry legending.the alleged influence of the Clementine n^hiance on the invention of the Bomau tikims to a Primacy of jurisdiction. . >%dy ,-stated that before ^.in^irjthe "Clementine Bome poMewed at least two . '^hefirst of these pendent t of tlje ihe Clementine: i even allowing t^ this work the very earliest d»te assigned to it. This list was a converted Jew, named Be^uppas, who ouap to Bpme about the middle of the seoond century for the purpose of tracing the succession of the. Boman Pontiffs to the Apostles. This he did with a view of refuting pre- vailing heresies, for by proving an unbroken succession in the line of the Boman Pontiffs he would demonstrate a continuity of the true faith from the tim ft of the Apostles. The materials for making out a list of the Boman bishops were ready at hand. Only eighty-three years jbad elapsed since the martyrdom of 8t. Peter,'soihat the memory of living men oonld go back most of the time, and the aoeounto reoeived from their fathers very strong reasons for believing that the list, made by Hegesippns Was that nsed by.EuBebius in his Hiatory an'd Oiucohiole. This list Ensehius obtained tbs medium of a Syrian writer, rtaius Afrioanue. ,What» then (i Sbijs, fpHo wmgtthe list made by '^jqg^l^dt mi second Btmin.^pi^pPi ajaa 'A^ce Jgu&ularly;, wHi^'j^o^i WJ9f S?e.r(^o%,of ;f St. Clementjtq ^t.^eter?, Mph^ss.hajs bsen laid on what he "BtateB in his Histei^T^m^yifbat. Lin^ 'After the mattydtom of Peter and Paul. Bat it is obvious that this exjtffesSioii, by itself. Will not decide wbetherPe tor brPaUl is to be numbered amottgst the tfu/faopB of the Boman See.. It miyihoWever, mean that/for, as we havealretidy seen by saying that Viotoria is th^ Bfth in tracceSsien after fteWge I., BO far'feom excluding We actually ihbluiSte • him amongst the sovereigns , of Englatid. Bat, as if to guard against jciistiohtieli' tion, Eusebius,In his " History'', iinmediately after, connects HMtts With St. Peter in the direct Bucftession, where he tells us that Linus obtainfedthe bishopric of the Church of the Romans "first after Peter." Bo far, however, the testimony of JSusebius is mostly of a nega- tive character, but in his "Chronicle" he testifies distinctly to the Boman spis^ copaoy of St. Peter. In theArmehian version of it, though Clement is cotinted third from the Apostles, we are told : " the Apostle Peter, when he had fint founded the Church of Antiooh, sets out for the City of Rome, and there preaches the Gospel, and stays there as prelate of the Church for twenty yearis." The same is repeated in the Greek fragments pre. icrved by Syncelltw, thas!—«' But he Peter), besides the Church in^Antiocb, ilso first presided over that |n Rome until his death." The Latin version made by St. Jerome contains the same statement, as far as the main fact is concerned:—"He (Peter) is sent to Rome, where, preaching the Gospel for twenty-five years, he perseveres as bishop of the same city." And notwithstanding that St. Jerome here distinctly mentions Peter as Bishop of Bomb, he yet calls Linus "the first bishbp after Peter." Finally, the Syriao version of the " Chronicle" .confirm* the": - Armenian, the fragmehii£|F £ &reefc; anftJlhtfLatin. It contains tKfeJfoiio wingi—"Peter, after he had estaMiBheQ'the'Chtirch atAntioch, presided over we Church for wenty years." "The value Of '^hbse versions of the' 1 **"Cllirofiiolfi^ffSusebius is ndependent of their chronology, so far as he Boman episcopate of St. Peter is concerned, for, we know as a matter of fact, that many events both in sacred add profane history are indisputable, whilst he chronology may be uncertain! or confused. This is especially true of those arly centuries when Chronology hid uot et been reduced to a science. ' 1 - '' - Independently of the testimony' <6f Eusebius, we have the evidence df Epiphanius in favour oif the Bbm«^''6}tiscopate of St. Peter. Of ^ course, be old that St; ^pphai^^oDgfld fo;th(' fourth, and not to thb second, century,- wbich is the crucial tii^e' in this con-' troversy. But Bishop Lightfoot has satisfactorily jproVed that the list of Boman pontiffs given by Epiphanius in the fourth centnry is ho other than the lost list which Hegesippns had made in the middle of the seoond centtkry. Here is the, saint's own testimony, as Dr. Lightfoot gives it:—''He (EpiphamuB) then commences a list of the Boman episoopate, in which hb u places 'first Peter and Paul, Apostle's and, bishops, then Linus, then Cietus, then Clemens, who was a contemporary of Peter and Paul.' This leads him to explain how Clement, though a Contemporary, waB not next in succession aftpr the Apostles. He suggests that, thbUgh Cleiment >iay have waived his claims in favour of others for the sake of ; p6ace as «he himself Bays in one of his letters, I withdraw, I will depart, let the people of jOod remain at peace; for I haVe found this,' adds Epiphanius ' in certarn xnetnoirs (iv naiv virojiptifiartcriidic)' ^hen,after other idternative solutions of the difficulty, Epiphanius continues: 'But possibly after Clenient ;was appointed, and had waived his claims {if, indeed, it did so. happen, for I only surmise it; I do not affirm it) subsequently, after the death of Linus and Cietus, when they had held the bishoprio twelve yean each, after the death of ISalnt 'eter and Pajjl, which happened in the twelfth year of Nero; he (Clement) 'was again obliged to take the bishopric. Howbeit, the succession of the bishops of .Rome is as follows: Peter and Paul, Linus and Cietus, Clement, Euarestus, Alexander, Xystns, Telesphora's, Pins, Anioetus, who has been mentioned above in the cata- logue.' "* After whioh Dr. Lightfoot asks : " Have we not here the lost list'^ Hege sippus ?" And h^viqg tion he proceeds to ansV^er .i)) in the affirmative. ' ', A non-Catholic ^itef ihthbDiiticHiairy of Christian' Bio^abhf anCJife^r-" "•ays this iribhte Ito ' tfre' w5ri !oI fegejsipp^sis eJ^eftt Jhit Eosebius the first epistle of Clement . exoited bis curiosity) at B6me, the histo^ "Of ife early btehops.. Combine with all this his unpretending and .: atf&^ggerliit^r style, and we ate entitled toi'infe^thkt 1 be was very far indeed iftom b6lng Sther a hasty or oreduldUs chronicler." In corroboration of (7 the evidence {oi St. Hegesippns I shall, reeul St. Irenssus as a Witness. Like St. Hegesippns, he. too, went to Rome, but not till the latter part of the second century; and whikt there he obtained materials for drawing ujp a list of the Roman -bishops. jThis, as ,we, have already seen, he used. with great affect in the refutation of the" Gnostic, heresy. Dr. Lightfoot says that^trenseas used the list drawn upby St. Hegesippus, but Dollinger proves satisfactorily that he' made an independent list for himself, and was not even aware of the one already ade. St. Irenffias, as .we know, gives two enumeration^-—one in whioh he includes all the bishops who oQc.upied the oman See, and another fin rwhioh he ives those who, came after ,the Appstles in that bishopric. But on this he^d I need not repeat what I have stated during the oourse of these lectures. Suffice it to say that Irensus is in perfect agreement with St. Hegesippus, not only inthe enumeration of {he Roman bishops. bnt also in the reasons which induced him to draw up such list. Each of them had before his mind that ihe surest way to crush heresy was to ptoto that the Prince of the Apostles-^-the Bhepherd of the whole flock—still lived, and taught, afld ruled in the Roman See. Here is a^dilemma from which there is no get^g, away... It the Clementine Romance Stored the faith. of Rome regardi^i .,th'e succession of lier bishops from i»$r, : it must have been accepted in Rome either after 'or, before these hsts of St." Hegesippus and ,St. Irenffias ^ere drawn lip. If after' then, it could have no effect on. the faith W towhich these lists bear .witness^ If it was acceptedhefore then, these iUustrious saints must have known that the Clementine Romance was the foundation onwhioh the claims • of the Roman Pontiff Were built. bt. ; Hegesippus was in Bome before the Romance was.heard of, or, at all r events, close upon the time of its introduction, j and St, Irennus came a very few years j afterwards—that is taking the most ; favourable view of the theory. They | were specially interested in the subject ( of'the Boman Primacy, for, as we have ; in, their main object was to prove the j . hodoxy of local churches by the stan- 1 ard pf tne Boman faith; and as a proof ] of the genuineness of the Boman faith they defiantly pointed to the unbroken succession of the Roman pontiffs from Peter, who was th§ rock-foundation of Christ's Church. Here was a challenge to all heretics. The unchanged and unchangeable faith, of the See of Peter was the standard by Which their innovations were to be tested. .If the Clementine fact that the flee of Bome, waB the Chair of Peter, would these .great saint* have exposed themselves to the snpers of the heretios ? Did they not know that there Was ready at hand thOrnshiflg reply j that Bome had just onder^one a most revolutionary chai^^^hW^^Uine, as ; well as in a single herg^m^^o d^el vo^actiept the ftr^lJ81. Ireneeus bvT^ymgtffifi^mfeiMbfJhe Boman epilg^ite^pf' fetert ^ef^^the direct from him? he had lapsed fhto 'hereBy. withdra^ the statement he had put oh record that Pppe St. Clement htyd been ^rdained by St. Peter ? Tertollianis a witoessofstipreme importance. X f t ' - ^ ' - - - - - from the di language Clementi knowuJfco posini Tertu after, and moment thatlHfl 1 cot have at once de^ct;^ the imposition, or that in quarrelling iirifti the Pontiff he would liave failed to hWve 'pointed out the defect .in the Papal system, which, hen opce e^>ose3, wpmd cause v the whole !Papal edifice fo tumble down like a house of cuds^: ; Twjsp^e^lid answer is given to qaestiphs f i|ch ' as these, it is only trifling with a.'^iat; subjeot, and insulting the int^lligence of grown-up men to talk pf. Clementine Romances .jw the, founaation of the. prerogatives of |he RpmB|nPee.! jl cannot pass from these lists of the first PppeB without protesting agamst this downright lif^phesty of i8if)'glicah #pvers»lMiAs ,1Salnidii wh6 .ae)iberately ighore the che ' J than exception. Though WB ooMpsiaM.aire, 'letiiheB in strai^a obhflibt^nfli"^^ms,; es, 8tm ^fke^jc^WfiBaW e»y important , fact connected with his subject. Por instance, he idinlts thAt « ,; all authorities " are agreed as to the eorreet* nbss Of St. Irensens' enumeration of the bishops Of Bome, which includes St. Pet6r, And he admits, also, that there ooiM'be no."accidental tripping," because St. IrensBUs gives this etiutneration id iihe Very next chapter to that in Which he had given the list of the euccessors of the Apostles in the See of Ro'me. ^ But for no other reason, apparently 1 , than'that Auch an enumeration does not harmonise with his own theory, he coolly says that he believes St. Ireneeas was mistaken. The Arohbishop concluded' by saying that the subject of the next'leeture would be the {Continuation of the 'evidenee derived from the testimony of the Bathers and Councils of the third; fourth, and first half of the fifth centuries. This evidence will be found to W full, clear, and overwhelming. . • <-' 