LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Bowral Christian Convention. SIR,-In Mr. Guthrie's letter of Saturday, 15th inat. in answer to mine of the previous Saturday, he starts off by oharging me with a display of ignorance, I at once pleao "guilty" to thiB charge, for the more I read and the more I know, the less I seem to know. Mr. Guthrie nest charges me with inventing the term "the Blessing" evidently with a sneer {but how he gets at the sneer I don't know) ; my answer to this charge is " not guilty " for the following reason: The Rev. Allan Webb is the first man I have.ever heard use suoh an expression. Had the rev: gentleman spoken of receiving a manifestation of the spirit whereby ho gained more light and know ledge, there would have been no more misconcep tion. I ha\e heard of several being puzzled over what he called " The Blessing." I heard of one Christian man over seventy years of age, saying he did not understand suoh talk, he had never heard of such a thing before, yet he is a greater reader. I think sir, that Mr. Guthrie oould not have been at the meeting or he would not have written in the manner he has. Now to the main issue. I hold that the receiving of a blessing from the Holy Ghost is not separate ahd distinct from conversion, but a continuation, a progression of the divine life, which begins at con version. The beginning of life is always the most important part of our existence. If any of us have an illness, and we recover from that illness, we say it was a "Blessing," but that blessing is not distinct and separate from our life, it's a continuation, a progression of life. I consider it is'the same , with:' the spiritual life, as I said in my .'first letter, where there is divine life there must be progress.- God through the : medium of the Holy Ghost manifests' Himself to the individual. ' I think it was " Top lady" who said he hai three manifestations of the spirit daring his life. If this is what theBev. Allan Webb meant, it is quite understandable. I believe that men whom God Bets apart to preaoh the goBpel, receive the power of the Holy Ghost in a greater degree than the average Chistrian, and some preachers receive the ministrations-of the spirit more than others. Mr.'Gutlirie says the old man, whioh is the carnal nature, is utterly destroyed and points to Paul's ex perience in Itomans vii, 14-25. Well, I don't find it to be Paul's experience in those verses, for he says "How to perform that which is good I find not. When I would do good evil is present with me." Now, Mr. Editor, I always tbonght the fruits of the spirit were gentleness, meekness, not falsely ac ouaing, from the man in the moon) acaoses me of bad mo tives whioh never entered my head. My reason for not giving my natno for publication is that the sub ject matter of the letter should reoeive attention and not my personality. Hoping I have not trespassed too far on your space, thanking you in anticipation. I ain, &0., A KESIDENT. Orange, lemon, and all citrus fruits can safely be planted in March and April. P. L. C. Shepherd and Son. 202 Pitt-r.t., Sydney,has the finest stock of these and all other fruit trees and plants, also the best gardon and flower seeds in the colony.-a.i. THE SIEVE ORGANS The kidneys act as a sieve to the blood, where it in filtered; they necrsaavily need cleansing, and Wolfe'E Schnapps should be used. THE COLLOGRAPH.-Whore? Near Allerdice's. MR. & MRS. FRANK BEVERLEY have decided to settle down at Mittagong. Dixson's Conqueror never altera in quality. Smokers know this. II tboy oro toropted oH it, thoy oomo back again. Why?-At. I WESLEYAN.-The Rev. W. G. Taylor uas boon elected president of tho N.S.W. Confeienoo for 1836. THE ROBERTSON SHOW on Tuesday and Wednesday next, the second day being a public holiday. DR. ATOCK'S SALE attracted a large attendance on Wednesday after noon, and the bidding was good. The schedule of prizes of the forthcom ing Y.W.C.A. Chrysanthemum Show is published in our advertising columns. THE SECOND DAY of the Berrima District A.H. and. I. Society's show has been proclaimed a public holiday in this district. CARPENTER'S TOOLS, &c.;, to be sold by J. G. Morris and Co. at the late Mr. Cutler's residence next Wednesday afternoon. BRO. SMITH quaintly remarks that the Gordon Lodge is goiug to live- "Thoy can't extinguish tho lodge so easily as thoy ex tinguished the lights," he tolls ns. THE BENEFIT CONCERT in aid of the widow and family of tho late Mr. Alick McDonald will be held at an early date. Efforts are boing made to get up a first-clays entertainment. Mr. C. G. Heydon is receiving the fat crown briefs in the absence of Sir Julian Salamons. He has a great chance of suc ceeding to the Supreme Court bench on the retirement of Judge Windeyer. CRICKET.-The Association will play j at Robertou Park this afternoon. Team ! Messrs. Groveuor, Cope, Litchfield, Hall, Huggett, Cnsaok, White, Penman, Jones,' Comer, and Pidoock; 12 C. Thompson. The; trap leaves punctually at 12.45. A FACT WORTH KNOWING.-^' Trying to do business without advertising in the Free Press is like winking at one of> Bowral's prettiest girls from behind a pair of green goggles. You might know what you are doing, but nobody else does. MEDICAL.-We are informed that Dr. Armstrong, successor of Dr. Atock. who is retiring from the practice of his profession in Bowral, has leased the- cot tage situated in Bendooley- street oppo site St. Jude's Church, recently vacated by Mr. G. J. Covington, jeweller, and known as Sylva, the property of IVfrS. Woods. B. D. COTTAGE HOSPITAL.-A gen oral meeting of subscribers vvns held yesterday after noon, lh George, J.P., vice-president. The object was to elect a committeeman in the place 'of Dr. Atock, resigned. Only one nomination had | been made--fchafc of Dr. Armstrong ; but mit. being eligible according to the Aut, through'mit ! having paid his subscription, the doctor could not be olected. The meeting was adjnorned | for a week. j W.C.T.U. COFFEE ROOMS.-There' was I a fair attendance at the Coffee Rooms oil Satur day night last. The meeting opeiiod with hymn 135, Prov. xx. 1-6, and prayer. Tho following; programme was thou rendered Organ solo.' Miss V. Russell ; solo, " Always fcalco mothei'd advice," Miss Lake ; recitation, " A. little girl's thoughts," Mi3s K. Biffen ; reading, " A song's story," Chairman ; solo, "Market Day," Miss V. Russell ; recitation, "Modern Logic," Miss* Matthews ; doxnlogy and benediction. Tho rooms closed at 11 p.m., after a pleasant aud vyo I hope profitable evening. ,'j SOMETHING NEW, - Edison's.! latest in Bowral: The Collograph I patron-;| ised by vice-regal party last week). A por-J trait full size of yourself, taken aud finished. I in S minute? at a cost of 6d only. This day only. Dull day no objection. Children aa early as possible. Lady attending.' Tents ereoted near Allerdioa'a. The most: wonderful part of this instrument is that- it: takes pictures by day and nigbt. Open 4o-,; night. Children day time onlyr-morning, preferred.-F, C. NEWKICK, Manager, * ?-. CHESS. & DRAUGHTS CLUB.-On Thursday evening the seoond mebtingof the Chess and Draughts Club was held at the' School of Arts. The chief business was the election of committee which resulted as fol lows : Mr. R. S. Mackenzie (Mayor), presi- . dent; Messrs. Gavin George and T. B. Melhuish, vice-presidents; Mr. H. B.< Linthorn, treasurer; Mr. N. E. Litchfield, '. secretary; Messrs. Grovenor, Frost, and Russel, committee-men. Play was indulged in until the time for the closing of the in stitution arrived. B.Y.M.A.-Messrs. J. Wylie ana W. F. Cusack fare welled at the Young Men's As sociation on Wednesday night. Both were popular members of the institution, and! prominent figures in the cricket and football field. Mr. H. E. Jones and the Rov. J. Penman spoke in complimentary tori^s qf( the valuable services rendered by'the two members who were seeking frdsh fields and wished them every success, a wish that was.: re-echoed by the whole of the Association^ Mr. Wylie left Bowral for Westralia on Thursday morning, and Mr. Cusack will leave fer Warren on Tuesday next. . " LASSITUDE, HEADACHE, BACKACHE, AND INDIGESTION ARE SYMPTOMS OF A 'i DISORDERED LIVER. :l, CLEMENTS TONIC IS THE ONLY '. ! RELIABLE AND RADICAL CURE, : ' HAVE NO OTHER. . Mrs. W. Willis, Clinton .Lane, Goulbnrn, N.8.W., who writes on June 3rd, 1893 I hiive been trou bled for the last three years with so.vero headadhes, pains in the back, and shooting pains throughout the whole system, cbrapleto josa of appetite, and a. languid feeling, and toy eyesight got so bad that I could not see to read even in the daytime. About a month ago I liacl a severe attack of influenza, I was' so ill and nervous I. thought I would never get! better. After various remedies which did me no good I was persuaded to try Clements Tonic. After taking one bottle I was so mueli better, and ray eye sight improved-I could read without trouble-and after taking two more bottles I feel better than I have felt for years, I intend strongly recommend ing it all m.y friends.-Yours gratefully, W. Wills, Clinton-lane, Goulburn, N.S.W. THE BAZAAR recently held at Mittagong in connection with the Roman Catholic Church realised £82 os gd net. TENNIS CLUB.-We have it on good authority that another attempt is being made to start a tennis club in Bow ral." It is to be hoped that the effort will pipve successful, and that all interested will use their influence in assisting the promoters. HOME FOR WORKING GEN TLEWOMEN. - An advertisement ap pears elsewhere in reference to the St. Bernard's home for gentlewomen, 211 William-street, Sydney. We learn by a circular that Miss French is the hon. treasurer, and the management comprises many influential ladies. # THE REV. G. D'ARCY-IRVINE, incumbent of St. Jude's Church, Bowral, we regret to hear, is very unwell. On Monday, acting on the advice of his medical attendant, Dr. Fisher, he left Bowral for Stanwell Park, on the Illa warra line. The doctor advises com plete "rest, consequently our reverend friend expects being away at least a fort night. We wish him a speedy recovery. >; McSHANE'S CORNER" and if McShane's Store " will soon be famili arities of the past-things to be cherished in- memory only. An advertisement else where announces the sale by auction of the goodwill of P. Mc Shane's produce, wood, and coal business in Bowral on Thursday next, together with a large amount of produce, horses, &c.; JUST FANCY!-A dairyman up G.oulburn way did a peculiar thing the other day. He had a crop of beautiful sorghum worth about £50, but he ploughed in the whole of it rather than run the risk of letting his cows eat it and die. Other dairymen would have been glad of the opportunity to run the risk these times. .. BOWRAL ENTERPRISE. - We notice in a recent issue of our Sydney looming contemporary that our energetic .townsman, Mr. Thos. Loveridge, has se cured the contract for the construction of 'what -will prove to'be one of the finest 'suspension bridges in this colony, and "that is the new- bridge over the Shoal haven between Moss Vale and Nowra. The contract price is £6g8s, and it is understood that the whole of the masonry is;to be of Bowral trachyte. THE DISTRICT SHOW will posi tively be held at Moss Vale on 10th, nth, and 12th March, and promi. es to be the most successful on record. The energetic hon; secretary, Mr. James Yeo, with the assistance of the committee, are leaving no Ktone unturned in their efforts to make it as attractive and useful as pos sible. The number of special prizes shows the interest taken in it by the public. Entries close at 6 p.m. next Monday. Schedules and entry forms may be ob tained on application to the hon. sec. at Moss Vale. The prospects for a good show are A 1.. BOWRAL SCHOOL OF ARTS. We aire pleased to learn that the collec tion of books in the library of this useful institution has been considerably added to during the past month, among other publications being the " Nineteenth Cen tury Magazine." The committee have also to thank the managers of the P. and O. S.N. Co. for the - " Traveller's Pocket Book" of that Company,and a copy of 5th edition of the " Orient Guide " from the Orient Steamship Company, both of which are now available in the Reference Branch of the library. ST. JUDE'S CHURCH, BOWRAL. We have been permitted to view a very handsome engraved brass tablet erected in the interior of this beautiful church by Mrs. Corbett to the memory of her sister the late Mrs. Mary M.' Sullivan, and Which is placed oil the south wall of the, church in proximity .to the stained glass window, erected by Mrs." Sullivan to the memory of her husband, the late Captain D. H. Sullivan.. The tablet, i3inche?. by 18 inches, stands on an ebony panel and bears the following inscription, "In loving memory of Mary M. Sull van, who died at her home, Burradoo Park, 26th July, 1895," and presents a very pleasing effect, as seen from the northern entrance doors to the church. The tablet was placed in position under the supervision of Mr. G. M. Pugh. LAWN TENNIS.-A match will be played at Moss Vale this Saturday after noon between teams from Bowral and Moss Vale, eight aside. Bowral will be represented by Misses Lucy Osborne, Maclean, Ralston, and Maud Jones, and Messrs. John. Wellford, Arguimbau, Merewether, and Gavin George. The Moss Vale team will be chosen from the following: Messrs. Pulling, Throsby, Johnson,' Stevenson, Dymock, and Walker; Misses Nicholson, E. Morrice, J. Morrice, Richardson, Oxley, Llewellen. The Bowral people are very much in debted to Moss Vale for placing their court at the disposal of the visiting team, and the only regret of Bowral is that they cannot reciprocate the kindness, but hope to do so later on. MRS. SHARP'S RELIEF.-A pub lic meeting was held at Mittagong on Monday evening last in connection with the Sharp family relief movement. Aid. ? Drabble (Mayor) in the chair. The meet ing was held for the purpose of ? receiving accounts from collectors and making ar rangements for the expenditure of the money subscribed Many suggestions were thrown out, but it was eventually ^decided to empower a committee to have a two-roomed .weatherboard cottage erec ted upon the site of the late fire.leaving.it to volunteer labor, if forthcoming, to make additions thereto. It was announced that the following moneys had been collected : -Mrs. and Miss Murray, £11 4s 6d ; Mesdames Draper and Griffiths, £8 4s ; Mesdames Stewart and Middleton, £3 2s 6d ; proceeds of concert organised by Mrs. Tooth, £10; proceeds of social at Mittagong, £5 5s; total £%] 16s. GARDEN CALENDER for March appears in this issue. Thorougly reliable. A TOMATO grown at Goulburn weighs 15 ounces, being 13 inches in cir cumference. GRAPE EATING is held responsible for killing an old man near Coonabarra bran and a little girl at Wellington. They ate the skins and seeds. TO CURE CORNS, melt two ounces of gum ammoniac, two ounces of yellow wax, and six drachms of verdigris. Mix well together, and place on the corn with a piece of rag. OLD AGE. - An Englishman, an Irishman, and a Scotchman applied at the Goulburn Police Court last Tuesday for protection. The Englishman was promised a home at Marulan by his sister; the other two will be sent to an asylum. Their ages ranged from 60 to 7a years. DECEASED WIFE'S SISTER.-At present marriage with a deceased wife's sister is lawful in New South Wales (since 1875), Victoria (1872), New Zea land (1880), and Canada (1882), and the issue is legitimate in the colonies. In Great Britain, however, marriage with' a deceased's wife's sister is unlawful, a.nd the children are in consequence illegiti mate there and cannot inherit property by descent, but only by bequest. MUSHROOMS.-It may not be gen erally known that mushrooms can be dried and so preserved for winter use, by first twisting off their stalks, stringing them on coarse thread, or fine twine, and hanging them up in a shed, or, during dry weather, across a clothes line. They soon become black and shrivelled, when they j can be put away into paper bags, or dry bottles, and used when wanted for flavor ing soups, stews, and gravies. DEATH OF THE OLDEST NA TIVE OF THE COLONY. - Mrs. Hannah Hall, relict of James Hawkes bury Hall, formerly ofMacquarie Retreat, Hawkesbury River, died on the 19th instant at the residence of her only sur viving daughter, Brookside, Parramatta River, The deceased lady, who had reached the advanced age of 90 years, was born at Portland Head, on the Haw kesbury River, in November, 1806, and is believed to have been the oldest native of the colony. A DESPERATE BULL.-One day last week a bull belonging to someone un known swam across the Hutt River (says the Auckland Weekly News) and entered a field where seven horses belonging to Gear Company were grazing. He at tacked and killed or badly gored the whole of them. Three were found dead, ripped open, and another desperately in jured on the head, with its chest torn open. The others escaped with wounds in the chest showing they had a narrow escape of being disembowled. The dam age done to the animals will hardly be covered by £100. ROYAL AGRICULTURAL SO CIETY OF N.S.W.-Intending exhibi tors at' the approaching grand exhibition of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales are reminded that general entries close on the 2nd of March, and lato entries at double fee will be taken up to the 5th of March. The annual sub scription is one guinea and members are allowed two ladies tickets. These ladies tickets will carry special privileges this year, one being the entry to the galleries in the Centennial Hall on the occasion of the society's grand federal banquet and to all parts of the ground on the day of the official opening, when the Governors of the Australasian colonies will be pre sent. ADVANCE AUSTRALIA.-In these times of general depression it is indeed assuring and pleasant to have to chron icle the advancement of at least one Aus tralian institution. The Citizen's Life Assurance Company, Limited, which is making gigantic strides in the right direc tion.held their annual meeting a few days ! ago and the report placed before the shareholders proved to be perfectly satis factory. The great secrets of the com pany's success, were the reduc [ tion of working expenses by 8.1 per cent and the increase of income by 12 per . sent. The most stringent valuation of their policies was made, in fuct, more so than as ever been attempted by any Life Assurance Company in Australia. Im portant addresses were delivered by Messrs. J. P. Garvan, W. J. Lyne, M.L.A., John See, M.L.A., and Sir W. P. Manning, and the last named gentle man was elected to a seat on the Board. DEBATE.-The debate at the Young Men's Association on Wednesday night under mock parliamentary principle, proved very interesting and instructive. .There was a good attendance of members, and the Rev. J. Penman took the chair at 8 45. The subject, which was introduced by Mr. H. B. Linthorn, was an abstract from a bill favoring the " Abolition of the Upper House, and the introduction of the Referendum." In speaking to his motion Mr. Linthorn strongly favored the doing away with the Legislative Council alto gether, and substituting in its place the Referendum, by which a vote of the elec tors could be taken on any important measure brought forward by Parliament. This mode of procedure was in vogue in Switzerland and was found to be acting very satisfactorily. Mr. Linthorn was supported by Mr. J. Wylie. Messrs. G. Frost, N. E. Litchfield, and H. Foord spoke in opposition, but at the same time favored an elective Upper Chamber. They argued that some check should be kept on the hasty manner in which some bills were rushed through the Assembly. After Mr. Linthorn had replied, a division was called for with the result that a large majoriry favored the doing away with the second Chamber, and substituting the Referendum in its place. MASONIC INSTALLATION.-The annual installation of ofiiccrs of the lodge Jubilee, No. 162 of the United Grand Lodge of New South Wales, took place at Mittagong on Monday evening. The installation was performed by the Right Wor. Bro. Henry E. Vaughan, P.D.G.M., assisted by the Very Wor. Bro. V. B» Riley, D.I.W. The following officers were installed :-Bro. T. Groube, W.M. ; Wor. Bro. W. B. Godfrey, I.P.M.; Bro1. Henry W. Edwards, S.W.; Wor. Bro. John Mealing, J.W.; Bro. John White^ treasurer; Wor. Bro. William Allan, Secretary; Wor. Bro. John Napier, X.G.: Bro. John Taylor, tyler; Bros. Beaven and Kendrick respectively S.D. and J.D. TAKING ADVANTAGE OF LEAF YEAR.-A young lady out Burradoo way is evidently sadly in need of a husband. She wrote a letter to a Bowral young gent, the other day, coached in the terms of a proposal of marriage, in which thff writer offered her heart and hand as a privilege afforded by leap year. It was headed "Old Maid's Terrace," and stated that the sender could cook and be gener ally useful about a house, in fact- do everything and be everything necessary as a useful and loving wife. An early re> ply was required, for if refused the young lady signified her intention of popping the question elsewhere. The recipient of the letter is doing well, in fact he does; not appear to have suffered anything ser ious after reading ils contents. The-, friends of W. R. F., junr., are anxiously awaiting developments, but it is generally hoped that he will not join the benedicts just yet awhile. THE REGENT SHOOTING- ACCI DENT.-Sydney Pember, on remand, wns! charged before Messrs. R. S. Mackenzie, T'. Loveridge, and Gavin George, Ju.P.r yester day with inflicting bodily harm on a boy named Arthur Kerr. The caao arose out of a shooting accident, which happened a couple of weeks baok. From the evidenoa taken it appears that a party of young fel lows went out shooting; coming to a scrub-' near Berriraa they separated, Korr going with Cole, but shortly after, howevor, lie left him to " beat " the scrub botween Colo and Poraber. A little later on, Pombei1 fired at a hare, and Kerr, who was about 4Q; yards away, received some of the contents of the gun in the back. A cry from the in-. jured boy brought the others to bis rescue,, aud he wai immediately removed to a houBo where medical atteudanoe was ob tained. Youug Korr, who had' recovered? sufficiently to attend tho court, d pised shit, tho scrub wns vory thick ; he did not see Pember firing at the haro, no cT d he think Pember had soen hira. Geor e Cc.I , who also gave evidonco, stated tha h ? had often been out shooting with P mb r, and he had always proved himself capab e of oarryiug a gun ; the p->rfcy were ull on friendly terms;, and there was 110 quar e ling whatever in dulged in during the ater.Movi. Ch Nnble, who conducted the case, said he* had further evidence ovidenco to oal', bub did not.think it necessary. Tho Bench must como to-the same conclusion as- the police,, that it was purely an accident. Tha police had boon compelie-l '0 curry through tlia> case, no matter how they disliked d'oing it The Bench immediately discharged thos accused If yon ennnot o1)tiun'"Myfa Teiv"'fn your distriot;, write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clnrenoo-Btrui'f-, Sydney, who will arrnngo for a supply at one® through the looal storekeeper.-A. RASH LITIGATION. - A case brought before the Full Court on Tuesday last furnished an apt illustraction of the? way in which people sometimes rush into* litigation for comparative trifles, and in volve themselves in heavy costs. A short time since a resident of Nowra sued a. person living in the same township to re cover the sum of £5 as compensation for injuries received owing, as he alleged, to the negligent driving of defendant's ser vant. Upon the conclusion of the case his solicitor, for some reason, elected to be non- suited,, but the attorney on the other side objected, and the magistrates found a verdict for the' defendant, with £1 5/- costs. On Tues day last the plaintiff applied for a ruler nisi for a prohibition to set aside the de-" cision, and the Chief Justice, after looking into the facts,said that if the rule nisi was; granted the matter might cost £xoo before it was determined, and that the costs to plaintiff already as between solicitor and! client- seeing that he had engaged a bar rister-probably exceeded tha amount he originally claimed for compensation Counsel, however, claimed that the rights: to elect to be non-suited was "an inher ent principle of British jurisprudence, at tached to any plaintiff, in any Court,'" and this was the knotty point on which plaintiff had been advised to seek relief' from the appellate Court at the risK of emphasising the paradox, well understood in legal circles, that very often " he who? wins loses." His Honor said he thought applicant was entitled to the rule, but he asked him before tailing it out to count the cost. Mr. Justice Cohen mentioned, the case of ex parte Carmichael, a-ndisaicf that though that was merely a dispute as to the possession of a few books the liti-. gation must have cost £&o; or £70. Counsel, having accomplished the: mis sion with which he had been entrusted,, said that he would communicate with the parties, or their attorneys, and submit to them the remarks of the Court.-S. M» Herald. 