SPORTING. ASy 'Masootte.' Sportsmen, i£ not racegoers goner ally, will bo pleased to loarn that 'Wal- lace, the keroof the iato A.J.O. meet ing, hss been doing splendidly during the last few days, and his most dnmaced foot has mended so rnoidlv that the colt has been able to return heme. . The cross-country jockey W. Blieeco will not he seen following his pro fession during the next six months, the committee of the A.J.C. having dis qualified him on Saturday last for that torm. He had the mount on Lady bird in the Hurdle Bace, and after leavinc the weiRhinj'-yard and indulg ing in his preliminary, returned and had a word or two on the lawn railing with the mare's trainer. At the con clusion of the race, in which Ladybird was second, the committee carpeted Rheece, and disqualified him for the period mentioned ' for a breach of the regulations and false evidence.' Rheece and his mount narrowly es caped parting company at the hurdle opposite Oxeuham's, Ladybird hitting it just hard enough to send Rhceco on to her neck. A Sydney exchange writes -.—'Polly Mohr, who ran nearly last in Tar coola's Cup, and startad at the knock out price of 200 to 1, won the Conatgo Handicap, of 12 sovs, one mile and a quarter, with 9.4, last week, beating Eva, 8.2 (second) and six others. The riders of Polly Mohr and Eva were subsequently called before the stewards for suspicious practicrs, and W. Sheck (Eva) was disqualified for three months. ' Augur's Ghost ' says that Joo Hayward has taken the ancient Sand hurst in hand at Narandera, and is very sweet on the old fellow's chance for one of the 'stick' events at the forthcoming meeting. Carlsbad is im proving under Jim Beck's care. Jack JJaskell has also worked a greafc im provement in his pair, Springcide and Sunlight. Early Morn and Early Dawn' are doing well, and the ' old coon' is greatly pleased by the way they execute their preliminaries. Day break is galJoping as well as his best friends could wish. Beck has Gan main in rare heart, and wearing Jim's best polish, he should be dangerous at the meeting. Mr J. Brown has made Mr J. Poley, a popular Narandera sport, a present of the steeplechaser Waterbury. This lepper is said to be an arrant rogue, but Jack is a great believer in ' drugs,' and might cure him. If he does he will be top sawyer over the timber up country, and will be & source of annoyance to the handi capper. The appeal of W. Maskell, owner of the Nabob, against the Echuca Racing Club in declaring Mascotte winner of the Echnca Handicap run on the 25th March on the ground that the rider weighed ia with his whip was upheld by the V.R.C. But the consideration of the question of the disqualification by the club of The Nabob from being placed second for unfair running was postponed. Preston is said to be improving. The 'VVagga Breeders' Plate move ment is booming. Look at it, ye Hay sports, and weep ! Lord Richmond is moving well at Plemington, and might get a situation in the Adelaide Cup. Trenthara how ever looks to hare a mortgage on the race. Hova has left for Adelaide. 'Asmodeus' suggests that Mr Wilson would act wisely in sending his colt 'Wallace to England. It is pointed out that Wallace has no more Australian engagements at present, and that in view of the heavy weights he would have to carry next season, his prospect of gaining further distinc tion would be greater on the English turf than if he remained here. If al lowed a reasonable time to become ac climatised Wallace should certainly possess a fair chance of appropriating some of the valuable prizes of the Eng lish turf, and he is undeniably a worthy representative of the Australian , thoroughbred. Leonidas was a ' hot pot' for the April Stakes at Randwick on Satur day, but his jockey foolishly tried to win all the way. Mr O. Gibson will go home with Daimio, joining the Orizaba at Ade laide. Daimio continues to improve, and it is hoped that his leg (which is still a trifle swollen) will be quite well . by Saturday, when he is to start his journey. Mr Gibson will confer with his brother in England as to whether _, Daimio shall start in any other raca than the Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase. Now that Ebor has won over fences in England, Daimio's arrival will probably excite more in terest than ever. English racing men may not be altogether impressed with his appearance, but they are bound to take to him when they see him in ac tion. : Jack Brewer wen the Hurdle Race at Flenrington on Saturday on Lord Byron, and gave the spectators another display of his artistic horse manship. . The V.R.C. stewards administered a severe caution to J. Stevenson on Saturday for his handling of Blue Vest in the Two-Year-Old Handicap. The Narandera polo team, consist ing of Drs. Watt and Pox and Messrs H. L. and W. C. Cully, played a Syd ney Club team at Kensington on Mon day. The city men won by 5 coals to 1\. A. B. Patterson ('The Banjo') and author of ' The Geebung Polo Club,' formed one of the Sydney team, and scored 2 goals. The latest cycling record for a mile is said to have been done by A. C. Nesbett on a ' Rover' machine weigh ing 2Ubs, and geared to 84. He was unpaced, and did the distance in lmin. 25 3-5sac- The performance was done on the main road near Oxford, Eng land, and the cyclist was assisted by a strong wind. While taking part at the Randwiok meeting on Saturday, Culgoa split one of his hoofs. His owner has in conse quence decided to send him to the stud, 