Red Riding Hood On Wednesday, April 8, at the loca Town Hall, Mr J Asior Broad's popular operetta ? Red Ridina Hood ' was ~ perfoi inud by Miss Oarlile's pupils 'n mi other children, with the assistance of Airs Arthur E Grw^n wife of the Her AiE Green, who trained ihe choruses and pribcij-)HB^fl^^l^^[*P^^ histnonu: snfisio th« «ciimr.«$i1n 43?™p*»j '' Tht oinsinsr and artiiiirtiett.*«ed *the^w»te«c' ? credit, hot -»«lv up--n the' lnstnicVMra of- ther children, but also on the ability »ndiot«lli- ; jgenceot Jlie* rf'»fWr-?h themselves, -unft-lit, ip ; , rery doubtful »n«ii-erl whetlier an. 'Afl«d«ide ' - »odience !we wilnpssol nn anialwurjjuvi^nHe performance of equal merit or excellence The 'dresses' -ere nv»Rt picturesque and ? clever! v. deafened, bite «a« *nd ct»slun»e!B~6f ?'' ?.. the Blue Bells. Itoae, and Battercap callldir - - forth special praise. As some evidence of the trouhte ' thitt has been taken Iqr Mm Green an-i -Miss Gnrlile we may mention - that there have been no less thin ''87 '' rehearsals. beside the. innunaeraWe practice* of the. principals and blue bells »t the . Rectiiry, which for fonr months lias been j ' literally invaded by little f-»lk Special praise is certainly doe to Mim Gr.icie Reel who took the ttrle part and bore the bnrden of Stiie piece; her singing was accurate, sweet, and f all «»f exptvssion, while- .' ' her actfn? for a cVId of 12 is beyond praise Her Bkirt daiK-e nnd chnchucn called forth ' vi^oroifs appl;inse, the latter having to hit repeattjd 1 SI'iss v%Lin'isiy, ^fe * Adelaide, ; deserves' cfpitit for the aptuess of her pupil in ti«e ^Tt!ipsich»i«.imiar.i-..;' Miss^ K-'ep Marrie made a sweet littli K-»se, ind displayed' ability in so tg beyond the a Forage, nnd little In;i Munsell ut Buttercup i* worthy of ap^cinl mention. . Mr Brasted is to be c6«ipliraauteA=on tlrt ' voices , of his children Vivian snug with remarkabje vigour, pathos, and volume for one soiyigng, we trust this, little man has a bright; future before liira \\.a~a. finger. ,. The; members itif ihe Blue Bell traupe were a feature of the Operetta, opt likely to be forgotten for some tiin-* to. come. To speak of U^d Riding Hood without th* welf would be like Hamlet without Hamlet or the ghost. The w«if skin, procured at considerable cost from M.-ssrs Alarshall and Sou. of AdelAi.ie, was so renlistic as to causa genuine fright to a good man; young folks, and the slrnirglt between th3 wolf (Mr .VEcDowiill) and the woodman (Mr T Angrave) caused tie greatest excitement Both these gentlemen sung an-l acted with, thei well-known and much appreciated ability Aliss Edward:', as uMiner ot Rs i Iti'lin? iiood, made such ;i captivating littla woman ts to make Hianv susceptible hearts ache * it h Jpecu^iar ardour. , Diirin? the intervals of ihe four acts of - ? the Operetta, Miss Carlile's pupils discoursed sweet 'music au'l gave proof of careful and painstaking training. A duett was played by Missrs R Harrinsrton and E Tardiff, while selections w,-re also given by Misses May Marrie (2), E I'-u-d.ff, and A Close Tlie piano used was h new one of a very superior iriak-, generously lent by Mini: Beckett, i'fmuipil of tlm Girls' Uigli School of Laura. Tne entertainment concluded with the laughable comedy, entitled ' Leave it to Me,* sustained hy Misses Unrli'.e and May Marrie Messrs Spicer, Dennis, JlcDowall and Hamnull Miss Carlile was particularly good as a ' vulgar slavey,1 and Mr Dennis, as a real.Coukni'y coster, vras exeruciatingly fnnnv .ml oiilnH iriili t:lio crrontoafc vim ~ '» witile' Mr Easy was done perfect justice to by Mr Spieer, by no nurfiis his first appear ance on this stage, nor must Mr ;McDowall or Tom Haiuiuili go «iihout their mead of pmise Consirfwnng tiie fascinating * get up ' of Miss May Marrie, it is not to be »-onilerei| at that Mr ilcJ3owH.l found love . making easy ? ? We are glad to say the efforts of Miss CarltL- anc/iier. p-jpils were appreciated, for they were rewarded with a bumper house The audience included several Gladstone residents At the spi-ciai request of many respected townfulk this entertainment will be repealed on Wednesday evening, April 27,: when we hope there will again be a good house. . ? . : .ROWDYISM AT ESTKKTAINMKNTS, — At tWO entertainments given in the Lanra Town . Hall this week the comfort an 1 pteasute of those present were nmrred by the noisy conduct «f several present l)n Monday night especially: Ilie ? larrikin element was very much ih'evideiiLe On previous occasions there have heen noisy demonstrations which have interfered with the -^pleasure of tliosa attending': ami we hope ;-onie steps will be taken to prevent their recurrence Police Court, Laura.— Yesterday morn ing, John O'Brien, aged 49, was charged before Messrs. I. Taylor and J T.. Close, Js.P., with being a pauper and deemed to be a lunatic. Information was given to the police by Mr John Walter. The man had tramped from Broken Hill to Port Augusta, and from the latter place to Mr John Walter's residence, and had been without food. The poor fellow's mind was evidently unhinged, but he was harmless. He refused to go away when food had been given to him Dr Morgan certified to his lunacy and an order was made by the Bench for his admission to the Asylum Mklrosk Items. — On Sundny* last the anniversary of 'he Melrose Weduyan Ohurch was held when tl:e Kev. JT. G. White, of Quurn, preached t « ice to good congregations. — In ihe aftern' on of tbe same dny the Tarcowie Brass band gate a concert in the reserve at Melrose. There was a fair atten dance, and a collection was taken up on behalf of the Sports fund and the bant. Twelve selections weregiven — In common with other . places Melrose was visited with* n severe' storm on Satntdaj' last, and one tenement, suffcre J greatly Mr aud Mrs J Croft were sealed in their hou^e in one. of the back rooms about 16~ panj when the wind lifted th' verandah in front clean a«- ay, leaving not a veetige behind, carrying it over the liou-e a- d dtpositing the scattered pieees in the backyard The niof of the two frant roo:us was also lifted off and carried away l'art of iha ceiling of the bedroom wta torn away, and the wall -plates suiathcd Onaof tbe j-osts of the verandah fell on Um gaframzedroof of the back pirt of the hoase, making a hole in the roof and ceiling of a room w^here -Mr, -Jroft'ti son (a lad tof IS years) was sleeping.— On Raster Monday an accident happened on the sports'' ground. Mi*. -3. WiUiame was in the »ci of getting duwii liom the van, ar.d stood on the nave of tlie wheel. She flipped and fell. Dr l'lckerinp, «f Wilmii-giou, attendbd her, and found th*-t there »as a severe strain of die sinew's of the left leg ? - 