Mining Notes. A Stock Exchange was opened at Broad Arrow on Wednesday. Reported that a ' promising looking' reef ha» been struck in the, Mabel Gordon. TJO much water is the trouble of leaseholders sinking in the vicinity of Lake Carey. A* trial crushing of nine tons from the Royal Victoria South, Southern Cross, was put through last week lor 150/. The last crushing from the Boulder Main Reef gave 44402. from, 204 tons, with an assay of ioz. i2d\vts in the tailings. Central Extended, Southern Cross, last crushing gave 980Z. from 313 tons. By the way, practical miners are in demand at the Cross. Last crushing of 260 tons from Cue Victory United gave a return of 89ioz. The New Caledonia Company at Cue is employing three men to dolly from the last shoot struck. " Australian Mail" wants to know " why. the company take on such a big name as ' The Kanowna Proprietaiy ' when it acquires only 27 acres of ground." Why, indeed ? 60 tons from the Golden Rose (Coolgardie) put through Bayley's No. 1 South last week, gave 90 ozs 13 dwts with n dwts in the tailings. A parcel of 5^cwt. of stone from Mt. Malcolm Proprietaty crushed 6oz. lodwt. i2grs. J(S.A.jf?f Cyanide ihc ton. iedi at>: ttie; ts gave syield ot os Th£ {shilling machinery call oil the Richirond Gem shares will bring itt /.is©©—not quite enough iv erect & ^try. latge battery with all the latest ^Improvements. W. H. C. Lovely,who floated the Bunyip mine in Lonuotij iook-ottip £5000 incashand 115,000 shares as his • tut. An English paper vemuies the opinion that he will Jqsfi bo time;ih > opening up the propcrty^ipthe ousmess ot which he is managing director. Wonder if Bull knows the .equivalent of Bunyip ? He will be disappointed if this mine turns out to be but a ghost of a gold mine. From nearly tvery place on the fields where shafts have been sunk to any depth news is dajly itctived of ihe striking of . m Ac supplies of water. Unless the Foircst scheme io rushed along, the water difficuliy will fdjust itself long before thiee ju«a are passed., v v " • The iSm-cl:iron peper snys "The Reward claim at 'laljja 'lal«.a for which Dr. Rowan yut £ 120,000, shows signs of having b»en overcapitalised." Well, it does look a little bit that way. The Fingalling ccricspcr.dcnt of the (r-ra'dtun JZqvav, \\\ir<s: "Two hundred and fitly ounces of alluvial gold has been picked up, on an alluvial patch close to the "iu>l. Roy" c'aim. One piece obtained weighed sj^lbs. on a butcher's scales, or 4c omKes of solid gold." Reported thai tl^e Eclijjoc lease at Mt. Magnet is under e ffer iu a Syndicate for ^'7000. The rumored locking di..v, <j the Eclipse at Kunanullin,:. 10! • s.s the rumored discovery' of rich < . , t the 84 feet level, and the run.Oi d <:• j/atch of a box of specimens to Liu r . u. . Mr. Lovely, who has r u; , . < from a trip to the northern fields, i;- ei <<usiastic in his expressions o' a i f'.dence in the Niagara, Mt. Mit'toln. Murchison country. Rock drills at the P< <. < v ranee (Sherlaw's) are, it is sa d, saving £14 a foot in sinking, doing wuk »n the diorite for £3, which olhei wise would cost^i 7. r The man who wrote th.it the reef in the Queen of the Earth could be covered with his hat must suner from, chronic swelled head. Som^ of the 1 specimens' are a couple of leet square. They might be covered with another article of head gear—the 4 cap'—of the reef. Mr. M 4 Hinery, the Registrar of Yenlla, has inspected the recent find at the Bullion, and declares it a continuation of the Queen of the Earth reef. Lake View Consols battery of 100 head, will be erected close to the site of the new assay and retort rooms oa the Australia Hill, about Soft above the site of the present battery. This will permit of a substantial fall for the tailings, in the event of its being decided to treat them by cyaniding. During July 301 companies were floated in London with capital of ^5,671,500. GeneralGordon stock, which touched nearly £z a couple of inonths 'ajgo, is now down to 12s, and according to Perth " Herald," " e^f^^&lqnigr; when they are goij^^^^^f^fteia:- their collapse." . If * they will ever • isee they are sent uj * boom, for the "first n>bl the bulk of their stuff on and now distributed in will be more easily accessil .than it was when thousaiif were heJdjntwp 0thr The sale or ihc Highland Mary, Ou^ purchased by an Ifogiish syndi- . catty be c >mp!eicd next month. V. w • . v -i. •'••• Mr.. Gtorge Gray has gone on a northern prospecting- tour, And wil n^ stop irmil Mt. Margaret is reached The " i c ido at Niagara has struck a goU bearing body of stone at Soft. Good :tine from several* of the Menzies iriperties has been oh view Jin town dnring the . week. The Golden Lode is carrying the gold struck at the 50 feet down, an 1 it is likely the property will change hands shortly. A crushing from the Beero at Black Flag was put through last week, 38 tons j>!vm«r 76 oz„ the cak« Wing on view at Mr. J. 14. Smith s office The Beero is to be put 011 the market, and we are informed that 35,000 shares have been locally applied for. The crushing from the Black Piince, with the assay from thi tailings, gave a return equal to to the ton. It is estimated that up to dite about 14000 oz have been won fro n the alluvial in the country about the Great Oversight. The 10-head battery at Mt. Margaret Reward is running full time. c Eastern mine managers complain that owing to the oxodus of men to W.A. competent miners are growing scarcer every day. It is reported tint the crushing now going on at the Cardiff Castle, Wid^emoola, will furnish a rich return, but j thi result will not be made known locally until it has been conveyed to th<* Directors of the Company in j Loadon. j Mr. Derrington, a visitor to the field , has been furnishing some interesting experiments with the devilling rod. He has already locatol sejer.il lodes and various water supplies, bet as most of them are some distance beneath hi surface of the earth, and in u liikely lo^tlitie*, it miy 1»3 that the truth of his discoveries will not be } prove J for some lime. The Compass mine at Menzies about which there was some trouble a time hack is now beitvji vigorously worked, and we aro informed shows every sign of proving a really good provertv, which is not to be wondered at as Menzies is rich 111 gor>d mm.es. The Compass now has one shaft down 75 feet from the base, and they are crosscutting at that level to catch a lode which is being worked in an adjoining claim and has proved very rich. They also have a skaft down 53ft. 011 the underlie. Altogether the Compass is as far as we can learn looking really well, and a few shares in this property oujiht to be worth picking up at present prices. 