" THE HOLY SPIRITS CHIEF OFFICE." BY REV. C. H. Sl'tJKOION. " He shall glorify me, for He shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you. John xvi., 14. The Holy Secure is Our Lord's Glori Elstub want you to keep this truth in your mind, and never to forget it; that which do.' I not glorify Christ is not of the Holy Spirit, and that which is of the H >ly Spirit invariably glorifies the Lord Jesus Christ. Have The eye to this trait in all comforts, If a comfort which you think you need, and which appears to you to be very sweet, does not glorify Christ, look very suspiciously upon it. If, in conversing with an apparently religious man, he prates about truth which he says is comforting, but which does not honour Christ, do not you have anything to do with it. It is a poisonous sweet; it may charm you for a resident, but it will ruin your soul fur over if you partake of it. All ministries, therefore must be subjected to this test ; if they do not glorify Christ, they are not of the Holy Ghost, have an eye to this truth in all religious movements, and judge them by this standard. If they are of the Holy Spirit, they glorify Christ. There are great movements in the world every now and then ; we are inclined to look upon them hopefully, for any stir is better than stagnation; but, by-and-by we begin to tear with a holy jealousy, what their effects will be. How shall we judge them? To what test shall we put them Always to this test. Does this movumontglorify Christ? Is (Jurist preached? Thou therein I do rejoice, you, and will rejoice. Are men pointed to Christ? Then this is the ministry of salva- tion. Is he presided as first and last ? Are men bidden to be justified by faith in Him, and then to follow Him, and copy Ula divine example? It is well. I do not believe that any man ever lifted up the cross of Christ is a hurtful way. If it be but the cross that is seen, it is the sight of the cross, out of the hands that lift it, that will bring salvation. Some modern movements are heralded with great noise, and some come quietly ; but if they glorify Christ it is well. But, dear friends, it is some new theory that is propounded, if it is the old error revived, if it is something very glittering and ! fascinating, and for awhile it bears the multi tudesaway, think nothing of it; unless it glorifies Christ it is not for you and me. Christ needs no new inventions to glorify Him. ' " We have struck out a new line of things says one." Have you ? " We have found out something very wonderful." I dare say you have but Christ, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever wants none of your inventions, or discoveries, or additions to His truth. A plain Christ is over the loveliest Christ. Bring Him out just as He is, the Christ of God, nothing else but Christ, unless you bring in His cross, for we preach Christ crucified ; indeed, you cannot have the Christ without the cross ; but preach Christ cruci- fied, and you have given him all the glory that He wants. The Holy Ghost does not reveal in these last times. any fresh ordinances, or any novel doctrines, or any new evolutions; but He simply brings to mind the things which Christ himself spoke, He brings Christ's own things to us, and in that way glorifies Him. Think for a minute of Christ's person as revealed to us by the Holy Spirit. What can more glorify Him than for us to see His person, very God of very God, and yet as truly man? What a wondrous Being, as I human as ourselves, but as divine as God! Was there ever another like to Him? Never. Think of His incarnation. His birth at Bethlehem. There was greater glory among the oxen in the stall than ever was seen where those born in marble halls were swathed in purple and fine linen. Was there ever another babe like Christ? Never. I wonder not that the wise men fell down to worship Him. Look at His life, the standing wonder of all ages. Men, who have not worshipped Him have admired him. His life is incomparable, unique : there is nothing like it in all the history of mankind. imagination has never been able to invent anything approximating to the perfect beauty of the life of Jesus Christ. Think of His death. There have been many heroic and martyr deaths ; but there is not one that can be set side by side with Christ's death. He did not pay the debt of nature as others do, and yet He paid our nature's debt. He did not die because He must; He died because he would. The only " must" that came upon him was a necessity of all- conquering love. The cross of Christ is the greatest wonder offset or of fiction ; fiction invents many marvellous things, but nothing can be looked at for a moment in comparison with the cross of Christ. Think of our Lord's resurrection. If this be one of the things that are taken and shown to you by the Holy Spirit, it will fill you with holy delight. I am sure that I could go into that sepulchre, where John and Peter went, and spend a lifetime in reverencing Him who broke down the barriers of the tomb, and made it a passage-way to heaven. Instead of being a dungeon and a cul-de-sac, into which all men seemed to go, but none could ever come out, Christ has, by his resurrection, made a tunnel right through the grave. Jesus, by dying, has killed death for all believers. Then think of His ascension. But why need I take you over all those scenes with which you are blessedly familiar ? What a wondrous fact that, when the cloud received him out of the disciples' sight, the angels came to convey him to His heavenly home The Holy Spirit also shows to us the things of Christ in our experience. As we journey on in life, we pass up hill and down dale, through bright sunlight and through dark shadows, and in each of these conditions we learn a little more of Christ, a little more of His grace, a little more of His glory, a little more of His tin-bearing;, a little more of His glorious righteous- ness. Blessed is the life which is just one long lesson upon the glory of Christ, and I think that is what every Christian life should be. "Every dark and bending line" in our experience should meet in the centre of Christ's glory, and should lead us nearer and nearer to the power of enjoying the bliss at His right hand for over and over. Thus the Holy Spirit takes of the things of Christ, and shows them to us, and so glorifies Christ. Beloved, the practical lesson for us to learn in this Let us try to abide under the influence of the Haiti Spirit. To that end, let us think very reverently of Him. Some never think of him at all. How many sermons there are without oven an allusion to Him ! Shame on the preachers of such discourses ! If any hearers come without praying for the Holy Spirit, shame on such hearers ! We know and we confess that He is everything to our spiritual life ; then why do we not remember Him with great love, and worship Him with greater honour, and think of Him continually with greater reverence? Beware of committing the sin against the Holy Ghost. If any of you feel any gentle touches of His power when you are hearing a sermon, beware lest you harden your heart against it, Whenever the Sacred Uro comes as but a spark, Quench not the Holy Spirit, but pray that the spark may become aflame. And you, Christian people, do cry to Him that you may not read your Bibles without His light. Do not pray without being helped by the Spirit ; above all, may you never preach without the Holy Spirit ! Within the little temple of a sanctified heart, Christ is praised, not so much by what we do, or think, as by what we see. This puts great value upon meditation, upon the study of God's Word, and upon silent thought under the teaching of the Holy Spirit, for Jesus says, " He shall glorify Me for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you." If you look to him if you see Him to be a suitable Saviour, an all- sufficient Saviour, if your mind's eye takes Him in, if He is effectually shown to you by the Holy Spirit, he is thereby glorified. Sinner as you are, unworthy apparently to become the arena of Christ's glory, yet shall you be a temple in which the King's glory shall be revealed, and your poor heart, like a mirror, shall reflect His Grace. The crucified Christ is wiser than all the wisdom of the world. The cross of Christ has more novelty in it than all the fresh things of the earth. O believers and preachers of the gospel, glorify Christ ! May the Holy Ghost help you to do so ! And you, poor sinners, who think that you cannot glorify Christ at all come and trust Him, and believe that He will receive you; for that will glorify Him. Believe, even now, 0 sinner at death's door, that Christ can make thee live for thy faith will glorify Him ! Look up out of the awful depths of hell into which conscience has cast thee, and believe that He can pluck them out of the horrible pit, and out of the miry clay, and set thy feet upon a rock, for thy trust will glorify Him ! It is in the power of the sinner to give Christ the greatest glory, if the Holy Spirit enables him to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. Thou mayest come, thou who art more leprous, more diseased, more corrupt, than any other and if thou looking to Him, and he saves thee, oh, thou! thou wilt praise Him You will be of the mind of the one I have spoken of many times, who said to me, " Sir, you say that Christ can save me. Well, if He does He shall never bear the last of it." No, and He never will hear the rest of it. We will do nothing else but praise Christ, and glorify him, if He will bat save us from sin. God grant that it may be so with every one of it, for the Lord Jesus Christ's, pkt 1 Amen. 