GENEEAL NEWS. Off to Iselaxix— Mr. Patrick M'Mahon lias sold the lease of the Great Boulder Hotel, at Kalgoorlie, for .£9,000 to Mr. P. P. Lynch, lately of Coolgardie, and formerly of Broken HilL Mr. M'Mahon is an ex-mayor of Broken HilL With Mrs. M'Mahon he intends to pro ceed at once to Ireland. Eetuest op Mb. John Wilson. —The Mayor of Kalgoorlie, Mr. John Wilson, returned to that town onCcL 29 after his visit to London. He was met at the railway station by many of his colleagues and friends, and was entertained in the evening at the Gotmcil-chamber. &E3TJBS; OF TTTW PbEMTEB. — The train, -which corn-eyed the Premier and party from Bunbury left that torra at 7 o'clock on Oct. 29, and scored in Perth at twenty minutes past 1 o'clock this morning. Something -vent wrong with the engine, or Perth would have been readied before midnight. Gooixjasdie Racing Club. — Our CooJgardle correspondent tele graphed October 29:— The small amount of prize money offered in connection with the* Coolgardie Tfafrng Club's February meeting is occasioning some grumbling. The sum is only ,£500, whereas the Kalgoorlie Club, whose meeting immediately follows, has arranged 'i two-days' programme, and will feLdbuie .£1,000 in prize money. Thb-hh ' Ophohb ' Coh rr.WKii — Our Ooolgardie corres pondent tekgrapbedonOct. 29 : — jTotwifchBtanding the alleged cabled advices re the state of the London market, and the request that the representatrres hers of financial Louses should obtain an extension of options, instructions have just 'been received by a local solicitor authorising the completion of three opiacms over an important mining jropoty. 'Mit, Speight, Jttn. — Mr. Rich ard Speight, jrm ., A T? T.V.A. (son of the late orra-rrmaTi of Railway ConnnisHkiners in Victoria), has *Hm^ii-3T7tfw1 business in Hay-street^ Perth, opposite the Shamrock MoteL Mr. Speight has been 20 Teats in the profession, and was for 10 years in business in. Vic toria. Many of the Toorak and St. Jliida mansions were built from. Mr. Speight's plans, and also the institute of artists and other *^^fi'°ff which adorn Collins-street, Melbourne. Beoad Abeow Bkeweet. — After inquiring into the circum vtances attending the refusal of Warden Troy to grant business licences to the directors of the Broad Arrow Brewery, thereby preventing them from proceeding with the erection of the brewery, ? the Minister of Mines has decided. to grant the application of the directors. The building, which is to cost .£7,000, will be erected as rapidly as possible. Coolgaedie Hospital. — On Oct. 29 William Devine,a telegraph operator, was admitted to the Coolgardie Hospital, .suffering from fever. Devine is a new arrival ?from England. Three other patients ?were admitted, their ail ments being of a minor character. COOI.GAEDIE ChTLDBEN's HOS Jtt»t,. — The balance to the credit of the Coolgardie Children's Hos pital Fund is .£250. The commit tee has engaged for the hospital Mies Richardson, head nurse of the Bnrra (S.A.) Hospital. She is expected to arrive at Coolgardie in about a fortnight. The ladies are furnishing and preparing the hospital for the opening. £aisoobiie Municipal Matters. — On October 29 a very largely attended meeting was held in the 'Miners' Institute to discuss municipal matters. The acting mayor, Mr. Nethercott, occupied the chair, and the following candi dates for eoxmcIUorships addressed the meeting: — John Coombe, Nor- man, JGL Hawkins, W. T. Linton, Owen Graze, M. J. Richardson, and Arthur G. Holroyd. The candi dates all spoke in favor of a vigorous policy of progress in muni cipal affairs. Frozen Peoduce foe the Fields. — The efforts of the Fresh Food and Ice Company to open a wholesale trade in frozen meat, game, &c;, in Coolgardie have not met with support. The company has therefore decided to offer its wares direct to the public. The decision has been hailed with satis faction by consumers. A duplicate plant is being installed at a cost of £1,500, the machinery for which will arrive in about five iffeeks. An additional cooling chamber is to be provided, making a total of four. A second ice-making machine is to be added. The first of the company's retail establishments was opened in Sylvester-street yester day. Should sufficient support be Accorded, branch shops will be opened elsewhere in the town, and in other parts of the goldfields. Eight Houbs Committee. — A meeting of the Eight Hours Com mittee was held on October 29 at Jacoby's HoteL Mr. R. H. Under wood presided. The protests in the Builders' Laborers' and the Youths' races were referred to the protest committee. The sports prizes will be available on Monday, and the ^art union prizes to-morrow. Messrs. Boardman, Bull, and Wood were appointed auditors. Several ac rounts were passed for pavment. A resolution respecting the 'dispo sition of the funds was deferred to \he next meeting. The, M' atob of Coolgabdie. — The Coolgardie Council has voted the Mayor (Mr. MacDonald) .£250 as an allowance for his services during the past year. A T'oTHEBsroER's Opinion. — Writing from Geraidton, A. A. Horan has contributed some in teresting Westralian notes to an Hlawarra (N.S.W.) paper. He concludes as follows: — 'I must say I am delighted with, this country. The climate is admirable. Labor is in great demand, and men do not work nearly as hard as they do in New South Wales. What ever the diversity of opinion may be, to me it has bees a pleasure to come to a country where every avenue of progress is open to in dustry and ability ; where the tide of social advancement rolls with unabated flood ; where ' the gaunt and hungry 'unemployed' has found no place to rest his feet, and where the dismal political cries of older countries have not yet emerged from, the whirlwind of time.' Insasxiaby Drains. — 'House- holder ' (FremantLe) writes-. — It seems little short of disgraceful that, notwithstanding the numerous complaints which haue been pub lished in the press with respect to the insanitary state of the street water- channels in Fremantle, the local board of health, or its executive officer, takes no steps whatever to have the nuisance either abolished or abated. I might mention numerous localities in which, day after day, streams of putrid malodorous matter are run into the streets right under the noses of the inspector of nuisances and the members of the health board, and yet no action is taken. The particular place which I would like to bring under notice is Packenham-street north. Here all the poisonous, evil-smelling, disease- producing water from the houses on either side flows un checked into the street drains, where it either stagnates in the sun, or moves slowly towards Phfflimore-street. If the board of health is willing to allow foul water to be run into the public water channels, then the very least it can do, in order to .keep the town moderately clean, is to flush and sweep the drains. In my opinion, the householders, although dis regarding the by-laws oi the Health Act, are not so much to blame as the health board is. Waste water must be got tid of by some means, and the sooner the members of the board recognise this, and make provision accord ingly, the sooner will they earn the respect of the long-suffering ratepayers. Air Interesting- Ceremony. — A large number of Baptists and others attended at the Trinity schoolroom on October 29, where a baptismal service was conducted bv the pastor of the Baptist church, the Rev. A. S. Wilson. Before the ceremony, the pastor explained, for the benefit of those who were not Baptists that the members of that religion were not faddists. They felt that they were logical and Scriptural, and were in the way that God had led them. Baptism, they contended, was essential to Salvation, and, as far as they could see in the Scripture there was no way of being baptised but by that which they practised. The meaning of the word was complete immersion in the deep baptismal ?waters, and no other form was known or ever re corded. Several who had been baptised testified to their conversion. The pastor then entered a cement bath in the floor of the hall. It was some 10ft. long, 5ft. wide, and about 5ft. deep, and contained 3ft. of water. In his robes the pastor stood in the water, which reached to his waist. One after another, the subjects for baptism descended the steps into the baptismal water, and each separately was grasped by the back of the coat- collar, and ad dressed as follows : — ' My dear Mr. ? , according to your expressed desire, and your profession of faith in Jesus Christ, I now baptise you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' The pastor thereupon immersed the subject, who was then permitted to leave the hall. Five young men were thus baptised. Land Resumption. — Two more arbitration cases in connection with the resumption of land by the Government were heard yesterdav. The first was that of Sarah Ellen Einbeck, who claimed .£2,500 for a piece of land having 67ft. frontage to Roe-street, and on whieh two three-roomed cottages were erected. Mr. Bice Saunders was the arbi trator for the Government, Mr. W. C. Byass for the claimant, and Mr. M. F. A. Canning acted as umpire. Mr. R. S. Haynes appeared for the claimant, and the Crown Solicitor for the Government. The Govern ment offered ,£1,269 for the propertv. Messrs. J. W. Wright, B. C. Wood, J. Hurst, and G. Tavlor, gave evidence for the claimant, and Messrs. E. K. Court hope, J. T. Hobbs, M. F. Cavanagh, and Warkey, for the Government. After counsel had addressed the arbitrators the latter inspected the site, and finally awarded the sum of .£2,060 to the claimant. The second case was that of Mrs. Alice Bullen, who claimed .£1,940 for 4 acres 2 roods 28 yards, of land adjoining the Cottesloe station on the seaside. Mr. Charles was the arbitrator for the claimant, and Mr. Bice Saunders for the Govern ment, and Mr. T. W. Hardwicke acted as umpire. Mr. Haynes appeared for the claimant. Evi dence was given as to the value of the property, and the sum of .£1,260 was allowed the claimant. Garden Islakd. — Intending visitors in the steamer Eleanor to Garden Island on Sunday next will have to leave Perth in' the 10 o'clock train. The steamer will leave Fremantle at 11.15 a.m., and this will give over an hour longer on the island. The steamer will reach Fremantle on the return trip in time for visitors to catch, the 6.35 p.m. train for Perth. Order of the Dragon. — Infor- mation is being eagerly sought at ihe Chinese Embassy in London as to the people who are likely to re ceive decorations in connection with the visit of Li Hung Chang. One of Li Hung's first acts in China will be to submit his recommenda tions to the Emperor, and then -we shall know who are to be the new members of the Order of the Dragon. Kalgoorme's Wives. — The ad vent of the railway to Kalgoorlie has conduced most markedly to the town being domestically popu lated (the local Miner says), and the rapidity of the influx of wives and children is a matter for daily comment. Homes, in the proper sense, have been completed to a surprising extent during the past few weeks, and family life is established to a degree that speaks eloquently for a general faith in Kalgoorlie and its future. The residence areas have in aspect undergone a great transformation. Where formerly men were at morn and eve seen engrossed with be coming seriousness in bachelors' cookery, there are now the familiar evidences of a home-harboring wife and 'kiddies.' Bonded Store for Ejxgooh lib. — A movement is on foot to urge the Government to establish a bonded store at Kalgoorlie. Now that the construction of the Kal goorlie-Menzies railway has been definitely settled, the feeling gene rally prevails that Kalgoorlie must become a distributing centre of the fields. A bonded store in the town is therefore considered absolutely necessary. Trespassing on a. .Lease. — At the Kalgoorlie Warden's Court on Oct. 29, a case came on for hear ing- in which H. G. Parsons pro ceeded against J. H. Chant for having trespassed on the former's lease near the totvn. The defendant had two buildings erected on the lease, and the plaintiff complained that the sale of the lease bad been broken off owing to his title having been imperilled. The warden made an order for .£10 damages, and the forfeiture of the structures on the lease. The Marriage of Jean De Eeszee. — The forthcoming mar riage of M. Jean de Eeszke with the Countess Mailly-Kesle is said to be creating quite a sensation in France. The countess belongs to one of the most aristocratic families, and, in spite of the opposition of her friends, determined upon marrying the great tenor. Their engagement has lasted seven years, and is to be crowned by their marriage in October in Poland. The countess is beautiful and wealthy, and passionately fond of music After the marriage M. de Eeszke will fulfil the engagements he has already ma-ie with M. Grau, and sing this winter both in Lon don and in America, when lie will retire from the stage, and take up his position as a wealthy land owner. '' » ™ **- 111 n n AvrgiJ&o; uiciliuia, ? At Kalgoorlie on Wednesday, Oefc. 29 there was a largely attended meeting of the Mine Managers' Institute of Western Australia at the Semaphore-chambers when Ur. E. D .Thompson, thepresident,occupied the chair. An agreement was ar rived at that the meetings of the institute should be private, and that reports of the proceedings should be subsequently supplied to the press. Mr. T. Power was unanimously appointed secretary. Notice of motion was given regard ing the classification of labor on the goldfields, for consideration at the next meeting. A meeting was arranged to be held next Sunday afternoon, when important ad dresses will be delivered by Signor Vanzetti and Professor Hesse, on a scheme for crushing ore from the fields. From Northam, a number of applications for membership were received, but their considera tion was deferred. Death of a Nun. — Early on Thursday, Oct. 29 Mother Mary Aloysius Kelly died at the Perth Convent of Mercy. The deceased Mother was 74 years of age, and had resided in the colony for over 50 years. She came to the colony in 1846 with Father Salvado, now Bishop Salvado, and a number of nuns to establish a Convent of the Sisters of Mercy, and now the only living sister who arrived in that year is the present Mother Superior. Sister Mary Aloysius was a sister of the celebrated Jesuit, Father William Kelly, of Dublin, who was formerly in Sydney and Melbourne. She had occupied the position of Mother Superior in Perth for many terms, and her exceptional talents enabled her to carry out her duties at the Convent with a great degree of success. About 10 years ago, the late Sister returned to Dublin, and brought out a number of young ladies to join the order in Perth. On Friday, at 7 and 9 o'clock Requiem Mass will be celebrated at the Roman Catholic Cathedral, and the remains will be interred at the Subiaco Cemetery, the cortege leaving the Cathedral at 3.30 on Friday afternoon. 