ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. CONSCIENCE DOES MAKE COWARDS OF US ALL." 1<EI>"G AN ELECTION r.VE DUEA.M. (BV MoI'OKE.) With ai*W* 'o SS.xoep<u.-w an J Kiflta.-d IIIfi,-«nt: Couimittee-room oi a, cei-Uin Ministerial candidate. Kntcr n Premier, follow bv several of his lrll->w Mini^rerr. I re.: What-o'clock is it' Cii. Srr.: s supper Liiiio, riiief -. twelve o'clock. Pre.: 1 11 sup but snydi tn-ui-b Give mosoiue breiul ami i i' [ My mmd is easier than n Are mv enmmiuct men .uert Cfj. Sec.: Th-.-v I'liief, and confident to hooL , , P. Hood Tn .-.surer. ii.e thee to thy charge. l.se cireful vutcli, cu"u»o gcoti and trusty scru- Unetlis. Treat. : I go, my Chief. Pre.-: Keep skinned your eye to-morrow, gentle Treasurer. Treat,. You lvt your life, my Chief. Pre.: U'Louclilin. ffl.rru .h.: f.i- 1'rr.: feud out a C'OS'CUOT of Irish blood Tr .ill the. Catholics, ?jid bid them vow \\\ .-L]i all their nuulbc-l-s, early in the day. T .-st, 1 p'ccli.". urr, f.ill into the >'jLik cave Of dread defra-, - (To Hin. ot Kduc.) Bring out the >tr£r.merr- soon., that my touts are loud and not too drank, fiilleu. (Hi.: Good Chief. f-'aVst thuu that lr-nlar in The lirgistr.r, dealing wii^i all my past. And threatening disclosures umiesired? Gil.: This morn the Inendlv l>re5s a leader had Praising thy worth, and bidding voters use Their utmost power to place thee of the poll Upon the to p. Pre.: So, 1 I: arc satisfied. Givo r,ie a lemon squash. I have that Liphtness of spirit,'nor the lively Tiiat I was wont to have. I'd be alone. [Eznmt. all bid Premier, icho ties on a tahle, wl.ich errata He deeps. Ghtut uf r.i\fnuu:lliiirtlicanten.ai-i(cs.] (.-tort: Let me sit heavy on thy chcst Think not that womankind so shallow is A s to forget thv past deeds and thy life ; Thoo, who opposed our •fra.ncbisement until It seemed pood policy to prant it us. Then turned. Despair therefore, and fear fflost of Sj-pinr/s Bank Ccnjisrnt-ian KUlCWKE.1 C.iS When I "before the House waa well dis- And found unneeded hy the populace, Vou, for that vou were smarting 'neath defeat, Kvolved the present State Bank in my stead That thev you would assist with others' gold Might have b. sbad"wy semblance of their wish, The ) might have done is worth. To-morrow in the conflict think of us, And fall from then thy power. IIrepair and fail. \ Ghost erf the late Uctptial Board aria*.] Gkost: Dream of thy usurped and misused p Let us be lead upon thy bussemi, Charles, And weigh thee down to ruin, ahsme, dafeai- The IateSoArd'a insults bid thee fear the poll. [Ghost or Xrw Zealand Treaty arixs.] Ghost: The treatv thou piytended wae for good Oi the producer?, wham it wav With perturbations now Hiy si. full. To-morrow during voting think oi me. And on thy cherished power grow lo< thy E of I, • Blvjji 1 : Kemember us to-morrow m the fray. We will be active in the minds of men, And whhrpcr of thi To injure thee and bring About defeat. [GAofrt of Su John CMon. miev.} : The first was I to help thee into power. Among the last to feel thv tyranny; Oh! in the hattle think thou of Colton, And faint in fear at thine iiwratitade. Dream on, dream on of Muffs, deceits, and pride. Fainting, despair-despairing, yield thy j Hnvc men-v Heaven: Soft, I did but dream. Oh : coirard consrierce how rtrat thou afflict me, Cold, fearful drops stand out npon my flesh. What, do 1 fearmrself? There's none lse by. T'retnier loves Premier. That is I am L Is theroa traitor here? No. Y'es, rmone. Then tlv. What from mvself ? > ot very much. I love nrvKelf, and will do all To ploaso myself, and of mvself speak well As Berer/i I've done. \"et I do flatter. Mv conscience hath a thousand several tongue*, And every tongue brings in its sorerrJ tale, i ns soon ss nia.de. Bluff after bluff passed off npon the House; TCulivings, alrasinps, and threAtfnin!^ Thrpnp to the bar crying ail—Guilty ! griilty '. I slinu despiur. There's no crr«itnro loves me, \nd if I fail no soul Kill nc. > i>. irtierrlnr-. t'aould they, mum that I myself Find in myself no pity fur myself'' Oh! ^frightful < r:'oci>,T7i: Nay, my good Chief, "hadows. Pre.: By the Apostle Paul shadows of truth. More fear may cost—none can this deny .Than twenty thousand shadows of a lie. 