CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CON- FERENCE. In connection with the Seventh Day Adven- <*> tist Conference the president continued the study of the book of Ephesians at the early morning meeting of the camp on Tuesday. 1 he morning session was taken up with matters relating to the Sabbath-school Association, Pastor W. H. L. baker, the president, being in the chair. Miss Graham, the secretary, gave a brief statement of- the year's work. There were 25 schools under the direc tion of the association. They had contributed well to the missions in China and to the colored people in the Southern States. This Tear they would be asked to give to and pray tor tbe mi&sion; in India. God had seemed to always prosper most those who did most for others. This had been especially true of the Sabbath-school donations. Mrs. Farnsworth addressed the meeting on the subject of what: practical means might be adopted to enable children to earn the money they gave. Waminfr jt greatly enhanced its value to the children. Pastor Hashyll took the morn ing service, and preached on " How the Bible should be read." All Bible words were peculiar. Behind every thought expressed there was an infinity ot meaning. The human mind could not compass it. The man who thought he knew the Scriptures knew nothing. I The Bible had declared it so. Take such an ? expression as "in the beginning." Could anyone say when that was ? All that could be understood of the Bible must be made plain by the Bible; man must not be allowed to in terpret it for us. If people would believe just what the Bible said, whether, they understood it or not, God would give them under standing in His way. He bad pro mised them understanding in all things. The preacher's mission was to take the Gospel to those who did not know it. Those who knew it could get on without preachers if they chose. The Bible was spoken for all time. What God said to Moses He say? to us. As Mary listened at her Master'c feet we, in this enlightened century, would have to do the same. God only taught these who knew nothing themselves. The people who were taught of God through their Bibles were the only ones who would stand in the great sifting time in the last days. Mis.-White's " Health talks" were continued at 2 o'clock. She said an essential element in true Christian education was a knowledge of physiology. Mankind should know that they were " fearfully and wonderfully made." How oenld ?person be expected to preserve a "blameless" body who was entirely ignorant of how to treat that body? In their ignorance, selfishness, gluttony,' and lust men were destroying what' God intended should be temples of the Holy Ghost. The world was getting back to antediluvian wickedness. We need not be surprised; Christ had said it j would be so. Out of. that time of almost universal godlesanees a people bad been chosen for salvation. God was doing that now. He was asking fur a sacrifice without spot or blemish. That must be true of body and soul, and of children as well as men and women. Habits of temperance and abstinence could not be started too soon. ' In a land such as this, abounding in grains and fruits, why should little children or adults be fed on the carcases of dead animals, on butter and pastry, and the numberless condiments and stimu lants of the modern household? : Surely Christian parents ought to Bee to this.- People partook of the nature of the food they ata. Animal food could only produce animal appe tites and passions. It was impossible to nave a pure mind in an impure body. More than fins.' It was well known that almost all the flesh of animals, in thesedays, was diseased. Good oald water and* pure air "had also a great deal to do with a pure body and souL "Plenty of both could be heartily recommended to all Cleanliness was a part of godliness They must keep themselves pore even as' the cost of being called peculiar. They must take -up the cross and bear it. God would see them through. ?'.'?' Tbe S o'clock service was taken by Pastor Hasken, who preached from Math. ii, 16— "for out of Egypt have I called mv son." The seventh chapter of Daniel was made tbe basis of Pastor famsworth's address in tbe evening. He spoke to a" crowded congrega tion. He said the purpose of the giving of prophecy was to enable Bible readers to locate 'the Church in all ages. He (the speaker) was one of the mm who believed the whole Bible. Christ was just as surely the author of the Old Testament as of tbe New. The prophecy -of .Daniel had the further commendation of being quoted from by Christ, who said—"Whoso readeth, let him understand." Daniel wae given to be understood. Let them ' try to understand some of it to-night Toe figures in Daniel needed no explanation. That they referred to kingdoms was spoken in the book. The lion of Babylon, the bear of Medo-Penda, and tbe leopard of Groeoia would be passed 6 m rapidly for want of time. The fourth beast without a name could represent no other than pagan Some. Out of its head grew 10 home —the 10 kingdoms into which Rome was divided. ' Three of these gave way to the'rme of "the little bom* I—tbe1 —tbe Papacy. We knew how far this prophecy has been fulfilled by turning over in our minds the records of history. After the work of "the little horn" was done there remained but one thing,' and that wac for "the Ancient of' Days* to ?U in judgment. Were they prepared for that? He would appeal to every sinner present to prepare; and in the consummation poteen, with "die saints of tils Most High," the Kingdom lot ever. 