THE TRIP OF THE LORNE CRICKET CLUB. [BY "CLEAN DOWLED." To the west and away we started. It was just six o'clock, and we were comfort ably ensconced behind as good a team of horseflesh, as could be seen in a day's march- But who, pray P Why the Lorne cricket team, of course-a jovial good hearted lot of boys, indeed, fresh from the briny And with smilinr faces all They hark to their captain's call, Victory, victory, hear him cry Bravel ]ad, Tie but to do and not to die. On, on we went, tearing down hills the while, then slowly ascending, giant trees towering above us on either side; impene trable gullies of magnificent grandeur appeared almost beneath us, dotted as they were with the beautiful tree-ferns, lent an aspect of unsurpassing splendour. Onward, still onward the coach rattled, the crack of the whip resounding through the hills tended to waken and put new life into an old-time jack-ass, who was sitting on an adjacent stump looking with evident satisfaction at the bones of a snake be had but recently picked. As soon as the coach passed he set up a noisy laugh of derision to the hearty gesticulations of we jolly cricketers. And what were they doing all this time you ask P Oh, we were enjoying ourselves all right, I'll promise you, iMr Editor. Numerous little anecdotes were related on the way, consultations on cricket matters took place, se me even aspired to become prophets, and prophe sied that so-and-so would make such-and such a score, others took things more calmly and became studiously wrapped in thought. perhaps far distant, else near at hand. No matter, that's neither here nor there. We were out on tour, and had a right to please ourselves what little pas timues we indulged in. All in good time, Benwerrin was reached, where Hostess Mi'Donald had a -steaming hot breakfast awaiting us to satisfy the famishing appe tites of our deplentshed stomachs. We were soon satisfied, and the driver's cry, "All aboard," brought us to our feet once more. We went rattling along until Deans' Marsh was reached, where driver Mountjoy changed steeds. This did not take long, for in quicker time than it takes to whistle Jacky Robinaon we were sailing away on our road to Birregurre, which place was reached within the hour, lauding us at the station with thirty minutes to spare to wait for the train. Punctual to time the iron horse came puffing along; all was bustle and stir for the moment, the porter's well-known cry, " Hurry on there, please" could be heard above the din and clatter of voices. We pushed our bags and baggage in as best we could, then followed ourselves. The next second the train was in motion and we were off. What a glorious sensation to find yourself spinning through space. I have certainly been in faster trains than the one men tioned, but one notices a great dfllerence sitting behind an iron horse travelling at the rate of about forty miles an hour to being behind the live animal going at about 10. However, we soon arrived at Winchelsea, where we were courteously received by the genial Mr Montague Smith, who is looking lar ercellence alter his prolonged tour through the continent. His liberal generosity at all times did not forsake him on this occasion, as he had a conveyance waiting to convey our luggage to the hotel, and there was no small quan tity of that commodity, I can assure you, as we had to look to our Sunday go-to meetings as well as our laurels. A stroll from the station, with Mr Smith acting both as guide and friend, brought us to the Barwon Hotel, at which place Host Doherty had a sumptuous dinner in pre paration. A soda and lime juice, a good wash and a change into flannels, proved very refreshing and encouraged a keen appetite, when a person is blessed with such a feeling. What a pleasure it is to hear the gong sounding for dinner, and the genial host had very little trouble in mustering us up to partake of it, as we were all comfortably seated round the board when the last tinkle was dying away. Host Doherty is a hearty and good natured fellow-the right man in the right place. We found nothing wanting. A warning from the captain to eat sparingly found no favour in our eyes. We ate heaitily and had a good shilling's worth for our trouble. A quiet smoke and lounge passed half an hour away. We then ad journed to the ground, where the local team were awaiting our pleasure. A quiet little confab brought in a true bill that as there was no need for delay the sooner we started the quicker. Up went the lucky coin; " Heads " cries our ganger-heads it is and we face the howlers. I do not in tend to give you a detailed account of the play, as I am afraid I will be encroaching rather largely on your valuable space, sufiee it to say that the Lorne team were dismissed for i5 runs, after a very careful and prudent innings, The bowling and fielding of their opponents was exceellent, and reflects great credit to the tears. At this stage of the game, and with such . strong eleven to combat, we were certainly very anxious, but never lost confide:nce (like a good many people it Victoria have done), and that goes a long day when anyone is placed on their mettle. Our skipper had his eyes to business and his men behaved right well, with the issue that the Wincheleas team were dismissed for 58 runs, or 7 behind oar score. Thus the tension of our minds was relieved for the time being, everyone admitting that it was the hardest fought battle the two teams hbar bad as yet. In the evening Mr l. H. busith entertained the two elevens at tea at the Barwon Hotel, when ample justice was done to all the good things provided. Mr A. L. Campbell, cap tein of the local team, proposed the toast of "'Tlhe Lorne Cricketers," and. brirefly referred to the pnjoyable game just spent, and asked his teaim to drink their health with musical hsnor?, which ns done right l?lsVly. Mr E. Iiountjoy, our worthy helmoari,l r turned thanks in an appro priate manner, reminding the compahy of the glorious uEpcertajrty of cricket, and remarking in a jecular manner that if the local c!eb had manrnaged to secure only eight ru?ns mre victory :ouu'd tave reoted with them. ?ie OlsOnsksd thle members of his team to dirk Ithe heclith of the Win chelsea eleven witLh muiesical honors, whici they did :.s only boys from the gosa-side can, These gentlemen, Cincnipding ttr President of lhe club (Mr Grose), re turn-d thalrnks to Mr Smith for his kino nesa in :askinrt them together to pa, ,khe of his hospitality. Thati gentleman, who had been oc:u.vrpying his time in disecting fow!o, turkeys, sucking pIigs, te, very ably and humorously rcpocded. The company then dispersed, with a feeling of pence and plenty pervading them. Thie next item on tbp programme was tLe sccial, for which peopie frsoi all parts of tihe district were mt?tering, so.- icc l)pggies, sole on horse bhck, snd nit a f~ C pjychLs. There was fully en tour to spare; anm apsipt ss;oke and a read helps (6 d ie.t onde'd tea, Time pisses awa y, though, tind it was not long befor e e oued ourselves at the shire hall. Pancing p:·prnenctd about nine o'clock, and by tiro time 70 couple had arrived, and the youth and Lsauly of the p.nce were there ai semble:l, and the fun wao fast and fpriout. I)aneing wasC relieved at times by , oqng, bhen a recitation. Mr Martin tlJlan .f.qvred the cmopan' with his "canoe" song-- fp??cy sot1. of your readers have heard thot sosg before. However, I think Mr Gullan can pu a few of the younger ones in the shade, leastways he did that night. I heard a horrible punster remark to his fair one during the evening, "'Can-oo sing better than that, dear." She replied, "Do not be such a *.~.gnoodle" and gave him a smart pinch, .tre,xsaool medicine in such extreme cases. Sta;'" on weut ~he danrce, and joy was cer tainly uitlPreUd. Iy ,bie supper had sbeen partaken of. atid & yitglo eo pupper it was too. Everythin' W is there, .irog; a lobster to pernut. I will not oter into an account of {he difflerent viands provided, because I am sferinag from an overtack of "indebustion," and t icel sure that wseid only accelerate the complaiet and make mttters worse for me. Mr Orchard had control o tl~y catering arrangements. and, I think, it is harbsly necessary for me ao say that he was a seeoas Skinner, so peafefly was neverything carried out. Alas, atigood things have an end, and Mr Smith's.retqrn social liothe teood folk of Wincheleea was draTing to a close, wearyi dancqrs were beginning to dispere .to Stheir homes, :Klhg Daylight was taking command, and at length;the last straggler was seen wqnding his way from the hall, .ma .tbht wise , doLl QOieint servant. ori like a brave captain, I was the last to leave the ship. An hour or two's sleep and breakfast was ready. It was a very hurried repast, for it took us all we knew to catch the train to Birregurra. However, we caught it, and were soon settled at Pen gilley's Hotel. Dinner was soon on the board, and that little matter fixed up we hied our way to the ground-the prettiest little oval, I think, in all Australia, that is for a country place. It reems to me so happily situated, with the Barwon flowing past in the fore-ground and the pine ridge at the hback. The Birregurra boys know how to look after a good thing when they get it, as the ground and everything in connection with it is kept in splendid order. Well, our pilot, as I said before, had his eye to business, and soon had the copper spinning in the air. Down it came; anxious moments were they; Birre gurra had won the toss, and elected to put us in. E. L. Seymour and Andrew Dalway opened to the bowling of M'Sweeney and Cherry, two well-known Irundlere. Runs came pretty freely, despite the good bowling. Our men were playing with extreme caution. ti'Sweeney sent down a clinker to Seymour, which effected a separation-1 for 19. W. Wilson was next in and runs came quickly. Dalway was playing sound cricket. The telegraph showed 1 for 44, when Armytage sent down a snoiter, and Willie Wiison retired l.b.w., havinr made 11 runs as his share f the snore. Harry Wilson then partnered Dalway, but was sent back to the pavilion for a " duck," 3 for 44. The Rev. A. lBrain then took possession of the willow, Army tage and M'Celluan were" trundling. The latter opened to Br.lir, who imsce diately seut-one to the bounduy for three, Dalway snicked a couple; Brain ripeated the dose with another fine hit to the fence amid-t great cheering. Armytage got command and runs came slower. T'he batsmen seemed set; Pen lley 'was tiied and dismissed Brain, 4 for 60, enough to make the heart of any captain rejoice. D Stirling then came into contact with the bowling; M'Callum was sending them down like lightoing, and Dave got one or two nasty ones on the shin', rather an unen viable experience. Dalway played back to a fast one, and knocked his wicket over. He retired with 28 to his credit, and re ceived quite an ovation on his way to the pavilion, 5 for 62. S. Lambell then partnered Stirling, and the pair kept the field fairly active; Lambell snicked one off to Mt'Callum into slips, which was smartly taken by Cherry, 6 for 73. W. Stirling joined his brother. The partnership did not last long, as Dave hit up a nasty one from Pengilley,which washeld byM'Callum. The remainder of the wickets fell rapidly, the telegraph showing 10 for 85, when the last man lelt his crease. Birregurra were confident of victory, and went to the wickets with the fixed determination to do their level best. The first two wickets fell rapidly, until M'Sweeney measured his crease. He soon made things very lively. for our side, cutting both Laambell and Stirling to the boundary time after time. He wao the only man that made a stand, and played good cricket, never giving the slightest ghost of a show to the field until he fell a victim, being unfortunately run out. It was a well played innings of 35, and evoked wreat enthusiasm. After the veteran left the matting there were only two players to go in, for Birregurra to pin their faith. The telegraph showed 7 for 70; of this number 12 were byes. Harry Wilson's howling was uustopable (Co use a not very grammatical expression), both in front of the wicket as well as behind. It did not take him long t) dispose of the remaining batsmen. An the close of the innings Birregurra's score stood at 74, or just21 behind ours. We had the pleasure of securing a well deserved victory. Tele grams w, re at once sent conveying the good news to the people at Lorne, where I feel sure it was received quiteloyally. We took tea at Cherry's Commercial Hotel, and a very enjoyable repast it proved to be. Driver lount-joy was the first to finish, and soon had the horses fixed up. Shortly before 8 o'clock we set sail from Birregnrra to the tune, "Three cheers for the red and blue," a newly composed song by Mr Sh. H. Smith. I would have given you the words and music too, for tie matter of that Mr Editor, but I find on enquiry that Mr Smith has had them copyrighted, so will refrain from doing so for fear of having board and lodging gratis for a time. We sang the song right merrily; we were a jovial crew from a jovial place, and meant to have a jovial time. The night was gloriously clear, the air keen and biting; Lunar shone out brightly, and seemed to inspire our very souls with fun. One wit exclaimed that we were simply behaving like lunar-tics; not so, Mr Editor, we were a well ordered lot. For the sispper's eyes were on us, He couldn't take them off,. Tut TarU says he, why all this fuss, Strikes me you've hat enough. At, ah.," ays we brave captain, We're oat on tour you see, So just for this, one only once, TWe want t to be merri. Blsht bower, me boys, the skipper cried Go at it with all your might, ' Ti yielyctor Victory," side by side. We'll orrey to Lorne tlis night. And so we went sailing along until Deans' Marsh was reached, where we were quickly shipped into a new coach, and were soon rattling away over bill and dale, singing the while, next debating on different topics. The demon Punster was there, and had his share in the business. During a little conversation about'a certain mite we had met on the voyage up, one of the number was heard to remark that if the being was present he'd mulitate him. Ah ! says another, that would perhaps be by mutual agreement not to be out in the cold. I chimes in with, gentlemen, pray don't do anything so rash,if it were simply to mutually, bate the person, it would be more feasible. What's that says a worthy son of Erin, springing from a neighboring corner, if I had anything to do with the scoundrel, I'd mutially 'ate the baste, and so the time passed pleasantly along until Mrs MlDonald's place was reached, where a first-class supper was in readiness for us. Tlhis over we gave the good hostess three loud ringing cheers before departing. We were on our journey once more, and things were quickly humming. The enterprising Smith quicrkly arranged a programme, and loored uis all for a song, sing or not sing, He called upon the skipper first, who rendered his song, ' The MILidshipmite," .in a truly nautical manner, W. Stirling, our veteran bowler, was next, and rendered his littlp portion very pathetically of choruses (npt to put to fine a point on) each song had its chorusoes, and they were suog not in accents sweet and low- - Bat we heaved it off our chests, In notes loud long and clear, So that no trumping discord Murred the artist's listening car. The fair Montague himself then favored the company with the appropriate song, "Rook Me to Sleep." Ha has a lovely thrilling voice, but anchored himself rather ukpb op the B fisat system. Perhaps the genyle refrain was wafutig lhin like a good many others, in D.eamland. Bb prkI What wais thkt ? C duld tb~ be theoa of the wavoes, :or was it buf the wind. "Breakers ahead," sbouted the shipper, and there they were, dashing with resistless for?p apainst the hide b'ound rock, as if in wantoi desirei t ihrow' Victoria off its iingea. le vere just dqac oding the' hill into Lornea Whaf panorA ma lay before us. The villige lay wrapt in solitude. xcepit for the roar of the wives'all seaued pe?fect peace. 'te twinkle of a lamp could just bi scan at" the Torne Hotel. Host Booke had evidently scaited up to receive three cheers, and he got it, too, right heartily. The annual tour of the Lorne Cricket Club was at an end. Good night, good night, and sleep, gentle sleep, bestole our weary eyes, "HEATiN) 's PowERa" destroys Buns, FLEAs, Ioone, BBleT?IS, and all other ineste, wthilst quite harmless to domestic ?.enimsl. Au exterminating Beetles the suoceds of this Pbowder .f extraordinary. It is perfectly clea in ppliabjsnou, Fee the article you purchase is "lf rIEaTIs, ws imitations are noxious aiid ineffeetual. "od' iq tins, 6d, Is and 2s 6d eancl by' a chemrsate. S.Var~ 5L5 Drsosv rr y?ea HBarr-I! your tair is turning grey or white, ?o? fallig of. usee "The Mactelc Hair Renewer,.' for it ,rdt ;,ositit IV ssrtoe' is every toe'GOey er Thite haer to itsl erigifal eolor, without leaving the dlsrereahle imellof most "Restorers." 'It makes the hair charmingly beautifal, as well as pprometing the* 'guibwt of tshe hir oa baldpots,'lwherd the gtshds sre not deciyed. Ask ysur Chemist for "Tee BFxceCas R am RianwesR ;" s01d ho Chemislo snd Pegfumara dvirysihas at Os edl per bottle. Whole 13, .. .. d ss Load"" ' ledo ' i" 