Contributors' Column. (Contributions intended for this column should be addressed to "Euphrosyne," care of Editor ot the "Journal.") "Anglo-Australian" writes from an English country house under date January 29: "This year began very soberly'through the trouble of the three A's-Armenia, America, and Africa; and presents came slowly from purses which have felt the scare of the War Ghost. Here they came entirely in the form of house decoration, a neat black-legged pot to hold wood for the fire; a diminutive flour dredger to hold pepper on the dinner-table; a funny white owl to do duty as hall lamp; cheap and pretty. We are a month past the shortest day, and as yet have had no .very biting cold, and we can count six days of sunshine since the year began. A curious change at dances is that programmes are dis- carded; partners have to trust to their memory to keep appointments. One young lady said sadly, 'I heard the man who had engaged me for a dance say, "I can't find the partner who pro- mised me this dance," and there I was standing beside him, hut of course I couldn't speak.' A young man remarked 'It's good for the girls, they can give us up if they like ; of course, we never cut a girl out if we can help it.' Several members of good families are training for pubic singers; if they are going to join an opera com- pany they may not sing at concerts, but only at private receptions. Christmas opens ¿ll hearts. It is touching to see on the roads young and old people moving about in odds and ends of cast-off clothes; exactly like aboriginals, except that their faces are white. They have been va- grants for many generations. They will drop in to the various workhouses and there spend a happy Christmas-roast beef, plum pudding, oranges, cakes, toys, &c.; One very large school is for boys who have been once convicted. Their Christmas fun was a dramatic entertain- ment, and the acrobatic feats of these embryo thieves were highly amusing. Let us hope their education in this new sphere will be successful." "Música" writes to say that some of the read- ers of the "Journal" who had the pleasure of hearing Madame Enriguez sing in Sydney last season, may be interested in a few short extracts from a letter lately received from her. She says: "I have been very busy with country en- gagements since my return, and have been very little in London. I sang at a big concert at St. James's Hall, however; it was packed to the doors. The Lord Chief Justice of England de- livered a wonderful address, also the Duke of Norfolk. Business in the country towns is better for complete works of music than for ballad singing. Peoplearesick of song after song. Sims Reeves has been doing the Empire, and I hear he is off to Manchester for the same thing. The taste of the British public has undergone a great change; they like music halls; it won't last more than a few months; then they will return to singing. I have done splendid work since I came home, and have nothing to complain of, though I hear that every town in England has lost money this season." 