noniiwiu CHAPTER VII. — (Continued.*) The carriage rambled away, ancl Cyril fumed at the miserable progress that was xnade v/lion tliey liad left the beaten tracli. ' How foolish of me not to telegraph to the earl !' he thought. ' It will be midnight Tmfnvfi I reach home at this rate.' Then he saw that it was useless to grumble and tried to fancy what Amy was doing at that precise moment — tried to fancy how alio would look when her eyes rested upon him again ! At last the horse pulled up for a spell of rest at the top of a high hill, that looked down tipon the lights of the village of Queenswood, lying in a valley two miles away. Cyril sprang out of the carriage to stamp Iiis feet and beat his numbed hands together. 'We shall do it by half-past nine, sir,' the driver announced, cheerfully. ' Lor' ! I never felt colder than on this 'ere hill.' He helped himself to a nip of whisky from a pocket-flask, and Cyril gazed at the lights of Queenswood glimmering like glow-worm* In the distance, and his eyes became misty ivith tears. The road was more even at this point, and at half-past nine the carriage rumbled through \- tho street that was so dear to his boyhood clays, past the tavern where Jim Brooks reigned ' .supreme, and, busy as the tradesmen were, they paused to gaze at the vehicle as it passed their shops. ' Drive to the rectory,' ordered Cyril. 'I ?want to alight there. You can then take my luggage to the Hall.' His heart was now beating into his throat ?with mad leaps ; and as the carriage turned into tho lane that led to the church the bolls rang out a w'ild .peal of molody. There woro lights in tho' rectory, and he pictured his faithful darling waiting for him. The carriage stopped, and he reeled as he ?touched the sidewalk. ' Take my luggage to the Hall,' he said, .lioarsely, to the driver. ' Stay ! I have not paid you yet.' He gave the man a handful of silver. He' did not attempt to count the coins, because lie knew that such a feat would be impossible now. His brain reeled and his knees shook under him. ' Thank you, sir, thank you !' the cabman said. ' A real gent you are ! Merry Christ mas to you, sir, an' many of 'em !' Then he was gone, and Cyril Leveaon was clinging to the rectory gate for support, the ?self-same gate at which ho and Amy had parted four years since — had parted with tears and|vows of eternal constancy. ! At last he opened it and ran down the path. He rang the door-bell,, and his call was obeyed by a little gentleman, with keen, smil ing eyes. . 'Ah! good-evening !' stammered Cyril. ' Is ,Mr. Carleton within ? I wish to see him particularly.' ' No, sir ; Mi\ Carleton does not reside here now,' was the reply. ' He has resigned owing xo iiuiiiig iieiuwi. Cyril Leveson clutched at his heart. ' I am the new incumbont,' the gentleman ?continued. ' Perhaps I can be of service to you ?' ' No, no. I must see Mr. Carleton and his niece, Miss Carloton. I have travelled thou sands of miles to see them. What an infernal dim those bells are making.' ' Will you please step in one minute, sir ?' said the new rector. _ There was pity in his gentle tones, pity in ?his eyes. ' If I am not mistaken, yon are Mr. Cyril Leveson. I know something of .your story, ?and I have heard from Lady Margaret G'res ham that you aro expected homo again.' ' My name is Cyril Leveson,' replied the young man. ' You say that you know some thing of my story ? If that is so, tell me if all is well with Miss Carleton.' -Again that ugly dream came back to him, that aveam that had mado a coward of liita on board the City of Trinidad.' . You are a man, sir, and can bear a shock,' the new rector said, in tones of genuine dis 1 tress. Can it be that yoa are prepared for evil news r '{, ,'1 1 waiting !' criod Cyril, hoarsely, . ! do y°u not seo tllafc this torture is killing me ?? Tell me the worst; I can bear it; I am cairn now,!' ' My dear, fellow,' the rector said, ' I pity you from the bottom of my heart. Miss Amv Carleton is dead !' * ? For a full .minute Cyril made no sound: then lie whispered, hollowly : 'Dead! My darling dead! When did she die?' ' Twelve short days since, Mr. Leveson, after a long illness. She believed you to be dead, at the bottom of the sea.' Cyril stood as moveless as a statue, no sound ?escaping him, until the minister besought him to come in out of the bitter night air. ' Dead !' he shrieked. 'My darling is 1 „rlinen'y Christmas, indeed ! Curse the bolls . Why should they jibe at me in my sorrow ? Curse them, I say !' With a furious gesture, ho turned and strode away. CHAPTER VIII. A LETTER PROM AMY. 'Poor fellow!' muttcrel the new rector; ' poor fellow ! I cannot lot him go alone in that frame of mind. ' _ Darting to a coat-rack in tho hall, he quickly enveloped himself in an ulster and hurried after Levcson's reeling figure. _ ' Mr. Leveson ! Mr. Loveson ! ho said. ' Perhaps you would like to seo Mr. Carleton ? He lives hero still — just over the hill, in a place called Willows Cottage. ' Cyril turned aud started at him with blood shot eyos, then he seemed to comprehend, for he nodded his head. It was bitterly cold, and the snow that whirled in their faces cut like flying bits of steel, but Cyril felt his body was on fire, while his heart was as cold as death. The Willows was far removed from any other dwelling-place, but to-night there were several of the windows brightly illumined, and.Leveson muttered : ' Heavens ! Can it bo that thoy are merry making here, too ? ' Tho minister led tho way to the door? ho rang the bell, aud whispered hastily to Mr. Meade, who opened it to him. ' I want to see Mr. Carlton alone for one minute. Most important. ; Tell him that it is Mr. Walker.' .. . ?? The old housekeeper looked curiously at the tall dark form besido him, bade them come in, and went away. Mr. Walker eyed Cyril doubtfully ; then, he whispered: . , - ? ' I do not think I can do any further good here, Mr. Leveson. The scene before you and Mr. Carleton it sure to be a painful one— a scene wherein I have no right to intrude. Take comfort from me, my dear fellow, aud believe how deeply I sympathize with you. The Lord's will be done. ' ' That makes it none the less hard to bear,' Cyril groaned. ' I have no pleasant thoughts of Providence and providential kindness just now. My heart has been ruthlessly broken ; my whole life blasted ! Don't talk to mo of the goodness of Heaven!' Mr. Walker grasped his hand fervently. ' I will walk to the Hall with you if you will permit me,' he suggested. 'No, thank you; I prefer to be alone,' was the ungracious retort. ' Good-night, Mr. Leveson.' ft The rector stepped softly and swiftly out of the room. He knew that he was wanted there no longer — he knew that his presence would only add to the misery of tho scene that would be sure to follow. He closed the door behind him, and within a few moments Mr. Carleton walked to the room wherein Cyril was awaiting him. He had no idea that any other except the new rector was there. The minister- of ten came making inquiries about parish matters, for he had not yet quite fallen into his new harness easily. ? So he walked through the hall- way unsus pectingly,- and opening the sittiug-room door, stood face 'to face with Cyril Leveson ! ' Merciful God !' he ejaculated. 'You?' 'Yes, it is I, Mr. Carleton; I have come home at last ; I have come for Amy. What have you done with her P' He snoke almost fiercalv. and the old man cowered as though to evade a blow. ' What have I done with her ?' he stam mered, his face growing red and white by turns, his hands clasping, and unclasping, nervously. ' Cyril, my boy Cyril ! I thought that you wero drowned ! This shock has com pletely unmanned me.' He fidgeted about the room, Cyril watch ing him the while with a stony-glare. ' Do you mean to tell me,' lie demanded, ' that you never received my cablegram ? Do you mean to tell me that you have not heard one word of my escape from a happy death ? And this is what I have struggled for; this is what I suffered untold tortures for ! My dar ling is dead !'' Mr. Carleton looked over his shoulder ner vously. At that very moment Denzil Lismore was in the house ; Denzil Lismore whom he had hoodwinked, and whose vengeance would be terrible indeed, did he but half suspected the trick which had been played upon- him. ' If I had only known before !' the old man rynnonorl -ivttirni.rll.rr . « T 1, o A l-„rvr,,.i *u„ui.Uijr , ,j. J_ uu.1.1 liiiux-u. before, it was too lato ! Oh, Amy, my poor child ! What a terrible wrong I am guilty of! But only for a short time — only for a short time !' ' ' Your telegram came,' he said at length, his tones husky, his head bowed almost to his knees ' but I never saw it ; it was mislaid— lost. . I was away at the time. I believe it was the very day that poor Amy left us. I don't seem to realise that it is really you, Cyril. You look so different, so old. It was the shock of your death that killed her ; it -was my lord's fault. He had a telegram from the agents — a cold-blooded thing it'was, that no people ought to be allowed to send out.' Lady Margaret gave it to Amy and she just dropped insensible at her feet. She never recovered. I took hor. to Seagirt, but it was useless, and now — — ' 'And now?' questioned Cyril, hopelessly. ' There is one niore grave in the church yard, one more colfin in the vault that your uncle built for my uso, for the use of my family.' . Cyril bent his face downward, and sobbed. At last the tears that had been so long pent up camo to his relief, and his huge frame shook like an oak in a wind-storm. Presently lie looked up and spoke : ' Carleton, forgive me if Ihavobeen.abrupt and thoughtless of -spcecli. I know that you loved our darling as fondly as though she had been a child of your own. I can seo that the trouble has affected you deeply. You are .aged beyond your, years; .you are not tho same man that I knew, in tho happy past. I will go ; I cannot bear this place now ; I hate it !' ' ' : . ' Don't go yet ; not for a few weeks,' inter rupted the old man, weakly. ' Don't go yet, Cyril; things may be all right before long.' Leveson looked at him pityingly. It was evident that his mind was unhinged. 'Good night, Carleton,' lie said. ' Iam hotter now. A little while since I .wonder that my brain did not burst ; tho pressure upon it seemed to fill my head with fire. I don't know what I should do with myself in all tho dreary future. I wish that I had perished with tho oilier bravo fellows who went down in tho Grosvenor. Good night.' He was striding to tlio door, and Mr. Carleton gazed after him helplessly. ' come again ?' he asked. ' Some day all will bo made clear.' ' Yes ; I've heard that stuff from you parsons before. All will bo .made clear SOU10 day ; but that is no use to suffering mortals now. -One word more,' he added lowering T01Ge- 'I think I know tho vault you refer to. I will have one look at it ; I shall fool that I am a little nearer to all that made life dear to mo.' 'Yes,' said Mr. Carleton, with a despairing groan ; ' but don't go there to-night, _ on Christmas Eve. Wait until morning. Things may be ? ' But Cyril interrupted him savagely, and strode swiftly out of the house and away. When he was gone Mr. Carleton paced tho room in agony. ' If I had only known,' he thought, If I had only known. But for tho fiend who is now under my roof, who is here to taunt mo of the wretcbc'dpast by his accursed presenco but for hirii this cruel deception should end to-night. And yet a few days more cannot do much harm, while impatience would bo my ruin ! Exposure, implacablo hate, death in a lonely prison cell ! Tho disgrace, the disgrace would cling to hor !!' He took from his pocket a letter that ho had received that very day, aud read it for tho twentieth time. There was no address, and no date, but it was in the handwriting of his niecc, and.ran as' follows: ' Dear ; Uncle : — I am quite well now, and as happy hb I can ever be again in thia life. Perhaps I am doing wrong in writing to you, but I cannot resist doing eo at C'ltiatmas-time. My heart bl-jsds for you when I think of your lonely fireside. Do you remember the good times we used to h.iVL- in the -happy,* happy past? Oh, if we could only have forcsBOU ! What a wretched and hollow sham lite is, after all ! The bella will soon be ringing all over !thn land ' Peace on earth and good will to men !' Do you really think that there is pence any. where' on earth, unless it be to those grosser natures which are soulless ? Heaven bles3 you, dor uncle, arid keep you out of the toils of that bad man, Denzil Lismore. I received a letter l-ist week from Lady Margaret, full of sympathy and love. I have not replied, and ask- you to thank her in my name. MrB. Pago has addressed the envelope for me, so that no one ia likely to guess even that your correspondent is one who ia supposed to have gone' forever. *' Toiir loving niece, ' Amy.' He carefully replaced the letter in his pocketbook, and rejoined his guest in the parlour. Jove, Carleton ! What .is wrong with .you' exclaimed Lismore, ' One would think you had seen a ghost !' ' Cyril Leveson is home again,' was tho tremulous reply. ' I have had to break to him the news of Amy's death. His grief was awful.' ' I must confess that this is not the most cheerful place on earth/' Lismore said ; ' and I hardly know what brought me here to-day. However, I will leave you early m the morn ing, after I have a look at the man who was my rival. I must pay my devoirs to the Lady Margaret, since I am so near to Queens wood.' He watched his host for a while in furtive silence, his penetrating black eyes flaming with hidden meaning. ' Carleton,' he said, at longth, ' I once be T itto„ oil ooniml-c, WI.O + iicyvu x »u ru. , is it you are hiding from me ? The question was so sudden that Carloton's face became gray with fear. ' I ?' lie stammered. ' Yes,' smiled Lismore. ' I am rather sus picious of aged gentlemen who have secret lady correspondents !' ' ? . CHAPTER IX. ; | ! ' - TWO MEN. -J . Mr.'. Carleton could not find tongue to speak,^ and Lismore went on, sardonically : 'It is really scandalous! Por goodness' i sake ! do not have your: honored name blem- ; ished by a scandal in the divorce court ! If , ever guilty man stood before me, you are he ! i And at your time of life, too ! Well, well ; it : is no affair of mine, but in future, my dear fellow, be careful not to drop your envelopes ; about the floor of the house. I am naturally 1 of an inquisitive turn of mind, and when I , picked up this scrap of paper, I found that you had a lady friend at St. Albans. That is of 11 o_ particular consequence ; but when, a man flushes, pales^ stammers, and lies — well, there is something queer at the bottom of it.' A load was lifted from Mr. Carleton's heart, ! 'There is nothing queer,' he declared. 'Nothing.' ! 'I don't believe you, and- I may take tlio trouble to find out some day.' . ' f' Lismore smoked in silence for a while j tlien he walked across the room to a photograph frame, in which was a recent picture of Amy Carleton. _ . ' Twill take this,' lie said, cooly. ' It will serve to remind me of tho only real love fevjer . I ever experienced. Jove ! Carleton, I wor shipped that girl, and she hated me ! Excuse me for waking up painful memories, but as la matter of fact, I believe that you rejoice in her death. Things would hare been deuced awkward for you had she resolved to play with .me, as she appeared inclined to.' i; ' How can you be so cruel ?' Carleton I groaned. ' Are you a demon in human shape ? Have you not already mado me suffer enough ? Do you know,' he hissed, 'that I feel at i times ready to. kill you ?' ' Very uncliristan-like, I must allow,' Lis more said, coolly pocketing : the photograph. ' The ne xt time I leave homo upon ah excur sion to sec you, my dear old friend, I will leave a letter on my table warning my valet that ; if I do not return, my mutilated corpse may -bo found in Mr. Carloton's back garden !' s Ho laughed sardonically, adding : ] ' By your kind leave I will retire. I shall spend Christmas at the Hall. I am rather sorry; that young Leveson lias como back- 'as I am hot sure of getting into his good graces It appears to mo that the fellow is to bo al ways, in my way. As a successful1 politician-I must -have a handsome wife ; I have nerar forgotten that sapient remark of yours, and what lady would suit me better than the haughty Margaret? this is ono of my reasons for putting in so unlooked for appearance. Off with tho old love and on with the new, arid boliold Mr. Cyril Leveson is tho obstacle again ! I have nevor seen tho fellow, but 'ponmy word !' IJ hate him right heartily! Why, tho deuce couldn't he die after making everybody believe that lie had done so ?' Ho loft tho room, humming a popular air, find, f!, 1 In Infnv finvlnfnvi lmnvrl liici ~1_ ? ? J ? ? — ~ , v»4»vuwu xxxd ^auujL UiUbU up stairs. The next morning Mr. Denzil Lismore dressed carefully, and after a late breakfast, started for tho Hall. He sont in his card, and was ushered into one of the -reception-rooms by a servant who regarded Mr. Lismore as a privileged visitor. ' Is the earl well, Tatton ?' he asked, familiarly. ' ' About tho same sir. Tho physician says he will novor get over tho shock of Mr. Cyril's death, and here Mr. Cyril is at this blessed moment !' Lismore gives a pretended start of surprise. 'Yes, sir; came last night when everybody was in bed. I've been at. Queenswood fifteen years, sir, and I never boforc saw an empty house at Christmas. Why, at one timo wo used to have every bedroom occupied, and the tips for ns servants woro something to bo romombered, I can toll you !' Mr. Lismoro's interest in these things was of a very languid nature, and he requested that his card might bo taken to Lady Margaret. Lady Margaret was onga'ged for a little timo. Would Mr. Lismore amuse himself for half an hour. The house and ground were frco to him. Mr. Lismore dccidcd that lie would, and wandered into the library. Ho visited Queens wood with tlio express determination of obtain ing an invitation, and he wished to consult the earl upon matters political. In the end he believed that ho could win Lady Margaret Grosham to rule his household. It was fully an honr before she appeared, hoping in her heart that Mr. Lismore would have been tired of waiting ; but when this man had something in view, there was no end to his patience and perseverance. She greeted him a little stiffly, but lio was in no way abashed. 'You must pardon mo for coming -hoi'e at a time like this, but I am spending Christmas Day with my old friend, Carleton, and could not rest unless I paid my respects to the earl. He is well, I trust? ' ' You understand that ho was stricken with paralysis when the news of the Grosvenor camo ? Tho effects will never entirely leave him, ' Lady Margot replied. ' But to-day ho will be carried into tho dinner-room. He is determined to come down stairs once more on Chrismas Day in honor of my cousin's1 return home. ' . _ 'So Mr. Cyril Leveson is back,' said Lismore softly. 'Poor fellow ! How he must-havo suffered ! I may know him soon — I may be his friend. Lady Margaret, I will not intrude upon you at so sacred a time as this. Your little reunion is no place for strangers ! ' 'Not a stranger, Mr. Lismore, ' Lady Mal'garet replied, gently. ' I am sure that my uncle, the earl, will be pleased to see you iu a day or two. Indeed, he holds you in high esteem. ' ' And you, Lady Margaret, yon ? If you do not esteem me I have no wish to come here at all. ' It was a bold speech, but Denzil Lismore was a bold man, and the fire in his smoulder ing eyes started Lady Margaret. ' I do not understand you, Mr. Lismoro !' she said, coldly. ' Is it not natural that a man so ambitious as I am should wish for the kindness — the friendly interest of so beautiful and influential a woman as Lady Margaret Gresliam? You have heard of my political aspirations — my great desire for fame, for my country's good. The friendshit) of one ladv is worth that of i hundred men !' He rose with a smile on his lips, and ex tended his hand, adding : ' Do you fail to understand -me, Lady Margaret ? Do you dislike me because I bave presumed to admire one so beautiful, mJ, so good as you aro-?' His tones wero tender and ' sad, and the slumberous depths of his black eyes were illuminated by the passion he so clearly as aumed. ' I know,' he went on, hastily, ' that this is neither time nor place for such an avowal is this ; I had no intention that my real Eeelings should escape me so soon ; but your soldness, when I had considered that we were such good friends, has filled me with bitter ness !' ' I am sorry that you have spoken in this manner, Mr. Lismore,' said Lady Margaret. ' It makes it impossible for us to meet again an the old footing.' 'No, no; do not say that,'' ho implored. Do not say that, Lady Margaret ! I must have your friendship, at least. Do you not 3ee how much it is to mo — liow much it will be to me in my political campaign ? I am buying an estate at Peterham, and with the earl's influence, Iishall be elected to represent thip country. I am sure of it. And .perhaps Mr. Leveson will not quite ignore me ?' He flashed upon her a quick glance, and saw the sudden colour rise to her face. ! ' Well,' ho continued, half, sadly, 'I will not detain you longer, Lady Margaret. I ought not have come here to-day.' 1 ' ' I think that it is a little premature,' she replied, scornfully, 'I can scarcely regard what you have said to me in the, light of a compliment, Mr. Lismore, when the old love is so soon forgotten !' He looked pained and startled. . ' So you have heard that story ?' lie observed, quietly. . ' And yet, I ought to have expected it— I ought to havo known it. Lady Margaret, ! had no right to speak to you while poor Amy Carleton lived. I liad promised her father , to care for her. It , was one of those foolish promises at the bedside of a dying man from which there is no escape.' , ; . ' His manner implied a groat deal, though his words woro'few, and Lady Margaret softened toward him. . ' You may rely upon my friendship, Mr. Lismore,' she said, ' and I shall bo the first to applaud your success. In a few days— say a woek,. wo shall bo glad to see -you at the Hall. At present, our family circle is ren dered sacred by tho return of ono who was lost. I would not like you to meet him just yot.' . ? ? ? Lismore looked at her with one of his eagle glances, then bowed, and a few. minutes later .was walking away from' the Hall1 — his dark face aglow with an ovil smilo. '. But for that accursed cousin, my proud beauty,' ho muttered, ' I-. would win you easily. You aro as weak as the rest — as weak as the rest ! I admire you, but I could never love you: I gave my heart and soul to tlio 'child who rests yonder !'f : He turned toward the church and con tinued : ' No, I do not lovo you, but you will make a handsome wife — and despito of Cyril Leveson I will win you- yot ! Why does this man always come between me and the g.oal of my desires ? I have nover seon him, and yet I feel that I hate him ! My lady does not wish mo to meet him yet, and she thinks that I cannot divino tho reason !' He laughed softly, and turned into the churchyard. The notes of the church organ wero swelling into a grand Christmas anthem, but to Denzil Lismoro tho music had no meaning ; to him there was no beauty in the sacred edifice, now I mantled with virgin snow. Ho turned toward the cemetery, and was surprised to see that some ono had preceded him, but a short while before, for the footprints in the snow wero fresh. ' Ono look at her grave,' he thought, ' and that episode in my life must bo forgot ten.' Ho still followed the tracks in the snow, un til he found himsolf face to face with a man in whom ho instinctively recognised Cyril Loveson. Ho was standing at the foot of Amy Carle ton's grave, his face drawn and haggard — his eyes full of dumb despair. Por a moment Lismore forgot his caution, and a spasm of jealous hatred flashed through .his heart. Ho had no pity for this man's suffering. In him ho saw only a detested rival ; ono who had stood between him and his desires in the past, one who stood in his way now. ' Pardon me,' ho said. 'Havo you not made some mistake, sir ? This path is privato : it belongs only to tho Reverend. Mr. Carleton and his friends.' , ' I havo.made.no mistake, ' Cyril returned, haughtily. ' Please do not inti-ude upon mo here.' Then he' added : ' I am :a friend of Mr. Carleton,'.. ' I have yet to know why you pay your, devotions at the grave of a woman who was to have been my wife!' criod Lismore, his black eyes burning with jealous rage.' 'I havo yet to know what Amy Carleton was to you !' Cyril had taken a stop forward, his brow black with fury, but ho paused and said : ' Do not repeat. theso words, liar and mad man that you- are ! . If you claim tlio friendship -of Mr. Carleton you must havo heard of Cyril Leveson. I am lie!' . .. ?/- Half regretting that he had permitted him self to be carried away by his feelings, 'Denzil Lismore affected a start of surprise, though he had lio intention of withdrawing tlio sting that he had -plunged into Leveson's heart. ' It is I who havo blundered,' he said, apologetically. ' Everybody thought that you were dead, and Miss Carleton had promised to marry me before the news of your eseape— — ' 'Again, I say that you lie !' thundered Cyril. ' 1't is unseemly to quarrel here,' Lismoro replied. ' I will not quarrel with you, Mr. Leveson. I simply refer yon to Mr. Carleton— to your cousin, Lady Margaret Gresliam, for a confirmation of what I have said; Good morning ! When we meet again I trust that this unfortunate passage will have been for gotten. My name is Denzil Lismore.' ? He bowed mockingly, raised his liat, and walked away, his heart throbbing with evil exultation. ' That sting will rankle,' he thought, ' and it does not need a sage to see that wc shall revor be friends ! I hate him because sit loved him, because Lady Margaret prefers him tome. Ha! ha! What a blow to tho sweet bit of romance Mr. Cyril Leveson has been weaving ! He will ask Carleton if I spoko the truth, and Carleton dare not say no ! Ho will ask Lady Margaret and Lady Margaret^ will seize the opportunity to stifle the vain re grets of hor cousin for one who is no more, hoping to catch his heart on the rebound ! In tho end we shall have our young friend roving away again, and tho field will be left clear for me !' He paused at the gates of the cemetery to light a cigai-, and was !unconscious of being watched by a sporty- looking individual attired in a long ulster, the pattern of which was formed of plaids nearly six inches square. On his closely cropped head was a furry cap, with ear protectors that tied under his chin.' He was tall, and had a hard-looking face, muscular hands, and a pair, of very broad shoulders. His age might have been anything between' thirty and fifty, for he was clean shaven, and taken in all his appearance was of a.very doubt ful character. Ho watched Mr. Lismore away ; ? then mingled with tho crowd which almost imme diately emerged from the church. Ho loft tho village by a road that was rarely used in the winter, and strode toward Poterh'am railway station. ; . When he had reached the top of tho bill from which Queenswood could he seen, nest ling like a sleepy hollow between hills, two miles away, he looked back, and laughed harshly: ' If Anne knew that I'd beenhere,' he said ' I wonder what she'd, say ? No matter,. my lady ; I ain't going to be ketched by none o' woman's, artful dodges, and, after all, I believe that I might do worse than think- pretty serious, like about marrying, you. But the cigar shop won't, do for me, not by a long chalk, not 'much! I've satisfied . myself that there's some tip-top swells mixed tip in this and I want to know what's at the bottom of it all. Anne won't toll me till after we're married, eh ? Well, I'll see about thatT What's the good o' fifty pounds ? And what's fifty pounds to people as live in castles? I was always cut out for a gentletaan, an' a g'entle man I'll be j Hard 'work an' me never did agree !' With this consoling reflection lio nodded knowingly at nothing, took another lingering look jit Queenswood Hall, towering like a giant over the little cluster of houses at its feet, and continued on his way, ? soliloquizing : ' The beat spent Christmas Day I ever had, and it won't be long before ~I step up -to tliom big doors, and asks.the flunkey to stand aside for mo to pass- in !,' (2'o be cmtinued.) 