A GREAT PARIS SALE. \-- Rare Worts of Art. TDNBT readers 'will doubtless be interested in some particulars with re ference (to a great art sale wfaich is to take place in Paris at the beginning of next month, and ?which is to extend over several davs. Tfhe information in question is supplied oy a catalogue which has been forwarded to the office of the 'Evening News,1' and -which fills two small folio volumes. . It is a i work of art in itself, and cannot fail to - remind everybody who examines it that it certainly should be included among the things -which it is gene ra«v admitted that, as Sterne said long ago, 'they order better in J? ranee.' On the ample pages of the catalogue are given, through photogravure and other pro cesses, admirable representations of the various objects which are comprised in the collection ?which is about to tie brought to the hammer. It was formed by some connoisseur, whose name, though concealed dn the title-page of the catalogue under the initials M. D. de G-, is doubtless well known throughout Europe, It comprises magnifi cent furniture splendid samples of tapestry, exhi biting the products of many famous looms, and the quaint and curious industry of many artistic ihands. There are besides numerous specimens ? of goldsmiths' work, watches, chains, snuff-iboxes, miniatures in gold and other precious settings. Then there are quantities of table service in old Sevres, groups dn old Saxon, articles in bronze, beautiful candelabra of the tame of Louis XVI., and huge vases with pedestals in granite. The fur niture includes a superb cylindrical- shaped writ ing 'table which belonged to I/ouis XVI., and which tie presented to one of his devoted ad herents, the Count Lesay-Marnesia. The present is said to have been made to the Count just before the flig&t; of the Royal Family to Varenaes, of rwhich lie is known to have been one of the organ isers. A pathetic interest attaches to the key of this historic piece of furniture, for it is believed to have .been made by the unfortunate King timself; who, it 'will be remembered, had no little skill as an amateur locksmith. In connection 'with the furniture special mention as also to be made of a drawing-room suite, covered with old tBeauvais tapestry, executed after designs by the celebrated painter Casanova. He was a brother of the equally if not still more celebrated adventurer o£ the eighteenth century, Jacques Casanova, of whose extraordinary memoirs, written by him self, Thackeray's 'Barry Lynden' ihas been des cribed as 'a far-off echo.' Butalong with these art treasures there is a most valuable collection of ancient and modern paintings. In the order of sale the paintings come last, and, in fact, are to be disposed of separately from the rest. The first sale is to extend over several days, opening on Monday, June 1, and closing on Thursday, June 4. The bronze articles speci fied in tihe catalogue, and comprising andirons, pendulums, chandeliers, etc., were formerly among the decorations of Hamilton Palace. The tapestry, in addition to fine samples of Gobelin of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, includes what are said to be marvellous products of Spanish taste «Tifi ingenuity in that way, dating from the sixteenth century, the great age of Spanish his tory, and representing tihe expulsion of the Moors from. Spain. And with reference to the subject of tapestry, a word must be said -with respect to seven curious rolls, which also belong to the six teenth century, and to ?which a still stronger his toric value attaches than to tihe representation of the expulsion of the Moors. The tapestried illus trations alluded to show figures among which are, at appears, to be recognised do less than four of the French. Kings, Henry n., Francis II., \- Charles IX., Henry III., and the wife of Henry II., Catherine de Medicos, together with numerous other contemporary characters. On two of these tapestries are depicted incidents in connection with the wars of the Catholics and the Huguenots, -while another represents the mar riage of Henry HI. In the catalogue of the paint togs are found the names of such masters as Arel lano, Goya, Van Goyen, Pierre Snayers, David Teniers, aroi others representing a ibygone though certainly a not to be forgotten day, while in rela tion with more modern exponents of the pictorial art are to be found, with many celebrated names as well those of Corot, Courbet, Benjamin Constant, and Levy. Constant as represented by twc paintings, one of which is associated with the romantic period of the Moorish do minion in Spain. It exhibits the pas time of a Caliph in his palace in Seville in the thirteenth century. Squatted on a raised place in the great (hall, and with his atten dants at a respectful distance, he is watching a pair of bunting leopards, whose keepers are seem ingly making them exhibit their points. In the other picture Constant shows us the Sultan of Morocco when about to receive a French Ambas sador. CoTot's skill is displayed in a picture of a woman playing on the mandolin. Of Courbet's style there is a characteristic illustration in a group of peasants returning from a fair, and driving their bovine purchases in front of them. A picture by Levy shows Salome, the daughter of tSerodias, presenting Uhe bead of John the Bap tist to her another. The mother seems to con template it ?with a sort of quiet satisfaction, but there is a more restless expression dn the face of the daughter, to whose beauty also the artist has given & decided expression -of cruelty, a. character istic which is not so recognisable in the face of the mother, though one might easily imagine that it -would be more so. In these remarks no attempt, of course, is made to follow the catalogue dn. anything like regular order. It as only glanced at here and there, ibut dn [regard to the designs it contains in rela tion, to the pictorial department of the collection which it ?enumerates, one representing the head and bust ol -a young Spanish girl, an Aragonese, by Ig natius Marino, claims special attention. Marino, who died in 1S7€, was a native of Peru, but, as hardly need be stated, acquired his art in Europe. In conclusion, it may ibe said of this interesting catalogue that, as already hinted, it makes in itself a very nice little collection, indeed. The Bale, it may be added, is to be conducted by M. Paul Chevalier, of 10 Rue Grange, Bateli ere, Paris, a celebrated auctioneer of that city. His name is, in fact, as well known there, in con nection with, important events of the kind as are those of Christie and Manson, or Sotheby, in London. The sale will also take place under the auspices of the distinguished experts M M. Manheim, piere and fils, 7 Rue Saint Georges, and M. Georges Petit, 12 Rue Godot-de-Mauroi, Pa ris. The entire collection will be on view in M. Petit's gallery, 8 Rue de Seze, iand will be disposed, of there. Mr. Arthur a'Beckett, in his recently published 'Green Room Recollections,' tells a story of an actor who left the stage in order to practise as an 'entertainer,' and who those a benefit matinee for his first attempt. He had 'indulged' a' little too much on the occasion, and walked somewhat unsteadily 'to the table on which were his make-ups. 'He was greeted with great applause. He represented one of Dickens's char acters. 'Ladies and gentlemen,' he said, 'let me .introduce you to Pecksniff— gra* frien' of. mine.' Then be paused, and added, seemingly as a happy afterthought, 'Pecksniff — drunk, ladies and gen tlemen. Pecksniff very drunk.' He then was understood to announce that he was about to ap pear as Pickwick, or; -rather, as be thickly cor racted himself , 'the gra' Napoleon.* Then he dis appeared beneath the table. There was a pause, which grew longer and longer, until the patience vt the audience became exhausted. But, in spite cf the cheers and Kentish fire, neither Pickwick nor the gra' Napoleon put is an appearance.* Ulti mately the-curtain had to be prematurely lower ed, and the table was then removed from the stage. As for the, entertainer, lie was found test asleep, clasping in one hand the baton of a mar shal of the ^French army, and in the other a re cently emptied whisky bottle, and wearing over. hlE dosed eyes a pair of blue spectacles. Still, there was something Pickwickian -in the exhibi tion.' Mr. a'Beckett tells .a novel story of the ghost in 'The Corsican Brothers.' Tou are, doubtless, -aware that the ghost stands on -a track, whichyis pulled up an incline 'plane by stage car penters. 'Once, when a worthy actor called Hig gie -was the spectral Louis to FeGhter's Fabian, a mischievous wag tickled the concealed part of the phantom's legs -as the shade ascended from the ground. On that occasion, I am told, the language of the -defunct duellist was something awful. . F-echter, who had a keen sense of- humor, Jwas-convulsed with laughter as he sat writing his letter -and listening to ttie stealthy, but distinctly beard, maledictions of 'the ghost with the tickled legs* as he was drawn slowly towards him.' A marriage after death has taken place in Russia. A young Jewess having died suddenly, her relatives decided that, as- she was betrothed, sbe should be married, and thus 'escape the dis grace of entering tne other world as a single wo man.' The ceremony took place in the ceme tery, after which the body was returned to the coffin and lowered late the stave.' ' 