CATHOLIC. 'THE BEAUTY OF THY HOUSE.' AN ELOQUENT APPEAL FOR ST. MARY'S. FATHER DOWLING, CM., AT THE CATHEDRAL. The Cardinal-Archbishop presided at the High Mass in St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday last, and the Rev. P. J. Dowling, CM., Vice-President of St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, was the preacher Father Dowling, on entering the pulpit, an nounced that the special collection for the Cathe dral Building Fund, ordered by the Cardinal Archbishot) for the previous Sundav, would be con inued at all the Masses that day. The eloquent Vincentian then read the Gospel of the Day. Addressing the very large congregation, the )reacher said : — On an occasion such as this, when m appeal was being made to their charity and piety ,o continue the work of completing their noble :athedral, he hoped he would be pardoned if, instead -f dealing with the lesson taught in the day's Gos jol, he invited their consideration to some reflections vhich the cathedral appeal suggested. ' I have oved, 0 Lord, the beauty of Thy house ; and the jlace where Thy glory dwelleth.' The words of ;he Royal Prophet always came to the minds of ;hose engaged in church-building, and in a specia. nanner those words became the motto of everyone .vhose holy and happy privilege it was to give the oving labour of their hands or the generous offer .ngs of their hearts to tlie erection of a great cathe Iral. Here in Sydney was being reared, or, to be correct, was being brought to completion, a magni jent edifice in which every Catholic in the colony lad an interest, practical as well as sentimental, and )f which the whole Catholic community should be proud. They were told in Sacred Scripture that on me occasion King David, filled with dread of the vengeance of the Lord falling on him for his sins, ippealed to the living God. He prayed that he night be spared the fate threatened him. ' Do lot destroy my soul with the impious nor my life with the men whose hands are stained with blood.' What claims had David on Divine favour and for giveness? We know that his reign was one of the nost illustrious in the history of the Jewish people. Hie Jews to this day look upon David and Solomon as the brightest gems in the olden royal crown of the Jewish nation. David, the Prophet King, had ione a great deal to raise his people, he had smitten their enemies, he had brought peace within their bounds. It might be said he had a thousand claims io the homage of his people, and to favour in God's syes as a ruler of men. He had sinned, but he now ippeals to the Most High for pardon. He appeals not on the glories of battle, not on his rule as King, but on what he had done for God's House — on what he yearned to do in the building tip to the new temple. He might have pleaded that he had raised the name and fame of the people of Judea — that he had made of God's chosen people a great nation. But he based his plea on this — he had not forgotten the beauty of God's House, the glory of his earthly habitation. David pleaded to be al lowed to erect a temple worthy of the Living God, but this of his heart was denied him, because he was a man of blood. The honour was reserved for his son Solomon. When the Royal Prophet made his appeal with his mind filled with the glories of the great temple he longed to build, he knew full well how every stone placed in that temple to the honour of God would speak to that God of the faith, the love, and the hope of the builders. If this was so with the temple of the Jews, which at most contained the Ark of the Covenant, and which was but a sacred place of signs and symbols, if the very walls of this temple of the Old Law were in themselves a prayer to Heaven, and a medium of Divine blessing, and Divine forgiveness, what must we say of the Catholic church, the Catholic cathedral, in which God Himself doth dwell in all His glory, as in all His goodness, in all His majesty, and in all His mercy ? No types or figures here, no signs or symbols, but the Living Presence of the Eternal God, Creator and Lord of all. If of old it was pleasing in the sight of the Most High that a temple should be erected, if it pleased Him to see even in the material building an act of faith and an offering of love from the creature to the Creator, how much move sacred, and in the higher spiritual sense, must be the Catholic church, with the altar, the tabernacle, and the Ever Living Presence. No mystic veil here hiding the Holy of Holies, no Sacred Ark solemnly guarded, but here the wondrous miracle of God's wondrous love and mercy perpetuated in the Holy Sacrifice, here Our Lord and Our Saviour, the Great God Himself is ever present to hearken unto our petitions, and to enkindle in our hearts the fire of His own Divine love. We build a Catholic church, in the first place, to show our faith. Our churches are not, like those of the Jews, made sacred only by signs and symbols. They are not like the churches of other religions set apart with pious intentions for some empty form of Divine worship on the Sabbath Day. A church of ours is not a thing apart from our daily life. It has its spiritual attractions for us from the time we are carried to the baptismal font, and it plays a part in our lives, so to speak, till the very end. In proportion to its benefit and blessing to us — and the limitation or extension is in our own hands — should be our sense of fidelity in duties discharged, and our gratitude in obligations recog nized and repaid. 'We are brought as infants to the church to receive the cleansing waters of Baptism, and in Confirmation wo receive the strengthening grace of the Holy Ghost. When we have fallen into sin, hither we come to be reconciled to God in the Sacrament of Penance, xlgain, it is at the altar that we in Holy Communion are united to God in the most wonderful union that exists between the Creator and His creatures. In the church we par ticipate in the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and bow our heads to the Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament. Hither, we come to receive the Church's blessing in the sacrament of Matrimony. Within the walls of such a cathedral as St. Mary's we witness the ordination of our ministers, the consecration of our prelates. And when the end comes, our body is carried to the church, and the solemn Requiem Mass offered for the repose of our soul. So from the moment we first enter the portals of a church till we are carried out to the grave, the church is for our service. Is it any wonder, then, that sweet and holy memories should cling around a Catholic church ? A church of ours is sanctified by the love and the labour of those who build it; consecrated and hallowed by the piety and devotion, the self-sacrifice, and the charity of those who worship God within it. Every stone of such an edifice as the one in which we are now assembled is a concrete act of faith— a protestation of the faith that is within us. These tributes of our ho mage, these triumphs of our love, do not pass away with us. This is one of our consolations. We build in the spirit of Catholic faith, caught from our ancestors in Ireland, in England, and on the Continent of Europe, and while the roof remains to shelter the altar and the priest while the walls remain to form a home for the Blessed Sacrament, the builders will be remem bered in the prayers of the faithful. And even in the ruins will be told the story of the love and the faith of those who planned, and those who built. There are standing to-day in the older countries, many grand old Catholic cathedrals, commanding without in noble outlines and majestic height, mag nificent within in the pillared beauty of aisle and transept, the grace of lofty arch, and the sculptured splendours of shrine and sanctuary. Overhead one sees the groined roofs, like clasped hands praying for those who had worked and prayed and passed away. Everything in a cathedral tells us of the land to which we are all journeying — the cross over the tabernacle, the pillars, and the arches, the vaulted roof above, the pointed gable beyond, the tapering spire higher still, with the glittering cross lost almost in the sky. Even in the humblest church the same lesson is taught. The little cross over the Confessional in the humblest church in which we kneel to have our sins forgiven, or over the modest altar at which we receive the Bread of Life, directs our thoughts heavenwards. A great cathedral built, not only for ourselves, but for our G ildren and their children, in a special and striking way symbolizes our faith, and expresses our hope and trust in the Living God. And do we not see, too, in every Catholic cathedral, in every Catholic church, a convincing and an enduring proof of the love and the liberality, and the charity of those who built it. In the ways of the world — to use a homely illustration — loving and grateful children make it an object of their tenderest care to provide a home for a parent who is all goodness and affection. Should we be less solicitous with regard to the home of our sacramental love — should we be less earnest, less generous in providing a home for God, who dwells amongst us ? Weak, indeed, would be our faith, and cold our love, if we neglected to show our love and gratitude to an all- loving, and all-bounteous Father. David, in claiming Divine forgiveness and favour for having loved the beauty of God's House and the place where His glory dwelleth, did so inspired and illumined by the Holy Spirit. There was, per haps, no higher test point of Catholic character than this love of God's House. Did Almighty God love and reward those who loved His House ? How could they think or believe otherwise ? No one who had ever stood amidst the ruins of a wrecked and roofless Catholic temple, or amidst the monumental relics of some monastic chapel in which the light of the sanctuary had been long extinguished, the chant of the monks long silent ; no one who stood amidst these mute witnesses of a time of faith and fervour, with ivy now circling the battered pillars or creeping through broken arch and shattered win dow, no one with the glowing pageant of the his toric past suggested to the imagination by the decay and desolation of the present, could save himself asking his own heart and soul the ques tion, ' Is the love and faith of those who built this place, who toiled for God and prayed for man within these walls ; is all this love and faith and sacrifice forgotten by the Almighty in Heaven ?' Be assured it is not. God is a most loving God, and the Sacred Scriptures are teeming with the Divine promises of reward to those who love His house and those who truly serve Him. ' Hide thy alms in the boBom rf. the poor, and on the evil day it will pray for thee.' This is the word of Sacred Scripture. May we no*-. say give thy alms to this cathedral, which is the church of the poor, its doors are always open to them, its beauties are their possession, their pride ; its altar theirs, its priests ever at their service. Hide thy alms in God's house, and on the evil day the prayers of the faithful, the prayers of the poor, will ascend before the altar for thee. Those who built, enriched, and beautified those rainsterB andshrines of old knew they were serving a God who remembered lovingly and rewarded abundantly. With the ruin, caused more by the hands of ruthless enemies than the ravages of Time, the builders did not pass into oblivion. God, Our Father in Heaven, remembers all. Many of those old cathedral builders, saintly souls, passed almost immediately to their heavenly reward. Others may be still awaiting the summons to Paradise, but there is not a stone of those old cathedrals, even those that have crumbled away into dust, that dees not plead to the Most High for them — for them or for their friends or for their relatives and descendants who may be now living. If we in these days imitate our ancestors and give to God faith and love and hope we have the promise that, like the alms hidden away in the breast of the poor, we will not be deserted in the time of necessity. These stones, blessed by your charity, will plead for you during your life, and bring you grace and mercy in the most critical moment. And even whenyou have passed away, this cathedral will be a voice reminding Almighty God that you had loved His House. These stones, sanctified by prayer, hallowed by the Holy Mass, will plead for you and plead for those you have left behind— plead for blessings and spiritual grace3. That you have ?? loved the beauty of His House and the place where His glory dwelleth,' will be your claim at God's Mercy Seat. Hide away thy alms. Prepare for the evil day. Hide them in the bosom of the Living God, and in the Sacred Heart of Jesus. Then in the hour when memory fills us with fear, as David was filled, remembering our sins, may each one here present turn to God and appeal to Him as the Prophet of old did, appeal with the love, and the faith, and the hope of one who has ' loved the beauty of His House, and the place where His glory dwe'Ueth.' 