HEWS FROM ALL SOURCES. The Chinese National Anthem is so long that people take halt a day to listen to it. The election of President of the Uni ted States will take place on 3rd Novem ber next. The total membership of the Boys’ Bri -gade, for the United Kingdom is 35,000 lads, with 2S00 officers. The library of the late zoologist. Karl Vogt, of Genova, has been bought by the Senkenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for 35.000 marks. The extra cost of sending Indian troops to the Soudan is estimated by the Indian Government at 21 lakhs of rupees, or about LltO,000. Iowa, almost from the date of its ad mission, has been called the “Hawkeye State.” Hawkeye was the name of* a noted Indian chief. The fern is indicative of fascination. In Saxony the present by a lover to his sweetheart of a handful of ferns is equivalent to a proposal. Strange noises on a lightship at New Haven, Connecticut, started the rumor that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, and the crew have deserted. Kentucky is said to have been the first I State in the Union to grant school suff rage to women in 1S45. Kansas followed 5n 1SG1. To-day the women of 21 States have this privilege. A fresh inscription has just been dis covered at Delphi,,. giving circumstan tial details concerning the method of training the various competitors at the | ancient Olympic games. The Duke of Orleans, head of the House of Bourbon, and, therefore, Pre tender to the Throne of France, has been betrothed to a daughter of the Archduke Joseph of Austria. New York “Tribune” says that a pro posed Arbitration Treaty between Great Britain and the United States will within a few days be submitted to Congress. We hope the statement will turn out to be true. The vital principle is strongest in the common tortoise. One of these animals has lived for six months after the re moval of its brain, and the severed head has shown signs of life three days after being cut off. There are doors in some old houses in Holland which were in former days never used except for weddings and funerals. After the bride and groom bad passed, the door was nailed up to await the next occasion. The editor of the “Tribune,” the lead ing Republican organ, is report ed as saying, after a tlir'ec hours’ talk with Mr JI’Kinley, “Neither silver nor gold is the main issue; the battle will be fought on the tariff.” The reason given that birds do not fall off their perch is because they can not open the foot when the leg is bent. Look at a hen walking, and you will see it close its toes as it raises the foot, and open them as it touches the ground. Potatoes seem to have originated in Teru. For a long time this now univer sal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed only by the wealthy. Even at the be ginning of the seventeenth century noblemen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, and seasoned them with sherry. The Great Seal of England is a silver pair of dies, which are closed to receive the melted mass, poured, when an im pression is to be taken, through an ori fice left in the top. The impression of the seal is six inches in diameter and three-quarters of an inch thick. The most expensive trousseau on re cord is that of the late Empress of China, whose marriage took place a few years ago. The trousseau cost over a million pounds, one-third of the money coming from the Imperial reve nue, the rest from the Empire. There are in England from SO,000 to 510.000 barmaids. Over 1.000 in London •ire daughters of gentlemen—400 have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the Church, 200 are daughters of army officers, 200 daughters of physicians and surgeons, 100 daughters of navy officers. Instructions have just been received from the Japanese Government which will have the effect, almost at once, of placing in the hands of English manu facturers and shipbuilders a further large quantity of work. The sum to be expended, it is said, will not be less than four million sterling. The French navy is going to make experiments with torpedo boats built of aluminium or of an alloy of another metal and aluminium. The hulls are of weak sheet-iron. If the experiments succeed, it is very likely that larger French war vessels also will be built of the materials in question. Agricultural Rating Bill, alias the Landlords’ Relief Bill, which caused such excited scenes in the House of Commons, has had an apparently quick and easy passage through the House of Lords. This is the first, important mea sure for which the present Government has succeeded in obtaining the endorse ment of Parliament. The vital statistics of Barbadoes re veal alarming facts that while the 'death-rate in the island has for many years been steadily advancing, the population has been increasing at the unusually rapid rate of nearly 10 per cent, per annum. In the decade 1SG1 70 the death-rate was no higher than 21.45—astateof things comparing favor ably with many English towns not ac counted unhealthy; but in the year 1S94 it attained to 34.30. In Prussia the light railways, or '“Kleiubahnen,” number 37, with a total mileage of about 4S0 miles. Of these the German Government says: “In general the light railways appear to be well adapted to the development and improvement of agriculture and forestry and their accessories, particu larly to opening up new markets and facilitating the carriage to and fro of manure and raw produce over a con siderable area of country.” The story is being constantly told in Russia of the answer given to the Em peror when his Majesty proposed to his future wife. “The Emperor, my father, lias commanded me to make yon the offer of my hand and heart,” was the Czarewitcli’s quaint way of putting it. “And my grandmother, the Queen,” re-, plied the lady, “has commanded me to accept the offer of your hand; your lieart I will take myself.” It is said, and on good authority, that the Emperor is passionately devoted to his wife, and that she is equally fond of liim. Certainly (says a lady’s paper) she is a woman calculated to make any amiable man happy. Here is a grim story from the “Daily Telegraph’s” Paris letter;—A month since three men met by chance in a cafe on the Avenue de Versailles, and had a game of cards. One of them was a journalist, who had been an unsuccessful candidate at the municipal elections in the district; another was a Government official; and the third was a commission agent, tolerably well known in the neighborhood. The Government man wah the winner of nearly every game, and as the trio stood up to separate the lucky player was addressed as follows hy the commission agent: “I am glad to know you, and I hope that we shall meet again.” The utterer. of this sen tence was Aubert (who is charged with the trunk murder) and the person whom he was so anxious to see again was M. Deibler, the executioner, who lives not Sax from the Avenue de Versailles. 