BY lMASNA BffEi ? * — CHAPTER XXBL Hairy, meanwhile, Had been going his !i ii sweet way. . Between u& there. was i.v-\ a slig-lit cpidjiess-.or, eay that I was eokl and Harry Indifferent, and you ha/re in-.- trutli. I was no longer blind. I knew u-v.v why Mr. Harry took long, lonely ram bles across the fields; why he slipped off si ieuily after tea and came back late; why v.i'u uii^» uiaue mm ami ana moody; wny eoiiioijiiies lie avoided me; why he was less a irood fellow, less sociable, less literary, Uiau lie had- once been. Across the Mil came- the voice of the charmer— the Poppy. charmer. 'Come, Harry, I'm here waiting foi1 you with brilliant smiles, and ready wit, aii'-l graceful figure, and oh! such eyes and fair ekin. Come. Harrv: come tn me!' And Harry, the-1 Simple, went. ; , 1 was half aroused, half ' scornful,'' Hairy Tvas so simple! ? Here was onf lovelorn, pre OL-or-pied. curly-headed little poet stealing off so secretly, evading us so cleverly— yet in miih going and coming before us aU! He thought the stars alone saw, the winds alone ];o:u-d, did this cunning little Harry. Poor j.-iii was dull and simple; the men and wo lii'.'u. our neighbors, were onily stupid pea s.iuts; no one could know, no one see— only tin- winds and stare, my charmer! But what if people did know? D ? me! Who -/:ned? Let them talk; let them hear and si11-1: the world is for you and me only, oh! my Poppy-charmer: Well, there was something to make one chuckle in all that; still I had thought bet R'i- things of. Harry. I had thought that a knowing, cultured citizen such as he was, or professed to be, would have had more taste, not to say rpride, than to listen to the vulgar piping of a hill-side colleen. True, slii? was good- looking, graceful— Tnt! of course; one knew all that; oneself had been a fool once and had thought well of her: but all that was past, put away with one's youth. She was a designing minx; Wee Jaires was the height of the moon too good for her. Xor could I any longer acquit Harry of blame He was a man, and as such should be able to resist all luring, however attrac tive. What if she had saved his life? It . TViis all chance; the thing was to be; if she tad not saved it some one else would. What if she was good-looking— nay, the most beau tiful among women? Look at her rank, her education, her manners, her dabblings in the piss' rub, her speech, her flaunting dresses! Was she one for Harry? No, sir! True, I Lad admired her once myself; perhaps I did admire her still— a littile. But, there! I had never lost my head over her; never made myself a fool for her sake; never even thought of her as a wife. Wife!— good Lord!— was it coming to that? Mrs. Harry Thomson! The Marvin family distyiitly related to the Farmers, through marriage! ? Oh, absurd! . . . Yet, where fore do old men dream dreams and your young men see visions? . . . Good Lord! Harry himself interrupted my rambling revtrie. I was lying on my back across thiee chairs, before the kitchen fire, idly .; watching the light dance among -flie onions hanging from the tie-beam, and letting my thoughts have their youthful will with Har rj§ and his affairs. It was about half-past nine. Hal was asleep in the corner. . A plate of thick pancakes stood on the hearth awaiting Harry. A single candle lighted the room. Outside the wind howled and moaned. Suddenly there was a quick step outside oa the stones, then a dash at £he door that made me spring to my feet; and in walked Harry. 'Easy, Harry.?1 I said, 'easy; except there's a ghost after you. You needn't frighten the wits out of 'us:' He shut the doer, and, coming to the fire, sat down. He was more than usually pale; his necktie was awry, and his curls ruffled. 'There's your supper,' I said,looking at ttie pancakes; 'I'm afraid, you'll find them tough by this. Would you like some milk?' He looked vacantly at me. 'Supper!' he said; 'oh, that— never mind;' then clasped his knee with both hands and set his jaw. I concluded that the Poppy charmer had been giving trouble— and was glad. I stretched myself again on the chairs, and, iike Hal, amusedly watched him. 'Ah-h!' he growled at last 'Ugh! the scoundrel! The fool I was to notice the ruffian!' He looked wrathfully into the fire and. strained with both hands at his knee. Finding that the trouble was not what I had imagined. I grew curious and spoke. 'What is it, Harry? What's up?' 'The scoundrel!' he hissed, in his best stage manner. 'Who? What has happened?' He jump ed to his feet 'I've been insulted beyond measure to night' he cried, stretching out -his- arms, clenching his hands, and sending his words with a hiss through his teeth. 'I've been treated brutally, disgracefully. I could kill the brute— the brute!' I sat up. 'But who is it, Harry?' He turned his an?ry eyes on me. 'Who? Why, that scoundrel clodhopper of yours, that fellow who lives over there.' 'Wee James?' 'Yes. TThA r»nTitATnnfi'hlA ? TYM f-ho in^W. nity of it!' 'What is it, Harry? Tell me; go on!' He sat down, looked for a little while into the fire, then turned towards me again. 'YoiiTl have to help me to punish him,' he said; 'you'll have to punish ? ' 'You forget, Harry, that I must first know what the offence is.' 'Bah!' he said. 'Well, if I must tell yon I must I was coming ? ' He stopped, and looked at Hal. 'You'd better go to bed, Hal,' he -said; . 'I don't want you to hear all I say.' 'You be jiggered, sir,' cried HaL 'Who a-e you to send me to bed?' ' I winked at HaL . . .; 'Go on, Hal,' I said; 'it's lime you went' Hal winked back and rose: ' ' 'Oh, all right, Jan,' said he; 'but I don't no because you tell me, Mister Harry. Just as if one* wanteS1. to hear your- elii&k;, any hoTv!'- '?..??-?? .' ? /' Heavily he tramped upstairs; presently, as I expected, came softly down again in his bare feet amd stopped outside -the -door. Harry by this had started on nis story. 'I was coming back from— from a walk to nitrht when I met that fellow down there in tha hollow. He' was waiting for me, no doubt— the scoundrel! . . . He spoke to me. and wMhout asking my leave walked on u ;tft me. He tried to be very funny, telling ui!» rubbishy stories and jokes, and talking, as I can see now, in a very affected way. When we came to the gate outside, he asked me did I care for old books. Of course I *aid yes. Whereupon he eaid 'Chat he had a book of old Irish ballads which he set sreat store by, and would like me to see— the lying scoundrel! Of course I was only loo anxious to eee it, a person -of any literary Uwste will go miles to see anything' new and ^tvaKge in print So I went with him down the lane; and presenrtiy found myself in his hovel with the door locked behind me, and ii'.ysejf sitting witfli Sie fellow by the fire. lie made no attempt to produce the book (''xeeptin his utter ignorance he imagined a fclieaf of greasy, dirty ballads to be a book) — oi' course he didn't, the liarl— bilt kept on talking in his brutal dialect aJbtmt various things. I listened to him, of course; think %' that soon, perhaps, I'd hear something '!--t would be worth remembering. Then. 5k- began to talk about this confounded (j!-ange party, and gave me Ills various 'sta i-'i reasons for thinking his life, and all his lVii.'iids? lives, in: danger.— -Enljbish! — So he v -lit on, and finally wound up toy telling mje a most barefaced lie about a fearful adven ture he had had one night, wihen. he svas . atfcaeted in bis bed by two bloodthirsty ruf fians aaxd nearly uued.. I could see by the fenows face he was lying— why, he was try ing not to laugh half the time! ('Bravo, James!' I thought.) I showed him pretty plainly that I did not believe a word he said, and after a little he rose and opened the door. tj£ jyou'il come; here,' !he said, with his leering face turned towards me, 'I'll prove some of my words.' I followed him into a dirty dark den, and at once he locked and bolted the door. I never placed foot ia such a place; the window was blocked up with wood, the fire-grate was full of broken glass, there were guns and rifles and hat chets and weapons of murder everywhere. -iow,' said the fellow* holding up the candle raat I might see, 'didn't I speak the troth? I didn't deign to answer, ,but turned to the coor; and at once the fellow caught me by the arm and said I wasn't going yet. I drew myself up and ordered him to open ?the door. Suddenly he seized me and tfimw ms on -the bed, and with great ropes bound my wadsts behind my Tjack; then brutally liauled me to the floor and ordered me to go on my knees. I refused absolutely. Then me coward took a rifle from the wall, and cocked it, and put the muzzle to my ear and said he would murder me if I did not obey Oh the brute!' . Harry by this was greatly excited; he stop ped short, and breathing heavily, glaref va cantly at the dresser and muttered: 'Brute! Brute!' '*Go on, Harry,' I said presently; 'I'm lis tening.' He ran Ms fingers through his fliair, and iu his theatrical way (for all his depth of rage) continued— ' . 'I should have died first, but— but life is very dear to me now; and seeing murder in the brute's face, I yielded, and got down on my knees. 'Now.' said he, 'I've got you at my mercy!' Then he began to threaten me. He said— he said— Oh, how can I speak! He declared solemnly before his Alaker that if I didn't cease visiting my— a certain lady, he would maim me— mutilate me— Oh, all flie dreadful things in the world! ('Bravo Wee James!' I thought) The indignity of it- 1 on my knees before that cad!— I to hear myself diotnto^ tn t-»tt- a noA uim +v.«+? -kt« never! I would die first! He asked me did I hear what he said. I shouted No! No! No! Then he took his rifle again, and again threat ened my life. I could feel the cold muzzle against my ear— Ugh! He began to count one, two. Oh, I had to speak! Life is so dear to me! I asked him what he wished me to say. To make a promise, he said. What? I asked. To promise on my knees, he said, and swear on the book that I would give up— give up his sweetheart (that's the word 'he used) to him, and never see her more. ('Good, my son James!' I thought) I jumped to my feet. 'Never!' I cried, 'never! How dare you dictate to me? How dare you mention that lady's name to me?' The brute took a hatchet and laid it on the bed, then put the gun to my ear.— -Oh, he said— he eaid he would shoot me, and cut me into pieces afterwards, and— and eat me if I didn't promise! Oh, I had to give in! I promised with mental reservations. I had to4 save my life. I'm not bound by such an oath, it was extorted from me by foul uireais. ±ie flung out his arms and fCried, with a strident loud voice, 'O, Annie, my darling,' he cried, 'what have I not suffered for you this night!' He was in dead earnest; had he 6ent thait cry across file footlights- the pit would have risen and cheered; yet, somehow, the inclina tioii was strong in me to roll on the floor and laugh till my sides ached— laugh and laugh even as Hal, I knew, was laughing t'oter side of the door. Suddenly Harry calmed himself. 'Now,' said he, 'you've heard my story. What do you propose to do?' 'I'm sorry for you, Harry,' I said; 'but what can I do? It's between you and James It's no business of mine. 'No business of yours! You'll see your gnest treated like that?' 'I've notching to do with it; I can't inter fere; you're not hurt: besides, Harry, if you are my guest, you can't say that you don't do as you like. Why should you appeal to me now?' 'And you'll let a— a rascal like that eon tinuo about the place! Why, he might have murdered me! He would— ihe would, I know, had I not pretended to yield.' 'Then you only pretended?' 'Of course. It was a question of life and death; and I chose life.' 'At the expense of your sworn word.' 'Oh, nonsense, man! Nonsense! - Non sense! No one could be bound under such conditions, and. by such a cad.' 'Then I have nothing to say at all, Harry; it's between you and James. It's a private affair, and the best man wins.' 'I'll raise heaven and earth against him if yon won't!— Ill bring the police!— I'M prose cute him!' cried Harry. 'I'd call Mm oat did I not loathe him.' I jumped up, and opening the passage door, put my foot on Hal, who was lying on the mat, and called him as from upstairs. 'Here, Hal! Hal!' I shouted, 'come down! I want you, quick!' I went back to my seat by the fire, and presently Hal came in. 'Put on your boots, Hal, my son,' I said, 'and nrc for Wee James. Tell him I want to see him specially.' 'May I ask what you want him for?' Har ry asked when Hal had srone. 'Certainly you may. I want to hear what he has to say, and I want you to hear, and I want you to tell him what you are going 4o do. If s no business of mine.' 'I don't want to hear!' cried Harry. 'If he shows his face to me Til kill him— No! I'll go upstairs.' 'Now, be quiet, Harry,' I said, 'and don't rave. You a man! Why, you're worse than Susan Sheeran. Go, if you like; but I wouldn't leave James a clear field.' To that he made no answer, except to be gin stamping excitedly about the floor,; mut tering the while and gesticulating; but pre sently, at sound of footsteps in the yard, he came over and struck a tragic attitude by the fire. James came in looking sheepish, I thought, and flushed. : 'Good evenin', sur,' he said. 'Master ?Hal says ye want me. Good evenin? toryou, Mr. Thomson.' 'You low ruffian 1' growled Harry. 'You ? ' - 'Harry,' I eaid, Sn my most superior^way, 'please keep quiet James, my friend Mr. Thonson here, who is ateo my guest, in forms me that you have grossly ill-treated and insulted Mm to-night Is Jihat so?' James scratched his ear, and*looked at the fire. 'Faith! I dunno,' he said; 'we did have a bit ar a spree. Och! only a bit o' fun mml' 'Fun! ? ' shouted Harry. 'Harry,' I said again, 'please -wait a mo* menjt Mr. Thomson tells me, James,' that you lured him onto a dark room,*'there bound bam with ropes, and threatened frim with a loaded rifle and a hatchet if he would not make certain promises. Do you deny that?' 'WeQ, no,' said Jaines,.-1 wouldn't lek 'You cannot!' ehouted Hanry; 'you dare not before me!' : *'**' 'Deed 'X widn?t contradict a gemtiemam lek you for all the world,' answered James, in his meekest way. 'Silence, both of you!' I said. 'Now, I should lake to know, James, what your xea Bonrs were for so treating Mr. Thomson *' 'Aw, jist for fun.' 'Answer, eir!' He scratched his. ear and amswered slowly. ?'' - :' 'Shmre ye know well enough.'1 'T.know woihibigj' '?. -\ 'Hasn't Mr. Thomson towildT* 'No matter; I ask you ifo telL' !A' pretty dictator I made. ; : - 'Well, its lek taiis,^ diawled Jaimes; 'itfe about a jgirL £« advised me ana* to iuk out for a wife, an' I tok ye «ut yir word. I wae getfSn' on rightly with her when. Mr. Thomson there stepped in an' set about spcOin' all. So, faith, I thought it was time ?to stop him; that's all.' , . r ? 'You lured him into a den, and there paid you would murder him if he didn't promise to give th© girl up?' 'Och! no;. not so much as that I said mebbe at'd be the worse for him if he didn't lave me an' me affairs alone.' 'You did mean to* murder me!' shouted Haary. 'You liar!' 'Och, no!'. drawled James; 'only to fright en ye, now.' 'You did!' 'Hush, Harry, for a minute,' I said. 'And -who, James, may I ask, is the young person?' ... James looked at me slyly and winked knowingly. But I stared ait him blankly. 'Aw, now, ye know,' he said. 'I asked you a question.' 'WelL itfe no harm— they call her 'Av*^ Marvin.' 'Oh! And how Jong (has +*ri« been going on, Jiaanes — I mean this rivalry?' 'There's no rivalry,' said Harry. 'I scorn such a situation.' 'Answer me, James, please,' I said. 'Aw, a (tidy while; a couple o' months, - mebb11.' 'Is that so, Harry?' I asked im a grieved voice. 'Is that really so, Harry?' 'W!hat has it to do with you?' said Harry. 'What right have you to talk about me like .this? What right has that coward fellow to talk about my affairs?' 'Oh, Harry!' I said, reproachfully. 'T^ikin' about cowards,' Wee James said, in' his calm, dry way, 'I niver seen a rale one till the night; I niver~seen a- man so afeerd av an empty gun afore.5' 'Dc you mean me?' cried Harry. 'Do you call me a coward, fellow?' 'I do, then,' answered James, raising his eyes from the floor, and looking steadily at Harry, 'I do, surely.' 'It's you is the coward,' said Harry. 'Ycu pitiful coward, to threaten a defence less man as you did! You dare not face me boldly; you must attack me with weap ons. Brute!' I sat down, aaid let them at it 'Very well, then,' said James; 'supposin' I am a coward as ye say, that won't hurt me. All I wanted I got I med ye swear, me boy!' Harry snapped his fingers. (To be continued.) 