:CHAPTER XXIV. AN UNQUIET NIGHT. Mlan in the person of the chemist is able to resohfe the diamond into a couple of common elements. When he can take those two elements and manu tacture-diamonds from them he will have gone some way further. Wh en the treasure gates of ' know ledge stand open, "there shall be no more sea," that Is, no more separation between the natural and the super natural. Nature has not yet given up all her secrets, although year by year phiiloso phers are unravelling new threads of discovery which represent the clues of mysteries as yet undisplayed. 'Some mysterious forces stand reveal ed, but not yet fully understood.Among these are magnetic power and hypno tfsm. :Whether Royal Ioomcraft could or could not influence Edith Fletcher's ac tions by means of his superior will, they being apart and divided by actual dis tance;:he nlmselt firmly belleveed-that he could; and the axiom that a sublime belief in one's own powers goes some way towards bringing those lowers to fruition, is a generally accepted one. ,Edith Fletcher was the first "subject" whom he- had succeeded in hypnotis ing. He never forgot the night. He led her away from the seance, wherein the trickery was practised-away to the banks above the Port Macquarie sands exultant, and Jet afraid of the deed he had done. The sight of the face and form ap pearing as if soul and spirit were with drawn, leaving only their covering the body, to be held in ignominious bondage by him, had overawed him completely, He stood in terror and remnorse before the vacuity lie had created. .He watched the senses return, and knew how keen was her mingled terror, shame and anger at finding herself alone with him, a comparative stranger, at an unseemly hour. Then ardently, passionately, lie had declared his love for her, and told her that he held this mysterious power be cause his spirit had claimed kinship with hers involuntarily. All this with her hands in his, his handsome face and eloquent eyes alight with passion. So, half-threatening, ha!f persuading he had won her. She had exacted a promise fronm him that the experiment was not to be re peated, and he being too fond of her to risk her anger, had kept the promise. But now-now it was different. She bad repulsed him-insultingly, as lihe chose to think. He would reassert his Influence, and bring her to his side to feel again the humility of spiritual sub jugation. Evening after evening for nmany con secutive days he sat for hours, her photograph before him, concentrating his mental energies hito the determina tion to bring her into his presence. Night after night he waited in the Im mediate vicinity of the house wherein she was in the confident expectation that his uncanny and villainous efforts would be successful. He failed, but he never knew how nearly he had succeeded; although he had more than an Idea that his defeat was due to the intervention of lis hated rival, Frank Wentworth. * \- Mr and Mrs Fletcher and Edith had been staying in Frank's house for about three months. The law suit which awarded the Bendigo property to Prank had been ended some three weeksi..,rarik, between resigningCAvil SService dutls riild'accepting certain ob ligations as land-owner, found .himself the victim of a budget of - correspon -ence;-r: just about this-time it hap pened trequently that he often stayed up late writing letters in his study. ..One night as he sat even later than usual, he heard a light footstep pass the closed door, and descend the stairs. ".?Which of them is that ?" he queried. I am not the only late one, it seems. \- He fancied that his aunt or. cousin bad gone down to the drawing- room for some book or fancy-work material left there by mistake. He did not take much notice until he heard the rattle of the frdnt door chain; then he went- down stairs quickly in perplexity, and even alaqmed, without knowing why, and taking a light with him. The stair carpet was thlck, and he were slippers. Setting the candlestick be carried upon a bracket, he went for ward to the front hall door; for he saw, to his great astonishment, that hle cousin Edith was stooping to un loose the fastenings. He was about to speak to her, but she drew herself upright, and he saw her face. The girl was deathly pale, and the tears were coursing down the Jll-litke lace-a lovily, dead countenance, to .which the power of weeping remained. Her express!on was vacantly terrible, 1i.55i as !f some.Past ror were frozen into She was dres hastily in a careless way is hbt da l?othes and her rich chestnut hair li loosely about her. He" saw at o that she was in a somnambulistic ep or trance, he did not know whil He knew that as a child she had troubled with som nambulism, bt nderstood from his aunt that the a ent had long ago dis appeared. While he lie ted what to do, she drew back the nal fastening of the door. Her hat was upon the latch. In another sec the door would have been opened. Then veryT tly Frank took her hant in his, in a moment a glad ehange passed ver her face, which transfigured it She gave the deep, sobbing sigh o one who passes from the brink of imminent danger to safety. It was as it he soul, sinking into some unknowo abyss of sor'ow. had been recalled t' its earthly tenement. The corpse-li look was replaced by life and color; he terrified expression gave way to aceful calm, and the rigid curves o the -lips parted in a happy smIle, b she still slept. Finding that he-had not awakened, he led her ba - yery gently up tne stairs and alons the -first floor cor ridor, until, co ng to the open door or the study, the strong light, oi some other cause, a5btised her, and she open ed her eyes with an exclamation. Then seelner' -Fank she clung to his arm helplesslyJ "Thank Gotl,' 'she' said, trembling fronm head to foot. "Oh, Frapk, save me!" j -. "You are qulie k'afe, already, dear." lie said. gently.:TOiu have been dream ing; that s all." - Keeping .hold of her with one. hand, lIt held some 'wine to her lips, whiclh she sipped: then she sank into a chair. "What has happened, Frank?" she asked. "YTou went to bed and to sleep, cousin, but I suppose you did not idnd it good enough this hot night. for I found you unfastening the hall door with the evi dent intention of going out for a breath of cool air." "Did I go?" "Of course not. I saw you were asleep, and brought you back. Have you been getting a nightmare?" "Worse than that," she said; the look of horror returning to her eyes. "I was lying asleep when. suddenly, I knew that Royal was waiting for me to go to him. It was as if he were dragging me against my will with all itis power. I resisting. as one who struggles for life and liberty. "Then came a time when I felt that the struggle wao useless, that I must go, knowing all the time that to ba nwealt is to be wicked. "It was dreadful-oh, so terrible ! I saw myself lying asleep upon the bed and yet the someone who-was really I pased out and away. I seemed to have a dual existence. "Have you ever felt like that, Frank ?" No; Frank never had. lIe took the linoor child's other hand In his, and kissed it: and thought, as he looked into her dilated eyes and watched the color coming and going on the deli: cate face. that this was a case of nerves overwrought to -a dangerous point. "Royal was close by, drawing me on. -on. lie would have taken me away. Ie had all but seized me-" "Well, what then ?" "Then. quite suddenly. I seemed to pass from darkness to light, from dan ger to safety. I was sleeping peace fully again, and knew and felt so happy, and thankful to know, that no harm could come near me. "Then I awoke, and found myself here." "What a fanciful little cousin this is, to be sure! We shall have to take great care of her in future," Frank said. humoring her as if she were a child. "Frank." she said, "a dreadful fear comes upon me sometimes. Royal knows I have defied him; knows that he has no power over me in my waking hours;-'but: suplios?6-that' while'-I am asleep and helpless, his power with me re-asserts itself ! Oh! it is teo horrible to think of !" "Then, do not think of it, Edith. It is a mere idea. I refuse to believe that he holds any power over you. sleeping or waking-unless you love him still." "Ugh !" she said, with a gesture of contempt. "Then, put the man out of your mind, child, as completely as posible." "I have an impression that he is quite near us now." she said. "Just the feeling one has upon entering a dark room-hearing and seeing no per son, yet all the while knowing that the room is occupied." "There is only one effectual remedy for that fancy," said Frank. "Let us go and look for him." HIe took the first wrap lhe could find an ulster of his own- and put if on her, then they went out into the street together, and walked slowly for some little distance. Edith's fearfu: gaze around her did not penetrate the dark shadow thrown by the ivy-covered portico of an adjoin ing house, in the shelter of which Royal Doomcraft stood still as death, and al most as cruel. "There," said Frank. soothingly. "Ghost hunters never find anything ex cept their scattered courage. Nothing dreadful here is there. Road not so straight as it would be if it were straighter; pavement ditto; moon with prehensible curve-a note of interroga tion pointing the question as to when there will be a change In the weather; a n-ood-fire fog. intipodes of a London fog, perhaps an improvement upon the latter; two worthy members of a re igious movement who would like to ask us to matins with them by and by; and that is really all." "No hideous reality of the shadow of nightmare; no e'L Boomcraft. who Is asleep and dreaming probably. Peace be unto him l May his dreams be those of a straightforward man to make up to him for his waking moments." "Let us go In again," said Edith. They re-entered the house, and went back to the study again. She was very pale, and trembling still. "'Well has the impression departed?" he asked, smiling at her. She covered her face with her hands. ,I rather like to see young ladies cry," Frank observed.: "The nose assumes such a delicate pink tint." What girl could weep after this? The mni~n'il barometer r:ose to "Laughter" at once o t"a; .? ".a:d "ftut, oh, what must you think-'of ine?'. "I thilnk.: two things of you cousin Edith. I think that your temperameat Is' very delicately organlsed. I think that The over-activity or- wour :brain could be neutralised by the act-v'.-, penditure of your physical energies. In other words, youl would be a healthier, happler girl If you had some occupation which lifted youiout of yourself, as it were." -i "Then you doathink mefoolish?" "No, dear. A tle too wise; that is all." "When you go stairs again lock your door and drop e key into the jug of cold water, that you cannot got out pf your.ea without wakening yourself." "A good suestion. Frank. Good night, and mat thanks. I believe I owe you more qan either of us know or imagine." "You fanciful ,ltid '" hIe sahl, cheer fully, as they shok hands. Edith carried Out her cousin's sugges tion as to the Ite; then feeling no in clination to slee, she did what wvas perhap. the wiso. tib.".fs unatr the cir stancesO . ?a-' gn amusing bholk al. read till dayllg, "Jane, Just co. and look here, will you ?" Mir Fletoher said to his -wife next m6rning. Mrs Fletcher went to look. There, upon .tle floor of the corridor, on an improvi~ed couch of rug and pillows, Frank lay peacefully asleep, near the threshold of his cousin's door. ,tWhen they awoke him, he turned upon his shoulder, like an individual resolved upon finishing his night's rest, no mat ter who came or went. "Waas wrong ?" he enquired at length. "A fit of rheumatism. I should say," IMr Fletcher answered. "A fit of somnambulism, I should say," Mrs Fletcher remarked. "He must have found that child walking in her sleep. Why did you not call us up, Frank 7" "Both, I should say," said Edith, opening her room door. "Frank, how could you be so careless of yourself? I was all right." Mr Wentworth sat up on the floor, and addressed the company with the calmness of conviction. "I have suspected it long-I know it now," said he. "I am one-the one-of three of the world's greatest heroes and geniuses ! Wellington and Bonaparte only mounted to the height of detest Ing feather beds: I surpass them, and abhor spring mattresses. "I shall mention the discovery to our colonel of volunteers the day after to morrow. He will instantly resign his sword and epaulettes in my favor, with a burst of admiration, after which Lancers and Caledonians, to the tune of See the Conquering Hero." IRoyal was fain to realise that his un hallowed experiment had failed. With bitter disappointment, he confessed lis defeat, and promised' himel?·the plea sure of attempting some other means of regaining his power% over the inno cent girl at a future time., by way of revenging himself upon her and her family. Iove-such love as he could feel-was his motive power also. The more un attainable his object-that of marrying Edith-the more ardently hlivished for its accomplishment; the more doggedly he determined not to be beaten. In the meantime, he bethought him self that it might be as well to attach another strlng to his bow; so he began to honor Miss Florence Golded with some delicate attentions; which she might or might not construe as indican tive of his matrimonial intentions with regard to herself. .Miss Golded was a not over dutiful daughter, who "took after her mam ma." Mrs Golded was a lady who held the worst possible opinion tf Australian people, manners, and customs; and gave expression to the same In the worst possible taste, being specially virulent against Victoria's greatest city and Its dwellers. Swanston street reminded . er of Shoreditch ; Collins street of some world-unknown suburb In the far east of London. The people she designated slightingly as "these vulgar colonials." She had brought her family "out from home" some five years before her intro duction to .Mr Boomscraft. "She mixed with colonial society very little," utterly declining to descend from her former high pedestal of social superiority. Her exact status in heir own country was not ascertained clearly: It was only surmised. It must have been some circle outside that of Court circles-a circle wherein swear-words and absolute freedom of speech and action was practised in the sanctuary of the house, and a strident voice (given to much boasting), a coarse appearance, and a heartless reality were tolerated, if not accepted, by the "so ciety" of her country side. Therefore it was not wonderful that many of "those colonials" had been known to go out of their way so as not to put themselves in the way of Mrs Golded. There was a Mr Golded also. but he was merely the financial agent in the matrimonial partnership. He appeared seldom at Mrs Golded's select social gatherings. When he did, he appeared uncomfortable, being under the censorious eyes of his wife, and un der the conviction that the Queen's Eng lish was a ditflcut language to speak grammatically in public. With this family, Royal endeavored to ingratiate himself. He was kept at a safe and rather contemptuous dis tance at first; but as the years went by, Miss Golded grew older, and IMr Boomeraft richer, so that he came to be considered "not such a bad match after all." But from the very first he recognised the futility of attempting to gain any influence of a hypnotic nature with Miss Golded, she being of a strictly practical and unimpressionable temperament. Nothing less valuable than a handsome set of diamonds would have mesmerised her; whereas these grown children's toys were of little account in the eyes of Edith, and Gay also. 