NEWS AND NOTES. PHOTOGRAPHIC VIEWS of Bunbury] and the most picturesque spots in the neigh bourhood can be obtained from Messrs. Kirton & Co., Stephen Street, Bunbury, and would form most suitable presents as Christ- [ mas Cards to absent friends. The Hon. Secretary of the Bunbury Cycling Club has informed us that Mr. II. W. Venn, M.L.A., has ac cepted the position of a judge at the Club's race meeting on Boiing Day. The Bcnbup.y Thahmacy is replete with an " up to date;' stock of Drugs, Chemicals, Patent and Homcepathic Medicines, Toilet and Nursery Requisites, Surgical Appliances, newest Medical Remedies, etc., etc. JOHN H. GARB, Pharmaceutical Chemist and Surgeon Dentist, Main Street, Bunbury. The crops throughout the district are most satisfactory. A reporter for this journal when on a trip to Dar daeup recently, had bis attention drawn to some standing crops over 6 feet in height aad he was assured that this is no unusual sight this year in that locality. The Volunteer Band initiated a pleasant and wo hope profitable in novation ye- terday evening when they gave an open air concert on the Bunbury Recreation Ground. The movement was well patronised by the general public and there was a large attendance although the weather was rather too cool for entire enjoyment. The band played a choice programme j of suitable selections and the music was heard to advantage. The stand was lighted with numerous torches | and overhead were suspended quantity of Chiuese lanterns. We understaud that Mr. T. W. Knox, who has for many years estab lished an excellent name as a carriage builder in connection with the Au burn carriage works, Melbourne, has secured the business premises of the late Mr. G. W. Floyd, and intends opening up business in this town, Mr. Knox, who will arrive shortly, has secured a number of prizes for first class workmanship iu connection with his trade in the other colonies and there are at the present time several carriages in Bunbury which were manufactured by him. We understand that the Bunbury [ Volunteer Band and the local Cycling ] Club are negotiating for a joint open air entertainment to be held next I Wednesday week. The Volunteer! Band will provide an excellent pro gramme of instrumental music whilej several amateur vocalists are also | spoken of as likely to take part, and j the Cycling Club will provide a musical ride, the various participants in this pleasing aud popular cycling amusement being dressed in fancy costume and lighted by Chinese lanterns. A special general meeting of the Cycling Club has been called for to-uiorrow evening to consider the matter when a good attendance is desired. In consequence of representations from Berth the Committee of the Bunbury Cycling Club have decided to extend the date available for nominations to Saturday so as to enable visitors to enter for the various events. The nominations will, however, finally close on that date. The Committee have also decided that they will reserve to themselves the right of withholding or granting the first or other prizes iu connection with the Visiting Com petitors' Handicap provided not more than four entries are received for the race. The Club have arranged for special excursion fares from Bussel tou, Donuybrook, and all inter mediate stations, and hope that a large number of visitors from those parts will avail themselves of this opportunity to have a cheap and pleasant trip to Bunbury. Professor Davis announces through our advertising columns a series of entertainments in this district next week. He proposes being in Bunbury I on the IGth and 17th inst when a| wonderful performance is promised. Says the Albury Daily News of a reGent date:—"Those who witnessed the entertainment on Saturday night (and there was a large attendance) were apparently of the almost unanimous opinion that Professor Davis ib the cleverest all-round per former in his respective lines ever seen on the local boards. All his sleight of hand tricks are clever to a degree, his ventriloquist-entertain ment is remarkably well done, and the " spirit" producing seaDce is simply astounding. Under the supervision of a committee from the audience Pro fessor Davis has his hands firmly tied together and is placed in a bag drawn round the neck with a string and sewn up in the presence of the audience by the committee. All the sewing and knots are sealed with wax. He is then placed in a chair in the cabinet aud held tightly with a rope, fastened to his body and passed through the cabinet, by one of the committee men. The cabinet (which is only a frame curtained off) is then closed and immediately bells, &c..; commenced to sound within and shortly afterwards the white robed spirits of " Cissie," if Geordie" and " Josephine" (the famous friends of poor MrB. Mellon) appeared iu suc cession. Then Mr. Davis, to show he had escaped from the cabinet, walked out and addressed the audience. During this time the lights were turned low, but they are up again as Mr. Davis concludes his remarks and on the cabinet being opened he is still found sitting there in the tied and sealed condition in which he was placed at the outset. Committee and audience were alike completely mystified, as the test was a severer one than that gone through by Mrs. Mellon, the alleged spirit raiser, and which deceived Mr. Justice Windeyer and others so thoroughly. Mr. Davis, of course, admits that his ghosts are produced bj trickery," 