On Racing. straight talks to young men. A litter from Colonel Archie Shot/. V.C.. to his nephew Johnnie Walker on his future state — in London. — From Pick-ne-up. Mt Dear Johnnie, — The Flat Racing season provides me with an admirable sub ject upon which to address you. If I were at your elbow now I should probably hear yon say, " But I do not race." My dear boy, I cannot say I wish you did. but I had al- most sooner that your income would allow you to buy a few racehorses, aud that you should have the practical experience of ridiug them yourself, or seeing how fast they can go in their tr-als, and how slow they can go when, to use the old jockey's expression, " the d reins won't break." Sooner or later that might open your eyes and get you to pull up before you had reached your last dollar, for, if you do not race you are sure to bet, and let. me assure you, as au old hand, who has known many a fearful Monday, and many a bitter back end, that the road to rain is paved with straight tips. I have too much use for what breath is left in my old body to waste any of it advising you not to bet. The love of "netting is inherent in everybody. From tbe highest to the lowest, we all bet something at some time or other. The millionaire, tbe jockey, and the plunger bet in monkeys, gentlemen and city men bet fivers, the valet, the actor, and the publican bet sovereigns, tbe boots bet half-dollars, the shoeblack sixpences, tbe newspaper boy half-pence or but tone, and I have no doubt that bishops bet blessings. If you ask anyone who Pierre LnriHard is they will explain to you his connection with the racing world, and from this I fancy you will arrive at the conclusion that he could enpjdr with fliitlwritr T ha-rp loner kpnt. a cutting from an interview in which he said : " Bookmakers are middlemen who rob both the public and the owners. They bribe jockeys and trainers, steal stable secrets, make plots to run false races, and run horses to prevent other horses from winning. There are a few honorable exceptions ; but as a class they will do anything dishonest to win." Tbe funny part of it is that every book maker is considered honest so JoDg as he meets bis obligations, no matter what else he may have done, and the Ring has become such a power that only a few years ago it was seriously proposed in the press, and at the Victoria Club, that bookmakers should be licensed. This sounded very fine to the general public and the geuerai pressman, and only a few saw that it was a very clever attempt to form a corner, squeeze out op-. position, shorten odds, and ultimately dictate terms to the Jockey Club. A very strong and far-seeing article in the St. James's Gazette, and a very vigorous speech on the part of Joe Thompson turned the tables luckily, and an interview with Mr. James Lowther, in the Pall Mall, has pre vented this infamous doctrine from ever being revived ; but if you believe in the honesty of racing read carefully the evidence in the case of Charles Wood versus tlie Licensed Victuallers' Gazette, or Chetwynd versus Durham. Popular jockeys were once stable boys, and their ridiug fees are under £5. Fred Archer died worth about £250,000, aud Charlie Wood, who has been warned off for years, retired from the turf to a fine property and remains a rich man. if yon can recon- c le how a poor boy can become rich when, by winning a race, he can only earn enough to cover his expenses, and by losing it, can pocket a thousand or two, to your own satis faction, i have no more to say, but i ask you how a young man can hope to win money on the turf when he has the jockey ring, and the trainers' ring, and the owners' ring, and the bookmakers' ring against him. Still men bet, and still- you will bet, and, for my part, I, knowing all that is going on, bet, and say " Why not ?" The argument in .favour of betting on the turf is preciselj_tke_ same as that in favour of backing a number at Monte Carlo with ever so much odds against you. No matter what swindliug may be going on, some horse must win, and you, knowing nothing, are just as likely to put your money on that horse as the man who arranged the amp. As a theory this is perfectly sound, and as, if a swindle is being worked, it cannot pay those who are interested in it to have the favourite win, you are likely to get a longer price than if no swindle is being worked. And you have nothing to say against it un less you have backed the favourite which did not win. That's about tbe size of it 1 And that being so, wbat is my advice to you as a young gentleman in the fortunate position of having a moderate income— for the fate on the turf of young men with large incomes, such as Lord Hastings, Mr. Ernest Benzon, Lord RosslyD, Mr. "Abingdon," and Lord Dudley, is very much tbe same ! I ray to you that you have not a million to one chance of makiag money on the turf. I quite admit that you may be lucky — that you may be phenomenally lucky if you will, that you may be the very best judge of a horse, and that you may have the very best information from owners, trainers, jockeys, bookmakers and all the restof the fraternity, and that still you haven't a ghost of a chance. You may take this advice or leave it as you please, but I ask you to go to any persons who haTe been at the game all their lives aud ask tbem what are your chances, and I feel sure they will tell you tbe same, and if they are communicative tbey will admit that those who are honest now can affoid to be honest by having once been thieves, and that those who are thieves now can afford to be thieves on the repucatiou of having once been honest. In spite of all this belief which is in me, I do not ask yon to join Mr. John Hawke and bis Anti-Gambling League. 1 do not even ask you to forswear betting. All I do ask is that you act as a sportsman, and bet, as gentlemen race, for the fun of the thing, and not to make money by it. If you waut to make money by betting become a book maker at once, because I really cannot see that there is any distinction to be made UCtnCCII tuc iiualoaiwwisi wolavi auu iuu Crofessional fielder — besides, several mem- ers of tbe aristocracy have followed a well- known peer's lead, and are making a book. To my mind the "gentleman who bets for the purpose of making an income reduces himself and sport to the level of selling beer or thirteen and sixpenny trousers without the advantage of being honest and making a fortune, for you can't win if you go straight, and if you go straight you only do so till you have lost all you have got, and perforce have to turn sharp. My advice to you, therefore, is to avoid the folly of betting on every race ; to avoid following the tips of interested parties, for the simple reason that every horse is run to win or lose, and your friend does not want you to shorten the price unless he wants the horse to lose ; and only to back your faucy when you have a fiver which you can afford to light your cigar or buy your girl a bangle with. If you put money on hordes as one lends money, because one can afford it, and look upon it as gone for ever, tbeu you may- get some really good fun out of it. and, oddly enough, it is this sort of person who generally seems to win. though there is the exceDtion in. Your affectionate uncle. Ahchik. The cries of sea birds, especially seagulls, are very valuable as fog signals. Tbe bird cluster together on the cliffs and coast, aud' their cries warn boatmeu that they arc near the land . All tbe species of shellfish draw the car bonate of lime of which their shells are formed from the sea. After the death of the- animals the shells accumulate at the bottom of the ocean, forming lofty mountains and vast beds of chalk. 