SIR HENRY'S CAREER Among the group of statesmen who from the period of our early struggles for free institutions guided the public affairs of this colony, and built up our political history, Sir Henry Parkes stood one of the most prominent for half a century He was born is the year 1815, in the parish of Stoneleigh, War- wickshire, England, and, his parents falling into distress when he was about eight years old, was obliged to earn his own living at an age long before boys in New South Wales think of leaving the primary schools. This prevented him from obtain- ing anything like a suitable education, but it gave him that spirit of independence and energy so cha- racteristic of boys who are thrown upon their own resources, and the wants of education were met, as far as possible, by the cultivation of habits of con- stant and careful reading and reflection. Essentially he was self-taught, and with singular judgment and care was his mind stored with information, and disciplined in the use of it. From the outset to the close of his career he was destitute of any aid to success but his own ability. He never was a member of any club, nor did he ever belong to any friendly society. Those who are aware of the advantages that accrue to a public man from associations of this description will understand the difficulties which Sir Henry Parkes had to overcome. The Scotsman, when commenting in 1874 upon the free trade policy introduced by the Parkes Government, then in power, alluded to the Premier as " a man with a wonderful history," and in many respects his career was a remarkable one. As in the case of every man, he had faults, and he sometimes made mistakes , but he won his way to the highest positions a politician can attain in this country with surprising energy and completeness, and unquestionably he was a statesman, and possessed, in a large degree, the qualities of a leader of men. His was no adventu- rous rise in life, no sudden elevation to power. His progress was gradual and sure, and he did not enter office until he had been for 12 years a promi- nent member of Parliament. As a public speaker and Parliamentary debater he had during the greater part of his public life no superior, and as a public writer, during one important period of his history, he exercised considerable influence upon the affairs of the country. He arrived in the colony in 1839 and spent some time immediately afterwards in the employment of Mr John Jamieson at his Regent- ville Estate, Penrith. Removing to Sydney, Parkes successively had employment in an iron store and a foundry. He next entered upon business for him- self as a turner in ivory and dealer in toys. His shop was in Hunter-street FIRST APPEARANCE IN PUBLIC LIFE. In the year 1848 there was a new election of members to the Legislative Council, and Sir Henry Parkes (then and for a long time afterwards plain Mr Parkes) took part, for the first time in his life, in public proceedings. With a desire to secure the return of Mr. Robert Lowe for the city of Sydney, an influential committee was formed, and the name of Henry Parkes appeared in the newspapers as one of the joint secretaries. But it was not till the following year that he became generally known, and then he was sharing in the great agi- tations for the discontinuance of transportation to New South Wales, and for the introduction here of free institutions and self-government. The public mind quickly became ripe for something more than the mere passing of resolutions at mass meet- ings, and " The Australasian Anti-transportation League " was formed by the different colonies with the determination to keep the association in exist- ence until the transportation question was satisfac- torily and finally settled. In due time the move- ment was successful, but the period was a very critical one. People attended public meetings in very large numbers-8000 or 10,000 being gathered together on Wynyard square when the Anti- transportation Association was formed — and thou- sands of signatures were appended to petitions. But for some time it seemed as if the ear of the Imperial Government were deaf to the cries of the colonists, and the leaders of the people began to talk of resist- ance by force. Providentially, force was not re- quired. The Order in Council which authorised the continuance of the system of transporting convicts to the colony was revoked, and transportation ceased. OPPOSITION TO MR WENTWORTH'S CONSTITUTION. In 1850 the publication of the Empire newspaper commenced , and, as the chief management of that journal devolved upon Mr Parkes, he was naturally brought more into public prominence. Before he was sent into the Legislature he was busy on the side of the people in the opposition to the new Constitution framed by a select committee of the Legislative Council, and known as Mr Wentworth's Constitu- tion. Proposing as it did to create a colonial peerage, with hereditary privileges, to construct an Upper House in which the people would have no voice, to pension off the officers of the Government on their full salaries, with other obnoxious pro- visions, the new Constitution was violently opposed, and large public meetings were held to denounce it On August 15, 1853, at a great meeting in the Vic- toria Theatre, to " resist the very great attack upon the public liberty " contained in the provisions of the bill, Mr Parkes moved a resolution earnestly protesting against the measure, and the result of his efforts and of those with whom he co- operated was that a longer time was secured for the consideration of the bill, and the peerage scheme was abandoned. Finally, after much struggle and agita- tion, a bill was passed establishing two deliberative Chambers — a Legislative Council and a Legislative Assembly. ELECTION TO PARLIAMENT Two years before the introduction of responsible government Mr Parkes became a candidate for the Legislature, unsuccessfully; but in the following year he was again brought forward, in opposition to Mr Charles Kemp, retired partner in the firm of Kemp and Fairfax, proprietors of the Sydney Morn- ing Herald, and on the 2nd May, 1854, Mr Parkes was elected to the Legislative Council for the city of Sydney, polling 1427 votes to Mr Kemp's 779. Two sessions passed, and Mr. Parkes feeling that he had neither the time nor the ability to discharge the high trust addressed to the electors of the city of Sydney a letter, informing them that at the end of the ses- sion, when the Legislature would virtually terminate its existence, it was his intention not to present him- self again for their suffrages. But those who valued his services would not consent to his retirement from the Legislature, and in January. 1856, a public meeting of citizens was held to nominate four gentle- men as fit and proper persons to represent the city in the new Parliament and a resolution was adopted that the four candidates should be Mr Robert Camp- bell, Mr Henry Parkes, Mr J R Wilshire, and Mr Charles Cowper. All were returned tri- umphantly. Mr Parkes's career in Parliament quickly attracted attention, but before the end of the year he had placed his resigna- tion in the hands of the Speaker. There was much reason for this course. However desirous he might have been of serving the country in Parlia- ment, however ambitious of a successful Parlia- mentary career, he had upon his hands the manage- ment of a daily newspaper, and no enterprise demands more constant and exclusive attention than journalism. The pressure of his personal affairs became too great, and in retiring from Parliament he announced it to be his purpose for some years to come, to entirely disconnect himself from public life. His retirement was generally regretted, and an effort was made to present him with a public testi- monial " in token of the high esteem entertained for him by his fellow colonists and an expression of their earnest appreciation of the valuable public services rendered by him to the city and the colony generally as a member of the Legislature," but this he firmly discountenanced and declined. " Merit, wherever it exists," he said in a letter he wrote to the secretary of the testimonial committee, " will work out its own most fitting reward. If men cannot achieve something to stand as a memorial of their own lives it is best that they should pass away, without any attempt of friendly hands to magnify their little ness. I am quite content to submit myself to that in- exorable trier of men's actions, time, and to take my chance of being swept away. " It was at one of the meetings upon the subject of this testimonial that Mr. W C Windeyer, afterwards Mr Justice Windeyer, appeared as a speaker in public for the first time. " FATHER OF THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH IN AUSTRALIA " One service Mr Parkes performed during the short time he was in Parliament before his retirement in 1856 earned for him afterwards from Sir John Ro- bertson the title of Father of the Electric Telegraph in Australia, for it was on his motion that the Legislative Assembly agreed to request his Excel lency the Governor to take the necessary steps to carry out without delay the recommendations of the select committee appointed to consider the subject of introducing the electric telegraph into the colony, and it was upon his report that the first electric tele- graph in the colony was established. Mr Parkes interested himself also during his period in the ap- pointment of a select committee to inquire into and report upon the state of agriculture in the colony, with special reference to the cultivation of wheat, and in the last session of the mixed nominee and elective Legislature which existed before the intro- duction of responsible government, when several measures were put forward strongly opposed to the principles of freetrade, he declared with energy his opinions on finance and taxation, and upon the wasteful character of the public expenditure. It was at this time that the bill to impose a tonnage duty on all vessels entering the port of Newcastle was passed, and it was not until 1873, when the free trade principles of the Parkes Government were guiding the financial policy of the colony, that the bill was repealed. ELECTORAL REFORM — "BRIDGING THE PACIFIC." Soon after his election to Parliament in the year 1856 Mr Parkes entered into the movement made in the interest of electoral reform, and gave effective aid in the passing of the Electoral Act of 1858. The passing of that Act, which increased the number of members, extended the franchise to every adult male of six months residence in any electorate and es- tablished vote by ballot, made a new general election necessary ; and at East Sydney Mr Parkes was returned at the head of the poll. At this period the steam postal service between Australia and England by way of India was not giving satisfaction, and a service by way of America began to be talked about. Mr Parkes brought forward a series of resolutions in the Assembly which, among other things, affirmed that the interests of New South Wales would be best promoted by opening communication with America and Europe via the Isthmus of Panama. These resolutions were passed but it was not until seven years afterwards that a line of steamers between Sydney and Panama " bridged the Pacific," under a joint subsidy from the Governments of New South Wales and New Zealand. The service was not suc- cesful, but the steamers of the Panama line were the pioneers of our present extensive com- mercial intercourse with America thus, in two great public matters — the introduction of the elec- tric telegraph and bringing into existence the lines of great steamers which now cross the Pacific Ocean the name of Mr Parkes is conspicuous. MILITARY DEFENCE — THE VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT. The danger of a rupture between England and France in 1859 led Mr Parkes to consider the position of this colony with regard to defence. The harbour batteries constructed under the direction of Sir William Denison were in existence, but they were of little or no use without the expenditure of a very large sum of money in providing men to man them, and our defence force numbered altogether about 583 men, forming an infantry and an artillery corps, the artillery numbering rather more than 100. All these men were Imperial troops, for at that time the city was regularly garrisoned by a detachment of soldiers belonging to the British army, and the cost of keep- ing them was enormous, the sum appearing on the Estimates for the payment of the men being no less than £16,308. Mr Parkes moved in the Legis- lative Assembly a number of resolutions which de- clared that the maintenance of regular troops in the colony for its protection was unwise in policy and ineffective unless an excessive burden on the public revenue were borne, and " that the true principle of military defence, and the only course which would ensure effective resistance in extreme circumstances, is to habituate the subjects of the Queen in this colony to the use of arms, and to foster among all classes a loyal and patriotic spirit of self- reliance on their own valour and military organisa- tion. "The resolutions were adopted by a large majority of votes. But no steps were taken by the Government to carry out the resolutions , the only movement made was by members of the general community in forming volunteer corps. GENERAL SERVICES IN PARLIAMENT — VISIT TO ENG- LAND AS AN EMIGRATION LECTURER. The following year, 1860, was remarkable for the prevalence of great distress among the working classes of Sydney, and a select committee appointed by the Legislative Assembly recommended the fostering of colonial manufactures, the better ad- ministration of the public lands, and the equalisation of taxation. The report was rejected by a large majority, a result which led to violent expressions of disapproval on the part of the labouring classes, but the report was an able one, and bore testimony to the great interest Mr Parkes took in the welfare of labour. From the first day that Mr Parkes took his seat in the Legislature he was very regular in his attendance, and in nearly every division list his name appeared. In every session he was known in Parliamentary circles as a pretty regular committeeman, and he was chairman of several committees that met to consider very important subjects. At this period, too, he was active in an endeavour to reform the Legislative Council, before the time arrived when, according to the Constitution Act, the nominations of the mem- bers to seats in that House were to be for life ; he was earnest in his advocacy of free selection before survey, though there were some portions of the Robertson Land Bill which did not meet with his approval, and he was frequent in the expression of his desire te see great questions, such as education, communication with the interior, and a general re- form in the management and discipline of our prisons, dealt with effectively and without delay. In 1861 he was sent with the late Right Hon W. B Dalley to England for the purpose of lecturing on the claims of the colony of New South Wales as a field for British emigration, the Legislative Assembly having passed a resolution — subsequently embodied in an Act of Parliament — authorising two commissioners to visit England with this object. Mr Parkes acted as correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald during the tour, and a selection of his letters was published by Macmillan with the title " Australian Views of England. " The commissioners returned to the colony in 1863, and in 1865 Mr Parkes was again busy with his Parliamentary duties, at that time as member for Kiama. On the occasion of a public dinner given to him by the electors of Kiama, in August, 1865, he reviewed the previous nine years to see what the success of liberal princi- ples had done for this colony :- It had multiplied the fields of industry, it had spread intelligence, it had increased the comforts of the homes of the people and in every condition of life it had largely added to the convenience and the elevating in fluences of society. . . . . They had planted municipal institutions amongst the people, securely rooted and with prosperous growth. The powers of local management thus extended among the people had been zealously and bene- ficially exercised, and while innumerable public improve- ments had been carried out successfully, the available talent of the different districts had been trained and accus- tomed to the duties of self-government. They had passed Acts for opening the public lands and promoting the settle- ment of an agricultural population in their vast interior, and let any unbiassed mind institute a comparison between the results of their present land policy and the state of things which previously existed, and it would be seen at once how great an improvement had taken place, and how hopeful were our prospects for the future. We had effected a great change in the electoral law of the country, con ferring the right of the suffrage on all men of whatever condition of life who were settled amongst us. Many other measures wisely conceived, and sound and liberal in their scope and tendency, had been passed by the Legislature. And let it be admitted for the sake of argument that we had been too precipitate in some of these Acts, and had gone too far in our liberal tenden- cíes. Could it be reasonably expected that we should com- mit no blunders in the great task of governing ourselves, to which we were so suddenly called, and for which in a great measure we were so unprepared ? Was it reasonable to expect us to do better than the great people in the old country ? Coming into possession of our political birth- right so suddenly after so long a period of disfranchise- ment, with all the powers of government conferred upon us, as it were, in a day, and with our new Legislature necessarily composed of men for the most part little accus- tomed to employ their minds on questions of government and subjects of State policy, it was a matter of surprise that we had committed so few blunders, had manifested so much wisdom, and had so clearly comprehended the course of public duty. FIRST APPOINTMENT TO OFFICE — THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT. In 1866 Mr Parkes entered office for the first time, becoming Colonial Secretary in the second Martin Ministry. This Ministry remained in office for a period of two years and nine months, and during its career conducted through Parliament some valuable measures — notably the Public Schools Act. For the introduction and passing of this measure to extend the benefits of a liberal educational system through the colony credit is due to Mr Parkes, who, from his entrance into public life, had been a steady advocate for the spread of knowledge throughout the land, and to whose lot it fell to introduce the bill while he was occupying the position of Colonial Secretary. The educational system in use in the colony at the time was what was known as Lord Stanley's national system, which was administered by two boards — called the Board of National Education, and the De- nominational School Board. The educational pro- gress under this system compared favourably with the state of things in other parts of the world , but a very large number of children were without any in- struction whatever, and the national and denomina- tional elements in the administration of the law were not only ineffectual but very expensive. Several bills had been framed and introduced into Parlia- ment for the purpose of dealing with this question, but none had proposed what was really required. The peroration of his speech in introducing the bill contained these words -"By what you do now you may render a service that will be felt hereafter in the aspirations of a hundred thousand human lives — of that unknown multitude arising in our midst who have yet to employ their faculties in moving the machinery of society, and who, for good or evil,, must connect the present with the future. They will come after us, in the field and in the workshop, in the school and in the church, on the judgment seat, and within these walls — a mighty wave of intelli- gence that must receive its temper from you, but whose force you will not be here to control. I leave with you this question, so pregnant with social conse- quences, relying on your enlightened patriotism to approach it in a temperate spirit, to consider it dispassionately, and to arrive at a decision upon it which shall inspire the people with renewed confi- dence in the wisdom and integrity of Parliament." The Government that succeeded in passing the Public Schools Act introduced and carried into law other highly important and beneficial measures. It greatly improved the condition of lunatics, estab- lished industrial schools, passed an Act for the regu- lation of goldfields, consolidated the laws relating to the Post Office, dealt with the vexed question of the border duties, and improved the condition of the volunteer force. THE FIRST PARKES GOVERNMENT. In September, 1868, Mr Parkes resigned the office of Colonial Secretary and left the Government, in consequence of a difference of opinion with his col leagues in reference to a course taken with regard to Mr Duncan, Collector of Customs, and within two years afterwards he again resigned his seat in Parliament. It was while the Martin Govern- ment was in office that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh visited Sydney, and was wounded by O'Farrell at Clontarf, and it was after these events that Mr Parkes made the memorable speech at Kiama, which gave rise to what has since been called the Kiama ghost. In the course of this speech Mr Parkes said he had in his possession evi- dence attested by affidavit which left in his mind " the conviction that not only was the assassination of the Duke of Edinburgh planned, but that some one who had a guilty knowledge of the secret, and whose fidelity was suspected, had been foully mur- dered." This statement was made the groundwork for persistent attack against the Government and against Mr Parkes personally, and led to some stormy proceedings in Parliament. From January, 1869, until the end of 1870 he filled the office of Pre- sident of the Council of Education, and during that time gave much assistance to the progress of the education system. Towards the end of the year 1871 he waa sent into Parliament again as the representa- tive of Mudgee, and on the defeat of the Martin Robertson Ministry, on the subject of the Border duties, Mr Parkes was returned to power, this time as Colonial Secretary and Premier. The defeated Ministry went out of office on a motion moved by the late Mr William Forster but, Mr Forster failing to construct a new Government, Mr Parkes was sent for, and in a very few hours formed his first Ad- ministration. Associated with him were the late Mr. W R Piddington, as Colonial Treasurer, the late Mr J S. Farnell, as Secretary for Lands , Mr R P Abbott, Secretary for Mines, the late Mr John Sutherland, Secretary for Public Works , the late Mr Edward Butler, Attorney- General, the late Mr (afterwards Sir) G W Allen, Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, Mr (now Sir) J. G L Innes, Solicitor-General Mr G A Lloyd, Postmaster- General ; and Mr (afterwards Sir) Saul Samuel, Vice-president of the Executive Council and repre- sentative of the Government in the Legislative Council. This Ministry remained in office from May, 1872, to February, 1875, when it was defeated on a motion relative to the traditional pardon and release from gaol of the bushranger Gardiner. But during the time that the Government was supported by a majority in Parliament it introduced an important change m the fiscal policy of the colony by abolishing the ad valorem duties, which had existed from the year 1865, and a large number of the specific duties. This decided movement in the direction of free trade called forth warm encomiums not only from the colonial press, but from several of the leading journals in the mother country, the Times especially. The tariff of the country was reduced to 50 or 57 articles, and the amount of duties given up made altogether a sum of about £198,000 — £10,000 of which was represented by the abolition of the postal charge on newspapers. The case of the prisoner Gardiner, which led to the downfall of the Parkes' Government, was one which at the time created great interest throughout the colony, and raised much debate upon the subject of the expatriation of criminals and the question of the Royal prerogative of pardon. The matter resulted in a change with regard to the exercise of the pre- rogative of pardon and the responsibility of Minis- ters thereto; and his Excellency Sir Hercules Robin son, then Governor of the colony, approved of a pro- posal that the prerogative of pardon should in future be exercised on the advice of Ministers. Previous to the Parkes Ministry coming into office there were no such Ministerial departments as the Departments of Justice, Public Instruction, and Mines. Each of these owes its creation to Sir Henry Parkes, and during the existence of this Administra- tion the office of Solicitor-General was abolished, and the position of the Attorney-General was altered, so that though he was a member of the Cabinet yet he no longer held a seat in the Executive Council. The retirement of Sir Alfred Stephen from the position of Chief Justice made it necessary for the Government to appoint his successor, and the position was offered by Mr Parkes to the late Sir James Martin, who accepted it, and immediately resigned his seat in Parliament. This appointment met with very general approval so far as the belief in Sir James Martin being the fittest man in the country for the office was concerned, but the late Mr Edward Butler, who at the time was Attorney General, expected that the position should be offered to him, and on Sir James Martin's appointment he retired from the Government. IN OPPOSITION — FORMATION OF THE SECOND PARKES GOVERNMENT. For two years following the resignation of the Government in February, 1875, on the Gardiner question and the position which his Excellency the Governor had assumed towards the Assembly, Mr Parkes was in Opposition, but for a considerable portion of the time he took no very active part in politics. Various circumstances had led to such an even balance of parties in Parliament that for some time it appeared to be absolutely impossible for any Government to be formed with a prospect of remain- ing more than a few weeks in office, and the per- petual party conflicts which took place during this period brought political affairs to a kind of deadlock. In December, 1876, Mr. Parkes re- signed the leadership of the Opposition. Able as Mr Parkes was in all circles admitted to be, and universal as was the belief in his fitness, from his long political services and Parliamentary ex- perience, to lead a party in the Legislative Assembly, the constant struggle between himself and Mr Robertson at this period gave rise to a very general opinion that until some decided change took place in the composition of parties in the House public busi- ness would remain at a standstill, and, therefore, though very many regretted the retirement of by far the ablest man in the Assembly from the position of leader of the Opposition, most persons believed that in his retirement a way might he found out of the difficulties which had so persistently beset the progress of business. His place at the head of the Opposition benches was taken successively by Mr Fitzpatrick, Mr Far- nell, Mr Piddington, and Mr S C Brown, but in 1877 circumstances brought Mr. Parkes to the front again, and in this year he and Mr Robertson were offered and accepted the title and rank of K.C M G. On the defeat of the Robertson Government in March, 1877, Sir. Henry Parkes was sent for by his Excellency, and entrusted with the task of forming a new Administration. He succeeded, but retained office for five months only, when the Government was defeated Sir John Robertson was sent for but though he was able to form a Ministry he was utterly unable to carry on the public business, and was defeated within little more than a month of his again taking up the reins of power. The Governor sent for the late Mr (afterwards Sir) Alexander Stuart, and then for the late Mr S C Brown but both failing to form a new Administration, his Ex- cellency decided to accept Sir John Robertson's advice unconditionally, and the Assembly immedi- ately granted the necessary supplies. DEFEATED AT EAST SYDNEY. Parliament was prorogued, and in the elec- tions which followed very shortly afterwards Sir Henry Parkes was defeated at East Sydney, and Sir John Robertson at West Sydney. The sensation caused by these defeats was increased by Sir Henry Parkes declaring after the announcement of the polling at East Sydney that the door of his political life was closed for ever. He was not however, permitted by his friends to remain out of Parliament, and immediately after his defeat at East Sydney he was nominated for Canterbury, where he was elected by a large majority. Soon after Parliament met Mr Farnell carried a motion of censure against the Robertson Government ; but Mr Farnell, though he occupied the position of what was termed the leader of a third party in the House, was not in the first instance sent for by his Excellency the Governor to form a new Government. Sir Henry Parkes was summoned to Government House and entrusted with the task of forming a new Administration, but in the unsettled condition of parties in the House he found it impossible to form such a Government as he felt justified in submitting to his Excellency, and he abandoned the task Mr Farnell was then sent for, and he succeeded in forming the Farnell-Fitz- patrick Government. While Mr Farnell was at the head of affairs Sir Henry Parkes took but little active interest in the proceedings of the House. He gene- rally sat on one of the lower Opposition benches and was content to let Sir John Robertson perform all the functions of leader of the Opposition. But dur- ing one portion of this period he made a tour through the Western districts, and was heartily received by the people wherever he went. He delivered some able speeches upon political affairs, and some very scathing criticisms of the Government, and after his return to Sydney appeared to take more interest in his Parliamentary duties. COALITION WITH SIR JOHN ROBERTSON — THE PARKES- ROBERTSON MINISTRY. The difficulties which in 1878 the Farnell Ministry fell into caused its resignation , but circumstances interfered with the formation of a new Cabinet, and the Ministers were requested by his Excellency to withdraw their resignations. This proved anything but accept- able to a large number of members of the Assem- bly, and brought about the fusion of the two parties who were looked upon as sup- porters of Sir John Robertson and Sir Henry Parkes. A meeting of the Opposition was then held, and Sir Henry Parkes was unanimously invited to assume the leadership in the Assembly. He took his seat at the head of the Opposition benches amidst the cheers of his friends, and immediately afterwards gave notice of a motion of want of confidence in the Ministry. The debate was short and decisive. Ministers were defeated, and Sir Henry Parkes was again entrusted with the duty of forming a new Government. In the performance of this duty he was materially assisted by the retirement of Sir John Robertson from Parliament. The supporters of Sir John Robertson having joined the friends of Sir Henry Parkes in displacing the Farnell Ministry, a desire was manifested to form a coalition Government, and this resulted in Sir John Robertson accepting in the new Administration the office of Vice-President of the Executive Council with a seat in the Upper House. Unexpected as such an event was to the public, it excited very little surprise. People saw in tne circumstance the end of the deadlock which had for a long time previously hampered Parliamentary affairs, and recognised the fusion of the two parties as one which, so far as political principles were concerned, might with every justification have taken place years before. For a time the conflicting elements of which the Government party were composed made the success of the coalition movement somewhat doubtful but gradually the rough edges were smoothed away, and the Government was able to take in hand with every prospect of success one of the most important Ministerial programmes that could be put forward in any country. Foremost amongst the measures in- troduced were the bill to amend the Public Schools Act of 1866, and the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. The former intended to increase the facilities for the spread of Public schools, the establishment of grammar schools, and the withdrawal of State aid from Denominational school after a certain period, was introduced in deference to public opinion, and because the progress of events and the circumstances of the country had made such an amendment of the Public school system very desirable and necessary; the latter was pressed forward because the anomalies in our electoral system, so long complained of, were becoming more con- spicuous and objectionable every year. For many years past there had been movements of one kind or another in the Legislature about Church and School lands, but it was left to the Government of Sir Henry Parkes to deal effectually with the question by passing a bill, the main effect of which was to dedicate the Church and School lands to the purposes of public instructions. ILL-HEALTH AND VISIT TO ENGLAND The session of 1881 was brought to a close earlier than might otherwise have been the case by the im- paired health of the Premier, whose medical advisers and friends strongly recommended cessation for a time from all work and a visit to England. This visit to the mother country was ultimately resolved upon, and desirous of being of some service to the colony while he was away Sir Henry resolved to go via America, and while in the United States to en- deavour to secure some reduction in the duties im- posed by the American tariff upon Australian wool, and some assistance from the United States Govern- ment in the form of a subsidy towards carrying on the steam mail service between Sydney and San Francisco. To enable him the better to effect his object with regard to the wool duties he obtained commissions from the Governments of Queens- land, South Australia, Tasmania, and New Zea- land accrediting him as their representative in this matter, as well as the representative of New South Wales, but notwithstanding all his efforts he did not succeed in obtaining either a modification of the duties or a mail subsidy. As he had refused to accept any money testimonial, it was arranged that a public banquet should be given in his honour, and a large number of members of Parliament gave him a banquet also. The citizens' banquet took place at the Exchange, where there was a large gathering, and the speech which Sir Henry made on the occasion attracted considerable notice by reason of the statement of the Government's intentions with regard to improving the city of Syd- ney during the next 10 years. Accompanied by his daughter, Miss Parkes, Sir Henry left Sydney on 29th December, 1881, on board the Pacific Mail Steamship Australia, his departure being marked by a public farewell demonstration, in which a very large number of people joined. The reception accorded to him in America, in Canada, in England, and in such portions of the Continent of Europe as he visited was cordial in the extreme, and far beyond that which had ever before been given to any public man from any one of the Australian colonies or from New Zealand. His return to Aus- tralia, after an absence of nearly eight months, was marked by a public demonstration, which had the additional merit of being shared in by the neighbour- ing colony of Victoria. On landing in Melbourne he was received by a deputation, headed by the Mayor, and in the name of the citizens invited to a banquet at the Town Hall. At the Redfern terminus, on the afternoon of his arrival in Sydney, a crowd of people numbering 8000 or 10,000 assembled, and an address couched in the most cordial terms was read by the Mayor on be- half of the citizens. In the evening he was enter- tained at a banquet given in the Old Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, more than 350 per- sons being present. At the banquet in Melbourne ho spoke in that broad Australian tone which at times he could so well assume, and which had earned for him the name, not only of a New South Wales, but an Australian, statesman. He saw no advantage to the people of New South Wales in any impediments to the career of any other colony's prosperity. New South Wales, as he regarded it, could gain no credit, no reputation, no solid stand- ing in the world by any misfortune falling upon her neighbours. The affairs of these colonies, he said in his Melbourne speech, " are managed best by our having an unfailing and fruitful faith in the re- sources and powers of each other, and in endea- vouring, while serving ourselves honestly, to serve our neighbours as best we may, and pulling to- gether in cordial union towards one great result. " And some federal agreement, whatever form it might take so long as it brought the colonies closer together in unity of action, was one of the things to be looked forward to in the future with unfailing interest. His faith in the great future which awaits Australia was so strong that he never lost an opportunity of expressing it. He told the people of Sydney what it was when he went away, and he let the people of Melbourne understand it when he returned and he came back from England with this belief in the magnificent destiny of these colonies stronger and more glowing than ever, and convinced that there was no country under the sun " so abundant in all that is necessary to constitute a great, powerful, and free nation as the Australian colonies. " DEFEAT OF THE PARKES-ROBERTSON MINISTRY ON THE LAND QUESTION. The Ministry of which Sir Henry Parkes was at this time Colonial Secretary and Premier had an ex- istence of a little more than four years. It was defeated on a land bill brought in by Sir John Robertson, who re-entered the Assembly in January, 1882, as one of the members for Mudgee. The country for some time had been crying out for an amendment of the Land Act of 1861. Sir John Robertson, as the author of that Act, strongly objected to any interference with its prin- ciples, and brought in a bill, not to redress the grievances complained of, but merely to "consolidate and amend" the various Acts in force relating to the land, and the con- sequence was that the measure was rejected. The Ministry went with tho bill, and the Government of Sir Alexander Stuart came into power. Sir Henry Parkes was able at the time to obtain a dissolution, but the country was against the Robertson land policy, and the Stuart party was returned to Parliament with a large majority. In this general election Sir Henry Parkes experienced, for the second time in his career, a defeat at East Sydney. Very quickly, however, Sir Henry Parkes was nominated for St Leonards and for Tenterfield, and for the latter constituency he was returned un- opposed. From that time until the latter part of 1886-nearly four years-he did not take any very prominent part in the proceedings of the Assembly. He sat in Opposition, but did not act as leader of the members of that side of the House until after the retirement of Sir John Robertson from Parliament and public life, and for some months he was absent on a second visit to England. THE FREETRADE GOVERNMENT OF 1887 It was not until the beginning of the year 1887 that he again came to power, and about this time he was created a G.C.M.G. The Stuart Ministry, which succeeded the Parkes-Robertson Administration, had been followed by a Ministry under the leadership of Mr (afterwards Sir) G. R. Dibbs, another under Sic John Robertson, and another at the head of which was Sir Patrick Jennings. The Jennings Ministry, though professing to be a freetrade Govern- ment, introduced a system of ad velorem duties, and found great difficulty in proceeding with business. Added to this was a serious disagreement between Sir Patrick Jennings and the Colonial Secretary of his Government, Mr. G. R. Dibbs, and eventually Sir Patrick Jennings abandoned office by handing the resignation of himself and his colleagues to the Governor. Sir Henry Parkes was sent for, and formed a new Administration, and Parliament went to the country on the question of freetrade versus protection. In announcing to the Assembly, at a time when there was a reluctance to grant new Ministry supply, that the House was about to be dissolved, Sir Henry Parkes said he did not fear the appeal to the country, and he should nail his colours to the mast, and either come gloriously through the conflict or sink honourably at the end of it. He did nail his colours--the flag of freetrade-- to the mast, and he carried them triumphantly through the country. His personal popularity at this time was unbounded; his activity in visiting many of the electorates in support of freetrade candidates or in opposition to candidates who favoured protection unparalleled. The protectionists sustained a crushing defeat, and at the close of the elections Sir Henry found himself at the head of a party pledged to the cause of free- trade numbering two- thirds of the total strength of the House. The Government did well, but it had some serious difficulties to encounter, and in the end it fell rather ignominiously. In the second session of the new Parliament Sir Henry Parkes's private affairs became involved to such as extent that he found it necessary to assign his estate. Under the law of that time relating to insolvency it was not necessary for his to resign his seat in the Assembly, but his position was made the sub- ject of a good deal of criticism, and in consequence he resigned, and went before constituents, who returned him unopposed. Much sympathy was felt for him, and a movement was started outside Par- liament to raise a fund which should place him for the remainder of his life in a sound pecuniary posi- tion, and at the same time be some recognition of his great public services. Among the measures which this Government passed were the Act repealing the ad velorem duties, the Naval Forces Act (under which the colony contributes for 10 years to the expense of the auxiliary fleet of cruisers and gunboats which are intended to strengthen the British squadron in Aus- tralian waters), the Railways Act, the Public Works Act, the Chinese Immigration Act, the Act which constituted the Board of Water Supply and Sewerage, and the Act which provided for the con- version of the Lachlan water reserve into the Centennial Park. Much time was lost in discussing, in connection with the Cen- tennial Park, a proposal to erect a State House, and in considering another proposal for appropriating to New South Wales the name of Australia. During this Administration the centenary of the colony was celebrated with great eclat. The Ministry went out of office in January, 1880, in consequence of the Assembly carrying a motion for adjournment moved by Mr. J. H. Want to enable him to complain of the appointment of Mr. Fehon to the position of Railway Commissioner under the Railways Act, and a new Government was formed by Mr Dibbs. GENERAL ELECTION OF 1889--THE FIFTH PARKES GOVERNMENT Almost immediately afterwards Parliament was dissolved, and another general election took place. Again there was a fierce contest between the free- traders and the protectionists, and this time with the result that the two parties returned to the House very evenly divided, but indicating a very small majority on the side of freetrade. On Mr. Dibbs meeting Parliament after the elec- tions he was anxious to avoid touching the fiscal question, and proposed to go on without, for a time, submitting any proposal for fresh taxation. Sir Henry Parkes met the announcement with a direct motion of want of confidence ; the motion was car- ried by 68 votes to 64, and Mr. Dibbs resigned. The new Government under Sir Henry Parkes was com- posed almost entirely of new men. Sir Henry was, of course, the leader, and among his colleagues were several men of first-rate ability, who, though new to office, gave promise of much usefulness. The Ministry was not able to do all that was announced in its opening programme. An amendment of the land law which was expected to prove beneficial was passed, and the Act providing for the payment of members of the Assembly. The crowning work of the Government, brought about by Sir Henry Parkes, was the movement for the federation of Australasia which resulted in the Federation Convention, held in Sydney. For a time he stood almost alone among his colleagues as the advocate of this great work. Eventually all joined with him, and he secured the sup- put of most politicians of both parties in New South Wales and of the Governments of the other colonies. It was in the early stages of this movement that he met with the unfortunate accident which confined him to his bed for many weeks with a broken leg. A man of different character might very well have abandoned all hope of further active life or useful- ness but his indomitable spirit kept hope alive, and notwithstanding his sufferings he continued to carry out the duties of his position as Colonial Secretary and Premier, and ultimately met the House, and presided at the Federation Convention, weaker in body than he had been before his accident, but mentally as strong and vigorous as ever. THE DEFEAT OF THE PARKES MINISTRY Sir Henry Parkes' sanguine hopes with regard to federation were not destined to meet with immediate realisation. Influences were at work, many of them the outcome of the great maritime strike, which tended to shake the freetrade party, and eventually introduced an entirely new and unlooked-for labour element into politics. The first session of 1891 opened in May, a couple of months after the convention, and naturally Sir Henry Parkes, in the Governor's speech made a special feature of the draft Consti- tution Bill, which was shortly, he announced to be placed before Parliament. Curiously enough, the present Premier, Mr Reid, who is now in the fore- front of the federation movement, was then regarded as the most serious antagonist to Australian union. Upon the Address in Reply, Mr. Reid moved an amendment unfavourable to the Draft. Bill but the personal influence of Sir Henry-- never stronger than at this particular time-- triumphed, and the address was adopted by a large majority. In spite of this promise of support, Sir Henry delayed proceeding with federation, prefer- ring first to go on with the Local Government and Electoral Bills. The change in tactics surprised the House, and, indeed, led to the downfall of the Parkes Government, for soon after Mr. Dibbs, then leader of the Opposition, moved a vote of want of confidence, and as the House proved equally divided in opinion-- 63 votes to 63--Sir Henry Parkes soon after dis- solved Parliament. The general election which followed in June and July introduced the new labour element into politics, and when the new Parliament met on the 14th July, Sir Henry Parkes found himself with a following of only 48 freetraders, whilst the Opposition numbered 56, and the labour members, whose attitude was as yet uncertain, counted 30 heads. For a time Sir Henry managed to keep the support of this latter party, and thus main- tained a working majority in Parliament. But the sacrifices demanded were too great, even for an ex- perienced politician. The end came over the Coal Mines Regulation Bill. An amendment to enforce the eight hours system was introduced into this measure, but on a motion for adjournment the Go- vernment was accidentally defeated, and Sir Henry resigned. Sir Henry still kept his seat in Parliament, but he resigned his position as leader of the Opposition soon after Sir George Dibbs had formed his new Ministry. His mantle fell upon Mr Reid, now the Premier, and upon this Sir Henry took up an attitude of hostility to Mr Reid and during a financial debate in De- cember, 1891, attacked him with great bitterness. The Dibbs Government, however, kept itself in power, and beyond a futile attempt to move a reso- lution of censure in October, 1893, condemning the Government for its action with regard to the sus- pension of the old electoral law, Sir Henry took but little interest in Parliamentary proceedings. On the dissolution of Parliament in July, 1894, the General Election took place under the new Electoral Act, and Sir Henry Parkes was re- turned for the division of St Leonards, which formed a portion of his old electorate. The result being a freetrade victory, Mr Reid was sent for to form a Ministry, and Sir Henry Parkes, his chance of the Premiership being for the time entirely lost, retired to the seat on the cross benches which he occupied to the end of his Parliamentary career. HIS LAST PARLIAMENT The short Parliament of 1894-5 was the last in which Sir Henry sat. Chagrined by Mr Reid's accession to the lead of the freetrade party and the Government, Sir Henry Parkes gathered around, him a very small party of personal adherents, and established himself upon the front Government cross- bench. He was fairly regular in his attend- ance in Parliament ; but owing to his age, seldom remained late. He spoke seldom, and then as a rule made the Government measures and policy the marks of his hostile comment. He was an irreconcilable, and occasionally drew fire from the Premier. It was often rather lamentable to see the isolation and the impotence of this once eminent public man. He sat in the very chamber where he had for many years been a leading figure. In the long hours when he sat, with bowed head and folded arms, solitary upon his bench he might well have peopled from memory the whole Chamber with the public men of our past-Wentworth, Lang, Lowe, Darvall, Cowper, Donaldson, Forster, Robert- son, Butler, Stuart, and among whom he counted as equal-and might have conjured many a scene of conflict when he drank delight of battle with his peers. He was out of sympathy with the new Assembly. The House heard him with respect even in his most acrimonious moods, but he had lost magnetism, and in his last Parliament he was often listened to with pain and wonder. He was parted from Sir George Dibbs, leader of the Opposition, by years of personal and political diver- gence. Mr Reid was his especial aversion, for Sir Henry, like the Turk could bear no rival near the throne. In the ranks of the Government were men whom he had introduced to office, and he never seemed reconciled to their association with the new Premier. On the Opposition side he was distrusted, and the labour members could not forgive him for his intolerance of their pressure when his government resigned. Hence, though a few mem- bers held by him still, he had become a negligeable quantity. But he naturally did not resign himself to a negative position. After sustaining for a long while the roll of candid friend to the Reid Administration and to the Dibbs Opposition equally, he, on 16th May, 1895, took a abided step by tabling a vote of no confidence on the ground that the continuance in office of the Government was injurious to the interests of the country by retarding much-needed legislation and prejudicing the cause of Australian federation. Sir George Dibbs declared that this course had his approval, and it was accepted by the Government accordingly. Sir Henry moved his resolution in a long speech, but one so destitute of his characteristic energy and ability that when he had finished every- one felt that it was wholly ineffectual. On 23rd May, after a wearisome debate, the motion was negatived by 67 votes to 34. The episode had the result of a temporary reconcilement between Sir Henry Parkes and Sir George Dibbs-an alliance which brought to the latter no strength, and to the former no dignity. In the Opposition ranks the truce between the old enemies led to stormy scenes, for, Mr Lyne and others refused the alliance on any terms. The peace was sealed by a breakfast after an all-night sitting, when, strange to say, both the knights were the guests at a Minister's table. On 30th May Sir Henry Parkes criticised with severity Mr Reid's telegram to the Agent-General about the selection of a new Governor, but the debate led to nothing. For the rest of the session he was little more than a spectator of Parliamentary procedure. THE CLOSE OF HIS POLITICAL CAREER On July 5 of last year, as the sequel of the Coun- cil's treatment of the Ministerial measures, Parlia- ment was dissolved. It was for some time thought that Sir Henry would offer himself for re-election at St. Leonards, but, tempted by his inveterate hostility to Mr Reid, and induced by a peculiar combination of Upper House, Oppositionist, and protectionist in- fluence, he was persuaded to contest King Division (the former East Sydney) in op- position to the Premier. The manifesto of Sir Henry alleged that he sought to be re- turned in the interest only of federation and good government, but the course of his canvass showed that it was a personal duel. The conflict was a bitter one, and repeated disorder characterised it, provoked mainly by Sir Henry Parkes and his Friends. On polling day, July 24, Mr Reid gained 608 votes to 468 cast for his opponent. In the midst of the contest, on July 16, Lady Parkes died, and the bereavement attracted to Sir Henry much Sympathy. After his defeat he made no immediate sign of an intention to re-enter politics. He shortly married for the third time. The disorder of his financial affairs became public, and just before Par- liament rose in December last a proposal was made and informally discussed with general approval to vote him a sum of £10 000, following the precedent in Sir John Robertson's case. Difficulties, h0wever, arose. A bill would have to pass to authorise the grant, and time did not permit of this measure being then introduced : hence the matter was left over till the session of the present year. Its chances were prejudiced by the attempted re-entry of Sir Henry into politics. In February last the seat in Waverley became vacant by the death of Mr. Angus Cameron through heat apoplexy, and after some hesitation Sir Henry upon requisition came forward. He was again defeated. Mr Jessop, the freetrade candidate, gained 698 votes ; Mr Barlow, the protectionist, 528; and Sir Henry Parkes 160. During this election, as in that for King Division, he professed to be actuated wholly by desire of good government, which meant, it seemed, the desire of any Government rather than Mr Reid's. Many people regretted that he should allow himself to be placed in the position of attempting to wreck the party which he had once led, and the interests he so long and so ably cham- pioned. Again, after this second defeat, he retired into private life, and, beyond an appearance at a few ceremonial and public functions, he was not prominent in the general mind. About a month ago notice was attracted to the sale of his library and other collections by public auction. Still more recently the theft and the recovery of his Windsor uniform were reported. On Thursday night, 9th April, he attended the Government House ball with Lady Parkes, and in the following week illness declared itself as the result of a chill. He was already weakened by diarrhoea and broncho- pneumonía sapervened. His medical adviser, Dr. Maurice O'Connor, was called in and attended the patient assiduously; but after several days during which the patient seemed mending, death occurred at 4 a.m. on Monday, 27th April, the im- mediate cause being failure of the heart's action, Sir Henry Parkes was thrice married. In 1836 he married Miss Clarinda Varney, who died in 1888. Miss Parkes, one of the honorary secretaries of the Queen's Fund, her sister, and Mr Varney Parkes, M.L.A for Central Cumberland, are children of this marriage. In 1889 Sir Henry married Miss Eleanor Dixon, and, as stated, she predeceased him, leaving issue several young children. The third Lady Parkes was Miss Julia Lvnch, who survives. She married Sir Henry Parkes in 1895. Besides his Grand Cross of SS Michael and George, Sir Henry was Commen - datore of the Crown of Italy, a decoration bestowed on him bv the King of Italy in recognition of his benevolent attentions to the miserable victims of the Marquis de Ray's attempt at colonisation. SOME GENERAL FEATURES IN SIR HENRY PARKES'S CAREER In large degree Sir Henry Parkes possessed the qualities of a social reformer, as well as the abilities of a statesman, and he was never tired of advocating the doctrines of social improvement when address- ing public audiences. A subject in which he prac- tically interested himself for many years was the training of friendless and refractory boys. He may be said to have been the founder of the Vernon scholarship, from which many scores of lads passed to useful careers as adults. Prison reform and the im- proved treatment of our lunatics owe much to him, for it was upon his report in 1861, when a select committee inquired into the state of the prisons of the colony, that a new and vastly better system was carried out in Darlinghurst Gaol, and it was he who was instrumental in introducing a very much im- proved state of things at Tarban Creek and Glades- ville. When he went into office 1866 the lunatic asylum was virtually a prison, but before the Government of which he was a member had retired from power the present wall surrounding Glades- ville was built, a recreation ground was formed, and the patients were allowed the privilege of en- joying themselves in the open air. Not only that, but he was responsible for the appointment of Dr. Manning, and for the mission upon which that gentleman was sent when he left the colony to in- spect the lunatic asylums and observe the mode of treatment of lunatics in Great Britain, on the conti- nent of Europe, and in America. Despatched on this mission at very considerable expense, upon Sir Henry Parkes's recommendation, and upon the re- sponsibility of the Government without the sanction of Parliament, it would not have been extraordinary if the expense incurred by Dr Manning had been objected to, but no objection was raised, nor was any objection made by the Assembly when the Callan Park estate was purchased, and Parliament after- wards asked to vote the cost of the purchase. Charles Dickens complimented Sir Henry Parkes upon his labours in the improvement of prisons and the amelioration of the condition of prisoners. Be- tween 1842 and 1857 Sir Henry Parkes courted the Muses, and published two small volumes of verses-- one called " Stolen Moments," and the other, " Murmurs of the Stream ". They met with some severe criticism, but the late American poet W C Bryant, and also Lord Tennyson, have said a good word for them. The volume of speeches published in 1876 has had a value attached to it both here and in England, and is a record of opinion extending over a quarter of a century. A few years ago Sir Henry published an important historical work, "Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History," which had much attention in England and in Aus- tralia. He lately issued a volume of sonnets. Besides his journalistic career as editor of the Empire news- paper Sir Henry Parkes used for some time to write the Parliamentary summary for the Herald, and occasionally contributed articles to these columns. During several years of his later life Sir Henry resided at the Blue Moun- tains, where he took up a free selec- tion, and improved it until he had succeeded in im- parting a charming appearance to the spot. He named it Faulconbridge, not, as is commonly sup- posed, after the maiden name of the first Lady Parkes, but after the name of a remote ancestor living in the Cromwellian period, and associated with the Protector. Disturbing the natural attrac- tions of the locality as little as possible, he employed art so skilfully and well as to make Faulconbridge beautiful and romantic. Subsequently he removed to Parramatta, and thence to Balmain and Annan- dale. Throughout his public career Sir Henry Parkes was in correspondence with many of the foremost men in England, and nothing was more interesting to the visitor at his residence than to spend half an hour in glancing over some bulky volumes, carefully treasured, full of letters and autographs that gave curious glimpses into the actions of men who have been among the leaders of the world. _ 