THE PRIMACY OF, THE ROMAN PONTIFF. ARCHBISHOP CARR'S SECOND LECTURE. The second lecture on the above subject was delivered by Archbishop Carr on Sunday evening at St. Patrick's Cathedral The following is a synopsis of it - In my last lecture I quoted exclusively Pro testant testimony to prove (1) that St Peter it was in Home (2) that he finally fixed his see in some and was married there, and (1) that his primacy was not temporary, but was continued after the admission of the Gentiles into the Christian Church, and was transmitted to his successors in tin Bonum fell. I next addressed myself to the testimony in favour of the primacy of the Roman Pontiff which is contained in the first uninspired document' that has come down to us in connection with Christian history name!), the letter of St. Clement to the Corinthians No one now doubts the authenticity of this letter and since 1875 by a fortunate discovery, we have it in its entirety As its witness to the Prune) had been questioned by Protestant writers, I thought it well to examine their statements, and to show that antecedently we had no right to expect such clear cut evidence as it" affords of the exercise of supreme jurisdiction on the part of the reigning Roman Pontiff in the affairs of a distant an! Apostolic Church It was written about the year Al) 'b or % while St John, the beloved disciple, still ruled the Church in 1 phases And though Ephesus was nearer to Corinth than Home was still when dissensions arose amongst the Corinthians their eyes turned not towards the beloved disciple but towards the successor of St. Peter llweaupposi as the first paragraph of his letter seems to suggest that St Clement a authority was invoked by the Corinthians, Such action on their part would imply a recognition of the supreme authority of the Roman See It, as Protestants more commonly conjecture, fat Clements inter fe rence was unsolicited, then the proof would be all the stronger that he claimed the right, and recognised the obligation, of exercising jurisdiction whenever the spiritual needs of particular dioceses dem indeed the in conference of the Supreme ruler of the Church, here as he himself implies the area of the Domitian persecution were still smouldering in Home it was only a deep sense of the re sensibilities of his office that could mon St Clement to dirt at his attention to the troubles that timated I the legitimate its government of the distant Church of Corinth Alter in taking the Three Persons of the Blessed Trinity, he demands under the most solemn sanctions submission to his authority, and pronounces a definite sentence on the question at issue, namely) the true position or recognition of the bishop and some presbytery of the Church of Corinth The attempt to controvert the evidence of these concrete facts by the evasion to which Protestant writers have recourse manifests a determination to put aside even the plainest proof of the exercise of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff in the first centuries of the church s existence I promised to deal to night with the testimony of St Iren us not because it comes next in strict historical sequence, but because, like that of St Clement, its meaning and force have been recently challenged It is a matter for congratulation however, that us in the case of St Clements letter, there is no attempt to question its authenticity And as St Clement was the intimate friend of the founders of the Roman Church, SS Peter and Paul, so, too did St Iren cus through his master St Polycarp, receive the tradition and imbibe the spirit of the beloved disciple It would be difficult to find in biographical literature so pathetic a word menin as St Irenxua lines painted on the ni mons between St Polycarp, his own master, and St John, who was in turn the master of St Polycarp I can tell he writes 'even the very place where the blessed Polycarp was wont to sit and discourse and also his co mines in his walks the complexion of his life and the form of his body and his conversa- tions with the people and his family irtntercour swim John as he was used to tell of it as also his intimate) with those that had seen the Enid How also be used to relate their discourses and what things he had heard from them concerning the Lord Also can certain. His miracles Htsdoctrines all these were told by Polycarp in consistency with the Holy Scriptures as he had receive 1 them from the eye witnesses of the doctrine of salvation These things by the mercy of God and the o| fortune) then afforded me I attentive!) heard notice, them down not on paper but in my heart and these same facts him always in the I abit by the grace of God, of recalling faithfully to ruins Amongst these traditions which St Polycarp received from St John and handed down to St IreiiTiis were a tender devotion to our blessed Lord in the sacrifice and sacrament of his love, as well as to Ilia immaculate mother, whose glory is IrcnxUB has proclaimed in landing remarkable for its scientific precision and jet glowing with filial affection Even Protestant writers of eminence have recognised the identity of the doctrine of St Irenteus, so clearly set forth is it in his writings, with the doctrines of the Catholic Church of to day Thus Dr Graber u learned Protestant divine and commentator of Irenreus, who has made the writings of the fathers his more particular study, observia - It is certain time previous and all the Fathers either contemporary) with the Apostles or their immediate sus Messers whose writings are still extant, considered the Blessed Eucharist to be the sacrifice of the New Law and offered bread and wine on the altar as sacred oblations to God the Father and that this has not the private opinion of any particular church or teacher, but the public doctrine and practice of the Universal Church which she received from the Apostles and the from Christ Is express shown in this place b) Irenous and before him by Justin M and Clement of Rome Let us now consider the testimony borne by St Arnaud to the primacy of the House See Bishop Lightfoot attaches great importance to St Irenreus as a witness to the Christian belief in the second century He lays emphasis on the historical back ground which brings that testimony into bold relief St Iren era, he reminds us, " was connected directly with the Apostles and the Apostolic age by two distinct personal mi a, if not more ' His death means must be regarded as distinctly) representing three churches at least Asia. Minor, Rome, and Game Thus he is backed by a whole phalanx of past and con temporaneouB authority) It is well then to attend to the witness of one who had snell special opportunities of learning the traditions of the Apostolic Church I have been charged with curtailing quotations from the we writings of St Pierre as Curiously) enough Catholic controversialists strongly) recommend that St Iren cus should be always quoted extensively, so saturated is he with Roman doctrine Writmgugninst tin Gnoatica who pretended repossess private tradition in virtue of which each of them "improving the rule of the truth was not ashamed to preach himself be a ts forth the one original tradition which the Apostles, "only when they had first been investi- ed with the power of the Holy Ghost coming down on them and en duel with perfect knowledge, delivered to the churches founded by them. ' And this the action of the Apostles he writes 1 manifested in the whole world may be seen in ever) church I) all who have the will to see what is true and we can in the chain of those who by the Apostles were appointed bishops in the churches and their successors down to their time who have met her faiths nor known such delirious dream as these climactic for had the Apostles known all reserved i isterlod which they taught to the perfect set arately and secret) from the rest assuredly the) world! have delivered them to those especially to whom they entrusted the churches to emperors For very perfect and reprehensible In all respects till they wish those to be whom the) left for their own miix-essora, deliv critic over to them their own office of teaching, by correct contact on whose part c,reatndiantap;e would accrue us from their fall the iitliiostc-amil) But since it were len done. in a volume like this to enumerate the succession of all the churches we make the church to create the most ancient and known to all founded and established at Home I) the two most florin is Apostles Peter and Paul and mounting out the tradition which It lins receive from the Apostles and the faith which it has announce i to men reaching,. down to us by the succession of its Hanois we conform 1 use Those who form societies other than the) merit in any way whether for a cake of self fancied doctrines or throned bills These Bill an evil mind or with (or to) this church on account of its superior principle It is necessary li at every church agree (or tonic whether) that Is the faithful who are everywhere In which ( r a com- mission with which) the tradition which is from the Apostles has been preserve 11 by those (the faithful) who are every) where He would examine the last sentence with the aid of the context The argument of St Irenteua was that all churches traced their tribesmen and succession to the Apostles He mentioned only time churches by name Home, Smyrna, and 1 please, all of which had Apostles for founders M du n he speaks to tin Hollian Church has attributes to it an incommunicable prerogative Every other church ' must agree with it or must rePort to it,' greater potentates jerimiah latter It was because of the men powerful principality V hut was the principalities of which he spoke It could not in the antiquity of the Roman Church since St IrentuuB himself brushed away that interpretation ever was in the purity of the Roman Church, that urge mint was a mere figment of the muiMiiik tion Nor was it the end authority of Bonn, tor he did not make the most remote allusion to it. It was the fact that the Roman Church was the centre of unity and the bulwark of defence against all here a) St Irenaeus him that explained the Yarra The word occurs in eleven different pOHHnc,C8 and always meant authority) or supremely) Ila Greek quit val it was AiUnuittn which me that absolute sway) Catholics were unani- mons in this interpretation of that missing wlulHt Protestant interpretations had been mutually) destructive, and the precise point which our ProtiBtiint translator had urged aisiiuiBt the Catholic view had been freely ' conceded to it by another. He would examine the passage clause by clause, and would summon the moateminentProteatnntscholars who would witness to the correctness of the translation he had given. Canon Bright, RegiuaprofessorutO\tord,ü!eseler,Saumui8e, Beaven, Tlnersch, Stieren, Zeigler, the translators of the Libi at 2) o) (he was hos- (Clark's Standard Ed.) these really learned men would bear out the truthfulness of this translation. Among the many devices to elude the force of the words of St. Irenieus there was one which called for a brief anal) 818\. It was not original , it had lately been presented with a parade of pedantic erudition and had the merit of being the most absurd and illogical of the many renderings of the celebrated passage of St. Irenocus. it made the same say that every alien must agree with Rome, since the faithful came to it from all quarters, each bringing with him the tradition of his own church. Against such an attempt at translation it was enough to say that St. Irenieus was giving an unmistakable rule by which heretics were to he put to silence, and he was bound to express himself in precise terms The persons who gave such a translation must have read history backwards They seemed to imagine that perfect peace prevailed, and that the Messrs. Cook and Sons of the period were offering most liberal terms to Christian travellers who desired to gather up the traditions in Home. It was an incontestable fact that Christians who went to Rome in that period went at Sheperd of their lives. But beames perverting history, those who set up such a translation of St Irenieus by substituting tradition for Scripture abandoned the fundamental principle of Protestantism. St. Iremcua might be said to have summed up his whole teaching in this That Rome was the fountain head of the apostolic doctrine, and therefore the standard by which the faith of every other church was to be tested. The authority of St. Iren ears had been quoted against what some one had been pleased to call the Roman fiction" of St. Peter having been the first Bishop of Rome. A little learning was a dangerous thing. The writer of that phrase evidently knew nothing of the second enumeration of the line of Roman bishops b) St Trenaman. and the saint left only one enumeration that would have sufficed, for just as one in proving the present English Sovereign's right to the throne would say that Queen Victoria is the fifth in succession from George the First without excluding the last name from the line of English sovereigns, so St Irenieus could any that St. Clement was the third from the Apostles without excluding the Apostles from the line of Roman bishops. The controversy between Pope Victor and St Premiers had been trotted out once more, with a certain class of controversialists it was landed, colours Candace. Put in the strongest light the argument came to this St. Iren ears could not have considered the Roman Pontiffs supreme the others, because, in a matter which St. Irenieus himself declares had no connection with Ruth., The ex boarded the Koonin bishop to proceed with moderation, and not to cut off whole churches from his communion. The whole effort of Iron us was to dissuade Victor from using the power which it was clearly imply d that he possessed, more particularly) as the question at issue was not one regarding faith or necessary discipline The control ers) regarded the observance of K Sister. St. heavens did no more than had been done repeatedly by bishops individually and collectively, in the history of the church. As in a former lecture this difficulty had been fully dealt with, he would now merely repeat the words of a distinguished Protestant, Professor Harnack. " Pope Victor," he wrote, ventured by an edict to declare that any church which didnotobaervethe Roman method (of observing Easter) was excluded as hen tied from the communion of the one church. How could Victor have ventured on such an edict it it was not already established and recognised that it belonged to the Roman Church as its distinctive prerogative to determine the condition of the force chiefs, when essential doctrines of the last were in question is" Will any person of ordinary intelligence presume to question Hiirnnck's view ' To bring it home to our minds we have only to consider what would occur it in our day the reigning Pontiff, Leo XI II., addressed the Archbishop of Canterbury requiring his obedience under pain of being cut off from the unity of the church. It is only fighting with the question to bring forward some scattered instances of opposition to the exercise of an admitted authority). If isolated opposition to the exercise of authority) pre- supposes its non-existence or is sufficient to a set it aside, then no authority), human or divine, could long subsist. Here 11 lose the examination of the testimony of St. Previous to the supremacy) of the Roman Pontiff. His testimony, supporting that of St. Clement, is a strong link in the chain which reaches back to the Prince of the Apostles, and to those momentous days when from the lips of Him who spoke as never man spoke there came the words, " 1 thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it," No. Apart from all historical evidence, and, indeed, independent of his connection with the See of Rome, these words are the warrant of the Primacy of Peter and of his Successors. On next Sunday evening their full import and the irrefutable Scripture proof that is built upon them will be countered. a 