SHREDS AND PATCHES. .[.By Tatterdemalion.J “ Snafee3 is it ?” growls Bill the “ boozer,” one of a trinity of hard cases who were dying for a soak, and sorry a “tray” owned either to ring the changes on. Sp they .whiled away the weary.hours by telling snake yarns and pitying those Melbournites who fled in terror from Professor .Davis'' “ tame” reptiles.’ “I’ve seen stacks of ’em up the-North-eastern,” continued -Bill, “os ’ud plizzie Professor Davies, Professor Gibson or anybody else to get to wind ’ard of ’’em; My l ye should ha’ seen a •jigger’ I picked up one-night for a rotten limb to bile my billy—as crooked as a ram’s horn, and kept stiff till I tried to break it across my knee, and then bent like a willow and kept the crook. It's the truth I tell ye ! I just gathered a handful of leaves and barK, put the crooked stick on top, struck a match, lit the leaves, put the billy on, when, s’help me jumpin’ Moses, that ’er snake shot through, my knees like a flash, • glim.’ I had neer another match, was left supperless, and so took a chew 'of a ‘tjuid’ and wrapped iuy blanket round me.” “Hang that for a yam,” grunted “ Cheriky Tom.” “ Onst I camped on the Loddon wid ‘ Ironbark Moike,’ and the one tint served the two on us. Oi alus read to Moike, and be the powers he got to sleep thin loike a choild. The ould man ‘ soaked ’ a bit, an’ this night he was nursin' a beer bottle. I kept an oye un the book, and |and anither un Moike, but the soight o’ a 6ft. snake shootiu’ into the tint and wrigglin' on to Moike’s blnnkets fairly flnmixed me, Moike saw'd 'im too, so he took a long pull at the' bottle and came down sbmack on the riptile’s head wid it. Thin we burnt the var mint.” “To Hay with that for a snake yarn,” said “ Flash Dan." “When I was a member of a rifle club, I was shooting against a “ crack chap, and the loser had to sliout for all hands. We used canvas targets, and the ciack had piled on a few bulls, centres and magpies. Well I got down to it, and did the bat trick straight, away, and was sighting for another bull when a snake was chased across the‘line and took refuge in my barrel. I: just blazed away and landed that snake, in my last bullet hole, and the thing stuck half way through and hung like a herring in a net. Our cap tain. a rollicking blade, slung his rifle and called ‘Coineon, boys,’ and shouted for all hnuds, a thing he never did in his life before, aud they all drank deep to the champion snake shot.” The talk was of spiritism, theosophy, and ghosts. One ’vert to Annie Besant’s. new faith inaudled about until ' I.' longed,n ,to choke him. Another} gave bis experience, cand I fairly / thought him mail. TlieiT a third rehearsed a ghost story. A friend, a business man, a stout old chap, as hard-headed as you make ’em was bustling to get away, and was about to put a stamp on a letter to drop in the box on his way home. In the flurry his fingers had be come somewhat clammy and the wetted stamp fluttered to the floor. He eyed Her Majesty's counterfeit presentment, and, like a townsman, if he did not interject he at least mentally thought it '• an awful thing to be fat.” Well, he stooped to get that stamp, but, great Scott, it started to-travel across the floor. He straightened himself, scratched his head and gaped open-mouthed and bulge-eyed at the vision while thoughts of Kitty King, Mrs. Mellon and other exposed mediums crossed his mind. By this time the stamp was travelling up the wall and describing curves thereon. Bracing himself up he pounced on that stamp and found it had adhered to the back of a fly. So much for that ghost! 