ECHOES. (By Sound.) That Pan Bony is a fnooy fellow, ana daring bit long and, deservedly, vnoeeBsfid career ss a ilieatricaln/reprenenr baa bad some fancy experieodea. Oa one occasion, when be wib nut so well known at V/»mper- don-n as be is now, be nought for, but was refneed, accommodation at an hotel where now he is made welcome. "EveDtailly," he tells me, " I got accommodation at a tem perance boardiog- boosp, at which the knives and forks were chained to the table, and 80 blessed short were tbe chains that I Hid to bend forward over my plate in order to reach my moatb-' He added, " Poor Msjeroni hid a similar experience, only be went to a boarding-hooee st wblcb commer cial travellers were reputed to stay, merely to fiod hiauelf in tbe company of a borde of Hindoo hawkers. I had another queer experience at VYarroambool when playiog 'Our Boys.' On arrival I went (o see tbe box plan, and to my surprise, found that not a single seat bad been reserved. How's this! I exclaimed, Judge Mobs worth has desired me to secure the whole ot tbe Hist row for himself and party. Write across it Judge Molessrorth and party.' Tbis was done, and that night, sir, every seat in the reserved place had its occupant, except those in the first row, which were empty. No wonder. Judge Molesworth was f&r; away in Melbourne at the time, but how that faibiou- able audience kept looking for the expected arrival of Hib Hooorand party can be better imagiued than described. Qotii tbe bicycle sports on ZMoce of Wales' Birthday, I never knew that promin ent veins were a sign of power, but from a conversation overheard it would appear I , had previously been in darkness. A critic locking at tbe several competitors just about to etart for one of the events, exclaimed— "Ye may talk as yc like about your Ket- tletone, ebu re he's only a skimp of a fellow when compared to Mac there. Lok at him. There's a stamp of a man for ye. Look at him. What a foine fellow he is, and tchat magnificent varicose veins lie lias in those legs of his. By dad he's a broth of a boy from onld Ireland, and share he's boond to win." Whether the varicose veins hsd anything to do with it or not, one thing is certain, Mac woo from etart to finish, and us he is really a fine fellow no win conld hare been more popular with the crowd, seeing that oor local representatives had not the ghost cf a show. Report has it that W. G. Spence has turned squatter and ardent free-trader iu New South Wales. Well I'm not so sur prised as some at his having abandoned pro- tection, as he showed a tendency that way when he discovered it was not eeteemed a palatable doctrine by ibeeltctors of Dundee. I am, however, astonished to hear cf ihis great follicular joining tbe a' my of, ac cording to him when in \ jctoria, land monopolist?, and it will be interesting to watch how he will deal with tbe Bbearcre. lean scarcely believe it. In Victoria he posed as a poor man, actuated chiefly by fraternal love for suffering humanity, and the shearers in particular, but fortunes are eometimes quickly made now-a-daye, and may be be has made one. With ibis, if be has, as reported, became a landed pro prietor, he will, of course, provide iuxorioos accommodation for hie employes, pay tbe highest rate of wag-sf etc. How very different, always presuming the report to be well founded, has his fate been to that of his prominent disciple, Slattery of that ilk, who, although now residing in a substantial structure is, for the tunc being, dead to the world. Many years ago there lived in that fashion able suburb, Toorak, an old atheist tb«o whom no mia in this world coald have s greater contempt for parsons. Vaiuiy did the Episcopalian clergyman seek to draw him within the fold, be would have none of it. Time pasfed until one evening when a well known Croon of the church was assist ing the iucumbeQt. Just previous to the commencement cf the sermon the verger handed the Rev. Mr. a letter. This, purporting to be from tbe brother of the atheist, stated that the latter was on bis death bed, and waa expressing penitence for his previous lsck of faith and many sine. So ' delighted was the rev. incumbent at this no- looked for but welcome change that, dismis sing the c-jDgregation, he, accompanied by the Caoon, Lurried away to the bedside of the dying man. Bis sorprise can be imagined when on knocking at the door he heard a voice he kccw wtll shout, ' Who the — — : ii tl-.Lre." ' It is I and the Rev. Canon replied the clergyman. " It is, is it," shouted the voice from within, "and what the du you want 5" 41 We wish to see Mr. — — who, we have been told, is very ill.' "Who tcld you eg "His brother wrote." "His brother, eh! well, he is no good, no better than you are,clear out." And ibt-y cleared to subsequently find they had beeu hcaxed. Pluto, the featherweight fighter, who has made so much money out of a Westero Aus tralian mine, that he has given np the rioff, drives his carriage and takes music leesooe, began bis career in the stable of tbe trainer known as I. T. Carslake. While there a big fellow in the stable kicked the lad Pluto and grosdy insnlted him. The lad Slid nothing just then, but later on went to his employer, and having ascertained that he had £3 to draw, said he would take it oa Siturday for & fight with tbe big fe low who had kicked him. His employeradvised him that tbe other fellow was very much too heavy fur him, but finding that Pluto would have a fight, agreed to pot up £5 for him. When tbe other man was approached he was grossly inenlted at the suggestion that he fcliould light the lad, but seeing a certainty of pickiog up £5, he eveutualiy made the match. They met on Caulfield racecourse and the heavy-weight was very j icular at the anticipation of what an awful dressing- down the little fellow was about to receive. But when they got to work tbe fun was all the other way. Pluto fought like an india-rubber ball, and while his big opponent was killing himself tryiog to hit him, he was busy with both hands, and he finally left his mac a perfect wreck on tbe racecourse. This was the feather weight's first tight for money, and one of tbe easiest he ever won. There is alwuys room for doubt as to whether the festive souls who ke;p the anniversaries of ourGracionB Queen aod tbe Prince of Wales really grow enthusiastic be- cause <f tlicir loyalty to the throue, or whether tbey simply celebrate a day's holi day, an opportunity for having a good time, in fact. However there was no room for doubt in tbe case of a small party of revel lers who Kept np the Prince's birthday to a late hour last Monday night. Tiiey emerged from the scene of the revels in a somewhat nocertaic condition as to legs, and as soon as the fresh air siruck their heated brows everybody wanted badly to assist a fence or a boaee or some other structure to stand up. One rushed blindly to the assistance of a lamp post, and as he swung bis arms around tbe pillar, he exclaimed, ' Who can shay. we're not loyalsh now!" "God save — Iber — Priucb — nv — Walesb/'Jsaid another as the gutter came up and fait him on tbe « head. " I never mitdied bis htrtbdsy jainy life." The rest were so full of loyal-osd patriotic sentiments and saveloys and Other ' matters that they conld not find words to express their sentiments, bnt it may be taken for granted that their celebration was thorough and hearty. The enthusiasm of some of onr brave de fenders in Victoria is beyond parallel in British bUtory. Not content with giviog np tbelr time and ezpeadicg much ol their-, bard-earned substance in' keeping them selves op to en " efficient" Btaodard they continually evolationize in privat®, jait by way of practice, and to preeerve that supple ness of limb and rigidi'y of muscle which should be the physical equipment of every soldier. Two soldiers met recently lo a Western district town, and celebrated the meeting after the fashion of famous generals, who have gripped each other's hands' at various periods in the annals jpf 4be Eoffliih,. nation. Both were strictly oh iigbt duly, bat only one had a horse and ajsomcy before him. Naturally bis comrade elected to " aheef m-ofP' and together tbey repaired lQ the b tables. The horseman troogbt an ancient and hitherto reliable ateed -fntp. the street, and after eeverol . btv \- tempts vaulted into ' tbe saddle.-: \- He had no sooner found his irons than the! other eoldier bad on inspiration. Darting off at a pace intended to be even time be; yelled' that be was fagitive, theenemy waa dose npon him and his only hope of raciiii lay with the -eddier on hoistfback. Away .went that gallant fafl private as hard bis tiie; bid horse conld ley boof _to mirtd. /'In'fSOJ yards he ovei took the fugitive wad Ater.' desperate struggle succeeded -In patiiog tkiffl op behind, and sttoff for a point of safety- . Unfortunately. iho fdd horse ntnjonctore - managedto miuBKvre. Planting hu bead betwee&bls; leg and making In boomerang of his hack after the moefnpprovcd style, the animal ' went to market " with the: reanlt that both soldier were deposited on the; metal with n cbnalderable doable thnd. " Hello !''aid tbfi rider;:who.Wu« not ranch hnrt, "are yoa there fagitimh ?V ''Pirt-, of-rae-iih," retnroed the fugitive. "Ate — you — going to — hick — eshcape from the enemieh — again? - " No, 111 eee— the— enemish — blanked — fosh. Fd sooner be a priebner." Meanwhile the old hone had made the best of hie way home, and the pair of soldiers were compelled to gather op their fragments and go into -cantonments until next morning. 