VISIT OF THE B.C. BISHOP 1 CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S. The Sacrament of Confirmation waa admin istered in the above church on Sunday by the - Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of BaUarat. Masses were celebrated at 8 wud 1L The Rev. Jfathrr Shanahan officiated _at. the latter, and his Lordship .preached from the Gospel, Luke vL, 36-42— ' ' At that time Jesus «a;d to hi disdples, 4 Be ye m&ciful; as your Father al»o is mertafaL Judge not, and you aball not be judged. Condemn not, and you shall not be condemned. Forgive, and you shall be forgiven. Give ss . it ' shall be given to you : good measure and pressed down, and shaken to gether, shall tbey give into your bosom. For with the saifae measure that you shall mete witbal, it shall be measured to you a gain and he spoke alio to tbem a similitude Can the bind lead the blind? Do ihey not" both. fall into the ditch? The disciple is not above his master ; but every one shall be perfect if he be us bis master, and why. seest.thon. the mote in thy brother's eye but the beam tht is in I by own eye thn cjoridercs; not Ur how c«nst thou say to thy brother, " Brother, let me pull: the mote out of tby eye, wh<;» tbou thyself Biest not the be«m in thy own eye? Hypocrite, cast firat the beam out of thy own eye and then abalt thou see clearly to t-ikeout tli-i mate from thy brotberis eye." In tbe course of an eloquent and exceedingly practical discourse His Lordship dwelt upon the forgiveness of injuries. Tbe divine yrecpt commanded mnn to lore his neighbour, and by neighbour in thia oase was meant all mankind. If man instead of forgiving from his heart his enemies and «U those who of fended bim, cont'nued to harbour ill-will to wards tbem, he could expect no mercy from Gud. At the conclusion of mass, tho Bishop, a sated by tbe Rev. Father Shmahan, adminis tered confirmariou. The nature of th9 sacra ment was lucidly explained. The Candida' es were seitcd within the sanckuaty, and numbered sixty-five. Tlie girls were neatly attired in white with wreaths aud veflp, and theredsariits of 'he boys coctia-ted beautifully with ihe white dresses of tbe girls. Prior to re ceiving tbe racratncot the coofirmers effectively sang <he appropriate hymn, ' Come Holy Gh -fifc," and tbe order which cbarsc'erised their movements as hey walked two and two up to the Bibhop, and then filing to the right and 1-f t to rosome their seats was n graceful and impressive pcc'acle. His Lordship agiin ad dressed the conflxmet s, reminding tbem that prior to the coming of the Holy Ghost tbe Apustles were timid and cowardly. The proceedings ter minated with a beautiful hymn, 41 Tia the moutb of our mother." Id tho evening at ves- ' pers, Father Sbunahan officiated and delivered a well reasoned and practical discourse on the Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviii. 18-20. 