\- 1& 'itSfcRUBfoSnr* ^'6 ?* p *? ELSIE'S FOIiLY. - CHAPTER XIV. ?'It' cannot be ! Oh ! It is too pitiftyl, too cruel t It cannot be !' excUitned,;Frank Longford. jf tie-cold ' ki^n shook bis boad and sat dawn in an^ariri-'fetoir, trembling, vio lently. , ' Ho was a man in a thousand,' be said : ' a man whom wa ' reposed ex plicit confidence in. My, partner .''Mr. Glaisher, was only .BpeqkiygrJaBt iveek about our making a substantial increase in his salary- Yesterday— vetf', only yester4&y; .mprping7r-he .^tood here near the? vrtpdtfw IpopngHpnt ifcto the a|reet. I- cannot1 say-he ldcrked-'welf,1 as ho- wai evidently far from well— his face was pale and worn. I don't believe be could have had an hours sleep the pre vious night. This- trouble about his frieild, whatever it tnay have been, evi dently ( pressed very heavily upon liim. And to lose1 his life in endeavoring to help him ? Oh ? It is terrible. His wife,-.'JJhi8| ,p»)or jprjogwife,.what an awful, crushing blow for her. Dear me, it seems but; the. otb^r day that he was married. ' A sudden affair, was it not 7' . . ' Ye s,' . ; . ' And now, poor girl I— he. told me she wa^ -ybung— sho-is with you to- day, is she not 7 I.saw ydur telegram, you know. You 'sard. ' EIsie/ is^ith us, OomBW'actokilVpbyiblei All Well.'' ' Yes, she, is witK.iis.' ?' iBid.she^does' ^be;know the reason of Her &tuW;»d'aaudden .journey 7' \ ' She- thinks ebo doe9,' was the. gtltfdbd'reply. ' She herself' happened td'Bfyajfay from home. She went away 1 the .preyious day.' ' Ah ! I see. Then the poor fellow may not have had an opportunity of ex plaining fnlly, though, doubtless, he wrote .,to her. But what can we do*— — what mnst we do ?' 'I know what I must do,' Frank Langford said. ' I must get back to Oroydon, and ask my wifo or her cousin to tell; the .sad new j to Fred's' Wife ; I ovrd -I havn'fc the 'courage to -toll her ; and then I shall be off to Torquay. I wish I conld start1 at once, but I must go hofae'-first.'' ' A Yes, yes, of course. Thepoorgirl will .hear, (mcst hear, . sooner or . later. Althou&h; 1 a stiranger,' to me, you will convey my sincere sympathy, Mr. Lang for£. ,:iTou wjlltell her anything, preify- thirig ' tfiat we can do to Kdp ^er we' N shall do. Her husband1 was our right- ' hand tntkn^-as honest and upright as the day, one who made his employers interests his own ; a man in a thousand, sir, a man in a thousand.' CHAPTER XV. Like one in a'dream, Frank Langford walked out of the office into the crowded street, hajled a hansom, and started on his'no&eward; way. 'His fellowpassen gers in the railway carriage looked at him' ; wonderingly, ! put, be was quite un conscious of their scrutiny. He lieard tvo of-'itbem talking of the 'fire' at the Gorrnna Hotel, Torquay. One declared it had commenced at midnight ; another, that no indications ' of a -fire- were seen until three o'clock, ' It nould%aye:been a mercy if it~had ocoured at midnight,' said: tbe. one wbo had named the hour of- three. ' Tho nigliV^tttclynaiij at ' least, wonld have beaa at fiis p'ost, even supposing all the visitors and the servants had retired so early.' ' Night watchman I Hall porier, I; Boppose.you mean. Well, he oughtto have ibeen on duty all the night, 1 should imagine,. .grumbled ; :the one who con tended for the... midnight time. ' I ex pect when the truth comes out— that is, if .it does conie out-— we shall find some hitherto trusted individual was drank aqd incapable,' and that 'negligence of duty led to .the catastrophe.' ' TherA Will be more particulars in the later.' Editions,' interposed a quiet, gen tlemanly-lookingman. !4he * tfaifi[ stiJjjpecl. ' Fiank Langford stepped out of the carriage, telling him self he should have gone mad - had . he been,compelled to stay there longer. ' idiots !' he said to himsalf — ' what is the fire to them 7 Something to argue about— something to tbeorise upon. Ah, well, ' Heaven help, the poor young wife,'! tha£ good old man said. So say I, for alas ! I feel that our help will not avail much. Poor girl ! poor girl.' Nellie tojs 'in ..the garden when her husband xeaohed Rose Cottage. One glance at his face convinced her '.hat he was the bearer of unwelcome tidings. . * ' What , 18 ; it, Frank— what is it 7 ' she exclaimed. ' You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' So I'have— the ghost of a woman's happiness. Poor, poor-Elsie.' ' W-by poor Elsie 7' exclaimed Nellie, wob'deringly. ' Ob, Frank, surely you don't mean to say that your cousin won't acoept' iier . explanation, that he is so angry with her' for ' mistrusting him that hi'tfefuses' to bo Reconciled 7 He must beji'hdrtidjman toactinsuch away. Surely lie lias not sent you a message, to - this effect, has he 7 ' ' Hush, dear ' said Frank Langford, gently. , Hd is dead— he died this morn ing.' He put his arm round her as he spoke, and leading her into a little Rummer house, gave her the paper containing the dreadful news. She read it in silence, but every particle of color left the fair, sweet face. i( Frank,' she whispered — ' Frank — oh ! poor, poor Elsie,— need we, must we tell her 7 ' ' Someone must. Remember, she will wonder, is wondering now, why no reply has come to my message. I am going to Torquay, dear ; I must start at once. I must leave Elsie to you and Gladys. Where is Gladys 7 ' ' In lu-r bedroom. She wants Elsie to «Ieep there tq-night ; we both think she ought not to attempt to move about for a day or two, at least until her foot is better. We left, her alone for a few minutes, thinking she might rest a little, she has had scarcely . any sleep the two nights, aud so 'mtioh anxiety; and how for this to come. What will she do 7' ' Go, dear-rgo in . at once and tell Gladys.' Nellie obeyed,:and it was ^Gladys who consented to break the sad tidings to Elsie. She tbld her very gently/ kneeling be side the couch with her arms round ,ber. jl aiu so lUUUKiia you are wim us, dear,' she said, as she finished the brief, sad story. ' I wish we could bear your trouble for you; I wish we could do ; something more than assure you of . our love and sympathy.' ' You are very kind,' Elsie said, in a voice that sounded strangely ; unlike her j owrii ^otf ?areiver^%ovbd tame, all of ; 'you ; but you see, one must reap as one : sows. My blindness; my ' folly in mis trusting; ,a . man , so good; aqd true, has driven -him ?tb'-his ' derftb; : 5-If I had ? sought another explanation before rush : ing a.way .from home -that -night— if I ; had given him the opportunity—^' ' Dear, yon were sorejy tried— we all. think s6,!^Gla^dy8-nlur^1Uredi . A ' Tried. Yes, perhaps I was, or I thought so anyhow ; but pure gold stands the fire. I- ? ' ' Hush; dear, you must not reproach yourself, your sorrow is heavy enough ' without add{ng to it.' ' It can never be added ;to, it is as great as it can ever be.-, He-has gone— (gone withorit a word of farewell or a clasp of the hand. I can never tell him of - my sorrow, my repentance for . my . folly can avail nothing, and all through life I shall knowl sentrhim-to his-deatb. - He went there to look for me in one of the villages near — for me, utterly worth less as I had proved myself of bis love.' (To, be Continued .) . 