VI. ,Wu Bpent the . remainder of the day together, departing at an early hour ae we had to be up betimes. Kirk patrick was.in excellent spirits when he said good-night; but when I called for him eoon after seven, as had been arranged, he looked pale and dis turbed. " Waller," ho said, as he gave me a hand that was cold and feverish to the touch, " there's been a dog, or a cat, or some such animal in the room the greater part of the night pattering about the Hoor, jumping on the bed, and pulling at .the clothes-ao that I couldn't,get any sleep." " Why didn't-you get up and let it outf' I asketL "So I did, but then it came .and i scratched at the door,"' " A mouse or a rat,'" " Must have been a jolly big one to make the row it did." We were the. first or. the Held. It was a, dull, chilly morning, and while we waited ar.d shivered, I found myself wishing that it was another day than the twenty-fifth of September. Kirkpatrick had described hifl an- ' tagonist as a fat, pompous little man ; ' : andcertainly when he put in his pearance, accompanied by a couple of { friends and a member of the medical1 profession, he struck me-what with ' his waxed moustache, his swagger, and his strut-as by no means a for midable adversary. '"All the same, he may be'Tjetter than he looks," 1 answered. " Now mind, you are' to fire on "the dropping of a handkerchief. For heaven's sake, man, don't start laughing now." He made an effort and choked down his ill-timed mirth, and we assumed our respective positions. I was dividing my attention be tween Kirkpatrick and the mail with fee handkerchief, and was much dis turbed'to observe 'from the tremulous motion 'of the' former's shoulders that : he seemed'tb be 'struggling with a de i sire to burst out laughing in hii an :tagferiifit'e fdee. '"I ''saw" f Kb'' handkerchief;'fall,' knii i h^ard two'' Bhots! fthg out 'iilmoBt simultanfeoilsty. ' Had' 'Kitkp&trfck; 1 winged 'JiiAf tnab',;' according' to his ex pressed 1 'ia'ten'tion r ' Ap'prireiitly not; for the other ' stiood there to all ap ; pearance' uninjured, while Kirkpatrick \--?- "Good heavens I I Baw liis head drop, 'his' whole, body 'become limp and "wavering, and was just in time to catch him as he swayed for ward. "He has done for me," he whis pered, -as I bent over him. " I'm shot in the bieast. 1 was choking with laughter, and couldn't aim straight. Curse the old hag 1" Then he fainted. But he wasnot done for, it happened. The wound was bound up, and he was taken "batik by slow degrees to the hotel; where' the ;hall 'was successfully tfxtr&cted; ;: an'd-1 was iirftittned, that, though it hadgone -within a . hair's Bfeadth'of tryfttfl part|stiU; Vfthtiaxe, thfere was Jeyity 'teuon bA'' hi^e'he ^onld'feeo^r.!. J^eiythin^/'dejVende'd on' his being kept fifbsolutdly ijuietand frefe'' from the' slightest approach 'to excitement, Otherwise- 'An -all cohipreli^iirive shrug'of ,:the shoulders completed 'tha senteiiiee. Agister in BlaMc,'with white flapping headgear, was installed as nurse ; but it'seemed to me only right that he should have Borne one oy'him who could Bpeak his own language-not that he was to be allowed to utter a syllable on pain of dissolution. So I made up my mind to sit up with, him for at least that night. vn. It was sotnewhere about the small hours when, as I sat and dozed in my 'chair, I heard a faint sound outride the door-& faint scratiljiihg sound, which gradually increased until it became more 6r less of a disturbing influence. The nurse heard it and, putting her finger to her lip, rose, and gliding across the room like a shidow, opened the door softly and looked out. Then, closing it with the same degree of carefulness, she glanced at me with a slightly perplexed face and shook her head, as though to intimate that there was nothing there after all. And yet we had both hoard the sound distinctly. Then came another inter val of silent watching, and I was just slipping off into s sleepy unconscious ness when What was that! A noise of something pattering over the bare polished boards. I heard it quite plainly, and-yes, by Jove ! so did Kirkpatrick, for he moved his head on his pillow, and bis eyes opened and wandered round the room, j then seemed to concentrate themselves upon a certain spot. Did he see anything ? His lips moved, and he made an effort to raise himself in the bed. Instantly the nurse was at his side adjuring him to be still. Hut no, he would not ; and, seeing that for some reason he was determined to sit up, she summoned me with a glance-as much as to say we must let him have his own way- and wo both assisted to raise him to a sitting position, suo uorting him in our arms. His ap pearance was ghastly in the extreme, his cheeks being sunken, his eyes seeming to have receded into his head, and his entire countenance being of a bluish pallor. The pattering sound continued «t intervals, though nothing was to be seen. j "Mice," Isaid to myself, " mice in the'wainscoting.'' Then, speaking very gently : j "'What is it, old man ? You know "you Oughtn't to move or.excite your self in. the very least if you: want ! your wound1 to lieaL ' Lie down again, there's a good chap." 1 But he only shook his head ever so slightly and pointed. I followed the direction of his finger and saw-no thing. I told him so. " There is nothing there, I assure you. There are only the nurse and I." At that moment, as though to give mo tho .lie direct, I distinctly felt something'brush past me. Start 1 I couldn't help it, and looking across at the nurse, I saw that her lips were moving .rapidly, as though she, too, was conscious of something ? that made it advisable to fortify herself with a paternoster or two. " Lie down, I implore you I" I said; " you are doing yourself no end of harm, and all forxiothing." Instead of complying with my re quest he raised himself another inch or two and pointed.again, this lame to a particular spot just at . the foot of bis bed, and gasped out the words : " Look-there-the dog 1" We both tried to hush him into silence: but it .was no good, we only succeeded in increasing his excite ment. I felt the perspiration running down my forehead. Was there any thing ! there or notP The pattering sound had ceased ; but-well, I was aware of the mOBt eerie sensation I had ever experienced in my life. Then to my horror, I heard Kirfcpntfiok be gin to laugh. «' Ila, ha, ha!" a weak, husky ghost of a laugh. " Hush for your life.!" I cried ' while the noise looked at me in horror, and neither of .JIB dared move to summon additional assistance, " Ha, ha, ha 1 What was it she said f That I should laugh on. my death-bedf Well, it's a jolly death ; better die laughing than Iiook at the dogl , See hie tongue hanging out all. black and swollen-and the wound in his shoulder 1 That's the same dog I ehot three years ago. Ha, ha?" The laughter, ceased abruptly. I heard the .^plantation ?" Mon Dieu ?" from, the woinanoa I felt the form I supporting collapseand beoome a dead weightinpiy arms, while, upon the suo ww;}iit©,linen abpye the breast thej$,; fl,ppeftre4;; -«. einaU red patch* which spread and spread until .it seemed to turn everything red before me. This was the beginning of the end. X took the body back witk me to Eng land, and it was laid beside that other which had been interred in the country churchyard two years previ ously. This was nearly twenty years ago, but, for all that, whenever any of the present Kirkpatricks hear a sound of ghostly pattering they always know that misfortune of Home kind is at hand. Thk END. 