For one moment I listened, hearing nothing but the throbbing of my own .'? hearb; for one moment I stood glued to the . floor, feeling the horrible suspense and fear of the unknown growing into my bones, . and venting in a cold sweat down my back, and then with a tremendous effort I seized the door and wrenched it open. My eyes staring wildly cut aaw nothing. The pas fiage was silent and deserted. 1 turned towards the staircase, and as I did so I be came aware of a figure standing close under the window. I stoppod at the stairhead and saw it move, and the steady creak, creak, came to my ear as it wer9 down the flight. Strung to my utmost limit, I was after it in the fliah of an eye. Ib led me from . flight to flight until we had reached the .' 'bottom, and then, instead of going towards ,, the rooms, it tnvned and trod softly along the stone corridor. My faith ! as I looked down the dark and gloomy passage, which as yet was unexplored by me, my hair was bristling, ? and I would gladly have fonnd myself back in Paris to brave the wrath of Monsieur lo Cardinal rather than follow it. Sheer nerve force, however, conquered everything, and once more I resumed my \- walk. The unknown seemed to have been ?waiting, for as I advanced I heard it move on again in the darkness. The whole length of the corridor we went, uutil I found myself facing a heavy stone door. It was only about an inch ajar, but with out stopping to think I exerted my whole strength and pushed it open. I was mot by a smell of- damp and mildew. Eaising my candle I found myself standing upon a high gallery, with a railing at either side, and a flight of stone stair3 on the left hand. There was no sound breaking the \- ghastly stillness. Leaning over the rail I held the family candle down to arm's length, and saw a figure, masked and cloaked, standing at the bottom staring up at me ; though it was bareheaded, there could not be the slightest doubt that the dress was of the present age. We re mained In this position for several minutes, ' . ' ,; when the truth at last came home to my doubting senses that I waB actually dealing ?with a man ! I burst into a scream of half-mad laughter that made the rafters ring. I heard his voice then, hoarse and quavering, but ? ; without paying any heed to it, I ripped my ?'?-?i sword from its sheath and darted down the ;. ?'' stairs. He had fiSwn to one of the doors which ? lined the vault, and was fumbling at the ;. keyhole. I cleared the last six stairs with ., a spring, and was behind himjuetashe swung open the cellar door. He sprang lound upon me, his eyes glaring with ??-V'. horrible fear under his mask. He hissed oat something I could not understand, for ? his voioe seemed all etutteiing and gut teral. I saw his dagger flish. I leaped a ;.?''.'? pace back, and felt the wind of it. Jimrnfd -, tip as we were in the doorway, it was diffi cult for me to reach him, but as he struck ' out again I shortened, and plunged my ?'? eword into his body. The wild despairing yell he gave— the ???- . unmistakable cry of a coward — is still in : ' my ears. Mon Dieu 3 I had to wipe my own brows, for what with the sight of tho supposed ghost, the pursuit, and the en \' counter, I was a little out of hand. When ' : I had taken my breath I placed the flicker ing candle upon the ground, and dragged .'?_?'. the knave by the heels into the open vault. He was a man of middle sizo, and heavily built. His attire bespoke some rank, and there was a very handsome j^wel in his ear, as well afl two costly ones glittering on his fingers. When I had cut the string of his mask I found tho face' strange to : me. In f.;ct, the fear and the agony combined had so distorted it that I think it would have been a hard matter for his nearest of kin to identify him. Just as I camo to this concluaion the candle gave Ita last flare and went right oat. I felt about on the floor for his cloak, and wiped my blade on it, and then leaving ; the corpse on the floor 1 began to grope my ?p?av up the Qtaircaoo. Eat wJion I reached tho top I stopped for a minute to consider tho position, and bit by bit as I (bought it out, I became considerably enlightened as to the subject of my mission,, So much did this win upon me that I lost the idea of the ghost com pletely, and the darkness and the place had no more terrors. I struck a light on my tinder-box when I came to the door, and was careful to close ib tightly. Why I did this I hardly knew at the time, but I had afterwards cause to be rather glad of it. I pursued my way along the corridor, feel iDg the wall as I went, and shivering a little in the damp. I had scarcely come half through when I heard the most tremendous noise of battering round in front of the house, and presently a voice shouting for admittance. Strange as it may seem to you, I was not in the least surprised, for the reason maybe that I had expected something of the sort. I only struck another light and quickened my pace to a run. Again and again the noise was repeated, but by this time I had reached my room, and was glad to find that the fire was still alight. I stood and warmed my hands thoughtfully, waiting for the noise to cease, and presently it did so. Thya I knew what must follow, and push ing back the armchair into a corner, I crossed tho floor and hid myself behind the velvet arras. Wait! and a long wait it seemed. It was cold too, behind those damp curtains. I wrapped my chilled fingers under my cloak, tor it was important, at any rate, that 1 should have some feeling in my right band. Presently, in moving, I iound a little ragged hole in one of the curtain folds, which enabled me to have a perfect view of the apartment, and through the same medium I beard the clatter of break ing glass somewhere in the distance, and guessed that thby were climbing1 through the open window. I had purposely left my door open, and a moment later there were voices and heavy footsteps in the stone passage. I have often heard it said that in moments, perhaps, of extreme danger or difficulty, one is apt to think of the most absurdly irrelevant tbiDgB. It was so with me then, and although I knew my neck de pended upon the manner in which I should plsy my cards, I found myself wondering bow far they had got with the bal masque at Vichot's, and whether Mdlle. de Drieux had forgotten that she was to dance with me. I had even distinct visions of her iuce and figure, and could picture us to gether, whirling over the boards before a score of admiring eyes, and illumiued by the glare of a hundred wax candles, and the smile was even on my face when the footsteps approached and entered the chamber. They stood for a minnte looking round. I heard the clink of their spurB, and tho firelight played upon the sword sheath of the nearest. CHued to my corner, I drew in my breath, and my fingers crept to my sword hilt. If once they as mach as heard the stirring of an eyelash my game was up. ' He has been here,' said one, in a voice which struok me as familiar. ' There is no light,' said the other, with an oath. They shuffl)d about the room, and fonnd a candle which I had left on the sideboard, and lit it at the red embers. By its light I saw two men cloaked and masked, one of which, the tallest, seemed by some strange instinct to be known to me. They looked in my direction, but luckily it did not occur to them to lift the curtain. The tall man set the candle on the mantelshelf and the other threw himself into the armchair. ' Where the devil is he ?' be cried, pettishly shivering, and warming his hands at the blaze. ' Can he have left,' said tho other. ' Wo are late, remember.' ' Left ! I only hope nothing has hap pened to him ; this is a cursed ghostly place.' ' A sort of justrotribution, eb,' said the other, trimming the candle. ' Wait here while I go and look for him. I have found another light.' The man in fcho armchair oeomed well pleased, to rest, and tho tall one di'ovy his cloak round him, and strode from the room. I waited, drawing my breath deeply, until tho last echo of his footsteps had died away down the corridor, and then, dropping the cloak from my shoulders, slipped from my concealment and crossed the fljor. The man in the armchair had stooped over the hearth, and was raking the logs together, but at the clink of my spurs he turned. If I.live to ba a hundred, I shall not forget the lock on his face j the sud denness of my appearance and the fear of a sapernatural visit froze him into such horror, that he was even pa3t drawing hia sword in defence. I walked coolly to the door and closod it, and the action, simple as it was, roused the fellow to hia senses. He sprang upon me, and we closed. Well, I have fared worse, even so far as elbow room goes. The chamber was about 20 feet in length, and theie was nothing to hamper us bub the small side-table which we overturned at the first onset. He fought well, it is trua, bat he was no match for G-uez de L'Ory, and moreover he had little chance with his rapier against my broadsword. It was no time, however, for making these nice distinctions, and I pushed at once so rapidly and fiercely that he was taken completely off his guard. His broath came in short, thick pants, and my blade O7er-laced his to stunning music. He fought and jumped this way and that like a wild cat, but I knew every turn of his weapon, and finally I drove him into the corner, where he fell backwards over the armchair, tripped, and was down, and at the same time in the mad rush I slipped side ways on the polished fl jor, and nearly fell myself. The instant he was up he pushed, but his guard was all open, and, parrying the blow, I dealt a swinging cat which nearly cleft his head in two. Then for the last time he dropped, and the victory was mine. I was hurriedly wiping the blade when my ears caught the ' clack clack ' of the other's footsteps returning. Whether he had seen the ghost, or whether the lonely aspect of the place had frightened him, I cannot say, but he came so swiftly that ere I coald reach the door he had flung it wide, extinguishing the light on the mantleshelf. Sis own I suppose he had dropped on he way. There he stood, peering in the half darkness, and uncertain whether to advance or not. A tremendous ejaculation broke from his lips as he saw the body on the fbor, and my own figure standing over it ; bat he was quicker to act than his companion had been. In the twinkling of an eye he had flaag his cloak npon the dying embers, completely patting out any ray of light. It was I who wa3 at fault this time, for to say truth I had no idea that the fellow could haveguessed the situation so promptly. I stole towards him, hearing also the soft tread of his footsteps through the room. I felb wildly about, but only to clutch at empty air. Tue absurdity of the position wrung from me a sneering laugh, which mast have made his blood curdle. We went on playing the game of hide and seek, and walked round the chamber, I daresay, 20 times ; at last I seemed to feel his pre sence near me. ' Stand !' I biased, 'or I will ran yon through.' And 1 hedged farther, as I thought, towards him, going, had I known v, no* only in an opposite direction, but drawing away from the window, which was his only point of exit. Suddenly I heard from the opposite corner of the room the creak of the sash as he flung it open. I rushed in his direction, but only to catch my spurs in the curtains and fall headlong, and then came the noise of his body crashing through the bashes. In a flaah ot time I had extri cated myself, found the window, and was standing on the sill. As I have said, the fall was not above a doznn foefc, and letting myself down by my hands I dropped with out hesitation. I fell right into tho bushea and the sharp brambles tore my hands and my olothes in my vain endeavors to escape from them. At last I oontrived to get free with aboub half my doublet, and hastened down the path, for aa there wuo only ono v/hicb, led nwoy from tho. house, J, had every hope of catching him ; moreover, if he was the man I believed him him to be, he coald not know the twistings so well as I. I ran on with many an awkward slip, and rent my clothes, from path to path, and ride to ride, but still I coald not find him. Coald he have slipped into the brake, or allowed me to pass him, I won dered. The thing seemed impossible. I stopped at the top of the last and longest ride to listen, bat the stillness was un broken by any distant sound of footstep. Then I san on aft the top of my speed, and five minutes later found myself in the open road. And still nothing ; he had vanished as a shadow, and left no trace. Far the mo ment, apart from the mystery of the thing, I could have shed tears to think that I had lost the fellow. I waited a little, but there was nothing in the moon or the stars or the dusty road to help me, so I turned, and once more plunged into the wood. It then struck me, as I walked on slowly to get breath, that ha might have doubled so as to meet me in turning, and the better to attack me. I listened for the cracking of a twig, and went forward warily with my naked sword to the tront, bat the precaution was needless. I met no one. Traversing the whole way through the wood until the outline of the house rose again before me in the moonlight, as I crossed the open, my sword, trailing the ground, picked up something on its point, which proved to be a leather gauntlet. It was the position of the thing, however, which puzzled me, for if he had dropped it in his flight, which seemed likely, he must have been running in an entirely contrary direction to that of the pathway. Some thing, instinct I suppose, moved me to explore the brake on the west side of the house, and after parting the foremost branches the trick became as plain as day light; a path had been cut right through into the meadow, thus greatly shorteni; g the distance to the road. I took to my heels once more, and flaw on over the muddy turf, although I knew that he was gone beyond recall. As I approached the gate I saw some object standing in- the shadow of the bushes and tamed towards the spot. There I found two horses tethered, both very gaily trapped, and, as far as I could judge by moonlight, showing a great deal of blood ; the third, alas ! was many a mile away with her rider. I drew their bridles through my arm, and west slowly back towards the house whore I succeeded in opening the door of the rickety stable, and there housed them for the night. How I cursed myself for not stopping the wretch, you can well imagine ; aa I have said, I knew the wood well, bat I had no idea of the existence of this path, and whether it was one beforehand for their purpose, or whether ib had been planned by the owners of the chateau since my ac quaintance with the place had ceased, I have never yet been able to ascertain. I went back into the house comforted by the thought that two at least of tbe knaves had been laid by the heels. It was not a vety rosy prospect inside, for monsieur had put my fire out, and in the darkness I- fell stumbling over the body of the other knave. I knelt down and puffed at the embers, and soon I had them In a glow, while a fresh log added a rare blaze. I had no mind to go down into those dismal vaults again, so I dragged the body into the next room, and covered up the stain with the cloak. Then I went back, shutting my door, to solitude and the armchair. The time dragged slowly by, but I had got past my dread of a visitation by now. Having no candle I had to content myself wibh the flickering light of the fire, bat as I had no book, and cmld not have read it if I had, it did not greatly matter. I saw now, if somewhat late in the day, that my mission was not of that hollow oharacter which I had at first; supposed, and I began to foel something of the honor, or if the word offends you, the importance of being chosen by M. le Oar dina for tho business. I flattered myself that under the circumstances, and consider ing my scanty instructions, I had not ill curried it off. You who read this may think differently, but I can only say that althongh tho thing may look very easy on paper, it coat some nerve to carry it out. And you must also remember that not one man within 20 leagues round wculd have had the courage to enter the house at all, much less opend tho night there ao I had done. And so the darkness wore away, and tho grey light of the Suptember dawn poepod through the curtains, and found mo etiU waiting and watchful in my ar mohair, bafi I wno true to my traot, ond ib wa3. not) until tho oun had, ifta hiflh qvqs ^q v?qoc3. and ttie musical chirp of the birds was long In the branches, that I propared to lake toy, leave. Before doing so I went into the »ext room to inspect the other knave. I found— but there, I wilt not horrify you with any details. It is enough to say I found him like the other man in the cellar, a perfect stranger to me. Then wbon I bad routed the cattle out of their stable, I set off through the wood, and bade a long and, fervent adieu to the Chateau do la Salle. I feel and felt then, that it was a long time since I Been the beauties of nature as I did that morning, and as I emerged into the roa'1 .the long stretch of green meadows, will- the tall cornfielda beyond, the blue Bky, and even the dusty road, struck; me with a sudden charm. Doubtless it was the change from the dark house and lonely wood which made me feel this. I walked on, leading the horses, and wound my way Blowly down tha road, meeting only a peasant or two on their way to work, who stopped to stare back at me open- mouthed as oafs do. Half an hour's trudge brought me to the village street, and certainly the landlord looked taken back as I stopped at his door, and bado him take the horses. When I had had breakfast, which I much needed, I se'ected the best, leaving the others in his stable, and then, having paid my score, I mounted and set off for Paris. It, was with a heart, too, considerably lighter than I had coming. The work was done with, and if nothing better, I had at ??? least a record to boast of. I pictured how I would astonish them at Vichot's, but last came the thought of my reckoning with the Cardinal, and again and again I curBed the ill fortune which had suffered the knave to escape me. However, the beet can do no mote. Irode hard, and without a stop,for tbe mare was as fine a beast as any taste could wisb .for, aad to. such a tano did ebe carry me that, I had left the Boia de Boulogne be hind mo ere the sun had reached its noon tide., I spurred on through the Chaiaps Elysees, down street after street, and mad;' Btraight f jr my lodging, leaving my horse at- the stables by. the way. In little longer than I have taken to write ityl changed into my gay clothe?, for I feel that appsaiv ance is everything in these matters. Then, fortified with a crip of wine, I batook my self to the Palais. - The pago evidently had bis instructions, for he led ma apart from the crowd into the same room as on the first occasion, and there I was left to wait, with as much mis giving, it not with equal impatience, as before, for this man was hard to please, and assuredly the worst in anger that a generation has had to deal with. I waited long, and late, but I suppose there was a merit in this, for by the time the summons came I had got back a por tion of my old recklessness. I walaed with a1 firm step into the audience chamber, and bowed with an unconcern, perhaps a little too perfect. His brow was clouded, but at sight of ? me I was glad to see ic cleared somewhat. His keen eyes took ma in from head to foot, and back again, and than he permitted himself to smile. 'Well, M. L'Ory,' eaid he wilb the sauyo air: which he was so facile at assum ing, .' bow have you fated ?'' Upon this I found my tongue, and gave him a full account of all that had happened. He did not interrupt me, nor attempt a word until I had finished. 'Now,:M. L'Ory,' said he, after a pause; 'pray what do you think this means?' 'Perhaps a conspiracy,' I hazarded. He waved bis hand. 'You have guessed rightly,' ho said. ' Th«8e tbree men had planned a villainous conspiracy on my lifo* They met at this house, partly because of its reputation, whioh would protect them from iutrusiun or disturbance, and ' partly because it be longs, : or once belonged, to one of the conspirator'. This man whom you first met, describe him.' I was able to do this, having taken particular notice of the fellow. The Cardi nal nodded gravely. ? ? ' Yes,' he said, ' that was the Count of La Ballo. He knows me well enough, and conspired against me in the time past. You know the story of how he murdered his uncle, I suppose ?' ' Yes, your exoellency.' Then ho askod me to dosoribe the other knaves. While I was speuking ho kept his face turned towards tho window, and he frowned in a way whioh did not help lo re move my anxiety. ''You have lot tho worst man go, M. L'Ory,' said ho sarcastically. ' But I am \yi!Ung to beliey^ tUut you did your be^9 [ sent for you because your reputation as a 3wordsman stood second to none, and your jonduct during the campaign proved to me that you were such a man as I should want, t gave you the barest instructions, because [ wished to test your head as well as your hands, and I had also a check upon them in another quarter should you have failed.' I have nothing more to say now, except to ask what you wish as reward.' And his frown deepened as he fixed his piercing eyes upon my face. I am a poor man, but a proud one, and I drew myself up and gave him back his look, aye, even with interest. ' Perhap3 the chateau may tempt you, a: rural spot,' said he, with the glimmer of a smile, which showed his white teeth. 41 Monseigneur,' said I, as he paused, ' I will take nothing from you. It ia suffi cient reward for ma that I have been chosen for your service, and that you admit that I have done my best ia it.' ' Bat if I offer you a commission in my army,' said he, still keeping his eyes steadily fixed upon me. My heart gave a bound, but if I wavered, it was only for a moment. I had fought before with distinction, and might again; but no, I had it in my power fcc refuse, and I did so. He made a deprecating movemfint with his head and shoulders, but I think he was not ill-pleased. . ' Well, M. de L'Ory,' said he at last, ' you baffle me, but if it salisfies you, I will consider this as a debt, and the next time jou commit an indiscretion I will overlook it in payment. What do you say ?' . I answered with my hand on my heart, that I was fully paMeh'ed, and our confer ence beiug over, I saluted and l&ft; his pre sence. So this, my friends, is tha story. As to ;he authenticity (f the legend, I can give no opinion. I had enough to do with tbe people of th's world, without seeking those of another. I can only say that 1 would :not readily pass through a similar experi ence, and ever, now, as I look back, I fiud myself shudderiag at that night which I spent in'the Chateau de la Salle. But G-ufz de L'Oiy goea his way in peace and quiet, and ths debt has never yet been paid. Junior Partner — ' Oar traveller onght to be discharged. Ha told one of our customers thct I am an Ignorant fool.' Senior Partner— ' I sh 41 speak to him and insist that no more cmce Becrets be divulged.' First Student — 'What makes you look so melaiicholj 1 ' Second S udent — 'I have been fooled. I ashed my father to send me £5 to pay my tailor and a few days later I received ?he — receipted t&ilor;'a bill !' JE rhefic Wife (lobbinj. ) -' D-?arear, I'll see that your grave is kept green ; but not one of those horrid bright, greens. A nice olive-grey ;^reen, with an old brorz - Umhstone, will look too awfully lovely for anything.' 