AN EPITAPH. He had no brake upon his wheel; That's why the poor old wreck . Gave up the ghost, for lie soon got A_ break upon his neck! i came across one oi your old letters to-day, George, in which you said you would rather be in endless toiment with me than in bliss by yourself," said Mrs Naggin to her husband. "Well, my dear, and haven't I liad my wish?" said the brute. Mother: "Oh. you naughty boy! You've been to dada's desk and upset all his papers. What will he say when he conies home?" Son (hopeful): "I know what he'll say. but you'd spank nie if I told you." Bacon — "So your friend is engaged to that Boston girl, after all." Egbert— "Yes." "How did he melt her?" "He didn't; he simply froze to her." A Clear Conscience.— "Don't some of these old songs haunt you?" "No ; I've never murdered any of them." Visitor: "Well. Tommy, what are you goiug to be when you grow upV" Tom- liiv: "Ma «iys 1 am going to be just such Another lazy loafer ns pa is!" The following typographical error shows the .great importance of a comma. At a banquet this toast was given: "Woman— without her man. is a brute." Although a girl may be bright enough to know that "kiss" is a nnun, she's fre quently unable to decline it. Efiie — "Jack, papa said we must not see each other any more." Jack— "Indeed! Shall I turn the gas out?" Hampton Belle — "I wouldn't allow a horrid man to kiss me, would you?" Newport News Girl— "Of course, not; I don't know any such." New Housemaid : Who is that elegant looking young lady, cook, that I met coining in? Qook : That was me sister; been to call '.on. me. New Housemaid : And that stylish ( lady in blue silk? Cook : That's our laundress. New Housemaid : Then who was tlie plain old woman in black ? Cook : That's the missus. Mrs A.: "I'm surprised that your hus band earns so little if he works as hard as you say. What does he do?" Mrs B.: "The Vast thing lie did was to calcu late how many times a clock ticked in the course of a thousand years." Wealthy Parent: "What! Engaged yourself to young Tapesier? Outrage ous! The idea of a Van Juneberry mar rying a mere clerk!" Daughter: "But he Isn't a clerk now, papa. He is a gen tleman of leisure." "Hh?" "Yes, he's been discharged," 