An Historic Estate. The Heathfield Park estate, in Sussex, has just been sold to Mr. W. C. Alexander. The property, com- prising 1500 acres, at one time be- longed to the Barons Dacre. After a succession of vicissitudes it passed to Lord Heathfield, the famous defender of Gibraltar. His successor sold it in 1791 to Mr. Newbery, the publisher. It was afterwards acquired by Sir Charles Blunt, from whose successors it was purchased by the present ven- dor, Mr. F. H. Scott. Howell's " His- tory of England" records a severe battle which is said to have been fought here in 635 between Cadwallo, Prince of Wessex, and Edwin, King of Northumbria, in which the latter was slain. A tract of land on the estate is still known as " Slaughter- common." Oh this property also is the celebrated " Jack Cade's stone," which records the slaying here of the notorious rebel by the sheriff of Kent in 1450. Mr. Lucy tells in the Strand an anec- dote of the late Lord Denman, the champion bore of the Upper House. Some years ago Mr. Lucy wrote in one of the magazines an article on the Lords, in which he alluded to Lord Denman as " a harmless, elderly gentleman, something of the Mr. Dick type." Though not ex- actly complimentary, this was not ill- naturedly meant. At any rate, it so pleased Lord Denman that he wrote to Mr. Lucy saying he had bought up every available copy of the magazine and sent them to particular friends. One night he took the number down to he House and proposed to read the article, but his brother peers would have none of it. It is not generally known, in connection with Rudyard Kipling's early life, that to he haunted by a terrible apparition, which took the form of a grandmother's ghost, was almost the constant plague of his existence as a boy. A tale of the great frost comes from Glasgow, where, says the " New Age," an aged clergyman with a cold church and a very small congregation, touched a chord in every heart by praying, with great frankness and spontaneity, '' O Lord, if we had studied our own comfort, we would not have been here this morning." " Macmillan" for March gives some droll instances of gallery reporters' slips. " Great is Diana of the Ephesians !" once exclaimed Sir William Harcourt, and was reported in a provincial paper to have said, " Great Dinah, what a farce this is !" Baron Dowse, by the way, has told how he gave the line from Locksley Hall : " Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay," which was turned into " Better fifty years of true love, than a circus in in Bombay." Mr. Gladstone on a certain occasion was represented as accusing Lord Hartington of " Shaving his head." " Shaving" ought to have read " shak- ing." To a " Cassell's" interviewer Blondin confided as follows : " During the perform- ance the Prince send Major-General Bruce to me and say, not to do the stilts for him. I say, ' How can I not?' It was in the programme, and I tell the Prince I do not do it for him, so that he need not feel alarmed, but for the spectators. He ob- ject also at first to my carrying my agent across ; and at the end of the performance he say, ' Thank Heaven, it's all over !" and then sent one of his suite to my agent to ask whether I would like a present or a cheque. I chose the present for some- thing to keep, but my agent took a cheque, which I did not know." 