HOPE. They say that the name of the station is changed, and that the dog is dead. but I remember, and I think I shall re memniber always. In a sharp V of a valley, between two tall, unheeding mountains, stood a little brown station, all alone. It looked like a knot in the end of the brown rag of road that hung over the low ridge beyond it. "Hope" was the name in the middle of tile weathered sign-board. with "Winnipeg, - miles," at the nearer end, and "Vancouver, - miles," a:t the farther. There was small token of life about the building so far as even we in the observation car could see, so, when the conductor came back from the office withl his orders, we wondered why the train did not go on. But pretty soon a tall old man, with a red flag under his arm, came up the track ahead to the station platform. Some of us had alighted, and to us he volunteered, while he rolled his flag closer: "Rock on the track!" "Is it very large?" asked someone. "Nope; they'll get it off purty soon; like 'nough, in 'bout ten minutes." That accent was unmistakably from the "States," and I canme nearer where I could hear all he said. He sat down on a pile of boxes, and, in reply to some remark, said meditatively: "Nop; trains don' hey much 'casion to stop here long nowadays. Used to be a puty decent mine up yonder," jerk ing his head toward the little road; "then they war some doin's here." "Mine abandoned?" "Eaup." he was going on: when an other idea struck him. He looked round uneasily. "They hain't none of you seen Roily. hev you?" "Who's Rolly?" "W'y. Rolly, he's the dorg;" his eyes grew anxious. "He's a great institution 'round these parts, Rolly is." He rose and went quickly to the door of the station, opened it, and put his head inside. W1e heard the click of the telegralph instrument. "Say, Bennie, where's Roll ?" lie called. His voice was different from that in which he spoke to the men out side. The answer was inaudible. "Humph! Curious, ain't it? When did he go?" Again the inaudible reply. "Well, he must a' heard the whistle." He came back to the travellers, but with his eyes on the brown road o-er the ridge. "Didn't it pan out?" asked one. "Huh? Oh. the mine! I dunno. I guess 'twould ef-" but the old idea was too strong-his eyes sought the slope again. "Now, where in time is that dorg? He ain't use' to missin' trains." "What was the matter at the mine?" "Oh," there was ghosts came there, 'n' they scart everybody. 'n' now they won't no one go nigh- but Rolly, and lie's interested. Wish 't he'd come, any how." "Well, what is it about Rolly. my friend, is he your dog?" asked a big, quiet man, standing near with his wife. "Nope. That is, he is and he ain't one way he's mine, and two lie ain't one way he's mine. 'cause I feed 'im and hanker after 'ir ef he ain't round. One way he ain't mine, he's Bennie's, 'cause everything I've got that Bennie hankers after is his'n, an' he thinks a heap o' Roily. Bennie's the telegraph here. "'Nother way, he ain't mine nor Bennie's neither. He hisself thinks he b'longs to a man 't hain't been 'round here quite a spell-the last contractor at the 'Hope.' He left in a leetle hurry one night, bein' found with some mine pay money mixed into his own inside pocket by mistake, 'n' he forgot the dorg." One traveller, acquainted with west ern euphemisms asked: "Did they hang or shoot him?" "Shot 'im; sent the remnants east in a box. We hain't lookin' for 'im back, but Rolly is. Yes, sir, he's on hand every train, an' between times he goes up to the mine to see of his man has slipped by unbeknowest an' gone up there." Just then the conductor, passing, said: "Nearly ready; all aboard." We started reluctantly for the car, all of us with our eyes on the brown road now. The old man walked with us. "Can't think what on 'arth keeps 'im. He'll cry all day ef he misses this train." We were all on board now. The con ductor stood, watch in hand, his eyes, too. on the road. "There he is!" someone shouted. "He knowed he was late, an' took the short cut," exclaimed the old man. Our eyes left the road. and at the other end of the platform met a small, smooth coated black and white mongrel, all dusty and panting, crouched with quivering flanks by the steps of the last car, a Pullman. The dog's eyes were on the porter. The porter looked to the conductor for a sign; the conductor looked at his watch and his orders, and nodded. Then the porter lifted the eager little brute into the car vestibule. We in the observation car all waited, with eyes on the door of the nearest Pullman; all but the quiet man,. who had retired into the front corner of the car behind his newspaper. "Blest if I want to see the beast dis appointed," hlie said to his wife. Does he go through the whole train?" I asked the old man. "Yes, miss, all hibut the col-nist car and the emigrant; he knows that ain't the kind." Just then the rullman door opened and thie porter came through, followed by the dog, stepping high and nervously. 'There were a great many in the car, and the dog was beivildered. The porter picked him up and put him on one of the seats, a double row of which rani back to back down the centre of the car. The dog put his paws on the back of the seat and looked all around, ears up, nos trils moving, flanks quivering, tail straight out and slowly waving. Suddenly he gave a sharp yell, and bounded over the centre seats down the aisle like a young tornado, and stopped with both paws on the quiet man's knees, yelping, dancing, tearing the newspapers down upon himself. The man took the paper away, and the dog le?aped toward his face with a squeal. But the squeal broke half way, and the dog fell b:ack on all fours, still as a stone. The quiet man looked at him kindly and puit out a hand to pa:l him. The dog came closer, his eyes al ways on the man's face, and softly put his paws on the knees again. The man said: "Well, Rolly!" The dog's head went on one side a moment, the name was all right, but the voice-the voice He got down and backed off, his tail between his legs, his ears wavering: he gave one low. questioning whine, then slowly answered thile porter's call. At the top of the car steps he paused and canle back. With head on a side and paw raised he looked again, and then with a sharp sort of bark turned back and went down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch snapped; he waved his hand and the train drew out, up the broad can yon of the Chanting Bow. But our eyes were turned back to the platform, where thile dog stood, poised, head oni a side, and foot lifted, looking after us. The quiet man didn't draw back till we i:id rounded a curve; then he found a cinder in his eye. "Nice scenery" he sa.id.--(M.C.P., in the "New York Post.") A good story is told in connection with the recent visit of Li Hung Chang to Holland. As the train steamed along amidstthe rich pastures of the Nether lands, the Chinese statesman turned to the Dutch officials and others accom Danying him, and remarked in his im passive manner that, considering the fertility and wealth of the country, he was surprised that England had not annexed it. The expression on the faces of his hearers may be easily ima gined, but not easily described. 