THE TURK RACING NOTES. [By Mentor.] The committee of the Adelaide Racing Club have reason to be well satisfied with the results of their first day's racing in the new seasoti— the inaugural events of the Grand National meeting having attracted a better attendance j than on any preceding day for their Spring 1 meeting, if ore money went through the totalizator, and punters generally must ba.ee had a pretty fair time. The racing was very good throughout and furnished a satisfactory ; afternoon s sport. Air. llamies once more turned up With a surprise, scoriug in the Welter Handicap with iluree, having won the same race with the same horse three years pre- j viuusly, after winch time this horse went olf, j and his owner has been working steadily with j him without scoriug a bracket evet since. As j the handicapper honored him with a rise of 25 lb. in the tieliing Race to-day Air. Haunes decided not to accept with him on Thursday. U nder the conditions of tile Selling Race Air. Haimes could start with 4 lb; more than lie won the Weiter Handicap with, but lias con sidered it wiser not to do so. Naekara was in the unenviable position of running second and Stalfa continued his place career, but had the better luck later on to gain a win ning bracket in the Lightning Handicap. In the Grand National Ilurdie Race Conven tioner continued his winning career and won pretty comfortably. The heavy weight told on black Flag, the favorite, but the stanch yet unlucky Floodbird could only get into second position. This was a double disappointment to his rider Burr, who thought he had the race won at the pickets, as he had passed Couven tioner about half a mile from home, and ho was greatly surprised to find him sailing past him with a wet sail at the finish. Nalpa ran well for a couple of miles, but that was not the fiuishiiig post. Considering the nature of the going the time was very good. The Fulham Park Piate was a good thing for the winner, who seems more forward than any of the other youngsters at present, but later in the season we may expect to see the tables turned on Security, 'f ins colt is the property of Air. H. Barnard, son of the once owner oi Totalizator and other horses, being at one time the principal patron of the St. Leonard's stable. The friends of the .young owner hope that his good luck will stick to him. Alany people thought that Air. H. Young would score with -My Novel in the Lightning Handicap, but the rider of Staii'a (T. Rogers) had the good luck to find an opening next the rails, and this really gave him the judge's verdict. The victory of Young Lucifer iu the Selling Steeplechase proves this horse to he a bit better than he was generally supposed to be. He seems to take kindly to the jumping business with his trainer Hopwood in the saddle, but the extra mile on Saturday and dilfereut com pany will test whether he has any weak points. The favorite, Rorke's Drift, performed in differently, but no doubt the weight was the cause of it, and he has since been with drawn from the National Steeple on Satur day. _ The Buxton Handicap gave Port Admiral the opportunity of retiring from the i turf with flying honors, and of carrying to the front young Air. W. A. Bladder's colors for the first time iu his own racing career. He lias adopted the well-known blue and-white livery of his father, and which no doubt will continue to be as popular as before. Saturday will witness the conclusion of the meeting, with six events 011 the card, the first race starting at half-past 1. The programme, opens with the Auction Han dicap, six furlongs, in which li horses have accepted. Cigarette is at tlie head of affairs with 8 st. 7 lb., De la Volt a. 2 lb. less. Doubloon 7 st. 11 lb., Electric 7 st. 0 lb., First AlasLcr 7 st. 41b., The Alede 7 st. 31b., Ciy I teninestra 7 st. 2 lb., Yv'aliine 7 sc., Aiioia 6 st. 12 lb., and Holly C st. 7 lb. On his run ning in the Lightning Handicap on Saturday DOUBLOWN should he dangerous iu this event, and Cigarette and Electric may fill; the places, unless First Alaster may he sent for this instead of the last race of the day. The Second Huddle Race, two miles, follows with 13 acceptors, Conventioner being at the head of affairs with 11 st. 12 lb., a rise of 15 lb. for his Grand National win. Flood bird, 10 st. 13 ib., has been risen 6 lb. Nalpa, 10 st. 3 lb., has 3 lb. of a rise. The Golden King and The Goose have gone lip 1 lb. each, and Gaillardia and Wirrawa have descended a pound each. Bombastic is on the same mark. Gipsy Queen is in with 9 ,st. 7 lb., and was a non-starter last Saturday. At Tattersall's meeting Conventioner won with 9 st. 12 lb., Gaillardia second with 9 st. 2 lb., and Gipsy Queen third with 9 st. 7 lb., the distance .being a miie and three-quarters. Conventioner now carries 28 lb. more than he did then, Gai lardia 7 lb., and Gipsy Queen has the same weight, which should give both j these horses a chance. We think the places 011 | this occasion will be filled by CONVEN TIONER, Gaillardia, and Gipsy Queen, with Nalpa in close attendance. The Mayor's AIile follows, with 15 candi dates. Foliage heads the list with 9 st. 12 lb., | being a rise of 4 lb. for third place in the ! Buxton Handicap. Kirkby, 9 st. 7 lb., has 'gone up 5 lb. for his second position iu the same race .Stati'a, 8 st. 4 lb., won the Light ning Handicap with 7 st 7 lb. aftc-r running third iu the Weiter with 8 st. 11 lb. Nomadic, 8 st. 2 lb., was unplaced with 8 st. 7 lb. in the Lightning Handicap. Pitchery, 7 st. 13 lb., was unplaced in the VvViter with 9 st. 7 lb., and will be favored with the present variation. Trout is on the same mark, 7 lb. 9 lb., whilst Viking has gone up 2 lb. Of the lighter weights nothing stands out on recent running, and we therefore award' the places to QITINN'S BEST, Viking, and Staita. The Dequettevili.u Stakes, half a mile, is the next event on the list, with eight acceptors. There is nothing that we can see to prevent SECURITY winning again, with the places filled as they were in the Fulham Park Plate. The Grand National Steeplechase, of three miles, follows. Since the final accep tances two more have dropped out, namely, Rorke's Drift and Haveloek. Sixteen have cried content, and this will be a good field if they all face the starter. The probable riders and starters are:— Horse St. lb. Rider. Black Flag .. .. 12 7 II. Ilowie Banjo .. 11 IU S. Ferry All Fours .. 11 2 J. AIcGowan Cataract .. 10 ■7 J. Williamson Woodfieid .. 10 7 J. Twc-edie Juiiet .. 5 AV. Lee Tai alale .. 10 3 11\. Burns The Ghost .. 10 '2 H. Holmes Doric .. 0 Bushell Confidence .. .. 9 12 C. Hughes Simple Jim .. .. 9 10 Harper Bombastic .. 9 5 ? Young l.ucifer .. 9 3 H. Hopwood Bepitition .. 9 0 P. Deveney Sir George .. .. 9 0 H. Hiscutt Fishwife .. 9 0 J. Lyall Last year there were eleven runners in this race, when The Actress won with 12 st. 12 lb. from Doric, 9 st. 6 lb., and Sneaker, 10 st. 8 lb. On this occasion Black Flag is at the head of affairs with 12 st. 7 lb. ! He ran into third place with 4 lb. less in the j Hurdle Race, and if ho takes kindly to the big I jumps his chance must be respected, as he jumped a couple of them very well on Wed nesday afternoon. Banjo comes next, and if he leaves the post as well as when he raced at Caul field recently he must have a say in it. There is reason to believe, however, that a leg has filled since he returned home, and if there should be no rain he would feel the effects of the hard ground. All Fours has done a steady preparation, • but her supporters j are not so sanguine as they would like to be of her seeing the end of the journey with success. ; Cataract, who is carrying the same weight as | Woodtield, should he again defeated by the latter. Juliet has done a really good prepara- j tion, and if the extra amount of jumping does I not affect her she is expected to run into a position. Taradale was beaten by Woodfieid at nearly the same weights as now. The Ghost is an unknown quantity here, but at Broken Hill he ran second in a hurdle race with 10 st. 13 lb. in April last. On May (i at the same place he won the Hurdles with 10 st. 10 lb., the other two starters falling. He previously won a hurdle race with 10 st. 5 lb., and a Consolation Fiat Race. _ He is reported to have won over big jumps iu the Wileannia district, but we can find 110 record of such a performance. He has not done any jumping since he lias been down here, and only a moderate amount of work on the track. Doric beat Juliet recently at Port Augusta, but we have reason to believe lie is not very well just now. Of the others, Young Lucifer and Repetition appears to be the most dangerous. On paper 1 it appears as though BANJO or ALL FOURS should win, with Black;Flag and Young Lucifer for the places. The Corporation Stakes, of five furlongs, winds up the bill. There are 21 left in this event, and previous running may point to the winner, but to fill the positions we give AIARRYATVILLE, ALVEARY, and My Novel. On the Old Course on Thursday morning some good work was done on the tracks. Young Lucifer and The_ Ghost were again ! companions over a working gallop of about three miles, the last rouud taking 2 min. 6 see. _ The Royalist and Home Rule were companions over a mile and a half, run in 2 min. 551 sec., the first round in 1 min. 59 sec. Lord Grenville negotiated two rounds at half and three parts pace. Black Flag did good striding work over a couple of miles; 'he was jumped over a couple of fences on j Wednesday, Postal acting as schooling com panion ; he jumped fairly well. Dianthus 1 finished up with a good six furlongs. Iiand I over ran along for half a mile in 57 sec. 1 Wahine and Dick Whittington were dispatched over six furlongs, run injl min. 221 sec. Helena was sent over a mile and a half, the last round taking 2 min. I sec. Confi dence did striding work over three times round. Commotion performed good work over a distance. Douuloon was not allowed to go fast. Juliet and Gipsy Queen were com panions over a three- mile gallop, the last two 1 miles taking 4 min. 31 sec. De la Yolta ran I along for a mile, but not at top, and talcing 1 I min. 57 sec. First Bolt did not go fast. Car melite got over live furlongs in 1 min. 11 sec. Firelock and The Doctor ran along together over half a mile. Repetition did good • striding work over a couple of rounds. Deburg performed good work over a distance. Barter did long strong work. Mompu was answerable for a strongly run utile in 1 min. 52 see., the last six i'lmongs in 1 min. 211 sec. Gaillardia and Bombastic were companions over three turns, coming home the last oue at a good pace in 1 min. 51) sec. All Fours also did three circuits, the last one occupying 2 min. 21 sec. Cigarette was not ailowed Iter head over a couple of turns. Strike did useful work. Regent and Recoup got over a mile and a half in 3 min. 2 see., the tirst round taking 2 min. 7 sec. Simple dim did useful work over a distance. Conventioner, looking well, did striding work over a couple of circuits. Longbow and Hoily were com panions over six furlongs, run in 1 min. 251 sec. Encounter worked at a slow pace. Angler did medium pacing. Union .lack spurted homo j a few furlongs. Fishwife, Hamlet, and Bnow i drift were companions over two miles, run in 4 iisin. 10 see., Fishwife finishing in the rear. Postal did medium pacing. Eclipse was answerable for good work. | Woodfie'd and Jackeruo worked at a mixed : gait over a distance. Sir George did useful pacing. Kirkby and Trout were tried over a | mile at a strong pace, the. first six furlongs in 1 min. 21 sec., the seven in 1 min. 35 see., and [ full distance in 1 mill. 4S1 sec., with the son of I Carp badly beaten at the finish. Electric and First Master were tried over six furlongs, run in l.min. 21 sec. Later in the day Ease and | Kingbolt strode over six furlongs at a strong pace. 