ANTWERP WOOL SALES. [By Cable.] London, Wednesday. The Antwerp -wool sales opened to-day. There was a large attendance, and ani mated transactions Tail " li'rigsu waifiwy'iSf - tlte October sales. Grand Aix Nations Fair.—We would draw attention to the advertisement in our columns of the above fair to be openedon Wednesday evening, Feb. 19, at 8 o'clock by Mr. C. Wilson, Mayor. This in* stractive and interesting show will represent in the stalls and their ^ at tendants various nations of the world. The Delphic Oracle of Greece about which the ancients speculated so much will be on 1 hand, and those desiring to peer into the j unknown may so do. Fairyland .with its beautiful queen, and its bevy of lovely fairies will be one of the features. Another | notable event is a really unique collection j of curios gathered from many lands after ! many years of toil in collecting. This j mnsenm alone is worth the price of ad mission. Scientific experiments will, also be on view, while by means of the wonder- i ful telescope astronomy will be made easy. I A microscope of remarkable power will be on view. Our old friends Pnnch and Judy will again provoke the hearty laugh at their domestic life, and the Camera Ob scnra will also be a feature of the show. Each evening the nations will walk, as we. trust they will always do so, in peaceful procession. Pepper's Ghost,- one of the ; marvels of the age, will doubtless be a fascinating attraction to many. The prices are exceptionally low, and sill who are wise enongh to attend will have a season of de light and pleasure. Oh Saturday last Kiama was visited by thousands of parrakeets, which attacked the bruit in various orchards. The birds were so tame that scores of them were caught by hand and knocked down with J sticks when ammunition became ex-1 hansted. Herbert Bay lias, aged 19, reading at j Llangollen, Cassilis, met with a terribly j fatal accident by being thrown from his home against a tree and killed instantly. The chairman of the Broken Hill Proprie tary Company statedthe other day that the j directors had spent £22,000 in extinguish- J ing the fire in the mine. Lord Brassey is said to be the richest' man the colonies has ever seen. He is | worth the modest trifle of four or five millions. His sister, who had two and a j half millions, married Bass, of ale and porter fame, who also had two and a half { millions. It is stated on reliable authority that there are 59,000 men out of work in the j colony at the present time. Out of 71 country municipalities 15 only have a debt of over £1000 or less, the ag- j gregate bring over half a million. Ballina j is lowest on the list with £300; Parra- j matta highest with £56,600. j Pleasant news for police court witnesses. : At a suburban court the other morning a man, who was giving evidence, kissed the book in the usual manner. A medical gentleman present pointed to the act, say ing " Look at the cancerous growth on that man's lip." The next witness had not seen it, however, and performed the act of oscillation with a sounding smack. The bursting of a soda water bottle at Rowland's cordial factory resulted in a young man named James Cullen having his elbow badly cnt on Tuesday. He called in at the Newcastle Hospital later in the day and had four stitches put in his arm. Frederick Forbes, charged at the Bourke Quarter Sessions with destroying three telegraph poles was discharged, the medi cal evidence showing that the accused was affected by the son at the time. 