ABOUT RINGS. A ring has always be-vn associate a with marriages from time immemorahle. The bard sings of his lover for his "fair ladye" being as "endless as the ring." The engagement ring is, perhaps, the most genuinely Interesting bit of jewellery a woman can wear, and then there is always the strong possibility of her having a variety, though as an emblem, of marriage it was noi introduced by tire Christian church, as many suppose; Before the intmdUctfoA* erf -coinage-, the only circulation of Egyptian gold was in- the form of rrngs, and the Egyptian, at his marriage; placed one of these rings of gold off his bride's finger, as a token of entrusting her with all his property. In our marriage ceremony we but follow this custom. Some of" the birthday rings-" are- won--, derfully unique, the various' lucky stenes betng set Kghtly on tfay wire of gold. Friendship rings are less pojra- • lar than of voir, though occasionally one sees them wemn by a loyal! d'evotee of the pretty old custom. The* lover's knot is the most common, being'either in silver or gold ami very slender: The Fede ring presents several' features of interest, being composed 1 of: two flat hoops; accurately fitting each within the other, and kept in place by a corresponding projection on either extreme edge, so that tire two form, to all appearance, one-body. A name is engravevi .on each, or' a line of a distich in old French. Theidea being, should'tlie two friends separate. each coulil wear a single hoop (as they are easily' separated^, and thus" be a means of recognition when agai» compared. The quaint, old-time hair rings areno longer seen; their oddity was more noteworthy than their beauty: theyiare "heirlooms" in every sense. It would seem odd in so small a thing "as the wearing oif gold rings, yet in the" olden days there were various laws held by the Romans as to the wearing of these jewelled baubles. Tiberius made a large property qualification necessary to thier wearing; the right was giver to old Roman soldiers by-Severus. The ; only ornaments worn by the knights under Augustus .were ancient rings of iron, winch were, later held as a badge of servitude, an express decree of the State being necessary to rightfully wear a- solid gDld ring. Ambassadors to foreign missions were invested with golden circles- as a mark of great respectability; • these were issued' by the treasury with" much ceremony, not even the senators being allowed to wear them in private life. The earliest use of rings and the form which they most generally- took was of the nature of a signet, and was used to give authenticity to documents before the aCrt of writing was- known to any but professional scribes; But they soon became symbols of power and authority; and we remember the Duke in Twelfth NTght sent his ring By Viola to his mistress Olivia, as a token that all power was designated to the- holder of the ring. This signet was used by merchants as - their own private mark, equivalent to our trade mark. and. moreover, was the only form rings took for a very long period. A form of signets introduced into Egypt to tije Etruscans was a gold swivel ring, mounted' with a scarab: A curious form of ring found in Greek tombs are for the dead, a provision never made in these days; they are hollow and light, and ijet with round" convex pastes; many of these were- so thm that it was necessary to fill them with mastic varnish to preserve their shape. Poison was inserted in the hollow rings of the Romans. A story is,related by Pliny that after the golden treasure had been stolen by Craseus from under tije- stone of the Capltolfne, Jupiter, thevcustodian, to escape torture, broke the gem of his ring in his mouth, expiring immediately from the effects of the poison secreted in it. . A curious ring of Venetian workmanship (and one which conld only have been worn. on ceremonial occasions) is the Jewish wedding ring of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, bSfng an elaborate structure. The bezel" bearing a conventional representation of the ark. a temple with inscriptions in Hebrew characters on either side. A highly elaborate form of Jewish wedding ring has projecting sockets, from wluch hang smalt rings, a very cumbersome finger ornament. The cost of these rings must have been great, not only from the amount of metal used, but the exquisite workmanship. on which account one would have been loth to see them consigned to the melting pot. as did the women of Prussia during the war of liberation in 1813, who, in lack of other coin; contributed their wedding rings, receiving in return those made of iron, bearing the legend, "ich gebe geld fur eisefn." The pusstle rings are ingeniously contrived. the four hoops comprising the ring being separate, and fall to pieces when removed from the finger. These were the work of the old Indian goldsmiths. Much of beauty and symbol- Ism is shown in the. peasant rings. Innocent. III., in 1194. settled the fashion of the episcopal ring, who ordained that it should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on- which nothing was to be cut. The annular finger of the right hand is the »ne to bear this singularly symbolic ornament. and bishops never wear more than one. though the portrait of Pope Julius II. is represented as wearing six rings. According to Durandus, the Episcopal ring was symbolical of perfect fidelity, of the duty of sealing and revealing, and, lastly, of the gift of the Holy Ghost. A massive ring of bronze gilt, the square bezel ibeng set with a green chalcedony and emblazoned with St. Marks in relief, on each side of the shoulders shields of arms, repesents a papal ring of the fifteenth, century, and was given by popes to new-made cardinals. Another most interesting ring was the property of Alhastan. bishop of Sheborne;-and was found at Uysfaen. i» the north-east part of Carnarvonshire, in 1773. It Is gold, and very massive, the hoop being' fonmed of eight divisions. alternately circular and lozengeshaped, nielloed and inscribed "Alheta." A ring, said to have been given by Charles I. to Bishop Juxon on the day of his execution, has the sentiment, "Rather death than fals fayth," engraved on its bezel. Falstaff boasts that in his youth lie was "slender enough to creep into any alderman's ring," which shows that this style Is dated from the fourteenth to Jthe seventeenth centuries. Everyone knows of the poison ring of Demosthenes, and the one by which Hannibal killed himself, with its hollow besjel filled with deadly poison. A ring used as a charm to ward off disease, and worn by the South Germans of the sixteenth century, i? quaintly, set with three wolves' teeth, the shoulders chased with two roses in relief.— "New York Mail and Express." 