The Relief Fcxd tor Distressed Far- l meos. — The public-spirited generosity of Messrs. George Wills & Co. in giving £500 to start, a. fund for hp.lninr* farmers who are b&illET; ruined by the unprecedented drought is having an excellent effect, and we are pleased to state that the sums acknowledged in the H-fjistcr now aggregate £U70 Ss. Most of the subscrip tions are accompanied by letters expressing the heartiest approval of and sympathy with the effort we are making to awaken public interest in the farmers' and graziers' needs. On Saturday Mr. R. A. Stock, Chairman of Directors of the South Australian Brewing Company, sent along a cheque for £52 10s., with the following letter : — ' Sir— Enclosed is cheque for fifty guineas for Distressed Farmers' Fund, and I am suro your trouble in collecting the fund will be most thoroughlyappreciatedbyalltheunfortunates. ' Mr. W. k. Simms has also forwarded a cheque for a similar amount. Messrs. J. Bowman and T. R. Bowman each contribute £25, and Messrs. Matthew Goode & Co. £15. The Globe Timber Mills Company in giving £10 10s. intimate that a further donation will probably be forthcoming if it be required. The S.S. Helex Nicoll. — Shippers to E3perance Bay will be pleased to learn that the s.s. Helen Nicoll is again on the berth for this port. The auctioneers, Messrs. J. H. Weidenhofer & Co. have sold the vessel privately to Messrs. John Darling &. Son, who intend to employ her in the same trade as be fore. Advertisements elsewhere notify that the owners are now prepared to book passengers and cargo. The Militia. — Saturday's weather, how ever objectionable in a certain sense, was capital for the Military, who were out during the afternoon engaged in various instructive exercises. The men are settling down to work, and the recruits are taking an interest in their new duties, being evidently honestly desirous of qualifying ' themselves for 'soldiers,' for such the members of the reorganized force are now styled. The Garrison Artillery were drilling at the forts, the Machine- Erun Corps were at their par ticular work, and the Adelaide Rifles were practised at judging distances — very necessary and useful employment. Definite information as to whether the new guns ordered from England are ou the water has not yet been received, but it is probable that they are on the way out. Ax Adelaide Medical Student is Eng land.— The many friends of Mr. T. P. S. Parkinson will be pleased to learn that he has pasfcod his first examination in the Durham University with credit. In September of last year Air. Parkinson proceeded to England, accompanied by his mother, to complete his medical studies, thus escaping the troubles by which the students of the local University have been afiected. Of fifty-seven who pre sented themselves for examination eleven only were successful, among whom was the subject of this notice, who passed in each of bis sub jects. Mr. Parkinson was erstwhile a St. Peter's boy, and distinguished himself both as a cricketer and footballer. In the former capacity he captained his College, and he played in first-class football with the Norwoods. He has sustained his reputation as an adept with tho willow in the old country, having on several occasions come out as top scorer for his club, the Northumberland. He is second son of the late respected Dr. Parkinson, of Crystal Brook, who was a well-known patron of manly sports, and who was mainly instrumental in bringing into public notice the now world famed lightning trundler, Mr. Jones, who was for a considerable time one of the popular medico's employes, but whose employment was principally on tbe cricket pitch. Surgeons ant) Phtsiciaxs. — At St. Peter's Church, Ballarat, on Sunday, October IS, before a large congregation, the Rev. Slaney Poole, formerly, of St. John's, Adelaide, preached a sermon from Ecclesiastes, xxxviiL 1, ' Honour a physician with the honour due unto him, for the uses which you may have of him, for God hath created him.' We take the following concluding remarks from a report in the Ballarat Courier: — ' Our Lord was not only the Saviour of the souls of men, but He was also the physician of the bodies. Thus I look upon the pbysician as inheriting of a sort of Apostolical succession tho gifts of healing which were showered upon the Church at its birth by the Holy Ghost. They are, as it were. Driests in their own domain. Every hospital, every sick-room, is a temple in which God's work Ls being faithfully carried on by those his ministers are appointed to this very thing. Thus it is that just as St. Paul lamented divisions in the Church, just as wo recognise * brawling in Church' as an offence, so in these temples, which are dedicated to tbe cure of the body, divisions and brav-ling are just as unseemly — for it cannot but be tbat while strife and contention reign the main object for which tho institution was established must be neglected. It seems to me little less than shocking that in a neighbouring colony for the last eighteen months there should have been strife and division in the leading Hospital — a strife which would not have been heard of had not politics been allowed to inter fere with the due management of it. Mean while a whole horde of evil tempers are let loose, and vituperation fills the air. The lesson which this trouble seems to teach is that such institutions as these should be placed absolutely beyond political control ; for in the exigencies of political life, just as drown ing men clutch at straws, so will a fulling or failing party make use of almost any means to retain their position. Mean while so long as the strife rages the patients and would-be patients suffer, and these are, as you know, in a public hospital mainly and chiefly poor. 'A hospital in its place and purpose,' says Bishop Fraser. 'is as truly a consecrated building as a Church. It is con secrated not by ' a ceremonial act, but by a spiritual — by the presence of Christ within its walls, in His sick, His maimed, and His poor. The services rendered unto the least of His brethren. He reckons rendered unto Himself.' 4 1 was sick and ye visited Me.' Honour the physician with the honour due unto him. It may have struck you that except in very few instances has any honour by the Crown or State been conferred upon him. Those who tread tho thorny and often unsavoury path of politics tread the path which - most readily leads to such distinctions. The lavyer may, if his merits deserve it, be entitled of the Queen as one of her counsel, or may ultimately reach tho Bench and through that become a member of the Privy Council, and be called Right Honourable. A clergyman may some day be elevated above his fellows, and becom ing a Bishop be called Right Reverend, but with a few inconsiderable exceptions the physi cian stands outside the pale of the State and official honour. It is, perhaps, just as welL As a rule. I believe, these honours of the State are worthily won and worn, but some times, as you know, a man sacrifices honour to secure them. Sometimes by fawning on the rulers of the laud, whether that ruler wear one crown or many, men have crept into place and power: but such honours as these no wise and honourable man covets. The honour which is evoked by kind ministrations and tender care — the honour which is rendered to well-directed skill and self-sacrificing devotion — this is in deed honour, and it is this honour which I believe the medical brotherhood have in the main secured. It may be that none of them are 'my lorded' or called 'honourable,' but it is more to their honour that they should be real lords of a noble profession; that they should be skilful generals in their battle with disease, and that the honour which they covet shall be that honour which comes to every man who is ready to sacrifice himself on the altar of duty and give himself up to the self-denying service of his fellow-man.' 