CARDS IN CHURCH. The following curious article is taken from an English newspaper of the year 1773, and is there called the ' Perpetual Almanac ; or the Soldier's Prayer Book,'' by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the 42nd regiment, who was taken beforo the Mayor of Glasgow for The sergeant commanded the soldiers to church, and when tha parson read his prayers and took his ttri, fcliose who had a Bible took it out : but this soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Prayer Book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them out before him. He first looked at one card, and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said: Kichard, pnt up the cards ; this is no place for them,' 'Never mind that,' said Richard. When the service was over, the constable took Richard prisoner and brought bim before tho Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' what have you brought this soldier here for ?' ?? For playing cards in church.' 11 Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?' ?'Much, sir, I hope.' 'Very good ; if not, I will punish you more than ever man was punished.' ' I hava been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march : I have nsither Bible nor Common F?»yer Book r I bave nothing but a ???oinrnor: pack of earns, and I hope to satisfy your worship oCthe purity of my intentions.' ' Very good,** said 4he Mayor, Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. ' When I see the ace, it reminds me there is but one God. ' When I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son. ! ' When I see tho trey, it reminds me of I Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost. ! ' When I see the fourv it reminds mo of the -four Evangelists that preached, viz.:— Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. ' When I soi the Eve, it reminds aie of the five wiso virgins that trimmed their lamps. There wero ten, but five wens fools and were sent out. ' When I s.'.-e ths eii; A reaited* me tnat in ! six diys we Lord made- fcaavee an-5 earth. j ' Wlw 1 see the wen^ it raminis me that on tho ssventh day God ?esteo! frcni tbe works He had made, and hallowed it. ' When I sea the eight, it ra-ziinds me of the I eicht richteous ser3ons that; were saved when i Qod drowne'i the -yo-rid, 7iz., «Toab. and fcss j ivifej his fcaree aone zzi4 f&eir; wises. \ ' When I see ihm nine; ii£ reminds nje ok tlw | nine leper: that weics cleansed by our Savioer. | Thero wers ten, bnt slue never returned thanks. ! ' When I see the ten, it reminds me ii tbe ' Ten Ocmmindmsnta, which Qod handed down j te Moses on a iaDlo ot stor-.o. j ' WJssr. I see. tfse King, it remind? bs of tba ! jn.-at Hint; -jf Heaven, waioh if 'rod Almighty. | ' Whet. I srs fch-- Quean, it reminds me 01 j the Queen oi? Sb.oba, wno wjric to near tha wis- ! drwBi of Salomon; for ste was as wisa a woman j &,-- he c rcat. Sbr broagnt witt. Ser 'ity Vys ] ^ua fifty giris. all drsssad tn bo-3' .ijpafei,. Sir - SiiiB Soloinon to -Will which 'wera siris! Kisg I 'iclsnioM Jea; t'»r 77atsr-.'or fe?ir. xo wash thsia- \ icivea - tht girls wasbad te the atbowc, and iha ( hcys only to t,-!;-? wristc so King, fvaloisoa told cy 1 this. ' * j ' Well,' said tne mayor. ' you have give^ e. ! ^ascription of every card in the ;.ac- except n we.' J ' ^Vhat Ja teat ?' asked tte 3oldiur. '? The Ksrvs,' said the- mayor. ' I wiii give /oar taiv.ur : iewri; tion of that, tovs, if you wili not be aagry.' ?? I will ret,' *aiii the caysc, ' it you wilt v-t tern, ms to be 1 knave*,''' ' Well,' said tbD soicter.. ' fcio gi-aatst-s knav? that I k.-iow of ii tia cinstable whu brought o»e kire,.' '? 1 do noi Smss'. ?'? aaii ths niayof, ?'? wisiher j he !i the greacess kaa.vo, bai !I snow he's the greatest fooL ' ' When I count how many spots in, a p»ck,' continued the soldier, ' I tod three hundred andsisty-Sve — as many as tberaara diiys in 'ihrt I joar. ! ' When 1 couut ins number cf caids in a pick, I find there are Sfty-two — as many v?eekc as there aro in a year j; ind 1 ilnd four suits — ths cumber oi weeks in; ths -nontb. j ' I find there are twelve mccure cards in tD* j pack, representing th-t Dumber or months in j the year ; and, counting tho tricks, I find tbir- j teen — the number of weeks in a quarter. So j you see, sir, ihe pack if cards serves for a 1 Bible, Almanac, and Commor. Prayer 3ook to mo. ? 