JOTTINGS FROM WESTERN AUSTRALIA. III. . One would imagine that the religious tone in Perth has not been bo dormant in former yeara as we are letf to believe has been the case in business and agriculture etc. One glance at our Wesleyan Church is proof that, for over a quarter of a century ago, the spirit of Methodism must have been well aglow. There are the three chapels or churches on a large block of land in the very heart of the city, the firat very small. The present magnificent building is an ornament to the town and its 25th anni versary was held only a few weeks since. The seating capacity was 600 but at preB entit is undergoing extensive alterations: building galleries, and other improve ments, which will increase the seating accommodation to about 1500, and when complete will be 'unique' as the most comfortable and popular place of worship in Perth. The cost of the present improvements will be about £1500. The church is supplied with both gas and electric light. The old folk of , West Australia scarcely know where they are. The ' t'other siderB,' they say, have taken their country from them, and so it is, the change that has taken place during the past twelve month* in population, business energy, and enterprise in every Way is simply amazing, and the same element of ' go ' the Christians have brought from the eastern colonies, especially from the ' Forward Move ment ' organisations, has manifested itself in a revival and building up of the various churches. All denomina tions, as in Sydney, are represented here. The Salvationists have a strong footing and the Young Men's Christian Association is ako doing good evangelis tic work. The Rev. G. E. Rowe is the chairman of the Wesley an Church in this colony and might justly be styled a bishop. So wonderfully expansive haB been the religious movement ; the very worthy chairman's energy and brain must be taxed to the very utmost. This is more truly, as your North Queensland Correspondent writes, a country of more 'magnificent distances' At one trip Mr. Rowe is 400 miles north, another 400 miles east and at th b moment nearly 800 miles south radiating from Perth, and these distances are but half the area which require the attention of our chairman. Mr. Rowe iB an indefatigable organiser to whom Methodism must acknowledge her in debtedness in Western Australia. Wesley Church is a charming place for the worship of God. The response to the Psalm leseonB, the monthly com munion lessons, and especially the chanting or singing of the Lord's Prayer were always especial means of grace to our correspondent. Mr. Rowe is a clear, instructive, practical preacher, not afraid to speak out. A true type of ' John the Baptist' and yet ' wise as a serpent and haruilesB as a dove.' WeBley Church represents the largest and 'inoBt attentive congregation in Perth. The organ, though not one of largest, is perhaps one of the loudest and best toned in any church in the AuBtralias. The singing is excellent, and the choir and church members are not a little proud of their choir-master, the Hon. Sir George Shenton, presi dent of the Legislative Council of Perth. And while it is exceedingly encouraging, it cannot be thought invidious to refer to the zeal and attentions of Sir George and family to the various interests of Wesleyan Methodism. In connection with Wesley Church, there are several classes, one of which, significantly called by the members the ' T'other Siders' Class,' or the ''Hallelujah Corner,' numbers about 80 members. The others are smaller. There is a mission service, an endeavour society, bible class, literary class, and boy's brigade, all of which meet weekly at William-street'. The boy's brigade, under control of Major Munken, is a most popular institution. The boy'B are well drilled during the week and walk in marching style on the sabbath to church, numbering about 70\. Rev. G. E. Rowe is not only ,a8 a bishop, but he is the recognised captain 'of the brigade. The insti tution is gazetted in Glasgow, England, and the accoutrements of dresB are ordered, so it will be a presentable Bight soon in marching orders. The stated object is worthy of notice ; ' The advancement of Christ's Kingdom among the boys, and the promoting of habits of obedience, reverence, self respect and discipline.' The ' Mission of Sisterhood '' is another very pleasing development of Mr. Rowe's organisation. Though only -in its second year's growth there are five missions and nine sisters distributed as required — Southern Cross, Coolgardie, Freemantle, Janakdale and Perth, and other places. The Sister hood is different to what we have in N. S. Wales. Except in one or two cases the BiBters are more particularly ' trained nurses,' and they devote themselves more especially to their professional ' engagements ' than to missionary, evangelistic, or revival operations. However, though some would wish to see great spiritual results; the sisterB, in nursing, are doing a good work, and it, is no little encouragement to absent fathers and mothers, to think that there are nursing Bisters on the gold-field, and that the soft words of a sister may cheer many a closing eye. There are three Wesleyan churches in Perth within one mile of each other — without referring to Freemantle, Guild ford and other places — and the Sunday schools of Perth are largely attended. Well may the question be asked, What hath God wrought? It is written, ' Paul plants, Apollos waters, and God gives the increase.' The church has had, under excellent guidance, great growth; and we are looking forward for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It will come ! Many are praying and waiting and expecting it. In my next, interesting and reliable information re Coolgardie — ' The Golden City ' — and its surroundings. J. O. 