8JJBIAC0 WESLEY CHUMCH. ? *- ? LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation-stone of Wesley Church, Subiaco, was laid on Wed nesday by Mrs. Shenton. The site selected for the new edifice is on the Broome-road, Subiaco, and is central. The building has stone foundations, with a super structure of jarrah, and it will accommodate about 350 people. Mr. R. T. M'Master is the architect, and Mr. D. Gray the contractor. The pro ceedings opened with the singing of a suitable hymn, and after a prayer had been offered by the Rev. T. Bird, appropriate selections of Scripture were read by the Revs. A. J. Barclay and C. A. Jenkins. The Rev. G. E. Bowe gave a brief address, and stated that they had met that afternoon to commence the building of a church in the growing and populous suburb of Subiaco. Within the wails of the structure to be erected the Gospel of Christ would be preached, and he hoped thai much good work would be accomplished there. As a church, as far as they were able, they were endeavoring to provide the* ordi nances of the Christian religion, not only in the thickly populated but also in the sparsely populated districts of the colony. On be half of the trustees, he pre sented Mrs. Shenton with a mallet, suitably inscribed, and he asked her to lay the stone. The stone, having been adjusted, was then laid by Mrs. Shenton, who efficiently performed the ceremonv, and said' : — ' To the glory of God, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I declare this stone to be well and truly laid.' Offerings were then placed upon the stone. The Rev. W. A. Potts moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. Shenton for her kindness on that occasion. The Bev. H. Wilkinson, of Kalgoorlie, seconded the motion, and spoke in appre ciative terms of Mrs. Shenton's attachment and service to the church, while Mr. J. Murdoch, resident treasurer of the church trust, supported the resolution, which wa6 enthusiastically carried. There was a large and representa tive attendance, and, in addition to the ministers already named, the Revs. J. Weir, J. Moy Ling, and Paul Soong Quong were present. After the singing of the doxology the benediction was pronounced, and the gathering; dispersed. Coolgasimb Mechanics' In stitute. — At a meeting of the Coolgardie Municipal Council yes terday, it was resolved, instead of reducing the cost o£ erecting the Mechanics' Institute from .£1,350 to ^£1,000, to apply to the bank for an additional .£350, and carry out the original plan. 