Kiigswood( Clhaoe, CIHAPT'ER' LXIX, LADY Maud having successfully pas:cd through two ordeals, was in no mood to try a third. Neitheir Lord nor Lady Kingswood had spoken-to her in direct terms of Erie Gorer ; both had alluded to him ; tui while the first hid promised to recur to the. subject again, the latler bad abandoned all wish to see her united to Philip Avon. This was a great gain on the side of her hopes, tiut.ihere were yet Lord Kingswood to deal with' and Philip Avon to contend with ; and the third ordeal she feared to uudergo was to meet the two in the library when she returned to it with Lady Kings wood's assent to meet her husband. She knew well that Lord Kingswood, in. cited to address her on the hateful subject by Philip Avon, ounid defiantly deride her rrjection of his hand and address her as if she were already his. She therefore addressed a note to Lord Kingswood, in which she pleaded her own weak health as an excuse for not conveying to him Lady Kingswood's answer in person. She then communicated Lady Kingswood's assent to meet him at the time she had appointed for the irterview. This note sbhe dispatched by her maid Harebell, and I: cked herself within her sleeping apartment, in order that, undisturbed she might devise a plan of comrmunication aith Erie and concert some mode by, which he could -escape. Anxious as Lord Kingswood had been to have an interview' with Erle after his arrangement with Sir Harris Stanhope and his conference nihh old Pengrcep he was disconcerted to :find., him at Kingswood Hall. His first intention was to speak with him alone, urge upon him his comparatively friendless condition, assure him that he was the child of ob3cur2 parents, and had been reared by Vernon simply as an instrument of revenge, to insist that Ihis attempt to foist himself upon him, Lord Kingswood, and family as a relative would be effec:uilly crushed now and for ever, antd, finally, to demonstrate to him that his wisest course would be to abandon his preposterous claims, and to place himself entirely at .his, Lord Kingswnood's disposal. This done, it was his design to poustray in brilliant colours the manner in which he would compensate him for obedience to his wishes. Heshould take another name to that which he now bore, and with it a young, beautiful, well-bred gentlewoman for a wife, be appointed to a responsible post under G:,vernment-some fifteen or twenty thousand miles distant from London--achieve a position, &c.; &ec.;, all very glowing, no doubt, and tempting. However, when he reflected over this plan, he became conscious of a certain reluctance to face Erie in the chamber in which he had left him. He did not know why; he tried to find a reason, but the lothlulness increased rather than diminished with his self-aguing. Then suggestions presented themselves to him, pointing out Sir Harris Stanhope as the fittest person to discuss the matter with Erie. Sir Harris could speak in a confident tone of the obscurity of his parents, which he, Lord Kingswood, would find it impossible to do without faltering; altogether, it would be the best plan to forward Erle to London, to keep him somewhere in private, where Sir Harris Stanhope would have an opportunity of working upon his mind, first depressing and discouraging him, and then tempting him. It was not without a sense of shame that Lord Kingswood at length resolved to pursue this. course; and though he tried to deceive himself into the belief that it was at once most prudent and most promising of success, he did not succeed ; still be resolved to carry it out. He did not wholly give tip his intention of seeing Erle alone before he despatched him to London; but he determined to postpone the interview until the following day. He fancied it would have a salutary effect upon the youth to keep him for four and twenty hours in solitary confinement. VWhile engaged in these reflections he re. membered that Philip Avon had charged Erie with Etaaling the weapons of Tubal Kish, a paltry charge he saw plain enough; but it reminded him of the old bunting-lodge in the Chace, and that It harboured the ruffisn of whom Philip bad spoken,. He remembered that it had in years past sheltesed one to whom he had acted most treacherously, and it had since been the roof-tree of one young and fair, who had cempletely blighted the happiness of his son Cyril. That son was shortly to be married, and he believed that it was his duty to pay a secret visit to that lodge; endeavour to ascertain the names and condition of those who dwelt witbirrit, and whether it would not be a judicious plan to expel the inmates, and have the building razed to the ground. Having. he believed, become master of the situation in Erle's matter, he had but to reconcile himself with Lady Kingswood, see Cyril and Maud married, and pass the rest of his.lile in peace. While deeply abstracted is these rntnina tions Harebell appeared wi.h the note Maud bad euttusted to her. Shite stood close to the table while he perused it, as if waiting for a reply. She, too, fastened her eyes upon the key, which lay within reach of her ficgers. Lord Kingswood read the note with great satisfaction. A proud smil: curled his lip as he said to the girl- ' Present my thanks to Lady Maud, and inform her ladyship that the appointment shall be kept.' Harebell curtseyed, but did not offer to move. Lord Kingswood waved hilshand to her, and said, curtly 'You can go.' - 'If you please, my lord,' said Harebell, curtseying again, ' Benson, the gamekeeper, _ who is watching the door of the roots in the eastern wing, told me to ask your lordship whether the young gentleman who has been put in there is to have anything to eat while She remains?' 'Oh, by all means; errtainly,' replied Lord Kingswood, quickly. 'Let rlrereshmeut be served to him at regular intervals.' As his lordship spoke he turned away, as if to leave the apartment. 'I beg your pardon, my lord,' said Hare. bell, slightly raising her voice, ' but Benson says, if the young gentleman is to have dinner served up to bisn, how is he to take it into the room while the door is locked ? 'Oh, sye, true- I fcrgot,' respounded Lord Kingswood, takIing up the key, which seemed 'to fascinate Isre.bell in so strange a manner, 'This is thle key of the room; give it to Benson,' he said, handing it to her:. ' Tell him that on no account is he to permit the inmate of that room to leave it, neidter is to admit within it any other person tIha: himself, on pain of dismissal. Let this ker, when the refreshment has been served, be returned to me.' ' Yes, may it please you, my lord,' exclaimed the girl, taking possession of the key, adding, ' Benson wants to know, too, if you please, my lord, that when the young gentleman has had his supper will there be any occasion for him to wait?' *'Benson is very troublesome,' exclaimed Lord Kingswood, with a frown. *What does he mean by wait ?' 'Oh, my lord, he mears, is he to watch all night when the chamber-door is locked and everybody in lcl and fast asleep?' answered Harebell. Lord Kingsieood rmused for a minute or so, and then said ' No-no, it will be unnecessary. Let him be careful, before he retires for the night, that the door is secure, that will be sufficient.' SThank ye, my lord, responded Harebell, with a cuissay, and before Lord Kingswood could even turn round, she disappeared from the apartment. Arming himself with a eun, and taking a dog with him, Lord Kingswood quitted Kingswood Hall for the Chace, as if to enjoy an hour's shooting alone, for he would not permit anyone to accomnp:ny him, I-Iarebcil, in the meantime, returned to her young mistress, and knocking at the chamber-door, begged to be allowed to say a few words to her. Lady Maud was hardly pleased at the interruption, fir, with her burnirg cheek laid upon her hand, she was trying to contrive some mode of communicating with.Erle." A visionary antique key. was dancing be fore her eyes in the most provoking style all the time. She, however, rose up and gave admittance to Harebell. She saw instahtly that the girl was somnewhat excited, for her eye was usually flushed, and the e-ik of her cheek was much heightened. * What do you wish to say to me, Hare bell?' she inquired, with an expression of surprise. 'Why, if you please, my lady, I took your note to Lord Kingswood, and his lordship presents his thanks to y.ur ladyship, and he will keep the appointment,' answered Hare bell, calmly. 'You could have told me that at any time, Harebell,' said Lady Maud, coldly, turning away. 'So I could, if you please, my lady,' she replied; ' but any time would not do for the favour I want to ask of your ladyship.' 'Favour, Harebell? What is it?' responded Lady Maud, again surprised. 'Does your ladyship know Benson-the gamekeeper Benseon ?' asked Harebell. SI do-by sight,' rejoined Lady Maud. SWell, my lady, it is Benson who has been set to watch the goblin chamber in the eastern wing, where the poor young gentleman is locked in.' Lady Maud's heart began to flutter. *What of Benson, tell me, Harebell ?' she exclaimed, a little impatiently. ' Why, you see, my lady,' answered Hare bell, archly, 'wben I carried your ladyship's note to Lord Kingswood I lost my way in the corridors and came right upon Benson, who with a gun resting on the hollow of his arm, was keeping watch outside the door of that horrid ghost-hole. I was like to faint with rrighr, but Benson held me up and told me not to give way to my feelings, and so I wanted to know what lihe did there, and he told me; then I wanted to know who was to give Mr. Erie anything to eat to' keep him from starving, and he said he didn't know, he had no orders, and so--my lady-as I was then going to see Lard Kingswood I thought-I said to Benson-at least I meant to have said to Benson-and I shall say to Benson- what I was to have said to his lordship--' Harebell, you are trying my patience. very much indeed,' exclaimed Lady Maud, looking as grave as her sweet face would permit. Harebell smiled as she looked up, with a provoking assump:ion of simplicity. ' La, my lady, am I ? Well I didn't know that I was doing so, I'm sure. What I meant to say was that as nobody but Lord Kingswood could give those orders, and as it certainly would be very wicked to let Mr. Erle starve for the want of asking for them, I thought as I went to the library I would ask Lord Kingswood, and say it wam Benson who wanted to know what he was to do about it.' Lady Maud's heart began to throb. 'Did you ask his lordship?' she inquired, eagerly. 'To be sure I did, my lady.' 'And his lordship's reply ? Quick, quick, mny good girl,' exclaimed Lady Maud, eagerly. HIarebell held up the antique key, and swung it backwards and forwards by the handle. Lady Mlaud felt a strange faintness oppress her, She caught at a table for 'support, and for a moment her eyes grew dim. There, within her reach, was the shadowy key which had for the last hour or so been distracting her vision. 'That is his lordship's reply,' rejoined Marebell, with dancing eyes and the display of a very even row of white teeth. Harebell, usually so respectful to her young mistress, in her excitement forgot her quiet deference. .Lady Maud, in her excite ment, too, overlooked a familiarity she had never reen exhibited before. A thousand thoughts rushed through Lady Maud's brain at sight of that key, but she felt that she dare not ask for it, nor even display any anxiety respecting it. Harebell was not actuated by similar feelings. *The favour I have to ask of your lady ship is,' she continued, still with a mirthfutl shrewdness in her smile, 'to permit me to take this key to Bunseon, and bid himn supply Mr. Erle with whatever refreshment he re quires. Now, it yu please, my lady, may I take the key and the message to Benson?' 'Oh-yes-certainly,' exclaimed Lady Maud, hesitatingly, distressed to think she could not properly invent a stratagem to com municate herself with lirle without making a confidant of this girl, As if Harebell read her thoughts, she said * And if you please, Lady Mnud, I have another favour to ask of you, but I don't think you will grant this one.' Lady Maud trembled, she scarce knew why. ' Wherefore ask it, Harebell?' shae said, faintly. 'Because you are so thoughtful, so con siderate, so kind, so good, so different to Lord and--' ItHush, Ilarebell, you forget,' interposed Lady Maud, raising her finger. Ii beg your pardon, mnay lady,' returned Harebell; ' but the fact is, all the household like MIr. Erie, and they would do anything for himn they could without offnding Lord IKiogswood. Now, he has been treated cruelly enough already today, and srmeblody therdfre ought to treat hint with kindness, so I thought my lady-and pray don't be ffeTnded with mre, because I only speak from good teelings-that if your ladyship would just write two or three lies to hins to ask to requeta hin-t-o say what refreshment be would like, and when hie would wish to have ii--it rould, my lady, seem to him, lonely and miserable as he must be, that he is not lorsaken by all the world. It is a little thing to do, my lady, brit it v.ill be a gladsome thing to him, and will show him that he is not clt wholly at thie mercy of a set of ser· vants.' Why, it was the very stratagem that Lady Maud could not thick of until thus put before her very eyes and intoher hands. Her healt was too full to speak, but Hare bell's quick glance detected tile large tear which had sprung into her eye. She hurried to her desk without a word, and sat down to write. What ? Here was another difficulty. She could speak'of her sorrow at his position but to suggest a mode of deliverance she could not. Tears of vexation trickled down her checks as she destroyed the fourth note slte had written. At length she wrote a few passion ate, loving lines, expressive of tile agony his position occasioned her, and breathing a hope that Heaven would permit them to meet once more ere it sundered them for ever. She would not even read the note after sbe had written it, but with checks of the hue of a carnation, she handed it to Hare. bell, and bade her hurry with it to its destination. Harebell's ears tingled as she took it, and she hurried off with it, taking the coveted key with her. Hazel is talking of me,' she said, tapping her scarlet ears with her finger as she tripped along. ' Bless him, he is sure ti be speaking well of me, ' So bum on, hum on, little ea,' and I'il think sweet things of my dear.' Poor dear Lady Maud, I pretended not to see the torn notes, but I knew what tiley mean', Ah, and she shall see him as well as write to him toy, or my name is not Harebell. I have the key. I shall let myself in. I shall hate the key again to-night. I shall admit whatever person I think proper to that roam. Lord Kinrgswood told me to tell Benson that he was to admit nobody. Lord Kingswo;d did not tell me that I was not to admit any body within that room. Now, if Mr. Erle gives me a message to carry back to Lady Maud, I must carry it to her; and if Lady Maud complies with his prayer, well,. that is their allair and not mine. O dear, O dear, it is very nice to have a young man, but it is very hard to be separated in this way. I Rish Hazel had got that nice road-side inn, and I was Mrs. Hazel smiling on the customers., Heigho I what a while it takes to get a little money together.' And as she finished she encountered Benson. l Where are you going, pretty little Suky ?' exclaimed Benson, ' all eyes,' as he gazed on her pretty face. 'Dont you be rude and familiar, game keeper,' she said, tossing her head in a way which made him vow she was more beautiful than a fawn. And he found her as shy, too, because, as he felt like talking to her with his arm round her waist, he stretched out his limb to encircle it, but she eluded his grasp, and politely requested him not to make himnself a fool. I want to go into that chamber,' she said, 'But you can't,' he replied, shortly. ' But I will,' she answered. He laughed. ' My orders are to let no one in or out,' he said, ' and I must obey.' ' Orders indeed,' she said; ' you will take your orders from me. Stand out of the way, I am going into that room.' 'Dost thee mean to go through the key hole, lass ?' he said, with a grin. ' I mean to go in by the keyhole,' she said, flourishing the key under his nose. \- What is that, lass ?' he said, with a look of surprise. ' Did you think Mr. Gower was to starve here all day ?' she asked. 'Lord Kingswood. has given the key to me. I am going to ask Mr. Gower what he would like for dinneri and then 1 shall carry it to him and give the key to you until supper-time. When the bell rings for supper I shall come again and take the key back to Lord Kingssood, then you may retire to your bed. ' Be those Lord Kingswood's orders ?' he asked, d ubtingly. ' They be, sir,' she said, laying a stress on the verb; ' so get out of my way.' ' Well I be glad of that,' he said. ' Let anyone that likes watch haunted chambers, I don't like it.' Harebell passed into the room, where she saw Erle looking out thoughtfully into the Chace. She brgau talking to him about what re freshment he would take, and he declined to take any; but she raised her finger in a cautioning manner, and shipped Lady Maud's letter into his hand. He seized it and devoured its contents. He hissud the small, neat writing a thousand times, and committed a variety of cxtrava. gancies r.lther pleasing to Harebell to baltold, but hazardous ii beheld by Benson. She therefore calmed down his transports, and in an undertone, asked a meisage back in reply.a. Tearing a leaf from a pocket book, he was about to write upon it, when Harebell stopped him. ' It is necessary to be very cautis.us,' she whispered. 'I might lose the paper or it might be taken from me. Don't you think, sir, it would, be better if you were to say to the young lady herself all that you wish to write ?' ' It would, indeed,' exclaimed Erle; but how is an interview to be accomplished ?' 'Leave that to me,' returned Harebell. 'All you have got to do is to write and beg Lady Maud to come to you, if only toe five minutes. I'll do all thIe rest.' Erle seized her hand and wrung it. Then he wrote in terms of entreaty for Lady Maud to grant him an interview, as Harebell had suggested. He banded the note to the girl, who slipped it down her bosom and then wbis. pered 'We shall not be here until rifter nightfall.' 'Raising her voice, she requested to know at what hour she should bring him some refreshlment; and on replying 'a few hours hence,' she quitted him, turned the key in the lock and then handed it to Benson. 'You will please to take care of that, gamekeeper,' she said, saucily, 'and mind you don't let a soul *go in, or Lord Kings. wood will Ihunt you over the furze-patches with a pack of beagles, as they do rabbits.' He grinned as usual, and she tripped away. She turned abruptly down a flight of steps, for shie saw'Philip Avon, with a scowling visage, advaecing towards the chamnber in the eastern wing. 'I should like to turn the milk of lis happi ness sour if I could,' she said, rather spite fully; 'and I will as sure as my name is Susan Harebell. At', and Ill make a couple of true lovers hIappy hor an hour at least, or I'll burn for it.' And with this determination, she re-ap. peared before Lady Maud, who, with intense anxiety, was awaiting her return. TO DE CONTINUED. 