THE GHOST OF HA1LSHAM CASTLE. Fob Recitation. "Talkin' of ghosts, reminds me, Mam, . Of a story now many years old ; It 'appened one night when my husband, Sam, Got too much to drink, and was bold. Now, Sam, ye must know, he wasn't o'er well The mornin' 'e left for the fair, An' so 'e called in at the 'Old Blue Bell,' To have a drink, 'e and the mare. He said he'd be home not later than six Both 'e aud the old mare together ; But ten o'clock struck— I thought, Sam's in a fix, An' lying dead drunk at ' the Feather. At the thought o' that, Mam, I felt full o' grief. I couldn't see black night for cryin' ; To turn over quite another new leaf, I vowed it while sobbin' an sighin'. I'd leave him, I would, that there very night ; I'd go where he never wouid find me. I put on my things and made myself right To cut 'imand leave 'im behind me. I'd to pass on that night that very old pile — The castle— once owned by 'Ould Robin, Tired out pon a stone I sat for awhile, For my heart was a-beatiti' an' sobbin'.' Some sailors, ye know, from the neigh- bouin' coast, Were standin' wi' some folks quite near; They were talking and whisperin' bout a weird ghost, As walked there that night every year. 'Twas now 'bout midnight, an' all was so dark. The blackest of nights without doubt ; I was thinkin' of 'ome, when the sailors cried ' Hark There it is ! See ! Walkin' about !' I screamed when I saw it ; it looked, oh, ?n tvkifa " ""w> As it stealthily walked up and down ; Except a long robe which was shiney and bright, Nothing else had it on but that gown. The village 'twas in such a terrible plight Men, women and children stood fixed ; They came far -and near in the dead o' the night, And they looked not a little unmixed. The news reached the ears of Viscount Macdanna, Who now stood in front o' the throng, . Gazin' together wi' Lady Susannah, Who whispered that 'somethin' was wrong. ' The ghost shouted out in grave tones, 'Hailo!' 'Twas a long, piercing, dismal, deep groan. The Crowd scurried back with a scared, mighty Oh !' For someone had thrown a big stone. On came the ghost with such terrible speed. His white robes a-flowin' in the air ; A-howlin'and groanin' because o' that deed, He seized Lord Macdanna's young heir. Stop !' cried the parson, ' speak ! who, sir, art thou ?' The ghost not a word did i t speak, A1 am; 1 conjure thee to speak, who, sir, art thou?' Dontcherknow, old cock ? Why, I'm is. w ;J oaut : Mplvy Ouseley. Smith : " Are the whisky and cigars all right ?" Brown . " Yes, they're under the seat." Smith : " And the lunch ?" Brown : " That's under the seat, too." Smith : And the hooks and lines f Brown : " By Jove !' I forgot them entirely. ; Smith : " That's too bad. Well I sup pose we'll have to get along the. best way. we can without them." Teacher : " Who was Diogenes ?" . Tommy Traddles : " Please, ma'&nrhe; \v as a celebrated Englishman." ' ' Teacher : " How in the world did you get that impression ?" Tommy Traddles : " Why, he was so foiui of his tub." After several bright children in a class had given their various answers to their teacher's query for the definition of wife, a soriowfuHittle maiden spoke up : "Someone for a man to find fault with when things go wrong." 