TALES & SKETCHES THE STORY OF A SENDING. A Tale of the Gold Coast. By H. G. WILLS. CHAPTER 2. " It is funny dat his head keeps up side down," said Perera with an uneasy laugh. " His brains must be heavy, like de weight in de little images ono sees dat always keep upright wid lead In dem. You will take him wiv you when you go pre sently. You might take him now. De cards are all spoilt. Dere is a man sell dem in Freetown. Do room is in a filthy mess as it is. You should have killed him yourself." Pollock pulled himself together, and went and picked up the head. He would hang it up by the lamp hook in the middle of the ceiling of his room, and dig a grave for it at once. He was under the impression that he hung it up by the hair, but that must have been wrong, for when he returned for it, it was hanging by the neck upside down. He buried it before sunset on the north side of the shed he occupied, so that he should not have to pass the grave after dark when he was returningifrom Perera's. He killed two snakes before he went to sleep. In the darkest part of the night he awoke with a start, and heard a patter ing sound and something scraping on the floor. He sat up noiselessly, and felt under his pillow for his revolver. A mumbling growl followed, and Pollock fired at the sound. There was a yelp, and something dark passed for a moment across the hazy blue of the doorway. " A dog !" said Pollock lying down again. In the early dawn he awoke again with a peculiar sense of unrest. The vague pain In his bones had returned. For some time he lay watching the red ants that were swarming over the ceiling, and then, as the light grew brighter, he looked over the edge of his hammock and saw some thing dark on the floor. He gave such a violent start that the hammock overset and flung him out. He found himself lying, perhaps, a yard away from the head of the Porroh man. It had been disinterred by the dog, and the nose was grievously battered. Ants and flies swarmed over it. By an odd coincidence it was still upside down, and with the same diabolical expression in the inverted eyes. Pollock sat paralysed, and stared at the horror for some. Then lie got up and walked round it-giving it a wide berth and out of the shed. The clear light of the sunrise, the living stir of vegetation before the breath of the dying land-breeze and the empty grave with the marks of the dog's paws, lightened the weight upon his mind a little. He told Perera of the business as though it was a jest-a jest to be told with white lips. " You should not have frightened de dog," said Perara, with poorly simulated hilarity. The next two days, until the steamer came, were spent by Pollock in making a more effectual disposition of this pos session. Overcoming his aversion to to handling the thing, he went down to the river mouth and threw it into the sea water, but by some miracle it escaped the crocodiles, and was cast up by the tide on the mud a little way up the river, to be found by an intelligent Arah half-breed, and offered for sale to Pollock and Perara as a curiosity, just on the edge of night. The native hung about in the brief twi light making lower and lower offers, and at last getting scared in some way by the evident dread these wise white men had for the thing, wont off, and, pasdng Pollock's shed, threw his burthen in there for Pollock to dis cover in the morning. At this Pollock got into a kind of frenzy. He would burn the thing. He went out straightway in to the dawn and had constructed a big pyre of brushwood before the heat of the day. He was interrupted by the hooter of the little paddle steamer from Monrovia to Bathurst, which was coming through the gap in the bar. "Thank Heaven !" said Poilock with infinite piety, when the meaning of the sound dawned upon him. With trembling hands he lit his pile of of wood hastily, threw the head upon it, and went away to pack his portmanteau and make his adieux to Petern. That afternoon with a sense of infinite relief Pollock watchad the flat swampy foreshore of Sulyma grow small in the distance. The gap In the long line of white serge becrme narrower and narrower. It seemed to be closing in and cutting him off from his trouble. The eeling of dread and worry began to slip from him bit by bit. At Sulyma belief i in Porroh malignity and Porroh magic had been in the air, his sense of Porroh had been vast, pervading, threatening, dreadful. Now manifestly the domain of Porroh was only .a little place, a little black band brtween the sea and the blue cloudy Mendi uplands. "Good-by, Porroh ! " said Pollock. " Good-by-certainly-not ' au revoir.' " The captain of the steamer came and leant over the rail beside him, and wished him good evening and spat at the froth of the wake in token of friendly ease. "I picked up a rummy curio on the beach this go," said the captain. " It's a thing I never saw done this side of Indy before." " What might that be ?" said Pollock. " Pickled 'ed," said the captain. "What ?" said Pollock. "'Ed-smoked. 'Ed of one of these Porroh chaps. All ornamented with knife cuts. Why I What's up ? Nothing ! I shouldn't have took you for a nervous chap. Green in the face. By Gosh! you're a bid sallor. All right, oh ! Lord, how funny you went ! . . Well, this 'ed I was telling you of is a bit rum in a way. I've got it, along with some snakes, in a jar of spirit in my cabin what I keeps for such curios, and I'm hanged if it don't float upsy down Hullo !" Pollock had given an incoherent cry, and had his hands in his hair. He ran towards tho paddle.boxes with a half formed idea of jumping into the sea, and then he realised his position and turned back towards the captain. " Here 1" said the captain. " Jack Phillips, just keep him off me! Stand off I No nearer, mister ! What's the ! matter with you ? Are you mad ?" Pollock put his hand to his head. It was no good explaining. "I believe I am pretty nearly mad at times," be said. "It's a pain I have here. Comes sud denly. You'll excuse me, I hope." He was white and in a perspiration. He saw suddenly very clearly aA the danger he ran of having his sanity doubted. He forced himself to restore the captain's confidence, by answering his sympathetic enquiries, noting his suggestions, even trying a spoonful of neat brandy in his cheek, and, that matter settled, asking a number of questions about the captain's private trade in curiosities. The captain described the head in detail. All the while Pollock was struggling to keep un der a preposterous persuasion that the ship was as transparent as glass, and that he could distinctly see the inverted face looking at him from the cabin beneath his feet. Pollock had a worse time almost on the 1 steamer than he had at Sulyma. All day a he had to control himself in spite of his g intense perception of the imminent pre e sence of that horrible head that was over e shadowing his mind. At night his old r nightmare returned, until, with a violent g effort, he would force himself awake,rigid with the horror of it, and with the ghost of a hoarse scream in his throat. He left the actual head behind at r Bathurst, where he changed ship for ;. Teneriffe, but not his dreams nor the dull 0 ache in his bones. At Teneriffe Pollock it transferred to a Cape liner, but the head \- followed him. He gambled, he tried ,e chess, he even read books, but he knew it the danger of drink. Yet whenever a A round, black shadow, a round, black ob k ject came into his range, there he looked d for the head, and-saw it. He know it clearly enough that his imagination was A. growing traitor to him, and yet at times it seemed the ship he sailed in, his fel h low-passengers, the sailors, the-wide sea e was all part' of a filmy phantasmagoria 1e that hung, scarcely veiling it between him st and a horrible real world. Then the a, Porroh man, thrusting his diabolical face 5r through that curtain, was the one real a- and undeniable thing. At that he would a get up and touch things, taste something, %t gnaw something, burn his hand with a match, or run a needle into himself. d So, struggling grimly and silently with 1" his excited imagination, Pollock reached d England. He landed at Southampton 0 and went on straight from Waterloo to his d banker's in Cornhill in a cab. There he d transacted some business with the manager e in a private room, and all the while the head hung like an ornament under the t black marble mantel and dripped upon d the fender. He could hear the drops fall and see the red on the fender. f " A pretty fern," said the manager, fol a lowing his eyes. " But it makes the a fender rusty." f "Very," said Pollock, "a very prefty n fern. And that reminds me, Can you recommed me a physician for mind 5 troubles? I've got a little-what is it? 1 hallucination ... -" SThe head laughed savagely,wildly. Pol i look was surprised the manager did not notice it. But the manager only stared at r his face. With the address of a doctor Pollock presently emerged in Cornhill. There Swas no cab in sight, and so he went on down to the western end of the street, and essayed the crossing opposite the Mansion House. The crossing is hardly Seasy even for the expert Londoner; cabs, Svans, carriages, mail-carts, omnibuses go by in one incessant stream; to anyone a fresh from the malarious solitudes of SSierra Leone it is a boiling, maddening confusion. But when an inverted head Ssuddenly comes bouncing, like an india Srubber ball, between your legs, leaving distinct smears of blood every time it touches the ground, you can scarcely hope Sto avoid an accident. Pollock lifted his feet convulsively to avoid it, and then kicked at the thing furiously. Then something hit him violently in the back, and a hot pain ran up his arm. d He had been hit by the pole of an omnibus, and three of the fingers of his left hand smashed by the hoof of ore of Sthe horses-the very fingers, as it hap. pened, that he shot from the Porroh man. I They pulled him out from between the a horse's legs, and found the address of the physician in his crushed hand. \- For a couple of days.Pollock's sensa tions were full of the sweet, pungent smoeil of chloroform, of painful operations that caused him no pain, of lying still and being given food and drink. Then he had a slight fever, and was very thirsty; and his old nightmare came back. It was only when it returned that he noticed it had left him for a day. " If my skull had been smashed instead of my fingers, it might have gone alto gether," said Pollock, atrling thought. fully at the dark cushion that had taken on for the time the shape of the head. Pollock at the first opportunity told the physician of his mind trouble. He knew clearly that he must go mat unless some thing should intervene to save him. He explained that he had witnessed a decapit ation in Dahomey, and was haunted by one of the heads. Naturally, he did not care to state the actual facts. The phy sician looked grave. Presently he spoke hesitatingly. " As a child did you get very much religious training 1" " Very little," said Pollock. A shade passed over the physician's face. " I don't know if you have heard of the miraculous cures-it may be, of course, they are not miraculous-at Lourdes." " Faith.healing will hardly suit me, I am afaid," said Pollock, witbhiis eye on the dark cushion. The head distorted its scarred features in an abominable grimace. The physician went upona new track. "It's all imagin ation," he said, speaking with sudden briskness. " A fair case for faith- healing anyhow. Your nervous system has run down, you're in that twilight state of health when the bogles come easiest. The strong impression was too much for you. I must make you up a little mixture that will strengthen your nervous system especially your brain and you must take exercise." " I'm no good for faith-healing," said Pollock. " And therefore we must restore tone. Go in search of stimulatirg air-Scotland, Norway, the Alps-" " Jericho, if you like," said Pollock "where Naaman went." However, so soon as his fingers would let him, Pollock made a gallant attempt to follow out the doctor's suggestion. It was now November. He tried football, but to Pollock the game consisted in kicking a furious inverted head about a field. He was no good at the game. He kicked blindly with a kind of horror, and when they put him back into goal and the ball came swooping down upon him he suddenly yelled and got out of its way. The discreditable stories that had driven him from England to wander in the tropics shut him off from any; but men's I society, and now his increasingly strange behaviour made even his man friends avoid him. The thing was no longer a thing of the eye merely ; it gibbered at him, spoke to him. A horrible fear came upon him that presently when lie took hold of the apparition it would no longer become some mere article of furniture, but would feel like a real dissevered head. Alone he would curse at the thing, defy it, entreat it ; once or twice, in spite of his s grim self-control, he addressed st in the presence of others. He felt the growing suspicion in the eyes of the people that I watched him, his landlady, the servant, b his man. 1 One day early in December his cousin b Arnold-his next of kin-came to see him and draw him out, and watch his sb unken yellow face with narrow eager r eyes. And it seemed to Pollock that the 1 hat his cousin carried in his hand was no k hat at all, but a Gorgon head that glared I at him upside down, and fdught with his I eyes against his reason. However, he v was still resolute to see the matter out. a He got a bicycle, and riding over the \- frosty road from Wandsworth to Kings 1 ton fonnd the thing rolling along at his v side, and leaving a dark trail behind it. s He set his teeth and rode faster. Then a suddenly, as he came down the hill I- towards Richmond Park, the apparition a rolled in front of him and under his a wheel, so quickly that he had no time for n thought, and turning quickly to avoid it, e was flung violently against a heap of e stones and broke his left wrist. 1 The end came on Christmas morning. d All night he had been in a fever, the bandages encircling his wrist like a band a of fire, his dreams more vivid and terrible than ever. In the cold, colourless uncer h tain light that came before the sunrise, d he sat up in his bed, and saw the head n upon the bracket in the place of the .s bronze jar that had stood there over e night. r " I know that is a bronze jar,";he said, e with a chill doubt at his heart. Presently 3 the doubt was irrestistible. He got out n of bed, slowly, shivering, and advanced il to theijar with his hand raised. Surely he would see now his imagination had I- deceived him, recognise the distinctive e sheen of bronze. At last, after an age of hesitation, his fingers came down on the y patterned cheek of the head. He with a drew them spasmodically. Thelast stage I was reached. His sense of touch had be \- trayed him. Trembling, stumbling against the bed, kicking against his shoes with his bare t feet, a dark confusion eddying round him t he groped his way to the dressing-table, took his razor from the drawer, and sat k down on the bed with this in his hand. In e the looking-glass he saw his own face, colourlese, haggard, full of the ultimate bitterness of despair. He beheld In swift succession the incidents in the brief tale of his ex perience. His wretched home, his still more wretched school-days, the years of vicious life he had led since then, one act of selfish dishonour leading to another; it was all clear and pitiless now, all its squalid folly, in the cold light of the dawn. He came to the hut, to the fight with the Porroh man, to the retreat down the river to Sulyma, to the Mendi assassin andti his red parcel, to his frantic endeavours to destroy the head, to the growth of his Shallucenatioo! He knew it was an halliculation merely. For a moment he snatched at hope. He looked away from the glass and on the bracket,the inverted head grinned and grimaced at him. . . 1 With tlhe stiff fingers of his bandaged hand he felt at his neck for the throb of his arteries. The morning was very cold, the steel blade felt like ice. (TIE END.) S While in Chicago, Mr Charles L. Kahler, a prominent shoe merchant of Des Moines, Iowa, had quite a serious time of it. He took such a severe cold Sthat he could hardly take or navigate, but the prompt use of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cured him of his cold so quickly that others at the hotel who had bad colds followed his example and a half a dozen persons ordered it from the nearest drug store. They were pro fuse in their thanks to MIr Kahler for telling them how to cure a bad cold so quickly. For sale by all dealers. HATTON AND LAWS, General Agents. 