THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM. [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE," " KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE,'' ETC.] CHAPTER VVIII—(Continued). That day's devotion on Bertie's part was but the fac-simile of the next and the next. The third was Friday—the Friday preceding the wedding, and on that day Captain Owenson dispatched his son-in-law-elect to New York on an important mission—no less, indeed, than the inspection of the old sailor's wedding-suit; and his own. For, upon mature deliberation, it had been decided that the tailors of Wyckcliffe, sufficiently skilled artists at ordinary times, were not to be trusted upon the present important occasion. The sombre regulation costume must be got in the metropolis, and Bertie must be upon the spot to see that no mistake was made. There were other commissions also to fulfil for the ladies—he would probably be detained until Monday night. ''And upon my return, sir,'' said Bertie, '' with your permission, I will take up my quarters at the Wyckcliffe Hotel until Thursday morning. In the usual course of things, the bridegroom doesn't generally exist and have his being under the same roof with the bride. It will be more strictly en regle, believe me, if I hang out at the hotel.'' 'Oh! — pooh! nonsense! fiddle-dee-dee !'' said Captain Owenson. ''All right, sir— as you please. I merely mentioned the fact. I know it's the thing in England, but of course you know best. It doesn't matter to me,'' upliftedly responded Mr. Vaughan. The mention of England brought down the Captain, as Bertie know it would. ''Stay ! Look here ! Wait a minute ! It's so long since I've had anything to do with weddings that I've forgotten. Will it really be more in accord- ance with well-bred British customs if you go to the hotel ? It looks like tom-foolery to me.'' ''It's the thing, depend upon it,'' answered Bertie, calmly. ''If I consulted my own inclinations, I would stay hee, of course, near Sydney. But I never heard of such a thing before, as bride and bridegroom starting for church out of the same house. It it be an American custom, however, and if you wish it, I bow, of course,'' says Bertie, with a graceful inclination, ''to your superior wisdom.'' ''That will do,'' growls the captain — he hated American customs. '' Let it be as you say. Stop at tho hotel when you come back. Will it be a solecism of English wedding good manners, may I ask, for you to favour us with an occasional call during those intervening two days ?' concludes the captain, sarcastically. ''I shall spend my days and evenings here, sir,'' answered Bertie, repressing a strong in clination to laugh, ''returning to the hotel to sleep, So this nice point of bridal etiquette was settled, and Mr. Vaughan started for New York. A haunting fear that Dolly would turn up, those last two days, and seek him out at the Owenson Place, had underlain the hotel project. If she did come— he groaned mentally as he thought of it — and visited him at the hotel, less harm would be done. In some way— in what way he did not know, but some way — he would quiet her, and keep her out of harm's way until the ring was on Sydney's finger. Then let her do her worst. And yet, poor littlo Dolly ! how fond he had been of her, too ! He reached the great city, spent three days and a great deal of money very agreeably. A strong, almost irresistible desire to hunt up Dolly possessed him. He was never happier than when with Dolly — she suited him, as novels put it, ''to the finest fibre of his being.'' But it would not do ; if she once set eyes on him in New York, an inward con- viction told him she would never let him go. Who was to tell that she might not get a gang of east side brigands to carry him off captive to the deepest dungeon in the Bowery, and, willy-nilly, make him her husband ? Some vague thoughts like these actually went through Bertie's brain. No; it would not do ; he must not go to see Dolly; he must never see Dolly while he lived. In spite of Sydney's real estate and bank stock, it was a dis- mal thought, and he sighed profoundly. After all, it was a pity Dolly wasn't rich, or a great actress. He was fond of her— there was no getting over that. Monday morning came. The week ''big with fate'' had arrived. He took the cars, his business satisfactorily completed, and started for home. It was only a few hours ride to Wyckcliffe. As he took his seat and unfolded the morning's damp paper, he was thinking that the crisis in his life had come. How would he feel this time next Monday morning ? Would he be sitting by Sydney's side somewhere on their bridal journey, her lawful owner and possessor, or would Dolly turn up and make a grand theatrical tableau in the church — and would ruin, and poverty, and disgrace be his portion for life ? He could not read. Again and again he tried ; again and again he failed. He gave it up at last, and sat staring out of the wintry picture flitting by. It was like a day cut in steel— clear, windless, sunless, cold, The sky was pale-grey, the earth frozen hard, ringing like glass at every sound. The trees stood up, tracing their black; sharp out lines against the keen air. A snow -storm was pending — would it storm on the wedding-day ? ''Dolly! Dolly !'' She haunted him like an importunate ghost. Her face was before him, her voice in his ears. ''Remember !''— what had she meant by that ? He had laughed then ; it was no laughing matter now. Oh! It meant that he was to be with her on Wednesday night. He had said he would, if the captain did not die. Die? He looked of late as though he would never die, as if he had renewed his lease of life. Remomber ! How ominous a gleam there had been in her black eyes as she said it. Black-eyed women are always edge tools to play with. Why had she ever come to Wyckcliffe ? Why had he ever gone to that infernal little theatre ? What would she do on Wednesday night when he did not come ? ''Would she even wait as long as Wednesday night ? It was only a comparatively brief ride to Wyckcliffe, and trains were running all the time. She was not a girl to stick at a trifle, and she had told him she would not give him up. The wedding-hour was eleven. If she took the cars on Wednesday night in New York, there would be ample time to got to church in season to—-- He broke off with a pang of absolute physical agony. He could see it all, that horrible, sickening scene. Sydney fainting, the guests standing horror- stricken, the old captain, his friend, his benefactor, livid with rage, Dolly, a black-eyed Nemesis, wild and dishevelled, in their midst, her back hair down, displaying her proofs before them all, pointing the finger of retribution at him, and reading his letters aloud, Those fatal letters ! Spooney beyond all ordinary depths of spooneyism, and he— he stand- ing pallid with guilt, his knees knocking together, paralysed, stricken dumb, sheepish. He set his teeth ! No ! If it came to that, there should be a tragic ending that would take off the edge of the sheepishness at least. He would pro- vide himself with a pistol, lead it, carry it in his breast-pocket, and when the awful moment came, he would thrust in his hand, draw it forth, cry ''Woman— fiend ! behold your work !'' and pull the trigger. There would be a flash, a report, the wild shrieks of many women, and he would fall head- long at his bride's feet— dead ! ''Wyckcliffe!'' shouted the conductor, putting in his head. From his tragical reverie Mr. Vaughan sprang to his legs, seized his luggage, and got out of the car. There were many he knew at the depot, but no one from Owenson Place, of course. He took a hack, drove to the hotel, made some change in his toilet, jumped into his hack once more and was driven to Owenson Place in time for lunch- eon and to give an account of his stewardship. Nothing had happened— bright looks and cordial greetings met him everywhere. The captain wrung his hand as, though he had been away a year or so. Sydney naturally blushed and looked shyly glad to see him. Aunt Char kissed his moustache, and Miss Hendrick gave him one slim, dusk hand, the old quizzical, satirical look in her ebon eyes. ''How do I hate that girl !'' he said, petulantly, to Sydney, then minutes later, when they were alone. ''Bertieo!'' Sydney cried, in a shocked tone ; ''hate Cyrllla! You don't mean that ?'' "Yes, I do--hate her as I do the------'' 'Bertie !'' ''Well, I won't, then ; but I detested her from the first moment I set eyes on her. After you're married, Mrs. Vaughan, I promise you she shall not wear herself out visiting us. Now, don't put on that horrified face, sis. You've known well enough I didn't like her all along.'' ''But why ?'' persisted Miss Owenson. ''I think she's lovely. Why don't you like her ? She's never done anything to you.'' ''Oh, no, of course not, and wouldn't, either, if she got a chance !'' says Bertie, sarcastically. ''Why don't you like a toad or a snake when you meet one ? A little green snake is pretty to look at, and never did anyone any harm. Why do we take antipathies to people at sight ? ''I do not like you Doctor Fell; The reason why I cannot tell,' ''I feel like Doctor Fell toward her, I could see her bow-strung and cast into the Bosphorus in a sack by two of my blackest Nubians, with all the pleasure in life !'' Then there is silence— horrified on Sydney's part, ruminative on Mr. Vaughan's. ''And, so everything's lovely, Syd ?'' he says, after a moment. ''Nothing's happened? 'The feast is set, the guests are met,' all correct and duly ?' 'What could happen ?'' asks Sydney, gaily. ''Of course everything is correct. Except the weather,'' adds the bride-elect, glancing appre- hensively out of the window ; ''that's cold and miserable enough even for the last week of November. By the by, it's a dismay month to be married in, Bertie.'' ''Is it ? But there will be so much sunshine in our hearts that we will never see the weather. You didn't think I was so poetical, Sis, did you ? Honestly, though, if we are married on Thursday morning, I'll do my best to behave myself and make you happy.'' It is about the nearest approach to a tender speech this ardent bridegroom has ever got, and Sydney laughs at it, but with a little tremble in her voice. ''If we are married !' What an odd thing to say, Bertie !'' ''Oh ! well, one never knows— one may die any day. ' In the midst of life we are in death,' and all that. One is never certain of anything in this most uncertain world.'' She looks at him in wonder as he makes this cheerful and bridegroom-like speech. He is lying back in an easy chair, his legs outstretched, a hand thrust in each trouser pocket, a dismal , look on his face that suits his dismal words. He is thinking of Dolly. ''Would you care much, Syd,'' he goes on, looking out of the window at the dreary greyness of the dull day, not at her wondering face, ''if you lost me ? You're not in love with me, I know —no more am''— ''I with you'' is on his lips, and he barely catches it in time — ''no more do I expect it just yet ; but we've been jolly good friends and comrades all our lives— quite like brother and sister ; and — would you be sorry if anything happened, Syd ?'' She comes close to him, laying a timid hand on his shoulder, and looking down at his moody face. ''I don't know what you mean, Bertie. If anything happened to stop our marriage, is it ?'' ''Yes. It's only a suppositional case, of course, but would you ?'' ''You know I would,'' she answers. 'I— I am not in love with you, as you say ; but indeed, Bertie, I do mean to be a loving wife, and make you happy. I would be dreadfully sorry if any thing happened to break off our marriage now. I really believe papa would die of the disappoint- ment.'' ''Always papa!'' He sits erect hastily, for just at that moment enters Miss Hendrick, and all the softer sentiments take unto themselves wings and fly at sight of her deriding black eyes. (To be continued.) 