CHAPTER IX. ' What has befallen your fidus Achates, Marion ? I never saw any one so changed in my life.' The ladies were sitting at luncheon to- gether in 25 Halkin Street, one day at the end of the first week in June. Marion, fresh from her foreign travels, was looking radiantly well, and last night the Challengers had celebrated their return to their London home by a little festive dinner-party to their most intimate friends. ' Do you really think him changed ?' said Mrs. Challenger, thoughtfully, in answer to Florence Stourton's remark, as she nibbled a slender radish with her strong little teeth. ' Do you know, I myself certainly did think that he seemed a little bit depressed.' ' Depressed ! A perfect death's-head at a feast ! Banquo's ghost was a rollicking jester compared to him. Why, he hardly, spoke a word all dinner- time. And yet Mr. Bryant is usually one of the best of talkers.' ' It is odd, certainly,' mused Mrs. Chal- lenger, who had been secretly marvelling over this very subject the whole morning. ' I have seen him several times since we came home, and each time I have fancied the same thing. Last night he was as lugubrious as a mute at a funeral the whole evening. I have been wondering what can be the mat- ter with him. He told Tom he had never been so busy in his life, so it can't be money and I noticed last night that he ate a very good dinner, and that he asked for the quails a la Provencale a second time, so it can't be his liver.' ' It is a woman !' cried Mrs. Stourton, with decision : ' I know the symptoms ! De- pend upon it, it is a woman, my dear !' And doubtless the fair widow, who was not at all unaware of her dearest friend's little weak- nesses, made the suggestion with all that zest and relish which so often actuate the little stabs given us by those who know us best. ' What nonsense !' answered Marion, frowning quite crossly. ' It shows how very little you know about Valentine Bry- ant ! Really, some people are never quite happy unless they are scenting a scandal.' ' Oh, a scandal, Marion ! that is a strong word. Poor dear Mr. Bryant, I don't of course pretend to know him as well as you do, dearest, but Heaven forbid that I should accuse him of anything scandalous ! No, I only think it is very likely—to put it in plain language—that he may be in love.' ' In love !' repeated Marion, scornfully, but very irritably. ' How little, as you ad- mit, you know him ! Does a man look black or savage when he is in love, pray ?' ' Yes, certainly, if his love has been unsuc- cessful. Mr. Bryant, to my fancy, has all the aspect of a rejected lover.' Marion Challenger did not like these re- marks at all. She was really barely civil to her dear friend during the remainder of her visit, and for the first time for many years she was positively glad to see the back of the hansom that carried Mrs. Stourton away to keep an early appointment at her dress- maker's. ' Florence Stourton grows positively spite- ful as she gets older,' said Mrs. Challenger to herself as she tied the strings of her gold and green bonnet underneath her plump little chin before the glass a few minutes later ' The fact is, she envies me the friendship of such a man as Valentine. A woman, indeed ! As if a woman could come into his life and I know nothing about it ! However——' She nodded her head with determination, and the sentence re- mained unfinished save in the recesses of her innermost thoughts. Not long afterwards Mrs. Challenger, leaning back in her well-turned-out victoria, was being carried quickly in a northeasterly direction. On the seat beside her reposed a small square deal box with a large foreign- looking label upon its upper surface. The safety of this case seemed to cause her some anxiety, for she steadied it carefully with her hands, preserving it thus from all jolts and jars, during the whole of her long drive to Lincoln's Inn Fields. ' Mr. Bryant at home, Peters ?' ' No, ma'am, Mr. Bryant is at the Courts. I hope I see you well, ma'am, after your furrin tour ? and Mr. Challenger is, I hope, well also ?' added Peters, smilingly, for Mrs. Challenger was an old friend. ' I am quite well, thanks, and so is Mr. Challenger. I am sorry Mr. Bryant is out ; but I suppose I may go into his room all the same ?' ' Oh, dear, yes, ma'am.' And Peters threw the intervening doors wide open with ready welcome. ' Let me relieve you of that box, ma'am.' ' No, I daren't let it out of my hands. It is some Venetian glass, Peters, which I have brought all the way from Venice as a present to Mr. Bryant. To tell you the truth, I am almost glad that he is out, for I want to un- pack it and arrange it myself in his room. I know exactly where it is to go, in that right hand corner cabinet, and I want to put it in the place I mean it to fill.' She set the case carefully down upon the table, and began to unfasten the string. Peters offered his assistance. ' If you will just help me to lift off the top, and get me a soft duster, I can manage perfectly well,' said the energetic little lady, as she took off her delicate pearl-gray gloves and adjusted herself to her task. But Peters, of course, hung attentively by, as perhaps she intended him to do. The glass, which was of the most fragile de- scription, had been swathed in multifarious wrappings of cotton-wool and tissue-paper, and finally embedded in nests of hay. Peters helped her to extricate the specimens from their envelopings, and cleared away what he called ' the mess ;' and as each object emerged, ruby, amber, or opal in color, and graceful or quaint in form and finish, he gave utterance to expressions of wonder and admiration. The unpacking and the dusting and finally the settling up of all these lovely cups, and goblets, and vases, in the places which seemed most eminently suited to them, was necessarily a work of some time, and the best part of an hour slipped happily away before Marion had completed her labours, and it was only when she was once more drawing on her peau de Suede gloves that she ven- tured upon a few tentative observations : ' Mr. Bryant is not looking at all well, Peters.' ' No, ma'am.' There was absolutely no emphasis in the words : Peters neither queried nor assented. ' It seems to me that he looks not so much ill as worried,' continued the lady. ' Yes, ma'am,' replied Peters, with the same irritating impassibility. ' Do you think there is anything amiss with him ?' persisted Mrs. Challenger, this time in a distinctly questioning tone. The old man shook his head and looked down. ' Impossible to say, ma'am,' was the only answer she was able to extract. Then Mrs. Challenger took a different line. She began by softening his heart in a material but perfectly simple manner, and then she spoke anew : ' I do not ask firm idle curiosity, as you know, Peters. I am a very old friend of Mr. Bryant's and I can't bear to see him sitting silent and looking wretched. People who were at my house last night remarked upon the alteration in him. If he is not well, he ought to see a doctor, and Mr. Chal- lenger would do his best to persuade him to go to one. It is my belief he is over- worked.' ' No, ma'am, it's not that.' And Peters, who was by no means insensible to her at- tentions, became suddenly mysteriously com- municative. It's not his work, ma'am ; it's this marriage that is preying upon his mind.' ' Marriage ? whose marriage ?' she re- peated, blankly. ' Wy, Mr. Bryant's, of course, ma'am,' cried Peters, waxing more and more con- fidential. ' Ah, it's a strange business, and I never have made out the rights of it !' con- tinued the old man, shaking his head, ' but my poor master has been an altered man ever since that day.' Even then Mrs. Challenger could not understand. She sank feebly down into a chair, a little pale and breathless. ' I don't follow you, Peters. I can't think what you are talking about. What is the matter you are speaking of ? Is it old Mr. Bryant who has married again ? why, he must be seventy at least !' ' I wish it were his father, Mrs Chal- lenger, that I do ! That would be a trifle as compared to to this ! but its himself as 'as gone and got married all of a sudden, with no preparation, or nothing to make it right and natural.' ' Your master is married !' she gasped. ' Oh, but you roust be joking, Peters ! He would have told me ! It is impossible ! it can't be true !' And poor Marion wrung her hands helplessly in great distress. ' Its gospel truth, Mrs. Challenger,' solemnly asseverated the old man, who, now that his lips were opened, seemed to find it a relief to unburden his mind to her ; ' I only wish it wasn't true.' ' But when—when did this terrible thing happen ?' ' The day that he was actually married, ma'am, that I could not tell you ; I only know that one night the lady came to see him quite late ; of course I do not know who she was, and he seemed much annoyed at her being here : however, I left them together, and they had luncheon together the next day quite friendly like, and then there came an elderly gentleman, very angry and abusive, who insisted on coming in, and there was a quarrel between them, ma'am, which makes me think it was a sort of a runaway affair, and that it was her father come to look after her. He went away at last, and then the lady went too. But about three days after- wards Mr. Bryant brought the same lady here, and as he came in at the door he turns round to me and says, ' Peters, this lady is my wife.' You could have knocked me down with a feather, ma'am ; you could in- deed !' Mrs. Challenger looked as if it would have taken very much less than a feather to knock her down. ' Get me a glass of sherry, please,' she said, faintly, and for a moment the room went round and round with her. After which she began to wish with feminine intensity, and from the bottom of her heart, that she had not unpacked all those lovely glass goblets and set them up in the Chippendale cup- boards of this monster of ingratitude and duplicity. ' Where is she ?' she gasped, when she had gulped down the sherry. ' I don't know, ma'am. She has never been her since.' ' Then—then I suppose Mr. Bryant does not live here now ?' ' Yes, ma'am, just the same exactly.' ' But—but surely—he lives with his wife, doesn't he ?' ' No, ma'am ; he lives here just the same.' ' But this is extraordinary ! Is he not go- ing to leave these chambers ?' ' Not that I know of. He has not said anything about leaving them.' Marion Challenger drove away from Lincoln's Inn Fields with a perfect tempest of conflicting emotions tearing at her heart. For some time blind anger dominated all the rest. ' I will never believe in man again !' she said to herself, furiously, as she settled her self back against the cushions of her victoria. (To be Continued.) Doolan : ' Fitzgerald says he's discinded from some of the greatest houses in Ireland.' Mulachy : ' Musha ! So he did manys the toime—on a laddher !' ' Children, I hope you peeled the apples before eating them ?' ' Yes, mother dear.' ' What have you done with the peelings ?' ' Oh, we ate them after !' He—What proof have I that you really love me ? She - Proof ! Did I not dance with you at the county ball ? He—Yes, but I don't consider that any proof of affection. She—You would if you knew how badly you dance. Tramp (at dentist's shop)—I'd like my teeth stopped. Dentist—What with—Gold or silver ? Tramp (eagerly)—Oh, just plain bread will do. Lady Customer (in china shop)—Do you break these sets ? Dealer—No, madam ; the purchasers' ser- vants usually attend to that. Magistrate (severely)—You are charged with kissing this young lady against her will and on the public highway. Prisoner—She was in a bicycle cos- tume, and I mistook her for my long-lost brother. Magistrate (briskly)—Discharged Call the next case. Professor (to a young lady student)—Your marks are very few, and you have only just passed. Young Lady—Oh, I am so glad ! Professor (surprised) —Why ? Young Lady—I do so love a tight squeeze. 