Jfafciiaiton. WHITSUNTIDE AND TBINITY SUNDAY. Revelation had not come to an end, or the Eternal God been fully declared, with the incarnation of Jesus Christ. When the Son had gone up on high, and men were asking themselves who was now to guide them into truth, how in His absence were they to grow into His like ness, to obey and serve as He set them the example, to make them selves meet for the inheritance which He had' promised — once more the heavens were opened, and with the descent of the Comforter the JJivme group was complete, and the entire uodheact revealed. What more could earth desire or heaven bestow? Each Person in the Blessed Trinity had been declared in turn, and as each had been shown the revelation had come nearer and brought God nearer to us. The Father had sent His Son in the likeness of man, and now the Son sends the Spirit to make men again in the likeness of God. The doctrine of the Trinity, rightly understood, is the foundation of all practical piety and truth in the inward parts. The dispensation of the Father, what was it but a witness to men that goodness and mercy and truth and purity and love are not dreams of a heated imagination, sentiments of an exalted philosophy, maxims of an overstrained benevolence, but eternal principles regnant in the mind and will of One whom we are bound to obey ? In the dispensation of the Son we have brought to light an actual human life corresponding to these principles, fulfilling before our eyes in our own flesh all that we had heard or understood of holiness and love at its highest, showing us at every turn how this life of ours on earth may be made a life in heaven. But of what avail would all this have been to . us if the dispensation of the Spirit had not been added for our comfort, to put that divine life into our souls, to transfer to these slow hearts and carnal minds of ours the mind and power of our Saviour, to lift us out of the sensuality and selfishness in which we are sunk, and to make His 'resurrection and ascension spiritual facts in our own lives ? We live under the third and highest dispensation. There is nothing now to be added to the revelation of the Godhead; all the Three Persons have been declared, and it is Christ in us who is our hope of glory. But the latest revelation, while it consummates the rest, is not meant to supersede them. It is the things of the Son, not His own things, that the Spirit shows, and He shows them that we may know that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Those who believe in that gift, and are using it and walking in it, are taking the right road to life eternal, which is the knowledge of the ttue God and Jesus Christ whom He has sent. Those who are living in neglect of that holy gift are not merely grieving the Spirit of all grace — they are cutting themselves off from the life of Jesus and from the forgiveness and favour of God ; for there is no fellowship with the first Two Persons of the Trinity, except by the fellowship of the Third, and you can only have the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the Love of God in the Communion of the Holy Ghost. 