linrorklliiiess. By REV. H. H. SCULLARD, M.A. , They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.— John xvil. 16. So Jesus describes his disciples. He1 speaks of them as of men who have been born again; whose life is no longer de-' pendent upon the temporal order and ' outward fashion of tills world, but draws i its support, Its vital energies, Its in- 'spirations from an unseen, changeless," ! and eternal order. Out of the countless i numbers of those who wereliving wftn no better hope than the prophecies of ah worldly heart and no higher aim thajgp the satisfaction of mere natural instinct Jesus had selected a few to form ihei' nucleus of a new society, and was abouF' to fill them with the energies and hopes' ? .t'ie heavenly life, to make them ther citizens of another world, the conquerors' of this, the visible illustrations of th« reality and power of the supernatural!. "They are not of the world, even a,? I am not of the world." That iS how Jesus delights to think of them lig the presence of His Father. That is Hif tender, gracious description of them-®-? "Not of the world, even as I am not o £/ the world." / I wonder how many there are any/' us to whom these wonderful \\\gf\ \ Christ's appeal, who greet thisySf. r tion of a higher world with dp»»or«> this association with Christ/turali of great price for which tig that Isi to surrender everything/y can lay, reputation, ease, all trnatural gift? and debasing, all, iind a heavenly! natural and right/ffe joy of thelri. hold of this suns, depend upon »t> of a heavenly not yet come, ltd life, and enf; when the unsubstan-jj Lord. A Iwg character of the worlaj1 that if Fe of mere natural instince) will ony" regulated prudential prlrvv tial./fi disclose itself, and the sad/ ty/words fall upon our ears, "Verily1, unto you, ye have your reward, i, Ja Vi n vnilV vWflVd.' IS vll3.t &H; fll eJfell, sad though the thanksgiving be, let us thank God. There is no InJustlcj with Him. God is good to all, and His tender mercies are over all His worlwi "Ye have your reward. But who wlt« one spark of the immortal fire still burn.-? ing in his breast, with one rayof hope with one throb of life, can gladly acq,uU esce in tbat sacrifice of the future to tha present, iu that limitation of the scopri i.nd destiny of an immortal beinE\ through a cowardly, self-indulgent soi zure of the things of time and sense God forbid that any of us should be 6® THE RELIGION OF THE INCAR NATION. I Religion within the limits of natural reason appears to meto be still >n part the religion of Christendom, of thtf vast majority of those who are name® by the sacred name. Men m wnom lu«j spirit of the cross ought to be burning! at white heat calmly tell us 1 by thritj lives, if not by their words, that v e uiajj ignore one Important element in tha, message of the Incarnation, and, refus-. ing to fashion our lives according t<j the principles of Jesus, we may couten j ourselves with such a summary of bR v . AAnt olnpti 1n the DfO«y phecies of Mieah: "What doth the Lord reauire of thee, but to do justly, lova mercy and walk humbly with God?" Why, then, did Jesus come « arcipTeeno£r' "al. life. If the secret had been suffi-j i,Pfnrey He came? Beautiful and wel-J come as the truth in which dates it is not the same as Jesus em bodied in His life, and d'ed ,rt0 the hearts of His disciples, t o do just, lv love mercy, and walk humbly wlthi, our God is ay'beautiful expos tior , of «; godly life within the limits of .hat frequently called Natural Religion. Jew| Moslem, and Unitarians of all kin 9k mav accept it as a concise statement on human dutv! but it is not the statement of duty which fell from the lips of Jesus| and created the cm nsuan thing1 msetinctivelynchristian n It je- cial revelation of Hoiy Ghost Tne mm i which Micah opposed to the cor wmcn i«. often, ruptions of a priesuy ruie, , deTciffor1 keeping lif®maae ,ycba lower level, and the high sacrificial char- acter of the Christian calling is de graded to a place below that of the e TOE'OT OFSt5MMORTAI, HOPB-' The other day I was speaking wlthoun geTiAl Archbishop, and he replied 1 aw address delivered many years aBO by art k aura«®L heavenly life, the immoria. in - lfke a bird within man's heart, flapj ping to wings against theharsof tfid mortal cage that encased it Ands, TO/ Immortal essence wch came from God and goes to God, and [?] world, tlie kingdom of righteousness and joy and peace, and sings and sings again. . Ah, brethren. If those walls ware only crumbling a little faster; if that en\e- lope of selfish design and worldly care and carnal ambition were only tailing fast away, so -that the soul might see . the eternal kingdom of its Lord, its own inheritance amongst the saints in light, we should "feel like singing all the day." Welcome, every trial which shatters one unworthy ambition, every loss which reminds us of the transitori- ness of earthly things, every humilia tion which strikes at the root of pride, every Christlike act which takes us out of self, every participation, _ however small, in the reproach of Christ; for it is these things that are breaking down the walls and letting in the light, and allowing the soul to take a wider out look over the plains of heaven. Faith, Hope, Love. These three are the cardinal virtues of the Christian life, and demand nothing less than the reli gion of the "Cross for their development. Faith demands nothing less than the re- ligion of absolute self-surrender to en able it to lay hold with the assurance of perfect conviction upon God. Those who have given up nothing to God have ' only a vague feeling after God, not the joyous, triumphant assurance of His presence. Men whose lives are one un ceasing round of business and pleasure, whose aim is simply to get on and leave their substance to their babes, who dare nothing, forsake nothing, surrender \- nothing to Christ as Lord, lose their hold upon the living God, find prayer a burden, and every call which comes ' 'through the lips of His ministers from the risen Saviour a depressing voice and a burdensome imposition. Abraham leaving his idolatrous home by the Eu phrates, and journeying forth he knew ' "not whither under the impulse of a liv ing faith; Abraham willing on the mount to offer up the child of promise through whom was to come the fulfil ment of his ambition, is the father of the faithful. That faith, though not the . same In character, range, and depth, is iyet-a type and true reflection of the per fected faith .of the cross, of absolute ' surrender to the will of God, and while v oneho'pe, one longing for worldly pros-, lerity for yourselves or children stands the way of a complete submission to ' will'- of God, you are not. the chll- Ttnt Abraham and heirs together croso of the promise. The spirit of was eon is- Jike the spirit of the in the fcuder.its influence Abraham, and he saVi look forward and rejoice ercise of th<see the day of Christ, . Christ, a shaivwas glad. In the ex- though in a low .'he was a type of \- lustration was yet e spirit of Jesus, of God; who became the. perfect 11- and humbled Himseli In' the Christ the world's salvation, 'rvant of all cross means more to us tileath for Abraham; it means the sacr. of the and all its lower instincts, oflid to success and -the praise of men, life' spiritual regeneration of the worldy lActnfr /if nllK lltrnn 4-V. n i- uvvra LIlCL L we lliSLy Jl. them unto life eternal. That is the cab of the cross to us the disciples of Christ. "VVe are not of the world, even as Jesus. was not of . the world., but must de vote ourselves unreservedly to the in terests of His kingdom, sacrificing every pleasure, pursuit and gain which does not contribute to the welfare of the race. Will we have done that we are not truly His disciples, fdr we have not left all to follow Him. He cannot make us kings and priests unto God His Father. We shall be shut out from the joys of \- the heavenly kingdom. Faith can only have its perfect work when it leads us to die with Christ on the cross and rise to the glory of the resurrection life. Hope, too, demands for its exercise the religion of the cross— that cross by which the world - Is crucified unto us and we unto the world. The most start- jiiig 4uua in . Jiuma.ii experience is just this: that Christian hope shines most brightly in the most depressing' surroundings. Just In proportion as a tman, for the sake of Christ, becomes in volved in hopeless difficulties, in neces sities and sufferings and failures and re proaches, in that proportion does hope burn brightly and become the joy of his heart. When all around is beautiful and fair, and a man makes these things simply the ministers of his own com fort, the Christian hope dies down. But let a man surrender \\-them at the call of Christ, he becomes at once a spiritual force by the quickening of a new hope and the joy of a larger, brighter, outlook' for the world. And what shall we say \- of Love? That, more obviously even than faith or hope, demands the renun- ciation of' self. Love is in its very na- . lure the abandonment of self, and nan only be perfected in the religion of the cross. There is nopowerthat can take us ajui.oi sen ana nring us into life eternal but the power of the cross. All human affections have their uses, but one and all come short of that absolute surren- . der of self in the person loved which the cross of Christ effects, and, effecting which, creates a new love, a superna tural life. The new life is the life In Christ. If we would have that life, we must "hate" the lower. We must be crucified unto the world if we would live unto Him. . The exercise of the Christian graces of faith, hope, and love demands the religion of the cross; till we have been crucified with Christ they cannot have their perfect work. Will you not range yourself on the side of the Christ of God? Jesus came irom heaven to live and die for us, to offer to all who care to receive it the fift of eternal fellowship with Him in le glories of the heavenly world. Have you no ambition to live for Him who loved you and gave Himself for you? Ho not hesitate to accept the gift of a \- supernatural, eternal life, and your light affliction, which is but for H mfimonf I shall work out for you a far more ex ceeding and eternal weight of glory- while you look not at the- things that are seen, but at the things that are not seen, . for the things that are seen are temporal, but the things that are not \- seen are eternal. , " rA biography of "the" late'CardinalMan- . silng has at last made its appearance, . Four years after the death of one of the noblest of Catholic prelates. A notable instance of the splendid modesty of the ; man Is afforded by the disclosure of the fact that he was invited to stand for . ithe Papacy upon the death of Pius the .. iNinth. - 