A HIGHLAND GHOST STORY WHAT DID THE TERRIER SEE ? A lady correspondent signing herself ' Miss X.** sends the following extraordinary nam five to Borderiandi — 5 was staying, with a friend and a dog, in a remote island off the west coast of Scotland. The dog is a Dart moor terrier of unblemished lineage, a n excellent sportsman, and of high courage. TTp once, in defence of his mistress, fought for twenty minntes with a large retriever, and when assistance was at length obtained, and the gardeners came to the rescue, was id a state of high fury at being separated from his antagonist, in spite of the dozen wounds be had received on bead and neck, and for long after never saw a big black re i never without bristling with hope that at length the chance of retaliation bad come. In short, be is not a coward. We had walked across the island one fine August evening, and arrived about sunset at the lonely farmhouse, where we were to receive a night's hospitality. In front of the boose is a loaf? grassy slope stretching down to the aea ; at the back is a rocky plain, out of which rises abruptly a email eteep knoll, perhaps forty or fifty feet high. The dog trotted happily along till we came within a few yards of die base of this hill, when for the fiat and only time in bis life, he suddenly turned tail and fled, in very obvious terror, in1ithe direction from which we hod come. There was absolutely Dotting to account for it ; not a living thing was in sight ; and intense silence brooded over the sceoe. We pursued tbe dog and called him back, and at length be reluctantly accompanied us to our destination. We speculated as to the possible interpretation of his conduct, and as to what he could have- Been, tbe idea that he had seen something being tbe less surprising to us that, only a few days before, we had ob served bis conduct in relation to a bare rock which he refused to climb, though he Bat for some time apparently watchful of something upon it, which appeared greatly to interest him, and which seemed to be in motion, as he changed bis place or turned his head from time to time, aa if to better observe its move ments. We passed a cheerful evening. A piper was brought in to play reels and strathspeys, which were danced for our entertainment by the neighbours and farm-servants. It was as pleasant and merry a Bight as one could wish, that picturesque dance in die great stone kitchen, and the atmosphere of cordial hospi tality and sincere desire to give pleasure, so characteristic of every Highland home, soon removed tbe somewhat eerie sensation with which our visit had begun. My friend and I and the dog shared a room on the ground floor, but tired as we were with a very long walk, there was very little sleep for ns that night. The sounds in the rooms adjoining onra were abondantly sufficient to keep the weariest traveller awake, and ** dog tired ' as he was, kept even the terrier on the alert. We at first thought our .boats were guilty of very late hours, an idea which later ripened into some irritation, at the amount of noise they made so thoughtlessly in the passage and kitchen, pacing up and down and dragging heavy furniture over the bare floor, with the specially nnplfunnnf sound produced by the moving of wood over stone. As time went tired, and so much noise seemed very unne cessary. With the early dawn silence fell opoir the house, broken only by the scream of Bea-birds as they passed overhead from their borne in die r^i^1. We learnt next morning that Hie entire household slept on the upper floor, b&d; re tired to bed at an early hour, and tliat no one bad been restless during the night. We ven tured to say something, tentatively, as to tbe midnight Jiiitiirbflp'^. but were met with the suggestion that it might be some young men trying to attract the attention of the ser vants, on their way back from tbe late story telling, which is tbe great evening amusement of the islanders. We received the explana tion with politeness, but with some incredu Iity. liter, we learnt from another but very nffiaeot authority that such experiences were fay bo rn^ti* uncommon in connection with the hou»e in question, and that, though its occupants were anxious to ignore the facts, it had long 'had the reputation of being ' haunted.' Gruesome old-time, stories of wiecks in the wild bay below, of lights hung oat from those very windows to attract passing vessels on to the murderous rocks, and of horrible scenes now willingly forgotten by the descendants of their perpetrators, were held sufficient to Account for any possibilities of restless and wandering spirits. A recent visit to the same island, though not to the house, has revealed another pos wanderings in remote places, in which the finger-marks of the hand of Time have not been wiped away with the unintelligent assiduity of the average community, I have naturally become intensely interested, both as a Highlander sad something of an anti quarian, in the remains of the past work of man and nature, and one's pxrwrimpntjii knowledge, one's flair for a 'find,' develops, naturally enough, with one's educative ex periences. On my later visit to this same farm-house^I was at once struck by the rela tion of the knoll already mentioned with tbe reasons I need not now specify, that it was of artificial construction, and in all probability a burying place of some remote period. If such were the case, and I were night in my cod jecture, thtr™ should be the remains, or at least the tradition, of some of the 'stand- ing stories ' characteristic of the sites of im memorial burial places. I made many inquiries, but could hear of no one who remembered anything of die kind, till one day in the purely accidental fashion in which moot things of interest turn up, I was casually told that such stones had existed in considerable number, but had been broken up to build the house of, to save tbe trouble of hewing and Hn*pting other etooes easily obtainable but a few feet further away. Even that nninstmcted person, the writer of ' occult ' story books, could hardly fill up the picture of a more gruesome habitation than tbe bouse built of gravestones, at the foot of the burial mound oE an extinct people, wherein He die whitening bones, or it may be the cinerary urns, or die empty stone coffins. 6r the bodies bound about with brick bark, of dead men, who like their successors on the same spot, may have gained their ends in the great struggle for life by cruelty and treachery which even now, in far other dayB of week-day labour and Sabbath kirk -going, may perchance keep them far from rest and peace. Bnt who can Bay what was visible to die dear brown eyes of the little terrier? There is a pretty story about St. Colturba when about to die on another island, not far from that of which I have written. His faithful white horse, says bis biographer St. Adamnan, 'came up to die oaint and, strange to say, laid its head on bis bosom, inspired, I believe, by God to do so, as each animal is gifted with the knowledge of things according to die will of die Creator ; and knowing that its master was soon about to leave it, and that it would see him no more — began to utter plaintive cries, and like a human being to abed copious tears on toe saint's bosom, foaming and greatly wailing.. The attendant seeing this, began to drive die weeping mourner away, but die saint forbade him, saying—* Let it alone as it is so fond of me— let it pour out its bitter grief on my bosom. Lo ! thou, as thou art a man, and hast a rational eonl, canst know nothing of my departure hence except what I myself have just told you ; but to this brute beast, devoid of reason, tbe Creator TTirrmpTf hath evidently in some way made if known that its master is going to leave it' And, seeing this, the B∫ blessed the work horse, which turned away from him in sad 