THE LIFE OF JESUS CHRIST AS NARRATED IN THE OLD AMD NEW TESTAMENT. INTRODUCTION. There are many lives of CHBIST, bnt, BO far as I am aware, there ia none such as I propose to set before the readers of the " Advocate." I cannot help thinking that pions Catholics who have not the time or opportunity of investigating for themselves the sacred prophecies about CHBIBX in the Old Testament, and their complete fulfilment in the New, will be glad to see gathered into one spot these prophecies and their fulfilments; and to behold with their own eyes the wonderful correspondence between the Jewish and Christian records. Although my chief aim is to narrate the life of our SAVIOUR, I do not debar myself from dwelling on any subject which seems to me of sufficient interest and importance to cal ecial treatcase ment. point. THI histor It is a in Reflect LOBD that many of thi were so wicked! seeming, He against them on and irrevocable do ment I THE BIRTH The manner, time, a' birth are set forth. The manmr. 4 Kgs. 16. Achaz was 20 years old when he began to reign, and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem. He did not that which was pleasing in the eyes of the Lord his God, as David his father. Bat he walked in the way of the kings of Israel: moreover, he consecrated also his son, making him pass through the fire, according to the idols of the nations: whom the Lord destroyed before the children of Israel. He sacrificed also, and burnt incense in the high places and on the hills, and nnder every green tree. 2 Paral., 28. Moreover he cast statues for Baalim. Isaias 7. And it came to pass in the days of Achaz . . . that Basin, king of Syria and Phacee . . . king of Israel came up to Jerusalem, to fight against it: but they could not prevail over it. . . . And the Lord said to Isaias: Go forth to meet Achaz, thou and Jasub, thy son . . . H and thou shalt say to him: See thou be quiet: fear not, and let not thy heart be afraid of the two tails of these firebrands, smoking with the wrath of the fury of Baein, king of Syria, and of the son of Bomelia. . . . And the Lord spoke again to Achaz, saying: Ask thee a sign of the Lord, thy God, either nnto the depth of hell or nnto the height above. And Achaz said: I will not ask and I will not tempt the Lord. [There would have been no more irreverence in his accepting God's invitation than there was in his son, Ezechias, asking, at the invitation of the . same Prophet, that the shadow should go back ten degrees on the sundial. Bnt, being guilty of idolatry and sacrilege, he did not believe the Prophet, and sought to oonceal his unbelief.] And he said: Hear ye therefore Q House of David: is it a small thing for you to be grievons to men that you are grievous to my God also ? Therefore the Lord Himself shall give you a sign. Behold, a Virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and his name shall be called EMMANUEL. [We should expect the 6ign to precede the event. But Achaz, however wicked himself, must have known the sanctity of the Prophet, and this marvellous .prediction should have been a reassuring sign. Besides, Achaz having rejected God's offer, God selects a sign for us rather than for him. He selects an event so far above nature that whea the time of its accomplishment arrived, men would have had great difficulty in believing, if they had not been reading it in the Scriptures for nearly 800 years.] Probably Achaz neither understood nor believed the prophecy. God allowed him to seek his deliverance in his own way, and caused him to find it; but justly allowed him to be punished by his .deliverer. liverer. 4 Kings, 16. And Achaz sent^messengers to Theglathphalasar, king'of the Assyrians, saying : I am thy servant and thy son: come up and save me out of the hand of the king of Syria, and out of the hand of the king of Israel, who are risen up together against me. And when he had gathered together the silver and gold that could be found in the house of the Lord, and in the king's treasures, he sent it for a present to the king of the Assyrians. And he agreed to his desire: for the king of the Assyrians went up against Damascus and laid.it waste: and he carried away the inhabitants thereof, to Gyrene, but Basin, he slew. And king Achaz ?went to Damascus to meat Theglathphalasar, Ipng of the Assyrians, and when he had seen the altar of Damasousj , iing B Achaz pent to IJrias the priest a patterp of it, and its likeness according to all the work thereof. And tjrias, the Priest, built an altar according to all that king Achaz had commanded from Damascus, so did Urias, the Priest, until king Achaz came from Damascus. And when the king was come from Damascus, he saw the altar and worshippod it: and went up and offered holocausts and his own sacrifice. And offered libations and poured the blood of the peace-offerings, which he had offered on the altar. But the altar of brass that was before the Lord, he removed from the face of the temple, and from the place of the altar, and from the place of the temple of the Lord: and he set it at the side of the altar towards the north. And king Achaz commanded Urias, the Priest, saying: Upon the great altar offer the morning holocaust, and the evening sacrifice, and the king's holocaust, and his sacrifice, and the holooaust of tbe whole people of the land, and their sacrifices and their libations: and all the blood of the holocaust, and all the blood of the victim thou shalt pour out upon it: but the altar of brass shall be ready at my pleasure. So Urias the Priest did according to all that king Achaz had away the graven bases, and the laver that was upon them, and he took down the sea from the brazen oxen that held it up, and put it upon a pavement of stone. The musach also for the Sabbath which he had built in the temple; and the king's entry from without he turned into the temple of the Lord, because of the king of the Assyrians. [The musach is thought by some to have been a sort of canopy under which the king sat to witness tbe sacrifices; by others to have been a covered pulpit from which the Scriptures were read. The only thing certain is that to please the pagan king, Achaz was guilty of some new impiety. No one but a priest could lawfully offer sacrifice. Saul for having, in a moment of terrible anxiety, dared to do so, was set aside by God. This impious king seems to have sacrificed indiscriminately to the false gods of the pagans, and the true God of Israel.] 2 Paral., 24. Then Achaz having taken away all the vessels of the house of God, and broken them, shut up the doors of the temple of God, and made himself altars in all the corners of Jerusalem. V. 19 sq. For the Lord had humbled Juda because of Aohaz king of Juda, for he bad stripped it of help, andoontemned the Lord. And He brought against him Theglathphalasar, king of the Assyrians, who also afflicted him, and plundered him "without any resistance. And Aohaz stripped the house of the Lord, and the house of the kings, and of the princes, and gave gifts to the king of the Assyrians, and yet it availed him nothing. Moreover also in the time of his distress, he increased contempt against the Lord, king Achaz by himself, sacrificed victims to tbe gods of Damascus that struck him, and he said: The gods of the kings of Syria help them, and I will appease them with victims, and they will help me; whereas, on the contrary, they were the ruin of him and all Israel. [Jeroboam set up golden oalves for the unhappy ten tribes to adore; lest they might return to the house of David. But Achaz, in not only setting up, in all directions, altars to the false gods, but in positively excluding from the temple those who wanted to worship the true God, seems to have done even worse.] The venerable Alban Butler mentions a man of so prodigious a memory that he had learned the entire bible by heart. It is not too much to suppose that one so exceptionally gifted as the Blessed Virgin was. at least equally favoured; nor is there anything improbable in the supposition that, in obedience to a secret inspiration from God, she often dwelt on that wonderful prophecy of Isaias, and implored God to send this Holy Virgin, who was to be the Mother of the long expected Messias. Her humility never permitted her for a moment to suspect that she could be the Virgin. Besides the Messias v?as to be born in Bethlehem the city of David, and she was living at Nazareth, about 70 miles to the north of Bethlehem. The dwelling at Nazareth may have been designed by God to conceal from her, till the proper time, the secret of the Great King. St. Luke i. The Angel Gabriel was sent from God into a city of Galilee called Nazareth, to a virgin espoused to a man, whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the Virgin's name was Mary. And the Angel being come in, said' unto her: Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee : blessed art thou among women. Who, having heard was troubled at his saying, and thought with herself what manner of salutation this should be. And the Angel Baid to her: Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found grace with God. Behold thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and shalt bring forth a son; and thou shalt call his name^fesug. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the &osf; and the Lord God shall give unto iJiftr the throne of David, his father; and He eh&II; reign in the house of Jacob for ever. And of His kingdom there shall be no end. And Mary said to the Angel: How shall this btf done, because I knoxp hot man? And the' Ai answering, said to herThe Holy Ghost shall come npon thee, and the' power of the MoBt High shall overshadow thee : And therefore also the Holy that •hall be born of thee shall be oalled the Son of God. And behold thy cousin Elizabeth, she also hath conceived a_son in her old age; and this is tbe sixth month with her that is called barren : because no word shall be impossible with God. And Mary said: Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it done to me according to thy word. And the Angel departed from her. [It is a hebrsism to use the verb " say " or " call" for the verb to " be. Tbe Holy shall be called; i.e., shall be the son of God. When Caiphas asked our Saviour was He (CHRIST) the Son of God, He answered, according to St. Matthew (26, 64), " Thou hast said it;" and according to St. Mark (14, 62), " I am," and when Pilate aBked Him was He a King, He replied, "Thou say est that I am a King."] 