Yfiit or the Coadjutor Bishop of Gonlbnrn to Jerilderie. The Roman Catholio portion of the community wen en fgte in Jerilderie on Itaesday last, when several vehicles led by the Bev. Father Gray of this parish drove oat of the town and met the Bight Bev. Br. Gallagher, titular Bishop of Adras, and Coadjutor Bishop of Oouburn,, who was accompanied by the Bev, Father Hickey, of Oorowa, near Wonnamurrs, and conducted the party into the town. A halt was made at the Church, where more , parishioners. were presented to his Lordship,- who subsequently delivered a short address at the benediction service held in the evening. ~ This is the first time Br. -Gallagher has been in Jerilderie sinoe his elevation to the exalted position he now holds. Some seven or eight years ago he delivered a leoture there by which he is Temembered as a historian of deep research and dispassionate judgment. Bather under the middle height, liis Lordship is sturdy and strong to all appearance, and his genial smile - inspires a liking and confidence, .whilst, the massive hetd and keen grey eyes denote not only the mind to conceive great thoughts but also the force of will to impart the earnestness of his convictions to others. These were the qualifications that enabled him to-, achieve such brilliant euccess as Fnsident of St. Fatriek'e • College, Qoulburn, over whioh he presided for 10 or 12 yesrs, during-which time. the. Jnstitution aent out scholars ' who have made its name famous u all the grsat profsssions. A aot less noticeable feature in his oharacter is his indomitable energy, rare ttonumentewf which stand out in «ery puish:toat-Jb^^ honored by being plsieed under his charge. But hard work and austere living have left their mark and it if easily perceived that his 49 yean have not-pr«<ird too lightly. Hii own icbola*ticcareer;was very^distinguished, being a : -dux oFV<blasi of 80 itndents'in"' Theology, Science^ French, History and the daisies. ".r-i:-. Br. Gallagher is the fiiit Australian Catholic Bishop in whose person the principle of election by the fclergjr"was brought into operation. Hitherto bishops have been appointed by the Fope on life advice " of the metropolitan aud his suffragan ^Bishops. In 1894 a great Council of Priestj waa-held at Goulburn for the purpose of -nominating a Coadjutor to the aged pretate who had reigned over , the See since'its "creation 28 years before. . A large majority of the votes were given to .Br,.Gallagheraad three names were submitted to the Vatican when the Fope was pleased to confirm - the -choice of the priestB of the Biooesa'and his Lordship was consecrated on the 7th|1895. . On Wednesday he examined the candidates for confirmation and was delighted with the unhesitatingly correct answers returned, only / 6 of the 43 children being rejected and some of these on the score of their .being too young. He also made a.cursory examination of the School which ie under the direction of Miss 31, Croriio, "and freely testified to this lady's exceptions! faculty for imparting^lmowledge. sacred 'and secular. Not a flaw' was to bo found in the Christian Boctrine of "the 27 pupils she presented for examination, all of whom were, confirmed. Miss Cronin is held in high esteem in Jerilderieinotwithstanding which approval from an authority, so prenaDently capable of judging is extremely gratifying. • Eleven o'clock Mats was celebrated on Thursday by the Bev. Father Gray, the little church being crowded to excess. The children to be confirmed were ranged on each side of the allar, Hot the least pleasing feature of the pcoasion were the little girls who were accommodated on the gospel side, of the altar, clad in pure white with long veils fastened with a wreath or crown to the top of the ht>ad and falling in graceful folds to their feet. The Bisbop preached for nearly an hour exhorting to hiB -hearers to act. in all cases in .the broadminded spirit of Christianity: with an unsurpnscable flow of eloquence," never hesitating for-a word nor using a phrase which would puzzle his youthful listeners. From his inexhaustible knowledge of literature he illustrated his own meaning by quotations from the. world's msater minds, from the Apostles down to " That man who possessed a wonderful intignt into human character "—Lord Byron. The music was worthy of the time. On the congregation being seated the Choir sang " Veni Creator Spiritus " (Come Holy Ghost) and preparatory lo the beginning of the Mass, Mr James Brierley 6ang Bodney'B "Culvary" to his own nccompaniment. As tlie fine voice rang out and filled every corner of the building with exquisite sacred meKidr all felt the Appropriateness of the introduction of tlm Greut. Sncrifice. The •'Maestro" was l>e.ir.1 to still greater advantage. When, at Ibe Offertory (lo the accompaniment of Mr« J. A. T. Bochfort) he sang Border's 1*0 fialutarii" (O saving Host) in a manner that was a -revelation to thos: present. Immediately , after the Elevation, Jiuet Ecoe Faais Angelorum (EDlner) "(Behold this Bread of Angels),was rendered by Mrs Bochfort and Mr Biierley. It was feared lhat owing to-an; attack of acute rheumatism this lady would be unable to attend, but tjiere was no notioeable want of power in the sweet mezzo-iopraao as it .took -up the first solo nor when in the concerted parts it blended with' ' the great baritone. Mrs Feroy Biggins, acting as accompanist, at the end of Mass the .choir sang. the hymn ••iFuithof Our Father's ."-4he last solo "He was despised" from Handel's Messiah was -rendered by Mi Brierley: The choir, under the able leadership of Mrs Bochfort, sang BaSman's Mass, .Mrs. Higgins presiding at the organ. The heartiest thanks of all ooncerned are due to Un Higgins, who came all the way from Narandera, and Mr Brierley, who rode from Berrigan, to assistthe choir. Immediately preceding the Confirmation an address rfrom the parishioners was read and presented to the Bishoj). His Lordship in responding made the only statement to wh.ch exception could be reasonably taken when he referred to his elevation to the episcopacy as simply a matter of seniority. No, my Lord! with all respect, however worthy of commendation yourBrotber Priests may be ;no one who knows you|hesitates to say_ that the fathers 'and the Holy See in their wisdom have covered with, the mitre the most capable head! Buring hie stay in Jerilderie Br. Gallagher was the.guest of Mr and Mrs Bochfort. He left on Friday morning for Urana. 