The Council and the1 Wharves. RIGHT OF PUBLIC MEETING. — The Mayor's Position. emphatically ehdorsed. — V — Hot to 138 Dictated io. Meeting to be Held Shortly. In response to a requisition signed by a number of citizens, Mr W. Kidston, M.L.A., convened a public meeting in tho Hiber nian Hall last night for the purpose of considering the action of the mayor in, is waB alleged, navmg iciusuu w oan «» iug of ratepayers to consider the wharfage I questioc. Mr Kidston presided, and there wero also present on tbe platform Messrs J. C. Stewart, M.L.4., R. R. Dawbarn (actiag secretary), Wallace NelBon, J. | Larcombe, T. Henderson, W. G. J. Edgar, and W. O. Harbottle. Mr Dawbarn road the correspondence which had taken place between the Mayor and himself opon the subject. This has already been pub lished. 9 9.9 9 The chairman said he understood there was seme difference of opinion as to whether the meeting should have been called by him or not; but, as a matter of fact, anyone could have called it in the same ' . : - J :4- 4-a hn Ave.. way. -tie, nowever, wisueu u uv tinctly understood, both by the audience 1 and the speakers who would follow, that I the meeting was not held for the purpose of reviewing or criticising tbe action of the Mayor on the matter. Whatever opinions he (Mr Kidston) held upon that had nothing to do with- the meeting. The sole purpose of the | meeting waB to give the ratepayers the opportunity of asserting their right to a voioe in determining what should be done on the wharfage question. Perhaps it was a rather unusual thing for a chairman to do but be would like to say a word or two on 'the matter. It was supposed by some that he bad rather gone out of hiB way to convene tho meeting, but when he ex- plained the ciroumstances he thought they would hold him justified. The question of what should be done with the wharfage revenue, as between the Harbor Board and inn i-i nil mob fin ft whlP.ll WHS DlSHlfGatiV suited for settlement by the ratepayers; If the wharves belonged to anyone at all it wa9 to them, and, therefore, it was only right they should have a say in the disposal of tha revenue therefrom. (Applause.) If the people of Rockhampton did not want the river deepened it would be improper, he thought, for the council to load them with any fresh burdens for suoh a purpose, but if, on the other hand, they were anxious to see Rockhampton made the deepwater port of the Central Division, and they were willing to stretch a point to accomplish that end, it would be equally improper for the Municipal Council, or any member of that council, to come between them and such a desire. What had caused biin to have anything to do in the present gathering was this -. Some months ago it seemed to him that the moat important question affect ing Rockhampton — for the time being, at all events— was tho question of deepen ing tile river. It also seemed to bim that the council and the Harbor Board had come to a sort of deadlock, and that there was very onsiauraoio danger uc uiaiury re peating itself, and the general interests of the public being sacrificed between the two parties. (Hear, hear.) He held a 9trong opinion that whan the Harbor Board Act was passed the Government should have endowed the Rockhampton Harbor Board to tho extent of, say, £50,000. The reason why he thought so was this: When the works in the river were stopped some time ago, it was on the plea that there was no money in the Treasury to carry them on. Sir Thomas M'llwraith therefore passed a special Act— the Special Sales of Land Act — for tho purpose of rais- wor-.'s. uuuer & n ra "K'St r 1 1 r y on the twico as much la.ua iu Division as in the Northern and Southern Divisions put together, but not a fartbiog of it had been spent in the Central Division. A voice : You'r right, there. Mr Kidston said when the carrying "on of tho works in tha rivor was pat on the shoulders of the local body, he thought it was quite legitimate to ask the Govern ment to endow that body with some portion of the funds which had been raised in that division. (Ap plause.) A nd he saw, at tha same time, qnita weii, that so long as Rockhampton men quarrelled among them selves there was not tha ghost of a show of going to the Government and asking for such an endowment. He had tried to get the council and the Harbor Boird to come to a common understanding in order that the people of Rockhampton might have gone to the Government as an united body, aod v;sth at least a faint hope of su cess. He thought if an honest attempt were made to come to a common understanding there was a fair chance of such beiug arrived at ; and Rockhampton, for once, would be united in the matter. Ho had spoken to tho Mayor and the ohairmaa of the Harbor Board upon the matter, and he had reason to believe both parties were agree able. Mr Bums thought it was desirable; end that then if the membors could not agree they could go to arbitration ; if they really conld agree, so much tho better. He believed tbe Mayor was also agreeable to this. Mr Curtis and himself had been to see the Mayor, and it was understood whon they left that a public meeting was going to be called it was only the day whioh had to bo fixed. Afterwards tbe Mayor said be could not fix np the inattor. Some mem bers of the council conld not agree in tbe matter. In the course of a casual conver sation ho bad learnt that tbe Mayor had not seen five members of tho council; and as there were only two mombcrs of tha council present when Mr Curlis, the Mayor, and himself disonssed the question, it would easily be seen what the position was. But there seemed to be a disinclination to discuss tho subject fairly ; and when, afterward?, he learned. the Mayor, in response to a requisition, had refused to call a public meeting, it seemed to him there was au inclination to brook discussion. Tho matter seemed to ba drifting into an unsatisfactory condition. 'PKat Tcrae f.ho rensnn Tin ViivA rvallnrl fli n meeting. He was quite aware that when a man was elected a member of Parliament he was not supposed to have any opinions of his own. Unfortunately, he was not a very politic politician. When he thought a thing was right he believed in endeavor ing to carry it out, whether it pleased anyone or whether it did not. He refrained from speaking personally— and he hoped others wonld do the same — npon the question of wharfage dues. Let that be another meeting. Bnt he w . had sav this Tbe people of Bockhampton had for many years complained about | ihe kind of Government they had had from Brisbane. ,Thcy had said over and over again that, if they had the of their own affair?, they could do it better than it could be done in Brisbane. (Hoar, hear) When the Brisbane Government had the working of the river they spent from 455000 to £ 13.000 npon the works lor 13 veara. Gould not tbe Rockhampton people do bhtter than that? In his own opinion 'J- I seemed to him that the formation olf © Harbor Board had given the peopU8 I Rockhampton tne chance of Bho.v.ng tney conld manage their own affairs better than the neople of Brisbane. After all it was a thing which concerned Bockhamp-on people most; if they were WIS0„th?7, reap the benefit; if they ' were fooiwh _they wculd have to stand the loss. (Hear, bear.) # Mr W. G. Harbottle proposed the first motion. He maintained that it was very necessary, and also that the deep ening of the river was a matter of urgent necefsity ; that it must be deepened to at least 16ft at low water so that boats— especially the home mail boats— oould come direct to the wharf without bghteringor iDcidenfcal CXpere'- K,v bv X ton bad not been made 81J j® neople who had come to it and settied in the surrounding district. It wa3 mmp y because it was at the head of ,na1 Son If the river had been navigable I S-jstwfrs 1 _ii— anrirt iid to the detriment o"« cidj "b" d a. BhtobMEnB-yson : That ia a little bugbear. Another ratepayer: What about Glad- Harbottle : Some people think that CaMrBrhyTn:DWe had the same sort of thing 30 years ago. , Mr Harbottle said he was certain wnaa he bad stated would happen under the cir oumstances. And if a railway wero made to Btoadmount it would not be very long before some very large buildings were erected there. If the river were aecpcnoa to 16ft at low water Bockhampton would be able to snap its fingers at all the railways that might be built. A ratepayer : What about the Port Alma wh&rf; p Mr Hatbottle And Rockhampton will become a very large city. Another ratepayer: What about the £60,00) spent at Port Alma ? Another ratepayer : And Melbourne and Sandridge — where are they ? Mr Harbottle said he did not feel oaltad uoon to discuss the matter farther. He wonld siuiply move — " I'bab this meeting of Rockhampton ratepayers requests his_Wor- ahip the Mayor to convene a meeting of ratepayers on the evening of June 12, for the purpose of considering the question of the transfer of the wharves to the Harbor Board " -j. Mr Lirccmbe seconded the motion, ne maintained that the question of tbe trans fer of the wharves was on9 of the most important matters the ratepayers had ever been called upon to oonsidsr. Whatever difference of opinion there might be— and be himself held very strong opinions- there could be no doubt as to tbe fact ihat the ratepayers should have an opportunity of expresaing their views. Another matter upon which all, he thought, would be no-reed, was tha absolute necessity of deep ening the river. (Applause.) However, that was not the proper time to sei. public views, and for the present be would content himself with seconding the motion. # 9 9 In response to the usual invitation for amendment, Mr Jeremiah Bell came for ward f:om the body of the ball. He he held a different opinion from the m ljoriiy of the gentlemen who were on the platform. He was one of those who had n3ked the Mayor to call a public meeting, bat he thought the date was a matter which should be left in tbe hands of the Mayor. The matter had already been fairly repre sented ia the public Press." T £ A voice from tbe body of the hall : Mr Boll : Will somebody take that cfrlt a. /— v — -l —3 to ti r#v( fpr Ihe chairman: If yon will kindly con fine yourself to the amendment yon have to move it would facilitate matters. Air Bell said his amendment was this — " That it be left to the Mayor to decide when the meeting be held." No one, he main tained, had aoy right to dictate to the Mayor when he should call tbe meeting. In his (ilr Beli's) opinion the present gathering was altogether inopportune. (A voice : Hear, hear.) The amendment was not seconded and consequentlv lapsed. 9 ' » 9 Mr T. H. Hill said he should like to say a tow words upon the subject. When he read the Argus that evening be saw the announcement of the meeting, and also the resolution which was to be submitted. He held the opinion that it was hardly a right thing to dictate to the Mayor a3 to what he should do. He, therefore, uiovod the omission of the words " on June 12,' substituting therefor "at an early date." He thought it was discretionary for the Mayor to decide what to do under the circumstances, and had he himself been in the same position he wonld have stood upon his dignity and declined to be dictated to. Personally, he did not think there was sufficient justification in tho letter which the Mayor had cansed the Town Clerk to write for tho present meeting to have been called — (Hear, hear)— bnt had the Mayor acoeded to the request, and oonvened the meeting without consulting his fellow- aldermen. he wonld have been exceeding his duty. They must remember that only three or four hours had been allowed to elapse before an answer was demanded, aud he did not think that w.ia sufficient time. It was a matter which should not bo decided in a hurry, and to call a meeting at 48 hours' notice Mr Bell : Ia forcing the matter ! Mr Hill said at all events he hold the opinion very strongly that it was the Mayor's prerogative to decide when tha meeting should be held ; therefore, ho moved the amendment — " A meeting of suoh a description euouia oe auverusuu u run- night before it was held." Mr Bell ssoonded the amendment. # # # The chairman said it eecn.ed to him that there was a unanimous feeling that tbe matter should bo referred to the rate payers. He, personally, was willing there fore to accept the amendment upon the understanding that tho cslin judgment of )hn «n4nv%n n.->pn nrno f a K A Oot'Oi trtlYltll Q n W_ pup anucajsta tvuo iw vu MCULU nataiiM HOJ- thing like a reasonable time. He there fore suggested that tho proposed amend ment should be acosptod. # # # # Mr Harbottle said he was perfectly will ing to agree to that. He would like to add this to what he bad previously said when tha requisition was presented to the Mayor, there was no date or time mentioned for the meeting; there was a time pencilled in lead in one corner, but that was simply a euggostion, and when the Mayor did not reply they thought it advisable to EOt up \- jmothSr requisition to Mr Kic'ston, and the . 'ctgptdt was the present meeting. ratepayer: It is purely on educational 'meeting. Mr Larcombe said he was not pledged to the particclar date mentioned in the resolution. So long as the meeting was held at an early date he was quite satis fied. He supported the amendment. The chairman then put the motion as amended, and declared it carried unani mously. There were no dissentients, but only a very small proportion of those present voted. » » » Mr Dawbarn moved a second motion that the first resolution be conveyed to tho Mayor. Replying to Mr Hill's accusation 3 that there had been undue haste in the sum moning of the meeting, Mr Dawbarn said he wished to explain the circumstances. He, together with Mr Edgar, met the Mayor on Friday afternoon about half-past 4 or 5 o'clock, and tendered the requisition frv Vl?m f h an T'Laf. nraa fVia PviJoe UaFrvwa list Tuesday. The Mayor said he would receive it the next morning. When Mr Edgar and himself went to the Counoil Chambers on the following morning — Saturday — they were informed by the Town Clerk the Mayor was not expected there that day. He (Mr Dawbarn) believed the Mayor did not go there that day. (Laughter.) He (Mr Dawbarn) was pre sent with Mr Edgar and Mr Uarbottle at the Conncil Chambers on Tuesday morning, when the requisition was presented, bat a meeting of the council was then proceed ing. If these facts had been known to Mr Hill he would probably not have condemned his (Mr Dawbarn'a) letter to the Mayor. Mr W. G. J. Edgar seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, and the mcoting separated. A special summoned meeting of the Rcokhampton Harbor Board was held this morning, to which the Press representa tives were invited. The members present decided to exclude them and supply an official report thereafter. The proceedings had not concluded when the Argus went to press. 