Ritual, Myth, and Customs of the Australian Aborigines. [By W. A. Squires.] THE ASTRONOMY AND STAR MYTHS OF THE ABORIGINES. Wyungare, the Nimrod of the tribes, who was one of the men of the red clan who are now stars, had no father but only a mother, and had for his companion Nepelle. Wyungare stole Nepelle's two wives, and being pursued he flung his spear into the heavens with a line attached, and it having stuck there he hauled himself and the two wives up. Three stars are pointed out as Wyungare and his wives. Nepolle still paddles across the heavens in his canoe, the Milky Way, trying to overtake his stolen brides and their captor. Wyungare is the deity who presides over marriage, and his mythic history has evidently arisen out of the exogamous custom of the Aborigines, or tho marriage by capture imposed upon them by totemism which prohibits the intermar- riage between two of the same class or totem. A variant of this myth is current amongst the Northern Victorian tribes. The stars were formerly men and come out at night to reenact their former occupations ; they are too far distant to be recognised, but may be distinguished by the fire sticks they carry with them. One of them, Pung-ngane was the first ancestor of the tribe of the Red men, and he had a brother named Wingarope. His mother, with whom he was a favourite, took him into the bush and provided him with every aboriginal luxury and there he became a skilled hunter and great warrior. Pung-ngane stayed by the seashore with his two wives, and it so happened that having to go upon a long journey he left his wives at home. Many months elasped, but the husband did not return, and the wives thinking themselves deserted desired to offer their charms to Waijungngari, a hunter and warrior of no little repute, with whose prowess they had doubtless been smitten. The desire was quickly acted upon, and at dead of night the two deserters from the domestic camp fire of Pung-ngane arrived at their selected protec- tor's gunyah, and stationing themselves one on each side of the door imitated the cry of the emu. Upon hearing this, Waijungngari arming himself with a spear, rushed out and confronted his midnight visitors, who informed him of their mission to which he readily conceded. When Pung-ngane returned, he naturally made inquiries and instituted a search for his missing wives, and when he discovered what they had done his disconsolate heart dictated that the best course of punishment was that effected by supernatual means in which he was a staunch believer. He therefore, after casting a few magical spells, probably learnt at the original Bora, went to the gunyah where resided Waijungngari, the unpronounce- able, with his stolen brides, and casting some magical fire upon it, uttered the mystical words "Kun nda jan," signifying ' "let it burn slowly." When the wrongdoers retired to rest that night the fire fell upon them, and they knew they were under the powerful spells of a mighty wizard, and in terror and haste they rushed from the scene and never rested until they reached a secluded spot along the far distant coast, from which placc through the mediation of the Ancestral God of Waijung- ngari, they were translated to the starry heavens. But deep within the heart of Pung-ngane still surged the jealous passions, and nurtured in his brain Sat fell revenge, gnashing her teeth for ire, Devising means how li she might vengeance take, Never at rest till she have her desire. And when he heard his wives and detested rival had been translated to the sky, he cast upwards a spear specially prepared with a Karaji's curse to indicate that he would follow them even through the silent wastes of grim eternity. At last his preparations were com- plete, and he threw upwards, a barbed spear with his enchanted message to the gods, asking them to detain the objects of his wrath in some part of the sky where he could pursue and despatch them. At length when his ancestral gods sent their fell messenger to call him to his last home, he, his mother and brother, repaired to the hiding place of his faithless wives and the man whose destiny they had so sadly marred, and there with due solemnity despatched them after the manner of great criminals, and even to this day the old Karajis, pointing to the bright track of the Milky Way, show the knowledge-seeking initiates the camps where all these things came to pass, the glimmering ashes and the smoke from innumerable fires where Pung-ngane and his family regale themselves upon the ever plentiful emu, kangaroo and other game pro- vided in the aboriginal happy hunting ground for the o favourites of the gods. In the Kamilaroi tribe the following are some of the astronomical names : — Mirri, the stars. Venus is Ngaije-Kindawa (the star that laughs at yon). Mars is Gumba (fat). Saturn is Wung-gal (a small bird). Arcturus is Guembila (red). Canopus is Wamba (stupid or deaf). It will at once be observed that compared with Grecian mythology the myths of the Australian aborigines are at a much more primitive stage of construction and so they would of necessity remain until another Homer arose in their midst, and wresting from the ancestral gods much of their semblance to man, placed them upon higher pedestals and trans- formed them into more ethereal and majestic creatures. In aboriginal myth we have a key to the classic mythology the origin of which has in past years puzzled many a giant brain. The effort to solve the reasons for the Zodiacal names kept many a student burning his mid- night oil. The belief in animal and human stars is al- most universal, and is the natural result of the barbaric ideas which gave rise to the many fables portraying the earliest guesses at as- tronomical truths. To quote from Thomas Carlyle "Consider what mere time will do in such cases, how if a man was great while living, he became ten-fold greater than dead. What an enormous camera-obscura magnifier is tradition: how a thing grows in the human memory when love, worship, and all that lies in thie human heart is there to en- courage it . . . . why in thirty or forty years, were there no books, any great man would grow mythic." Little wonder then that the untutored aboriginals after some o few years recounting the deeds of daring and skill of an ancestor, whose good qualities increased at each recital, finally discovered him shining placidly in the heavens a beacon light for the guidance of all who wished to follow in his footsteps. Viewed in this light it will be easily recognised that if there were no permanent record, floods such as those of 1893 would gradually increase iu proportion until in some few scores of years they would develop into an universal deluge devastating in its wild career not merely a district but the entire world. Mr. Herbert Spencer's school in the main recognisecs in Zeus, Odin, and in many mythological gods anti-historical characters who once existed, and sees in them "ancestral ghosts raised to a higher power;" but this hypothesis cannot be accepted as applying to all myths. The Murri river myth account- ing for the two pointers, Agenor and Bungula, is clearly an ancestral one. The Brush Turkeys (Burowa) were the tribe of that totem, who were being assailed by some more power- ful tribe whose totem is not mentioned. The two deliverers were two ancestors, to whose bravery the overpowering of the enemy has been evidently attributed, and who duly received the usual reward of astral elevation. There are many myths both of the old and new world which may be construed in similar manner, but there are others whose origin can be traced to the more resemblance or fancied resemblance of a constellation to some terres- trial object. Corona for instance is like a crown, or as the black- follows perceive, it is like a boomerang, and so we can easily under- stand why the name of crown in the old and boomerang in the new became attached to it. Little wonder that the o aborigine acquired a sound knowledge of the relative positions of the stars, and were inclined towards Sabaeanism, that in his primitive observatory the Karaji kept a three days' and three nights' solitary vigil within a stone circle on a mountain top, communing with Wanda, the Unknown Spirit, and there, like Moses on Mount Sinai, be- neath the circling stars, "the poetry of heaven" under the potent spell of the infinite immensity of the heavens "Standing upon some lofty mountain, thought And felt the spirit stretch into a view Mr. R. A. Proctor (Myths and Marvels of As- tronomy ) says "The first observations of the heavens were of necessity made by men who depended for their subsistence on a familiarity with the stars, and doubtless preceded by many ages the study of astronomy as a science." Here in Australia where in the trackless bush, with nothing on either side but dense scrub, nothing overhead but eucalypti, '"Where every mile of country is exactly like the last" here, indeed, would the black find the need of some "guiding star" some "star of hope" to point the way to his destination. Strange as it may seem through the medium of these puerile and fanciful myths of our blacks, we may arrive at and ascertain the impulse which brought about the beauti- ful structure of the Greek religion, which produced the masterpiece of Homer, and may even understand more of the uncertainties which lie deep down in the influential religion of Christianity with its attendant Dante and Milton. (To be continued.) 