CHAPTER VI. MISTAKE a FOR A GHOST. There oomes a time to most men when the fact that they are. old beoomes a new and unpleasant reality to them. But it is impossible for such to understand the pain-, fulifeelings which fill the mind of a man who has passed abruptly from youth to age. Its effect upon me was to embitter my whole nature, and oreate in me a thorough hatred f<)r De Vere! I set myself at onoe to traoe his movements; having followed him to B , I knew that it would be easy enough to diioover his place of residence. Lookiijg over some files of the Argun I was relieved, however, from any further searoh in Melbourne, for there, as plain as could be, was tlie name of Harold de Vere among 'the departures for Brisbane. He had evidently made no effort to conceal his movements or disgnise his name, He had left about a fortnight after our meeting. I ohuokled fiercely when I found that he was moving north. 1 He's getting away from civilization,' I muttered to myself, 'and ..will the more easily fall into my hands.' I never counted the consequenoes to myself; there are oircumstanoes under whioh a man's life may become of no value to him, and besides, to destroy suoh a man as De Vere, I argued, would be a benefit to humanity ; only one. who had bartered him self to the Evil One oould possess such powers as he had. . I reached Brisbane, and found as I had expected that ho was a visitor with Gordon Bassett, but I also found to my surprise that Lord Alfred Burr was there too. There was possibly some pre-arranged plan, I thought, with Bassett that ac counted for the meeting. And now fortune suddenly favored mo in a most remarkable manner, and unex pectedly gave me the opportqqity that I had planned for and desired. I wbb waiting for a train at the Mel bourne-street Railway Station one after noon, when an old man, but vigorous and active, suddenly stopped in front of me and stared full in my face with every indication of surprise. 1 Good God I' he at last ejaculated,' it'B old Squire Gunnory J' The man's face grew white, and I believe he would have fallen but that I reachod out my hand and dragged him to a seat. He had mistaken me for my grandfather! ' Old man,' I said, 4 whoever you are, you onoe lived at Ohurch Oonsett,' As I spoke to him he shrank from me as from a demon,' and his teeth fairly J chattered in his head. & • Who are you ?' I aaked. f 1 Don't you know me ?' he aaid> ' No,' I answered ; ' never flaw you m my life before that I know of.' 'Ah! then you caunot be him,' he re plied, looking at mo eagerly, but with iv sigh of relief. ^ I asked some iurther questions, but could get nothing more oat of the mti'i. Ho movod away to another scat, but I deter mined not to lose eight of him. He knew that I was a Gunnery, and eould only lmvo become possessed of that font by having known uud boon familiar with my grand father. I resolved to know more about liim, so went to the booking-offico and seciu'ou i ticket for the terminus station on the line tuo next train was to travel upon, I would get out at whatever station this man alighted. The mere fact of his knowing my name was sufficient to upset all my plans. Tho train ran on for nearly an hour in the direction of tho shores of Aloroton Bay, Btopping at a number of stations en route. The man at last alighted, fyhen I at once followed. ' What is it you want with mo ?" he asked iu a harsh tone of voice, as I caught him up. 11 want to do you no harm,' I answerod, ' but you seem to know moro about an ancestor of initio than I could wish, and I must have somo talk with you.' " Who in the devjl's name are you ? ' he said, turning sharply round. ' The grandson of the Squire Gunnery that you knew at Church Consett,' I answered. " That can't be,' he said. 1 Mark Gun more than about thirty, and you aro as old as I am.' ' Never mind,' I replied; ' what T havo told you is the truth. But lead on; I am coming with you for an hour's conversation.' [ 1 Why can't wo have it here ?' 1 ' Because it's not convenient. I have something to tell you that it might bo best f for ypur own sake for mo to say whore there is no possibility of our being over heard.' It was a random shot, but ovideutly told, for he walked on without auother word. 'This man,' I thought to myself, ' has done something that my grandfather was aware of, and which he wishes to for eet. It' waa getting dark as bo stopped at a oottage residence above a sheltered cove of one of the many bays which are enclosed i within the great stretch of water known as Moreton Bay. A good-sized sailing boat road at anohor a short distance off the shore, and a rowing boat was drawn up under a boat-bouse. Tbere was a trim garden and small orchard, with two or three small pad docks and Btable, and the general surround ings betokened the residence of a man in a comfortable way o£ life. Turning the latch, he let us into a room comfortably furnished, with the tasle set for tea. A dark handsome girl, of four or five and twenty, entered almost at the sain time from another door. • You're back again, father,' aho said, in a not unmusical voice. ' Yes, Sis,' he answered pleasantly, and; have brought a visitor with me, who I dare say, will uot object to a cup of tea, If you bring it in we won't trouble you further.' . The man seemed more inolined to be friendly, so I made no remark, and deter-' mined to take the proferred meal with him. ' Now,' said I, after he had somewhat appeased his appetite, ' I have told you who I am. Who are you ?' ' Well, if you must' know,' he answered, ' my name is Diok Blaokmann.' ' Ah,' said I, ' you have relatives still living at Oburoh Oonseet ?' • I have.' • And, excuse me, you are the Dick Backmann that about fifty years ago was transported for a poaching affair ?' 1 You're right again,' ho said, ' now what next ?' ' I paused and looked at Black matin, and then oame to a rapid decision. It would advantage me to take someone familiar with the place and people into my con fidence. There were palpable reasons why this should be the man. His face con tained that whitfh suggested that he might be trusted, with a secret. There are some men whose own history made it in expedient for them to reveal another's secret or orime. Then, too, he knew me, and I him. • Diok Blackmann,' I said, * I am going to take you into m,y confidence. I don't want to ask anything more about you, Probably you hold a good position in this place, and have well nigh forgotten the troubles of your early days. Whatever I know of you and your past history is a matter between ourselves.' , The man made an impatient gesture, but I stopped him from speaking. ' I suppose you were going to say that yon don't care what I know, etc., but hear mo out. I've too much on my hands to be concerned about you, or anything that was between you and my grandfather; but your know lodge of this place and its people may be of servioe to me. To that extent you must help me, Blaokmann. He was filling a short pipe with tobacco, and neither looked up nor made reply. I could not help watching him a moment. It was not aotually a bad faoe that the man had. It gave the impression of one that waB older than he looked. He was, I judged, oold and hard hy nature, and yet by no means incapable of a generous action or kindly deed wheu his better self was aroused. Physically his strong, well knit frame seemed capable of much enduranoe. «I have reasons for not wishing to be known here,' I continue^, 'Not that there's muoh fear of that,' I said bitterly, as I reoalled my premature age. Blaokmann caught the tone of my voice and looked curiously. ' Do you seo that band ? I. asl^ed putting my right hand aoroaa the table, 1 Does it match my face f < Pqt your own beside it, man ' * Mine has had to work,' be answered, as he looked at bis shrivelled sinowy fingers, • Yes, but that has not made fcl^e differenoe' I answered warmly, ' gome oursed sorcery has made me an old man within two months cl^angecl me in features, speech, and bodily bearing; changed rao m that tuy bosom friend could not recogniso ine, and the man that rlid it added I;bi3 to a previous injury,' • Ho'b in Brisbane, and I've come up here to reckon with him. He's staying with Sir Gordon Bassett,' ' I suppose it's that friend of Lord Alfred Burr's you are referring to,' eaid Black mail n. ' Ifc is,' * Well, I can tell you something a boat him.' Willi some iidvice and assistance from Blnebrntttiu, who [ found to bo a well known citizen, whose doubtful antocedants had but very slightly interfered with a successful colonial career, I was introduced to Sir Gordon Bassett as a Mr. Vernon on the look-out for a good station property for my two sons. The raetamorphoBe was com plete. and as Mr. Vernon I became familiar with both Harold do Vere and Lord Alfred Burr. There must have been something however, in my manner which unconsciously to some extent revealed my inner self to De Vere, for notwithstanding all my caution and apparent friendliness, I felt that he distrusted mo. We actually spent a fortnight together inspecting one of Bassett's stations on the Maranoa, for at my suggestion both Lord Alfred and De Vere accompanied us, but never during those days of bush journeying could I get him alone and at a disadvantage. Not that he in any way recoghised mo ; that was impossible, for voice, feature, hand writing, gait, everything about me was altered. I bad during this time made the most careful search for Beatrice and Violet, and at last became persuaded that they were not resident anywhero in Brisbane. Why De Vere protracted bis stay I could not guess. He talked of visiting North Queensland and Java, returning by the British India routo to England. But still he stayed, as though conscious of some watch upon bis move ments, or fear of impending evil. Scarcely an hour of the night or day but he was shadowed by some agent of my own. Bofore punishing him, I would fain have discovered, through him, something of tlioBo I sought. ' Mr. Vernon,' said Sir Gordon Bassett to me one morning as I met him in the Queensland Olub.' Wo are arranging a few days' shooting down the bay ; will ybu make one of our party ? We will run down in the yacht, and make a week of it among the islands. There are hundreds of black swans and other game, and we should have some good sport. Lord Alfred Burr, De Vere and a couple of Brisbane men will bo of the party.' I ageeed to go at onoe. I was desperate enough to seize any chance that would put De Vere within my reach again. (To be Continued) 