IN MEMORIAM. Eeuren Hall was the second son of Samuel and Hannah Hall and was born at Belper, Derbyshire, England, on 31st January, 1828. His parents were godly people, and were members of the Eev. Eohert Aitken's Church, in which his father held the position of deacon. Eeuben was placed at a private Bchool conducted by the Eev. E. Stokes, nnd received a thorough grounding in Latin, Greek and Mathematics.. Later on Mr. StokwB removed to Dieppe, France. Eeuben accompanied him and attending school there soon became proficient in the French language and acquired a love for the French people which he retained up to the day ot his death. On his re t urn from France he became a pupil in the Liverpool Cullege, Liverpool, .under the head mastership of Mr. Conybeare of Conybeare and Eowson, the famous commentators. There Mr. Hall rapidly distinguished himself, gaining three scholarships before he was 16 yearB of age. Mr. Hall's early promise soon attracted the attention of the Eev. Eobert Aitken, at one time a successful revivalist, but then a High Churchman of an extreme type. Mr. Aitken offered to educate Mr. Hall for the Church of England Ministry along with his own sons, one of whom is the now famous Eev. Eobert Hay Aitken, the Anslican Eevivalist. Mr. Hall accepted the offer and spent three months in Mr. Aitken's house.. The ceremonials of High Church ism, were however, increasingly distaste ful to him. He became filled with spiritual gloom as he seemed to foresee the poBsihility of his heirig ultimately led untoR -mish bondage and he reBolved to sever his connection with High Churcbism. About this time it was his lotto attend a Methodist service and through the preaching of the Eev. Dr. Ot«borne he was converted to God, and became an intelhg«nt, earnest follower of Christ. 'His conversion brought to him mental as well as spiritual liberty and laid the foundation of that inde pendence of thought which continued to develop in after life. Hence as a Methodist, he sought to prove ''all things and hold fast that which is good.' He was an earnest and intelligent believer in the doctrines if not always in the policy of 1 he Methodist Church. Mr. Hall became a member of Dr. O-borne's class. Soon afterwards he began to preach and subsequently he became very popular as a local preacher, occupying the pulpits in some of the large churches in the Liverpool Circuit. His services were frequently in demand on ' Anniversary and other special occasions. Soon afterwards Mr. Hall was urged to offer himself as a candi date'for the Wesleyan Ministry. He ac ceded to the request, and in due time was recommended by the Liverpool Quarterly Meeting for reception by the Conference. Unhappily, that year the denomination was rent in twain by the great agitation which resulted in a seces sion from the Wesleyan Methodist Church. As a consequence no new ministers were needed that year, and his offer was not accepted. During this time Mr. Hall was employed as a clerk and foreign correspondent in one of the largest shipping firms in Liverpool. Owing to the burning down or his father's house, when hie parents lost their all, he became the chief support of the family, and decided then to go out to Australia, where they landed, in Sydney, in 1852. He at once joined the Methodist Church in Sydney, where he found ample scope for his preaching abilitity. When the diggings broke out in Victoria he joined Mr. Edwin Viek ery 10. Carrisbrooke. Some months after he married Mr. Vickery's sister at Castlemaine, Victoria, and wa3 the first - to introduce Methodism into Carris brooke, and open his house to service and meetings. At once he began to work for God on the diggings, preach ing usually twice each Sunday. On his return to Sydney he Bettled for a time at Waverley, and afterwards removed to Ashfield, where with few brief breaks he resided till his death. His work as a preacher at Ashfield is well known to the oldest inhabitants. Some 15 years ago Sir. Hall's medical advisers inti '.'mated to Mm that he was suffering from a dangerous form of heart disease, and that it would be fatal for him to con tinue to preach. This was a great grief to him, for he loved the work. For awhile he fretted over his comparative useleasness, and then, at his son's sug gestion, he took up his pen and became a constant writer on religious and social questions, under the somewhat .pathetic nom de plume of A.S.L.P. (a silent lay preacher) as well as over his own name. And as a writer of special and leading articles he became widely known to the religious public through put New South Wales and the other Australian colonies. Time will not permit to apeak in detail of his work as a class leader, a trustee, a circuit steward, and a representative to Con ference, but it may be confidently .affirmed that in all these capacities he earnestly sought to serve his Church and his Master, who was dearer to him than even his much loved Church. Mr. .Hall, with others, was largely instru mental in the erection of the Ashfield Church, and by his sagacity and busi ness tact materially helped forward the movement when sound judgment and financial help were specially needed. Mr. Hall's home life was an exception ally happy one. He had the joy of seeing his prayer answered in the con version of all his children. He was a man of prayer and of faith. Hopeful, industrious, enthusiastic, yet studious and thoughtful. The Bible which he used in the Greek, Latin, French and English versions was his daily com panion, and he aimed to make its teach ing the rule of his daily life. Numerous correspondents bear their testimony to jhis Christian fidelity and godly sin cerity. The Rev. J. E. Moulton writes of him : 'He is now hearing the glorious words — ' Servant of God, .well done!'' The Rev. R. Caldwell writes :—' Mr. Hall was no ordinary man. . Sterling, true and goaly beyond the common run of mankind, he was one of God's own princes, and now he ie with his Lord. If the bereavement is great, the consolation is great, that the one who has been sent for to ' go up higher 'was such a loyal child of God. What a beautiful death for the man who was alwavs readv.' To this and other testimonials I may be permitted to add a few words from frequent observa tion and close association : I knew Mr. Hall w, hen sorely tried by sickness, financial reverses, and another trial greater than either, yet amidst all these trying experiences he maintained his steadfastness of faith and hope in God. .He had the courage of his convictions and feared no man, but as a child of G-od he was humble, submissive, earnest and of him, as of one of. the Lord's earlier disciples, it may be said ' he waH a good, man, full of faith and the Holy Ghost.' When he gave his heart to God he gave his purse as well, and for upwards of forty years, whether in poverty or comparative prosperity he always set apart one-tenth of his in come, and sometimes more for the cause of God. About 15 months ago Mr. ?Hall had a severe illness, which necessitated his relinquishing busi , ness, but he was raised up again, as he believed, in answer to prayer, and spent the remaining happy months with his family, free from the pressure of work that; had burdened him all his previous life. It was for him an even tide of quiet and light. He died as he had lived, full of faith and trust in God. On the morning of the 27th September 1895. he left home after singing 'Just as I am without one plea.' Having taken his seat in the train he Bpoke cheerfully to a friend, then bowed bis head and died without a pang. Thua calmly closed the earthly course of Reuben Hall, who after a long and useful, though somewhat chequered life, was suddenly, but gloriously trans lated to the home and rest of heaven. ? . W.W.R. 