FAREWELL OF THE RET, CHARLES CLARK. 'COD BLESS US. EVERY ONE.' A splendid lecture waa the verdict of the verv largo crowd that gathered in ths Town Hall on Tuesday evening to listen, for probahlv the last time, to tho Rev. Charles Clark. Uis bxcellencv the uovcrnor. Lady Victoria Buxtou, Miss Mabel Buxton, Sir. Harold Buxton, Captain Guise, and Captain Walling ton were present. Tlie lecturer's subject waa Dickens's delightful little talo with amoral, his ' Christinas Carol :' and the touching story, with its blended pathos and humour, and its beautiful studies of human nature, was un folded to his hearers by tbo gifted man who faced them in » manner they had uover before heard excelled, and had wonderful force and charm given to it. Scrooge's adventures wcro followed throughout with tho - greatest of interest— Marley and Marley's ghost, and 'Sir Roger,' and ? ','Tiny Tin?' and his father, 'Bob Cratdut,' and the plump sister, und '.'Topper' wero . greeted as old friends. All tho humour was brought to the front by a master hand. The pathos was brought out with the acme of skill, and many must havo felt thrt hod they been tha writer of tho capital little tale they could never wish a better exponent. After tho recital, a scries of limelight viows illus trating various episodes of the story were presented on the screen. When the lights were turned up, Mr. CUrk advanced to the front of the platform, and in u. voice affected by suppressed . emotion ? said : — 'I must confess that at intervals during- this evening tho moment at which I have now arrived has suggested itself to me, and has boon as a sort of shadow stealing over my spirit, when on ordinary occasions I would have been in a mood of joyous hilarity. I havo to thank you all, as representing many of my Adelaide friends — some perhaps not present to-night — for all their constant and kindly nupport of me and of my lectures. It is now some six and twenty years since I firnt came to Adelaide, and. I inado some friends then who have remained my constant and gracious friends unto this hour. ' I pray that every prosperity may attend them and your selves, ami that, according to tho. terms of Tiny Tim's benediction, may 'God bless us, every one.1 ' (Loud cheers.) 