j CRICKET. HAMILTON V. EENSHUBST.. . Having received intimation on Wednesday thst <he 3Penhur»t eleven would visit Hamilton on tbe folio "ring day, Mr. Melville bad to con tent himself with sacrateh team to meet them, there beioa no time to nommiuiicte vvttb msny of the leading plarera Winuing the tea from Mr. Dufton, he root Mm visitor, to field in . temperature, tbaok to a smut shower, similar to thai often found In m Tnririah bath. Onveeagh Waa bowled off bis p>tb for nil, 3. Learmonth made a long stand for &, Melville was caught for 7, tbe score studing at 64. Two of the Bippona, pere et fit, tben became ssmiiiisii ll. end cstrird tbe aconto 15S, when George, joniur, who had soorel 103 witbont giving the ghost of a show, was bawled when attempting to uncover a ball that kept low. Another veteran, Dunn on, then joined tbe old man. who, having brought op his total to 38, exactly imitated bis sou's example. Ha innings was also a cfaancelesa one. Collins failed to st.y, and, on H. £ Kippon joining Dunoon, things became very lively, both men going fur short runs. The newcomer quickly rattled op 28, in cluding a grand drive for five, when he missed one from S- Boss. Dunoon made 8, Somer 8, and the total waa 210. Tbe visitors commenoed badly. King being "yorkud " by Kennau's first ball, but on H. DelitUe joining Coldham, things materially improved, the total being cairied to 34, when DeLittle, who had hatted in nice style for 14, waa bowled by H. Kippon. Frank Rosa commenced with a three and a two, when he got body before aricket to a full tosa from the same bo wire, and Hamil tomans knew they had obtained a very cheap bargain indeed. The partnership of Stewart Boss and Coldham was a decidedly profitable one, both men putting the wood on in fine style, until B«sr, 22, rose a great break -back aunt down by G. Kippon, jam, the total standing at over 90, and Rosa having made one of the finest drives aeon this season. M'Nee made a stand for 6, hut Coldham waa the most consistent amiter of them all, bis 51 being obtained hy cleao, hard hitting, and at times good defence. Tram he gave a chance or two, but what of that? He scored walL The laat wicket fell when the total had reiched 115. leaving Hamil'on vicrorioua by 95 runs. Had Stewart Boas, who took 6 wicket! for 20 ruts,' been put on sooner, the probability is that the local score would not have assumed anything like such large proportions. Olie kept very straight, bat only secured 3 for 78, and M'Nee 1 for 15 were the other successful trandlera. On the other side Keonsn secured 3 for 32, G. Kippon, jnc., 4 for 38, H. Nippon 2 for 27, and Eippon primns 1 for 3. 