Sermon. AN EXPLANATION OF THE EITE OF EPISCOPAL CONSECRATION. The Following is the text of the eloquent sermon delivered by the Bev. A. Dietel, S.J., at the consecration ceremony of the Bishop of Port Augusta in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, in explanation of the ritual of the day. The rev. gentleman took for his text:— " And as they were ministering to the Lord, and fasting, the Holy G-host said to them : ' Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them.' Then they, fasting and pray ing, and imposing their hands upon them, sent them away." (Acts xiii., 2-3.) The text of- Holy Writ just quoted re lates the fact and the manner in which Saul and Barnabas were ordained bishops. The circumstances connected with their ordination are, first, that the ceremony of consecration took place during the holy sacrifice of the Mass, for this is the mean ing of the words, " As they were minister ing to the Lord," because no ministry and no service is so truly and properly offered "to the Lord " as the holy sacrifice of the Mass. The words cited cannot convey the meaning of "preaching the Gospel," be cause the word of God as the Gospel is preached to man, and not to God. This explanation of the text is also supported by the words " imposing their hands upon them," which are found in the same pas sage; for St. Dionysius tells us that the apostles were accustomed to ordain bishops during the sacrifice of the Mass by the im position of hands. Moreover, the sacrifice was offered in the city of Antioch, whilst the Mosaic sacrifices of sheep and oxen could be made, according to the Jewish law, only at Jerusalem, in the temple of Solo mon. Therefore the words "Ministering to the Lord" signify the sacrifice of the Mass, and not the Mosaic sacrifice. 2\. Another circumstance mentioned by the Holy Scripture is that the apostles " were fasting" whilst they were perform ing the rite. According to the usage and tradition of the holy apostles the custom prevails even to the present day, that fast ing precedes the consecration of a bishop, not only to earnestly and effectually im plore the grace of God that those about to be ordained may be fit ministers of the Church, but also that they may better dis pose themselves to receive the special graces of their ordination. 3\. Again, the Holy Ghost, who spoke by the prophets in the old law, inspired also the apostles, saying, " Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them." That is to say separate me Saul, as a vessel of election, as one chosen by a special decree of God from eternity to be the Apostle of the Gentiles and the teacher of nations. Barnabas was likewise raised to the apostleship by reason of his eminent virtues and remarkable zeal, which prompted him to lay all his riches at the feet of the apostles in order to be more free to preach the Gospel. Hence St. Bar nabas is highly honored in the Holy Scrip tures, and styled "a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." (Acts ii.) Apostolic men are called by the Holy Spirit to help in the sanetification of souls, and for this reason they are designated the assistants and joint-laborers of God, in the most noble and divine work of saving souls. 4\. Lastly the Holy Scripture describes the apostles as "praying and imposing their hands." From these words it is evi dent that Saul and Barnabas were conse crated bishops, for according to St. Luke they had been before this ordained priests, and had exercised their office as priests at Antioch for a year previously. 5\. Since the episcopal office is an emana tion from the fullness of apostolic authority, it cannot be conferred by secular princes or any temporal power. Royal princes repeatedly endeavored in times past to embarrass the freedom of the Church in choosing candidates for the Episcopal Sees. These princes exercised an arbitrary and despotic power in the conduct of ecclesias tical affairs to such an extent that their interference became an oppression and a tyranny, the sad result of which was that in those evil days many obtained the episco pal office uncanonically or in an irregular manner. Nay, even simony was frequently reported to, in order to procure the investi ture with ring and crozier, the distinctive symbols of episcopal dignity and power. No wonder, then that many bishops were found whose lives were not in harmony with their sacred calling, who discharged their office not from the love of Christ, but from worldly motives. In those disturbed times the admirable wisdom and energy of Pope Gregory VII., a Saint, whose name_ is illustrious in the history of the Church, put an end for ever to the practice of lay investiture, as subversive of the Church's vital interests, and withdrew from the laity at once and for ever the privilege of appoint ing to ecclesiastical or spiritual offices. St. Gregory VII. raised the bishops from this condition of feudal slavery and provided for the perfect freedom of' ecclesiastical elections 6\. After this historical digression, let us return to our main subject. The word bishop is derived from the Greek word 'l&vlaKowos; (episeoftts), which, in its general acceptation, means a superintendent. The word bishop in the Catholic sense signifies, therefore, a spiritual overseer, viz., one who, being rightly consecrated and ordained to an order superior to the priesthood, is a successor of the apostles, and in communion with the head of the Church, the Pope. As by divine appointment the Pope alone governs the whole Church, so each bishop is the spiritual head or ruler of the diocese or bishopric assigned to him by the Pope. In the episcopal order is united the ful ness of spiritual dignity, jurisdiction, and power of all the preceding orders, and this is clearly seen in the touching ceremony of the consecratian of a bishop. It is, how ever, only on the main features of this magnificent rite that we intend now to dwell. The consecration takes place on a Sunday as on the feast of an apostle, for the bishop is to walk in the footsteps of the apostles upon whom the supreme power and full authority of our Divine Lord was con ferred. Besides the consecrating bishop there must be at least two others to assist, so that three bishops at least are required for the consecration of a brother prelate. Thus the apostolic constitutions command, and the Council of Nice declares, a consecration null and invalid if this condition is not complied with. As many bishops as possi ble come together generally at the consecra tion of a brother bishop, that they may offer up their prayers to Almighty God for his welfare, and rejoice in the Lord at his elevation. After the reading of the apos tolic mandate the bishop-elect kneels before the consecrator, and takes the usual oath, whereby he solemnly promises to be faithful and obedient to the Pope and his lawful successors 5 never to aid by counsel or act the enemies of the Holy See, but always to defend it; to observe personally and en force the observance by others of the ordinances of the Holy Fathers and of the head of the Church; to render an account of his steward snip, eitner m person or oy deputy, to the Sovereign Pontiff at stated times; and, lastly, to conscientiously administer the property of the Church entrusted to his care. To preserve unity in the Church it is necessary that the bishops bind them selves by an oath of allegiance to the Apostolic See, in the same manner as all the priests of each diocese canonically vow obedience to their bishop. After the oath has been administered the consecrating prelate proceeds to the examination of the faith and morals of the bishop-elect; seventeen questions are put to him which refer partly to the canons of the Church to be observed and partly to the orthodox faith, and to each of these questions the bishop-elect answers either " I will" or " I do believe." This examination takes place in accordance with the injunction of St. Paul to Timothy (i., 5th chap., 22nd verse); "Impose not hands lightly upon any man." The examination over, the Holy Mass begins, and is celebreted together by the consecrating bishop and the bishop-elect to the end of the epistle, when the consecra tion of the bishop-elect commences. The consecrator describes the duties of a bishop in these few but significant words—"It behoves a bishop to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, to confirm." During the chanting of the Litany of the Saints the consecrating bishop kneels before the altar, while the bishop-elect lies prostrate, the meaning of which is that to the fulness of power now to be conferred on him he should endeavor to have in his heart a corresponding fulness of self-sacrificing love. The bishop-elect humbles himself, annihilating his own will to become obe dient unto God even unto death, yea, even to the sbedding of his blood in testimony of his faith and love for Jesus Christ and for. the salvation of immortal souls. For this reason the Church militant and tri umphant unite together in prayer for him who has been chosen by the grace of God to be a bishop. At the end of the Litany all rise, and the bishop-elect kneels again before the consecrating bishop, who places the book of the Gospels open over the neck and shoulders of the elect. This is done to signify that the shoulders denote the power of action, and the Gospel is to be to the elect not only a light to his paths, but the cause of life and vigor in his ways, for then only will he become a faithful keeper and true guardian of the faith committed to his trust. This action of the rite also means that the solemn obligation and holy burden of bearing and announcing the Word of God to the faithful is now imposed upon him. Now; the moment in which the essence of the consecration is conferred has arrived, the time when the matter and form of the Sacrament are united. The consecrating bishop and the assistant bishops each touch andimpose their both hands on the head 6f the elect, saying " Receive thou the Holy Ghost." lien begins the consecra tion preface, during which the top of the head and the hands are annotated with holy chrism, that the power of the Holy Ghost may not only fill his soul, but also outwardly protect him. In this beautiful preface the effects of the Holy Spirit are praised and glorified, as manifested in the types selected from the. Old Testament, for Aaron and his successor^, the high priests,, were likewis@_.anoiated. -This .chrism con sists of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of fjaKscience/in the sijjfhlf pf God,"" and the baglam deputing the/sweet odor of a good n4|ie a^^gsS^en. |^hejjead ig^ and, the hands by reason of their sacred ; functions. jgi^t^ffilligess jflf Mjeteingr "itf giveh to wionSSfds 6f we bishop tnkh to those of the priest, for it is from the bishop that the power of blessing and con secrating emanates and is given to others. The essential portion of the episcopal con secration is now complete, and the new bishop is now replenished with the grace of the Holy Ghost, so that he may be able to fulfil the duties of his high office in a most perfect manner. The sublime dignity which has now been conferred upon the new bishop entails three principal duties or obligations, to which there are three corresponding sacred symbols. First, the crozier is the sign or symbol of his pastoral office, as the shep herd of the flock of Christ. The mystical meaning of this pastoral staff is that since the sceptre is given to a king as the emblem of sovereignty, so the bishop receives the crozier as a symbol of his authority and dignity, of his care and solicitude, and of his power of correction over his flock Secondly, the ring is the symbol of his priestly office. The chief duty of a priest is to offer sacrifice, and the ring signifies the intimate union between the bishop and the Church, his bride. And, indeed, there is no more efficacious means of preserving this holy union symbolized by the ring' than the sacrifice of the Mass, in which the divine victim fills the heart of the bishop with self-sacrificing love. The precious blood of our Lord thus offered on the altar mystically inundates the hearts of the bridegroom and the bride. This union between the bishop and his Church is con sidered so strong that it cannot be broken but by the death of the bishop, or during his life for very grave reasons by Papal dispensation, for example, when a bishop is transferred to another See. Thirdly, the book of the Gospels is the sign of his teaching office, from which spring the duties and rights of the bishop to preserve in the Church and propagate the true faith by preaching, by instruction in the school, and by guarding his flock against whatever may endanger their faith or morals. The newly-consecrated bishop is now greeted by all the bishops present as one of themselves, and receives the kiss of peace from each. The Mass is then continued to the end of the offertory, when the new bishop makes offerings to the consecrator, consisting of two loaves, two vessels of wine, and two wax torches. Bread and wine are the essential, the candles are the mystic representation of the sacrifice which must be made by a bishop. As the bread and wine are changed into the body and blood of our Lord, and offered to the Almighty, so the bishop in union with the holy sacri fice of the Mass, offers a perfect holocaust of his life, which is clearly typified by the burning candles. For as the taper is burnt so must also the life of a bishop be spent for the interest and salvation of his flock. At the communion of the Mass the con secrator, as well as the newly consecrated, partake of the same host and chalice; and after the Ite missa est the consecrating bishop blesses the mitre, which is a cover ing for the bishop's head, and is worn on solemn occasions. Its form is a lofty cap with two peaks, representing the two Testaments, and its symbolic meaning is found in the words of the consecrator as he places the mitre on the newly conse crated, viz., the mitre is to be a helmet of power and salvation to the bishop, who shall be like a light on Sion, firm in his principles, terrible to all enemies of the Gospel, an indefatigable protector of the Apostolic faith. The pectoral cross is also one of the insignia of a bishop. It is worn on the breast suspended from the neck, and re minds the bishop to keep alive within him self the memory of the sufferings of Jesus, in order to be able to overcome the assaults of the devil. The bishop kisses the pec toral cross in putting it on or laying it aside, to express his belief in the death of Jesus Christ on the cross. And because the bishop uses the pectoral cross, he does not wear the stole, as the priest, in the form of a cross, but suspends it on both sides. The exalted mission of the bishop is represented at the end of the Holy Mass by other sublime rites. The consecrator leads the new bishop to his throne, and places the pastoral staff in his hands, and whilst the hymn Te Deum laudamus is chanted the assistant bishops, wearing their mitres, conduct the new bishop through the church to impart his blessing to the people. As Moses, when he had conversed with God, descended from Mount Sinai and came to his people his face all radiant, so the new bishop, after his consecration and his close union with God, makes his appearance be fore his faithful people seated on his throne and armed with spiritual weapons symbolic of his power' to be their leader henceforth in combating the enemies 'of salvation. The conducting of the new bishop through the church reminds him to carefully look after the flock entrusted to him, that no one may be lost, and that he may bring all to the one fold and one shepherd. Each step of his should be like the first he makes from the altar, devoted to the welfare of his people; and each action of his should, as now he raises his consecrated hands for the first time, bring blessings on each and everyone of his flock. The imposing cere mony of the consecration ends with the words Ad multos annos, whereby the new bishop salutes the consecrating prelate, wishing , him many years of. health, and thus expresses his gTatitude towards Mm. 