Tales of the UnexplainaMe. (By Ernest Favenc.) WICKED BENSON. {ONCE knew a ghost,' j said Jim, 'who had the j most disagreeable hab . it of any ghost I ever came across,' 'Whose ghost was — ' it?' . ? Am; mat was me question. Some said one thing, some an other, but, at any rate, it turned out to be wicked Benson's, and this spectre cost tJie owners of the (station a lot of money, for they had to shift the homestead in conse quence of it' 'Wfcat was the objectionable Ihabit?' Used to pull the bedclothes off you at night On a cold night it was very nasty to wake up shivering, and find your blank ets in a heap on the floor. It used to come into the .men's hut after a hard day's -work. when they were all fast asleep, just shout 2 o'clock in the morning, and yell out, 'Now ?then, daylight! Tumble up!' And off would go the blankets right and left. But that was not toy amy meanis the worst of it. Once there was a governess going up to the next station, and they didn't tell her aibout the ghost, for fear of frightening her, so in the middle of the nigQit there was an awful shriek, and, when they rushed in, there was the. poor girl sobbing and crying, vowing that, a man had come in and pulled the. bed- clothes off her, and then she went off into hysterics. Fortunately the super, of that time was a married man, and his wife man aged to calm the girl down, although she never believed that it was a ghost that did it. Then the bank manager's wife, who came out an a visit fi- orn the townslMp, had a like experience, and there was war to the knife over it. At last, the owners determined to shift the homestead, things were getting so unpleas aat, so it was done, and only a few old huts, not worth 'worrying about, were 'left. The ghost must have had a lonely time of it, for his only relaxation was when a chance tra veller came along and camped there for the night. He had great sport once, I believe, when two swaggies camped there, and each one accused the other of pulling the blanket off him, until at last they came to blows. Jlamy a blowhard went there determined to find out all about it, but they aJl failed, until ait last one man succeeded. This is J1UW He LUH1J«1§£*?U. 11. Aitr ^V-1» Oil UI^I^IIMUO fellow with a mechanical turn, and he set to work and fixed up a complicated arrange ment of lanterns — dark lanterns.— with slides that worked easily. And these he connected with thin wire so that, if the lanterns were solidly fixed down, one pull would open the lot He rigged up his machinery in the day time, and then, when night came on, went to bed in the middle of aU his lanterns. Of course lie stayed awake, and about 12 o'clock felt the first tug at his blankets; he pulled his string, and immediately there were bars of light all over the place. 'Here! I say! Hang it, this is not the roles of the game. You've blinded me,' said a voice. 'Ah! ah! my boy,' said the man. 'Come out into the light; let's see who you are?' Now this fellow was a plucky fellow, I know, because I was splitting with his brother once, and his broflier. the one who married long Kelly's sister, he told me a story about him; at least, I think it was about Mm. Anyhow, when lie saw the ob ject that came out into the light, he nearly took to Ms heels. It was a nasty, vicious-looking monkey, with a leer on Min like a wicked old man. However, he pulled himself together, and said, in as sfeady a voice as he could com mand: 'Who the devil are you?' 'Tin old Benson; used to be called 'Wick ed Benson' wtaen I was alive.' 'Wiho, or what, were you when you were alive?' 'You see, it was this way,' said the mon key, stealing out a sneaking paw towards Teddy's T-lankets. 'Stop that,' said Teddy, 'or Til say my prayers.' 'No; don't do that it's only force of habit; I can't help it Mortmayne was my partner on this station — Benson and Mortmayne. He was a young fellow, with some money, who had been knocking about in the East — Malay Perinsula and those places— and I persuaded him to buy a share in this station and settle down, which he did. He had a monkey with him, and, somehow, this monkey took a great fancy to me, and I taught him all manner of tricks.' 'Pulling bedclothes off, for instance,' said Teddy. 'Yes, that was his chief ammiplis'hmeiit ] Mortmayne and I did not agree long. Al though he was a mew-chum, lie soon found out that he had been had — that he had paid double the value of the run — so there was constant quarrelling between us, but just then Mortmayne fell ill. Now, although under pretence of completing some improve ments, I had received and given a receipt for the money, the transfer of Mortmayne's share had never been properly completed, and it struck me that if he died and I found the receipt amongst his papers and destroy ed it, why I owned the whole place again. One day when he was asleep I searched! Ms papers and found my receipt; then I was determined that his illnea? should be fatal. He had malarial fever, and I started the monkey to annoy him, pulling his bedclothes off two or tthree times a night. This, of course, put him into a nervous fever, and he grew rapiuiy worse. ne uegg-?a me u- chain the monkey up, and let him have a night's sleep, but somehow that monkey was always getting loose, and up to his old pranks ait once. He entreated me to send for the doctor, and I pretended to; but tbe doctor was ailwa.ys'^fifty miles away, attend ing to a man with a broken leg, or some thing of that sort I kept all the men away from Mm, and Insisted on nuisinjg him my self, I was so devoted to him. One day I had left him by MmseLf for an hour or two, and when I came in he was gone. I tell you I gave a jump. Poor fellow! he had managed to crawl out, intending, I suppose, to find one of the men and get help, but the exertion had been too much for him, and I found him lying a 'short distance away iu a dead faint I carried him back, tout I could see that bis end was near. Just be fore he died he mustered up enough strength to curse me horribly. He prayed ihajt, after I died, when my time came, I might wander about this place in the shape of a monkey; pulling Uhe 'bedclothes off people, and play ing other impish tricks. Then ihe called one a murderer, and other hard names, and died.) I was in great distress, you may be sure, and called the men in ait once, sent' for the doctor, amd did everything a man should do. - ?? x 'To cut it short, I destroyed the reeeitrt, wrote Jhome to this people, telling them of his death, .and. how sorry I was; forwarded all bis useless -traps, and £5 4s 6d he had on Mm. 'He had no (Mends out here; tout his sister came out to see h3s gmave,.and to look after some money he bad in the bank here. Now, iunfortanatedy for me, tie tad money in the frank wfhieh I knew nothing of, and Giere was enough ~to divert suspicion, for bis folk ?were wealfihy, and did not miss & thousand or two. In fact, I overreached myself, for I should have done better to maik© friends and nursed bim well. ? ? :- ? ? 'I showed bis sister the unsigned transfer,: but somehow she did not seem to Take me, and, as for the monfeey, she refused to fcave anything whatever to do with him. What she said in the township I don't know, but it was then I got the name of 'Wicked Ben son,' and I tell you I tried to deserve it. I shot the monkey onu day. and tit nex: my liorse stumbled and broke my neck. Ever since I've been at this game, and I'm about tired of it. There is, however, one thing can by done that would, release me. If the owners of the station would hunt up the pa^ pei-s, find out the then value of the proper ty, and pay Mortmaynes back half the value I might get a spell from this.' Teddy burst out laughing. 'Well, you are the greenest old ghost I ever came across. Is it likely that they will take that trouble to get rid of two or three thousand pounds for your sake? Their title is not likely to be disputed on the strength of a monkey's ghost. If that's all there is to de pend on, old man, you must enjoy yourself as you are, as best you can.' Wicked Benson looked mournful, but ad mitted the justice of. the remark. 'One thing more,' said Teddy. 'Why did that lisrht racket disturb jrou fo''' 'I'm not ex^ctjy !han-iso:ne vou see, and object to 1-eijig spen, and you fixed it up so that I had to cross the light somewhere to get away.' 'Good night. Benson; don't worry me any more.' and Teddy went to sleep. 'There's no moral in that story, Jim, for Tvhat had the people who were so annoyed ever done to the defunct Mor-tanayne?' 'That's true,' replied Jim. 