P T E M B E R 1% 1896 GHOST L9HE. o w rhe immense number of ghosts to be: found here arises partly from everyone aving four separate souls; three of hese souls expire with life, and only one urvives after death, and it Is not generally held that this survives In a state of Immortality; but when It does survive, it is a great nuisance and a considerable expense to its living relations, more particularly when it Is the soul of the father of a family, tor then It Is a perfect curse to its many widows, and "a very dangerous water-fowl" to their suitors. The other three strictly mortal souls are mainly a cause of apprehension and alarm to their individual owner, but a source of general trouble and expense as welL The study of the ramifications of spiritual beings Is about as complex as that of the genealogy of the Emperor of China, and although not so dull, is far more dangerous; and, as If eel a conviction this study will lead me to an unknown tomb before my book on Fetish, in seventeen volumes, folio size, written mostly in cuneiform or early Welsh—for Eatin every young lady knows nowadays —can come out, I will give you a few rough notes on ghosts properly so-called. There is great trouble in correcting and classifying the spirit fauna of West Africa, .owing to your having to hunt the specimens through the labyrinths of the Ethiopian, with thick-fog-overhung mind, as a German would say. For some time I thought four families would do, each containing, of course, many genera and varieties, not to mention individual i t o l p I g s g freaks, but now I have been obliged to nlarge the number" of families to nine. I will here only refer to the spirits of human origin, and we will first take the conduct of the souls of the living, and classify them. L The soul that survives. 2\. The" bush soul. 3. The dream sotd. Ł The shadow on the path. , ' 1. We will leave this soul out of the affair at present merely remarking that It does not leave the body during life, but it soon withers If its companion souls are taken away from it 2. The bush soxil.—This Is, I think, confined to negroes, and not possessed by Bantu. This soul is always in the form of an animal, never in that of a plant and it is a wild animal In the forest If a man sickens it is because his bush soul Is angry at being neglected, and a witch doctor is called in, who diagnoses the case,' and advises the administration of some kind of sedative. In the shape of an offering, to his bush souL When you walk in the Calabar forests you will see little dwarf huts with these offerings under them. These offerings are put in the place in the forest where your bush soul was last seen. Unfortunately the witch doctor has to be called In to determine the spot (which is expensive, for there is no free medical black advice in Africa); because you cannot see your own bush soul unless you are an "Ebum tup," which Is a rare occurrence. If his offering, acts well on the bush soul you get better, but occasionally the bush soul gives great trouble This arises from the 1 bush soul not knowing that by exposing itself to danger recklessly, It injures Itself, as if you die it dies. A man may be a quiet and respectable citizen, devoted to caution in.his diet etc^ and de- voted to a whole gi-t", yet that same man may have a sadly flighty, disreputable bush soul, which from its recklessness gets itself Injured or killed, and causes yon sickness or death. From this notion regarding the soul arises a good deal of the respect in which old people were held among the Calabar tribes; for, however wicked their record may have been, their longevity demonstrates the possession of a powerful bush soul whom it would be unwise to offend. When the man dies the animal of the soul "can no longs- find ^ good place," and goes mad, rashing wildly to and fro; if it sees a fire,it rashes into it; if it sees a lot of people, it rushes into them, until It gets . Itself killed, and when it is killed — "finish, L Fichault would say The ghosts of what we Europeans call inanimate things also cause inconvenience, and, like most t hings, living or dead, in West Africa, they cause delay. I and my blade companions had once to sit down and -wait two and a half hours at a place on a fairly open forest path, because across it, in front of us, about that time in the afternoon, the ghost of a spear flew, and a touch from it was necessarily fatal. And there is a spring I know of, in the Kacongo district where, when you go to fill your pitcher, you see a very handsome pitcher standing ready filled. Many a lady, seeing no one about to whom the pitcher belongs, has picked this up find left her own; but as soon as she has got it within sight of the village it crumbles into earth, and the water is spilt on the ground. On returning for her own discarded one that Is always found broken. Then there are that very varied and widely diffused set of phenomena connected with living people sending one of their souls into some animal, such as crocodile or leopard, to work vengeance on enemies; but this comes under the head of witchcraft so I will conclude by giving you the description of a peculiar haunt interesting chiefly to me because I heard of it occurring to two people, one a Negro lady, one a Bantu. I give you the Bantu verslon.beca.use heard the details of it in full, immediately. after its ocurrence. She had been down river to the factory, on trade business, and returned home after dark to her house, well satisfied with the results of a day's haggling with the trader. There was a miserably small fire burning in the cook-house, by which her slave girls were trying to cook her evening meal. She blew them up for, not having a larger fire, and they said the wood was wet and would not burn. She said they lied, and Ehe would see to them later on, and went into her living room, treading, on the way there, to some wet on the. ground. "Those goodfor-ńóthing hussies of girls have been spilling some -water," she thoughf &nd; when she got into -her -i<oom she found the hanging palm-oil lamp was toot alight; she sat down on iter wood bed, and found there was a lot of naśtihess there. This was not to he stood ; so, dismissing from her mind the commercial considerations with which it was ftil! when, she came home, she rose up, jond went to the door and called tor "Ingimlna" and others in a state of high rage. She Is a notable .housewife, and keeps her house exceedingly neat and clean, and her slaves in good order: so these young ladies -came "one time," and cuffing their heads, she.asked them how they aared forget to . light her lamp; , they swore they had lit it, but It must have gone -out like all the cither lamps had, afterłraming down and spluttering. They had been sitting round the fire, and not* bothering aboot it tili she came in. So she whacked end pulled the ears of an she could—pBhe is not very active, weighing, I iXaacy, veome sixteen stone—and , then tehe went to her room and got out her beautiful English,paraffin lamp, bringing It ont to the sizzling fire to llght lt ^clth a bit of bnn&ng; ®ack, whlidj, when she 31fted It -up. Ehe found coaied with - the danip. stiefcy stuff she liaiS got totob<aore.an4It smelt tó the^eahie Jaiiit Emeli she hajd ńoUoed ijttwas, • .V";; . "i^t^lnieir n the lintel- She herself was smeared ith it having come in contact with iti n the dark. She picked a plate up off he shelf, and Its Impression was there n the shelf in a rim of the blood. She ooked In her skillet—more there. The alm- oil in the lamps had got a film of t floating on top of the oil, and investigation ot the whole of the rest of the house demonstrated that things were imilarly afflicted throughout The slave were utterly scared when the light showed with what they had been surrounded. Their mistress called In some Influential friends and relations ; they could make nothing out of it. but they said they thought something must be going to happen, and suggested, in the kind, helpful cheerful way friends and relations, have in such matters, that they should fancy it was a prophecy that she was going to die without shedding blood,and that this was the blood come before. This view irritated her, as she' is an uncommonly commonsense woman, so she sent them about their business, and started the slaves house-cleaning. The blood, she said, cleaned up all right bat re-appeared as soon as you left off. She clfeaned on, however, until about 10 a.m.. "before noontime," when it' gradually faded off, but the r/nell remained about the bouse for days.— "CornhiU." 