NEWS AND NOTES, MAIL FOR THE EASTERN COLONIES.--A mail will be made up as the G.P.O. to-day, for the Eastern colonies, closing at 1.45 p.m. SOCIAL AT CLAREMONT.--A social gather- ing will take place at the Claremont School on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock, lo welcome the Bev. D. Howell- Griffiths, who has been appointed the resident clergyman of the Anglican Church in that suburb. " DICK TURPIN."-The Gaiety Company is announced to produce tho burlesque of "Dick Turpin " at the Fremantle Town Hall to-morrow night, and again on Mon- day night. NAVY LEAGUE.--It is proposed to form a West Australian branch of this society. Persons interested m upholding England's supremacy on the sea are invited to as- semble in the conuniltce-room of the Legis- lative Assembly on Tuesday next, the Sth inal., at 3 p.m. ALLEGED EXTENSIVE K03BERV.-Mr. Gr. Lovett, the proprietor of the dining room in Haim&ns-slrcal;, Kalgoorlie), íe ported to the local police on November 30 that a portmanteau containing .£3,000 worth of scrip had been stolen from his premises. The numbers aro knorrn, and transfer has been stopped. The police appear to be reticent with regard to giving information to ths Press in connection with these robberies. THE MINING REGULATIONS.--Lately very much has boen said with regard to the foiling off in the English interest in onr mines, o^ing to the difficulties that lessees ave subject lo under the present mining regulations. So many representations have been made in the colony on the subject, that the Government are now considering the whole matter with a view to placing lessees on a surer and more satisfactory footing. . THE CITY COUNCIL STATISTICS.--The statistics for the year 1897, prepared by officers of the City Council, and placed be- fore the late adjourned meeting of rate- payers--the accuracy of which was ques- tioned at the meering--are now, we under- stand, being examined by the various com- mittees, and in some cases amended. Though the matter may be mentioned at to-day's meeting of the council, it is pro- bable that a special meeting will be called to finally deal with the figures. NEW FORWARDING GOODS SHED.--We understand that the tender of Mr. James Wilson for the construction of the new goods shed at the Perth railway station yard has been accepted by the Railway Department. The amount of Mr. Wilson's tender is £2,301 1s. 4d. The goods shed is to be built of wood, and will adjoin the present bonded store. It will be 176ft. x 65ft. 6in. in extent, and a line of rails will be laid down through the building. The work will be put in hand as soon as possible. SUPPOSED ATTEMPTED BUBGLAP.T.-Tho police received information yesterday that the Waterworks . Office in St. George's terrace had been broken into during the previous night. It seems that when those employed there came into the office yes- terday morning they found drawers lying open with the contents turned out on the floor, and other indications of an attempted robbery. After a search, however, it was discovered that nothing but a few postage stamps were missing, and it is surmised that the burglars were disturbed before they were able to complete their work. ACCIDENT IN WELLINGTON-STREET.--Late on Wednesday night a man named Joseph Cahill, whilst walking along Wellington- street, was run over by a cab. He was immediately conveyed to the hospital and admitted by Dr. Spencer, who found that he was suffering from a wound on the left groin and also from internal injuries. Cahill arrived in the city from York a short time before the accident, and was staying at Mrs. Loch's residence. Gallops' Gardens. He was reported last night to be considerably better, and his ultimate recovery is expected. VICTORIA PARK.-The members of the Church of the Transfiguration, Victoria Park, are very anxious to wipe off some of their liabilities, and are confidently appeal- ing to church people generally to help them to do so by contributing either gifts or money. It is hoped that the Christmas Tree and sale of sifts which the congre- gation are organising will represent many offering, and it is intended, if possible, to present the amount realised on Christmas Day. Gifts should be sent either to the Eev. D. J. Garland, or Mr. E. H. Myerson, hon. sec, "Victoria Park. TE OLDE ENGLISHE FATP.E.-The suc- cess of " Ye Olde Englishe Fayre," as far as attendance is concerned, continues un- abated. Last evening a large number of people witnessed the entertainment. Every performer was encored, and the programme presented by the management evidently gave satisfaction to the majority of those present The Cinématographe is in itself very entertaining, and although the pictures shown are principally confined to the music hall type, the method of their production is sufficient to interest spec- tators. As a wliole the performance passed off with as much success as hitherto. ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR THE RAILWAYS. A suggestion has been made to the Rail- way Department for the lighting of the railway system between Fremantle and Perth by means of the electric light. Some time ago it was announced that the electric light would be installed at the Perth and Fremantle stations; but the latest idea, we understand, is to utilise that means of illumination at the intermediate stations as well. The question of lighting the intermediate stations with electric light is now being considered, as well as the desirableness of extending the system to the station and the new workshops at Midland Junction. CHRISTMAS MEDLEY.--The Christmas Medley which will be held next week in the Town-hall, under the management of the ladies of Wesdey Church, will be something quite novel in the order and style of the arrangements. The stalls will be of unique and uniform design, prepared and executed by Mr. W. Carty, of Dublin, and will, when erected, give a picturesque representation of a Queen Anne Village Fair.' The draperies of the stalls selected and arranged by Mr. E. J. Bickford will represent the house coloura of the Vice Begal residences of the Governors of Aus- tralia. Tho opening ceremony take3 place next Tuesday afternoon, and will be per- formed by His Excellency tho Governor and Lad* Smith, "THE MEDLET GAZETTE."-Wo have re- ceived a copy of " The Medley Gazette," a little journal which is published .in the interests of the Christmas Medley which is to be opened in the Perth Town Hall ¡on Tuesday next by His Excellency the Gover« nor. "The Medley," it should be stated, is a conception of the ladies of Wesley Church for assisting the trustees to reducá the church debt incurred in connection with recent improvements. FIBST CIVIL COURT.-Tho November sitting of the Civil Court was resumed yes- terday before the Chief Justice, when tho adjourned hearing of an action taken by E. C. B. Locke, against^Gerald Acione, claiming J3100 damages for trespass and certain injunctions, was concluded. The case was a somewhat intricate one, a con- siderable amount of evidence being neqes sary for the settlement of a question in respect to tho boundary of the land in dispute. The case Usted all day, and at 4 o'clock His JETonour gave a veidict for the defendant, with costs. The Court then adjourned nntil t«-da.y, a divorce'e*se Bateson *. Bateson-being the only remain- ing, business of the sitting. BAPTIST UNION OP WESTERN AUS- TRALIA.-On the 2nd insfc. a meeting was held at the rooms of Mr. Veryard, Hay street, for the purpose of forming a nnion of the Baptist Churches of AVestern Aus- tralia. There was a large attendance of dslegate3 from Perth, Fremantle. Bays- water, Geraldton, and Katanning. The officers elected for the ensuing year were as follows :-President, Rev. A. S. Wilson ; vice-president, Mr. H. S. Ainsworth ; trea- surer, Mr. G. H. Cargeeg ; secretary, Mr. J. W. Jaques. G.U.O.O.F. ODDFELLOWSHIP.-A branch of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows will be opened at Claremont this evening at 8 p m. in the Congregational Hall, Fre mantle-road. Dr. Hodge has been ap- pointed the medical officer to the lodge, and it is expected that a great many of the young men in Claremont will join the society. Already some twenty-five have handed in their names to the secretary. Although this order has only been estab- lished in the colony a little over twelve months it has now four lodges in existence, and a membership of some 250 members. CHKISTÏIAS TEEE AT GUILDFORD.-As will be S9en from au advertisement else- where, the Weslejan body in Guildford are holding a Christmas Tree Entertain- ment on the Royal Agricultural Show Grounds .this evening.. The tree lia3 been orected in the Society's Hall, whera -the entertainment is also to be hsld. 'The programme includes a cantata for children, an exhibition of physical drill, and a numbsr of songs. Refreshments inajçbe obtained m the adjoining booth. The pro- ceeds of the entertainment will be given to the AVisleyan Church T.nst Fund, The entertainment will be opened at half past 7 o'clock by Mr. It. D. Hardey, ^nd the price of admission will b¿ ena shilling. GOLD EXPORT FOB NOVEMBER.--The re turn supplied by the Collector of Customs of gold entered for export during the month of November shows that a total weight cf 30,874oz. 7dwts. 12grs. was ex- ported, as compared with 27,331oz. 2dwia 13grs. entered for export in October, an increase for November of 3543oz. 4dwts. 23grs. East Coolgaidie heads the list with 10,208oz. 6dwts. 7grs., Murchison con- tributing 6077oz. 18dws. 3grs., and North Coolgardie; 5434oz. 19dwts. Coolgardie proper sends 4413ozs. l0grs. These are the larger figures in the return. The total value of the export of gold for No- vember was £117,022 12s. 6d., as compared with £103,858 for the preceding month, and with £58,929 for the corresponding month of the preceding year. PUBLIC WORKS TENDERS.--Tenders for the following works will close,on the date named:-Mount Hamersley police quar- ters, a wood and iron building, to I he erected on the Boebourae tablelands,'on the, 22nd inst. ; road bridge over Medulla Brook, three-quarters of a mile from Jarrahdale, and consisting of three spans of 15ft. each, on the 15th inst. ; hospital at Crawley and Denzil- strects, Onflow, on the 8th inst. ; water service tank at Menzies, on flth January; hospital and medical quarters on Bohemia-straet,Marble Bar, on the Sth inst. ; school and quarters at Moran and Leslie streets, Bardoc, on the 22nd inst.; and Customs office .,oA Esperance, on the loth inst. .j . ARRIVALS AND DEPARTURES AT SEA, Notwithstanding the large exodus of people from the colony last month, there has been a net increase to the population by arrivals from oversea ports or 1,577 persons. The total arrivals at all ports of the colony number 4,888, as compared with 6,122 in October, while the departures number 3,311, as against 2,218 in the previous month. The detailed returns for Novem- ber are as follows :--Arrivals. Adults, 3,552 males, 669 female ; children, 318 males, 267 females ; infants, 52 males, 30 females. Departures : Adults, 2,939 males, 247 females ; children, 55 males, 53 females ; infants, 8 males, 7 females. In- cluded in the arrivals are 56 Chinese and 96 other Asiatics, while only 4 Chinese have left the colony and no other Asiatics. EXPERIMENTS IN lloRiNG.^-ltecenlly, it order to place beyond ordinary doubt .th« existence or otherwise of artesian or other plentiful supplies of water at Coolgardie, the Government directed that a bore ba put down in the district. This work ibas been in hand for some time. .The bore has now reached a depth of 475ft., and is in solid granite. From the nature of the stratum in which the bore isjaow working it is believed that there is little likelihood of water being tapped. Mr. Hector, of th» section of the Public Works Department which deals with water supply on the goldfields, has been despatched lo. ¿ha Coolgardie goldfields with orders to in- spect. It is probable that a new site ,fop the operation of the boring plant will ba selected in the vicinity ot. the more.im-, portant mines at Kalgoorlie. THE LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY.—A moderate attendance assembled at the Johnston Memorial Congregational Church, Fremantle, last evening, the occasion being a lecture by the Kev. Jos. King, descriptive of the work of the London Missionary Society. The Rev. F. W. Turton presided, and briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. King traced the history of the society since its inception, and gave an eloquent description of the initial difficulties and subsequent triumph in spreading know- ledge of Christianity in heathen lands. Twenty-one vessels had been employed in missionary work during the last 100 years. The lecturer gave an interesting sketch of the history of each. A centenary demon- stration will be held to- night at the Con- gregational Church, Fremantle, when the chair will be taken by Mr. J. J. Higham, M.L.A., and the Revs. W. A. Potts, W. T. Kench, Mr. Watt, and Jos. King will address the meeting. MURDER AT FREMANTLE.—A shocking tragedy occurred at Fremantle yesterday. A few minutes after noon an Afghan named Jumna Khan seized an axe from a shop door in High-street and ran amok. A man named William Griffiths, who was leaning up against a verandah post, was felled to the ground. The blow, which smashed in his skull, killed him almost instantane- ously. Another man named Thomas Hen- derson was also severely injured before the murderer was secured and disarmed. When searched at the lock-up the sum of £22 9s. 1d. was found in the Afghan's possession. During the last day or two Jumna Khan had attracted much attention by his eccentric behaviour in the public streets, and prior to making his murderous attack, it is stated that he endeavoured to procure a loaded revolver from two shops, but without success. He will be brought be- fore the local police court this morning on a charge of wilful murder. An inquest on the body of Griffiths will be opened by the Coroner, Dr. Lovegrove, at 2.30 p.m. to- day. THE LEEUWIN LIGHTHOUSE.—The Pre- mier, the Commissioner of Railways, and other members of the Parliamentary psrey who purpose vigiting the lighthouse.it tlia Leeuwin on the occasion of the opening ceremony, will leave Terth in a speen" train on the evening of the 8th inst. (Tuesday next). Busselton will be reagiert on the following morning, and breakfast will there be provided. The party will lunch at the Margaret Uiver, and thoy w.ll arrive at Karridale on the evening of tha same day (Wednesday). The ceremony oc installing the light will take plac« on t¡>o next day (Thursday, the 10th inrt.) Oa Friday an opportunity will be afforded tho visitors of seeing tho various objects of intact ia *?""> aíítr¡"í;;iTidtkc¿pr.ly -ril| return to Busselton on Saturday, the 12th, The return special from Busselton for* Perth will leave the foi mer station on-. Saturday e/Tening, and tho city will be reached on Sunday morning, the 13th instant. CHURCH OF ENGLAND CHANGES.-The Bev. E. M. Collick, rector of Coolgardie, lias at his own wish, been appointed to open up work at Menzies. The Bev. F. J. Barton-Parkes (Balliol College, Oxford) las been appointed rector of Coolgardie, by the Bishop of Perth. Mr. Par ton-Parkes lias had considerable experience in colonial work, and is at present vicar at Charters Towers, in Northern Queensland, a large minina centre, containing a population of some 20,000 people. He is reputed to be both a good preacher and an excellent organiser. Mr. Barton-Parkes has held four appointments since his ordination in 1881, all of which were of an important nature. Mr. Collick, on íetuming ftom his holiday, will go to Coolgardie, where he will remain until Mr. Barton-Parkes arrives. The Bev. B. Howell-Griffiths commences duty at Claremont on Sunday, Active steps are being taken for ' the formation of parishes at Clarement and Victoria Park. VICTORIA PARK BOADS BOARD.-A meet- ing of the Victoria Park Boads Board was held in the local schoolroom on Wednes- day evening. There were present-The Bev. D. J. Garland (chairman), Messrs. Burton and Fairbrother and the secretary (Mr. R.G. Jennings ) It was decided to postpone any work not urgently needed owing to the resignation o' Mr. Faulkner, through departure from the district, and of Mr. James Grave. It was resolved to make application to the Metropolitan Water Board asking for water to be laid on In the district, through which the main passed. The establishment of a post and telegraph office was considered, and it was decided that it was not yet needed by the locality. The arrears of rates being re- ported by the secretary, the chairman, in íeply to Mr. Burton, said that during the present secretary's term of office, extend- ing over the la=it nine months, over four times the amount of rates had been col- lected that had been got in during the preceding twelve months. Mr. Burton resigned from the board. CREMORNE GARDENS.-The audience at this popular resort last evening was as large and al appreciative as on previous nights. Of the many very excellent num- bers,'vocal and instrumental, on tho pro- gramme, Miss Nagel's and Miss Johnson's songs, Mr. Grant's coster song, and the " Christmas Bells " selection by the orchestra received most favourable re- cognition. To-night is advertised as the second " Friday fasliionable night," and a special programme is lo be presentad. Miss Nagel will sing "Darby and Joan" and " Promise of Lifo " (Cowau) ; Miss John- son "A May Morning" and "The Wood Nymph's Call," and Mr. Neilson is lo sing " A Romany Lass," in addition to singing a duet with Miss Nagel. Two " first appear- ances" will form another athaction to ^ night. Mr. Hosea Easton is to make his bow to Cremorne audiences, being pro- grammed to render his refined banjo solos, while Signor Cbescina, the only double bass soloist in the colonies, will play airs from "La Somnámbula." The orchestral selections will be from "Boberto le Diavolo," "Olivette," and the Zingara waltz. Mr. Harrison's 'cello solo, Schubert's "Ave Maria," is another feature of the special programme. Seats may be reserved at Nicholson's. CONVALESCENT HOME BAZAAR.-The an- nual sale of gifts in connection with the Ministering Children's League Convales- cent Home was concluded in the Perth Town Hall last night. During the after- noon and evening a good business was done. The proceeds cannot yet be named, but the amount taken on Wednesday was £22, and a special donation of .£5 was re- ceived yesterday. In the evening an admirable concert programme, arranged by Miss Peet, was gone through. In the first half Miss Peet's Victoria School pupils gave a series of songs, recitations, and choruses, the little people performing won- derfully well. The action song entitled "The Bailway Train and my Dolly" was especially good. Miss Euby Digney, aged about eight years, îecited a portion of the "Lady of Lyons'' so -nell that she was encored. Miss Peet had gone to a lot of trouble to train the children, and her efforts were well rewarded by the successes they achieved. In the second half oE the programme songs and recitations were given by Miss Nicholson, Miss Fletcher, And Messrs. Mendoza, McQueen, Maggs, «id Hudson. The attendance during th9 two days of the fair was not so large as was expected ; but every addition to the funds of the Convalescent Home is of especial valne at the present juncture. STATION IMPROVEMENTS ON THE FRE- MANTLE LINE.--Tenders are now being in- vited, and will be received up to the 8th inst., for the construction of stations at Subiaco and North Fremantle as a first step towards the provision of suitable station facilities on the railway line be- tween Perth and Fremantle. The new stations at the intermediate stopping places between the port and the city will all be carried out on very similar lines. The old structures are to be pulled down, and the new buildings, which will be of wood, will be of an imposing kind in comparison with the old ones. The present platforms will be extended to make a total length of 400 feet, and an island platform of similar length will also be pro- vided. The new station premises will include a stationmasters office, 12ft. x 11ft. 3in.; a gentlemen's waiting room, 13ft. x 12ft.; a ladies' waiting room, 14ft. x 12ft ; a porters' room, 17ft. x 10ft.; an instrument room, 12ft. x 8ft; a parcels room, 12ft. x 11ft. 9in ; a ticket office, 14ft. 6in. x 12ft.; and a ticket hall, 17ft. x 12ft. 6in. There will be an imposing entrance through the double doors into the ticket hall, and each station will be provided with a couple of ticket windows. On the island platform there will be a roomy shelter shed, containing both ladies' and gentlemen's waiting rooms. The length of this building will be 58ft. 8 ¼ in, A goods shed, 75ft. x 42ft., an out- side loading platform, and an overhead foot-bridge, will also be built at each station. The foot-bridges are to be con- structed to an ornamental design. SUBIACO LOCAL BOARD OF HEALTH. The ordinary meeting of this body took place on Tuesday evenmg last at the chair- man's residence, Barker-road. The members present were Mr. H. Doyle (chairman), and Messrs. Grace, Lawrence, and Lake. Accounts to the amount of £9 15s. 4d. were passed. The chairman reported that he and the secretary had that day waited upon the health committee of the Perth City Council by appointment, and that it had been agreed that the committee would recommend to the City Council that that body should undertake the formation of tent encampments on tho commona«*« and erect latrines, receiving rental for the same from the occupiers of the tonts, but that the inspection should be carried out by the officers of the Subiaco Board, and that the contractor for Subiaco should do the work, the City Council paying him out of the receipts for rent. This arrangement was thought satisfactory. An apology was read freni the Boads Board for the manner in which the Board of Health had been entirely overlooked in the matter of the deputation to the Government regarding the question of water supply. The Board of Health had invited the Boads Board to co-operate, but through some oversight the latter body had acted single-handed in the matter. The secretary was directed to write to the doctors practising in Subiaco, warning them that it was then* duty to at once notify the board if any case of typhoid had come under their treatment. The rules for governing the business of the board were confirmed. The secretary was directed lo apply for the use of the Govern- ment school tor meeting purposes. ANNUAL ELECTORAL BOLLS.-It is not, perhaps, worth while as a rule to notice the constant misrepresentations indulged in by the morning issue of our contem- porary, but a statement appearing yester- day calls for some correction. Our con- temporary staled as follows :-" From a paragraph which appeared in our morning contemporary of Tuesday the public was led lo believe that the new electoral lists would not come into operation until July 1, and that, consequently, all those people who had been put on the lists during the past few months would not have a voto at the coming elections. Tho Principal TJnder-Secretary, when spoken to ou the subject yesterday, said that it was.only the annual electoral rolls.that would' not come into force until July 1. The quarterly supplementary lists were> established to meet a case such as the present, and all those people whose names had been placed on these lists would as- suredly be able to exercise their franchise at the forthcoming elections. The people who were placed on the next April list would even be entitled to vote. The sup- plementary rolls came into force as soon as they were made." The paragraph re- ferred to by our contemporary deals with the preparation of the annual rolls, and in doing so care was taken to make the same distinction be- tween the lists, which may be called the elements of the rolls, and the rolls themselves, a distinction which is observed in the Act. Nothing whatever was said to lead anyone to believe that the quarterly rolls would not come into ope- ration before July 1. And, finally, the last jiaragraph but one, stated with refer- ence to the " lists"-not the rolls, which aro different-as follows:-"From these lists so adjudicated upon the annual elec- toral rolls for the different districts and provinces are made up, and the latter come into force on the 1st of July and con- tinue in force till the 30th of June of the following year." PROFESSOR DAVIS'S FANTASTIQUES. - Professor W. A. Davis opens in the Perth Town Hall to-night in an entertainment calculated to arrest the attention as much as the title does. He indulges in what he terms "Fantastiques" and "Bosicrucian pscychomancy." Mr. Davis raises ghosts. He is careful to explain that he does so by trickery, and not by uncanny means. Last night he gave an exhibition of his power to cause " spooks " to appear, selecting the dining- room of the Shamrock Hotel as the theatre of his operations. Several people had been invited to attend, and from them a committee consisting of the Bev. Father Kelly, and Messrs. Barlee and Cann were selected to tie ropos, apply =ealing-wax to knots, and keep away confederates. Mr. Davis was tied with unpleasant tightness by the wrists, behind his back, and was placed in a black calico sack which was drawn tight round his neck and then sewn np and sealed. He was also tied to a chair and placed within a curtained "cabinet." A lighled candle was left to illumine the scene. A committeeman held a rope which was around tho piofessor's neck, but no -sooner were the curtains of the cabinet drawn than tambourines and bells wove heard and came flving over the top of tho enclosure. Mb. Davies then de- clared that he would produce facsimiles of "Cissie," "Geordie,"' and "Josephine," the well-known spirits who figured in the Mrs. Mellon spirit seances in Sydney. Sure enough he did so. The wraith of " Cissy," the child which Mrs. Mellon used to feed on chocolate-creams, appeared in the diningroom of the Shamrock Hotel, but as no chocolate-creams wore forthcoming, she declared her intention of returning to Mrs. Mellon. Eventually Mr. Davis stepped from the shelter of the cabinet" (around which a committeeman had been parading the whole time on the watch for confederates) entirely free of ropes and bags. Then he re-entered and rctied him- self, keeping a bell ringing the whole time time the operation was going on. Yet the committeemen declared that their knots and seals were intact. The peformer was loudly applauded, and received a vote of thanks. The programme to-night does not consist solely ot " spook- raising," but also includes many other interesting features. 