APPARITIONS SEEN IN FRANCE; INVESTIQATIONS. "Tlio devil Is abroad In France!" Vhl» Ls now tlu? cry throughout tlu? length flihl breadth of Unit country. Never , within the memory of man has there Ik?vii such a scare; never lurve mere li«in so many bUKMbeurdHiig stories of awful, 8uj>oniutur.il apparitions. From tli(9o storU-s one would Imagine that the whole Infcrtml host and a lit- MHou'nr two of eolo.sriuJ iingels had broken loose. We hear of IU'lial. of Afihtoreth, of AjMillyon. of several other uncanny and nwhwlnible demons. We hear, ft), of sylphs, of shapeless mon sters like ineuhi. of pallid ghosts, of liery serpents, and of a marvellous woman, who Is supposed to he the Vir gin Mtiry. Or soi'eerers, too. and their BtratiKC doings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made their Hrst upixunuico at Tilly sur- Seulle,. AH Europe heard of and marvelled at these apparitions, and Anally they caused so much stir that the Trench Society of Psychical Sciences started an Investigation. Abbe Brettes went to Tilly, sjK?nt sev eral days there, and finally returned and made his rejMUt. Here Is what this churchman and scIenUst says:— "I am absolutely couvlnccd that ap paritions were really seen at Tilly. I. have obtained all possible testimony on the subject, uud the proofs tlmt the apparitions wen? genuine uri? in contestable. Legends and traditions show that this region has been always haunted, A well known government ofUclnl, It Is suld, saw Uie Virgin Mary one evening wreathed lu Haines, Ap- parlUous began to appear on March IS, uud since then they have appeared several Umes daily. The school chil dren wen? the Hrst to see the? Virgin Mary, nttd they spread the story everywhere, the result being that im mense crowds bnvu been coming to Tilly, as many us 18,000 urrlvlug on ouq single day. MANY WITNESSES EXAMINED. "During my investigation I examin ed more .than 11 ft eon hundred witnes ses, among whom wen? representatives of uli classes and of all ways of thluk- Ing— maglsLnitos, teacliers, believers, and unbelievers. I closely questioned them all, uud they totd urn the same story. My conclusion Is tlmt we can not dispute this uvldencc. The HUper- natural certainly exists, and defies ma- terfnllsm and free thought. These phe nomena appear to be both divine and diabolical. If lliov cnmmt iu> tmtti n? the same time, then the dinlHjIlttil in- flueuce preponderates, for, while un angel of darkness can aHsiime the up- peurauce of an angel of light, an angel of light never assumes the guise of lin angel of durkmm "1 am convinced, that If the spot where these apparitions have appeared Is thoroughly dug. we shall discover the rulus of n chapel or a convent, or of some monument dedicated to the .Virgin, In conclusion, lot ine'suy that we should not bo surprised at the fre quent appearances of superimltinil phenomena In these days. Such phe nomena have appeared at all times, but persons puld no intention to them. To- day .we art? at the height ofthe re action against free thought ; the psy chical sciences have made great pro- greas and have greatly helped to arouse the attention of the men and women Who have for some. time boon shaken in the faith of their childhood, and are now coming hack to honest i>eUof after on era of doubt. The history of the world Is full of such reactions." A llttlo girl mimed Polinlere has al ready seen the apparition of the Virgin thirty times' nt Tilly, nnd touching is her description of the manner In which uhe feels herself Impelled by some mys terious force to remain ever near Uie spot where the wondrous vision ap pears. Sometimes, lu plucc of the Vir gin, appears chapels, statues, angels, and globes of lire. Out of the ground they poem to come. enveloped In a cloud, which gradually disappears,, only to m- main ugnin after the vision has fully manifested Itself. On Ascenslou Day two hundrud witnesses say they saw a rosy cloud, while eighty say they saw a Calvary and sixty a cross. Some young persons, who tried to piny on the credulity of the pilgrims, found them- aolves hunted by three-fiery .bullets, at which they tired their revolvers In vnJn. Others say Uiey have seen headless, bloody phautomH and have heard invis ible bells ringing; niiy, one day a lion, devouring his prey, Is said to have ap peared to a, large uumhnr of persons, among them being a child, who was nearly frightened to death. AN EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT. Rut here Is u yet more extraordinary incident. On the robe lu which one of the latest apparitions of the Virgin was clothed were written four letters. Marie Lnlne, who saw this vision, docs not know how to read. She asked some one to show her an alphabet, which being done, she straightway poluted out the letters that she had aeon on the Virgin's robe. They wore the letters U. S. P. Q, What could they mean? This was the question everyone asked. Among the others Abbe Brettes was puzzled until he re- tnrned to Purls, for there he foumLa letter from Caon, saying that the hid den moaning of thorn? letters hud been revenlod to a child lit a ilraani. . They are the first four letters of the four Latin words, " TJnum sacelluni plum quueso," the meaning of which Is, "I a m looking for a holy chapel." The child who made this discovery kuows no Latin any more thnu Marie Lalne. who first saw the letters, knows how to rend. ' The savor of dlnlmllsm about this extraordinary phenomenon lms caused widespread awe, which Is Intensified by the Inexplicable conduct of a strange woman who has been at Tilly for some clays. Hhi? Is clothed entirely. In htaek. for which reason she is known fiirnnd wide as "the black woman," and rumor 1ms It that she sees most terrible sights. A pitiful sight she Is, so much cloos she Boom to suffer. On her forehead arc ever great bends of perspiration, iter eyes arc rod with weeping, and »t times Iter whole face is convulsed as though with- horror nt some diabolical vision. Aids Brettes questioned her as to her trouble, and she confessed to him that she was constantly In-set with visions of Legion, who, lie it known. Is a most potent demon. She Iwgged the nhhc to free her from her tormentor, a request Which the abbe, though entirely willing, was unable to grunt, as Legion, with demoniac persistency, declined to show himself while the abbe was present. So "tin? Mack woman" sill! weeps. ami shudders !u the grip of the hideous demon, TIIH SOCIETY'S CONCLUSION. Taking all these alleged facts Into consideration, the Society of Psychical Sciences arrived nt the following con clusions:— | 1\. The supernatural, as manifested at Tilly, bids dcllnuco to all the laws of tnaterlnlLsm. li. Certain facts, but only those wldcli Imvo been clearly proven, seem to Ikj of divine origin; others lielniy their, ritu- Im>II«i1 origin. Therefore we must iwl- tult cither than Tilly Is the ground on which n battle Is being fought lietwcen the divine supernatural, and the dlal>ot- Jcal siiporiuitunil. or that, all the phenomena, of which we have sjioken, are the result of a demoniac Influence. I. Finally, our practical conclusion Is this:— That It Is necessary to nmkc c?x- csiva tlons In the place where the appari tions have npiHiircfl, bo It Is likely that thus we.ntay obtain valuable elements of Information. This Is certainly a practical conclu sion, and many are wondering whether " the black woman's " frame of mind will change after the umgicul ground at Tilly has boon thoroughly dug up. Tew think It will, "for she Is truly |>os- scKsud," say thej\ "Did she? not say a lady who was -Imploring the Virgin on behalf of her sick child:— 'Unhappy one. what are you doing here? Go away at once. Your child will not Is cured.' Twelve tapers wen burning at. a little distance from her. five of which had been placed there by (he mother of the sick child. As 'tin? black woman' spoke a great black-winged butterfly flew among the tnpcfu and extinguished the live, the very five placed then by the mournful mother. They wen? re-lit, but the mouster butterfly appeared again and extinguished them ouce more." Very' strange all this, but not more straiige thnti the story of the haunted house at Vnlence-en-Brle. This house has .been, the . theatrq of Inexplicable 'Bounds,' 'most mystifying being a voice, the owner of which has hitherto eluded all human eyes. Tor seventwn days this mysterious voice has licen milking itself heurd throughout I he house, now hiHultliig. now terrifying, now pleading. Policemen have tried to find the owner, and the weird voice has laughed them to scorn. .Dr. Pate, the family physi cian, has Investigated, and the taunt ing voice has covered hint with contu mely. Turnlture has iHfCtt smashed by thi? Invisible destroyer, nnd after one wreck 'of this kind the voice shouted maliciously;— "Hurrah, I am doing good work; I am content with myself!" A curious explanation of this mys tery has Just been offered, Isabelle Pel- lettler, the servant In this house, oc cupied, It appears, two situations be fore her present one, and In each of them occurred phenomena somewhat resembling those now occurring In the haunted house. These phenomena, too. It Is said, only occurred in her presence liinrknblc fact tlmt in every so-cullcd haunted house there Is wild to be either a sensitive young girl or some man who Is suffering from a nervous malady. The theory Is. tluit the strange pheno mena that occur in such houses nre due to the presence of men with diseased nerves, or, which Is far more often the case, of high strung young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M. de Rochns nud of Dr. Rnraduc prove that man Is itossessed of a tlukl envelope, which, lu Its normal state, is Impalpable nud Invisible, hut which under knowu con ditions can leave the Isxly nnd become materialised, after which it Impreg nates Inert IkkIIch to such nit extent us to communicate to them a sort of life, in the case of some persons certain cfllitvla escape from this fluid lit tlio form of waves, becoming more Intense wheu Uie subject Is iu direct contuct with the grbuud, without the Interposi tion of IsoIaUug sntatnnccs. Dr. Borodnc has especially shown, by tm?ann of photography, tlmt the phenomenon of aspiration and expiration Is mani fested by the cosmic substances .with which this envelope Is nourished. SOME PLAUSIBLE THEORIES. Knowing ho much, and whether wc believe Umt living visible beings are the only lx?lngs on this earUi, or that there arc also oUier invisible iHjlngs, such as angels, demons or Incubl, two plausible explanations can be given of the phenomena occurring at the haunt ed house at Valeiice-eii-Brle. .One is Hint, the subject Impregnates with the vital fluid whatever objects be approaches. These objects, then, in a sense lxeoum extensions or prolonga tions, of his body, and when he moves from one plucc to another they move with lilm. It Ik. possible, too, that the simple contact of an object clmrged with opposing electricity uuiy bring about a returning current which will cuuso objects to change their jwslMons. The sumshlng;or furniture, then, could be 'explained .by a violent electric shock.' But we caunot In this way explain the presence of the mysterious voice, for, in order to produce this n mater ialisation of the organs necessary, for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. . The second explanation is very simple and will cause many U> smile. The ques tion is. Muy not a spirit at timus obtain possession of this vital force after it has escaped from the human body/and may it not then model ft and materialise It ahd.iiso.lt. for his own purposes? Tlie KabballHts and modern occultists lie- lloveln the existence of elementary de mons;, ami clulm that tliey people the elements, among such demons l>el»g sylplis, gnomes, undines, Incubl anil salamanders, some wandering through space and endeavoring to become In- eurimtod, others lielng incarnated, which hitter are vicious and Imperfect men. Occultists, too, believe lu the ex istence: of tltidlc plinntoins, known to the - ancients as larvas and lemurs, which love the steam of shed blood, and which Ilea .Imfore the edge of a sword. Only by dividing them can such lluidle coagiilutlons be ilestroycd. Dr. Burudue liolds tlmt these plmu- toms nre monstrous productions, with out body or soul, nnd thai tlu?y can bo attrnctud by certain Invnlhls, who aro lu fatal syinpniiiy with them, ami who thus enable them" to dnig'out for a longer or shorter Ume a fictitious exis tence at their expense. They are, lib it were, supplementary Instruments of the Invalids' Instinctive will, their aim lielng never to cure but always to mock and mislead. x ' There is a third explanation— that the phenomena In. thu haunted house are tdia work of u pnictlcnl joker, but, if so, It Is rather strange Unit Uie joker hns not yi?t tteen caught. Among those who have studied psychic sciences the opinion mills to be that Ioulse Pel- JctlJer Is t.lu? author, though pnilmbly uiieouseloiisly or unintentionally, of all this apimrent illuhlcrle. On the other hand. A bin? Selmabelln, who ranks next to Dr. I'apus us the most profound (KxailUst of uuxlorti times, is of opinion that the residents of Uie Imuulisl liousi? have, been en- cimntcd by a sorcerer. Radius re- eeiitly made certain expi'rimeuts as to the effects of encluiutmeut. He pricked the photograph of a curtain person all over with a pin, nnd found that the per son whoso photograph It 'was felt the pin-pricks In his own body. Rochns simply desired to prove that there is a good deal of truth In the old legends regarding the wickedness' of sorcerers. Now scorverers flourish towlay In several parts of Trance, am! especially lu Paris, Brittany, Berrvamb the Basque country. They are, as a rule; shepherds, trumps uud 'ordinary fortune tellers of both sexes. Among them, too, arc several young girls, ami they arc especially dreaded. for.Uiev are mipposedto have the power of Inflict- lug unspeakable woe. (iyiwles luive also kcpl up the ancient practice of sorecrj', the most celebrated being those of Hun gary. Bosnia and Russia. Abbe Schmiholln has not spoken rash ly. . He went, to Vnleiici?-en-BrU. made u careful Investigation, and onlv then expressed (he opinion that the entire turmoil has been caused by a sorcerer. A man. known to he a sorcerer, lives In tlie iielghborliood. nnd. according to the abbe, his fluid Ixsly or that of some other sorcerer hns Uie |K»wer of fnelng Itself from the. material body at will, and hns lu this Instance done so in order to nnitoy the family In the haunt ed house. In tills enlightened ago a conjecture of this kind sounds absurd, but It is very plausible when we compare It wlUi other stories of sorcerers, nud especial ly those concerning human metamor phosis. Here, for example, Is one told by Deliincre, a member of Parliament, who, In the reign of Louis XIII. , was commissioned to make nn Inquiry Into the actions of the Basque sorcerers:- "A gentleman of the Basque country." he miys. "returning from the hunt, saw n she-wolf, whose eyes seemed to him to bo very like those of his wife. He raised his gun nnd fired. The she-wolf, hit III the side, ran off. howling. "On his return home the gentleman found his wife In lied, pretending tliut she hud hurt hersr?lf by accident, as she was out walking. The gentleman examined Uu? wound, and 'great was his amazement when he found In It some grains of shot of the same size as he had used. . "The unhappy woman then confessed that site had been in the hnhlt of as suming the form of a she-wolf, with the object of taking pari in the witches' revels, and that It was she who had been shot by her husband. Her name was the Lady of Urtubl. and soon after this event she was tried and burned." 