The Oolden Rock; OR LAURA ANSTRADE. :o: By ERNEST GLANVILLE. Author ol "The Lost Heiress." "The Fair Colonist," "The Fosslckers," Etc. CHAPTER XI —A HOT TEMPER. The stricken sloop Esperanza lay like a log on the ocean as the Swift stretched along into the Atlantic, In less than half an hour she had been struck down, maimed, and humbled by an enemy which she had treated with contempt. "Why didn't yoti sink her?" said Com- mins, softly, coming to the side of Cap tain Pardoe, who stood with a dull flush in his face, fixedly regarding the labor ing sloop. "You are fighting for the National Government. Why didn't you sink her?" Pardoe turned and regarded the man at his side under his brows for a mo ment. "What a devil you are, Com- mins." "Am I really?" remarked Commins, imTjerturbably."but however flattering to my sagacity, that is scarcely an answer to my question. You have committed a blunder, Pardoe, and if the authorities at Rio were informed of it they may, I'm not saying they would, mind you, but they may court-martial you." "Court-martial me for smashing an enemy's ship. You're a fool, Cornmins." "Pardon me, but you have not smash ed the enemy. There he goes leisurely on his way back to port after you had him in your poWer, and if either of us is to be called a fool I am inclined to think you are entitled to that honor? Take my advice, g<i back and sink that ship." "Do you mean that?" "Certainly, in your own Interests. The Brazilian Admiral would be the last man to suppose you had let the enemy escape from motives of humanity. And, then, you saved the life of that fiend, Juarez." "Juarez is my prisoner." "Yes, truly; but, observe how absurd your case would be when you say to the Admiral: 'I let the warship escape, but I have brought you her captain, who would have been assassinated by his own crew." "I see you have already placed me on my trial," said Pardoe, drily. "I pre sume you wish me to murder Juarez as well as to sink the ship?" "You have a brutal way with you, Pardoe, as befits, no doubt, a brave sailor; but it Jars. As for Juarez, it may give our friends some pleasure to dispose of him at Rio, though his pre- 1 Fence on board will cause me a feeling of nausea; but It is necessary that you should do your work thoroughly, and, for your safety and the success of our mission, you must destroy the ship." "1 must." said the captain, with a dark look. "Weil, there is no compulsion, but that is my opinion, and the opinion of Miss Laura de Anstrade." "You lie!" Commins grew white to the lips, and his gloved fingers, resting on the bridge rail, trembled, but recovering himself, he said: "I will bring her here, and you will receive the orders from her own lips," then left the bridge. Captain Pardoe flung himself round, took a hasty turn up and down the Cramped bridge, then, with a stern and fingry visage, faced Miss Anstrade. She came swiftly, with a rustiing of skirts and a faint jjerfume that seemed strangely out of place, , as much out of Place as would be the inhuman order from her woman's lips to destroy a help less ship. Her large eyes glared with a feverish light, her breast heaved, and her hands were clutched in a sort of hys terical passion.- "Captain Pardoe," she cried, in a thin, unnatural voice, "why have you let that ship escape ?" "Because, madame, I had not men enough to work her, and she would never have reached Rio." "No; but she can reach the bottom." "Good God!" he muttered, his face turning an ashen grey. "Miss Laura, you cannot mean that?" "Yes; hut 1 do!" she eaid, with a gasp. "Then," he said fiercely, "you must put someone else in command." "Oh, no! no!" she cried, "I never " "Be firm," whispered Commins ; "think how j'our case will he strength ened if you can say you have destroyed one of the enemy's ships. Remember your brother." Captain Pardoe noticed the action, and, pointing to Commins, he said, bitterly, "Appoint that man your captain, ma dame; he alone is capable of such an act, and, perhaps, Juarez would assist liim." "It is policy," whispered Commins. The name of Juarez had a strange ef fect on the girl. She drcwr herself up, and in a hard voice called Lieutenant Webster. He, seeing something unusual occur ring, as, indeed, had all those on the main deck, had drawn near. "At your service, madame," he said, with a hasty look at Captain l'ardoe's dark face. "1 wish to appoint you captain, Mr Webster." "Thank you, madame!" Commins smiled as Pardoe threw his head up with a snort of indignant sur prise. "Mr Pardoe has refused to obey or ders. I beg your pardon, what were you about to say?" "I don't think I wish to say anything, madame, and I'd rather not hear any thing more ;" saying which, Webster, with a distressed look on his frank face, stepped by and stood beside Captain Pardoe. "Ah!" cried Miss Anstrade, "you de sert me for him. Let it be so. I would rather know at once whom I may trust." The weakness and hesitation which at first she had shown, disappeared, giving place to a feeling of wounded pride. She drew herself up, and regarded the two officers scorn fully, forgetting as only an angry woman can, the services they had already per formed. "I will have you placed on board yon der ship with that defeated crew, and then, when they turn their fury on you, you will repent your ingratitude. Once before I had to turn to these gallant sailors in order to shame you into doing your duty; and now, with confidence, 1 will appeal to them once more." Her voice rang out clear and loud, -and, charmed herself by the sound, she dwelt on her words. The men edged up. look ing at the group on the bridge; and, if she had not been carried away by the confi dence of her tone, she would have seen that their aspect was not friendly to her or to the man at her side. Hot, and most of them bleeding from a fight into which they had been led with courage and skill by their officers, it was not to be thought that they would, on the bidding of a wo man. turn their backs upon their lend ers. Commins was quick to note their bearing, and so was Hume, who stood by, amazed at the scene. As Ehe stood there with a proud smile on her lips, Frank swung himself up, un ceremoniously shouldered Commins away and stood by her side. "Men," he said, "it is a fine custom af ter a fight for the captain to thank his officers and men, and one that should be kept up by us. This lady is our com mander, and she wishes to thank you all for the special courage with which you have fought, at this engagement, against a foe of double our strength." "Sir," she said, recovering from the shock of surprise, "what is the meaning of this insolence?" "For heaven's sake," whispered Com mins, "let liim speak. Don't you see the men side with the.m?" She flashed a startled look over the up- turned faces, then, with a motion of her hand, signified to Frank to continue. "Say a word to them, madame, your self." "Do you command me?" she asked, haughtily. "No, madame, I implore." With a terrible look at Commins she went forward, and with a smiling face, though her hands were clenched, she thanked them. The men touched their caps, but they lingered, casting puzzled glances at the captain and lieutenant. "If so please you, mam." said the big quarter- master in deep tones, "we'd like j to know what's been said by way of thanks to the captain for the handsome way lie took the ship into action, ami to the lieutenant for the way he worked 'The Ghost.' " "Isn't it so, mates ?" There was a deep growl of assent. "My men," said the captain, in a deep bass that had a thrilling touch of emo tion in it, "I am pleased with you, and I think you are satisfied with me and with the ship. And all of us are proud Of the young lady, who, trusting hervlf fully in our keeping, lias so bravely shared our dangers." "Three cheers for the lady," sang ou ! Dick the Owl; and "God bless her," chimed in the quarter-master. The ship rang again to the shouts of the men, and Commins slipped below. Miss Laura, had now forgotten about the sloop, under the sting of mortifica tion; but the captain was too expe rienced a man to show his triumph, though he could not forbear one shot: "If you will allow me, madame, i will go to my cabin, for I have been on the bridge all night." "All night! You are cruel to remind me of it, captain." "Am I captain again, then?" "Go to your room, sir," she said, with a frown, "and consider yourself under arrest till eight bells. Now, Mr Y/o li ster, you will show me over the ship, and explatn to me all about the action. I see you are wounded." "Merely a scratch, madame. from a flying link from the anchor chain." He led the way down, and Hume and the captain, lingering on the bridge, saw her chatting with the men. and ex amining the damage done aft, where a flight of missiles had struck the deck. "That was a timely speech of yours, Hume," said the captain, "and saved us from an awkward fix, for had the men once got the notion that they had done me an obligation there would have been an end to discipline, tried men as they are. I am not satisfied that we have a plain course before us, for we have to reckon with that man Commins, and the whims of a young lady." "She appears to be quite reconciled now," remarked Hume. "Maybe, and I hope so, but a woman can sail under false colors and dummy portholes without a sign of her real feel ings. See the way she's smoothing down Hlaelc Henderson. I shouldn't wonder if she's scheming to gain the men over in preparation for the next mad -brained Jamboree." "What relation does Mr Commins hold to her?" "That is no business of ours," said the captain, gruffly, "and harkce, my lad, re member that you are sailing under her orders, and that you have to stand by her, and not me." With that he swung down below, leaving Frank to his own reflections, which were not of the brightest. He noticed that Miss An strade had ignored ihfs presence, and wondered whether she was displeased at his interference, then dwelt on the in fluence which Mr Commins undoubtedly exercised over her, and finally blamed himself for having committed himself to this mad venture. Ills thoughts went back to his uncle, and to the promise which he had given to search for that impossible Golden Rock, and lie asked himself if he would not have been hap pier had he started on that forlorn en- I terprise; but, even as he thought, his i mental image of that imaginary rock- faded away before the visible presence of the wayward, passionate girl, whose beauty had already beguiled him. She had parted from Webster, who was busy with the men, and came slowly picking her way over the litter of coal scattered from the hags by a shell which had ripped up the whole row on the port side, her one hand stretched gracefully In its full length at her side to bold up her skirts, the other at her throat hold ing a black mantilla which framed her face. Passing up to the bridge, fhe leant forward with her elbows on the rails, the wide lace on her sleeves falling back and disclosing shapely arms ,anu, with her chin in her hands, looked dreamily over the grey sea to a faint blurr which marked tiie toiling sloop. She had not noticed him by so much as a glance, and, accepting this as a hint, he put the lc-ngLh of the bridge between him and her. "Mr Hume." He turned, but she was still absorbed In watching the sloop. "Must I call twioe?" she said, in her low rich tones; and he was by her side. "I feared I had offended you by my in terference." "And would my displeasure disturb you?" she asked, reclining her head un til she could look at him, and so keeping it. Frank thought of Captain Pardoe, and Wondered if she could be acting a part. "Why do you look at me so? Tell me, what do j-ou think of me?" "f think you are very beautiful," he said, in low tones. "Don't." This is no ball-room inter lude, and such a vapid compliment is out of place here. Be frank. Come, tell me." She nestled her face more comfort- | ablj' in lior supporting palm, and looked at him with a faint smile that parted her fins. "Don't," he murmured, repeating her word, "I am only human." "And 1 am not. Is that it? Well, perhaps j-ou are right." "I did not say so. What I meant was that if j-ou look at me so " "Spare me! I detest explanations. Do j'ou see that ship?" She turned her face to the east. "It carries many souls; men : who have friends awaiting them in some far-ofi hacienda, gleaming white in the bright sun; wives, mothers, and others as dear, who would grieve were thej' lost. You know, I had it in my head to sink that ship, and all on board. What do you think of me? I would like to know." "It was a horrible fancy," he said, a little sternly; "but I do not believe you I meant to carry it out." "Ah, jou do not know me," she whis pered, with a shudder; "I am sometimes afraid of inj-self." "You brood too much over your sor rows, Why not come up here more often and talk with us?" he said, with a Jealous thought of Commins. "That is very good of j-ou," she an swered demurely, with a swift change of expression; "and I appreciate the in vitation all the more because of the evi dent implication that I alone am to bene fit from It." "You misunderstand me," he said, has- tliy. "what I meant — — " "Yes, yes; iiow dull you are, Mr Hume." "I am sorry you should think so, ma dame," he answered, stiffly. "Now go off In a pet, and leave me to my own thoughts, which, of course, are very pleasant company for a lonely girl among a lot of morose and fiery men, who cannot see that the 6train upon her is almost too much." She said this with a smile, but Hume noticed that the lips trembled while they smiled, and that in the eyes there was a worn, almost wild look. "Take my arm, Miss Laura," he said, gently. "Let me tell you mj' storj'; it may interest you." She took his arm with almost a con- vulsive grasp, and for a moment she bent her head; then with a soft and! womanly look she asked him to talk and not to liced her silence. So they paced up and down, six paces one way, six an other, and were necessarily thrown to gether by the narrowness of the passage. He talked of his uncle, the tough old hunter, of the simple life he led. of his sacrifice and quiet death, and a sweeter look stole into her face. "And so," she said, "you have put aside the quest entrusted to j-ou by that good old man and thrown in your lot with me. I thank you, but you must find the Golden Rock." "If it is there," he said, smiling at her eagerness, "Oil, it exists; I am sure of it. I can see the gleam of it now;" and she shaded her ej-cs with her hand. " But it is not on the sea," he said laughingly. "1 am looking beyond the sea, among your African mountains, to a flame that glows under the rays of the morning sun and there is a ring of red around the flame. Ah, you will encounter many dangers." "What will it matter," he said, "since I am alone in the world." "It may matter," she whispered, and then withdrew her arm, ami hastily quitted the bridge. CHAPTER XII.— A STRANGE .VESSEL. Five daj's after the stormy scene on the bridge, Frank Hume and Webster were lying forward, upon rugs, on the turtle- shell deck. In the full blaze of a hot sun. The sea was calm, even be- j'ond the power of the catcher to toss up spray, and stretched away, unbroken b>- so much as a single gleam of white to the horizon, though astern there lay a long trail, slightly sinuous, over, which, with many a sweep and soar, there played a pair of gulls. Now and again, from the heave of the water he- fore the fast slipping foot of the Swift, there ripped out a flight of flying fish, who, after an unmistakable beat of their glittering wings, shot away to the right and left, to fall with an awkward splash into the sea. Here and there, propped up against some wide-mouthed ventilator, or stretched in the grateful shadows of the boats, were a few barefooted sailors en gaged with needle and thread, while, under an awning aft, Mr Commins and Miss Anstrade reclined in deck chairs. The harsh, grating noise of the steer ing gear, and the ceaseless thud of the propellers, alone broke the silence, which, like the silence of vast stretches ashore, or of deep-wooded solitudes, hushes the voice of animals and kills speech In men. Out on the bosom of the sea, or on the summit of a mountain, the trifles which interest us among our. fellows have little power against the subduing influence of vast unpeopled spaces. All tile morning the steamer reached on, always remaining in the centre of the same wide circle, and it was only, when the quartermaster struck eight bells that there was any movement among the brooding men. Webster sat up, and, with his hands on his knees, and his cap at the bank of his head, looked over tlie shining waste, then yawned. "What an eloquent fellow you are, Hume," he said; "you've got more con versation and greater powers of obser vation than a hale of wool. There's that fellow Commins, still talking to the com modore, and oiling his jaw tackle with iced champagne, the lubber; and to think you might be enjoying the same privileges if you only had the wit to make yourself agreeable." , "I don't care for champagne iced." "You don't, eh; but maybe you'd cars i to be seated where he is, within the range of those lustrous eyes, or was it luminous you called them, for all the world as though j'ou were speaking of a black cat in a coal-cellar. And such cigars as she smokes, too." "She doesn't smoke cigars!" "Man, I saw the glow of one lost night, burning red, and lighting, by Its reflection, the dark splendor of iter eyes, as you magnificently put it." "It was a cigarette, and j'ou might know, if j-ou were not always between waking and sleeping, that most high bred Spanish women smoke them, and think no more of it than a dab of pow der." : "Then you were smoking the cigar, and I was awalte enough to see that the fierce light of the cigar was closer than the breadth of my hand to the glow of the dainty cigarette. I've been thinking whether I ought to congratu late you or iter first." "Don't be an ass, Webster; I was merely explaining to lier the maj) of the stars." "Then, there's nothing between you ?" "Nothing but the length of the ship." "Then that relieves my heart of a great pressure, which has sat there ever since I had salt junk for breakfast. I shall propose to the commodore my all." "The devil, you will!' said Frank, rising to his elbow, and regarding Web ster wiih anxiety. The lieutenant sighed, and then winked solemnly. "Yes, my boy. for I'm sick to death of j .seeing that red-banded dandy flashing his teeth in the face of her. as though j hs were the only man on board with I courage enough to make love io a pretty; ; gir!-" "You arc fooling." "Not me. I've been thinking, and it ! occurred to me that I've lived long enough in a circle. I want to pass the ! remainder of my life in a square house, with someone like the commodore, who won't obey orders. She would want to paint the walls yellow to match her complexion, and I would tell the quartermaster to paint them blue to re mind rne of the sea. The house would I have a flat roof, with a flag-post on the 1 weather quarter. I would hoist my ' colors in the morning, and she would Commenced Publication August 22,1 b"Pd on hers In the afternoon, for I've, noticed that a woman grows more aotl\e as the day dwindles. It is a trait she enjoys in common with cats." "My dear fellow," said Frank, ear nestly. "nil you have to do Is 10 give her a nk- te-l, if that programme, and that will I," enough In the way of wooing." "Cvn yuu sugest any improvement ?" "Well, you would do well to hint at the luxury of green blinds for the win dows, mill pictures on the wails." "Jf there 1s one tiling 1 detest more than s "ia with whisky, it's satire, you should leave such weapons to that glass-eyed lubber aft. who always looks at m as If I were a monstrosity, and sots my muscles moving to catch him by th - nrek. Now, F tank, for the honor of all good men, sal! In and win the prize. 1 mean It. You can spe for yourr.-if that the fellow is every kind of a ro; ne, and, though the commodore don't answer well to the helm. It would he a wick erl rhyme to see her taken in tow by that shark. Hung me, If the fellow v.'us not rattling dice last night wilh that black-hearted piccaroon, Juarez." "is that a fact ?" "Ay. that It is; and it came across me that lie- two of them were too friendly for our safety. Jt was ubuul four bells, and 1 had gone below to turn in, when I lieard tlie unmistakable raltle, and, pci-ping in through the ventilator above the d mil', saw the two uf them hard at It, with the everlasting bottle at their elbows." "Have yuu told the captain ?" "I did, and he scowled horribly. You know linw pleasant he looks when he Is put out, and he went down straightway and tumbled the gentle pirate Into his dpll. at the eame lime threatening to clap Pomintns In Irons if he sought such .congenial society again." "And ?" 'CommIns swore most foully. I never thought the creature had such a com- tnand of language; but the skipper sked him If he would complain to the Commodore, when he calmed down rapidly Into soft words and treacherous Bfnib s. I tell you, he Is a plotter, and. If anything goes wrong with the rebels — the National ffnrty by compliment — he would sell us for a brass dandles tick. Now, if you will danh In, cut him out hr lies at his moorings In the light of her friendship, I will not bring my fas cination to bear upon her." "I'm afraid it's hopeless," said Frank, With a sigh; "nnd don't you think we are talking without book, lor we have no toikou to suppose that she wishes to be TPcd from the attentions of Mr Com- mlns, still less that she Is in any danger from him." "You've got too much of the caicu- lai In;; machine In you, Frank — a defect we ruilorB don't possess. This la a mat! or not to be reasoned about. I can feel in my marrow tliat the man is a Scheming rascal." The quartermaster struck eight bells, and Webater went off to take a sight, the evptaln having already entered Upon (hat dally task. They were three days off Cape Verde, having made the Inlands to take In more coal, aud were making acroea the Atlan tic (11 a south-westerly course, right out , Of the track of vessels. When Hume, 1 .folio was looking forward, listlessly, cried out "Ship alioad!" there was un usual interest aroused, and glasses were brought to bear upon the distant speck. "A steamer!" cried Captain Par doe, ;'and lylng-to, for there's not bo much ea a slain of smoke against the blue of ihc eky beyond." The men and officers, now thoroughly mrour-ed from their drowsy torpor, stared at the distant ship which had bo sudden ly slipped from the horizon into this Client sea. "Do you naake out any signals, Mr Webster?" "No. sir; but I can't see a single boat, and It seems to me the tackle is hang ing from the davits." "Strange," muttered the captain, "for ilieie have been 110 indications of storm. Maybe the boats are out for some bus!- ! ness of life saving," and he swept Ms ! glass to right and left of the steamer, Which was rapidly taking shape to the naked pye. I (To be continued.) 