BACH II LOI)R ' IIA LI, . r No, Frannk,' tnll ,lian VicLhlam., IIl rply to hil elllnr lninll's qleltioln, wI e h Lave not had ita Inrh lorn I tnll ln I.iiiLalehl rulllgh flr th i olse th.em y rn," ll s (:ulalili (l!urgar viri ellvared him feel carefully inn t the iman lvl-pla and tilled l ??k his chl ir. IIIa holll wl t he hlim nrIanL ly Ii , heing rntl , nornd ior the peril ,f th iCrown Iaerhy Ite? u I di n'litIlb I i t ll nhlnll nn thll ii nlif,' Iur n ?ll llll l lllrlr t, i oilllllnt, ll ; " I h ve onily got 1i ) fpinioini , Ii ) It i n? l ll ling l if y ulll t thl .l 1 IIn hn ox dilned ilver, I iniii. i 1 ? l| ,i n i -l i in th a la-lnl, m of the n tile itself. 'li ok ypm. N Iou, if ?ioor lnlallehllbard in 1lt bblel,, n? it ,ight Io b.* I,hill h, hhUesuo luhly evenioninhll, in llI, y illlI i llhl i." 1'lli h l fl l IIIIII'Ie I) h| n to Ills vint"I 'n v ldyl , nalllll l me?o n that l''lllmn ltinl'?o was UI '" h I h, 1 r in d nIii i i iurnt, nill lllettini l II IIe conulll " tib tHe ll un IIIrInant lfl in tll?l ?lll I ( IIin l l?In I l nulu ls ini'in d Ii kilin bhiiaflllrnJ i-m Iiil lil Inalnllilli llillllllnI vi it about tnam to ceoso advertioing overy.Chrlii' raos our fortunate condition. Charlie had man. tged tltu lpclaeloa' Ball for yeas' . V And succes'fully P? ' 'I ,eorably,. no wq so Seletaryt buld have been founll. That wats his gre at merit, because everybody was alwoay iprepared to abuse hiom. 11e elwqya eoluptl wl ltictlard.eofthe nteigh*. bourhood ; Ito forgt to invite his mother and sister one year." " 'orr old Charlio I" said Curgeinten, with a smile. " his lenad wes never very clear, nor his saemory very trustworthy." "Whenoa h resigned he lult the mangemeout of thle bhll in such evil udour.llt lnobody in the town could be prevailed oil to undertake it; so the bhall was dropped. BIlestle, there was rather a painful incident in counection with the last danle we gave thiat hasnot yet bcon explained to all." 0ThPbis is very exciting," remarked his friend. SPlcease to remuember that I have .ieOlt four years in Ilndia.aud ant dying for Littleeruinghl news. Relot, tlhe occurmioo in poer own iti. tittalle style, wliilo ]'stiokh autlnastent." SJimt Wickhmit wos a auensoue blchelor,lwhose earliest tlid otly love hbad tice, thle notltt of his own vlice. A kindly little hbuybody, few things in IittLloborough escaped tie ilatisitioa of his doutblu eynglias. lie drwi a chair to thtu lre, with' a iireiltitinaPy chtleklo i apprellciratiot of his owt piowaer totio jutttic to his tubjcect. " I need hordlyetay it was Chitrlie tavidson 's fault nntirely," Ilt,?egat. " You hItnew we ised to hnvu a list of peuplo that were iuvited every year. Charlio alysyr dett tlhle iuvittielis, vhuther theIry hald left thle ptnco, er scre dead, rc eihnkrupt. lie used to invite tihctl all.. Ile asked old liss Otturtbltebtch three successrive years after lisr death it tlih tgo of 79." " flaut she nver would accept, I suppose P" " No sho never aniparled. But at last he asked another men who wsa also dead." " litn eterred by the,slleneq of AMiss Cumber batlP ' ". "And this mnan," said )Yicklhai, lowering his voice.: and laylig itl band co his eioa. sianion's armt, "actually Applsred at the ball. Tlhat wva thle nncoemfortahblo I?rtof it." S(iood Lord I "raid Cergeovit, "I sasy, you'll have to elftlt'lit Snores flower;vras ;. tf you na lie iiith "cora siantunliala of that kind, I aball lie kicking it oaer." His hoot rose, obedietly, und clared a wider space in the lighbouurhood of his eompnuiona's slippers.. Nether spoke for a mioment or too, ant thlut Curge!nent demandedl coot ttnnce and an explanation. " Ylho on earth weas the man P " he asked. " Ile had no business to e nanyhbody on earth then,'! was Wickham a's reply. " His came wa Dnalpl Ferguson. I dare nay you remenbute hint." . Oh ! yes, rather. Iti was a quiet, iiee kind' of chap, Idid aut know hiot at all well. Ito was up ii these parts learning bnuking, wasn't be ? i remeulubetr him chiefly on t groat friend of oll tVaterllold, the Wtiker. Iuroly he was in Waterfeldo' bnuk i " " That's the nman. ' e was a great frisend of mine, blid he was a great friend of Kitty WYVterfield'n-ho used to talk to me about her." " I know a girl would be hlound to come ito the story soon., What is she like P Attractive i J don't know her even by sight." " Not the least ittractive. Good eyes and o white fare. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. She's either too shy or too reserved. I're known her all her life, and taken her in to dinner aboutthirty times. I once extracted frontm her a confeaussoa that she disliked tomatoes, Ibat that is thie only ecnlld' nce shbo, bas over hlonourel melo with. Still, Fergusos, I fancy, get a bit furthbe with hier tClina tiat. Indeed, he was desperately keen aon her. I can't for the life of ome imagine why, except for the fact that she I didn't ecro two straws about him. She used tC he rude to him, Ihoogh, rind that was all ad. vacne on the distantly polite attitude she adopted towards everybody else. " Well, at the last Bachelor's BDll but one, Ferguson and Miss Watorlield danced togetllhe morq than onre, I can vouch for that, atid they sat out together pretty often too. Sho was never ill much demand as a partner, though lie was pouolarenough ; but he never looked at anybody else that ingbht. Ills eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room ; and she went about, either with him, or without him, e pale, inscrutable sphinux, looking neither happy nor nhoasppy, bht absolutely unconcerned. HIhe looeked rather pretty thCt light, but whether she enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idle. Old Ferguson had promised to come it and have a smoke with me after the dance: and as he we was utlting his coaton in the cloak-room, I ssid Yeu're coming ronul for a pipe, oh P' lie said t ' Nt t.oight, I bthik. I'm a bil doe up somehoaw.'' I thought hI seemed rathIel low-spirited and tiredl,ald he shook behands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never set eyem on the man since. Mind the clock, tFrank, your right foot as dangerously near it." " Yot ought not to y such startling things, then. Go on." "Thu next day Ferguson left Littleborough withouta word to anybody. His letters wore to be forwarded to him at some club in London, I forget which. Maost Ioplu wondered at his going, nod etiOol biio not a little ; but the only ?emson who could throw any light on it was Miss Wateorfcld, and nobody in his senses ever dreamed of puwning her. She weat on just as usual ntt Inooking eithler mcluecholy eor relieved, but simply expresaionless. I spoke to hlier once abouutInm, but shoenever anorsreld, and I chanlged the subject to Itome, whiere she had just brin. She, was not exactly garrulous on that topio either; tut that is neither here nora hier. " We had just issued the invitations for tihe next Btchelor's Ball year after, til Charlie Dasridon, wht wmso engaped to It manrried at tle time hbtad eignnliased bhis farewell alilearller as Secretary ly msahin even bigger mnea of the ball tbau usual.. Ot that oeonslou ah overlooked the l.ord.Liqptonant and the Colonel in com' ma?d. I was iu he County Club lunching onile ddy with tewo or three other fellows, whun a rinn said suddenly, I sea that poor young Fer gMon, WbhO wea up hero, is dead. lie died amwllhere in Afrie alait sixal weeks ago. It was in All the pnjnrs. Didn't snybedy see it ' " " Nole of as had vell It, and it was It great shork to nae; but Charlie Davidesoi, who reas there, turned as pale as a sheet, and laid down his knife and fork. I knew at onl ? he had sent )tetr.Perguson a card for ltie ball, and fdr once I felt rather sorry, for him, an he looked very milch upiet. " Ytaung llaliburto:, however, began to crack his customary jokes at Charlie's exrailensu 1f1 observed tlhat we should have a cheerfll ball if pverrrbody or retary eour sr'ta ilnviten turned Iup, nnd was further anxious to discover if Quenu Alnnte hal lleen nakel, aipyilng he thought Shlu utight Ihe tifelnded at the omiosion. But ewhlr he lwent Io tnai said it na enouglh to drag yeoung te gFta fruom his grave, tie luckless Charlie oouked so ll that poldeul ld Iolliburton to dry uap, and not try and be funny on subjet like that. " You know, I think Davidson wan worked ul itio rather oan it crio ' clut of mind when the eventfull night arrived. II line often, ill telling oti the story of what he saw, remlarked that the it oit prtsetimlnct--" " Oi, idon't" Intertupted his listener. '" Don let its hanv any Ipreseittiietts. tie ott with the enetulte." An Anyhtitt, wtavitesr Chitrlio'l stato of ilnnul sss tlie nsptlr-romln hd jllst hIuvt oll tlllle i and he wos ruilsing buit teilinog tii Wnve1g ;men In lake in ttIewrogladies Io nnlt int htLeourso of his ca?rer Iao i small stiltlig-liOt reinor cituo to Ihe tntrance-hdll. It was rather n edI ntl d ullnpolllllr rlllln, willt a iheje tdl-lloohnllhg puinhl tr?n ill thI ciiente. It d ttled i t wite thon e ah. bie't of thile n and eil chairs. The ball seRe lery idoorway, For. siltlitia iln by sill oin a i oici 'aselly cpiihile binu wore Miss Worterfultl sit ulpiiIi hleragilslete. The inttlldr wtl s ton o l unitnhl sta;el 'rid teo e very lituily, tbut he looktdt tirutiua lill in tihe face i1 sltsw lint heIo was iltld hltl, out like nil . caII lin lanlll d l l i1111 11111 ii the hlllllut i r llel, l nd II I Ioul'i iit thick tthat use the s.iw wvtit hii. I Igove hin hii ao11 nli nlht li hlid esni ilnd iteolyed inn iii go lid NIe whse t I celdl Inele. " Well, Il'rak. it ia cit a veury ilu'ontii thingi iutleiur h llu 'euiut|111tn i iislll't iolh. c lllll | sivitIuthitir it vh . ht lh ln I tie I til? tilehi'r IItIat thy had hwi Intit htnt it httlltinl ii thal t ni tlI ill thn i tlb h · 1 h?, hud 1 on lime. I it i it ii iii Ii hll it ll I llllh I i .ll. IIntt i nY illt . Pit' I te tl r I h ' .ti l t e i i lt it. t lll lr tIn I U I tIl 'l Iu t ) Iivt, it tih ,ittiht IhteI nh hlllt wila tieliys ict,, "i C, I I ll 1 L. th e it I tll~iI II 11 a1, t iit r 11 111 ih to w r "observed ( i uptissellli ieii 1 ::ii it Ill l iiiitil theb l 1e n he tI ll*, " wll ity# her l ?ishl tii t ,u nalittivelbitry IoIf t ip ly bII tl l |104 mam. I suppose you catechised her Y " "lty cron-eoumlcation was very asilful, for I led up to it geoatly. 1 said 1 dIidn't kiow ie was all alone ; to which she re llied, ' Didn't you :'--which is a chilling sort of aeswcr,r and one at which she was very great, I roitd niot for Ihlo lifo of lua go on to s:y that I haod howl: told a ghost was sltting out thle u per dancIs with her. I made some general roulok, who I she reecived wuit a uolito, Indeed I' disllp illg no inlereat of aly kind ; and then her mother suddenly coame in. tier nother in tnlhitive, anuo n0 Idiot, so I fled, leaving the secret be. hild me. "I'lit bound ti coy that Chnrlio Davidbso added consilerably to the story later on ill the evelllg whoi several glasses of catolnpigle in terraced btwearn Ilimself ri thu facts. lie nandte ouuttIhat liergusoo's whole dumelanoulr nau corpsu-lik onell aupernaturoalt alindlull. a nug gostion of it hallotwoulnd ibu Iis forerbnd, inm flyilg osuicide. Iiowuver, other ploplo were ii liloed to be li]s ilmlresed, am ti heed Iiult thu eeretary had l?eon samphling the tlinks ti)ore hup ier. Youlng IHaliburton, when he was 'IIext ill oniadoui ill trtllb Ilirie . st Iforg oru'on's?llu wlither Cllinarl had posted thro card iorehe litichelor' I(all. 'Thle CluI iorler saiid he IhI hiearl lithug af Fergoiusiaon foir sveranl cnIIIIs. adll tlhat hu hoald left lio address to whiich his utlero Isigllt Ib forwardued. 'Ie showed Ilau li troloii about thirty lettersc for teurgosoi, all Ilhibuirloul engerly seorched througlh thet to'L Ilnd Chuorliuos invitllliou. hlut-this was a very stranlge featurn il it- thel,invilotion to the ball was oiart slUolg the lettexr. Wasn't thlat ollrlosl P " It wnas, itded. That haid evidently found hinl out somewhere behond his Club." "0Slartly foer this oreusrkablo apparition, Slis loterolclil wncllt laway fros I.iltlhboougul. I thilkshhli.weot abroad to learn some peocies of niusienl il.atnaoleot liI (lermiany. 1 htlievo nluic interests her faintly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise ane ill thie Club once scid that if t'ergusao woereo rlly dealt he consildereld Kitty Waltorlaeld muorally guilty of li death. Upon which a still wilser nooil ng~iestLcd'that he'should go ule tell Iaer Captain Curgeovei - consieored. Wickhlam's story all xeocialet oee, and it reminedo ui exo colluct story, ill his estomation, iatil oio day he haliueiL to see in the paper the nlarrieger teleo gral id hom a roui Africa, of a ccrttai il'r. l)hloi erguero to an officer'es dlugltor ii -n Calm own. 'The lie retollected thhtthe - nom was.net a verry uaromloon ueo, ndut.thbnt the Littlolmrough psychical rereaorcher l had not very couclusive evirdeao that thlururgio.u who npaltiared t the ball was thoesnlu Lto cr Itsol who wn. idead. Clharlio tavidson t nd oWi klia both lnnintaia that tie manu who hus just beeo married is aotlier iperson of tie caoi ninmeo. OthltUs. however. hliid that Ferguson paid a flyig visit to Littlehoroogth to try i last fall with his ihard-healrtied enhantress. And wllcat lina Watonhcld conies back to iher nitivo toovn certlai bodl spirits have reolvued to oeast Iot'th delcide who ohall quesrtion her and find out the truth.-'" Vanity Fair." 