General News. Grand Concert for Archidiocesan Fends —Arrangements ara in progress for a grand concert to be held in the Town Hall, on November 16, in aid of the Archidiocesan collection. His Grace the Archbishop is taking great interest in the matter, and has promised to deliver a lecturette. The leading vocal, instru mental, and elocutionary artistes are being asked to give their services, and an excellent programme is expected. Cardinal Vaughan and Anglican Converts.—According to the cablegrams, Cardinal Vaughan has suggested to His Holiness the Pope the wisdom of forming a fund to assist married Anglican clerical concerts. The establishment of such a fund has been warmly advocated in Catholic circles for some time. Retreat for the Clergy.—On Mon day, 12th inst., the retreat for the clergy will commence at St. Patrick's Church, West Terrace. Half of the priests will make the retreat during the first week, and the remainder will commence on the 19th inst. Lecture by Rev. T. F. O'Neill.— On Monday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Irish National Federation, will take place at the Trades Hall. The Rev. T. F. O'Neill has consented to de liver a lecture on the "Characteristics of Irishmen," on that occasion. The public are invited, and a large attendance is anticipated. Preliminary Examination at the University. — The following students from Catholic schools were successful at the preliminary examination, held in September. Christian Brothers College — Masters Thomas Agnew, William Barry, William Fraser, William- Hutton, Alexis Holtze, Frank Gatzmeyer, Philip Giles, James McNamara, John McKenna, John Sheridan, Joseph She vlin and Victor McAree. These, with seven who passed the examination in March last, make a total of nineteen for the year. Sisters of Mercy Convent—Misses Rose Moroney, Maggie Lennox, May Slattery, Mary E. McNamara and Lucie Regan (Mt. Gam bier Convent School). The New Commissioner of Crown Lands.—When the news became public that Air. L. < I'Loughlin had been ap pointed Commissioner of Crown Lands, the new Minister received very hearty congratulations from his many friends. His Grace the Archbishop, with whom Mr. O'Loughlin was associated in his financial campaign at Port Augusta, per sonally congratulated him, and among the many others who expressed pleasure at the appointment were Very Rev. Archpriest Nevin, Revs. T. F. O'Neill, T. O'Connor, besides a great number from all part» of the colony and West Australia. Mr. O'Loughlin had ah excellent recep tion on entering the House for the first time since his appointment. The Late Hon. P. P. Gillen.—A correspondent lias kindly favored us with the following extract from a letter re ceived this week from Clare by a young lady in Adelaide. It will interest our readers, not only those who knew the hon. gentleman personally, but those who knew him so well by re pute :—" I am wnting to ask you to post pone your visit for a month, for 1 am afraid if you came just now, you would had a sad, sad holiday. Poor Peter Gillen was like one of our family, and we are all heart-broken at his sudden death. The whole of Clare is in mourning; people seem to be stunned—the show is for gotten, no one will attend it scarcely ; no one who cared for him. At church to-day a sermon was preached on him, when every one was in tears. Last Sunday he took up the collection ; he always did at II o'clock Mass, and when my father took his place to-day, everyone seemed to realize that it was all too true, and the whole congregation mourned their lost one. Adelaide people do not know what he was to us, his fellow-worshippers. You will forgive this short note, dear , and I hope I shall see you in a month, when Clare will not be struggling under such a heavy cloud." Was the Mother Church a Baptist Home Mission Society ?—Speaking on the Pope's encyclical and his desire for all Christians to reunite in the bosom of Mother Church, the Southern Baptist thinks there is no necessity for such a step, for "According to the Acts of the Apostles, the Mother Church was in all essentials, though not in name, a Baptist Home Mission Society, therefore a Baptist Home Mission Society is in all essentials, though not in name, a Mother Church and a part of the Mother Church." We shall probably next hear that the church was really, though not in name, a sort of Christian Endeavor Convention. Furniture Fair at Thebarton.— His Grace the Archbishop will open a furniture fair in the Thebarton Town Hall to-night, in aid of St. John the Baptist's Boys' Home, and the Queen of Angel's Church funds. There is perhaps no institution more deserving of the help of the charitable than the Boys' Home, and Father Healy deserves the thanks of all classes of the community in providing such a Home for the orphan boys who would, if left to their own resources, be very easily led astray by older, and more hardened cpmpanions. Certainly the government provide a place for such children as these, but it cannot be ex pected that they would be brought up in the fear and love of God, in a public institution. It is to remedy this, and to give the boys a good sound Catholic and commercial education, that Father Healy started the Home, and with the assistance of the good Brothers connected with it, there is no doubt that the boys who pass through the Home will secure one of the greatest of boons, a good, sound Catholic education, which will go a great way to help them in the struggle through life. Of course to carry on an institution of this kind, funds are necessary, and it is for this purpose that this Fair has been more particularly organised. The arrange ments are very complete, and the ladies of the district are working very hard to make it a success. There are to be three stalls, one in charge of Mrs. J. B. Brode rick, Miss McNamee and assistants, the second has Mrs. J. F. Murphy, Miss Collins, and the Children of Mary to dis pose of its wares, whilst the refreshment stall is in the hands of Mrs. McClancy, Mrs. J. F. Turner, Mrs. McCormack and assistants. Plenty of good things will be provided to amuse the children as well as the elders, and a '' bran pie " is especially promised for the little ones. A concert will be given each evening by the pupils of the Sisters of St. Joseph and friends, so that visitors will be certain to spend an enjoyable evening, besides helping a very deserving object. The Fair will remain open for three nights, Friday, Saturday, and Monday. The drawing for the art union prizes will take place on Saturday evening, and the winning numbers will be published in Monday's dailies, so that persons holding the winning tickets will be able to apply to Father Healy, on Monday evening, at the Town Hall, where they will either receive their prize or ah order on the donor for them. A Modern Hotel.--One of the'largest and best appointed hotels out of Adelaide is that being erected for Mr. J. A. Hum berstone, at'Port Victor.- The drawings were prepared, and the work is being carried' out by Mr: Albert S. Conrad, A.S.A.A., architect, Broken Hill Cham bers. Tlie building occupies a central and commanding position, and contains drawing, reading, and. smoking rooms; and a large dining hall, capable of seating 125 persons. St. Patrick's Literary Socusty. The usual weekly meeting was held iu the "above schoolroom, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of members. Mr. L. M. Jacobsj in the absence of the president, occupied .tht chair. -Mr. D. F. Braze! proposed, Mr. JEL. Byrne seconded, that / a fetter of sympathy /be sent to - the , bereaved widow and family, of tire , late respected Com missioner of Orotm Lands, Hon. P. P. Gillen. A npmber of other members also bore testimony of the great lossrsus tained to the Catholic community by his untimely end. Mr. Brazel proposed, Mr. Connelly seconded, that those who were successful in the late competition received the hearty congratulations of the society on their success. A motion was passed congratulating Mr. L. O'Loughlin on his appointment as Commissioner of Crown Lands. Reunion of the Irish Members.— A cablegram on Tuesday announced that Messrs. J. E. Redmond and John Dillon occupied seats on the same platform at an amnesty meeting at Tipperary. Mr. James Daly was also present. This is a very hopeful sign, and may have an im portant bearing on the much-desired re union of the Irish party. Concert at Pekina.—The children attendingtheSistersof St. Joseph's School (says our Pekina correspondent) held their annual concert on 25th instant, which was a great success. Mr. Hinton's large room was crammed to the door, in fact there was not standing room, and the room is capable of holding about 200. I have attended every concert that has been given by the children, and I think this has been the best I have ever been at, and every one else must have thought the same from the amount of applause that every portion of the programme received. The amount of trouble that the good Sisters have gone to to bring the children to such perfection must have been very great indeed. The programme was a long one for such small children to go through ; still there was not the slightest mistake, all the children acquitting themselves so well that I could not particularize any of them. The parents of the children should feel quite pleased that the training of their children is in such capable hands ; they may rest content that there is nothing left undone to show them the way they should go in after life. St. Francis Xavier's Literary So ciety.—The usual weekly meeting of the above society was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, on Thursday evening, Sep tember 24. Mr. H. Cronin presided over a fair attendance. Mr. F. J. Coyle was elected a member of the society. The programme for the evening was "Reviews of books," in charge of Mr. W. Pritchard. Mr. W. Dunlevie reviewed "Nicholas Nickleby " (Dickens), Mr. W. Pritchard reviewed "The merchant of Venice" (Shakespeare), Mr. J. Moroney reviewed " Marley's ghost" (Dickens), Mr. H. Cronin reviewed "Within the Maze" (Wood). General criticism was indulged in, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The chairman welcomed Mr. J. P. Dolieny, of St. Patrick's Literary Society, who was present during the evening. Mr. Doheny, in responding, congratulated the members on the marked improvement since his former visit. St. Laurence's Female Contingent H.A.C.B.S.—The usual meeting of the society was held in St. Mary's School room on Tuesday last. The attendance was very large, between sixty and seventy members being present. Father Andrew, C.P. (the chaplain), was present. The usual society business was gone through, and as the result of an election for medi cal officer, Dr. O'Connell was appointed. Four new members were proposed, and visitors were received from the St. Mary Help of Christians' Branch, Ade laide. A muBical and elocutionary entertainment followed, the following contributing to the programme—Father Andrew, C.P., Misses Galvin, Ryan, Proctor (2), and N. O'Connor. Miss Percy acted as pianist. Bro. P. McNamara, being an old favoritewith the ladies, fairly brought the house down with his comic songs, " Down at the farmyard gate," and "I really can't keep still." Father Andrew then addressed the meet ing, and expressed his pleasure at the very large attendance ; he hoped that many similar meetings would be held. Bro. C. Graham welcomed the visitors on behalf of the ladies. He was pleased at the very large attendance, and trusted that all present had enjoyed them selves. To meet at such gatherings, and have a sociable chat, was productive of much good. By speaking on Catholic subjects, and imparting knowledge to one another, we learn to correct our faults and cultivate a truly Catholic spirit. He cordially welcomed the visitors, and thanked them for their attendance. Miss Considine suitably responded. A musical and entertaining meeting was brought to a close. Election foe Stanley.—Mr. W. P. Cummins announces his candidature in our advertising columns for the election at Stanley. Mr. Cummins is standing at the request of numerous electors from all parts of the district, where he is well and favorably known having resided there for twenty-five years. The candidate was a close friend of the late Hon. P. P. Gillen. Napoleon and His Pious Page.— Napoleon I., in the height of his pros perity, was one night at a theatre in Paris, attended by a page, the young Prince of Leon. The eyeis of the em peror roamed absent-mindedly.around the theatre and over the assemblage. Several times they were turned on the young prince* who, was: in a meditative mood, and was giving but little attention to the parting- scene. The emperor noticed that the young man persistently kept his hands under the fur cloak lying upon his knees. Suddenly he plunged his hand under the cloak and seized the hand of the page, in which was a rosary. At that time the rosary was not in very high honor, and the prince expected an abrupt rebuke. "Ah, Augustus, I have caught you," said the emperor to the young man, who was all confusion. "That gives me pleasure. You are above all these frivoli ties around us. You have a heart; some day you will be a man." Returning him his rosary, he said—"Continue; I will not disturb you." The witnesses of this little adventure did not dare laugh at the words of the emperor. The page who prayed so did become a man. He died Cardinal Archbishop of Besancon, and left in his diocese imperishable souvenirs of his piety and benevolence. De Kontski and the Sisters. — During the stay of the octogenarian pianist, de Kontski, in Brisbane, he visited the Catholic Convent to give a pianoforte recital for the benefit of the Sisters. The latter desired that some of the elder scholars should also hear him, but the ancient would have none of that. "I blay vor de seesters," said he, "not vor de girls ; if de girls vant to hear me blay, dey gan gome to de goncert."—Sydney Bulletin. Singing Class for Church Choirs.— An excellent opportunity is afforded members of choirs and others to undergo a thorough system of vocal training by the establishment of a weekly class at Marshall's Chambers. The conductor is Mr. A. C. Quin, who is one of the most competent teachers obtainable. All in formation may be obtained from Mr. Jas. C. Gittings, Register Office. Received.—From Mr. W. C. Rigby we have received part i. of the illustrated work "Glimpses of Australia." The work contains varied and interesting photographic gems of the various colonies. The illustrations are well arranged, and are accompanied by short descriptions of the places shown. The series will be completed in twenty-four fortnightly parts, the price of each being Is. 