CARDS IN CHURCH. Thc following carious article is talion from an Knglish newspaper of thc year 1773, and is there culled the " Perpetual Almanac ; or thc Soldier's Prayer Book," by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the42nd regiment who was taken before tho Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service : The sergeant commanded the soldiers to church, ana when the parson read his prayers and took his text, those who had a Bible took it out ; but this soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Prayer Book, hut, pulling ont o pock of cards, ho spread them out before him. Ho first looked,at one card, and then at another. Thc sargeant of thc company saw him, and said : " Richard, put up the cards ; thia ia no place for thom." " Never miud that," said Richardo ? When the service was over, the constable took Richard prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. " Well," said tho Mayor, " what have you brought this soldier here for ?" " tor ploying cards in church." i " Well, soldier, what have you to shy for yourself." -?' ' . . . " Much, sir, I hope." "Very good ; if not, I will Danish you more than ever man %vas punished. "I have beeu,"said the soldier, "ahoutsix weeks on thc march : I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book : I have nothing but a common pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity cf my intentions. ' ' " Very good," said the Mayor. Then, spreading thc cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. " When I see the ace, it reminds mc there is but one God. " When I see the dence, it reminds mc of Father and Son. " Wheu I sec thc trey it reminds mc of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. " When I sec the four, it reminds me of thc four Evangelista that preached, viz. : Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. " When I soe the five, it reminds me of tho five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five wore fools and were sent out. ?' " When I Bec the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made beaven and 'earth: " When I seo the seven, it reminds me that on the Boventh day God rested from the works He had mBile, and hallowed it. 1 > " Wheu I see the eight, it reminds of thc eight righteous persons that were saved kvheh ' God drowned the world, viz. ; Noah and his wife, his'three sons and their wivcsV .' "When I see tho nine it reminds «ne of.the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. Tberewerc tcn.butninenëverreturned thanks. " Whon I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments, which God handed down to Moses on a table of atone, j " When I see .ono,.King, -it remind« mc of [tho great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. " Wheu I see thc Queen, it reminds me of thc Queen of tfheba, who went to hear Ihc wis- dom of Solomon, for she was UB wise u woman as he was a mun She brought with her fif y boys and fifty girls, ull dressed in hoya' apparel, for King Sulumou to toll which «ere girls. King Solomon sont for watcr.for them tb WOBII themselves ; the girls washed to thu elbows, And tho boys only to the wrists, so King Solomon told by this." " Well," said the Mayor, "you have given a description of every card in the pack except one." "What ist hut ?" asked the soldier. "Thc Knave," enid the Mayor. " I will give your honour a description of that, too, if you will not bc angry." " I will tint," »aid the Mayor, " if you will not term tuc tn bc a Itimvc. " " Well," said tlicsoUlier" tho greatest knave that I know of is the constable who brought mc herc." "Ido not know,"BRÍd thc Mayor, " whelh.-r he is thc greatest knave, but I know he's the greatest fool." " When 1 count h >w many spotR in a pack." continued the soldier, "I find three hmidtcd and xixty-fivv-aa many a» there ure days in thc year. " Whou I count thc number nf cards in u pack, I find thctcatc fifty two- asiminy wirke as there- «ie in a ye.tr ; and I find four suite -thc number of weeds in the mouth. " I lind there aru twelve pictnru cards in the puck, representing thu number of months in a ycdr ; mid counting the tricks I find thirteen-Mic number of weeks in c quaile)-. Sn you tee, sir, thc pick of cards serves for a Hilde, Almanac, and Common Pruyur Uuuk to me. 