PLAIN TALK ['he point) raised by the Adpenisev hat the 49th section of the Harbor Crust Act gives the Kailway Com nissioners the absolute “control and management” of the railway piers will fall like a bombshell on the Harbor Trust should it prove correct. It means that Commissioner Matliic son may reduce wharfage at the Williamstown and Port Melbourne railway piers to the bare cost, which is sixpence per ton, without any new Act of Parliament whatever; and, of course, it would pay him to do so for the sake of the railway business to and from the piers. This rate would make competition by the Harbor Trust quite impossible. We know that more towage and pilotage is paid on vessels consigned to the river than those which berth in the bay. . In return, the ship is supposed to be paid half-a-crown extra per ton; I believe this extra charge is paid in some cases, but not in all. Well, supposing we give the river consignee the benoSt of escaping from this charge, the account, with wharfage at the bay piers reduced to 6d. per ton, will stand :— River wharfage. 3 0 River stacking. O S 3 S Bay wharfage. 0 G Bay freight ... ... 3 0 y ,(j 3 6 Or a saving1 of'fcwoponnh DOT toil OH the lowest possible charges that can Be made in the river. That would shake up the Harbor Trust. It is losing £500 a |week already ; bub under this com petition it would have to give up the ghost. For my own information, I have taken the section elsewhere quoted by the Advertiser to a solicitor, and his opinion is that the Railway Depart ment have full power to (ix the wharfage rates, me control to oe exercised by the harbor master, men tioned in the section, refers to the mere handling of vessels, and has nothing to do with the wharfage charges, and there appears to bo nothing in any part of the Act taking away from the Railway Department the power conferred on it by the 49th section. i However, the depopulation of Wil liamstown goes on apace, especially in the shipping quarter. Most of the shops below Thompson street are tenantless; Mr Courtis’ shops do not pay his ground rent; four shops are vacant above Thompson street in Nelson place, and I hear of three more likely to become vacant. Thus the Town Council is affected. It would be well, therefore, to obtain counsel’s opinion as to the meaning of the 49th section, and to hand it over to Mr Styles as a trophy to present to our new railway manager. If the Railway Department has full power already to regulate all charges on the railway piers, there is no necessity for an amendment of the Harbor Trust Act to confer such power; it is not necessary to sever this town from the jurisdiction of that body scarcely any legislation is required to establish a free port here, if a free port is seriously asked for. In fact, a heap of possi \- 'ijuibicuiu.^ngo upon tho mind should the interpretation placed upon the 49th section by the Advertiser prove correct. Reclamation of tho foreshore will stand over until after the municipal elections. The arguments in its favor are shortly these; in Geelong, the Western Beach has been reclaimed at the sole cost of the Government; in Port Melbourne, St. Kilda, West Mel bourne and Greenwich, large areas have been reclaimed at the sole cost of the Harbor Trust; in Williamstown, the Back Beach has been reclaimed exclusively at the cost of the Town Council. Thus three bodies—tho Harbor Trust, the Council and the State—on each of which this town is represented, are committed to the principle. The cost of landing and spreading is 7d per cubic yard ; of this amount two-thirds, or 44d per cubic yard, is expended in tho present process of disposing of silt by throwing it into the bay ; so that only one-third of the actual cost of reclamation has to be provided for, and there are three bodies between which this may be dis tributed. Again, it is doubtful if, by using the most modern appliances, the cost of landing may not be further reduced. The idea is to ascertain tho quantity of material that would bo required to fill in to-the alignment of the Nelson place reserve, the Pasco street block, tho Ferguson street block and the Mariner street block, which would complete the work, as the old river reclamation is to be carried in shore at this point. The information is easily got, as the Town Surveyor could supply it; and when once it is obtained, there is no reason to suppose thae it will prove useful and lead to business. Much'has been said about the coroner’s jury last week in the case of Thomas Blandy’s death bringing in a verdict that it was a case of suicide whilst of sound mind. The consequence of finding Blandy sane at the timo .he took his life, was that no burial certificate was allowed and the inter ment took place at night. Policeman are callous enough of a rulo; but the one who was requested to be presentat the burial, tells me that a midnight funeral is about the most lonesome and dismal spectacle he over saw or heard of. Sir John Moore was buried “ by the struggling moonbeam's misty light and the lantern dimly burning,’’ but Blandy’s interment did not take place in an open field; the night was bitter cold, sloppy and dark; a way had to be threaded at midnight through a silent graveyard ; tombs, epitaphs, monuments and. rail ings were stumbled over as the solitary and shivering mourners followed the fitful light of a handlainp. The jury probably did not foresee all this, and I can hardly blame them. They did not imagine such an out-of-date and barbarous law remained on the statute book. They went by the evidence; and a son of the deceased and the doctor who attended him said he was singularly rational during his illness. The state of his mind, however, at the time he took his life, is purely a matter of conjecture, and juries, as a rule, take the views that men who slay themselves are insane, but it is against the present law rather than the present jury that we should direct our efforts and indignation. 