CATHOLIC NOTES- Nothing (says the " Catholic Times.'') has been stated in the Mexican papers with regard to the; " massacre" of Protestant missionaries, of which such a thrilling description was given some time ago in the British press. It is now clear the report was entirely a work of imagination. But of course, no contradiction will appear in the papers that published it . . The Grand Chartreuse ,of Grenoble has given 50,000 francs for the completion of the Chapel of St Bruno, in the new Church of the Sacred Heart, Montmartre, Paris. _ , . • • ,. After a solemn High Mass, of the Holy Ghost in the Cathedral on lTth December, the parish priests of the diocese of Kildare and Leighlfti held a meeting for the purpose of selecting name* for the position of coadjutor- Bishop. The following is^the. WfeBSr v^i'il&dafe;^exfi afclMSr m J * ; Dlgoio'rythe Very EesV Anrarew Phelau,; p.p„ V,F«, Maryborough- _ ' m ti J«akiru,BeSB£r, She Hungarian; Vhbse^wi^ioii^WJ the Church to study theology. He^ is wfell^ag The death of Cardinal Bonaparte reduces to seven the dumber of the members of the SacredTollege created by Pius IX. The late Cardinal was noted for his charity, and would sometimes give away his silk handkerchief, when his pocket was emptied of every species of coin. Having divided his large patrimony /among! his relations, be lived with great simplicity. To the Church of the Sacred Heart, Wimbledon, has been given the privilege of erecting a memorial to the late Tr. Morris, S.J. (brother of Professor Morris of the Melbourne University), whose sad and sudden death in the pulpit of that church just three years ago is well remembered. The memorial consists of some very excellent additions, to the handsome cliuroh in which Fr. Morris breathed his last M. BarthelCmy, mongeriau, Acadarneciai, philosopher, and one of France's grandest, old men, who died recently, was held in the highest esteem to the end, no less for his virtues than for his great attainments. Like De Lesseps and l}ke Louis Pasteur, to mention but two great names from the list" of those whom France has recently lost, St. Hilaire was a practising Catholic. The funeral at the church of St. Honore d'Eylau was, In accordance with his own wish, of the simplest character—no flowers and no ostentation. The Spanish correspondent of the Catholic Times " learns that two English ladies, the Misses Baylis, have recently been received into the Catholic Church at Corunna, and Miss Laura Butler de Muro at Madrid. A soldier, mimed Ventura Grijalba, who was brought up a Protestant, has also become a convert at Madrid. The Queen Regent of Spain was godmother of- the convert invited him to the Palace, and presented him with £20 and a massive gold chain. Deep regret has been occasioned by the announcement of the death of the Right Rev. Dean Kennedy, the parish priest of James'-street Church, Dublin. He was aged over eighty years, and was in the fifty-ninth year of his priesthood, thirty- nine of which he had spent in the parish. For a very great number of years he was the chaplain to Kilmainhain Prison. T. S. Xit.ti. Professor of Political Economy at. the University of Naples, has published a new work, entitled " Catholic Socialism." It is translated by Mary Mackintosh. The Rev. Fr. i\ It. Davoren. of St., John's Church. Wilcannia, N.S.W., was among the victims who have died from the jrecent great heat He died oh Frf- -January. 