9 THE DOCTRINE OF THE HOLY TRINITY. [By Basil Wilbkrfohce, D.D., Canon of Westminster.] Feel after Him and find Him— He is not far from everyone of us— in Him we live and move and have our being. . . . For we are also His oSspring. — ActdxviL, 27. One of the profouudest thinkers of our day, commenting upon the passage 1 have here quoted, says— 'We caunot grasp boundless ness, but it ought to be clear to our reason that there is one whose prerogative is bound lessness of thought and knowledge ; a soul which knows how to do things, from the con struction of solar systems to the building of birdb' nests, pervades the universe and makes it one. The perfection of the Divine Spirit is revealed in the exquisite relation of sun and planets, in the bee and its work, 111 tlie ant and its prevision, in every bell of the lily, and every drop of rain. And un searchable, incommunicable as is the Infinite, the 'Ail in All,' Hie greatness is tor us all, house and home for us all, around us all, in us all — one all-containing Soul, Life, Love.' No man can be accused of ' rushing in where angels fear to tread' if he 'feels after' and in a measure 'finda' this universal Parent Spirit, as the blind man feels after and finds the fire, as the rosebud feels after and finds the sunshine, as the infant feels after and finds the bosom of its mother. St. Paul said, 'Some have not the know ledge of God,' and he added, somewhat re proachfully, 'I speak this to your shame,' as if implying that a human life unawakeued to the truth of Divine Fatherhood is greatly impoverished and perilously lacking in the highest motives to rijjht action. To-day we commemorate and reaffirm the order of thought, in which the interior nature of fcha Supreme All-producing Intelligence has been unfolded to the rumd of man. To-day the God whom we are bidden to ' feel after and find' is dogmatically declared to be a Thrceness in Unity. Not a threeness locally or mechani cally distinct, but a Threeness so essentially interfused as to be inconceivable if its perfect unity is questioned. Not a three nesa . gradually evolved, and at a definite time assumed, as if the Supreme In telligence after a period begat tho Word, and after a further period sent forth the Spirit ; but a threeness which has been date lessly and eternally, always and unalterably Throe. The word 'Trinity' is entirely human and therefore, inadequate ana Scripturally unauthorised, but it is sufficiently appropriate. It interprets the sacred mysteries of the extinguished ages, it con cretes the intuitive perceptions and affirma tions of God discoverable in the God-ward thoughts of men thousands of rears ago. The names Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are Scriptural, and arc revealed accommodations to the mind of finite man of the several opera tions towards humanity of the universal Parent Spirit in whom 'we live and move and have our being.' There is nothing dis respectful to the definitions and conclusions of the strong thinkers of the past in saying that upon no dogma of the Catholic Church has the illuminating raj of the teaching Spirit fallen with greater power than upon the Divine formula which expresses the doctrine of the Trinity, clearing it of much intellectual confusion, and disrobing it of many materia listic presentments. It was a definite promise of God Incarnate that the Divine influence of instruction, or the Holy Spirit, should ' take of the things of Christ and show them unto men'— in other words, that He should unfold, develop, spiritualise the conceptions of the early Christian faith, revealing gradually, as meu should be al-le to assimilate thera, higher, nobier views of the nature, character, and pur pose of the Eternal Father. It is, I suppose, inevitable that timid hearts, rooted in the traditions of the past, iron-bound in antiquated definitions, when the Spirit taught intuitions of leading minds in the church tend towards the modification of rudi mentary view3 of the nature of God and His re lation towards humanity, should imagine that the foundations of faith are shaken.- They for fet, however, that the Christ told us that when lia visible presence was removed He would speak by His Spirit, as He had only delivered the preliminaries of His full message; that there were truths yet to be unfolded, over and above His verbal teaching, which men would receive and assimilate as the generations suc ceeded ons another, and 'the thoughts of men widened with the progress of tlie- suns,' I ~~~- .????? ???.-. — ?' .--'- ?: ?'??*^^!mSBs have been told jbj «xperts--£, ^jOj^mSS^Sm upon my own o1»aBr^^-^at^n^i)Sii^^| mere who , built tiibse Vinarvgl3;6f iniaaw^^H the Pyramids ^of -the ^XUe- ^i-ier-*5iiSllll slanting shaft Jtbroughr the larger Jpyiimi^a which pointeSr direct, to vihe ^le^i^^H and that in 'those dayB had you azaSeaSi heavenward through the (Shaft rato^hlli Eastern night the Pole-star alone wbiM^a have met your eye. It was irirthe ages oi-jfc|ie|i|i| past, it was when the Southern OroWiwas^Jl visible from the British Isles. Slbwly,- itnwr.^^ ceptibly, the orientation of the planet 'liaS«i|§l changed. Did you now look up into the BiidiftS night sky through the shaft in the Great JPyrS.;^ mid you would not see the Pole-star; new :T|| brilliant space- worlds would Bhino down on y;;;^ you. But the heavens have not altered* wid/x^l the shaft of tho pyramid is not guilty, .^Bor-^ to speak, of uuorthddoxy. 'A new view* flft of the heavens has quietly come, ' Aae* J iM the earth's axis has changed its Dlace.t:'feS Similarly it is the work of tub ^piriftv 0^ of the ascended Jesus to advance thov^jft' axis of the Church of God from glory to glory.i'r -^ Conceptions of tho Universal Soul, r once' : ^ prominent before the telescope of human' faith ;*?S and aspiration grow, enlarge, expand. He ;V- k~ changeth not ; He is ever the same; but wnatfr.'-^ men see of Him changes — changes without: .''?? ^ contradiction of the past conceptions ; changes ?.;???, as the streak of dawn changes into sunrise, as - ij sunrise changes into perfect day. And these conceptions will change until knowledge, In the sense of the acquisition of facts, shall be no more, and intuitive perception of .'tii transcendent majesty of the Universal Life shall fill our souls for ever. Thus has the teaching Spirit been progressively illuminating the great central truths of Christian theology The acknowledged poverty of human lan guage in expressing divine truth, and tho pre vailing impression that divine truth once for mulated into language represented.finality-are mainly responsible for a certain mental con- fusion, which has resulted in a conception which amounts practically to Tri-theism, the inevitable reaction against which has been the propagation of those tenets which have re- ceived the name of Unitarianism. Augustine, who in his de Trinitate protests against the use of the word persona as likely to lead men to think of Father, Son, and' Holy Spirit as mechanically distinct, says that the word persona was only used because of the poverty of the Latin tongue as compared with the Greek. This mechanical distinction was emphasised and stereotyped by tho works of the great painters, who constantly represented the Trinity as a venerable bearded figure receiving with affection a younger person marked with tlie stigmata of the Passion, and accompanied by a symbolic dove. It may fairly be asserted that the only doctrine of the Holy Trinity ever presented to Mahomet was that pf the Collyridians, so called from Collyri a kind of cake that they offered to tho Virgin Mary, and whose three persons in the Trinity consisted of Father, Son, and Virgin Mary In all probability the reaction in the mind of Mahomet against this miserable materialistic counterfeit of Christian doctrine, which did violence to his best instincts, accounted for the fanatical zeal with which he devastated Chris tian lands uuder his monotheistic war-cry, ' Allah il allah— there is but one God.' The threefold plurality in the inner nature of the universal soul is now recognised by every reverent thinker as being not threcdiatiuct wills, consciences, intellects, but as one elemental substance following the universal law of being, manifestation, and outflowing influence. The . names Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are a mode of expressing the intense nearness that the all-inclusive spirit of love claims with ' * every department, every need, every mental attitude of the life of man. In their deepest meaning they signify love in essential being, love in manifestation, love in eternal pro cession. They literally enwrap us, surround us, uitcrsphere us with love. They appeal to man to rest in the infinity, in the endless-. _' ness of the love of the God - who made him. They analyse tlie nature of God as, . first, eternal substance, out of Whom all forms of existence emerge, Who is wholly un- .?.??:'-'; thinkable apart from manifestation, and in -?'--, this connection He is named God the Father j as, secondly, the clothing of this Eternal Sub- -; stance in all forms of matter and men, and tho specific embodiment of so much of its moral qualities as can bo understood by men in one human form, and iu this connection He is named God the Son, as in Him the entire race is proclaimed to be an expression of the thought or reason of the Eternal Substance. The relation of Jesus to the Universal Soul is ? - . remotely paralleled by the relation of the rainbow to light. The rainbow reveals the inner structure of light; Jesus reveals the inner moral nature of God. We are indebted' , to a philosophic Jew, Benedic Spinoza, for one of the finest conceivable definitions of this relationship between Jesus and God. In his 21st epistle Spinoza say^: — .. 'The eternal wisdom has manifested itself in iill things, most of all in the human mind, but most transcendentally in Jesus Christ.' And, thirdly, as the parpetual influence, or atmosphere, or outbreath of the eternal sub stance manifested in the Christ pulsing through the spirit of man, blending his life with the life of Go3, empowering, sanctifying, warning, attracting ; and in .this connection He is named God the Holy Ghost. More over the threeness presents no perplexity .; to the rational faculty and no violation to the mental conception of unity- Plurality in unity has always been recognised by the philosophic thinker ; it pervades Zoroas trianism, it is taught in the vedas,; and even in the decadent forms of modern Hinduism, where Divine attributes are personified and worshipped by the million, if you were to ask a thoughtful Hindoo, whom you had just seen make an offering to Kali or Ganesh, how many ; gods there wen\ ho would reply unhesita- . .' , tingly, Ekain evadvityain — ' there is but one, and no second.' Why, why, then, should noO ;; world-wearied, saddened hearts to whom the ...'??.; Christian revelation has come in all its fulness, ' .?'??., cease on Trinity Sunday from aimless beating of : \^M wings aprainst the bars of this life's cage and ?'*? abide in tho peace of this holy knowledge? It \'.,'Z~J, is not sufficient to be assured that ' this 'grace ;;*ti of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God,-. ^::^ and the communion of the Holy Spirit'-are\ ;?';£ with us evermore ; that man in all his weak- ,'u nesB is united to this omnipotent triple tO.Jiauce ;„-:,« of power, helpfulness, aud influence? Will we .?: ,J not to-day lift up our hearts, however sad and,.,-,;':'. perplexed they may be, and say, ' Glory be to the Father,' the unfathomable Parent source ;i whence we came ? . . 'if. What is more tender than a taother's love to fho '- ;^ infant foudlcd in her anus? .. '' ~'- What arguments need lie»- compassion tuove to heat :;S its cries and help it in its harms? \'£% Now, i£ the tenderest motiier were possessed ri OJ aU the love wKkin her single breast ? :?'? Of all the mothers since the world began, Tis nothing to the love of God for man. Will we not say, 'Glory be to the Son,' the sacrament of the Infinite Compassion, the image of the invisible mother-heart, the Light of the world, the all-conquering brother of the race ? Will we not say, ' Glory be to the Uoly Ghost,' the spiritualised continuation on the earth of the heart of Jesus ; the abiding, interpenetrating influence of the Eternal Parent; the Enlighteuer, the Strengthened the Comforter ? \- There is a command implied in my text, v and it is one that must be obeyed. It is, 'Feel after Him and tind Him.' Feel; don't try to see : feel with the sensibili ties of the soul, with the antennas of the spirit. 'He is not far from everyone of us.' The universe glows with His presence — 'Earth's crammed with heaven, and every common bush afire with God.' Some feel and are cautiously reluctant to acknowledge that they have found. Herbert Spencer, whose reverent mind has helped the thought of the age, says : 41 The consciousness of an inscrutable power manifested through all phenomena grows clearer; the certainty that such a power exists is the conclusion to which science inevitably arrives.' Yes, hut what is the Varne of this inscrutable power ? A fire-mist ami a planet, A crystal and a cell, A jelly-fish and a Eaurian, And caves where the cave-men dwell. Then, a sense of law a»d beautj-, And a face turned from the clod — Some call it evolution, And others call it God. Was not Longfellow ' feeling after Him and finding Him' when, gazing Into the glittering myetery of the midnight heavens, he wrote : — Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven, Blossomed the lovely stars, the forget-me-nots of the angels. Feel after Him. In moments, of solitari ness, with a strong, eager, mental effort, open forth your inmost spirit and force it to gaze into God- He is not far from every one of us. In His light shall our spirits see light, and as ?we see His light we become blinded for the time to aught else. It is thus with the bodily eye. Gaze into the sun in his splendor aucl then look around you and you can distinguish nothing-; the blaze of light has obliterated the ' features of .the world around you. Only as the blaze fades do the common objects of life come back to your sight. Gaze sometimes thus with the spiritual eye intensely into God. ; Know that He (surrounds, enwraps, pene trates, and, above all, loves. While the blaze lasts you can see nothing earthly. The sordid troubles of life, the bitter griefs ? and pains, the agouy of separation and ? bereavement, the gnawing of worry and temptation— where are they? You cannot see them ;, in His light you are seeing light, and while you see it you can see nothing «lse. Yes, they will reappear, they must re appear when the glare of heaven fades. They are neediul ; they are your education ; but , faith grows clearer, endurance grows stronger, God grows nearer for losing sight of them for a time. Realise what it all means. This re velation of nsan's iuseverability from God is a challenge to awake to a sente of our lofty destiny and cogent responsibilities. Shall a child of the God of the most Holy Trinity forget his lineage, dishonor his parentage in shameful, self -engendered degradation? Consider we arc human, we are fallible, we are sinners. We fall from our standard, overcome by appetite, by anger, by pride— some in one way, somo in ? ' another. Think what is the sin that doth most easily beset you. Perhaps no one knows it but you ; bring it mentally out, let it not elude you. Strip it of its self -excusing shams, hold it up in the light of the presence of the God of the Holy Trinity, and see it shrivel and die. Why do the sunny rooms in the hospitals turn out the greater number of cured patients? Why, because science — which is man thinking ~ ' God's thoughts after Him— has, discovered \- . . that bright sunlight kills the bacteria of infeo ?'/ tion and putrefaction;. _ Water containing '?'?.. 10,000 germs to the cubic inch has been experi mentally proved to contain no germs at all : . after an hour's exposure to intense and direct . sunlight. Thus shall it be with the heart r forcibly exposed to God. The sunshine ?' of God, felt after, gazed into intensely, shall kill the disease-germs of the soul — the bacteria of degradation. Is there a diseased soul here — one mourning after the defilement of a fall, one who longs truly, eagerly to be cured? 'Feel after Him and find Him'— do it here, now, today. Force the heart-corruption into His very presence— 'Speak to Him thou, for He heareth. bay, 'Thou who art love and light and power, pour Thy searching, purifying, germ-kilhng sunshine into the dark recesses of my soul. 1 am feeling after Thee, I have found Thee. Thou art not far from every one of us ; we are Thine offspring ; in undivided Threeness Thou art enfolding us.' So let the anthem of praise arise. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end.' Amen. 