The Good Old Days, ("African Critic.") It. was midnight on the prairie, and the shades of night fcld over the \ved. Al \eroi Van 1)D Potselhwoen joil isat upon a peblble before the stooeep of the old homesteatd, sipping the water in which she had for' years soaked herIc01 nllcllh-tlrea sullred coffee grolnds. Outwardly she was calm, even phlegmatie, but inwardly he1r heart was Ilhe\'avy-so heavy that hler corporeal weight, it tIille of, perlhalps, :9 stone, was as nothing to it. A deep sigh, of some minutes' duration, ,t, hookl her clapacius breast as sheo gazed at. the charming stony expanse of dCesert outspreald before h1er, which consti tulted the Potschwoenjoil Farm; and, unconscioustly, a luarge teal, larger and rountler than the largest and round est pearl, welled from her eye, and, roll ing down her nose, fell pluamp against the coffee cup, lknocking it over, spill ing the hot water over her dress, and finally cma?hing tile cuil into frag ments against her unturnedO foot. "Confoundl it," she ejaculated, as she contemplated the fragments of her cherished D)resdlen earthenware. "An evil genius watches over my house. Ach! wat cen cngeluk!" "What. is it, Meviouw?" asked, in stentorian tones, Mynheer Potschwoenjoil, approaching slowly as this plaintive cry of distress smote upon hiss ear. . lie was only about three-quarters of a mile off, but she could hear him perfectly, and, as her voice was, like' the majority of voices of Boer women, exquisitely "soft and low, and excellent Living in woman," le was enabled, to hear every word she uttered in reply. "It is that slut, Victoria Augustina BettLye," answered. Mevrouw, too agi tated to pause for the choice epithets by which! she usually described her Kaffir maid. "If she bad not made it so late, I should. not have come out here to drink the coffee; then I should, not have had to place it, so, upon my knee' to cool; my heart would not ha.ve been touched by the fascination of the ostrich, evening song; 1 should, not have wept, and therefore I should not have scalded my knee, or broken my choicest earthenware against my new hilppo bluchers." "it is even so,," nnswer'?d Mynheer, continuing to approach; "now is it im possible to I.eprove even a Hottentot ci Kafflir serving man?" "Or woman," amended Mcvrouw. "In the good old days I would have beaten her about the heal with my foot before she would have dared to answer me; now if I so much as raise my, hand she will tell me she will go; she will give me thla go. Am 1 mistress of my house or is she?" "It is too true," assented Mynheer sadly. "And as with the maids, so with. the men. Do - I but command that the work be finished, they will talk to me of a price per hour. A price! Ini the old, days, as you say, 1 would have sjamboked all, did they .so muchi as hesitate to con tinue at my order. Now it, is forbid den, and they will crawil to the nearest landdrost if I hut raise mjy whip. It is the faults of those rooineks and the curse of God. We that were once masters arc now aliens inrr the country of our choice. It has bean taken over our head-s by the never-to-be- suffl clently verdoemde Engelschmaan. Our race is run. You and I, the last of the Boers, have sat here while our hair has grown white, and we have watched th-em cne by one inspan- and trek into the interior, searching even for the unknown country where as yet the English fools have penetrated not. They h;ave -not found it, and they have died on the road of grief that the old ways of our forefathers, preserved and earried out even by us in our, the last, generation, have sufficed them not, but have failed tol retaln supre auncy to us, the salt of the earth." "Yea, there is no consolation," sobbed Mevrouw Potschwoenjoil, wiping her eyes on the dishcelout. "Justice is gone out of the land. Four witnesses did I bring against Mevrouw Robin sona in my slander casa, and still was I accused of lying and compelled 0to eat my words. That in truth were no great matter, but they emptied my pockets also, the jackals." "You did wrong to attack her," reproved' Myn beer, staying his progress towards her for a moment. "Thou knowest that nowadays there are no juries of our fellow-countrymen to decide on every case in accordance with our wishes, as heretofore. Besides," he added slowly, In wonderful disregard of his usual caution, "she did no harm.' "What!" screamed Mevrouw. furl ou0sly, "I am to be attacked, and' I am not to open my lips In reply? Did she not accuse me of lying-me,-- in respect to the, girl Bettyec, and shall I not answer- true or falsely? 11 can defend myself .still, praise be to Him. Come here and I will show you." Mov rouw attempted to rise from her sit ting position; that, however, was a, work of time, and oddly enough th.o gallant Mynheer showed no disposition to hurry to her assistance. "Well, well," he proceeded slowly, "I meant nothing; as you say, we are poor, and we are unjustly taxed. The Robinson laager, not half a mile to the west. ward, will yield against mine in the proportion of five to one, yet I must pay eveni as he does. I know not how this is; and: when I am accused of idleness in not, developing thli re sources of my land-so the ignorant pig of the unwished-for rooinek news paper describes it-what can I say? 1 cannot fly in thb face of Providence, and demand as much, from the land as He has granted to Robinson, for He has clearly decided in his favour, and to dispute would be' impious; therefore I must. sit down and be con tent." "If the taxes are; not paid, they will not suffc'r us to sit. down In pea.co," grumbled AlMevromw. "W\I4y should we pay taxes? Dloes not the land belong to us? In the: old days the Uitllanders paid all the taxes-ay, and; sometimes something over, and welcome, anid we disturbed, them not; now that, they sit in the high' place;2 they arei swollen, up witll pride, and they say it. is lnot, enough, weo must pay a.lso, and otherwise one, cannotl persuado them." "Nor bribe," an swerel Mynheer most sorrowfully. "Nowladays it is imlpossible to( bribel) even a Zarp. The fear i'l' the Governor is stiong 111)On thelll, a1m It lhy also de sire to obtain his approlbation. Well -hli isý a. strongi l mail," li1 addcd, als lhe expectorated around rellectively and copiously." All Englis-h ae not s.lrong; we have laughpied a'l. mllle Ihat, have conie here in the old days, but. we( d(o not laugh: now--they have sent us a man111, indeed. WeU have suff'ered 11no famini e, uind ,er his 11rule; also 1 the ,ievw roa;ds :.12n wolilerl'ill, and tlspar the oxen. As for (Il lIowns, thllc, say b1il. into 0lhOF(I I d() nol, go." "(CnII Ihe (Ollin[lal(l tIhe r'alnll?'.? p e d'I| eI Meiv'ouIV. "'l'?Cre is I11uc(h talk of Ihal," answered Myulfe'r, enIltiously and doulltfully; "but I give no heed; only I have s'en the work; of the w11terleiding 11lI 1ts1cha1 ij, and whaty is done therein L ann.ot say." "..May the curse of heaven fall u on, tile land and blot, it. ot, as t he L:uil of our fatlhers has hten blolt.ed out.," said Mvrolw solcmnly. "Thei rililw:ays have :1n dcOCd all. plotllling useless. i/rom. elnd to end of the counlriy their ilroll lines and their wires, not. thick as the half of Ily' little finger, extend. There is no end to them and thii;ri cursed i1m 1pro\vemelnts. Undelr t:heir Tule the naltiv\es floll ish and dcfy tis, andI a're co0ntclnt. There is no pealce illn life, andll much do I doubl that t hey wi'l ever allow our bones to enjoy peace even ill ldeath. IDo you nol remlemllIr i:. IIts been said that our hlomcstead cuts off the largest reef 'of the Arizona mines? Could we lCstlroy our honme for money, as they propose? No; but you may be su(la the vultures will descend upon. it at our death. Were it not for this, tlhe thought of the last, sleep would be sweet for me, for I am1 old; but to be come an imerfect ghost, seeking a.1 ways for the remainder of one's bones, would be too horible. Could one a1 pear at the Last Judgmnent without one's legs or one's hLad? It would be ilmpnlossible." "Peace, woman; you chill me with your melancholy forebodings," complained Mynheer. -He shiver'cd, and looked ,round over hi1 shoulder, ha11f suspic.ion0ll Y, ha1lf fearfully. "l.elt us go within and sleep. 1y the me1rcy of hleaven we do not ineed l.if an 10hour's plepara,tion andi special suits whenl wo ale woaly. Come!" 'Ihe next half hour was devoted to raising and getting tile fair Potsch woenjoil safely on the weigh-way, of cOUlIeC. Then this patliarclhal pair leptL the nervousll and unhappy.I sleep of those who, standing on the worn and slippery stepping stones o1' "As it was to my forefathers so it sihal:I b-, to me," would hold back withl their hands tile overwhelming onward 1rush( of the waters of humanll. p'rogris and devclolp Ient., but are iound to 1perish if they will not join forces with tile forward and upward evolution of the best for the race and for the worldI. 