THE RECENT PLENARY COUNCIL. PASTORAL LETTER or ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. THE EDUCATION QUESTION We have been favoured with copies of the Pastoral Letter of the Archbishops and Bishops of Australia assembled in Second Plenary Council. The length of the document precludes its publication in full ; but we select the following passages as being of most general interest : FAITH-nSTSCPIRED ZEAL OF THE CHURCH. After the Introductory paragraphs the letter, which is addressed to the clergy and laity of their charge, proceeds, It is this consuming desire to bring our Divine Lord into the hearts and homes of men which stimulates the priest, and sustains him in the midst of his anxieties ; which sheds over the lives of those who have given up domestic comforts in order to serve God with an undivided heart, a joy that surpasses all understanding ; which nerves Catholics as a body to confront privations and sacrifices in behalf of that which they put above all price, the faith once delivered to the saints. The Catholic population of Australasia is something more than 800,000. Without aid of any sort from the public funds to which they contribute, they support about 90ft. priests, secular and regular ; they maintain nearly 400 teaching brothers, over 3000 sisters ; they have twenty-two colleges for boys and young men, 114 board- ing schools for girls, 146 superior schools for extras, about 800 primary schools, sixty-two charitable institutions, and nearly 100,000 children attending Catholic schools. These facts speak eloquently for the earnestness of Catholic faith. For it is this living, energising principle which has called those institutions into existence, and maintains them in their manifold variety. It is this spirit of faith which imparts to Catholic councils their unique character for when the pastors of the Catholic Church assemble to devise remedies for existing needs, they are fortified by the consciousness that they know their own minds and the minds of their people ; they feel certain that their enactments will not remain a dead letter, and that the words they publish will not fall to the ground. FRIENDLY DISPOSITION TOWARDS THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. ObserVan't visitors to these colonies have been struck by the consideration which the Catholic Church everywhere enjoys, and by the rapid disappearance of those dare prejudices against Catholic doctrines and institutions which immigrants from the old lands took with them almost unawares. They were hardly to blame. In their minds the Catholic Church was a hateful monster such, indeed, as never existed, and Could not have long existed, amongst men. It was a fiction handed down from evil days. It was the offspring of ignorance and credulity, and nothing could have availed to, kill it but actual knowledge. That knowledge came when men found themselves on these virgin lands united together in a common struggle with the forces of nature, and inspired by a common, ambition to raise up a new nation. The spirit of citizenship is incompatible with social ostracism ; the honest heart of the hardy pioneer goes out readily to his fellow-worker irrespective of differences in religious belief. The sentiment of fair play, the principle of equal rights, has triumphed over prejudice and although it may take long to clear away all misconcep- tions, yet we are convinced that the people of Australia will never wittingly approve of persecution, and that year by year they will take a more favourable view of the Church's aims. A free, energetic, and progressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which befit freemen and safeguard progress and as they realise the action of the Church upon the individual conscience and upon public senti- ment, they will, we are sure, welcome so salutary an influence. WORK OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. The Catholic Church has never shrunk from inviting inquiry into her works. Conscious of being the witness and teacher appointed unto mankind by Him' who appealed to His Works in proof of His divine mission, she confidently invites all men to judge her by her works, to test her by her fruits. Her credentials are indeed manifold. They cover her past history since the dawn of prophecy. They meet and satisfy the mind on every plane of Investigation ; but by a marvellous dispensation of divine wisdom they are virtually summarised so as to be brought home to the Capacities of all in every single age by the simple spectacle of the Church in her daily life. HINDRANCES TO CATHOLIC PROGRESS. We have spoken hopefully of the prospect that opens to the Church in these colonies, founding our confidence upon the innate vigour of the Church itself and upon the generous character of the Australian people. But we must not close our eyes to the many grave obstacles that beset Catholic progress. If the public mind shows Itself open to fair statement, it is constitutionally, and all but unconsciously, prepossessed against all truths which claim obedience on the ground of supernatural revelation. The spirit of this age is opposed to the super- natural order, and outside the Catholic Church, the spirit of the age is in the ascendant. The revolt of the past four centuries has proceeded, logically in the direction of its initial movement. The fathers rebelled against God's Church ; the children are now repudiating God Himself. The sentiment of reverence, once the basis of order, is now defined as a weakness, and truths the most sacred are travestied without eliciting a rebuke. The organs through which the public mind expresses itself are unmistakably securailiat. The Press of these colonies is almost wholly secularist and while we thankfully acknowledge its candour in deal- ing with Catholic subjects, we cannot forbear insisting that its tone is alien, and that it necessarily militates against the diffusion of Catholic thought and the formation of Catholic opinion. Out- side the pale of the Church the Australian people have declared themselves so far on the side of secularism. They favour secularism in the Press ; they have established secularism in the school ; they connive at secularism in all the departments of national economy. No religious authority besides the Catholic Church has made any serious attempt to dispute the ascendancy of secularism. Akin to secularism is the inordinate desire of wealth. Secularism would have men live upon bread alone, scorning the word of God as folly. By an inevitable law the greed of earth grows Insatiate, for the whole world cannot satisfy hungry soul. This all-devouring gold hunger paralyses the divine life which was infused into the soul through the sacrament of baptism ; it suits the noble faculties of heart and mind whose orderly development, under the light and warmth of God's grace, constitutes the particular object of Catholic discipline and affords the surest guarantee of domestic peace and national stability. The Church loves the poor for their sufferings, but does not wish their poverty. She has been to infant peoples the nurse of discipline, the inspirer of the useful arts ; she sanctified labour by placing all its branches under heavenly tutMage ; she encouraged thrift and co-operation, and rejoiced in the comfort and pride pendence of the people. But she loves Lazarus rather than the rich man " who was clothed in purple and fine linen, and feasted sumptuously every day." She is not ashamed to be stigmatised as the Church of the poor for she remembers how hard it is for those who are rich to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Happiness, peace, and contentment are not the portion of the rich. ' There is a third symptom of our national life which fills us with concern ; we mean the comparative weakness of domestic ties. The immigrants to these new lands had beautiful traditions of home-life, its authority, its reverence, and Its manifold sanctities. These gentle influences are, we fear, on the wane in Australia. Children are apt as they grow up to neglect their parents ; brothers and sisters going forth into the world soon lose sight of one another. The result is that parents have to bear the chagrin of being forsaken in their old age by the children whom they toiled so hard to rear and educate ; while these in turn suffer much by the loss of those intimate family relations which, in creating a certain solidarity of name and character, have in other lands often restrained passion and nerved the de- spondent. Pride and, haughtiness covetousness and love of the world, disobedience to parents and want of affection, are but too characteristic of our times. These baneful influences per- meate the moral atmosphere in which we live. They are the chief obstacles to the expansion of Catholic faith, and they are the fountain sources of those dangers against which we have to warn our people in season and out of season, the dangers of mixed marriages and irreligious education. Of these dangers we shall treat more in detail. In considering the antidotes which the Church employs against these baneful influences, and dealing particularly with various matters of detail in the conduct of the duties of the clergy and their relation to the different forms of Church life and activity, the following passage occurs regarding BENEFIT SOCIETIES. The Church has ever encouraged the Poor to help themselves by mutual co- operation. The history of the guilds of the Ages of Faith shows how minute and far-reaching was the rational ccl lectivism which she promoted. Every industry, every trade and craft, had its proper guild, the chief object of which was to defend the interests of its members against encroachments from without and against one another by secur- ing competence and skill as a condition of membership. The guild was in its entire life permeated by a thoroughly Catholic spirit. It had its patron saint, its chapels in the parochial and cathedral churches, its special holidays, its . contributing for spiritual as well as temporal needs and whenever beset with difficulties it looked to the Church for support. The Church was then a powerful patron. Monarchs and nations were effectually held in restraint by her. She opposed kings and em- perors courageously when she felt it a duty to cross their wishes ; but she did not oppose the designs of the Commons when they united into municipal bodies for mutual aid and protection. She rather incurred the displeasure of liege lords by her sympathies with those steady, self-reliant workers. The relations of the Church to the world are- now different, but her spirit is not changed ; she looks to the honest boilers for the best achievements of her civilisation, and is fain to see them, unembarrassed by obstructions which are not inherent in the nature of things. She refuses to regard the worker as a mere producing machine ; his dignity as man, his duties and rights as father, his wants spiritual and corporal, impose conditions which must not be wholly set aside by the operation of any economic laws whatso- ever. Such laws must, indeed be respected. impracticable schemes will be sure to recoil upon the workers themselves if they dare to indulge in them ; but the advocates of economic science have not seldom appealed to it in justification, of measures which experience has Since proved to be as unnecessary as they were mischievous. The workers stand in need of defence ; let them de- fend themselves. But let them! bear in mind that a man's worst enemy may be of his own household, and that when they are led by incompetent or unscrupulous guides, they are sure to fall into evils worse than those from which they seek to escape. They cannot violate the laws of justice and honesty with impunity ; but they can, and ought to protect themselves against unscrupulous exactions. At present it seems impossible to realise in this new country the ideal which presided over guild life in the Age of Faith, and which is urged in the Encyclical of the Sovereign Pon- tiff namely, the amalgamation in one society of the interests of employers and employed. In time things may issue In some such harmonious fusion ; but for the present it appears necessary that the workers should combine amongst themselves for mutual aid, and that they should be guided in their actions by strictly moral principles. , We, therefore, desire that our Catholic people who have to live by their toil should form themselves into such a body, and perhaps it is best that they accept and de- velop those Catholic benefit societies which exist already In these colonies. It must be borne in mind that the members of Catholic benefit societies are bound to comply with the religious, ordinances of the Church. They will be expected to set an example of regular observance In attending the Sunday's mass and approaching the sacraments. They are not asked to do works of supererogation ; they are simply called upon to comply with the laws which bind all Catholics. With regard to the internal administration of the society, and espe cally its temporalities, the Church will not seek to interfere with Its workings. But the priest ought to ascertain whether the branch- under his spiritual guidance is on a sound basis, and whether it is being competently and honestly administered. He owes this debt of charity to the members and to the Catholic character of the society. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. Our Divine Redeemer has forewarned us that our loyalty to Him will be tested severely. To prove our discipleship we shall be called upon to take up the cross. If we are worthy of Him we must be prepared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego every com- farm-houses and lands, home and the love of friends. His commands have also proved prophetic. His Church has stood out through the ages, unique and unmistakable for her devotion to His cross. His enemies at one time strove to tear away from Him, or to leave her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They failed ; they only brought discomfiture upon themselves and upon the powers of darkness. But the Prince of this world pursues his ways in wearied, and suits his methods of attack to the genius of each age. He no longer incites to open attacks on account of religion, nor counsels confiscation or torments. His aim, however, is not less deadly. He seeks to poison the springs of Catholic life, the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation takes place. You cannot dissociate them as agencies in the formation and development of mind and heart. Let but indifference to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the home and in the school, and the character of the new generation will be decidedly unchristian. We have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset the home. Let us warn you of those which lurk in the school. You, Catholic parents, would not com- mit your children's education to teachers who made no secret of their wish to proselytise them. We can conceive of no Catholic parent so callous. But remember that there is such a thing as unintentional, unconscious proselytism, a proselytism which is more likely to be effectual than when it is avowed. No child, no student will refuse deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is at all qualified for his position. In- stinctively the learner trusts at once to the authority and the competence of his teacher. And is it possible that two minds can remain in active communication, in friendly relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the one sub- missive and receptive, the other authoritative, instructing and directing, without producing impressions far more pro- found and lasting than what is ordinarily contemplated in the school course. It is only right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. It is his duty to do so. But if the teacher knows the Catholic religion but imperfectly, which, unless he is a Catholic, will certainly be the case-If, consequently, he views life and its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not Catholic, how is it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and conscientious as he may be, not to result in predisposing them against the faith of their baptism ? We have always insisted, and we shall always insist that religion must be positively taught at school as well as in the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of school, like those out of it, ought to open with prayer,, and ought to be leavened with religious observances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catholics cannot rest content with less. But even were we to assume that non-Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to undermine the religion of their Catholic pupils-and very many would make no such attempt-yet there remains much more than a negative disadvantage for the Catholic child ; he necessarily catches something of his master's religious tone. And, therefore, we are bound to ad- monish Catholic parents that, in placing their children under teachers who are not of their own faith, they are in all cases exposing the faith of the children to danger. Man who have no definite religious beliefs will not appreciate this reasoning. They lack the principle which gives it force. But Catholics understand its meaning, and they have shown how earnestly it appeals to them. But, unfortunately, it is not true that all teachers in the public schools of these colonies are tender of Catholic susceptibilities. The Church had no means of excluding from the public school the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Ag- poetic. She has no power to remove from the classroom that aggressive spirit, that dontemp'luoust reference to her history, her doctrines, and her sacra- ments, which has flourished unrebuked in high places. The entire genius of the public school system is antagonistic to that which the Catholics de- mand, and it is surely no wonder that public schools become centres of more than passive hostility to the f>lth of Catholics. Under guise of fair play they are got up, unknowingly on the part of the great bulk of the people, but none the less effectually, as points of attack upon the Catholic religion. We do not charge our fellow-countrymen with de- liberated intend to assail the Catholic religion through the system of education now in vogue. In point of fact the system is held by Catholics to be inimical to their faith, and therefore it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To take it out of their hands is simply to trample on freedom of thought and freedom of conscience. No one dare pretend any longer that this opposition to the public school system emanates only from the bishops and priests. Twenty years of hard work in establishing and maintaining Catholic schools have scattered that fallacy to the winds. Catholics are sold with their spiritual guides on this all-important question, and the organs of public opinion have come to admit as much. But the Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular non-Catholic school not only runs risks to his faith his morals may also be imperilled. We would fain pass over this topic were it not for the gravity of the interests involved. But the purity of mind, the chastity of life which the Church endeavours to cultivate in the little ones of Christ must be our justification. This is the jewel of youth, the pledge of righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmosphere of Nazareth ; so is the Catholic school ; the sanctions of faith, the examples of saints, and, above all, of the Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of divine help at each stroke of the hour-these are so many ever-recurring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so leaven the entire working life of the child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and with the confirm- ing grace of the sacraments acquires that Catholic instinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestive. But remove him from these salutary influences ; cast him with his plastic, unformed nature into the midst of companions, who at all events do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith ; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals ; who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions and all of whom feel that in the school religion, with its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden subject ; are we to expect that children of tender years, of immature judgment yet developing passions, will continue to observe stoical self-restraint from the beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secular ists ? They who think they will must be singularly ignorant of what passes ; they who are satisfied to expose the children to such a perilous experiment must set little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary difficulties their efforts to counteract the evil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces from heaven. The Holy Ghost measures His aids by the needs that cry out for them ; but such needs must not be of our own choosing ; when we unnecessarily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we forfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost tells us that they who love the danger shall perish In it. And hence, whenever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and the parents will be accountable to our Divine Master, if through inertness they suffer His little ones to be scandalised, to be seduced from that saving doctrine which He came on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation and that everlasting life which He died upon the cross to bestow on them. His? words should ever ling in the ears of those who have charge of youth. To parents and pastors they are a dreadful warn- ing : " He that shall scandalize one of these little ones that believe in Me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea." (Matthew xviii., G.) But it is needless, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Australasia has by this learned that we Catholics are of one mind on this matter, and that we are as resolute as we are unanimous. It is a Singularly short-sighted policy in those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to encourage, at this critical stage of its national development, a system of administration which strikes at liberty of conscience, and is an outrage upon justice. When Catholics protest against a form of instruction for their children which has been devised contrary to their wishes, and when they declare that they may not, without doing violence to their conscientious convictions, avail of it, are they not warranted in so asserting their political rights ? Who but Catholics shall be the judges of what are the religious convictions of Catholics ? Or has it come to this that our age of progress and equality, and political freedom, is drifting rapidly towards an odious, hypocritical servitude ? Shall Catholics be told that they must not have religious convictions that they must not claim to save for their divine Master the little ones who have been given them, who have been baptised into the Catholic faith that Catholic parents shall be deprived of one of the most sacred rights inherent in them, until they are able to sweep the polls by the brute logic of numbers ? Or shall they be told to rest satisfied and thankful for the poor permission to open and maintain schools of their own, even while the taxes they pay go to educate the children of others ? It is a little better than the arrangement of a century and a-half back, when their forefathers went to Catholic schools only at the peril of their lives ; when a price was set upon the head of a Catholic schoolmaster. It is better, but none the less is it a mockery of justice and liberty. Were the demands of Catholics impracticable or untried elsewhere, they might, with some appearance of reason, justify statesmen in declining to enter- tain them. If the Catholics of Australasia, had remained listless in the face of secularism, had suffered their children to go in a body to the public schools ; had they not erected their own schools and equipped them for secular instruc- tion, so as to be in a position to court inspection and examination on those subjects which form the curriculum! of the public schools ; were they not satisfied to conform with the regulations which the State' may impose as to the standard and quality of secular instruction ; they might, perhaps, be taxed with unreason- ableness. But they are doing the work which, not they, but the general public, should have to pay for, if their children were transferred to the public schools. They are doing It, we are confident, fully as well. At all " events, they are satisfied to state their cíalnt'for a fair share out of the school rate Upon the tests of efficiency which are applied to the public schools. They can point to precedents which ought surely to have weight with the people of these colonies ; they ask for nothing out of analogy with the system which obtains in England. There the voluntary schools are part of the system of national instruc- tion and even Mr. Chamberlain (surely no friend of denominational schools has confessed that the voluntary schools of England are doing a great national work, and far more economically than the secular or board system. We should gladly welcome any supervision of our schools, which respected the arrangements which we hold to be necessary for safeguarding the faith and morals of the children. We consider that a free alliance with the State Department of Public Instruction, would tend largely to consolidate and systematise our educational establishments. In return. we should be able to infuse elements no less important to a system of national education. Such a system should he devised with a view to the practical requirements of life and who can claim to know the wants of the people as intimately as the pastor of the Church ? Can the Minister of Education, whom the chances of the hustings create for a season can the expert in school discipline, whose study Is the actual capacity of children during their school years ; can the teacher, who is' hardly permitted, even if he had the wish, to look forward to the probable requirements of his child in after years can any of these pretend to understand from daily, personal, solicitous oversight of the people from youth to old age the character and extent of the instruc- tion which will prove serviceable to the bulk of the children in the course of life The nation, in committing the supervision of its educational work exclusively to a paid department, and ousting the Church from its councils, is closing its ears to invaluable counsel. It is not by hostility and separateness that the forces of the commonwealth are combined and directed to a common development, or that the various elements of power are knit and compacted together. It is un- patriotic to the last degree to deprive the State of that influence which would result from respecting the free spirit of a people who put conscience before wealth and comfort. We are confident that the time is not far off when the intelligence and justice which distinguish our fellow-country- men will enable them to look at this great question from a higher stand- point than they seem to regard it at present and we feel sure that once they grasp Its read significance no prejudice against the Catholic Church, no senseless apprehensions of Catholic ascendency, will prevent them doing justice to their fellow-citizens, and healing the open sore which is at present poisoning the national life. But in the meantime our course Is cleanly defined. , We must push on the work which we took up with the inception of the secular system. We must extend the influence of our Catholic school work to the utmost limit within our reach. We took up the gage of battle more than twenty years ago, relying on God and on the sterling loyalty of our people to their conscientious convictions, and it is with profound | gratitude and renewed courage we now review what has been achieved, and set I our hands in concert to perfect what has been so happily begun. The prayers | and sacrifices of priests and people on behalf of the souls of our children have obtained abundant graces from the Most High. And chiefly to be admired is the spirit which has been spread abroad amongst our native youth, calling so many of them to dedicate their lives to the religious state, in order to promote the spread of Catholic education. It is truly wonderful now how a seedling which was dropped into the soil of Catholic devotedness only a couple of I decades back, has already sprang up a Into a goodly tree, spreading its branches over every part of Australasia, and affording shelter to thousands of Catholic children from the blighting influences of godless instruction. In all the cities and chief towns of the colonies we have schools in charge of brotherhoods and sisterhoods, which have again and again passed in triumph through the ordeal of public competition. In the remote settlements we have schools conducted by excellent Catholic teachers, trained chiefly in our larger establishments and the poorest localities are tended with a spirit of self-sacrifice, beyond all praise, by the Sisters of St. Joseph. So vast, indeed, is the work, and so abundant the means of carrying it on which God in His mercy has placed at our disposal through the heroic devotion of the thousands who have thus offered themselves to our Divine Lord for the sake of His little ones, that we have deemed it opportune to undertake responsibilities for a more complete organisation of our whole school system. Our chief sister- goods will leave nothing undone to bring themselves into touch with the ] most modern improvements in teaching and discipline. They will appropriate, through certificated graduates of the best training centres in Great Britain and Ireland, not necessarily Catholic, whatever is deemed sound and progressive. From these main sources of our educational force the spirit and methods will flow outward to all our schools. Henceforward the people of these colonies can have no misgivings either as to the attitude of the Catholic Church towards the State on the place which the religion of Catholics must hold in any educational provision to which Catholics have a claim, or on the undoubted unanimity which prevails between priests and people on this important subject. Nor is it any longer a mere matter of conjecture what the future of the Catholic schools will be. That future is determined by the loyalty of Catholics themselves to their faith, their solicitude for the spiritual safety of their children, and by the unique economies which the religious associations of the Church" bring to bear upon the pitfcfcicá'f solution, of the question. Our schools are assured. Whether our fellow-citizens wake up to a sense of national justice or not in treat- ing this issue, we will go on as we have begun ; five will not suffer our children to drink at the poisonous founts of a godless system of knowledge. 