OISSORS and PASTE. There, in the privacy oI his sanctum the Colonel sat, and edited his pnp^r with the predatory shears aud the dishonest paste pot, Max Adler. Snow fell at Kiandra last Saturday. Baron Von Mueller died in Melbourne on Saturday. British postal revenue last year was £i 1,760,000. Goulburn tobacconists have agreed to a weekly half-holiday. 1 The collections in London churches on Hospital Sunday average ,£"40,000. i A voyage round the world, travelling first-class costs something over ^"500. In Danish cities it is against the law to ride on bicycles faster than the speed of a cab. Over 1,100 gallons of beer alone were consumed at Rosehill on Eight Hour Day. i'he bicycles used in the French army each have an electric light which can be turned on or off at will. Railway revenue on Eight Hour Day this year was £2221 14/6, as compared with ^1718 13/6 last year. " Kvvong Yick Wa Bo," the " Syduey Chinese Herald," is now printed for the first time with Chinese type. Lady Parkes bitterly complains of the wa> in which she is being treated in the matter of that State allowance. Melbourne tellmongers work seven days per week, ten hours per day, for -wages ranging from 4s. to 5s. 6d. per day. The inventor of the Jynotype machine, used in printing offices, was Mr. Mergen Thaler, a clock-maker, of Germany. Mrs. Louisa Lawson, mother of Henry Lawson, the author, has invented a post bag fastener, which the Government are now using. Rev. James Clarke is now as familiar a figure in the Supreme court as little Miss Flite, ol " Bleak House" fame, was in Chancery Jurisdiction. Both Mr. Lyne and Mr. Reid were very conspicuous on Eight-hour Day. At the dinner, however, they were asked to cut their remarks short. The motto of Mrs. Herbert Booth, Australian Salvation Army, is : " When I see a man in the gutter, drunk, I don't give him a tract : I lift him up." A chemist has discovered a process ot solidifying intoxicants, such as brandy, whisky, etc., so that they can be carried in the vest pocket, in the form of tablets. The great clock of Rouen, France, has been grinding out time and striking the hours and quarters for over 500 years, running all this time without interrup tion. Kate Kelly, now married, and once so prominently before the public eye, when she fought so bravely for her bushranging brothers, has for years been living in Perth. Merriwa wants a lot of things and amongst its troubles is the fact that there isn t a local barber. H*;nce long hair is the fashion, and the homely basin crop is the rule. A Lilydale (Vic.) lad, who was sub- j merged.in a well till he looked lifeless, I was revived after ninety minutes treat ment. Young Australia does not so readily give up the ghost. Herat, in Afghanistan, is the city which has has been most often destroyed. Fifty-six time have it walls been laid in ruins, and the same number of times have they been erected again. The sandwich originated with Lord Sandwich, an official of high rank in Eng land, who lived in the latter part of the eighteenth century. The Sandwich Is lands were also named after him. At the gold mines at Lucknow there are 550 men employed, and the popula tion of the entire field is not much under 1400 souls. The wages paid by the four companies must closely touch £6000 per month. Lambton borrowed £7000 from the Commercial Bank of Australia and re fused to pay un, on the ground that the loan was illegal through the fault of the aldermen, and therefore the bank must suffer. A drunk isn't acriminal,andinacountry where people are allowed to sell stuff that would paralyse a brass idol, or make an elephant strike his aged grandfather, men sometimes get drunk without any inten tion of so doing. Every column in a newspaper contains from 12,000 to 20,000 pieces of metal, displacement of any of which would cause a blunder or typographical error. And yet some people lay claim lo remarkable smartness if they can discover an error in a newspaper. 