THE BIRTHRIGHT A ROMANCE OF CORNWALL. By JOSEPH HOOKING, Author of 'All Men are Liars,' 'Fields of Pair Benown,' 'The Story of Andrew Fairfax,' &c; Chapter IL— Tells How I, Jaspar Pen NINGTON, TRIED TO GET MY OWN. I do not think I iiave as yet mentioned it, but Richard Tresidder— I mean the man who entered into my father's possessions— had three sons and onedaughter, and each of these was brought up with the thought that I was thoir natural enemy. Of course, they were informed that my grandfather's will provided the means whereby I, if I were BufScently fortunate, could buy back the estate at half its ?v^lnn.l wrvrt-.li. And thev were in constant Euspense about it. If I were to marry a rich wife it could be done ; if I were to have some . Btroke of fortune their home might be taken from them, they having only a given Bum of money. And thus it was to their interest to keep me poor, as well as to damage my repu tation in the neighborhood. The eldest son was a year or more older ' than I, and was, of course, respected as the heir to the Penningtcn lands, for it is strange Low people's sympathies veer around on the side of the people who are in power. My father has told me many times how, when he ?was thought to be the prospective heir of Pennington, people could not make enough of him, while Richard Tresidder had but scant courtesy paid him. When it became known that my father was disinherited, no matter how unjustly, these same folks discovered that Richard Tresidder was a very mine of wit and goodness, while my father was made a butt for tools' jokes. And so I discovered that my being a Penuington counted but for little, while it eeerued to bo forgotten that but for the wiles of a clever, selfish woman, I should be the fcquire of the parish. When I was old enough I was sent to Tregouy grammar school, nij- father # being determined to give me a schooling befitting the rsition he hoped, in spite of his misfortunes, should some day occupy. Now Nick Tre sidder had been attending this same school for some months when I went. For this I was very glad, because I thought it would give me an opportunity for testing him, I had not been in the school a week, however, when my father same to fetch me away. The reason was that — Richard Tresidder had demanded it, as he would not allow his son to be educated at the Bchool where the son of a tenant-farmer was admitted. He told the schoolmaster that he had two other sons whom he intented to send, but that he should immediately with draw his patronage if I were not sent away. All this angered me as well as my father, but there was no help for it, and I was Bent to Probus instead, were the education was as good, but where I had no chance of meeting the Tresidders. I have said that Elmwater Barton was a good farm, but I must confess to looking longingly at Pennington. This was in the nature of things very reasonable on my navt, for I always looked upon it as my home. But besides this, I doubt if the whole country can present a Btreteh of land so fair, or a house eo pleasantly situated. There may be bigger and more imposing houses, but there are none more comfort able. Besides, Penuington faces a beautiful glen that is about half a mile wide. I know of no grass as green as that which grows there, or of trees so fine and stately. Besides, the river which winds its way downward, and which_ sometimes runs Bide by., side with the drive leading from the house to the main road, is the most beau teous stream of water I ever saw. Then sjoping away from this glen are wooded hills, the sight of which in the early summer time is enough to make a man sing for joy ; and in addition to all this, while standing at the main entrance of the house you can see the blue sea, say a mile and a half away. I, who h&ve; seen something of the world, say there is nothing finer in the way of green and pleasant land, while all the world knows that nowhere are cliffs so fine and the sea so blue as that which is to be seen in this part of my native county. Besides, all that land from the house ?where my father was born right to the sea belongs to the Pennington estates, while at the back of the house it stretches just as far, and just as fair. One day— it was before my father died— I had climbed Trescowal Tor, just to feast my eyes upon bo much loveliness, when I saw ljuchard Tresidder walking with his mother towards the Pennington woods. Now a great desire came into my heart, not to see Tre sidder, but to speak to his mother, whom I knew to be the evil genius of my family. And eo I made my way to the woods, and stood in the pathway as they came up. They both knew me, not only through my likeness to my father, but because of my size, for it is well known that the Pennington family ou the male side are at least six inches taller than the ordinary run of men. ' Do you know you are trespassing V asked Tresidder. 'My name is Jaspar Pennington,' I said proudly. ' Then get off my lands at once,' he said, sternly and with a black look. * ' Not until I have had a good look on the man and woman who have robbed my father and me,' I said — and I knew I had aroused the devil in them as I spoke. For the woman ?who had robbed us fait-ly glared at me, while Tresidder grasped his Bticlc as though he would strike me. The woman was nearing seventy, but she was strong and hale, and her eyes flashed like those of a young girl. I saw, too, that she must have been handsome when she was young. I marked the cruel, resolute . expression ofher mouth, and I did not wonder at the difficulty my grandfather had in resisting her. 'I will have you put in the stocks, and then taken to the lockup, if you are not gone At once,' said Tresidder savagely. 'I will give your three sons the chance of doing this,' I said with a laugh. 'Three * , Trmdders Against one Pennington isn't bad in a fair fight. Of course when cunning and cbeatery comes in I should be nowhere. Or perhaps,' I continued, 'you would like to tjry yourself I am only eighteen, and you are in the prime of your life ; still I should be pleased to give you tne chance.' But he laid no bands on me ; instead, he put a -whistle to hia mouth and blew. . ** Yes,' I said, 'get Borne one else to' do the work you are afraid to try yourself; that's a Tresidder all over. Well, I'll go now; Pve had a good look at you both, and I shall know you again.' With that I turned any walked away, for, if the truth must be told, I did «ot care about fighting with Tresidder's minions, and my father had told me many times to be care fuL The path was very crooked, and the foliage was very thick, bo that I had not gone more than a few steps before I was out of their sight. Acting on the impulse of the moment, I stopped and listened. ' A regular Pennington,' I heard the old woman say. ?' You must be careful, Richard, for he has more brainB-than his father. --He has all the good looks of the family, too. We must be silent about all our plans, for if he knows he will spoil them. Remember the will.' ' I do remember ; that is why I am anxious about our boys. Still, there can be no fear and it will not be so very long before we shah get her. That settled, and Nick will be al1 right' 1 I heard no more after that, but I wondered often what he meant. I told my father, too, but he could give me no hint towards the Eolution of Tresidder's words. After my father's death I ceased_to think so much of Penuingtou, for I had Jiilmwater Barton to look after. I wasdetermiued to make the farm pay, and now that all the responsi bility rested on me, I made up ray mind that the Tresidders should not play fast and loose with me as they had done with my father. In order to do this I looked carefully around me for a man in whom I could trust ; for, be it remembered, this was a very difficult matter. My father had engaged two hinds, and each of these had been bribed by the Tresidders to injure his property. You see, his enemies had almost supreme power in the parish, and they used it to hi3 injury. Still I knew that the TreBidders must have enemies as well as other people, and it was forme to find out who they were. This I had 120 great diffi culty in doing. A man named William Dawo had farmed a place named Treviscoe, on the Pennington estate, and the poor fellow had several Seasons of bad luck. One year his turnip crop failed ; the next the footand mouth disease got hold of his cattle ; and the next, during the lainbing season, he lost a great number of sheep. Indeed, m bad was his luek that he was unable to pay his rent. Perhaps Tresidder would have been lenient with him but for two things: one was that he had refused to take sides with him against my father, and another was that when Nick Tresidder insulted William Dawe's daughter the farmer gave him a thrashing. The end of all this was that William Dawe was sold up, and even then he was not free from all his difficulties. One of the first important things I did after my father's death, therefore, after a .serious conversation with the farmer, was to lure him to come to Elmwater Barton, with iiis wife and son and daughter, in order to manage the farm. I do not think in all my life I have ever seen a man so grateful. ' Will you come, William ?' I asked, when I told him what wages I could afford to give. 'Come, Master Jasper, come? I reck' n I will ! Why ? ' And then he caght at my hand, and behaved in a way that made me think for the time that I was serving him only, and not myself at all. In a few days William was settled down at the Barton, and right well did he arrange for the harvest, and right hard did both he and his bou work for me. Indeed, both William and his son George seemed ready to work their arms off for me, and weie both anxious to serve me night and day. George Dawe was a strap ping fellow of twenty-five, nearly as tall and strong as myself, though not quite. This was proved one day when we wrestlc-d down in the calves' meadow. I had hard work j to master him, for George hud takcu j the wrestling prize at St. Eve's Feast for three years in succession. I was proud to have thrown him, especially as I had not yet got my full strength, not being 20 years of age. George had had a varied experience. He had been to sea in a trading vessel, and, if the truth must be confessed, had done a fair amount of smuggling. Be that as it may, George Dawe loved me like a brother, and nothing was too much for him j to do for me. Thus I regarded myself as j very fortunate. Eliza Dawe, too, ' was a j careful, sensible woman, while Selina, her daughter, was a strapping, healthy wench who could do- as much work as two ordinary women. Now I say this was a great help to me, for they all watched my interests closely. 'Lev any of the Trezidders try any ov their j dirty capers now,' said George tome, 'and we'll laive 'em kuaw.' Those who know nothing about farming can have no idea what a sreut amount of harm a seemingly little mistake can do. Suppose, for instance, there are two 10-acred fields side by side. Suppose the month is early July, when the corn has nearly reached its full height and the heads have all burstcd ready to ripen. Well, suppose, again, that one of these 10 acred fields has barley, or oats, or wheat, while the otiier is a browsing field in which twenty or thiity head of cattle are feeding. Thenletsomeevil-disposed person open the gate between these two fields, and the thirty head of cattle get into the cornfield — what happens ? Why, £20 worth of damage can be done in a single night. And things like this were often happening in my father's days, and thus he was kept poor. But things changed after I got George Dawe on the Barton. His eyes seemed to be everywhere and always in my interests. . Let me give one example (and then I will soon get ou to my story proper) how George Dawe saved me a large amount of money, and at the same time helped me to teach the Tre sidders a lesson. It was the June after I had got William Dawe'a family to live with me. We had had several dry weeks, so that the fields had be come patched and bare, and we were anxious lest the sheep should not have enough grass, One field had been planted with vatches, which, as every farmer knows, grow quickly and are cut for the- horses. - . *' William,' I said to Dawe one day, *I am afraid we shall have to sacrifice a bay geld. . The browsing fields are all brown; the sheep can't get enough to eat. We must be careful' not to turn them there when the dew is on the .grass though or they'll get vlayed.' ;? ' 'I wudden trouble, Maastor Jaspar ; ship c'n nibble a lot on a dewy mornin , and we sh'TIgit rain zoon, I reck'n.' *' Well, as you think best ; but I fancy we'd, better turn Eha. biggest lot into the ' Shoeps' Close' to-night' The ''Sheepa* Close' was the name of one of the best meadows, which at this time was very bare bwing to the long spell of dry, hot weather. ? Well I had to ride to Truro that af ternooon, so I did not get home till late that night. I found George Dawe waiting up for me. 'Anything the matter, George,' I asked. ' Iss, ther es, Maaster Jaspar.' ' What r I asked. 'The Treziddera be up to the ould gaame. When I wos comin' 'ome from St. Eve two or dree 'ours agone, I 'eared young Nick planuin' ev it weth Buddie.' 'Explain, George,' I said. George told his story, with the result that we made our way to the ' Sheeps' Close' and hid behind the hedge. Just before dawn that is, about 3 o'clock in the morning— we saw two men coming towards the gateway. We saw them unfasten the gate and open it wide; then we heard one say to the other, 'Now let's fetch up the sheep and the fool will be worth a bit less money in a few hours.' Then they went away, and in a little while we heard them 'whishiug' up the sheep. George closed the gate, and wo both waited until they came up. There were 175 sheep in the flock, and they brought them up for the purpose of turning them into the vatches. Hero they would be knee-deep in rank vegeta tion, and the poor things, glad to get to tmch juicy meat, would eat ravenously. The result of thU would be that they would get tilled with wind and would swell horribly, and if not im mediately relieved would die a painful death. If the design succeeded in this case I should be hundreds of pounds poorer before the men would be at their work. It may be imagined, therefore, that my blood was pretty hot, and that my feelings towards £hs Tresidders were not those of a lover, and I will leave it to any fair-minded man whether my anger was not reasonable. As I said, George and I waited by the gate until they came up. The sheep came close to the gate, as if waiting to be let in, and the two men stood behind, not knowing, evi dently, why the poor creatures did not go to their death. 'What's the matter, Jacob?' asked young Nick Tresidder. 'Duunaw, aw'm sure,' answered Jacob, who was the eldest son of Tresidder's 'head man,' and the worst rake in the palish. 'Lev us go up an' zee.' So they came up, as wo expected they would. ' Why, the gaate es cloased and apsed !' cried Jacob. ' The devil must 't- 'bin 'ere.' 'Nonsense,' said Nick, 'you couldn't have opened it; you must have been dreaming. There, open it.' ' You tackle Nick Tresidder, an' I'll have a go with Buddie,' said George to me, m a whisper; 'he's always a-braggin1 as 'ow 'ee c'n bait me. Now then, jump out. At this we both leaned forward. I took Nick Tressider by the scruff of the neck, while George gripped Buddie like a blacksmith's vice. The sheep jumped away frightened, while these two blackguards cried out as if the judgment day had come. ' Es et the devil ?' askfld Buddie. 'No.' I roared out, 'ifc isn't the devil; we're not related to you in any way, and your master won't help you.' By this time they found out who we were, and began to wriggle finely. 'Look you, Nick Tresidder,' I said; ''the law will do nothing for us, so we are going to take the law in our own hands.' 'What do you want?' asked Tresidder. ' Nothing unfair,' I said. ' We are man to man. You are on my land, and you were doing a trick worthy only of the devil, your master. We will wrestle fair, as becomes Cornishmen, and you must show no mercy* for as God is above me I'll show none.' Now I will do these men justice. They wero not afraid of us, and when they knew I that we were people of this world aud not I ghosts from the other they showed no desire to run away. Nick Tresidder was a year older than I, while Buddie always sneered when folks said that George Dawe was a better man than he. Besides, they both saw that we did. not mean playing at wrestling. But Nick Tresidder, Tresidder-like, was not fair ; he jumped upon me before I was ready, a thing always regarded as cowardly at a wrestling match. I saw in ! a minute, too, that he knew the tricks of the j art, and were I not a wrestler, too, aud a j strong man to boot, my arm must have been broken before I could out forth my strength. This angered me more than I iiked to be angered, for now, when we were to meet man to man, I feJt not so bitter about the sheep. So I put forth all my strength and made him let go his vantage hold, then I put my arm I around his chest, and right glad was I when I found him a strong mau ; so I played with him for the pleasure of wrestling, just as any true Cornishman will. But I was wrong in doing this. My father bad told me never to trust a Tresidder, and 1 did trust him to j wrestle fairly, even although he had tried I to kill my sheep. While 1 wrestled, merely ; for the pleasure of wrestling, I felt a stab ! at my side, and I knew that a knife had entered my flesh just under my arm. ' You are coward, Nick Tresidder, ' I said, ' a coward in every way ;' then, not knowing whether I was dangerously wounded or no, I tilayed with him no longer, for a man cannot Lear everything. I caught him in both my arms and lifted him from the ground ; then I wrestled in earnest. I heard one of his ribs snap, but ho did not cry out, then another, and ho became but a child to me ; so I let him go, and he staggered away like a drunken man. ' Now go home and tell j'our father what you have dsne,' I Eaid, 'and tell him who you found in Elmwater Barton 'Sheep's Close.'' Then I turned to George, who was still strug gling with Buddie, and who, just as I came to him, threw him heavily. . 'George,', I said, 'I have been stabbed. Just tie this cloth tightly around my chest.' 'The coward,' said George, panting; 'but where es a, Maaster Jaspar f ' 'He won't wrestle any more for a month or two,' I replied; Vbut I would not have hurt him so if he had not stabbed me.' So there in the early morning -light, while the birds began to Bing, and the sheep tried to find food ojTthe dewy ground, George Dawe ;ticd a cloth tightly across my naked chest, and I could not help wincing at the pain. Just as lie was finishing Jacob Buddie got slowly up from the ground. He had been badly stunned, but no bones were broken. 'Look alter your master,' I said ; then I saw the knife with which Nick had stabbed me lying on the ground. 'There,' I said,1 ' you know that knife I expect ; your master used it while we -wrestled.' But Buddie was dazed and did not reply. So when I had put on my coat I went to Nick Tresidder, who was very faint and unable to walk, so ill had he become. Then my heart softened, and together we took him up to' Pen- niugton, and Buddie, who was by this time better, said he could manage him. The next day I heard that Nick Tresidder had fallen from his horse and broken his ribs, and Dr. Hawke, who had been called in, said that he must remain in bed many days. - But of this I am sure, although neither George Dawe or I said a word, Richard Tresidder knew the truth. Now I have told this, not because I delight in such things, hut because I want it to be known how I was treated, and what I had to contend with, for this was but a sample of the many ways in which the Tresidders had tried to harm tne. I have often wondered why they felt so evilly towards me, seeing that they were rich at my cost, and I have come to the conclusion that it is a law of human nature for a man to hato those whom he has treated un justly. But I am an unlearned man, and the heart of man — and woman — is past finding out. And now I must tell how, in spite of myself, I was drawn more and more into contact with the Tresiddera, with other matters which strangely affected my life later on. {To be continued.) 