COBBKSPOftTOENCff,: Answers to Questions. Notice.— Pastoral, Agricultural, and Veterinary Ques tions are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Ques tions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sporting Columns. ? T. J. M. (Flyer's Creek).— Both have an equal right to the water. Tennis, %Z. — The scoring is the some as inordinary tennis mmpfi. Barragan (Mudgee).— 1 The address you ask for is Hunter street, Sydney. Old Sport.— Yes, a bitch is a dog, ' dog ' being a general term applicable to both sexes. J. W. (Newcastle).— With regard to bicyles of Japanese make apply to Mr. Edmund E. Shaw, indent merchant, 172 Clarence-street. J. M. (Tuena).— The address of BranSt Brothers, who keep for sale the lamps you Speak' of, is Pitt-street, opposite the School of Arts. J. 6. B. — The depth of the tank is taken to be 5ft. and . | of an inch. If such is the case, the tank contains 836 cubic yards 6 cubic feet. Beader.— We have seen several lists of the -best 100 books, but cannot lay our hands on one at present. Xf we can obtain a list we shall publish it for your information. A. B. (Queanbeyan) . —The 6tory of ' Fisher's Ghost ' Is in Mr. Snttors work -entiued ' Australian Stories BetoltL' The work is published bv Mr. Wayland, Ba thnratj and theprice is— paper, is ; doth, 2s. Dunlqp. — Neither the squatter nor the surveyor is correct as to tbe cubic content of Ihe tank. Tbe tank contains, . according to dimensions given, 1637 cubic yards 23J cubic feet. This is exact, assuming that the tank is ree taagular. Violet (Cannonbar)— With regard to the ' varnish ' re ferred to which has become thick, there is such a great variety of varnishes that it would, be advisable to state which particular varnish is referred to. There are spirit varnishes and oil varnishes.' Monie (Mbnie River) asks ' ' X have -an auction lease ad- . joining atown common. If I fence my land, and the trustees of tne said common make-use of my fence, can I compel them to pay half tbe cost of such fence ?' It is considered that you cannot. -? ' ?T. B. B. — Yes, there does notneed'awfll to enable ber to get the money, but if you have relativestheywill oome in for a share, and that can only be prevented by your exe cuting a will in favour of your wife.- No transfer of policy is needed in any case, farmer asks : — ' Can a person who 'holds a conditional purchase of 320 acres, the residence an d improvement * conditions having been fulfilledj-but a certificate not yet granted, take np a homestead selection Yes, if his total area doeB not exceed 1289 acres. Prospector {Condobolin).— Your safest plan will be to fol low the leader on the underlay. v'3f it carries a soft seam in hard country, as you describe, you should work over the leader, be cause you.cau by picking it out give a chance for good shooting on tbfe hanging wall. * \- Bushman (Nowendoc(. — No. Taking turpentine in such small doses is not injurious ; on tbeeontrary, it is con sidered to have a good ?efEeoton the system as atonic, provided it is only taken occasionally. A few drops with sugar is an excellent cure for worms in chil li. J. E.— Address ' Public Service Board, Sydney.' You ? will no doubt obtain a apeedy reply from the secretary. The salary and increases in the telephone service are on a fixed scale — girls commencing with 10s per week— and rising according to merit, td 30s per weefc.- * Inquirer asks : — *' A has a selection of 40 acres and lease. The payment of lease is overdue three months. A is charge# with fine, also -8s Sd marked penalty. When there is a fine is it lawful to charge penalty, or .what does it mean J ' Penalty and fine are the same thing. Yon cannot be charged a fine and' a penalty as well. Percy.— It is not a fraud. The whole transaction is, we have every reason to believe, bona fide. It is, however, urged that the person who ultimately receivee the stamps gets a benefit larger in proportion than that which he confers on the institution. Then there are some persons who object to the system of raising money by the means named. May Blossom. — Yon can make the property over by dead of gut to your wife, but you must be completely solvent at the time' the deed is made. You, however, show that you have a liability, and action of the kind you with would in law and on ordinary grounds be considered an evasion of such liability. You should consult a lawyer on the subject. Don asks : — ' Aigirl aged 16 years takes up a selection ad joining her father's selection, and resides with him on bis land. If die marries before the residence term is completed, can she live with her husband, or will he baveto ootrrp'ete her term on Ihe cdectum?' She can live with her husband if be holds a selection on which the residenoe term is incomplete, or they could both live on fiie wife's selection. J. G. (Book wood).— The municipal law doeB not provide for the taking of plebiscite notes upon any subject, but if taken they should be conducted upon the same principle as an ordinary municipal election to be of any value as an expression of the feelings of the electors. The statement respecting the Mayor giving out ballot papers is probably an exparte one. Inquisitive.— 1. It iB thought that double gates suitable for cemetery would be obtainable from the nearest foundry. Bowever. in this case a communication wiU be sent from Messrs. Lassetter and Co., George-street, who will also send illustrations and price; 2. The land tax is payable by the mortgagor, who is exempt to the extent of the amount of interest paid to the mortgagee, who includes such amount in bis income, on which in come he is taxed. Breechloader. — 1. On the heading of newspapers the letters Vol. mean ' Volume, ' and the letters No. mean ' Number.' All the separate issues are bound in sequence in volumes, each containing three months or six months., and these volumes are numbered one, two, three, and so on. The issues are also numbered in se quence, and are called No. one, two, three, and so on. 2. It is not known what is meant by a selection of 20,000 acres. There in no such ' thing under the Land Act of New South Wales. Leura.— No injurious effects can arise from the use of galvanised iron tanks if they are thoroughly clean before use. In soldering the zinc acid is use 37 snd frequently there is a little left after the operation. It is better to have them washed inside before using them. We cannot find any authority for the statement that water stored in galvanised iron tanks is injurious to the system. Every precaution sb^mld be taken in regard to all tanks to prevents leaves of trees and other injurious matters get ting into the tank. Subcriber (Yeoval) asks A has a conditional lease which j oins a watering reserve that is leased by B. Can A compel B -to erect half the dividing fence if he uses it ?' 2\. ' Can I compel a squatter to fence half the dividing line between my conditional lease, and his occupation lease 1' Under the Land Act, a man cannot compel his neighbour to fence, but if he himself fences he can claim a contribution in certain cases. Before answering such a question it is neces-arv to know what sort of a lease tbe neighbours bold, as ifj a lease has less than five years to run it is thought that acclaim cannot be made on the holder thereof. Bingbarker (Sookwood).— 1. The calculations of the areas cannot be made accurately unless the bearings or in cluded angles are given. A rough calculation could be made, but it is not the policy of the Sydney Mail to make rough calculations ; they must be made accurately, and in order to do this sufficient data must be supplied. 2. The rule for measuring a triangle by the sides only is as follows : — From half the sum of the three sides take each side separately ; multiply the half sum of the sides by the continued product of these three remainders, then the square root 'of the total product will be the area. £. B. G. iToolamba) asks : — 1. ' If, when a horse and vehicle are turning a comer at a rapid pace, which way is the vehicle most likely to tarn over, to the pavement or the centre of die road ?' The vehicle would turn over to the centre of the road. 2. ' Will a centreboard boat lean over more with the board up or down ?' The use of the centreboard is simply to stiffen the boat and throw her into the wind. She can still (with centreboard up or down) capsize. The centreboard is only used when the boat is on a wind ; when the water is shallow the centreboard is pulled up, or when the wind- is fair it is withdrawn, as otherwise it would only hamper her. Curious (Bungendore).— 1. Tbe reason why a copper sol dering tool is used in preference to one of anj[ other metal is that the healing properties are better ; it does not rust, and it keeps a ' faca ' better, without which it is impossible to solder. 2. The lifting poiierof a I Vessel of loOO cubic feet capacity, with all the air ex- ! haosted out of it, ennnot be stated. A thousand cubic j feet of air at CO'Fahr., and 30in. pressure, weigh about 76Jlb. avoirdupois. No ordinary vessel could stand the pressure of air under the conditions proposed, nor would ] it be feasible to obtain a vacuum as suggested. 3. With regard to the ratio that atmospheric air expands when \ heated to 300-Fohr., the rate of expansion is uniform for all degrees of heat, and one two hundred and seventy third, or eleven three thousandth of the volume at 0' for each degree of centigrade. Thus 3300 measures at 0* become 3011 at l- or 3220 at 20*. Three hundred degrees ' Fahr. is equal to 149' centigrade. 