Parisian Parlance. : _ January 25. 1 Tho French aro drawing tho moral of fho events of tho lust throo wooks. Thoy admit that tho idea of tho federation of tho British Empiro lias advanced by leaps and hounds, and is so far now within tho splioro of .practical politics that it cun well ho a reality at tho open ing of tho coming century, Tho warmth and unanimity with \vhic.h lior colonics have rallied to England luivo astonished anil disappointed tlio smashers-up of tho British Empire, who liavo eyes, but will not see that tho colonies can declare indc- pondencoof motherland when they plouso, and that ovory. country can enjoy all tho tradiug and commercial privileges in tho British colonies, tho sumo as tho British! themselves. What othor nation imitates her ? Is it for that thoy hato her ? Othor enlightenment for tho French, and. that thoy rolisli : Tho effective douche that England has administered to tho Kuiscr, in rospouso to his official telegram to President Krugor. Germany will not he permitted to nuiku tho Transvaal her protectorate, and Eronco will oppose tho corollary of that intrigue —the absorption of Holland by William II. Nor doos tho plan of campaign of the Gorman professors "catch on," to organise a continental crusodo against England's possessions, and lot Franco there help herself to tho equivalent of Alsaco and Lorniino. Tho French decline to join any froebooting syndicate, whilo tho English, whoso historical strategy is to anticipato attacks, could well help to restore Alsaco to Franco, Schlcswig- IIolstcin to Denmark, liberating southern from .northern Gcrmnny, knocking tlio Gor man navy into a cooked hat, and appro priating lior now-horn colonics, whilo killing her unfair commerce. Itetro Satanas, reply tho French to such over tures of the Teuton, ' intended to do huBh-a-hy-hahy duty, when Alsaco shakcB her weeds, and smiles through her tears at her 1870-71 griefs. The French have well noted that tho cele bration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of tho foundation of tlio German Empire — quartcrof a conturyis little to consolidate a patchwork umpire, or to found u brand now navy, was hut n so-so affair at Berlin, whore enthusiasm was absent, and to which tho population gave a cold shoulder. Tlio nation is dccidotlly hostile to tho Kaisor's " megalomania " — that of improvising an iinmeiiso navy to wipo out England's. The money does .not oxist to keep up a bloated navy and 'army. Franco fully admitted she could not so bum her caudle, at both etuis, and she is richer. Although nasty sparks keep flying about, impartial opinion hero doos not anticipate any war between tho United Stiitcs and England ; and since Venezuela is well aware her territory is not coveted, tho triangular duel — which recalls not a little a comedy, ought to coaso. Europe is vory hostile to tho Monroe doctrine, nnd moro so since the publication of tho revised and aggravated edition by Air. Davis. Tlio interest in tlio Transvaal will now bo concentrated on tho trial of Dr. Jame son, when Cecil llhodes, whoso days of glory aro considered to ho anything hut over, is oxpeotod to make startling disclosures as to tho intrigues of Ger many, to show that lior intended raid on British rights lias had much to do with tlio imbroglio. It is good to liavo tho whole story out. Now that tho Kaiser has hud to climb down tho world has seen I10 has been liviug a good deal on appearances. Ono difficulty less bntweon France anil England is to be applauded. The Siaui arrangement may not perhaps pleaso tho Siamese, hut it will save them from boing pulled to tho loft, and then to tho right. by Anglo-Franco ambitions. Henceforth, neither power must, interfere with the kingdom, whoso people may indulge in the ealuinot of peace, and try to make all the money thoy can out of both pooplos by trade and commerce. Having unloosed the Mekong Gciidian knot, thoro is 110 reason why tho others, 011 , tho Niger, lit Newfoundland, &c.;, ought not to ho also happily untied. Only the French, iu their haste, have been wrong to assort, that it was the out break of tlio world-sot, which Forced Britain to compound. To reproach a proud and formidable power with fear is tho best way to proven!; any friendly arrangement. Tho French are too quick a people not to perceive that Eng land lias been misjudged; that slio was a dying out ompiro, and meriting only a patronising consideration. Tho rapidity ami cool ness of lior war preparations, the lifting a little of tho veil upon tho magnitude of lior resources, the recognition of lior staying powor, tho outburst of lior old lighting propensities, tho hacking unani mity of her colonics liavo opened tho eyes of tho French — hotter still, of tho world. And for tho fnturo England must romniu tinned on land as on sea wliilo rushing tho grand patriotic work of Imporinl Federation, In proportion as slio is ready — and willing — to striko so sho will ho respected. She has found out. all tho Dead Soil apples, tho hollow- noss of tho fraternities, tho hypocrisies of tho nmicnhlo relations, tho bitterness of international loving cups. Lot lior show that shoisalwayson her nntivo heath, nnd that lior liunio is Muegrogor. Then tlio curious and tho jonlous will 110 longor plan how to dynamite hor and appro priate her fragments iu tho namo of tho decalogue. Botweon her and Franco thoro is 110 question ovor which to crack skulls ; hotli pick up their Tunisia and Egypt, tlioir Tiiiibuotoo uud Ashantoo, their Mokong and Monnm, tlioir Mada gascar. nnd their. Cyprus. Lot Franco finish with hor daydream of asking tho English to ovuounto tlio Nilo, so as to allow thom to ontor, Slio .offered, by tho Drummond "Wolff aifnngomont, to . withdraw; Franco nppoBcd. Lot tho French now submit a solution, bnoked by hor willingness, to/ovnouuto Tunisia, with a potition— novor yet oxporimontod ; — from hor holdors of tho throo-fourths of tho Egyptian bonds, that this stock would rise 200 porcont, and not. "drop" whon Lord Cromor and his army of v nnnrohists loft tho country. ' Tlio Suoz . Canal is coming in for muoli 1 attention as n factor in tlio near at hand > European' hlnzo. It may not bo ' gonorally known that tho English Gov ernment now holds, duo to "'quiet. pur-, chasings, the. majority of tho. shares, and so can command the .administration of the company, and if necessary transport ,Y " tlio, offices to Lontlop j .bpt that .i it yyill not do, in order not to fret tho' Frqn'cli.; i , If lie oiinal wore blookod by a sooret foo, the stoppago of tho reeoipts would doprivc thousands of French families of tho . ohiof sources .of thoir income. But with rigilauee fleots at tlio exit and outrmico of tho ennal it would bo difficult for suspicious craft to outer tho big ditch; If closed, : all countries would huvo to tako tlio Capo roil to to. got to their foreign possessions, a rathor hazardous venture, when flying squadrons woro 011 tho .wing. Thon wlioro aro tho oneiniosto coal for a long voyage? Thoy liavo no eu-rquto coal dopots liko Britain. When Dolugoa Hay becomes British, as thoy liavo the rovorsioiiary right to purcliuso it from Portugal, that will become a second Portsmouth for tho Indian Ocean. All theso subjects aro rccoiviug now and for tho ttvst timo in France a popular examination. / Whatever "stroke of business" Itussia inny bo privately arranging with tho Sultan, it can only accelerate tho hitter's over throw — not a sorrow for tho Christian world.- So far as England is concerned Itussia can liavo Constantinople when sho pleases — guaranteeing in return, if that ho doomed necessary, Egypt to England. Tho Kussian advance into Europo might secure ponco— sho bus calmud Central Asia. In uny ease it would do away with that ono-horso show — tho Triple Allinnco. French diplomatic relations with tho Vatican are likely to ho broken off. Franco has nlso an ambassador to tho duirinal. Tlio present Cabinet doos not considers it pays to liavo a papiil ambassador, as, outsido spiritual mutters, his Holiness is classed as a nan vttleur. Besides, the Holy Father has never boon able to obtain moro than a sixes and sevens harmony of relations between the French clergy — the episcopal boncli especially — and the lfepublic. Tho Government will prepare a " Froo Thinker," as a -peruana grata, to repre sent Franco. His Holiness will object ; then relations end. Former Popes have accepted as ambassadors from Franco Protestants, and even a Jow. A Popo aecopted tho 'dedication of Voltaire's tragedy of "Mahomet." All this violates the " unities." President Krugor is a sturdy Protostaut; a few years ago I10 was solicited to inaugurate a synagogue at Johannesburg ; ho did so, hut in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. It wits enough to eauso the lost tribes to turn up and protest against tho sacrilege. France has just made a creaming of tho registers of births, deaths, and mar riages for 1891. Thorn has boon a small increase to the population, not duo to moro babies, hilt to fewer deaths ; thoy are tho resident foreigners who keep up tho not total increase of littlo strangers. The marriages have augmented, but ctti. bona? The halites continue to he con spicuous by tlioir absence. Divorces have boon brisk. A writeruffirmsthut when tho income tax hill is voted, tlio natality will augment, because the labouring classes will bo relieved of much taxa tion. As a consolation, a paper pub lishes, in fat type, tlio agreeable news that at Vernon a Madame Lucompto, aged -17, has just given -birth to hor nineteenth 'son ; mother and all tho babios doing well. Sho ought to ho decorated with tho Legion of Honour. Captain Fillon, of tho artillery, a few days ago, was walking near a house just run up, in tho Avonuo do la Motto Piquet. A stone from tho window haleony 011 tho seventh story gavo way, and dropped oil his head. Death was in stantaneous ; odd, his ltopi, or cap, was nover disturbed. In the siuno avonuo, three months ago, I10 was struck 011 tho head by a plank from a scaffolding, His wife and throe children woro waiting luneli fur him. ibsuu versus Dumas fils re woman. Tlio fennel' believes in tho regenerating influence of woman, and of horhonofiuinl notion on tlio future of humanity ; Dunnes regarded woman as 1111 eternal minor, 1111 infant misunderstood, and ill treated, hut always tho inferior of man. Marshal Canrobort on one occasion was inspecting a regiment, when ho upbraided a private for tho tattered state of his tunic. "I'll huvo my servant maid sent to sow that for you." " My man, hut you need not, I spond ovory evening with hor." Tho regi ment hurst into a laugh, Cunrohort's being tlio loudest. At lloutat, in Normandy, tho lato very popular parish priest wrote his own epitaph, and whioh figures on his tombstone, just put up : "Iloro lies tho hotly of 1111 unworthy and wretched priest of Josus Christ, and rector of this parish. Implore God to have pity on his soul, and to pardon his enemies." Who would bolievo an epitaph ? asks Byron. M. Floquot died, not from tho attacks of his enemies, but from chagrin ut not being elected President of the ltepublic. 