THE STORY-TELLER. IN QUEST OF GOLD. A STORY OP THE TRANSVAAL. I landed in Port Natal with golder hopes in my breast and eighteenpence is my pocket. The bones and the pen« vanished qniekly. There happened to ie a ware of hard timea in the colonj jost then, and evervbody was grumbling. Gold w8B said to be plentiful np country but I had no means of getting there. I kcocked about for a dav or two, and when my last copper was gone I was lucky enough to run across the prover- bial friend in aced. -Ho waa an Englishman named John Garwood, s big, red-bearded «hap, with the build of on ox. I coon saw that bc was closefisted and hard at a bargain. It wasn't arneb of a chance that he offered me, though I waa mighty glad to take him np. He had been in the colony for several years, and so far had met with poor success. Bot he was going tc stake his little ali on a search for gold away np beyond the Transvaal, and as I bad nothing to chip in for a partnership he agreed to take me along as a hired helper. I wai to get a few shillings a month, whether wc struck it rich or poor, lt was a one Aided contract, tnt I was not in the position to kick. Garwood'a outfit con- sisted of a strong waggon and eight seasoned bollocks, a tent, two rifles, a brneo of revolvers, and a lot of mining tool«. For driver fae hired a wizened and tough little Hottentot, who was abont 40 years old, aud knew every part of thc colony. I took a mistreat to Janka from the first, for he had a wicked eye that could never look one straight in the face. Ho nas a fair blacksmith and waggon wright, a dead shot, and an untiring iiunter. Garwood had picked him np at Fietermaritzberg, and be admitted that he had a reputation for impudence and laziness. ' Don't you worry,* he said to me before we started. ' I know how to manage these blacks. Janka is too valuable to part with, and as long as I am his master he wilt behave like a faithful dog.' ' I don't deny it,' I replied. ' Ton know the ropes ont here, and I'm only a green hand. But hie looks are against j him.' So we three started north, and I won't lire yon with an account of the long journey. At the end of two months we crossed the Limpopo River, and the Tranevaal was behind a«. Ahead was a wild and beautiful country, bat little known in those days. Garwood waa. aa fearless a mao aa ever livod, and though it was a daring and foolhardy thiog to do, we pushed right on into tho land of the Matábales. Ton knew,.what lively scrimmages the Char- tered Company had there. At that time ~tfie savages were more bitter towards white mon than now, and we looated our camp in the safest place we cooli fiud. It waa part way np a little valley, and in among thick timber. There , were tall mountains right and left, and a bit of a stream brawled by the tent. A od if you'll believe me that stream turned ont*to be chock full of gold.. I could hardly find it to day, and 1 reckon no ODO else bas stumbled on it jet. Ab, what s time we had ) Garwood, and I cradled the pools from morning till night, and the canvas bag of shiny nuggets grew heavier and heavior. And it all belougüd to him by the terms of the contract. I felt pretty sore, Ï can tell you, but I worked on and kept my month shat. So did Garwood, and I calculated be ' would drive his bargain to the last letter. I had no reasons. You see he WUB a grum, close monthed sort of chap, and it was ail -work and sleep with ns. No pipes' and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a month more or less, that we stayed in that lonely nook of, Matabele land. Every night there was a fresh Iheap of nuggets to shovel into the bag. No savages came near né, and we «aw no trace of any. Wc lived royally, for .the Hottentot was a rare good hunter ; aud Janka was on his good behaviour, I'm bound to say. He was as meek as a lamb, and when sometimes he saw us fingering the gold he would look at it stupidly and carelessly aa though the shiny nuggets were no more to him than sn much dirt. Ah, he was a canning rogue if ever \- there was one. One night when the canvas bag was so full that wc could hardly tia the mouth shut, a queer tiring happened. ,We awoke in the morning to find our two rifles gone. They had been carried off from oar very sides. We hunted all around, bot it was no nae. Garwood knew mighty little of spooring, and I knew lesa ; ao we had to rely on Janka. The Hottentot had a .ready solution for the mystery. He pretended to discover signs of naked feet in the trampled grass around tuB 'tent, and . declared that t wo savagoa had stolen the rifles iu tbe night ; then he crept off into the jungle like a cat, promising to track the thieves, and '/intimating that he might bring our : property back before evening. Naturally ere had little hope of that. I suspected the black «camp, though I don't know Í' "oat wbj. I hinted as much to Garwood tut he only laughed at me. Thea bs Rooked sobar and «aid that the Matábale! pmlA likely stolen the riflles to make ni ijïÂétëncolm «nd would be coming to takt ^njilifta»ext. ... ?' sSlfrYw^ attention, being fastened to oar bolte while we slept. We loaded them care- fully before we trudged np the stream lo where we were working. We-did not do mach that morning, owing te a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. We watched and listened a good bit in between the cradling, cod at dinner timo finding we had forgotten to bring oar lunch, we struck back to camp. Janka reached the tent jost as we did, only from the opposite direction. He looked fagged out, and hie feet and body were scratched by thorns. He waa empty handed, except for his customary spear. ' Where aro our rifles P' Garwood asked sharply. ' Yon are a pretty fellow to send after thieves J' ' They had mach start, baas/ aaid the Hottentot in a sullen-tone. ' Vultures on the wing could not haye overtaken them. I followed their cpoor to a Matábale kraal yonder, pointing to the weat. ' The , doge of thieves had entered the gate. 11 Fay hid oloss by in the. bathes aud ¡listened. I heard much talk «ad saw many things. At naondav aUthe fight- ing warriors ia the kraal will start for the j white-men's camp to slav them. They will ¡ be here by the falling of the sun.' Janka looked ns straight in thceye as* he spoke. His words and manner bore the stamp of troth. Though I believed him I capable of any villainy, I would haye sworn that now he was not lying. 'How many are comingr demanded i Garwood, paling under bte bronze skin. The Hottentot lifted both hands and i rapidly dosed and opened Ma Sagers a dozen times. ' That many, baas.' * lt's safe to count on half a hundred,' muttered Garwood, ' turning to me. 'We're dead men if we stay .here; ay, and we're as good aa dead anyway, for i these blaeka will track na likevfiende. It's a slim chance.' 'Hat worth the trjiog,' I replied. ' If we start at once, weean cover a good many miles by evening. The oxen are in prime condition.' Garwood nodded. ' We're leaving _ a dozen fortunes behind,* he said glancing I regretfully at the stream* . ' And taking'one with us,' said I. He looked sbarplyat me for a couple of seconds, and I knew he was asking himself if I expected a share pf gold. I had not meant it that way, and I blushed with confusion. Then he understood, and hia eves dropped. * We'll be off at once,' he «aid. * Our only ehaace ia to keep ahead of the Mátasele until we reaoh the Limpopo.' With that we fell to work, Janka lent OB a hand, bat every now and then he was taken -with a fit of shivering. Either he was mortally scared for bia life or it was the finest blt of acting I ev? r saw. Well, we got off ia short order, end ss cooa as we were clear of the valley the bullocks weat rat- tling over the grassy- veldt, with i he waggon swaying and bouncing behind. Garwood and I lay in the rear -end, watching every hill crest and clamp of shrub, and listening to the crack of the Hottentot's whip. Bat, to make a long story short, the Matabele did not chow op. We travelled j hard all that night and well into the next forenoon before we ventured on a few' hoars' halt. We were off again at sua set, and two days later we sighted the Limpopo, and crossed at a fording. We felt safe now, and were even a little ashamed of our hasty flight. But we did not dream of going back. We had had quite enough of the perilous country of the Matabeles. We took oar time oa ? the long journey through the Transvaal, heading in a direct route for Fort Natal, j From what few words Garwood let fall, I I enrmised that he was going home to England with his fortune. I felt pretty blue over my own prospects. The wages that were due me would last but - a short time after reaching .the coast, and if the times were atilt dull I might have trouble in finding employment. I'm afraid I bad some bitterness towards Garwood, for I knew he had driven a hard bargain with me. He was aa glam aa ever, and- -we found each other's company pretty mono tenons. We had pushed on after sunset be- cause the Yaal river waa not far ahead, and we boped to out-span there before midnight. Garwood was squatted in Dutch fashion against the tail-board, smoking the last crumbs from his to- bacco box. I was stretched across thc bed of the wsgsron. directly behind the driver's seat. My head waa pillowed on the bag of nuggets, and my eyes' were half-closed. Twice I saw Janka give me a quick glance over his shoulder, and when he did it a third time my old mietrn8t came to life again. I lay still peeping from nnder my eyelida, and wondering what it meant. That waa where I made a mistake, though I can't say I regret it. All at once Janka swung round, add swift aa lightning jerked my revolver ont of my belt. With a twist of his hand he reversed the weapon, and brought the butt heavily down on my forehead, i Though dizzy with pain, I gave a . loud cry and straggled to my knees. I saw Garwood apring up, reaching for his pietol, and just then the Hottentot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and Garwood threw up his arms aud fell backward ont the end of the waggon. ^ I staggered, to my feet and whipping out my huntmg-knife, faced Janka aa ha thrnst thspUtol into my fseÍMM»d pulled the trigger. The chamber either1 jbiesed Ate br wa« empty, and before I cotijd take 'Tho. gold! The gold!' he screamed shrilly. * It is all mine, baas, for you are a dead mao !' I waa accounted pretty strong in those days, but the dizzy crack on the head had put rue at a disadvantage. Moreover, I had lost the knife. As I went down I gripped the Hottentot aa best I could, and for a couple of minutes we thrasaed over the waggon bed, looked tightly. 1 waa growing weaker all the time, and I gave myself up fdr lost. Janka waa crazy with rage and greed, and his skinny muscles were like iron. His purpose waa to get at my throat and throttle me. The bullocks were moving slowly, but all at once they bellowed and broke into a gallop, and I heard the roar of a lion off to one side. Tile waggon began to sway and pitch furiously, and Janka and I were flung from side to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minute, like a flash, the waggon waa over on ita side, and I heard the bag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot waa undermost now, but I was too weak to hold him there. He would aoon have twisted leoae, I'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The waggon had been bumping along on its side, and of a sudden it took a header down a atony bank. There was rushing water at the bottom, and into it we went- waggon,, bullocks, and ail. I waa clean under before I could open my mouth, and then I had sense enough to hold my breath and kick. The current must bave washed me out of thelend of the waggon, for I came te the top of the tiver-it waa the Yaal, as you have likely guessed-'and saw tito Bhore a little way off. I gained it by swimming and wading, climbed np the bluff to a patch of grass and fell down in a dead faint. It was early dawn when I came to and I felt pretty chipper, except for the pain- ful bump on my head. The river was a yellow flood, and there was no eign of bullocks, waggon, or Janka. I was a little below the top of the bank, and when I scramblod np I was the most surprised and delighted man you ever saw. The bag of nuggets lay a few yards off, and standing beside it was John Garwood. He had a bloody bandage around his head, and I took him for a ghost at first. * I thought you were dead 1' I cried. .It waa a close shave,' he answered, 'but the ballet only ploughed my scalp. I've been lying back here on the veldt all night. Where's Janka and the team P' I told him my story, and his face grew as soft as a woman's. ' Tou're a brave fellow,' he said, ' aud I haven't treated yon squarely. Bat it ain't too late to make amende. Ton saved the gold, and half of it is yours.' ' I won't take it,' said I. ' You will,* said he, and as his voice had the old stubborn ring I didn't argne the matter. The Yaal being rapid and swollea, we knew it was no nae to look fer the team, nor did we doubt that Janka's drowsed body was tangled in the waggon. We bought a cart and bullocks from a Dutch farmer, and made our way down to Port Natal. The bag cf gold didn't hold exactly a fortune, but it gave each of ne a tidy little sum. Garwood went home to England with his. I bought a farm here ia Natal, stocked it with cattle and sheep, aud put up the buildings. That's how I \ got my first start, and I've prospered ever since.-Correspondent Peck's Sun. 