TEE DAIRYING INDUSTRY IN NEW ZEALAND. Its Rise and Progress. [By J. Davidson, of Lungharue'e 0re«V*3 Having been intimately connected with the dairying industry for a number of Tears, and more especially with the manufacture of cheese and butter in New Zealand, I am enabled f® give you an idea, in the course of a short paper, of the progress of co-operative dairying in that colony. It is now some 16 Jfars since the firef ritfiry factory was in existence in New Zealand, and that was the Edendale Cheese Bnd Butter Factory, owned by the N.Z. and A. Land Company, previous to tliis co-operative dairy factories were not known, and the butter and cheese exhibited at the Canterbury Show were made in the old primitive way. Separators and steam churns were only then coining into notice, and Scottish farmers looked askance at what they called the new-fangled ideas indicated by the exhibits at the Chrislchiircli Exhibition in 1882, but they were sufficiently long-headed to see that with the use of such machines there was money in dairying. The committee of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society accepted the new ideas as the farmers' best friends. Within two years several factories for the production of butter and cheese were started, and in Jess than 10 years upwards of a hundred factories were established' through out the colony, and the progress has gradually continued since until there are now some' thing like 140 dairy factories in New Zealand. Those of Olago and Southland principally make cheese, whilst the North Island factories devote more of their attention to butter making, and the total export to London alone amounts to nearly £500,000 per annum. There have, of course, been many trials and difficulties to contend with in developing the industry to its present proportions. Many failures have attended companies and owners of factories, so that their near approach to perfection has been dearly paid for. Not until amalgamated shipping of produce was started by i he Dairy Association could a sound footing be obtained in the London market. South Australia need not be dis couraged if a few losses are encountered at the outset, for, as in every other market, it is necessary to have a steady and continuous supply of the commodity in order to establish a reputation. The industry advanced so rapidly about 1889 that the Government were induced to obtain the most competent men from Europe •and the United Stales to act as dairy instruc tors. These experts were sent out over the land and practically allowed to farmers and dairy managers the real work of a factory. They were not mere lecturers on theory, who lark the ability to lake off their coats and show in a workmanlike manner the why and wherefore of their leaching. The instructors had lotravel both North and South Islands, giving instruction to any factory which made application to the Minister of Agriculture. Of recent years things have been made more convenient for the experts, as there is a chief instructor for each island besides a number of sub-instructors and inspectors, so that less travelling and more practical work is the result. _ Mr. 8. M. Bobbins, who came from the United States, is a Canadian Cheddar expert and is in charge of the South Island, while another American (Mr. McEwan) attends to the interests ol the industry in other parts. In addition to these there are Messrs. Wayte, Buisck,and Newman Andersen (Banes) as sub-instructors. For the services : of these experts no charge whatever is made, and their visits sometimes extend over a week, their duties consisting of practical examples in manufacturing, lectures to promote the erection of dairy factories, attending meetings of directors of dairy factories for the purpose of giving information concerning the working of plant, erection of buildings, and use of machinery, and generally to assist in forwarding the industry. In addition to these labors the instructors have prepared lithographed plans and specifications of buildings suitable for small creameries and for butter and cheese factorirs of a capacity of from 250 to 1,000 cows. These plans are accompanied by printed pamphlets contain ing detailed lists of apparatus and utensils, approximate estimates of cost of plant and buildings, full information respecting loca tion, site, and drainage, hints on construc tion and equipment, and by-laws specifying the conditions of milk purchase, cave of milk, &c.; The Government of New Zealand are nothing if not progressive, and especially so in developing the productive resources of the colony. They have long discarded all old fashioned theories as to it being the duty of the Slate not to interfere with private enter prise. Tltey even print expensive plans and supply them gratis to any dairy factory or farmer, and the^most comprehensive pamph lets of value to all classes of producers are issued by them. They believe that the cheapest and most effective mode of settle ment of the people on the land is to educate them up to an appreciation of the advantages derivable from it. In every respect the department of agriculture is most effectively organized. The Dairying Act gives the State control over the whole industry so far as inspection of dairies, cowyards, milch cows, factories, and supervision of shipping is concerned. A number of dairy schools have lately been started by the Government, and these are conducted by the various experts, who disseminate instruction on all dairying matters, including experiments with the Babcock tester. The schools are conducted at cheese and butter factories at convenient centres. Practical and scientific teaching is imparted to all who avail themselves of it, and each day a lecture is given on some particular subject. I might say that the Babcoek tester is being generally used now from one end to the other of the colony, and milk suppliers are better satisfied with this method of payment than with the old system. There is a concensus of opinion as to its value as a perfectly correct recorder of butter-fat. The value of butter exported by New Zealand in 1883 amounted in round numbers to £42,000 and that of cheese to about £7,000, whilst in 1892 the exports had risen to £228,000 and £91,000 respectively. These figures do not by one-half represent ibe value of the industry to the colony, as a great amount of the produce is of course conBumed locally. The value of this nnd of the frozen meat exported amounts to nearly £2,000,000 at present, while the enriched value of the land occasioned by the keeping of stoek has also to be considered. It may surprise some folks to know that the annual value of butter imported into Great Britain is nearly £12,000,000, and I notice that cheese to the value of about £6,000,000 is purchased from foreign nations by John Bull. ^ There is no reason why we in South Australia should not huve a large and a' better share than at present of the benefits of supplying this enormous amount of dairy produce. It is very important and necessary in establishing a trade and reputation that our supply should be as continuous sb possible in the London market, so that our brand may become a recognized one. A uniform article, brand, and package are three essentials for success. We should follow the example of ^ew Zealand and let each factory join in a dairy association having one agent to attend to shipments, one agent to arrange freights, and one selling agent at the other aide to place the produce on the market. It is officially declared that 8000 Armenians were killed during the recent massacre at Qrfah, in Asiatic Turkey. JiBXN and ITS People.—A lecture on "Japan" was delivered before the members of the Australian Natives' Association in Adelaide last week by the Hon. J. L. Parsons, who recently' returned from his trip to the Far East in the interests ofj Australian trade. 1 he Japanese, he observed, were educating themselves for entering the great comity of nations, ami yet if the late conference of "Australian Premiers were to have its way (here wus to be no trade between Australia and Japun, and the educated Japanese were to be treated like Chinese, coolies, kanakas, and luscars. Mr. Parsons delineated the character of the people and described their great and varied occupations. After extolling the moral character of the Japs and speaking of their commercial deal ings, the lecturer said their industry was marvellous. In every line of work the Japanese could imitate, improve, and invent. It was bis dogged, persistent, patient applica tion and continuance that made him a most formidable competitor. The Japanese were good-ti-mpercd and merry. Their capacity for enjoyment was unlimited. They worked like Trojans and enjoyed themselves like Greeks. The latter part of the address was devoted to tiie commercial treaties with Japan. Could we afford, us lied Mr. Parsons, for the bogey of a Japanese invasion, or the ghost of cowardice about Japanese competition, or for the stupid, narrow-minded cry of '* Australia for the Australians," to shut ourselrps off and out of the largest and safest market for our produce that bad been discovered in modern times p 