I CORONATION OF ALEXANDER [Century JUiiyu:ine.] I ino following account of the crown ing of the late Czar is by a daughter of Sir Edward Thornton, Ambassador to Russia. The service began with the Emperor's confession of faith, which was so like our own that I could follow it easily. The metropolitan came forward to hear him make it, and responded at the end, "May the grace of the Holy Ghost abide with thee." I understand comparatively little of the rest ; but they say that the prayers are wonderfully beautiful. From the first moment to the lost the Emperor was the central figure. If one looked away, it was only to see how everyone was watching him. His voice certainly trembled when he began to read, but it gained confidence as he went on, and he looked (as he always does, to my mind, with or without a crown) every inch an emperor. Throughout the whole service he bore himself with great dignity, and in a manner worthy of such an occasion. After the creed and the reading of the epistle and the gospel, he ordered the imperial mantle to be brought, which was clasped round his neck with the collar of St. Andrew, lifted the magnificent crown from the cushion on which it was presented, and receiving the benediction from the metropolitan, "in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," placed it on his head, and holding the sceptre in his right hand, and the globe in his left, seated himself upon his throne, looking a very noble presentment of a Czar of all the Russias. The Empress seemed to have caught something of his air, for that day a certain stateliness was added to all her charm. She was very pale, but I thought that I had never seen her look more sympathetic. She now left her place, and went to kneel before her husband on a cushion which had been placed for her at his feet by Prince Waldemar The Czar lifted his own crown from his head, and placed it an instant on hers before replacing it. Then, taking her crown from its bearer, he held it in place while the four dames d'honneur fastened it securely to her head. These were Countess Adlerberg, Princess Viasemski, Princess Kotchou boy, and one I did not know the oldest in rank in Russia, I believe and they also helped to fasten the imperial mantle of cloth-of-gold and ermine, of great weight. As the Czarina returned to her place, she turned her face full of emotion to her husband and held out her hand, and he taking it and stoop- ing down, they kissed each other. His Majesty now received the sceptre and globe again, and Emperor and Empress stood drowned before their thrones and wearing the imperial mantles, while the priests proclaimed the titles of the autocrat of all the Russias at full length and the beautiful chants that followed were drowned in a clanging of bells and a noise that seemed loud enough to announce the coronation to the whole of Russia. During the singing the Imperial family left their places to come and congratu- late the Emperor and Empress, the little Czarewitch first There was much embracing and plenty of tears. It was after this that, as the noise of the bells and cannon died away, the Emperor took the book from the metropolitan and knelt to pray, reading the prescribed words, he alone kneel- ing while priests and congregation stood. This was the prayer t"O Lord God of our fathers, and supreme Ruler of sovereigns, who host created everything by Thy word, and in Thy wisdom has set up man that he may govern the world in holiness and righteousness ; Thou hast chosen me as Czar and judges of Thy people. I confess Thy inscrutable providence with regard to me and in giving thanks, bow down before Thy majesty. And Thou, my Lord and God, instruct me in the work for which Thou has sent me ; enlighten my path and direct me in this great ministry ; let the wisdom of Thy throne abide with me, send it down from Thy holy heavens, that I may know what is pleasing in Thy eyes, and what is in accordance with Thy commandments. Let my heart be in Thy hand, that I may order everything to the advantage of the people entrusted to me and to Thy glory, so that even in the day of judgment I may, without condemna- tion, render my account to Thee by the mercy and bounty of Thy only begotten Son, with whom, and with Thy holy and good and life-giving Spirit, Thou art blessed unto the ages, Amen." ^^^^^^^^^^^^ 