SPORTING. The Mount Pleasant Racing Club have issued a programme for a meeting to be held on Mr. Phillis's estate, Updown Park, on Monday, February 17. There are five events on line programine,-iur wiiim cuuiiea mv v ww made with the hon secretary (Mr W. H. Coanngton) not later than S p in. on Saturday next February i. Weights declared February 5; acceptance due February 8. The sales of booths and gates will take place on February 4. The Alma South races toot place on Wednesday, January 22. There was a good attendance. The programme was -well earned out, and there were some very closely contested finishes This being the first meeting of the club they are to be congratulates on their euc cess The following were the results.— Maidens^-Don,l;TheGhosti2. Alma South Handicap—Dollar, 1; Bomba, 2; St. Helena, 3 Handicap Trot—Bismarck, 50 yards, 1; Professor, 200 yards, ,2. Ximited Handicap — Tariee, 1; Club, 2. insola tion Handicap—The Ghost, 1; St. Helena, 2\. Hacks-Ceres, 1; Don, 2. Mr. C. Francis acted as judge and Mr. J. Walsh as starter. The secretary of the Petersburg Kace Club desires us to state that TJ.Z. was omitted torn the Totalizator Handicap in the nominations for that club's meeting. . ' ."". It will be seen by our Melbourne wires-this morning that Mostyn and Destiny have been scratched for the iiewmarket Hand'cap, ana Mostyn also for the V.A.T:C. Autumn Cup A correspondent, over the signature of " Interested," writes. — " Sir — Can you answer me the following questions.—l. What was the cause of the Melbourne entries for Onkapannga not bpmg-made known to the public for more than 24 hours after the time of receiving them at Woodside'' 2 Isittrue that tbey_were received at Woodside early next morning, after the day of entries? £. And if they arrived at Woodside in the morn ing,* why was the fact not made public "before 9 o'clock in the evening 2 4. When did J 0.1..S nomination arrive at Woodside, and why did his name not appear m any of our -Aaelaide papers? 5. Is it true that Done baa been entered for the Steeple, and why has his name-not appeared in the papers! [We have had other complaints on the same subject and it appears to ub it would be a better plan when another season' comes round for Mr.yon Doussa-to use an office in the city, and doae his nominations at 4 pm, the same as other pronrment clubs are m the habit of doing —Sp. Ed ] J - The friends of the late Ben Chaston,-who died from injuries sustainedjn a Steeplechase, in which he was -riding Elastic, c nave erected a very chaste monument to his memory over his grave inline ceme tery. It is an ornamental snart or pillar of marble oh four bases of the same material, standing on a freestone founda tion, the whole being about 6 ft nigh, and bearing a suitable inscription. The grave js surrounded by a white enamelled -fence with marble slips between, and the work has been very Tvell executed by Mr. B. w. Gurr, of Shirt-street. Martini, the winner of the Maidstone Han dicap at Manbyrnong on Saturday, is engaged in theTNewmarket^Handicap at 6 st. 8 lb. The Martini-Henry gelding was well supported, and won in a canter from Lottie and Scarpia. The latter was again entrusted with^a, lot or coin, and started favorite, but once more he laded to show his true form. . With the~V.K.O. Autumn meeting close at hand matters turfy are beginning to show signs of animation, says r the JTlemingfcon cor respondent of the Melbourne KcroUl Mon. day-morning being a comparatively "oft" one there"was-not very much done, if one or two pallops be exceptei Shortly after 5 o dock Parthia shbwea an .improvement on her Man byrnong form on Saturday by covering seven furlongs on the .sand in 1 mm. 35 sec., and going on completed a mile inside 1 mm. 49 sec. Alone went" the "first six fur longs, and Sway brought her "home Patron, assisted by 3ouvardia the -first half-mile and Palmetto the four furlongs of a mile gallop on the tan, got to the end. of it comfortably in 1 mm. s>6 sec. The son of Ofga was -ridden ty Chris. Moore. Hova, looking in capital condition, went nicely over a mile on the sand, the last six furlongs of which Me traversed, in 1 mm. 24 sec. Disparity rattled over three furlongs on the sanS in 39J see., and Jubilant was just inside even time over "'a furlong further. Mischief galloped a strong mile and a half on tne sand track, which she., got over inside 1 Tarn 47 secT, Regent went the daughter of Commotion for _a mile, when he was beaten off. Danbydale and Silverlocks slipped over a merry ialf-mile and the latter petting "away with her tiny pilot completed five furlongsmlminibi sec. Carl ton made his reappearance and cantered gently on the sand track, as did -the Carbine illy Ammunition. Warpaint, Homespun, Gehenna, Destiny, Trent, JEiridsforde, "Wolf, Gratiano, O'Tnffger, J Aurelius, Cohort, Glen coe, Interlude, Barleycorn,3Mon Ami, J.O.ij Captain Swift, Dunlin, Waratah, ?"'Vagrant, and a host of others all did steady work. The Manbyrnong stewards had their hands tolerably full on Saturday, when there were no iewer than- three enqmries, two of which occurred m connection with the Hurdle Bace, but the explanations given?were satisfactory. These enquiries, however, culminated Dy the stewards dropping down heavily on the Pot-8 os contingent, the horse, lessee (T. Wilson) and jockey (A. Smith) being disqualified for six months for suspiciou? practices in connection with the Jumpers' 3?lat Eace, for which Pot-8 os, Borderer and Aurelius -were the only competitors Notwithstanding Ire marks the Age) that Borderer and Pot -Bos met on precisely Binular terms as when they -ran a dead heat at Mentone, the former opened a strong odds on favorite, whereas a liberal -price was obtainable about botn his opponents for the asking. It .was -noticeable that Pot 8-os ran extremely wide all through the race, and at the home turn let *ip Borderer on the inside, .a- fact which the stewards deemed deserving of the punishment noted. _ ?? Mischief, Count Herbert, and ?< lat iron will leave Melbourne on Wednesday to fulfil their Tasmaman engagements. The team will bein charge of T. Jiawlings, and Mr. Alexander Pearson wnTb o a pissenger'by the Eame boat A " man who knows" tells the FAitadelfihvL Jl'cord thit a concern in Philadelphia makes a profit o£ 24 dollars on the carcaoe of every horse. In the first place the aide is valuable, and tne leather known as cordovan is taken from the skin over the rump.- The other leather is soft, and is-used mostly for clippers and heavy driving gloves The hair from the "tail and mane is made into liairclothf and the short hair is usecTm' staffing cushions and horse collars. 3?rom the hoots oil is extracted, and the bony substance is sold to comb manu facturers. The leg bones are used for knife handles. The ribs and head are burned to make-bone black after the glne has been.ex tracted By various processes "phosphorus, carbonate of ammonia, cyanide of potassium, and prussic acid are obtained, and sometimes the meat is canned and shipped to Europe. "We could do with such an establishment in South Australia The clergymen of Toronto, Canada, insti tuted a movement some little time back to secure the repeal of the existing~bettmc law in the dominion, which permits open book making? To this end a conference was held with Sir Charles Tupper, representing the Government The reformers were afraid that the stringent law on "New 'York Estate would force the gambler! there over into Canada, and as they were ocposed to gambling many form they -would be satisfied with;nothing Jess than a complete repeal of the law permitting betting Sir Charles Tupper admitted that the ministers bad some cause for w complaint, but he declined to assist th endangering the turf as an institution. He counselled modera tion, and "while promising to do all that be could to meet their views reminded them that they might achieve much greater success if they merely aimed^ to strike And crush a dangerous abuse of what might otherwise prove to be a harmless pastime of the people. The~VJI.C committee contemplate the re vision of the lists of stewards of various clubs, with a view to the removal of the names of gentlemen who, thongh allowing their names to appear, do not attend and perform then: duties at the various meetings of the clubs. A few weeks ago at Coney Island races a restaurant keeper made bets to the extent of 330 doL with a firm of bookmakers, and lost $ but as he claimed to "have -won from them subsequently 400 doL, he refused to pay the former amount. The jing men repudiated the 400 dol bet, and went to law to recover the 330 dol The complaint, an exchange says, was drawn up m such a 'way that it went to show that the money lost wa^ "practically a loan and not,a racing "bet, and plaintiffs had a ver dicfc returned in their favor. The Spirit of the Times says that the verdict is unpreee dented and contrary to the clause of the Percy Gray law relating to betting, which is-as fol lows —" Any person who, upon any race course authorised by or entitled to the benefits of this Act, shall make or record, directly or indirectly, any bet or" wager on thef result of any trial or contest of speed, or power of endurance, of horaes taking place upon such racecourse, shall forfeit the value of any money or -property so wasered, received,_ or held by Turn, to be recovered in-a civil action by the person or persons with wham such wager is made, or by whom such money or property is deposited." Angelica, the sister to St Simon and dam of Onne, has such a good colt foalby Kendal that the Duke of Westminster nas decided to send, her again .next season to that horse, to whom also Colonel North will sendEmlome]. Messrs. Weatherby have just published the third annual supplement to volume JL VII. of the English Stud Book, and breeders will wel come its "appearance, its contents being of a most valnable character to those interested in blood stock, records,' The total number of brood mares accounted for in 1895 amounts to 5,502, againsts,D7s raJ.S94, bnt this falling off is explained by the fact that when a mare was stated m last > ear's supplement to have died afteriirodu?ing a foaL being Darren, ortaviJJg slippeiJ, tbe name does not appear in the pre- sent volume. This makes the number about 60 fewer than would otherwiEe liave been thes case. The returns eLctv for ISSS -.— Colts, - 1,634; fillies, 1,525^ barren, 1.2G5; Elipped, 124;' not covered in previous -years, 189 3 put to half-bred sires in previous years, 73; died emce preceding season, 184j sent abroad, 1955 not returned, 295;' put out of the stud, 77. In? the list of foals tve find Eoyal Hampton cre dited with 33 youngEters; St Angelo-ttitb 31 % St Serf and Salisbury, 30 each; Despair, 29 ; Ayrshire, Donovan, and Adieu, 'JS each; Pioneer ana Sheen, 26 each; Kendal and Common, 25 each; 3linting, 24; St. Simon, Hampton, Galopin, and Pepper and Bait, 2Z each. 