Sermon for Sunday. ' Who Is This P By Late Rev. 0. H. Spuikjeos. For who to thto that ongaged Hto heart to approach unto Ma? saith tho Lord.— Jere miah xxx. 2L Thin inquiry is mado, I think, with three great designn. First, to direct attention to this glorious Person — 11 Who is this?" Secondly, to excito admiration of His won drous work — "that ongaged His heart to approach' unto Mo, said fcno Lord and then, thirdly, to arouso our interest in tho result of this marvellous approach unto God ; for hy it wo jure permitted nnd enabled to ap proach unto tho Lord ourselves, and wo hoeomo His people, and Ho confesses Himself to bo our God. li l'lio question of our text is naked to direct attention to this glorious Person. " Who is this that ongaged His heart to ap proach unto Mo? saith the Lord." Wo road tho chapter, and if you havo road it atten tively, or will do so, you will learn that the person who must draw near to God must .bo ono of oursolves. "Their nobles," or their glorious ones, " shull bo of themselves, and thoir gb pernor ahull prooood from the midst of thorn ; and I will causo liim to draw near, and ho shall approach unto Mo." It ib clear that n fit representative fur men must ho himsolf a man. Who is this who can as man appear for mou, uud hy his per sonal righteousness acid saorifioo rondor man accoptablo with God? Thoro was a Man of matohloss birth, at whose coming angels sang, for they wore told that He would bring glory to God in the highest, and ou earth poaco. Find Him in Bothlo- hem's manger ; thoro Ho lies, tho Sen of Mary— trulv man, ono of ourselves, partakor of our flesh and blood, subject to human wants, wouknosscs, and woes, and able there fore to sympathise with us and havo compas sion upon us. That Muu grow up in this world without taint or spot, free from sin whether natural or ucquirod, and vet Ho was in the truest senso ono of ourselves, so that Ho is not ashamed to call us broth- rcn. Whon tho. malioious oyos of- Sutan searched Him through and through ho found nothing evil in Him. Ho was without spot or wrinkle, or any such thing, and Ho it is— glory bo to His name !— Ho it is tbat hath engaged His hoart to approuoli unto God ou our behalf. Ho is the Son of Man, most truly ; anointed with tho oil. of gladness above His follows, but still truly fellow with men. Though He counted it no robbery to bo equal with God, yet Ho took upon Himself tho form of a sorvant, and was mado in the likeness of inon that Ho might rodoora us. 2\. I come now to oxoito admiration of His matohloss work. If Jesus Christ is to ap proach to God for us, it is clear that He must come down into our condition, for Ho must first descend or Ho cannot ascend. Naturally thoro is such a oneness betwoon tho bleBaed Porsons of tho Trinity that thoro can bo no approaching in Their case to ono another ; hut Jesus, though Ho was for over in tho highest sense with God, loft His pluco of glory and took tho position of our aliume, " Himself took our infirmities and bare our sicknesses." Thoro Ho stands, ovon whero wo stood by nature. Where wo lay in our blood, there He cumo and onguged His heart to dolivor us. He stood at tho judgmout-bar beoause wo had brought oursolves there ; Ho wus rojeotod of tho peoplo because wo woro rojootcd ns reprobate silvor ; He was con demned booauso wo woro condomnnd ; and Ho was put to death because buoU was tho sontonco upon us. Ho doscondod into our depths to engineer a way from tho loweat to tho highest ; to come back from Buslmn, and from tho depths of tho sen, lead ing tho van of tho armies of His ohoson as they return unto God with songs and over- lasting joy upon their heads. This lowly place being taken, heboid our Lord actually approuching unto tho offended Majesty on high. Though found in fashion as a man, nnd by reason of His becoming a curso for .us donied tho prosonco of tho Father, bo that Ho criod in anguish, " My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" yet Ho did approach unto God — Ho did come near ; nay, Ho remaiuoth near, able to save thorn to tho uttormost that come unto God by Him. Ho hath passed undor tho oloud and the durkness, and through the consuming ffro, and now Ho is tho Lamb in tho midst of tho throne. Ho bus gone into tho holy of holies and rovealcd the morcy-scat. Ho has bridged the greut gulf whioh sin had inudo. "It is finished," said Ho, ero Ho bowed His head, and gave up tho ghost. Tho pathwuy is opou : overy gulf is filled > ovory Yalloy is exulted, and overy niountain and hill laid low. It is finished, — tho way from man to God 1ms boon already troddon by myrjadB of cleansed foot; for our Glorious One has oast up tho King's highway and xnudo straight paths for our foot. Corno, lot us tread tho road. With holy confidence let uu draw nigh unto God. . , Having thuB determined that Ho would approaoh unto God on our bobalf, Ha took all the oonsoquonoes. A correct reading of the passage would bo, "Who is this that liatu pledged His heart, or Hia life, to approach unto Mo, saith the Lord P " If yu tfko1rll raeauing of the word "heart" to be lifo, sinoo the heart is tho source of Hfo ".n lifo in surety — that Ho would approaoli unto God, tho Judge of all, and bring us neat to Him. When Ho camo 09 tho representative of sinful men, then vongoanoo with his sword must smite Him, and ho was willing to bo smitton. Voluntarily Ha gavo His hook to tho smitcrs, and His cheeks to' thorn that plucked off tho hair ; Ho did not hido His fuoo from shumo and spitting. Hoimmtrlio, if Ho draws near to God for sinful moil, for suoh is tho penalty duo ; but He willingly lnid down His lifo of Himself, and, bowing Hie lieud, Ho gavo up tho ghoBt. He might havo drawn back from His undertaking if Ho would : but Ho liovor thought of drawing back. With desire He desired to out that passovor. In order to dio, He broke off in tho middle of a discourse, saying, " Arise, lot us go henco." His motto was, "Tho cup whioh My Father hath givon Mo, slmll I not drink it?" Ho saved , others, hut Himsolf Ho could not savo, because Love hold Him bound in her chains. How intensely ought wo to lovo Jesus, since Ho thus reckoned nothing too hard or heavy, that Ho might appear in tho presenco of God for us nnd malco a way to God for poor sinners suoh as wo are. Ho ovon delighted in suffering and dishonour for this end. "For tho joy that was set before Him Ho endured the cross, despising tho slianio." Ho mado pledge, not merely of lmnd or eye, but of His heart and life ; Ho caino with His lifo in His hand bofora Joliovah's face, and gave up that life that Ho might remove from us tho death penalty due to justice, and so reconoilo us to the Lord of all. Tuuo your lmrps, yo angels ! mnko thin Sabbath on which wo think of this sublime mystery a festival of song. Lot mo try to arouso your interest in the sweet results of Jesus Christ's having ap proached to God for us. The first result is found in tho oliupter. Read that twenty- second verso. Read it witli your own oyes, and wonder that it should bo put there. " Who is this that engaged His hoart to ap proach unto Me ? saith tho Lord. And ye shall ho My peoplo, and I will be yonr God." That is, because our royal High PrieRt ap proached unto God for us, therefore we, who woro oallcd outousts— wo whoso wound was incurable and grievous ; wo that wero utterly ruiiiodaiid undone — wo, believing in this Jesus, shull in Him become the people of God. Lot mo apoak plainly with you, bolovcd brethren. How many of you havo realised this? It is all idle for me to talk about Ohrist making tho way unless you run in tho way. Are you tho Lord's pooplo? Many of you humbly rejoice in this high honour ; but there may ho a fow horo who uro of another mind ; you oaro nothing for hnving tho Lord to ho your God. Is it not likoly that it would ho a happy thing for you if yon woro ono of God'speopfo? You can never rest till you are. But you say, "HowcanlbeP" Why, it all follows upon what I havo boon talking of. Jesus Christ weut in unto tiio Father for us, that wo might approaoli unto tho Father in Him nnd through" Him, that wo might hcooino tho Lord's own peoplo, anil that tho Lord might become our God. I tell you I would soonor say, " This God is my God," than anything olso that loan imagino. To say, "This kingdom is my kingdom," or "This wholo world is miuo," woro u miBerublo business compared with saying, " My Beloved is mine, and I am His." You- would not think I oxuggoratod if you tried it. I invito you to un honest, prabtionl test. Sco if there ho not joy in tho salvation of God. Religion is with somo people a sort of dreamy tiling on Sundays ; you sit in yonr pews and hoar with . us long- winded talkors\ about things which you do not euro for. Oh, hut if you did valuo und ' onjoy them! If you could hut tuste and lmndlo thorn, you would Ray "Go on, preacher; go on I You are a poor baud at it, for your thomos are so groat and wondrous that you ounnat roach to thorn ; .hut, still, go on. Ring tiuit boll again; opon more doors, and let us poop m upon tho seoret treasures. Bring us more olustors of tho grapcR of Eshcol, and lot us at least pluck a borry horo and thore, if wo cannot carry away a wholo olustor, and so fill our mouths with tho inexpressible delight of being God's peoplo, and having Johovah to bo oar God." This bliss comes to thoso of us who rojoico in Josus Ohrist. and havo no confidonco in tho flesh, bcoauso Jesus said, " I will wait upon tlio Lord that hidotii His fuoo from tho houso of Jacob." Tho face of tho Lord is no longer hidden from us, hut wo havo aoeess with con fidonco into this graco wherein wo stand, and rojoico in linpo of tlio glory of God. Ono grout result of Christ's having died is to leave us u way of ucoess, whioli is frooly oponcd to ovory poor, ponitont sinner. Come ; are you using tiiat way of access ? Do you ubo it overy day? Having used it, nnd thus having drawn near to God, do you dwell near to God ? Do you abido in God ? Is God tho main thought of your lifo, tho ohiof delight and object of your boing ? If it he not so, I earnestly invito you, hy tho Spirit's help, to mitko it so. You must engage your heart to oomo to God in Christ. Thoro in no coming to God without sincere resolve and eager deuiro. Arc you engaged to suoh an cad ? Alas ! it limy be you are drawn olsowhore. Are yon onguged? Alas ! soma uro engaged to Mtidtuuo Bubble ; somo are ongaged to Beliul ; somo are onguged to self ; somo are engaged to Mammon ; somo seem ongaged to tho very devil of tho pit. Be wiso, mid break these unluwful engagements. Lot your oovonant with death ho broken, and your leuguo with lioll ho disannulled. Though you ho woary of my words, yet Would I stir you up to iutorest. in this nil- important muttor. Break these deadly hands asunder. God help you, by a uuddon energy which lie slinll give you, to snap your fetters oneo for all, and then at once firmly engago your hearts to Ohrist. Novor such loveliness, novor suoh lovo, will you find olsowliere. Come, say now, " "What ever elso I do or do not do, I will do this : I will approaoli to God hy tho way that Ohrist lias oponod for mo ; I will arise and go to my Father." Tho question, .""Who is tliisP" admits of a second answer, for now in Christ Jesus all hellovorfl with ongaged lioarts uro approach ing unto God. Who is this ? At first, it is Jesus, Son of Man una Son of God ; and noxt it is His Clmreji, with all lior heart ongngod, anprouohin'g uuto God by Jesus Christ. My hearers, can you join in tlio nong of praise which is now rising from liouvou nnd earth ? Angels are waiting till you approaoli thoir God. Como, hurry up ; hasten to tho bleat. At ouoo approaoli your God by Christ Josus ; nnd as angels rod you ooming, thoir song shall grow yot louder, till it shall oxool tho noiso of many wutors and out-voicb tho last greut thunderings. Thoy come ! TJioy oomo 1 Sinners uro comiug to God I Halle lujah! Hallolujnh! HoUolujsli! Anion. 