TRAVELLER MARKET DAY IN AN ITALIAN COUNTRY TOWN. Belluno is a small town in Venetia, at the foot of the Italian Dolomites. It stands on a steep promontory, formed by the rush of the great torrent-river Piave, as it sweeps round the lesser hills on its first issuing from the rocky gorges of Cadore. Being only four hours by train from Venice, it is an easy accessible place of refuge from the sultry heat of the lagoons. The cool blue of the mountains—varied here and there with a touch of snow from the higher peaks—and the rich green of the well-cultivated and fruitful country, refresh the eyes and repose the brain, tired and aching with the glare of sunshine reflected from red brick churches and white marble palaces. We arrived late in the evening, and at once went out to explore the town. All was silent and dark. We went through an ancient gateway, and threaded cautiously the roughly paved, winding streets, for the wide projecting eaves of the lofty massive houses shut away from us even the faint light that came from the stars. The darkness seemed to be made only the more profound by the feeble glow of an old petroleum lamp slung out, here and there, at the end of a long iron arm. Not a ray of light shone from door or window, and not a creature was to be seen or heard, though it was not yet nine o'clock. We began to think we had dropped into a city of the dead. Once, indeed, through the open door of a church, and by the light of a flickering taper, we discerned an indistinct figure bending before a shrine ; but that, we agreed, might be a ghost ; so we returned to our hotel—the bright and comfortable ' Albergo delle Alpi,' wotidering wherever the five thousand inhabitants of Belluno could be ! Next morning, all was changed. The cheerful notes of the Bersaglieri's trumpets roused us early from our slumbers, and told us they were already back from their morn- ing march. Then the hum of voices and the tramp of feet called us to our window ; and we saw group after group of peasants troop- ing down from the neighbouring hills, bring ing to the town their cattle and their farm produce, for it was market-day in Belluno. There were merry parties of country-women, with their stout blue or black dresses set off by snowy white sleeves and gay-coloured aprons, and with pretty kerchiefs thrown tent-wise from the array of silver pins which framed their faces, thus shading the sun from their eyes. Some trundled hand-carts laden with sacks of maize, or poultry and butter ; and occasionally amongst the cheese and the eggs sat the old granny, less fit than she once was to make the whole journey on foot. Others carried on their shoulders the graceful cobra—the basket of this part of the country—full of fruit and vegetables ; whilst the husbands and brothers drove along the sheep and oxen. All this commotion made us anxious to see Belluno alive in the morning after having seen it dead at night ; so we hastened to fol- low the crowd. Going down the narrow lane that leads from our hotel, we came out from under overhanging houses, supported on Gothic stone brackets, into the Campitello, the chief business centre of the town. It is a long and spacious piazza, once the exer- cising-ground of the garrison, in the old warring days when Belluno boasted of a castle and walls ; and it forms, so to say, the base of the triangle on which stands the old town. Some traces of the walls can yet be seen, though they have been built up into houses ; and the two great double gateways, Porta Diana and Porta Dante, with their massive wooden and iron-clamped doors, still give access to the older part of Belluno. These form the south side of the Campitello ; whilst along the whole extent of its northern side are large houses with handsome porti- coes of all styles of architecture—Gothic, Lombardic, and Renaissance. Though the houses above them are the most common- place of modern ones, these columns and capitals are very old, since, being solid blocks of stone, they have stood firm when every- thing else in Belluno was shaken to pieces by frequent and disastrous earthquakes. Here, in this big piazza, all the missing inhabitants of Belluno seem to be congre- gated. It was a brilliant sight, as the morn- ing sun streamed down on the busy throng. Long rows of stalls and booths filled up one end of the square, and all manner of market carts were ranged along the walls. The bright-coloured stuffs and shawls with which the stalls were stocked vied in hue with the costumes of the peasants who crowded round them. Behind these stalls, spaces had been marked out on the ground, and here were set in order the goods of many a travelling merchant. One had set out his unfolded dress stuffs in little heaps, so that his square of ground looked as if a crop of tulips had just been mown and made up into haycocks, bat which changed in colour as the stuffs were sold off. Next this, was a green field— of pottery. There were earthenware pots and dishes of every conceivable shape, each of them characteristic. Some way on was a great array of tin and iron implements and pipkins, which the peasants carry off in numbers to replace the handsome bronze three-legged pots inherited from the fore- bears, and which are being rapidly trans- ferred to the halls and drawing-rooms of England and America. Next, a great pile of crimson and yellow attracted our attention and that of the crowd. A seller of wonder- fully- coloured blankets and counterpanes had draped his coat with them, and, dressed in a gaudy coat, was selling them by auction. Beginning at a high price, he came down to such a low one that one was surprised how all did not go off. Such cheap-jacks are always more or less amusing all the world over, but there was something extra funny in this one, from the earnestness he put into his face, and the vigour with which he ex- patiated on the qualities of his goods. ' This blanket is the largest ever made : it can cover you and you wife, your grandmother, the children, the donkey, the dog, and the cat. Another, he declared, was ' so soft and thick that he who had the troubles of a Job would find them all melt away under its warmth.' This would certainly have sold for four francs, if its twin one had not just gone off for two and a half. While all this was going on under the blaze of the sun, life was no less busy in the deep shade of the porticoes. Here are to be found the chief shops of the place ; but to- day, as if fearing that the outside attractions might divert attention from them, they had pushed out temporary counters into the arches in front, with a tempting display of things to suit mountain taste ; and linen and lace, men's suits, and fanciful gaiters, hung like curtains from the apex of the arches. In one portico waved long streamers of green Alpine caps of broad-brimmed straw hats for the men, all threaded on a string like a gigantic daisy chain ; and festoons of gay ribbons to bind them with floated from the spiral leaves of the carved capitals ; whilst from the stall below rose columns of the flat black felt hats worn by the women of the Austrian valleys, which they raise from their heads like men, when saluting you, and take off when they go into church. Under another arch were piles of the gorgeous um- brellas so dear to Italian country-people, and without which they are never seen— olive green, saffron, orange, bright blue and crimson, and all with rainbows round their edges. Three consecutive arches were filled with a long array of books, the most modern of which must have dated from the days of our grand-parents' youth, all except an English book on children's illnesses and a bad French novel. Farther on, a silver- smith's stall was thronged by young women anxious to invest their latest savings, or the price of their own particular lamb just sold, in another fantastic headed long silver pins to enlarge the circle of shining silver with which they love to crown themselves. In another portico we were claimed as old friends by a merchant from Pieve di Cadore, whose stall was a very museum, where, besides the ordinary things a Belluno shop supplies, he had fancy glass from Venice, Russia-leather bags from Vienna, and needles and cotton from England. We were amused to be saluted by him with the familiar Pieve, phrase, ' Staga pulita ?' (Are you clean ?), which to new ears sounds a little strange, but which is only the mountain phrase for ' Are. you well ?' 