AROUND THE HILLS. New Year's Eve was the occasion for prac tical 'jokes' at Ermington. Tbo river smells pretty high at Ermington in tho early morning sometimes. Said to be the matter discharged at Rookwood. Mrs. Powell and Miss Pattengell (recent ar rivals at Rydalmere) gave a treat to the chil dren in their class at the combined Sunday sohool, Rydalmere, recently. Refreshments, toys nnd presents were liberally distributed. The othor teachers are likely to treat their classes similarly. Plate-laying, it ia said, was started on the Rosehill line on Monday. Rydalmere Druids will have a good time to wards the end of the month, and visitors are expected from many other lodges. Residents of Rydalmere want to know if Auburn hangs fire in the matter of that proposed bridge across the river. A grand art nnion for some very valuable prizes is being organised in connection with St. Mary's R. C. Church, Rydalmere. Tho bricklayers at Mr. Weeks White's big residence were to have a social at the Rydalmere Sohool of Arts last night to celebrate the com pletion of their work. The marriage of a well-known and highly respected resident of Victoria Road, Ermington, is on the cards for some day next month. Messrs. Whitehead and Adamson are bnild ing a substantial W. B. residence for Mr. Tom McKee on Victoria Road. The recent entertainment of the Ermington Dramatic Club gave a surplus of four-pence— a nice sum indeed for all the trouble of re hearsal and so forth. The public should havo responded more liberally. Dundas Star of tho East, I.O.G.T., visited Happy Thought, Parramatta, last week. On Friday the members practised hymns for tho publio meeting organised for last night. The moonlight picnic at Mr. James Smith's, Carlingford, was a great suceess. TheDnndan Band was present, engaged by Mr. Phil. Hookloy. About 70 members of tho families of Mr. John Muir and Mr. John Noale assembled nt tho former's residence at I'.rmington on Now Yoar's Dny for tho annual reunion. A good timo was apont. Messrs. Muir and Nonlo aro phip mutoa and they with their kith and kin alwaya begin tho Now Year together. Around tho hilla and umong the orchards io a troat for which Mr. Tod Block caters Mr. T. P. Flotoher removed from Cnatlo Hill to Pnrramatia on Tuesday. Thero ought to bo somo weddinga out nt Bnulkham Hills Bhortlv. Leap vour, ladios. lie written: 'Every bullet finds its billet.' 'Tia said that Cupid'a dart has pierced n son of tho soil out at Baulkhnm Hilla, and a serioua ceremony is to eventuate. According to nil rumors tho Western gold fover will cauBo quito an exodus of Buulkham Hills young men. All around tho hills tho fovor has ' caught on ' properly. Baulkham Hill? records 103 degrees in the shado as tho heat registered on Monday. When Gf-orgo Nicholls and Frank Loo, of Buulkhnm Hills, go fishing ngnin, bb thoy did on Tuosday, they will take somo musical chirm with them. Tho Burton brothors had a very profitable timo at Borowra with bnit nnd hook last week. Mr. .Jnme3 Crane, of Caatle Hill, was placed in au awkwnrd predicumont in Parramatta on Obriatmas Eve. Ho was hunting for tho season's bargains wbon tho horso ho was driv ing 'gave up tho ghost' — a eeriouB loss those tiuioa. Mr. Svd. Black was expected to bo leaving Castlo Hill for Coolgardio on Tuesday. Mr. C. Tuckwell, of Castlo Hill, has a family oat twolvo years old, which killed a big black snako on New Year's Eve. Tho same day Mr. Alex. Greenwood killed two big spec iineus, nnd took 24 eggs from ono, thus demolishing u comploto reptile kingdom in one net. Mr. W. H. Bayly, formerly of Castle Hill, died suddenly at Concord on Monday night. There are still some nice oranges hanging about Kenthurst and Dural orchards. Some frolicsome youths of Castle Hill were amusing themselves the other day riding Mr. D. T. Buckley's pony into what is known as "Spring Hole," with the result that the animal was lamed through striking a snag. Police proceedings may possibly ensue now. Corn crops, tomato patches and "planters' friend" are conspicuous on the Dural Road. A big black and tan canine on the Dural road, about a mile from Bayly's, will yet bring its owner to the Parramatta Police Court. Equestrians don't like their horses bitten by every savage cur on the road. .All around tho hills on Monday, tho chiof topic whs tho oxcessivo hoat prevailing. Re ports wero to hand of fruit shrivelling up and dropping. In somo parts it is reported that birds fell dead from thn trees. Mr' Tim Brien'a pencheB wero tho loading featuro of tho 6uppor table at a rocent Burpriso tjarty. ' Tho Rev. O. Blackot (formerly curato of Castlo Hill parish, now of Mulgon), wna marr ied at Rouso Hill on Tuosday to Miss Jo3eph ino Schofiold of Kollyvillo. Tho Rov. E. Hargruve tied tho knot. Tlio Misaos Schofleld (Bister and cousin of the brido) nnd Miss Dar gin wero tho bridesmaids. Tho brido was for morly organist at tho O. E. Church, Rouso Hill. Both wore vory popular in tho pariah. Tho Cnrlinpford blacksmith, Mr. Goorgo Kentwell, is leaving for Coolgardio shortly. Mr. Phil Hockloy has had another fovoro bout of cholerr., but is well again. Public schools reaumn duties noxt Monday. Mr. John Williamson is able to get about again after his sever attack of dropsy. His recovery is a wonder. Tho surveyors woro at work at Carlingford station, tho terminus of tho first section of the Ro3--hill line, on Wednesday. Tho bridgo over tho rivor for tho lino is nnnrly finished. It is said to bo a vcrj- sub stantial 8tructuro. Tho hone is expressed that when tho loco motivo doea disturb tho oereuity of tho orchards, tho trams will run at convenient hours. Mr. Edwin Harris' orchard (managed by Mr. JoEoph Power) has produced somo monster poaches of tho Jubiloe variety, I think. Thoy aro beautiful specimens, fine for tiblo uao, and good for packing. The grapes at Toongubbio — in fact, ovory whoro — aro pinched, owiog to tho dry senson they have experienced. Mr. Ohristan Klippett, of Toongabbio, hna a crop. As in the caso of tho citrua fruits last winter, hia grapes aleo now show tbo benefits of irrigation. Mr. D. Johnstone, of Bowrnl, who waa married recently, went to tho Hawkosbury River for his bonoymoon, and camo to spend a fow days at Toongabbio, tho old spot, on Tuesday. Tomatoes wore badly burnt by tho heat on Monday. The black spot haa played groat havoc with thorn in many placed. Mr. O. Klippert of Toongabbie had a largo number of tomatoes destroyed by the heat on Monday. Tom Tuck, of Seven Hilla, colobraled hia 18th birthday on Saturday night, at his father's residence. There were between GO and 70 pro Bent. Mr. Norn's' bund from Sydnoy supplied the music. Tea was served at about 7 o'clock, after which dancing and games wero resorted to. Needless to say, a good snppor was pro vided, Mr. Fred Priestly preluding this part of the proceedings by singing ' Many Happy Returns of the Day.' After Bupper, dnncing nnd sineing were continued until daylight. The Sydney visitors remained till tho 3 p.m. train left on Sunday. Mr. Charles Korslako supplied musio for Bomo of the dances. Mr. Arnold Attwright was horning off somn stumps last Saturday, and|tho firo commenced to spread across the young orchard. By the aid of Mr. F. Birk, tho fire was put out aftor damaging several trees. Mr. R. G. Boll's now residence nt Wenth northville ia completed, it is one of tbo boat furnished places in tho district. Mr. Boll in getting the orchard in good ordor, and Mr. E. Bink ia oa the job. 