COMPLETE STORY. •' [sow riasr ruBLisnED.] • • y - »* >p HERBERT RUSSELL, [Author of "A Conflict-: in a Railway ; • Tuuuel/' &C;/; ' [AIL auayfSLAND BIGHTS SE3EE7ED.] :r' I was returning one autumn evening, some Irvears ago, from tho»~quant little town of roads tiurs, to Ilamsgate, at which placo l joften, chanced to. bo spending a holiday. ''I Iwalkcd by way of the cliffs, with the sea ^etrotching. wido on mj left, murmuring in a \- gentle music of aurf.npon the pale Bauds far /^beneath, and tail waving cornfields shutting : oot the landwards view 0:1 my right. It was a beautiful night, I remember the bom*, about eight o'clock. Overhead the cloudless hca\vens were a galaxy of stars from zenith to horizon, twinkling with h frosty brilliancy, save where ; they burnt dim and wan in the light of the ■ "moon, that floated large and bland in their /midst. It was clear to the sea-line, upon vwhich twinkled the. lanterns of the Goodwiu 'light-ships. I never recollect such u radiance •of .moonshinethe shadow-like shapes of \- chips, creeping quietly along before the soft wind ait some three or four miles from the ' coast, were plainly revealed by it. I strolled ' leisurely, enjoying the rich oceauic aromas . borne to my nostrils by the mild breeze, and finding pleasure in tho solitude and repose of that rich night scene. ' • r had turned abend in. the line of cliffs, which gave me a view of tho. glimmering .. chalk heights for half a league ahead, and • was. approaching a steep rugged 'defile that • led to the beach below, and is locally known ;':as Dumpton Gup. A weird looking spot r. thi<i, to view by the'light of the pale moon : beams; if tho ghosts of the bygone race of ^smugglers have a trysting place surely it must be hereabouts, just as in life the . old ; chine waB their rendezvous; and I never think of the silent deserted. chasm, us it appeared on this night, witliout believing •'•■'that had I lingered awhile upon the grass " covered brink of it, my fancy would presently have shaped a. strange picture of spectral ; figures/ clad in jerkins and knee-boots and "red. worsted caps, passing in stealthy pro • cession up the slope, with tubs of spirits and " bales of tobacco upon their backs,, making for the darksome caves in the chalk-pit u little distance inland. Glancing .across .towards the . swelling tract of meadows through which tho path ran on the other side of the Gap, niv eye was ; taken by the figures .of two men coining along • over the brow of the hill, and showing dark and well denned against the starry sky that : way. ' They might probably have been three quarters of a mile off when I first spied them, but their, forms loomed largo in the gloom, •„ and caused them to appear a great dcalnearer. I made my way round tho head of the raviuo so as to get on the other side of it. By the . time I had again struck tho footpath, which : terminates at a little black hut that marks tho point of departure oF some submarine cable, the two men were tolerahlyclose, and I could hear the sound of their voices as they talked, bo quiet was the night. "Whilst I watched them I saw ono of the • .figures step asido on to the grass and kneel down, as though to adjust his bootlace or , some such trifling matter.. My attention at that fnomont was attracted "by a bright shoot \- ing star that sped across tho heavens, almost • directly overhead, and expired in a tiny } shower of sparks, leaving a thin trail of " golden haze bchiud it. which slowly melted out. "When I looked again for the two men • the oho who had been kneeling was no longer • to be seen, and his companion had come to a -. dead..stand, and was staring around us though ■ in search of hiin. In a very little while I caroo up with the man. He turned his head to survey mo as I . approached, and said with a puzzled air . . . " Did you seeanything of tho gentleman I vras walking with, sir ?" " ^ " I was just wondering what had become of him," said I. - "Ho stepped on one sido to Ho his boot," \- continued the other, advancing a few stops towards tho spot wliero* I had seen the man kneeling. "Ha ! there ho lios half buried in the long grass. Hello, Fenton. What's' the matter old nhap ?" The dark shape, lying-flat on'tho edge of a densely verdant field, neither stirred nor aa-T . ewered. Ho went up to him, and bent ovor ..'his figure. Ho lay prone, w: prone, with bis arms and yegs; stretched out in tho attitudo of a l-iwimmer. " What is that block mark/at the back of I his head?" said I. 1 > The man put his fingers to the hair of the prostrate form'; then hastily > whipped tbem away with an exclamation of consternation | and horror; The^y were covered with blood. :"Good God!" said bo; •" He is dead look you, sir, bis skull has-been beaten in. Who can have done this thing ?" Ho sprang erect from bis stooping posture to gaze wildly around, but the landscape stretched bare and plum to view in the moon light on ovcry luuid. Hero was a tragical object to light suddenly upon in the midst of fhtK - A 1.J this peaceful nigbt scene. A man with his skull crushed by some fierce and brutal blow. # But then, the amazing mystery of tlio thing ; who could have delivered the deadly stroke ? Tho man with whom I was talking, and who was so thunderstruck by the shocking discovery ? No. I would swear to it thut he was innocent. I had had the two of them in view all the while since they ap peared, over the brow of the bill, save during 2-i 1 _V!.L T J ® the brief interval iu which I removed i eyes to gaze up at that shooting star, and it was impossible that the one should have com mitted an onslaught upon the other without attracting my notice. I was puzzled to death by the startling, dreadful affair; so sudden, so wholly inexplicable. I rolled the poor fellow over on to his side to look at his face ; but there was no need to more than glance at the hideously contorted features to be assured that he was Rtone dead. His companion seemed completely bewildered by the terrible business, and stood stupidly watching me as I surveyed tho corpse. \- ••'.Here is another man approaching," he exclaimed, and looking up I perceived a tall figure coming along from the direction of the Gup. Ho came towards us, and when he was near enough for me to distinguish hira, I per ceived that he was a coastguardsraan.V " Any thing wrong hero, gentlemen ?" said he, pausing and leaning upon the stout stick ho carried. „ " Why, yes," answered the stranger, "a dreadful thing lias happened. I was .walk ing with that poor gentleman lying there, when he stooped to tie up tho laco of bis boot. I sauntered on a few steps, and then looked to sec whether ho was following, but found he had vanished. This gentleman then came up, and we discovered the body lying; jnst as you now see it."- V; • The coastguard looked at me, and I nodded m a 'corroborative • sort, of-way. :Ho then went and examined the corpse, and picked up the poor fellow's hat, which'lay at "a little distance away. - . . - - • . "It's been a mighty hard knock as did this job," said he, thrusting his fist through the crown, which had been cut nearly out. " What could it have been done with ?" His eye instinctively sought tbe sticks wo carried; both of them happened to be light canes, and no more capable of dealiug such a death blow as bad here been delivered than of fellinganox. ' "What is to bo done?" I asked.; "We cannot remain standing here all night." • The coastguardsman reflected for a moment, and then said, " Are either of you gcntlemou going to Rarasgatc ?" "Iam," I answered. Then perhaps you'-ll call in at the police statiou, report what .has happened,- and ask them to send along and fetch the body ?" I'll stop hero to keep watch over it, and show them wliero it lies." " I will do so," said I, and was just about to niovc off when tbe stranger said, " If you will allow mo I'll accompany^ you. • After what bus occurred-to my poor friend I feel too much shaken to coutiuue iny walk alone to Broads lairs." "Pray come," said I, and the two of us set oat together, leaving the coastguordsman standing sentinel over the ghastly object. We entered tbe town just as the uhuroh clocks wore striking1 the hour of nine. An inspector was sleepily poring over a news i paper by the light of a lamp as we walked into the police-station: he looked up, then ' pulled off liia glasses, laid aside the paper, j and adjusted himself to hearken to what we had to say. 3Ir. Miller—that was tho name of tho gentleman—told his story in a concise, straightforward way. ' Tho inspector listened with his mouth slightly open, and occasion ally jotted down a note on a sheet of blue foolscap that he produced from a drawer. . I then ndded my own testimony, which was merely a confirmation of all that Mr. Miller had said. When wo had made an end the inspector touched a little electric bell by bis side. A constable entered, to whom ho gave certain instructions. "Now, gentlemen," said he, "I shall want your'names and addresses. There will be an inquest, probably to-morrow, and you will bo called as witnesses." Ho took down such information as he required, and wo then, quitted tho. station. As we stepped out into tho street, I saw four policemen bearing u stretcher, with them, emergo from tho yard and march away. I accompanied Mr. Miller to tho door of the hotel at which he was going to pass the night, for ho lived at Broadstairs, but said that ho would remain in Ramsgate for tho ebroner'B inquiry on the morrow; and there I loft him and returned to my rooms, ponder ing deeply over tho mysterious and extraor dinary affair. j On tho. folio wing morning a constablo iu I mufti called at tho house whereat I was lodging, and 'served mo with a. notice to attend at tho Town Hall at twelve o'oloek that day, when tho inquest upon the body of tho deceased gentleman would bo held. I looked in at the police-station after breakfast to ascertaiu whether any. discovery had .been made likely to solve tho mystery, but the inspector could give mo no news. He said that all they could tell was. that it was evidently a case of murder, but by what hand committed was a problem yet to. be. solved. At the appointed hour I repaired to the Town Hall, where I found Mr. Miller and the coaatguardsman. Ajuryhadbeenempanelled, and tho coroner, a hustling llttlo roan in spectacles, proceeded to open the inquiry. Mr. Miller was the first witness to be ex amined. He related how he had been walk ing with his friend, Mr. Godfry Fenton, near Hnmptou Gap; how ho had stepped aside for one brief moment, and how wheu he (Mr. Miller) again looked, the unhappy man lay a lifeless corpse. I theu gave my evidence, the particulars of which you are already acquainted with. Next tho coastguardsman was called upon to tell his story. He was in the midst of narrating what he knew about the strango affair when a knock fell upon the door, and the police inspector entered tho apartment. "Beg pardon for interrupting, sir," he said, respectfully, to tho coroner, "but one of our men who was sent to thoroughly examine the spot in search of any weapon has just returned, bringing this with him, which is tho only discovery he has made. He found it in the identical place where the poor gent was struck down," As he spoke he placed upon the table what looked like a heavy brownish stone, abont six inches long, shaped bko a cucumber, and with a rough surface, resembling a honeycomb. Tho coroner picked it up. examined it, weighed it thoughtully in tho'palm of his hand, and then said: " Such a missile might undoubtedly have caused the death of tho deceased. But its mere discovery still leaves us as much in the dark as ever, in the face of tho witnesses* evidence; for, even supposing it 60 to be the weapon which killed Mr. Fenton, the question still remains who throw it?" I cannot tell how it came to mo, but at that moment au idea liko an inspiration ontered ray. mind. Tho strange shape and appearance of' tho stone, tho sudden memory of that bright shooting star right overhead— I stepped forward: and said,; " Would you permit me to inspect that stone for a moment, The coroner passed it to ihe with a gla of surprise.". I took it and exurained .it for a moment, vrifch; conviction over instant.grow ing in me. ... VI believe I have discovered tlie solution to this extraordinary problem,'' said I,-laying tbe missile upon •the baize-covered, table. V It seems scarcely credible, and yet IThave no doubt it is true. Gentlemen, that stone there Is ah aerolite: one of those strange meteoric bodies which arc constantly dropping to the earth out of the heavens. I myself saw a large shooting star, burst immediately above us at the very instant that Mr. Fenton must Iiuvo been struck dead, and there is no doubt at all, I think, that this is what lolled him." A little murmur of wonder went round among the men, and tho stone was picked iip and passed from hand to hund, with m exclamations, of acquiescence iu my vi My.words seemed to have impressed them all —the suggestion explained overytliing; the stone was undoubtedly a meteorolitc, and its discovery upon the very spot whore the poor fellow was killed seemed conclusive. The coroner then addressed the juiy. He said that, in his own mind, he felt no doubt it was just as the witness surmised. Every circnm stance of the mysterious caso pointed to the probability of this explanation being the correct one. Never during tho whole course of his experience had he met with an affair of so strange a nature. And, in conclusion, he felt that he should be discharging his duty by asking them to return a verdict to the effect that Mr. Godfry Fentou met his death by tbe. fall of a meteorolite. The jury accordingly returned a verdict to this effect. • " I went to two receptions .last night and lost my umbrella at the last." " It's a I wonder you didn't lose it at ths first'one.-' | 'That's whero I got it." • "And tho name is to be?" asked the suave minister, as ho approaolied the font with tho precious armful of fat and flounces. "Augustus Philip Ferdinand Cordinton Chesterfield Livingston Snooks." "Dear, dear!" (Turning to the sexton) "A little more water, Mr. Perkins, if you please.". The TTestmiiwler Gazette says that 2,396 of Spurgeon's sermons have been printed and sold, and that tbe sum total of the sale reaches nearly 100,090,000, an average of about 35,000 copies per sermou. - Of each of certain discourses more than 250,000 havo been sold. Four-fifths of the supply have been sold in the United Kingdom; the re mainder have gone to America and Australia. 