A LEG.' NDOF OHEMIA: f S ir MONA CAIRD, ." Lather *f 'The Winas of Ar.L",' "L Marriage a Failure?" "Whom Nature b lesdsth, &c.; &La..; \- . a ,ALL toarrs Rzsxanvn. In the middle ages Bohemia was " wild 16 tm ot mdontaine and foreste, where no one dared to venture out of him hoesor beyond the walls'of his town without carrying arms. In the heart 'if this romantic country b nestled the quiet old town of Eger, S the seene of Walledsteih's" rebellion and of his treacherous murder. The at Egerland is now a wide stretch of 5t fertileo'plain encircled by a line of blue mountains, a little retired world, o ihere, even to this day; the customs 'e I" ancestors dating far back into istory continue to regulate the k lives of the simple inhabitants. The e1 iro?s ?of the peasant farmers are all ti ihlit' on one immemorial pattern ; t their inmates wear the same style of A garmenta, unvarying even to ah button; they sleep in gaily-painted d four-post bedsteads, carefully cur- a i~ined round; and quaff vast pots- c tions of" beer- out of 'b"g tin or earthenware flagons. -The Eger- t ln'ders stahd" apart' from their f sieighbours as absolutely as if miles o of sea 'girded their little territory a instead of a circlet of hills. Once t inside this line of enohantment, the triavller finds himself half con htrained to take life on medireval I terms, so potent is the old-world c atmosphere, so strange the charm of thid'quaint superstitions and child- i ike'I worship of the people. Worn out with the worry and toil a of :conducting a, large business, I I found mayself, one sunny September, z in "the- heart of this- quaint' little t land, and I 'blessed, in an illogical t fashion'- pardonable' in my ex- c hansted. state-the railway . which had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam-engines were still I unretamt qf. .. For: seven happy weeks I was a t Blohemiah at heart, a devout Catholic, a worshipp?r of lean saints. Manya I day'" as?'I came "to a little lonely. -abhrine by the side of t some path across the fields, I- have gon'" down on my'knees, and I wokihipped-I knew not what-the e sweet virginiin her blue robe edged with gold, holding the haloed infant in ier arms. 1 came to love that sild-faced lady, andto wish that I' could .carry her home with me to pray to when,the foreign mails came inland-but, alas I my delicate god does grew pale at that thought, and I .rememnbered that she belonged to the land, of Yesterday, and would fade and die if she were transported. t;Yithe glsaring world that Fate had I cho;rn for my 'dwelling-place. "I had one favourite shrine, wlhich eto.nt at the foot of a hill- crowned ;,:byes, 1"hsPh urehwhoosr .'aro age -s 'l;trh e-lnoe in' lo :go plaof zinc.or" copper paonted ril couldhbe seen for miles aacross thes plain{ My shrine! was presided over by a bright blue virgin, "whose cerulean eyes' bad b'ree tinted with' the . "same painnt ;that stained her robe, slightly' diluted. On' thd shrine' 'grateful pilgrims lhad - hiing up 'numarols quaint thank-offerings, for hanving been preserved ' from illness or accident. At the feetof my Lady of Azure, when I approached on one lovely afternioon, knelt a maiden, with'head bent in prayer. I had the .impulse togo up and kneel beside her. .It is impossible to describe the sense of happiness "that I felt as I joined an worsthip walt thias eautitulr one mi?tl girl It seemed ' to me that then,'_if never before 'or after, my 'prayer must be granted. My fellow worshipper was the" daughter of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors of the' Egerland ;.' her handsome `cloth- dress, with its . heavy clasps of antiquhe silver- heirlooms centuries old-and" the strange head gear of black stuf irevealed'her station. She was 'large of frame, 'with :regular' features; black ' eyes,4 :and a'ine carriage of the head. How I- blessed the perseverance, with which I had devoted myself to the SSlavonic languages I ' It was not difficult to draw the girl into con versation. She was frank and trustful, if a little shy. This child ,of the Middle Ages' fascinated me as much as did her wild, spell-bound "little country. It seemed to me that, ,.I an old dream of mine. was realised, :and,that I had been permitted to 'step out of my own noisy century, and to meet and speak with the :generations of the past. I ?O,,ar hrine,my beautifulcompanion :- told me, had been 'raised on this spot five centuries ago by an ancestor of h. e.r own, Ba?en Zwaptolik, one of thegreatBohemian nobles,in thanks-, :givng 'or the rescue of his only :drighter from the murderous assault e'a- rihbber chieftain, whose power La 1b'id was -at that time infesting theidsstrict' Th WCt girl was sitting, rosary in I ha" ,'? t the foot of the' shrine; I "bsZ? stretched myself by the hedge-i side, int- arlious ease. The sun was hot, tlla b~Ik I bbthilrg; I sank into a strange -lethargic state, as if my body e~Y'hi~b ~i rwhiles'my imaginua tion bec~same"'ijn'ormally vivid. My companion was relating to me the story thikt had been handed down among the owners of the soil from ihet'b tiibfed limes the thirteenth and Sfourteedthkcehturies; but such was not' precisely my impression. I seemed to be transported backwards, across the great plain of time, and gently. landed in the midst of a uromane of the Middle Age. The scene had scarcely changed; it was still the beautiful Egerland. Eger lay at the end of a four-mile avenue of siatelypoplars, v-ith its castloend gabledhouses in the distance; the church stood above me on the hill top, but there was now only a rougB track 'up to the village, and tbe whole country seemed like a vayst forest-it-was, in-fact,a-part of the t great Heroynian forest--with a few E farms and scattered hamlets, and : here andlthere a church. By some 0 magi of place and time, I had a become a spectator, though not an c actor in the drama. This power of knowing all, without the ability to tl act, made me feel at times as if I t, were suffering from a terrible night- c, mare. I do not think that I was n able to raise my head or to open my ti eyes--I seemed to be under a spell a similar to that which the wicked b Count in the story held over the b beautiful daughter of old Baron o Swaptolik, whose vast castle used to a' stand, surrounded by dense forests * scarcely a mile from the shrine. n Drahomira, dark of hair and swift aI of foot, with her brilliant brown ti eyes and rich complexion, was one al of the wealthiest heiresses in the f' kingdom. and her hand had been eagerly sought by the sons of P the neighbouiing nobles, not only 'for her beauty, but for her riches. 1 Among these aspirants was one who w had long loved her with faithful g devotion, in spite of the cold and ai scornful treatment which either coquetry or aversion appeared-to in spire in her. The only'consolation of the young Count Vladislav was the fact that Drahomira behaved.to her other suitors in exactly the same c manner. She had no wish to leave the home where she was'idolired by herindulgent old father, who since v her mother's death had lavished all his affections upon' their only child. " If I married, it would be :all f gain for my lord and all loss for me," she used to'say with her'brilliant smile; " I pray you, good- knight, pay your court to 'some unhappy maiden, who, in becoming your wife, may reach' something better than her present state, since she l cannot achieve a worse l" Vladislav would watch the self willed lady moving among the bril liant company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at a distance. the most persistent of aspirants. - This firmness of character made her subsequent' conduct 'appear all the more incomprehensible to me.- an astounded snectatort panting to interfere and to ' set crooked things straight. i The first -hint. of this cbaige of I demeanour occurred about the time I of a very'strange event whichcreated a stir throughout all Bohemia: One I of the daughters of a great seigneur had, on the very eve of herowedding, disappeared" from her home, and I though search had been made farI and wide, no trace of her couldb'e found. The .expectant bridegroom t had also vanished. I heard the I people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. . " A jealous , and disappointed =auitotamust .haves aeried' her. off," said'one. -. I "An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keep ing them' prisoners,' another sug gested, and .so on ran the surmises. Drahomira, usually so bold and fear less, was white to the lips, and' she started if anyone spoke suddenly 'to" her. . "Beloved and gracious lady," said Vladislav, " fear nothing: No evil shall befall you' whilst I am 'by your side. Had I but the right to be always yourprotector,what unspeak able joy would.be mine." At these words, to everybody's dismay, Dra homira swooned. " When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the, great window, and a' look of terror came into them which' startled everyone. I followed her gaze and saw-yes, Iam certain that I saw, for leiu than a:second, the face of a man with dark hair and eyes, staringatraight into the room. The next instant the face had gone, and only the surging forest was to be seen from the deep-set win Sdow.. fHow I longed to be able' to relate' what . I .had witnessed, but I wasl tongue-tied moving "among these knights and I dam?s like a ghost, helpless and un noticed. Drahomira was as full of life as usual that evening. To me her gaietyseemed wild and feverish, but then I knew what no one else knew in that company. Vladislav 1 looked gloomy. The Baron's daughter avoided him, and he thought that she made' herself needlessly agree able to a jarkanapes in a crimson doublet, who followed her every where. To Vladislav's secret joy, the knight had already arunrk deep of'. the wine that was provided for all comers in the great hall While his rival was thus putting " an enemy into his mouth," Vladislav ! remained sober and watchful. The t tipsy knight came swaggering into the midst of the ladies, snatched Drahomira round the waist with a noisy laugh, and proposed a moon light ramble ini the forest. Several I strong hands were laid on.his arm, I and he was led back to the banquet s ing hall, where he continued to o toast his mistress in the flowing bhowl till he rolled off his seat, still trolling out serenades and drinking s ongs from the safe level of the Ie floor. i Vladislav rejoices to see several r other knights depart discomforted d that evening when the hours of n revelry at length drew to an end, i and the few guests who lived near ,, rode away in compaiies large enough d to resist the bands of marauders that a haunted these outlying parts of the 'o great Itercyniirn forest. The rest s who were sulliciently sober went sr off to their rooms in the cas.tle. se 'ladislav wnas too perturbed to slep. Id lie sat looking out upon the moonlit Is scene, thinking of Drabomira. What II had caused her sudiden terror: Would h, sheb eer return his devrtion ? • ' Itoly Virgin Ilnd his thoughts st f?ashioned a semblance of her out of the mists and the dim moonlight F He saw her crossing the open space before the castle, and with her a man in a dark cloak. CountVladiasla swore a great oath, and then he made off in pursuit. He could see the two figures, though not their faces, as they stood together in the forest; but he was careful to conceal himself, that he might not give the man an oppor tunity to escape. lie must know which of Drahomira's suitors had been able to persuade her to this breach of decorum. Could it be he of the red doublet? bMad with rage and jealousy, Vladislav's feelings were not soothed when he saw the man throw his arms round the girl and bieak into a thousand protesta tions. Yet 'Vladislav dared not approach; Drahomira would never forgive him if he played the spy I She broke away from her com panlon; the lover Decame contrite, kneeling at her 'feet. Then his pleading was recommenced, under which Drabhomira seemed to be giving " way, . though struggling against the man's influence, as if in terror. She tried several times to escape, hut he thrice succeeded in re6alling her. He appeared to have -xtrarcted same promise, and then she left him at a run. Vladislav inter cepted her as she fled .back' towards the castle. \- "Have you neon keeping tryst with the devil, fair lady ?" Drahomira gave a scream, and sank hack against a tree.. " I think I hIave I"- she answered wildly. ".What do you meani ? Who is this fellow P ". Vladislav demanded in great excitement. ! "Don't ask me; I: dare not tell you-I,, must obey him-Vlad;eiav, save me." Before. the astonished lover could reply the girl had fled past him, and he saw her no more that night.' liHer words thrilled him with hope and fear. On the following day, the castle was set'in'a ferment by the news that another great heiress. had disap peared from her home. The event filled everyone, from the Baron to the' stable boy, with the utmost con sternation. Drahomira avoided all attempts on the' part of her lover to speak to her about the incident of the :previous 'night; she appeared to have entirely forgotten it and her wild appeal-for help;.. .. SYVladisla determined 'to' watch her 'closely, and inberfere boldly should any more .interviews. take place ini the forest. But he watched in vain ; a week passed without anything remarkable, happening. The advent of a young horseman, the son of a Polish noble, and his immediate'admission to the castle as guest, had in it nothing noteworthy, for it was the custom for. travellers to receive hospitality from the great ! houses as they passed through this wild ond robber-haunted country. ~s hoamira hadof ten-been called upon i to elodimn 'sch"'i transient gue?te; but I shall never forget the look on her face when her father iresented to her the new comer. I Her eyes were full of terror as she returned' his low salute. Alas! I 'alone, impotent ghost, knew the ?cause of that terror. She recognised the face that had gazed at. her that night through the window. ! 