7 $jte and dfommenta. BR ROYAL BLEND. THE IOBB suffered by Victoria on her railways last year was £667,000. It is not surprising the authorities considered it time to try a change in the management of them. THEBE was an accident to a sheep train running between Toowoomba and Bris bane. One of the vans somehow got off the line and toppled over, with the result that 22 sheep escaped the human butcher. AN unofficial letter from the Bureau I of Animal Industry at Washington received in ! Uueensiand staieB that no dip has yet been I found efficacious in killing all ticks without | injuring the cattle. THE weather at Menzies, W.A., is described as scorching hot during the day, while the nights are bitterly cold. People say that the cola will be dreadful during the next few months. A GYMPIE paper recently mentioned the departure from there of seven residents for-no, not Coolgardie, but South Africa. These included an ex-mine manager, two or three engine drivers, and the remainder ex perienced miners. THE cattle dip sent to Jericho by the Stock Depattment is 8ft. long (excluding approach and exit), 4ft. deep ana 4ft. wide. The top of the iron is turned inwards so as to prevent the oil from splashing over the sides, and it is feared the horns of the cattle will come in contact with it. The dip weighs 2Scwt., and cost about £40. THE land boom has struck Winton, and " St. Virgin's Estate, in the vicinity of the railway terminus," is advertised for sale at an early date. It would be a good thing for owners if such another sale as occurred at Longreach, when that place was first opened, eventuated; but that was a record sale which is unlikely to again happen in the west. DUBING service one morning a clergyman was referring to riding bicycles on a Sunday. He said:-" While I contend that a man should not neglect hisduty towards the church for the pleasure of bicycle riding, I would be strongly inclined to grant bim abso lution if he took advantage of the fine Sundays to go riding, provided he attended church on baa Sundays." AN old resident of Millthorpe, named Mrs. Catherine Dean, who died a fort night or so ago, left ten children, 108 grand children, and 25 great grandchildren. And yet there are people who want immigration resumed ! Given a few families like this in' each colony, and there would be no lack of population in a few years' time. THE traffic in cattle on the Northern railway still keeps veiy heavy. Trains have been running night and day to meet the de mand, and the orders booked are in excess of any previous period. In addition to the cattle required for the Ross Biver and Alligator Creek works, negotiations were recently in progress for the trucking of 10,000 head from Hughenden to the Held Biver, intended for the Bowen Meat works. THE secretary of the Fitzroy Sailing Club is a very enthusiastic "waterman." Concluding his annual report to the club mem bers the other night, he patriotically remarked: -" Gentlemen, to the younger men amongst us I would like to sav that we belong to the nation which justly calls herself Mistress of the Seas. It not infrequently happens that one of her sons, who rises to a position of rank and honor, can trace his career back to the time when, as a mere boy, he began maritime pur suits in, perhaps, a canvas dingy." 'Ear, 'ear ! A CUBIOUB coincidence is noted by a Boma paper. It says that there was admit ted to the local hospital a lad named Donald Herchell, aged between three or four years, with a btoken thigh, the result of a blow from a limb of a falling tree at Mitchell. The little fellow was taken to Boma by train. The coincidence in the case is a most peculiar one. The boy's father met with a very similar accident, which resulted in his death, at pre cisely the same hour, on the same day twelve j months ago. WE boast of an immense number of sheep which ream over the vast plains of Aus tralia. But the average Australian native has little idea of the enormous extent of animal life in Great Britain. We know how limited is the aiea of the home country. We know «1M how dense is the population of this limited area, and yet the latest official returns reveal the fact that there were in the United Kingdom 32,000.000 ihtep, 10,000,000 cattle, 2,600,000 bones, and 4,000,000 pigs, the total estimated value of which was at least £250,000,000. THE number of children being trained in the Roman Catholic institutions of New South Wales is 37,000. IF any information is wanted abont the working of Divisional Boards, application should be made to Mr. Hardacre, although that gentleman does not seem to hold a very high opinion of these useful institutions. Be recently said his experience of Divisional Boards in the country was that they were practically non-existent. They were gener ally run by the clerk, who managed to collect enough rates to pay his own salary and employ two or three men on the roads. A DECENT St. George paper stated that Mr. Lomax, of Wirran station, had pur chased 142 rams at the late Sydney sales bred by the Hon. Jas. Gibson, Belle View, Tasmania. These rams, together with 106 of the same high class rams bought two years ago, were to be mated to 1200 Coombodello ewes purchased from Messrs. Moses Bros, last January for £6000 cash, which ewes have now lambs at foot. The rams purchased are by President, Paradox 2nd, Marvel, Wander, Golden Horn 2nd, and other famous sires. A COOKTOWN newspaper waxes elo quent as well as sarcastic over the fact that Senior-constable Lawrence had been appointed honorory inspector of hides, and expresses its indignation in these words This is the way the Government has of rewarding an efficient officer. In addition to doing the work of a sergeant for a senior constable's pay-under £12 a month-Lawrence has now to smell, handle, and certify to the state of hides in tended for shipment, meroly for the " honor of the thing." After this, we can expect any thing-even Sub-inspector Lamond being ap pointed Government nightman " for the honor of the thing." CAIBNS bas been jubilating over the birth of the first full-caste Chinese boy there; at least, the Chinese portion (a pretty exten sive one) have been. Mrs. Lee Yan arrived at Cairns about a year ago. Five hundred Chinese attended a banquet in honor of the event, as did also seventeen leading Europeans. The festivities were most orderly. Over £300 was sent in by the Chinese to provide the feast and as gifts to the child. Note the "seventeen leading Europeans" rejoicing with the rest because the Chinese in the colony had been increased by one, and then tell us how it can be unanimously declared the " Chinese must go" when the sympathies of Europeans in the North are so manifestly with " John." While proposing a toast at Mary borough, when present at the show, Lord Lamington said be wished to sympathise with the' farmers in -the-trembles ihcy had- gone through. He trusted that this colony would have still more properous times, and become the foremost of the Australian colonies. He had understood the senior member for the town to say that there was a need for the Gov ernment to rive assistance to the agricultural industry. He doubted that. He believed that better results would be achieved if they relied more on their own energies and enterprise, and worked out their own salvation. He could not believe that agriculture could be in such a bad condition in this colony as to require State assistance. THE Indian prince, Rangitsinghi, whose name we have so often seen in the cricketing scores against the Australians, is thus described in an exchangeThe Indian prince is an undersized, gimcrack-built strip ling. A plate of curry with two bright, black beads stuck in, and a dozen large, clean grains of rice on the lower edge, fairly represents Ids dark, puffy face. A most brilliant bat, and a far greater favorite than " W.G." His marvel lous eye and double-jointed wrists make up for want of physique, and his pluck is never " out" when called on. In the field as active on his legs as a strychnine-dosed cat, he works with astonishing enthusiasm, and only English prejudice can keep him out of the All England team. IT is rather sad reading the account of the sudden death of the Hon. J. D. Macansh, M.L.C., of Canning Downs, while attending a meeting at Warwick of the Glengallan D?vi sional Board. While the clerk was reading the inspector's reports Mr. Macansh was per using the report of the improvement committee for No. 3 subdivision, of which he was a mem ber. Suddenly, and without any warning, lie threw back his head as though in a faint and took one or two short breaths. The occurrence was noticed by the members, and medical aid was immediately called. Restoratives were applied, but without avail, death resulting in a few minutes. Those in the room could not realise what had happened, and the business of the Board was not resumed. "When Dr. Jameson and his officers met with their reverse in the Transvaal and were arrested, public feeling arose to such fever heat that there was an inclination to make a hero of the man, and in the highest society there was much sympathy expressed for him and considerable hero-worsnip indulged in. But lately the worshippers have suffered a reverse of feeling and knocked their idol from off his high pedestal, and it is said the doctor has been effectually dropped by the London fashionables. An English paper, To-Day, says " Jameson is now utterly dis credited and recognised as a rash fool, whose conduct involved ruin all around." Which is decidedly rough in the face of the great fuss that was made over him at first. A GREAT believer in railways for making a countiy prosperous, and everybody in it well-to-do and contented, is Mr. George phillips, late member for Carpentaria. He recently Baid: " Let every facility be given for the laving down of rails, heavy rails, medium rails, and light rails, on roads, or off roads, anywhere, eveiywhere, and almost anyhow. Remove all artificial and arbitrary restrictions on the laying down of rails, and the country is bound to go ahead, as fast as nature will permit." It is a pity Mr. Phillips is not still in the House, ana holding the portfolio of Minister for Railways. Blackall might not only have got its branch railway, but the whole colony become so traversed with iron roads that a railway map of Queensland would look like as if it was covered with rab bit-proof netting laid flat; at least, almost so. An extraordinary story has reached Adelaide through a source which cannot be doubted, in relation to a parcel of gold from West Australia which was forwarded to the Melbourne Mint The pared weighed WOoz., and on being assayed by the Mint authorities its value was returned at 2s. an or. The value of the parcel was £40. The value of die same quantity of pure mid would have been £1600, or £4 per oz. The assay showed'that the actual quantity of gold contained in the parcel averaged half a dwt per ox., IOoe. altogether. The remainder of the (OOoz. block was all iron. The story has an eloquent significance as Illustrating how, In some instances, at all events, yields from West Australian mines are magnified by interested parties to suit their own ends. A LITE issue of the Queensland War Cry contained an illustration (ahem!) in which several ehadowv figures are holding something which the ghost-like outlines show to be the tools of a brass band. The-er picture is labelled " Barcaldine Corps Band," which was fortunate, as otherwise it might have been taken for the ghosts of the Artesian band. By the way, the descriptive matter says the Artesians used to play for the devil. As the bandsmen used to play for the public the public ought to feel highly complimented at being called " the devil." AT a committee meeting of the Towers Jockey Club, during the discussion upon the accounts passed for payment, one member thought £137 was much too high for printing and advertising considering that Townsville managed with £50 under this head. It was pointed out that race books brought in £88 towards the printing bill. The secre tary stated that totalisatar tickets cost £56, and race books over £20; it was a bigger meeting than that of Townsville, and there were 91,000 tote tickets printed. It was also pointed out that while the Townsville Club gave away £840, Charters Towers handed orer £2000 to the lucky winners. It was mentioned at the meeting that £207 12s. 6d. was owing to the Club for entries and acceptances; those failing to pay up were promised a place in the forfeit list-not quite so pleasant a position as a place in a race. A SUM of £5000 has been placed upon the estimates for the coming year for the purpose of sinking artesian bores, with a view to encouraging settlement. But a wonderful lot of good in this direction a paltry £5000 would do; another 0 at least should have been added. Why, £4000 was the amount wanted by the Aramac Divisional Board to sink one bore at Longreach. Queensland is very fond of dealing with sprats with the hope of catch ing whales; but somehow the whales won't be caught and even the sprats turn bad. The colony did catch a whale at one time in the shape of a big loan, but it did more harm than good, and perhaps Queensland is afraid to handle anything more on a large scale. Boring for water is now a long way past the experi mental stage, and when it is decided to assist settlement by providing artesian water in dry localities, a dozen wells at least ought to tie authorised. £5000 would not pay for tliem. THE committee of the Charleville Hospital have for some months past been in a little difficulty with regard to a consumptive patient, and tlie matter only ended by the poor fellow succumbing to the complaint. At the monthly committee meeting, held on the lltli July last, a letter was read from the patient requesting to be allowed to remain in the hos pital during the winter owing to his suffering from an incurable chest complaint. The man anired in Charleville from Melbourne in a destitute condifckffirfcaving neither friends nor money at his command. The "CGfiKB&tee; were loth to turn the sufferer away, a step wfiicfr would undoubtedly hasten liis death, but de tided that the matter be referred to the Colonial Secretary, soliciting monetary help in the case, and stating that the patient was not in a con dition to be near the coast So far as the local paper knew no reply had been received from Brisbane. A VISITOB to the town of Menzies, in W.A., was recently describing the hospital there. It is rather an extensive institution, with four large tents, and all brimming over with patients. " It is dreadful," writes the visitor, " to see the poor patients brought in every day. All sorts of men are brought in on old drays, stretchers, &c;_, from miles distant. A young English gentleman came in in an awful condition. The poor boy had been ill for ten days when they started out for the hospital, and his camp was over 100 miles away. When he got here he could hardly be found in the dray for dust." When I was young and good and attended Sunday School with mast commendable regularity (when my best girl went, or I didn't want to go for a swim), I was taught, and fully believed, that " a certain jilace" was situated under out feet. As this was in England, the antipodes to Aus tralia, the teachers were quite right; but now we are in Australia the " certain place" is not under our feet, it is situated in W. Australia. THE New Zealand Government has hit upon what looks like a great scheme for preventing poverty in old age. The Bill in troduced provides an old-age pension for evenrone aged 65 and upwards wno has lived in the colony more than 20 yean, amounting to not less than 5s. or more than 10s. a week, having regard to the claimant's means of sup port. The pensions are to be paid in weekly instalments and to be inalienable. The fund for providing tho pensions will be raised either by a primage duty on imports, or a wages tax on salaries between 30s. a week and £300 a year, being the limit of the income tax ex emption, or a reduction in the income tax ex emption, or a graduated land and income tax, or an increase in the graduated land and in come tax, or an increase in the death duties. The money is to be raised by one or more of these means. The cost of administration and any deficiency are to come out of the con solidated fund. THE late English mail brought full tidings of the terrible collapse of " our boys" in the first M.C.C. match in June. The then unfortunate Australians experienced not only a bad time at the wickets, but were afterwards roasted by many Press writers. Some of the London newspapers came out with extraordin ary headings, exulting over the remarkable failure of the Australians. The London Morn ing Leader, of Friday, June 12th, was utterly unable to five expression to its bursting feel ing of elation within one column. It came out with a double- column heading in large block type, as follows:-" 18-Eighteen-18. Five wickets for 0, Five wickets for 0, Five wickets for 0. Weep for Australia! Weep for Aus tralia !! Weep for Australia!! I Five cheers for Pougher, four for Hearne, and three for England and W.G." If the Leader does not lose its head entirely over last week's test match, it will require a page at least to give sufficient prominence and play to its tremend ous feeling of jubilation. Nov the winter is over, and snakes commencing to wake up, the snake yarn, as usual, is beginning to appear; but the chroni clers have not yet got their hands in properly, therefore the following is the best specimen that can be produced, and comes from Nor mantonThe manager of Pomerania station, in that district, purchased a beer bottle of boiled oil from a local store, and when he un corked the bottle was rather surprised to find a young snake measuring 1ft Sin. squirming around In the oil. I don't know whether this sort of adulteration comes under the operation of the Foods and Drugs Act, but anyhow the bottle was speedily emptied of the oil and snake and bottle taken back to town. The bottle, which had only been filled that morn ing, had been lying uncorked in the yard, and while there the reptile must have crawled iato it, Its presence not being easily detected, as the bottle was black. After this, publicans would do well to be careful when bottling beer, as the presenoe of a snake in an inebriated man's glass of beer might well make him think he bad "got'em." THE manufacture of flour and meal from the sweet potato is a new industry likely to be developed in New South Walts. The flour is perfectly white, resembling arrowroot, while the meal is a little coarse. Both, it is believed, will eventually become valuable articles of commerce. The flour is prepared in the same way as arrowroot, while the meal is made by slicing the vegetable into layers, then j drying in the sun, And afterwards grinding in a corncracker. Assuming the value at Id. per lb., the average return would represent £80 per acre. This is another hint for western land owners. The sweet potato in these parts sometimes grows to such a size that the weight of one is something under B61bs., and a strong man could lift it. THE latest sensation in connection with the tick plague is that a carpet snake, 16ft. long, which was shot by a constable at Euranda, was found to be literally covered with true cattle ticks. I wonder how the authorities are going to keep the snakes within the quarantine bounds ? Not much use dip ping cattle, and plastering horses with grease, before crossing the somethingorother parallel, when snakes and such are at perfect liberty to go where they like and carry as many ticks as choose to hang to tliein. How would it do to employ an army of blacks to catch the snakes and either dip or smear them P What's that ? The snakes might as well be killed at once ? Well, so- they-might. I would like to know whether the snake shot by the oon stable was crossing the boundary and refused to allow itself to be arrested for showing con tempt of the regulations made and provided. It has been said that all precautions against the spread of ticks would fail when everything walking on the earth and flying in tns air assisted in carrying the pest all over the country. AN owner of cattle in the neighbor* hood of Mackay was recently viBiting Towns ville and district, and upon his return was waited upon by a newspaper man desiring information about the beastly (no pun in tended) tick. The information he supplied, in condensed form, runs as follows:-" I spent three whole days in Townsville, and never drank a drop of fresh milk. All the milk in the principal hotels came in a condensed form from the South." Such a statement naturally dairy farmers had suffered " In a thirty mile drive out from Townsville I passed three dairy farmers' places. The owners had not been in a small way, but had substantial holdings, and fairly large herds of cattle, one owning 800 to 900 head. Each of these places was deserted, and the owner of one had let his place for grazing purposes and taken a billet out West." " Is the pest largely diffused or only confined to localities along the stock routes and road f" " It seems very general. In fact I may say that during a thirty mile drive I saw very few live cattle, except those coming down into Townsville to be put through the digesters, but I saw a great many dead. In one mob there i&J-twenty-eight; carcases." THE Johnatone Kkar-GQrfespondent of the Towers Blister says that lit" meeting of the Farmers Association, the only point of importance discussed was what rate per acre the farmers would tax themselves this year in order to raise funds for the de struction of beetles. The expenditure last year was £208, and the number of beetles de stroyed 406,4S7. After considerable discussion it was resolved that a levy of 6d. per acre be made, which would bring the fund up to £400, which sum will enable the committee, to pay for a million beetles. The feeling among the farmers seemed to be pretty general that it is only throwing money away, aB owing to the large quantity of scrub land surrounding the cane fields the beetles have a safe and secure breeding ground, and the small quantity caught ana destroyed will have little or no effect. The farmers in that district have too large a contract on hand when they undertake to exterminate the beetles, and without Gov ernment aid in some form or another they will not succeed. If it were not for the grubs every farmer on the river would be able to make a comfortable living. What the tick is to the cattle men, and the marsupial or rabbit to the squatter, the grub is to the fanner, and that is a blank dash plague. ANECDOTES concerning cricketers are being resurrected by the bushel now the Australian eleven in England occupies so much attention. I cannot refrain from re-producing the one concerning Turner and Shrewsbury. The first match in which these champions met ended in Shrewsbury retiring on each occasion with an "egg" to his credit, or a "pair of spectacles" for the whole match. An admirer of Turner BOOB after presented Shrewsbury with a pair of spectacles on which were en graved the words-" Presented to Arthur Shrewsbury on the occasion of his being bowled by Turner without scoring in a three-days' match." When the return match came round Shrewsbury was asked by Briggs, who was also playing in the match, if he should take him a cup of tea at 5 o'clock, and the batsman answered " Oh yes. You'll find me at the wickets." On taking it Briggs laughingly in quired if he should come again the following day, and again Shrewsbury said " Yes." At 5 o'clock on the second day the previous scene was enacted. Once more the question was put by the amused Briggs; a third time it re ceived the same answer. A third time the scorer kept good bis faith, eventually returning to the dressing room with a good round total of 300 not out to his name. Remembering his former treatment he good humoredly secured the ball, and had a plate affixed thereon with the words-" Presented to Turner on the occa sion of his failing to bowl Shrewsbury in three days." SOME business men know the value of advertising and freely use printers' ink, while others ao not, ana if they do advertise, look upon the expenditure as so much wasted cash used to support a local newspaper, for which they receive no return, and it is quite useless to point out to them the immense for tunes made by patent medicine proprietors, for instance, solely through persistent and liberal advertising. The knowing advertiser seizes every chance to produce a striking an nouncement. In an exchange a storekeeper advertises that he has secured a certain remedy for the tick plague which is supplied for nothing. Upon reading further I find the remedy is to pay cash in his store instead of having goods booked. That is a sample of the way to advertise. On the other hand there is a certain western township having a news paper, and in this journal some ofthe hotels were advertised constantly. There arrived a time, however, when these hotels bad to be rebuilt, and when this was undertaken the advertisements were withdrawn and have not appeared since. This is a penny wise and pound foolish way of doing business. It con veys an impression that so much money was spent in decorations, paint and varnish that the owner* could not afford to advertise any more; also, that they oould not, therefore,; afford to sell such good grog, ko., as formerly, while considerable cheeseparing and strict eoonomy would be exercised over the tables and accommodation. I do not sarthat nub is the case, only that some travellers would think that if the screw was put on in one direction it would be in another. Tbe public ate quick in jumping to conclusions. led to a question as to the extent 