FOREIGN. KING MENELIK OF ABYSSINIA. THE MAN WHO THRASHED THE ITALIANS. A Frenchman, M. Vanderhej'm. who recently spent 18 months in Abyssinia at the Court of the Emperor Menelik, has just published an extremely interesting account of his experiences, from whichit is possible to gather what sort of man the antagonist of the Italians is. Whdt seems to have impressed M. Vanderheym most about the Negus is his energy. He is up and about at earliest daybreak, and is never happy unless occupied. His red umbrella a**.- ~i~ ? 4- ,'« nxmv*T A ivofif inn At. rmA mnmpnt hp is: personally directing the execution of some public work, undertaken probably on the advice of one of his European assistants ; at another inspecting the workshops in which the silver-mounted shields which he distributes as presents are being made ; and again superintending the repairs of his park of artillery. Menelik has, as the Italians discovered, a large number of field guns, and his soldiers are armed with modern rifles ; but M. Vanderheym was not impressed by the condition of the army, which is organized on feudal lines. Indeed, the whole account given by M. Yanderheym of Meneiik's Court is strongly reminiscent of feudal times in Europe, though the personal element of Meneiik's immense activity plays an important part in the picture. , , ? The fact has been noted that in the retribution which has overtaken the Italians in Africa, the Abyasinians were armed with guns taken from the Papal troops in 1870. There is a still more interest in°- coincidence. The date of King Meneiik's pro clamation to his countrymen is the 20th September —the verv day an organized insult was being offered by Crispi'to the Pope. The Voce della Verita, of the 10th of March, gives a few sentences of the pro clamation. In it King Menelik accuses the Italians of being enemies of the Faith and of the Virgin Mary ! ANOTHER DESCRIPTION. The Prussian correspondent of the London Daily News telegraphs :— M.~ Morelli, who has thoroughly explored the Harrar, Shoa, and Gallas countries, has been giving me his impressions of Menelik, mnrr . nv NToirnR of Shoa. He knows him well. thinks him able and unscrupulous, and likely to make the country he rules over the Prussia of East Africa. Menelik is always buying rifles, and has been for the past twelve years. He asks Europeans whom he receives to be seated on armchairs kept on purpose for them. He swears by Gonghis Guetai and Mikael Guetai, or St. George and St. Michael, the patrons of Shoa, is afraid of ghosts and of the evil eye, and stands in awe of monks and hermits. The Kin« wears a broad-rimmed Panama hat, or a white felt hat of the same shape. Beneath it is a light stuff bound round the head, and tied in a bow behind. His over garment is a wide mantle of black silk, shaped like the Arab boumous. Menelik used to be yery fond of watches and other time pieces. Their mechanism interested him, but he cares less for them now. All habitations are on hi»h hills. His seat of justice is under a wide spreading tree on the hill top at Ankoboer, The Royal Guebi is on the top of a small plateau, from which h,e can see a great distance, Clbs? to ltjs $ church dedicated to Miriam. The position is regarded as impregnable. Menelik has been a good deal on his mettle because he is not the lawful heir. His grandfather gave unlawfully the birthright to a younger son, Meneiik's father, and the sanction of the Church was under reserve. Johannes, however, supports Menelik. An important personage in the Royal Guebi is Gabriel Gobano, who is a native of the country, but was sold as a slave at Cairo. A pashit adopted him, and had him educated at that city and Jerusalem, where he became a wonderful linguist, and got into relation with influential members of the Russian clergy, with whom he keeps up a cor respondence. He speaks Russian, German, Italian, French, English, and Arabic, and is Meneiik's in terpreter, and often his secretary. He ran away from the pasha, and reverted to Abyssinian Chris tianity. Menelik has unbounded confidence in this man's judgment. The Queen was not favourable to him until he married in church her first dresser, who is also her .confidential maid. Menelik is a devoted husband. 