CATHOLIC. ? -&, ? THE CARDINAL, AT TOBXEC BLESSING THE ADDITIONS TO ST. MARY'S CHURCH. AN ADDRESS ON THE TEACHING OP THE CHURCH. THE ERRORS OP COLONIAL CRITICS EXPQ8B1). The blessing of the additions to St. Mary's Church by the Cardinal- Archbishop oil Sunday last ,may be justly described as the most successful Catholic ceremony that has ever taken place in North Sydney. There Was a great gathering-, and apart from the lively and generous patotlilal interest aroused by the 'celebrati'o'jS his Eminence made the event an important bne in the broad public sense by deliver ing an address which our readers, who have the address before them in full, will doubtless regard as tilfi 0,1'nvvn n n c\ pnrYiniofinn *-»£ ?*-!?» ^ nnlAM^.M „„— :_„ commencing from his Eminence's lecture on ' The Reunion of Christendom.' The Cardinal, who was accompanied from the cathedral by the Very Rev. Dr. O'llarun, drove to North Sydney and arrived at St. Mary's Church grounds at half-past three, father 3 oseph Brennan, Cardinal At 'the presbytery, Avhe.re the vesting for the .ceremony took place. The members of the A.K.C. Guild and the Hibernian Society, in regalia, were drawn up as a guard of honour from the presbytery to the church, and through the two green lines his Eminence passed with the assisting clergy to the church. The Guildmen were officered by Mr. T. J. M'Cabe (Warden- General), Mr. Morris sey (Secretary-General), Mr. H. D. Williams (Buraaf'- General), Mr. J. Angles (local Warden), Mh A. Ebert (Bursar), and Mr. J. C. Byrne (secretary) ; while the Hibernians were under Mr. H. Gateley (local President), Mr. M. J. O'Connor (Vice-president), Mr. G. Wall (Treasurer), Mr. M. Devereaux (Warden), and Mr. T. M'Carthy (Guardian). The assisting clergy were the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J. (Rector Riyerview College), Very Rev. C. Nulty, S.J. (President St. Aloysius' College), Very Rev. A. Sturzo, S.J. (the Novitiate); Rev. J. Brennan, S.J., Rev. Father O'Connell, S.J., Rev. Father Gaftlan, S.J., Rev. Father Buckeridge, S.J., Rev. Father O'Brien, S.J.. the Rev. Father Carroll, S.J., and the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran. The Blessed Sacrament having been removed, a public meeting was hold in the church after the uiusbmg ceremony, me uarcunal- Archbishop pre sided, and among those present, besides the clergy, were Mr. G. Barry (Mayor of North Sydney), Mr. Frank Punch (ex-Mayor), the Hon. Thomas Dalton, K.C.S.G., M.L.C., Dr. John Dono van, Q.C.) K.C.S.G., Mr. W. Wardell (architect), Mr,F. Clarke, M.P., Mr. II. Wardell, Mr. Synnott, Mr. Dier, Mr. J. Crowley, Dr. Sheldon, Dr. Rorke, Mr. J. F. Hayes, Mr. J. V. Casey, Mr. George Bryant, Mr. Moore, Mr. Hepburn, Mr. F. S. Macdermott, Mr. Lenehan. Mr. M. F. Cullen, Mr. J. Earle, Mr. Butler, Mr. M'Kye, Mr. Hudson, Mr. D. J., Glacken, Mr. L. M'Dcnnell, Mr. A. Bock, Mr. J. Baily, Mr. M. Hogan, and Mr. J. Coonan. THE CARDINAL'S ADDRESS. His Eminence said :— I have great pleasure in coming amongst you this afternoon to dedicate this sanctuary portion of what will one day be a very beautiful parochial church. I congratulate the Jesuit Fathers who have the charge of this district on the good work thus accomplished, and I con» gratulate them the more as to-day's Feast is one memorable in their religious Order. To-day's Feast marks the beginning of their Society, and it was to-day they entered on that grand Apostolate, which for 300 years has been fruitful of manifold blessings to the Church and to the world. (Ap plause.) Every country which they have evan gelized has partaken of those spiritual blessings, and I am confident that their zealous labours here and in other parts of Australia are a sure presage and augury that those same blessings in no small measure shall be conferred upon ourselves. (Ap plause.) I wish to-day to speak to you of some of the first principles of the Catholic Faith, which it is well to hold in mind amid the din and confusion or the religious novelties which are justly con sidered one of the great scourges of the world in these latter days. (Hear, hear.) The great truth which underlies the whole teaching of the Catholic Church is the Divinity of Our Blessed Lord. This grand Doctrine is the foundation of our belief and the anchor of our hope ; it is at the same time the I focus and radiating point of all our creed, and the source and centre of all those blessings which are our _ me, our joy, our consolation here, or are destined to be our heavenly heritage hereafter. The Eternal Word made man fashioned to Himself a spiritual kingdom which He called His Church. It was to be a new creation upon earth, the work of His right hand, the masterpiece of His wisdom, having for its purpose to preserve and proclaim His truths to the world till the end of time, and to be the depository of His heavenly blessings for mankind. The Incarnation of the Eternal Word was not to be a mere passing phase of God's merci ful dealings with man. Addressing the Apostles, Our Saviour said : 'I am the wav. the truth, nnd the life (St. John xiv., C), and He added the emphatic teaching : 'No one cometh to the Father [ save through Me.' These Divine words, which are the compendium of all heavenly wisdom, unceas ingly resound through Holy Church, and they shall continue to be verified till the end of time, even as the Apostle proclaimed of old, ' Christ yesterday and to-day, the same evermore.' He is the Way and hence it is only by following His guidance, and 'J1 ''uunsuue i,u jLiiB commanus, tuat we come to the Father. He is the Truth ; He imparts the light of heaven and the lessons of Divine wisdom to us, and wo must embrace His teaching. He is the Life the very source of all our spiritual vigour and strength and life, through whom are abundantly given all the means we stand in need of to attain our heavenly destiny. In the Imitation of Christ uy xnumua u jvempis we nna a beautiful para phrase of these sweet words of Our Blessed Lord : 'I am the Way which thou must follow; the Truth which thou must believe; the Life which thou '^^ ., ?pe for- I am the Way inviolable, the Truth infallible, and the Life that has no end. I am the straightest Way ; the sovereign Truth ; the true, blessed, and uncreated Life. If thou abide in My Way thou shalt know the Truth, and the Truth shall deliver thee, and thou shalt attain to life everlasting.' Our Saviour, however, was not to remain, on earth for evermore os the visible teacher of His Church. The spiritual kingdom which He founded would be Hio representative in the world. He chose a few humble fishermen, whom He associated to Himself as partakers of the Divine ministry. He instructed them in the lessons of sacred wisdom. He ap pointed them the spiritual rulers of His Kingdom, and as the charter of their mission He pronounced the solemn words : ' As the Father hath sent me so I send you ;' 'He who hears you, hears me;' ' Go ye and teach all nations, and behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the AvorM.' The Redeemer's work was to be brought ho mo to all mankind, and applied to the needs of the whole fallen human race. The nations of the earth were to be the inheritance of the Church, the Kingdom of Christ was to embrace every race and every tongue, and to extend from sea to sea. The rulers of the world will continue, as before, to mark the limits of the territories over which they rule, but the Church knows no such fences of her spiri tual authority, and the scattered empires and states and commonwealths are all called to be one in the brotherhood of Christ, and to be partakers of the blessings of his spiritual Kingdom. (Applause.) The Church has been faithful to her mission, and amid the vicissitudes of nineteen cgnturids she has never ceased to mould humanity and to guide the progress of society for good; and whatever there is of nobility, of grandeur, of morality, of religion at the present time may be duly acclaimed as the fruit of the Catholic Church. (Applause.) The Apostles were to be scattered over the world to impart to all nations the lessons of their Divine Master. To pre serve the bond of unity amongst them and their successors till the end of time, He chose one from among them, St. Peter, and constituted him Chief Pastor of the lambs and the sheep, that is to say, the A'isible head of the mystic Body, and the chief autho ritative ruler on earth of God's spiritual kingdom. Such was the Church as constituted by Our Blessed Lord, and such it shall continue to the end of time. It is no more within its province to change the organization given to it by the Redeemer than it is in the power of the material body to alter the func tions of its heart or head. The Kingdom of God thus constituted shall never fail. No matter what powers of evil may assail it, their efforts shall be in vain. 'The gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' To the Church the Redeemer consigned as a sacred deposit His own Divine truth. The Holy Spirit would abide in the Church to preserve inviolate throughout all time the teachings of His Avisdom. ' I Avill ask the Father (are his words to the dis ciples), and He will send the Holy Ghost, thn Paraclete, to teach you all truth, and to abide with you for ever.' The heavenly light of that sacred teaching or Our Saviour shall never cease to shine forth from Holy Church upon mankind. As the Bride of Christ, the Church shall ever be arrayed in the comeliness of truth. As the mystical Body of Christ, it cannot by apostacy be 'separated from Him. _ As the pillar and ground of truth, it Cannot proclaim falsehood or become subservient to the cause of error. 'It is needless,' writes the great St. Irenceus in the second century, ' to seek the truth among others which it is easy to obtain from the Church ; for the Apostles most fully consigned to her, as into a rich depository, all things that appertain to truth, so that every man, Avhosoever Avill, may receive from her the waters of life.' You are not to suppose that the Church rejects the oacrea scripture. On the contrary, the Bible forms part of the deposit of Divine truth consigned to Holy Church, as an authentic and inspired record of God's mercies, and as an impregnable bul wark of the faith. From the earliest centuries eAren to our own day the various heresies that arise have not hesitated to fritter away portions of the sacred text and to interpret the inspired books according to each one's fancy or individual caprice. Hence it is that by St. Irenaous, to Avhom I have just re lerred, those heretics are styled ' thieves and robbers,' and are justly accused of corrupting the teachings of Divine truth. But the Church has ever been the Avatchful guardian of the Scriptures and their authentic interpreter, unfolding to the faithful the lessons of heavenly Avisdotn whinh thp. Spirit of God desires to convey through them. Nothing can be more Divine than the Holy Sacra ments and Sacrifice Avhich are the inalienable heritage of the Church, and Avhich are directed to impart to us the life and strength, the comforting graces and blessings which avo heed during our heavenAvard journey. They are the foun tains of Divine mercy, open alike to all. The same spiritual Avealth awaits in them, alike, the poorest as the most exalted of the land. The prince and the scholar will find there all the light and special help of which they stand in need ; the uninstructed and the lowliest of the flock may in like manner enrich themselves Avith the trea sures of God. The Sacraments are the ordinary wiiiimcio iui i;umiuuiui;iiiiii£ {jiactj mm parUOU ailQ spiritual sustenance to the soul, all these being blessings of Our Saviour's love. Through His ordi nance it is that an ocean of mercy is prepared in them for all His children, and the abundance of its blessings is imparted as fully as our capacity to re ceive them will allow according to the mpasnrp nf our faith and love and humble confidence in Him. The Sacrifice of the Mass commemorates the Incar nation and Death and Resurrection of Our Blessed Lord, and perpetuates upon our altars the all atoning Holocaust of Calvary. It is the most solemn act of religion, the great and Divinely-instituted form of public in-aver and common AvorshiD. and through it the words o'f the Prophet are fulfilled—' From the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, a pure oblation is offered up to the Most High, and great is My name among the nations, saith the Lord of Hosts.' All the faithful are united in one religious Brotherhood, all being members of the same mystic Body of Christ, partakers of the same DiA'ine blessings, and heirs of the same heavenly heritage. We mutually assist each other by our prayers and good works. Death does not seArer the bonds of this spiritual Brotherhood. By the communion of Saints we continue to be associated in sacred felloAVship with those avIio have gone before us bearing the seal of the Faith. We plead for them that they may be pardoned and freed from the debts they have' in curred, that they may be admitted to partake of the joys of the elect in eternal blessedness. On the other hand, the Angels and Saints, all the choirs of the Blessed, Avith the Mother of Our Lord, the Queen of all the heavenly choirs, plead for us for mercy before God, and their prayers as a fragrant incense ascend before the throne* of the Lamb. Such in brief outline is the teaching- of the Catholic Church, in the all-merciful designs of God fulfilling the words of the Redeemer : ' 1 am the Way, the Truth, and the Life ; no one- cometh to the Father, save through Me.' What does the I voice of history attest regarding the Church ? j Some writers Avho seek to explain by natural causes [ the wonderful spread of the Gospel in the early ages, the fulfilment of the prophetic words ' their 1 sound hath gone forth unto all the earth, and their ! words unto the ends of the Avorld' (ps. 18, 5), assign as its cause the zeal of the first Christians in propagating the Faith, the doom and judgment denounced against those who Avould not believe, the belief in miracles, the austere morality of the faithful, and the marvellous spirit of union that pervaded their ranks. Noav, it is most true that all these A'arious motiAres contributed their share to pro duce the grand results* but, then, how are we to ex plain that zeal and austere morality^ thnt belief in the coming judgment, that unity o'f the Church, and those miracles, except by the Divine Spirit Which abided in the Church, and by the Divine powef which guarded and sustained it. They are so many fruits of the tree of life in Holy Church. Men vainly imagine nowadays that they may continue to look for those fruits Avhilst they cut down the Divine tree Avhich alone can produce them. The miracles which accompanied the preaching of the Apostles were not a mere matter of fancy. They Avere the seal of Heaven on the Divine ministry. The Redeemer had promised to His disciples this gift of miracles. The Acts of the Apostles relates the fulfilment of his promise. The Evangelist of St. Mark also ends his Gospel Avith the attes tation that the Apostles, ' going forth, preached everywhere, the Lord working withal ana conurmlng tne Avora Avitli signs tuat followed. So also the Epistle to the Hebrews — ' God also bearing them witnegsj both with signs and Avonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to His own will '' (2. 4)- The preachers of the Gospel furthermore appealed to the fulfilment of the prophecies of the Old Law, and, above all, they announced the ever-abiding miracle, the life of our Blessed Lord, His preaching, death, and resurrection. ' If Christ be not risen from the dead,' cries out the Apostle, ' our religion is but an empty dream.' The heroic constancy of the martyrs Avho shed their blood for the faith may truly be said to have conquered the pagan Avorld. As Tertullian Avrites : ' The blood of the Martyrs was the seed of Christians.' But how explain their heroism and constancy, except by the courage and strength and consolation imparted by Our Blessed Lord. We read in the 'Ecclesiastical History ofHusebhis' that the slaA'e Blandina, when condemned to the Avild beasto, cried out that she cared nothing for suffering,- 'because of her 'com munion Avith Christ.' Thus the rriarfrjrs overcame the Avorld, and in their triumph fulfilled the Redeemer's prophecy, ' This is the victory which conquereth the Avorld, your faith.' Another declared that 'nothing is painful Avhere is the glory of Christ,' and Ave read of countless others Avho invoked the Redeemer as their helper, and Avhose constancy amid unheard-of torments filled the very persecutors with confusion and astonish ment. It is a singular fact Avhich prominently stands tortli in tho pages or history that eA'ery attempt made to destroy the Church has only served to bring into bolder belief some feature of her heavenly mission. No human strength could have sustained her during the ten persecutions in which pagan Rome put forth all the resiatlesa power of the empire to encompass her destruction. The close of these persecutions saw the Christian Faith not oArercome, but trimphant over the pagan Avorld. Every form of error from age to age has sought to corrupt the teaching of the Church, or to entangle one or another of her ^doctrines. Every such attempt has had the invariable result to set in uieaiei uguu tat; jjivme cuaruULcr 01 me iruins Avhich were assailed. At times it would seem as if the flood of moral corruption Avould overspread the world, and submerge the very sanctuary itself. It Avas precisely at such moments that new bulwarks of morality Avere raised up by heaven, and the greatest Saints were given to the Church, and the abiding spirit of sanctity pro flimp.d the*. riniipsf -frnifc ( A rmlniicp \ TTriw are Ave to explain this constant triumph of the Church, despite eArery assailant that the Avorld could marshal against her, this perennial fruitfulnesa of truth and virtue, this unceasing victory of weak ness over strength ? There is but one explanation that can be given, and it is attested alike by tha voice of history and by the Avitness of Sacred Writ. Our Saviour is ever present in His Church, and, by His decree, so long as time shall last, His Divine words shall be fulfilled through the ministry of the Church : 'I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life no one cometh to the Father, save through Me. 4 At the present day it is through calumny and mis representation that the Church and her heaA'enly mission and her Divine teaching are assailed. But »u uiio ^uii uiii^j iiruu. lu uuu suiuc: iccmib, hj ouu iiex manifold privileges and prerogatives in a clearer light. (Applause.) One of the favourite misre presentations in Avhich the assailants of the Church indulge is to the effect that the Pope can make and alter as he pleases the Faith and the Creed of Roman Catholics. Noav, to a Catholic it is difficult to conceiA'e any supposition more absurd than this. The Pope, as Vicar of Christ, is the Divinely-constituted guardian of the sacred deposit of Faith, but he can neither alter nor add to it. It is his office to guard, teach, and define the truths confided to the Church by Our Blessed Lord. He may set the seal of the sanctuary on the doctrines ; of Faith, but these are the pure gold handed down ; from the Apostles in the unbroken succession of ' pastors to our own day. (Applause.) Thus the uromise of Christ is fulfilled. '1 will send theHolv Ghost to teach you all truth, and to abide with you for eArer.' We have just now an instance of the fallacy that arises from this misrepresentation as to the Pope's power to Avhich I have referred. Many Anglicans have imagined that the Pope had only to say a word to make their Anglican Orders valid, and they regard it as an ungracious act that he proceeded to declare those orders null and invalid. Our Anglican friends, hoAvever, should haAre borne in mind that the Pope can only de clare that to be true Avhich is in reality conform able to truth. If the Anglican Orders were from the first an heretical innovation devised in a spirit of hostility to the Church, and invalid, there was no alternative for the Pope Avhen giving his decision but to declare them to be inA'alid. It is his mission to confirm his brethren in the truth, and to lead the flock of Christ to the salutary pastures: 'I have asked for thee that thy faith shall not fail ; do thou confirm thy brethren.' The Church thus guided and guarded by Peter cannot err — 'the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' There is another fallacy, too, Avhich we hear repeated from time to time in the Protestant pulpits and the Pro testant press. We. cannot be sure, they say, but JJ any day some absurd doctrine may be defined by / 1 the Pope as an article of Faith. The -wise philoso !| phers of pagan Rome must have reasoned in like \ manner. How do we know, they may have said, 1 what absurdity these fishermen of. Galilee may one | day propound for our belief? But there is the pro : mise of the Redeemer : ' I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world.' This Protestant fallacy reminds me of the perplexity of I | the poor simpleton who, when the sun was setting, ] { went about repeating in great anxiety, what shall we do if the sun. will not rise on to-morrow. People laughed at his anxious folly, because the physical L ! laws which guide the world are a sufficient guaran ' K i tee that the sun will in due course rise on the mor | ' row. With far greater security the Catholic smiles K, ' undisturbed at the fallacy which disturbs our f_ Anglican friends, for he knows that sooner shall I 3 heaven and earth pass away than that the Redeemer ? ' shall cease to abide in His Church, and His Divine 1 words ever find an echo in the faithful heart, ' I am the Way, the Truth and the Life; no one coraeth to the Father save through me.' There is another tenet which those who assail the ' Catholic Church in Australia take a special plea Bure in misrepresenting at the present time. I refer to Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin. And yet there can be no plea or pretext of uncertainty or ambiguity in regard to this devotion. The defi nitions of the Church in regard to it are so plain Ithat they who run may read, and the child that lisps the Catechism may tell you as accurately as the most professed theologian what the teaching of the Church is. Our fellow-citizens are told even from the pulpit of Protestant sectaries that we ; adore the Blessed Virgin and make her equal to ) God, although the Church a thousand times has ) repudiated such a tenet as erroneous and blas ;? phemous. We offer Supreme adoration to God ; alone. But we give due honour to the Blessed Virgin on account of the special graces which she received from God, and we offer our prayers to her ¥ that she may plead our cause at the throne of her I Divine Son. On this head I may call attention to I one singular misrepresentation of Catholic doctrine which a dignitary of the Anglican Church in Aus tralia presented to his credulous friends some few weeks ago. The Protestant Bishop of Goulburn, in \ a letter to the public press, declared that Catholics believe in a real presence of the Blessed Virgin in ; the Holy Sacrament of the Eucharist, and he cited the words of a certain Oswald as of an approved Catholic writer affirming such a presence. Now, so far is this tenet from forming part of Catholic Doc trine that it is expressly condemned and repudiated by the Church. Some Greek heretics appear to i have broached it in former times, but the Church can no more be held responsible for their follies ,, than for the vagaries of sceptics and heretics in our I own day. (Applause.) More than a century ago ? the great Pontiff Benedict the Fourteenth declared \ such a doctrine to be repugnant to the teaching of ! the Church, and he further added that it had been i officially branded by the authorities in Rome as I 'erroneous, dangerous, and scandalous.' Oswald, | to whom the Protestant Bishop of Goulburn refers, I adopted indeed this tenet, but it is quite in keep Iing with the usual misrepresentation of everything Catholic to cite him as an approved writer of the Catholic Church. His work in which this tenet ?was broached was condemned and placed upon the Index forty years ago, and the author him self very laudably retracted this condemned doctrine. It is true that in this the Protestant Bishop of Goulburn merely repeats statements made many years ago by Dr. Puse)r, and other Anglican assail ants or the Church. But what may have been pardonable many years ago can. scarcely be re garded as pardonable at the present, day, for the doctrine thus misrepresented has in the meantime been illustrated and set in the' clearest light by Morris, and Ward, and Newman, and a thousand other Catholic writers. (Applause.) In 'all this, however, it should be .a consolation to us to know that it is only by misrepresentation and calumny the teaching of the Catholic Church can be as sailed. In this, too, she is .made like to her Divine Master, and thus the attacks so incessantly made against the Church only serve to Ibring into bolder relief the great truth .that, through her ministry and her doctrine and her sacramental graces, the Redeemer's words are every day ful filled: 'lam the Way, the Truth, and the Life, no : 5 one cometh to the Father, save through Me.' (Ap 1 plause.) \ In conclusion, the Cardinal said — I would wish [ A to speak at more length on these important and [,fl beautiful subjects, but, as I know Father Brennan I 1 has some practical work planned for this afternoon lj (hear, hear), I must bring my remarks to a close. | § I cannot do so, however, without again congratu l |j lating you on your beautiful new sanctuary. It is v | an augury, if I may say so, that at some future day \- 2 a still larger and grander edifice will, arise— one 1 j worthy of this fine district, and worthy of a very \ * devoted and generous congregation. (Applause.) ' ; FATHER BRENNAN's STATEMENT. ' (| The Rev. J. Brennan, S.J., having thanked his fc Eminpnce, said his first duty now was to say, on * \ behalf of the parishioners, that they were air under KA a deep debt of gratitude to the distinguished \\\ ?- i architect, Mr. Wardell. (Applause.) Mr. War [ x- dell's name would be for ever connected with St. 1*3 Mary's Cathedral, and St. Patrick's, .in Melbourne, I j both of which magnificent structures were designed ' *i by him. (Applause.) But great and glorious as E ^ were the two cathedrals, he (Father Brennan) 3 believed that Mr. Wardell had not lavished more '^ personal attention on them than, he had done on !«| this St. Mary's in North Sydney. (Hear, hear.) I f Mr. Wardell's services in connection with this work l'| were honorary — (applause) — he had given his Ijj thought, and skill, and labour as a free gift to the 1 \ honour of God and of Our Blessed Lady, whose l | name the church bore. (Applause.) Not only that , ^ . — the beautiful window over the altar had been \\] erected by Mr. Wardell at his own expense. (Ap | plause.) And now, to come to the question of i finance. The sum of £1230 had come in from all i % sections of the Catholic community. Some sjene | j rous Catholics outside the district had contributed, 1 and some non-Catholics, too (hear, hear), and all had 1 given — men, women, and children — with the great est goodwill and cheerfulness. (Applause.) Not a i few who had given could claim a .personal interest I | in the church, having been baptized there. Of I | the ladies who had helped in the work since the I f additions were first proposed, he could not speak I 1 too highly. (Hear, hear.) They had rivalled the I I examples of generosity recorded in the Middle I Ages. They had not, perhaps, like the women of 1 old, taken off their chains of gold and their jewels I and placed them on the altar, but all, short of that, I thpy had done with willing hearts. (Applause.) If the ladies were called upon in the fashion of the Middle Ages, he was sure they would be quite as quick to respond. (Applause and laughter.) The collectors, too, had done their share nobly — (ap- plause) — they never seemed to tire. The amount spent on the work was £2100. It was a simple sum in arithmetic to find out how much was required that day. (Laughter.) All had come prepared to give something, he was sure, and he had no doubt, many would go away saying, ' I gave twice as much as I intended.' What they had done in the past was a guarantee of a generous response that day. (Ap plause.) dr. donovan's speech. Dr. Donovan said he would offer, in the first in stance, his congratulations to the Jesuit Fathers, and to the parishioners, on the completion of a work which the Church in the person of the Cardinal Archbishop had that day blessed. Coming there as a stranger, he expected to see— and he said it with bated breath — a village church. He must at once apologize. (Laughter.) What he did tee was a building which, under the design of Mr. Wardell, and lacking only the clerestory windows, had assumed the dimensions of a minor cathedral. (Applause) Formerly this district was called St. Leonards. But the people of St. Leonards were ambitious, and when they took into their heads thp matter of the bridge which was to connect them with other side of the harbour they dropped the old name and adopted the more imposing title of North Sydney. (Applause and laughter.) In doing this they had not exceeded their right, and later on they would drop the 'North' and retain the name of Sydney only. (Laughter.) If they did so they would simply be carrying out the idea of those who came to found the first settlement in Sydney Cove. Early historians have it recorded that it was decided to build Sydney on that side of the harbour. Owing to the accidental discovery of a stream of fresh water on the other side, the site of the proposed city was changed. If one looks for the city of Sydney, it is there, but if one looks for the stream some difficulty will be experienced in finding it. (Laugh ter.) He did not know whether to regard this change of the site of the city as a calamity or a blessing. If he were a resident of North Sydney, he would be inclined to look upon it as a happy deliverance. Nature did not intend that northern and most picturesque side of the harbour to be given over to the smoke and noise and turmoil of a busy city, with its monotonous rows of shops and stores and factories, all piled and packed together. Nature intended North Shore to be residential— a place of picturesque houses, shady lanes, and shel tered gardens. (Hear, hear.) Looking at the dimensions the North Sydney church had assumed, a short history of the mission Avould not be out of place on that occasion. From particulars, for Avhich he was indebted to Father Brennan, he learnt that the first permanently-resident priest was the Very Rev. Dr. Powell. Possibly, some of the old resi dents could recall the time when the priest cele brated Mass on that very spot in a canvas tent. Dean Kenny succeeded Father Powell, and built what is now the nave of the present church. (Ap plause.) Speaking of Dean Kenny, it was but just to his memory to say that to him and his generous gift of the house and grounds at North Sydney the Catholic residents were indebted for the presence in their midst of the good Sisters of St. Joseph. (Applause.) Eighteen years ago the Jesuit Fathers were placed in charge of the mission, then covering a much larger area than it does now — extending as it did then to the Hawkesbury River. What the Jesuit Fathers had done was well known to all pre sent. (Applause.) At the time they came there was but one church, one school, and one convent. Now, including school-churches, there were five or six churches, two convents, one of them, Monte Sarit Angelo, set like a gem in the very heart of the district, and with a reputation for teaching, both in the Primary and High schools, renowned through out the colony. (Applause.) They had in the North Sydney mission the Marist Brothers, with their excellent schools. Altogether, with Sisters and Brothers, they had IS religious teachers, and the average attendance of children in the schools was 700. (Applause.) In their district, too, they had on one of the finest sites along the Lane Cove River — an imposing building amidst beautiful scenery — St. Ignatius' College, conducted by the Jesuit Fathers — a college, the fame of which had extended all over Australasia. (Applause.) Then, again, they had on the Greenwich-road the 'Loj-ola' Novitiate of the Jesuits, founded in con nection with the Irish province, to which the Fathers here belong. This was the first, fully equipped novitiato of the Order established in Aus tralia. Not only had they these advantages, but they had also, if he, as a stranger from.Randwick, which had some pretensions tothepicturesque, might 6ay so, some of the most beautiful scenery in N. S. Wales. (Hear, hear.) The whole district was richly dowered by Nature, and in some places there was a suggestion of Fairyland. To the Catholic mind, in all the landscape the most beautiful spot, the spot most hallowed and most adorned, was that on which stood their church. (Applause.) Amidst all that is fair and beautiful in Nature, they had built their church, and there, far from the hum of the, busy world, they could kneel in peaceful still ness to commune -with God in theTabsrnacle. The building, as it now stood, might almost be called noble. (Hear, hear.) What should he say of their priests? It was their happy privilege to have ministering to their spiritual wants the Fathers of an Order illustrious and renowned throughout the Catholic Church for a period of 300 years. (Ap plause.) These Fathers were illustrious for their great services in every sphere of religious life. They were to be found now, as during so many long years, preaching, teaching, and in the missionary field (applause), and especially were they distinguished as instructors in the higher order of education. (Applause.) Now, as in the past, the Jesuits were known for their thoroughness, their zeal, and self sacrifice — indeed, the name of Jesuit was syno nomous with these test points of character in the service of the Church. (Applause.) But while congratulating all concerned on the work now com pleted, there was one thought they must keep before their minds — there was still a considerable debt. It may be that all the money required would not be obtained that day, but he looked to the liquidation at an early date of the last of the debt. (Applause.) Mr. Barry (Mayor of North. Sydney) moved, that ' a subscription-list be now opened.' It was to him an honour as well as a pleasure to take part in that celebration. Assembled as they were in the new sanctuary, and with their duty so clear before them, he would not detain them with any words. Dr. Donovan had said that he came there as a stranger. AVell, he would like to say th,at Pr. Donovan was mistaken, for he was as well-known there as in any part of the colony (applause), and they were all glad to have at this ceremony one whom they all regarded as one of their best and ablest and most generous Catholic citizens. (Ap plause.) Mr. Frank Punch said it would be cruelty to keep the people from handing in their money any longer, and his speech was, ' I second the motion with pleasure.' His Eminence, in putting the resolution, said he would depart from the usual form. Instead of putting the question, 'Those who are of that opinion will say aye,' he would say, 'Those who approve of this resolution will please pay.' (Laughter.) THE COLLECTION. The collection amounted to £3S0. The principal sums were : The Hon. T. Dalton, M.L.C., £100 ; Dr. Donovan, £15 ; Messrs. Butler and M'Kye, £10; Mr. Ernest Bridge, £10 ; Mr. J. P. Garvan, £5 ; Mr. F. Punch, £5; Captain O'Sullivan, £5 ; Mr. Frank Coffee, £5 ; Dr. Rorke, £5 ; the Jesuit Fathers, £5 ; the Misses O' Sullivan, £5 ; Mr. James Pow, £5; Mr. Hepburn, £5 ; Hon. R. E. O'Con nor, £3 ; Mr. W. W. Wardell, £2 ; Mr. John Coonan, £4 ; Mr. J. F. Hayes, £3 3s ; Mr. Crowley, £2; Mr. G. J. Barry, £2 2s; Mr. M. Hogan, £2; the Hibernian Society, £2 10s ; Miss Zahel, £2 10s ; Mrs. Hudson, £1 Is ; Dr. Sheldon, £1 ; Mr. George Bryant, £5. The Hon. T. Dalton moved a vote of thanks to the Cardinal for presiding, and for his magnificent address. THE CAIIDIXAL'S SUGGESTION. The Cardinal, in response, asked to be allowed to complete what a previous speaker had said with respect to the genealogy of North Sydney. (Laugh ter.) Only on the previous day a friend had given him the information. Father Thierry, it seemed, used to come to say Mass in a private house on 'the Shore,' and he (the Cardinal) believed that there were some still living who remembered these visits of the pioneer priest. (Applause.) Father Powell it was who built the calico church referred to by Dr. Donovan, and this good priest also erected the first wooden building. (Hear, hear.) Then the stone church was built, he believed, by Dean Kenny, (Applause.) He (the Cardinal) trusted that at no distant date one of the beautiful windows in the present church would be filled with an appropriate subject in stained glass to com memorate those two grand and zealous priests, Father Powell and Dean Kenny, who had laboured so long in that district. (Applause.) He was sure that when the debt now engaging the attention of the parishioners was cleared off, this tribute to the pioneer priests would be paid. There could not be an}' more fitting way of showing gratitude and re membrance than by erecting a memorial window. (Applause.) 