Answers to Corres pondents. It is not always possible to answer communications under this heading In the issue following receipt and sometimes several iBauea appear before we are able to do so.] !G.C.RC. (Q.).— Thanks for your cash. The cards have been sent. That was a howling success of a dinner, and I hope to be out that way again some day to renew your acquaintance. A.6.H. — Thanks for your cheque. ! We've send the cards, charged the ' Woolly Festival,' and put the rest to your credit as a subscriber, with a blessing on your head. C.H N.— Thanks for cash. We'll send Albrecht's ' Tanks and Dams ' as soon as ever it arrives. The station subscription does not expire till August 27, 1897. It takes an awful long time for a £1 subscription to expire. M.O.B. — Thanks for stamps. We're just as glad to get 2d ones as any other sort. All is fish that comes to our net, if we can buy bread with what we get. We've sent ' Alice Lorraine.' It's very pleasant to hear your remarks on seal-skin jackets and | astronomy. I sometimes feel awed » when I think about the people who have taken to read the 'Stock Journal.' It was primarily intended for stockowners, with whom I seem to have an affinity, but all sorts read it now, and I get scared. \ J.W.— Thanks for cash for 'Con- duct and Duty.' I wish some of you good folks would let me know what you think about the books we recom mend. Tastes differ, and I'd like to know how far yours and mine agree. M.E.M. — Thanks for your bob. We've sent that number, though I hardly think it was nice of you to talk to me like that. The influenza had nothing to do with ' Average Clips.' I don't think it was a good joke, but I've tried to look on it in that light. But you'll let me off this time. I'll try and not do it again. A.Y. — Thanks for your cheque. We've sent 'Holt's Compendium,' which seems to meet a want. I've heard a lot about it from men who've used it and it seems to fill the bill. We have still 10s to your credit. C.W. — We sent ' Mona Maclean ' all right on the 27th. Thanks for your cash and very kind remarks. It's letters like yours that keeps my heart up. When a man starts in to make a newspager out of a paper, like this used to be, he's got a hard row to hoe, though you mightn't think it. But I've met some of the finest people in my work that ever I came across in my life, and I keep my heart up. Some day, I expect, when the hurly burly is over, I'll sit down and write the struggles of recent days, and it will make interesting reading. You don't hear much about it now, but — oh, my word ! W.C.B.— We'll send you the 'Sun.' I like it. It's a real good paper, and your two quarters' subscription to it shows that you agree with me. We've sent 'While the Billy Boils,' the ' Thumb Ready Reckoner,' and four Christmas cards, and hope you'll get 'em all right, and good luck to you. A.G. — We insert the dates of shows free of charge. We want to have a list of all the shows in the country for the benefit of our xeaders, and we take it as a favour to have them sent along. Thanks. D.J. — Thanks for cash for three years' ' Woolly Festival.' It was worth waiting so long to get such a nice letter. Our ' Globe Trotter'g ' portrait is in the volume of ' Gossip ' that we issued last year, price Is 3d, post free. That sounds like an adver tisement; but it isn't— much. We won't be writing his history till he's dead, or done something awful, but it't nice to feel that you are interested in him. Thanks for your good wishes. H.F.— My friend, your letter looked as if it had seen a ghost and turned white. If we sold iak I'd make some remarks about it. You say you enclose 4 s in stamps, but the ghost must have scared the stamps out, for there were none enclosed. But we owe you about that much, anyway, so we're about square. You'll see that ' Myall ' has boen catching it pretty hot. The subject is a wide one though, and we want to give every man a fair hearing. C.K.E.— We'll let you know the results of the story competition, as far as we're concerned, next week, if possible. Our poor arbitrator is wrestling with them now, but it will be a bit late to send the ' culls ' elsewhere for Christmas. There must be a good many rejected, and I'm full of enthusiasm about the literary abilities of my compatriots. You wait till our paper is bigger, and we'll go in for native stories ! W M.R.— Thanks for the cutting. I believe it was taken from the columns of this paper. It is a charming item, and one I often, repeat, for I know it by heart. But I'm grateful to you for your kindly thought. It's an odd thing that I've got another item in MS. that was published in our paper a long time ago, ' A Scotchman's Diary.' So many more people read our paper now than used to do so; that I'm tempted to use some of the old stuff. It's good. Poetry. — My friend, your good wishes are welcome, but your hand writing is awful. I'm glad you wrote. I want everybody to write, and I've done my best to read the poetry. It's good, very good, bnt I didn't enjoy it as much as I would have done, if it hadn't been so hard to read. Bachelor. — You're a bold, bad man, and ' Narran ' ought to shoot you ! 