ffje Capiirotntan. SATURPAY, JULY 18. 1S90. THE AGEnTI-GESKBAL'S EEPOBT. Tlje annual report pf I he Acting Agent ?Geperal, Mr- C. g. Dicken, for 1S85, allows lliat Uie work of tl)e ufficp hqs L-teD entiielj qne of detajl. The report is signed liy Mr. Pickeii, Lut tie ira§ iu cli*rge of tl|e cilijce pnly froin the 1st of October. Sir JaiHes Garrick resigned ifi September lost and %Ir. Dictea was appointed from the first day of the folios iug muntli. It is a temporary appoiutmeot and so far nothing lias leaked oat as to t|ie inten tions of the Goveruipent nitli respect to the permanent appointment. It would be idle to speculate as to who may be appointed, or indeed as to wiictlter any change will be made- in t|ie neap future. Some years ago tlie Agen^Genpra! Ippud l|)s work cpufincd miUDfj to two rnattera, Ifce ffigulatjp^ pf the emigra tion then proceeding go rapidly, and tlie managic!; pf tl|e. )arge indents fup rail way and other material despatched by every steamer. NpB' all thaf is cliangej}. Emigration has fallen airay to a ghost of its former self und railway indepls are unknown. Jn 1S95 ibern were only }P0 ad*ult emigrants |eft fpr Queensland, equal to 100 soals. All of tliem were nominated, uliich is the only form of emigratioo ppw proiided far. Toe nationalities of jjio 106 were:— Irish, 53 ; English, 34 ; Germans, U ; Scots, 6. Tbe destinations n-ere: — Brisbane, 69 ; Cairns, 13 ; Towpsville and J?ui;dabe|g, 7 each; Maryborough, 5 ; tfackay, 3 ; and Dungeuess and IJockliaiiipiun, 1 each. As to indents, how meagre t^ey sere is seen at once in tl)e foc^ tljat Hie tptel value of all sliipinents made to the coloqy was jnst over £25,000. Mr. Dickpu looks for ward to tbe time when emigration to Queensland will be actively pushed agaio, and be thinks it nnfvise tiiat all tbe advertising and other means of bringing the colony before the public of tlie United Kingdom should be com pletely stopped. That means that a vast amouut of leeway will have to be made up when the Government resolve tfl resume immigration again. So be bos kept up a little advertising, apd by pro viding lantern slides and otlier apparatus for anyone trilling to lecture pn the colony has endeavonred to keep Queens bind as much as possible before the public. He thinks it would be well for farmers in the colony who bare been fairly successful to write to local papers in the places they came from on tlie advantages of Queensland, as thereby tlie agricultural population would be reached. Tiie agricultural depression in the Uuited Kingdom was in Mr. Dicken's opinion a great opportunity to secure small farmers, and he regrels he could not send a lecturer through the agricultural counties pointing to the opening in this colony which aw.iit men with a knowledge of farming. Bat ail this is little more than in cidental to the work of the oflk-e. The depression has left its mark deeply on tbe office of the Agent- General. ^ ow that the ctilony 'ttiust live on what it produces and not on what it borrows, it 1ms become of tiic tirst importance that the products of tiie colony should und the best market possible, and consequently tlie Agent General lias become little more than an officer of the Secretary for Agriculture. T!ir report is tilled with answers uliich have been sent to queries addressed to the Agent-General by the Department of Agriculture. Mr. Dicken, instead of complaining of this appears lo have entered into it heartily. He s:iys, ' I gladly welcsme correspondence on commercial matters, and am always ready to do everything that is possible to bring about an increase of the volume of ti-ade.' It would be impossible to touch on all the subjects Mr. Dicken mentions in this respect. He opens with the trade in live cattle, which he says has been rather unfortunate, mainly owing to the unsuitableness of the ships employed aud tiie fact that the men were new to { the business. This, however, should I not discourage those engaged in it, for I be quotes an official report which states that at the opening of (lie same trade between tlie United States and England aud Canada and England entire ship ments of cattle were sometimes lost. The horses which were sent over from Australia to tlie United Kingdom for fiale were landed at the wrong time of the year, they were undersized for the work, and were unbroken, all things n-hich should be avoided in future ship ments. All tbe authorities state that no horses under live years of age should be sent, and that the heavy draught horse would pay better than auy other. There were 39,000 horses im ported into England last year and t|ie Canadians have tbe lead in the trade. Of the frozen meat trade Hr. Dicken writes shortly, remarking that it is now so firmly established that it does not call for lengthy notice by him. He expresses the opinion that the cold storage now provided in London is ample, and that the system of whole sale distribution is excellent. As to the increase in the trade he mentions that tbe daily sales now aggregate almost as much as the total import in 1681. The great fall in the price of frozen mutton has bad serions results in Argentine, and if the down ward tendency were to proceed much farther the Argentine farmer would be squeezed completely out of tbe business. Mr. Dicken has been trying to gather information as to the probable openings for the sale of frozen meat on the Con tinent, but his replies had not come to hand at tlie date of die report. Mr. Dicken reports that tlie dealers in Xjeadenhall Market are satisfied that Queensland can send liner birds in ail classes of ppnltry than either Vic toria or New South Wales. He par ticularly mentions turkeys, goslings, and ducks. But Queensland is behind hand in tbe matter of packing. Inat tention to little details of their business seems to be a failing of the Queensland prodncer. For instance some wine was seut to Mr. Dicken to procure a report on, and one firm replied of the samples submitted to it, 'We feel bound to point out that Uiey are put up in tbe slovenly manner which characterises the English as compared with the French or German fashion of presenting goods, and the label especially is in execrable taste.' Honey which was sent for report was spoken of even more disrespectfully. One nrm wrote, *flf Australians want to make good prices they must seud honey suitable for table use, and not the usual character, which is disliked even for manufacturing par poses.' Two or three comparatively large shipments of honey were ' made, and they must have been very unsuit able, for tbe ? greatest difficulty was experienced in selling them. One lot was repeatedly put up during three months without obtaining a bid, but at last it uas disposed of privately. Another lot could not be sold at all. Mr. Dicken has made great efforts to tind a market for Queensland timbers. He prevailed on tbe Government to send him one or two shipments at its owu cost, and he in turn presented them to one or two of the London local authorities to use in street paving. Reports of the wear of the timber will be sent out later. In other openings which Mr. Dicken tried to rind for Queensland timber he was unsuccessful, the timber being unsuitable. Taking the report as a whole it shows that the work of tlie ^gent-Geueral has lieeu revolutionised in the last few years, and now that what is required for the office is not a diplomatist' or a financier, bat a thorough business man. 