. HOW DR. JAMESON WAS BETRAYED. "A Pack of Cowards." THE Cape Times, the leading paper of South Africa, writing under date ot January 4, has a scathing article directed against the uitlanders of Johannesburg, at whose door it lays the blame for the disastrous ending to Dr. Jameson's gallant attempt. The following are the most striking points in what is really it serious indictment: -There is a saying that one cannot make ,a »evolution with rosewater. Johannesburg 1*8 to be congratulated on an even moré luxurious tour de force. IÓ has made a revolution by proxy. "1 am one of those tame moralists," said one of the most eloquent of Irish rebels in a famous peroration, " who hold that liberty is not worth the spilling of one drop of blood." The revolutionists of the Band agree with Meagher. They have found that their emancipation from political servitude was quite well worth the cost of blood- other people's. For weeks past we have been edified by columns of eloquence npon the wrongs, intolerable to manhood, under which they smarted. Their ultimatum to the Government was declared to represent a charter of freedom for which 10,000 men were ready, if forced, to take op arms. With the irony of coincidence, it is to-day that a Times article is telegraphed declaring that while Mr. Leonard's manifesto asked for little more than the programme adopted by the National "Onion last year, there was this important difference, 11 that those who endorse the manifestoof 1895 will take the responsibility of enforcing it." In reality, it appears, the extent of the stern resolve of the citizen army of 10,000 was to invite a handful of other men to enforce it for them. We owe an apology to the Ktiiger Govern- ment and to its organs for refusing for a whole night and day to believe their statements of this plain and simple fact. We simply laughed away, as a fantastic fiction, the news that Johannesburg had sat inactive for 24 hours within earshot, aye, almost within eyeshot, of the stubborn struggle of a few hundred lads to push their way into town through two cr three thousand Boers ; that they bad refrained with a "calm restraint," perhaps unparalleled in the records of philosophy, from eo much as sending out a patrol of reconnoitre. Before this, when an armistice was suggested to them by tho Boer commandant, it does not seem to have occurred to them that aa armistice which excludes the only fighting part of your belli- gérants leaves something to be desired. So they made their armistice, saw the Boers massing at their convenience in Jameson's path, and-made speecbos. That was all the support " Dr. Jim" got from those " principal residents" who, as he wrote in his characteristic ' little scrawl to the Commandant of Marico, had invited him to "assist them in their demand for justice." Colonel Rhodes-Jameson, by the way, l^ke Mr. Cecil Bhodes, had a brother in the town -asked the furious crowd on Thursday evening whether they thought him a cur 1 Seasoned English officers who bear the Distinguished Ser- vice Order are generally deemed outside the range of such classification. But, taking the Band revolutionists in tho lump, we do not wonder that Dr. Jim cursed them for a pack of cowards, and tbat the sympathy of Cape colonists has been entirely transferred to the man who at least blundered mag- nificently, from these models of a most unmagnifioent "calm restraint." No doubt the verdict of people in Cape Town on the cowardice of com- batants in Johannesburg is open to obvious retort. 11 And those behind cried ' Forward,' and those before cried ' Ba?k !' " We may suppose, and certainly will suppose while we can, that there were reasons as yet un known to account for what looks Hke an act of desertion worse than of Gordon at Khartoum; for Gordon, after all, waa not just 15 miles from the' doors of the Ministry which " in- vited" him, with railway lines all the way. But while we tried desperately to Jook forward to satisfactory explana- tions, we cannot say we much like the taste of those so far volunteered. They had had "hopeful messages." One recalls Gordon's hopeful message from Khartoum : " Can hold out for ever," ¿cc. They "thought he was getting through all right." Why did they not send and have a look ? Why, the very women strolled along to meet bim. With that firing going on and on, one would have tbeught a few men would break out 8 nd try to get near him, if they bad nothing better than blunderbusses to do it 'with 1 Since Sunday afternoon the little band had been pressing hard across the veld. They had had no sleep, they bad finished their food (not proportioned, we suppose, to BO prolonged a "calm restraint"), they bad, at last, fired away their cartridges ; with thirst, and waking, and utter fa?, they were nodding BS they went. And they were hemmed in by six to one of Boer rifle- men, BO well covered thab the total Boer loss is put at two. They had flung themselves at the mass with reckless daring : small parties had bean thrown away, shot or taken, that the main body might dash past, all to get through and make the junction with thousands of armed men (so they des- cribe themselves) who never came one step to meet them. The thing is simply incredible. It is pathetic reading, the account of the surrender at last, the men flinging themselves on the ground to sleep, or , greedily munching the biltong which their Boer captors, full of the generous comradeship of brave men for brave men, hastenpd to share with them. Even the Bobineon-Kriiger organs ceased to talk about a " rout" and be- gan with huste to take a lower seat and praise their gallantry, The streets of Capetown yesterday were a curious sight. People's faces were as gloomy as ii everybody had lost a near friend . -rr88! "iodfcedj ¡ not a few. must-have done. ;>; Tba abstract, rights, of the people of Johannesburg aire the same aa ever, no doubt-and the revo- lutionists by proxy, cay now that they are all to be conceded. But while the cause is the same, and all Cape j colonists Bupport it, you cannot to-day conjure out of Capetown the ghost of a cheer for the uitlanders of Johan- nesburg. It may be wrong, but it is well that Johannesburg should know it, should feel that ia lies under a great and grievous need to clear itself before the world. The whole business issimply incompre- hensible. The Reform Committee puts the blame on the High Commissioner's proclamation. Since the Imperial Government disavowed Jameson they must, of course, follow suit. Did they really expect the Imperial Government to personally condncb their revolution ? The way the average Johannesburgher talks over his drinks never led us to suppose that his political judgment was so fettered by the proprieties of Downing-Btreet. These people, whose representatives invited Jameson in, can they not see that while it was in- evitable for us to disavow him, it was grotesque for them Î It was for us to deplore civil war-which is always deplorable. They had declared them- selves ready, if forced, to make it. Yet a proclamation addressed to British subjects when they had just sworn allegiance to the Transvaal flag suffices to make them coldly repudiate their ally. The Star, which has been preaching sedition bravely for a week, actually congratulates the forces of the Government on having defeated him, and the whole of Johannesburg looks on unmoved while the Boers draw on the ammunition in the town for those supplies which might have saved Jameson. And then, when the mass of people suddenly realised their dis- grace, and in a passion of shame and anguish turn on the committee, one of these gentlemen looks out of a window and declares, like Mrs. Micawber, that it is no use asking him, the committee will never desert Dr. Jameson. In conclusion the Cape Times points out that if the demands of the uit- landers have been conceded they may thank Dr. Jameson, and that it behoves Johannesburg bafore it lays down arms to put the release of Dr. Jameson with full honors of war before everything else. 