Parisia-n; Parlance. . July 4. The absence in Franco ot individual moral courage on the part of citizons to take, tlio initiative for redressing a public grievance, or suppressing it social "im purity, is ns general as it is deplorable. She lias no village Hnmprtcim with dauntless breasts. 'This may explain why, too, many public' iniquities rtoiirisli, and so many indecencies thrive. These are left to tho law, to tlio police. People are afraid of being ridiculed if they step out of the ranks to play the part of Onto, the oeuscnyov .imateurpnblicprosecutor. Asocietycom- posed exclusively of -fathers of families ivas formed some yours ago, for the uipprcssion of obsceuo aud indecent, publications sold at news stalls uud in low stationers' shops, both very numer ous in tho vicinity of public schools. L'he society also toolc cognisanco of the distribution of dissolute handbills. ' It liil, and does, a good deal - of moral icavengciing. Tndccont illustrations and prurient- letterpress no longer offended. and soiled the eyes of tho foot passengers. Tho handbill distributors vanished like ghosts at cockcrow at the prospect of 30 days' " hard " ; the booksellers took fright at the threat of i public prosecution, and tho tenant of flic kiosque became hysterical at the menace of ejection. However, the tricked did not coaso from troubling. The post office authorities will not deliver defamatory or immoral postal cards, and will assist to prosecute the lender. Speculators in aboraiuahlo publications for somo time havo fnllon back on tho sending of prospectuses to young people nt their residences. Two fathers have just taken tho bull by the horns. They indicted tho publisher of the prospectus " for 'insulting their morality and dignity, and the violation of their domicile, by the introduction against their will of obsccnt prints." Tho publisher had to pay each com plainant 500 l'raucs damages — which thoy handed to the Society for the Sup pression of Street Vice — and costs. If again convicted his license will be cancelled, nnd ho will forfoit his civil and political rights, bo verif- nbly outlawed, for violation of public decency. The air is sweeter by that conviction. Deputy Aynnrd asserts that it would be more hygienical to vote laws to protect tho young from the immoral spectacles in the street, than for the reduction of working hours in factories for children. The Sunday closing- movement is extending, not 011 any Sabbatarian grounds, as such do not enter into the continental view of the question nt all. One day of rest in seven is accepted Hi tm. con. as a physical and mental necessity. Sunday is preferred because associated with manners and customs, not church injunctions. In Franco tho pious people do not invoke the religious argument for Sunday observance, they are the materialists who i-esist the reform, believing they eaa thus rein in the clericals, hence why they advocate Monday or Thursday. Obvi ously thoro cannot be three Sundays in a week, so the logical public allows itself to drift into the observance of Sunday. It is a referendum by gravi tation. Tho question has not yet been decided,' whether in- tho contracts for the erection of the 1900 Exhibition buildings Sunday labour will he ruled out. It involves only a question of pluek on tho part of tho Governmont. No Cabinet would ovor he overthrown for insisting upon tho toiler ceasing to toil 011 the world's day of rest. It is not a had sign that tho central offices of tho Exhibition nro aud will be closed always 011 Sunday. Tlio staff of this central administration is limited to -10 hands, and that will he amplo for tho wholo duration of the undertaking. Tlio 3,700 applicants for situations aro requested to call and take back their testimonials. Further, only French men, married, and having children, havo been nominated; no exception made, even for Russians. There is tho resource for the unemployed to offer their services to Mcnclik, nnd Abyssinia has not a had climate. The Negus re ceived no less than seven carael londs of letters, from writers in all parts of the world, sooking employment. Unfrocked clergymen offerod to become head of his church ; others to be his furnisher of old postage stamps; a Frouchman is pre pared to supply him with navigable balloons ; a Gorman with " the hundred best hooks of tho literature of every nation," &c.;, &c.; While Parisians ure preparing to go to tho soaside, tho Parliament is oeoupied with tho host plan to givo the taxpayer a few more painless squeezes ; lie is not yet bled entiroly white. Franco wants 3,387,000,000 francs for her house keeping this year. Sho is fully aware she is living beyond hor means, but sho lias to maintain her place iu society, so must ' face tho music. Iu any cave sho can repeat, Apies moi h deluge. Amongst tho now taxes will ho one on the holders of public stocks. It was pro mised not to turn the screw again in this quarter; but ono must- no mora put faith in chancellors of exchequers than in princes. Eaohelors and spinsters will bo taxed for the first time in the annual sum of 8 franos, or 3 sous a week, that they can allow to accumulate in a penny hank, or pay like nil French tuxes, iu 12 monthly instalments. The impost only -becomes duo in case thoy pay a yearly ront of 300 francH. No explanation will he aceoptod in oxouse of their singlo posi tion. Get married— or pay. Tho tux gathorer will still follow up unions ; if llomoos and Juliots havo no children they will havo to pay a tax, a fine for their sterility. No practical joking with tho State. France wunts babies ; oven rip'o yeuin' will ha no oxouse. Was not Abrahain a oentouarinn, aud Siuiili a nonagonarian whon Isaac was horn? However, if spouses do then- duty, aud have one' or two children, they will be nllowod a drawback of four-fifths in the matter of taxntion, just us manufacturers nnd exporters nro similarly recompensed. In case of three youngsters, parents will ho exon erated .from all imposts. Franco is still rich enough to pay for hot- glories. Tito running for the Grand Frix is the signal for the breaking up of the society season. Blinds aro drawn down, hol- lands cover -the furnituro, and yellow gauze tho candelabra. No ono is at homo, nor is tho family out. Tho hypocrites retire for shelter and economy to tho baok part of tho promises. Ulti mately that stratum, accepted as the world of .fashion, migrates ybut Em-is is not attached to the soles of their shoes. The diplomatic world resorts to ono of tiie 372 spas to have their con stitutions fixed up. It is tho rule, however,' that liigli lifo should for n time indulgo in jinks below stairs; just as tlio jaded appetite, the victim of Lucullian menus, seeks relief by patronising a low eating house, so does "high society" rush to tho kcr- messc of penny gaffs, concentrated in the Avenue ile Neuilly. It is the spot not only to shoot folly as it flies, hut to eateii the living manners of the populace. The booth aud tont shops represent the latest actualities, there the "upper suckles" elbow the under ten. At tho shanty theatre the uristo- cratic elusscs have not a chance of being represented unless .associated with a good crime. There is one show, Paris lu miit, worth travelling miles to_ sec. It is hideously tvuo and original. We know the waxworks of Tussaud and Grovin. In tho prosent ease the exhibition is a collection of recidivist types of both soxos to bo encountered every night in and around Fans ; thoro are also tho jetsam and flotsam of society. Tho amateurs of rags and misery by visiting this realistic museum, will bo spared the trouble aud expense of visiting tho dens when pro tected by detectives. The Bill Sykoses and their Nancys, and tho social strata thut pass their nights under the stars ; professors without pupils— .Fagins ex cepted — poor workmen without work are all there. And all the figures are in wax and copied to life. The show proves how moro power fully impressive a wax figure appears when clad in rags, and not in . purple and fine linon. Actors say nothing is more easy to impersonate than a mad man or a drunkard. The luxurious wax figure represents a false note. Compare in the mind's eye tho latter with the thieves, burglars, assassins, and the whole gamut of scoundrels before you, in thou- everyday professional dress, tattered, torn, muddy. They havo the odour of tho morgue iu advance ; they suggest a corpse as well as life. ' You have an attack of the "creeps" that no other penny awful could produce. We nee the army ' of crime and of misery defile before our eyes. It is the true " free theatre ;" there is no censor, no manuscript to ho scissored. It is curious that these shows to-day in their get-up and management are the same as their prototypes of centuries ago. Tho actu alities only chango, and a littlo of the literature of the play bills. The murder of Delaheff, by Aubcrt and Marguerite Dubois, awaiting their trial, is as i-oal as photography. Tho young hrokor of postago stamps is being trussed, after being murdered, placed in a case, and marked, "This sido up with care." Besides the booth of the Marseillaise wrestlers and boxers, is the tent where tho Oberainmerguu Passion Play is represented ; it is tlio esthetic, the select element in tho Neuilly Fair, though, it has in its vicinity a host of cheap Jacks, dealers in fried potatoes, beer inuocout ol1 hops and malt, and wino unucquuiuted with grupos, either dried or fresh. Jesus and the Samuritan, the Judas kiss, Christ carry ing his cross, Calvary, Golgotha, aro all reverently represented and viewed with every rcspoct. A -clamour is heard, a multitude of voices is exclaiming. You conclude it is connected with the liberation of Barrabns ? . It is the crowd in tho adjoining tent applauding the victorious wrcstlor aud his backors Bot tling about thoir bots. The antithesis is furthcr uugmonted by tho grinding of barrel organs, tho blowing of tram-car horns, the heating of drums, tho clashing of cymbals, tho noise from tho shooting gallories, tho hells of the pancake sellors, aud tho explosion of riflo- rockets. It is a kind of dream land, hut it is also life. Wcexperionce tho sensations ; tho shiver of crime, tho shudder of misery, tho shock of incon gruities, and tho whirl of tho mystorious unknown. It is tho vortigo of tho gulf, but without the abyss. Tlio (leporturo of Lord Dufferin is really a loss for European diplomacy, for ho holped to settle not a few questions outside thoso relating to his own couutry. Nestor's counsels uso always invnluahlo. General opinion guesses that the Marquess will he nominated in tho capacity of a confidential adviser to tho Foreign Office. He is, though 70, too young to ho laid up in diplomatic ordinary, tho more so us his oxperionco of nearly half a century in tho most intricato centres of political imbroglios is unrivalled. No European quostion is considered to ho near any explosion point. Italy has taken up, formally, position against French designs ou Tripoli, aud tho sword will do its work 111 Soudan and llkodosiu. Paris works trams by stoam, com pressed air, anil electricity.- Coal gas is now being tried, nnd citizens demand more omnibuses nnd a uniform tariff of two sous a ride. \ - 