THE DAY OF REST. WHAT IS FAITH? Bv .lOHX UlllLMV, D.D., Professor of Systematic Tbenlogy in Xew College, Edinburgh. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of tilings not been.—Heb. xi. 1. The one point in this suggestive utterance on which we fix our attention is the connection between Christian faitJi and Christian hope. That connection is vital. Faith is the root, and Hupe the stem. Faith is the foundation or ground; Hope thai which rests upon it. But, to be more particular, if we take the " things hoped for" and the things not seen as meaning the same, viz., these benefits and glories that the redeemed inherit through their Redeemer, then there, are two ways here suggested in which faith is connected with the hope of these good things to come not seen as yet. It supplies or "gives substance" to the things hoped for, and furnishes reasons for the hope itself. In a passage of the "Paradiso," often referred to, Dante represents himself as quotiug these words to define faith ; and the Apostle Peter, to whom he is speaking, as replying thus: — Itiglidy hast thou deemed Was answered if tbou well discern why first lie hath defiued it subitance and then proof. Newman remarks that this definition gives faith a place in both the worlds known to mnn —the realm of Substance or Reality, and the realm of Argument, Evidence, or Idea. The substance ib that which faith has already made our own experience. The reakty and sweetness of these things tarnish the occasion of hope's brightest expectations, and lay a ground or reason on which hope may build her inferences. Tatie them in reverse order—iCvidence first, Substance afterwards. EVJDEX'CE OK THINGS UN'SEEN". Faith furnishes evidence to the soul of things not seen as yet. Hopes and expectations, therefore, are not baseless, but grounded upon that which faith supplies. To bring this out of the merely general abstract, put it in the language of personal Christian faith:—I have received tho gospel history concerning Jesus of Nazareth ; upon its testimony I have formed my conclusions concerning Him, and fixed my trust upon His person and work. I believe Him to iiavo been the Eternal Son of God, the sutievmg Brother Man on earth, the dying Surely of sinners, myself included, upon Ciilvar3 T 's cross: the risen Redeemer, tho ascended and glorified Saviour of mankind. Now let it be granted »liat I have Him so, that my faith holds Him such. Faith only can so hold Him ; Divine grace only can create such a. faith; " For no man can say that Jesus is the Lord but by the Holy Spirit." Plenty of people suppose honestly enough that they hold the truth of this and make a Christian profession upon it; but this is personally to call Jesus " Lord." 1 am supposing your case, or mine, to be one where that is so. What follows regarding our future in His hands? Why, as firm as tho conduct of a mathematical demonstration, though it belongs to a different order of certainty, this follows:—Where the tilings of Jesus Christ which liava already happened, and which history records, have thus made their appeal to the soul and are held by Faith, the things unseen, but ready to be revealed, are sure also. For oxamplo, such things as these: that this same Jesus, now in heaven, receives at their death .all whobelong to Him -. that iwvnediately He makes them blessed with Himself and with His Father; that He will bring them again in resurrection glory; that they shall share and shir.e with Him when He comes in His kingdom In short, all the riches of tho Christian hope prove by strict spiritual demonstration to be real when faith's position about ,1 cs.ua Christ, the Crucifiod and Risen, is or.ee accepted, fully and fairly, by the soul. Believing Him to be what lie has said, I know upon this evidence of faith that He will and must be to me all that He has bpoken to rcc of, though much of tlu- c e things as yet lies hid in an unseen world. Now, let us see what suchevidenre will do for us in this present time. On tho cabin stairs of most of our coasting steamers you ".vili read a framed instruction thus:—" Required for this vessel an anchor and cable sufficient, for the servicc intended, and ready for use."' A graphic expression in the Scripture to the Hebrews so describes the Christum Hope— 'An anchor of the soul, both sure and steadf.\3i, and entering into that which is within the vail." That is one of the requirements ol the human soul which is met in the Gospel when grasped by faith. Here are we mortal creatures, tossed on the sea of human life, on the little bark of our frail make, within earshot of the great ocean of eternity. Tho.-e of us who are really Christians know Jesus Christ. Wo live by the faith of Him. We live on what Ho did and said on earth. We see that He knew all about living and dying, about eUirniLy and time. We have Him yonder, within the vail of the unseen world. The cable, of our faith ii, fixed in Ilim, and He h.i,s earned the anchor of our hope home along with Himself, and made it fa,t by th? throne of the Eternal Gcd. Now, then, our hope is certain that, as for us to live is Christ, so dying is to lie with Jesus : that eternity is to be lor us endless gain and cea=ei('-s praise: that His coming back again is to be the fortlibnnging aud outshining of all II:s children—ir. short, our future is identified with that of our Forerunner, who for us is entered yonder—even ,!<:sus, mane our High Priest for ever. Tills "anchor of the soul,' then, is botri sure and steadfast. .For if I had been laid hold of by Christ Jesus, the tie that binds niv soul to Him cannot be i-'. r.dercd ; th:-t cable will never break, for the ground iu which that an-- hor bites is the Throne; of God, the tru.ii and faithfulness of the Divine Being Himself. " If it were, not so, I would have told you."' " I go to prepare a place for you." -And it h.i-s emered with Jesus into the uuseen. He is our hope, ile has passed through these vi.-ibfe hc.-.vens into the eternal presence, whither Me will gather all His own, that they may be for ever with Him and behold His glory. Sufficient surely is that anchor for ti.o service intended — to enable us who have cast it to rhlc out the trials and temptations of the present little while, a night which is already far spen f, " unf ii the Q';y break and the shadows case fit and ready for use. Where is your faith? Bring it out and enerci.-e it. " Believe much and you will hope much." Enlarge • your view of the Christ .ihcady revealed, and | you will so much cr.l.n vour hopes cf tho Christ that is to come. "Now the God of hope till you with nil juv and pcacc in believing, that ye may abound iti hope, through the power of tho Holy Ghost." Let us put (his relation of faith to hope as supplying it with isvidem:.; yet another way. I believe in Christ as my Saviour, and so certainly as I do so I have received c:r-r:;:in effects of present ble.ssedress—nf sin forgiven mid of pe^ce witVTGod. >ow( upon this, and out of it, there arises > evidence that He will finish what He has begun, j the hope that He will > perfoct that which con- . ccmeth me. Faith, working by love, has already > furnished tho evidence; and upon this cuange and work in my soul already > seen rests the hone of perfection unseen a3 yet, of complete holiness, > blessedness, and glory yet "to come. To niako actual use of such assurances > is what Scripture in another suggestive figure calls putting on for a helmet > the hope of salvation—that is, arming oneself for present conflict and > victory by tho assured prospect iu one's own person of a redemption every > way complete. For such hope acts as a protection to tho believing souk Mark > well what it is that so acts. For the enemy of souls has manufactured a > pasteboard iraltatioa of this famous piece of armour, and called it by the > same name, and many wear it all their dayg without discovering tho > imposition. " The hope of salvation !'" There are hundreds who, when they > hear such an expression, think only ofthatmtse.rablefigm_.it—"I tru3t I have > a good chance to be saved. I hope that somehow I shall get within tho door > of heaven." There never was a more arrant fabrication than to palm that > flimsy thing off for Christian hope. No! " The hope of salvation" is the > firm assurance to which every believer in Jesus is entitled, that He will > complete what He has begun. That since He reconciled me to God by His dying > He will bring mo through to heaven and glory by His living; that ^.so sure > .as He died once unto sin shrdl sin altogether cease to have dominion over > me; and that so sure as His body was raised from humiliation to glory shall > mine come again in His likeness. In short, as sure as when I came to Him and > entered in I wits saved with the salvation of immediate pardon and > acceptance, so surely will I bo saved in the end with the salvation ready to > be revealed in tho last time. This is the helmet which the Scripture enjcinB > U3 to put on; that, trusting Jesus only £nd Jesus wholly, we should > entertain the sure and certain expectation that He who hath begun a good > work in us will perform it unto the day of the Lord Jesus: that as grace has > visited ua already, there is mare grace and higher to be brought unto us at > the revelation of Jesus Christ— grace sufficient, grace all the way, and > glory at the end. Are we not saved by euch a hope? Is it not a headpiece, a > protection to the vitals of a Christian m h.is present struggle? Can any of > us who are fighting the fight of faith afford to forget it, mistake it, or > leave it off; I may not willingly yield an inch of my nature servant to sin, > for Christ ha3 redeemed it all, and shall yet have all of me, to the very > dusi —for which He has paid the price. I must not despair in grappling with > any temptation or besetting sin, for it is now a settled and a certain thing > that sin and death shall yield their hold. I shall not all die. Why? I shall > all live. Because He lives we shall live also. FAITH Tin; SUBSTANCE OI' > THLVGS HOrED FOB. Fnith is the substance of things hoped for. It furnishss > hope with the matter of expectations as well as with the evidence on which > to ground these. By this additional thought it is brought out that faith > provides some indication of what the hope in substance is. A Christian > should know not only why he hopes, but what he hopca for. And he knows for > what he hopes by what he has. It is the remark of a great Puritan that one > is oft left unaffected by the most beautiful imaginations of men regarding > the future life. They are liko children's flower gardens—cut flowers planted > in sand. They have no root or hold opon us by what we know or feel already. > Bible descriptions of tho glory to come are easily read bv & Christian, > because they are rooted in what he has some measure of acquaintance with > now. "His servants shall serve Him; they shall sec Hie face, and His name > sho-11 be in their foreheads." These are some of tho blessings of the > perfect state—some of the clusters which grow upon the tree of life tliat is > in the midst of the paradise of God. Now these do not savour much of > promises to the natural mind. There is nothing serious about them. The world > knows not their sweetness, for it prizes not thdr quality. "Serving God," > "seeing His face, these are not attractive promises to the unspiritual mind. > To wear the colours of the Christian when these are profitable is well known > to tha world, but to have tha name of Christ on their foreheads were like > the brand of shame. How much these promises mean to those who follow Jesus > now! Thoy can understand what tho fruits of Canaan will be like, having > tasted on this side Jordan oi these very things. A Christian knows what it > is to "serve God," at least "to try"—to labour find yearn to love Him > better. Here is a hope for such: Yonder, in yon coming time, "His servants > shall serve Him." He knows whab it is to see the blessed countenance, thoo^h > itr be through a glass darkly. What a hope is ia these words, "They shall > see His face." And if His name be not yet mounted into their foreheads, it > ia in their hearts. Let ns not think that thus we make too much of ths > present prace to which faith gives access. For what ia it but, in other > words, " Christ in you the hope of glory?" It is not that grace realized > here on earth is the ground of hope, for Christ above is our hope. But tho > grace present and efficacious by faith is of the same nature as the glory to > come, cives the receiver foreta-sies of that, and confirms him in the > assurance that by-and-by he shall enjoy it all. When Jacob's sons returned > from Egypt the last time, and told their father plainly, "Joseph is alive, > and is ruler over all the land," Jacob's heart fainted, for ho believed > thera not; but when he saw the wagon& which Joseph had sent to carry him tho > spirit of Israel revived, and he said, "It is enough; my son is yet alive." > The carriages were as nothing to the wealth of Jacob, or to the promises of > Joseph ; but Joseph had sent them, they were a proof that he was living, and > of the good and plenty where he was. So present experience of grace acts > upon tho hearts of faith. Grace is glory begun. Glory is grace finished. > Here and yonder are not two divine worlds to a spiritual mind, but one > eternal kingdom of the good and true. Saint Peter, in Dante's vision, at the > place quoted already, after receiving this definition of faith and an > exposition of it, says in effect, "The answer made ia right, bub let me know > if thy inward persuasions are conformable to thy professions." Current is > tliB coin Thou utter'st, both in weight and alloy; 13ut tell me if thou lust > it in thy pune. 