CHAPTER II. The First Cloud. About a mile seaward from Porlock, sep- arated from it by a narrow strip of the most luxuriant meadowlands in Devonshire, lies the village of Bossington. Perhaps it were better called a hamlet, for at the time when I knew anything about it (which, let the tour- ist remember, is many years ago) it consist- ed but of six or seven cottages, a farm- house, and a half-ruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my fa- ther paid ten pounds a year, or some such trifling sum, to the neighboring clergyman whose property it was. But what the place lacked in size was cer- tainly atoned for—and more than atoned for —by the beauty of its situation. High above it, like a mighty protecting giant, rose Bos- sington Headland, covered always with a soft, springy turf, and glowing in midsum- mer with the brilliant coloring of rich pur- ple heather and yellow gorse. Often have I stood on its highest point, and with my head bared to the strong fresh breeze, watched the sun rise over the Dartmoor Hills and Dunkerry Beacon, and waited until it shed its first warm gleams on the white cottages and queer old church-tower of Portlock, which lay clustered together in picturesque irregularity at the head of the little bay. And almost as often have I gazed upon the same scene from the same spot by the less distinct but more harmonious light of the full harvest moon, and have wondered in which guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Bossington lay Allercombe Woods, great tree-covered hills sloping on one side down ito the road which connected, and still connects, Porlock with Minehead and the outside world, and on tho other, descending precipitously to the sea; so precipitously indeed that it seemed always a wonder to me how the thickly growing but stunted fir trees could preserve their shape and regu- larity. The descent, from Bossington Head- land into Porlock was by a steep winding path through Allercombe Woods, and many a time I have looked through the thin coat- ing of green leaves upon the fields which stretched like a piece of patchwork below down to the sea, and wondered whether any other country in the world (I had never been out of Devonshire then) could be more beau- tiful than this. Within a stone's throw of where the blue sea of our English Bay of Naples rippled in on to the firm while sands, was the tumble- down old building in which we lived. What there had been of walls had long before our time been hidden by climbing plants and ivy, and in summer-time the place from a distance somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay of cottage roses, jessamine, and other creeping flowers. There was but a small garden and no ground, for Bossington Headland rose precipitously close to the back of the house, and in front there was no space for any. A shed served as a stable for one or two Exmoor ponies, and also as a sleeping place for the lanky, raw-boned Devonshire lad whom we kept to look after them. There were but few habitable rooms in our mansion, but they were sufficient, for our household was a small one. My father, mother, sister, myself, and a country ser- vant comprised it. We never had a visitor, save occasionally the clergyman from Por- lock. We never went anywhere. We knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea which had been developed in me for a long time, took to itself the tangible shape of words. "Father," I said to him one evening when we were sitting out upon our little strip of lawn together, he smoking, I envying him for being able to smoke, "do you know that I have never been out of Devonshire--never been further than Exeter even, and I am seventeen years old?" lt was long before he answered me, and when, at last, he turned round and did so, I was distressed to see the look of deep anx- iety in his worn, handsome face, and the troubled light in his clear eyes. "I know it, my boy," he said, pityingly. "I have been expecting this. You are weary of the country." I stood up, with my hands in my pockets, and my back against the latticed wall of the house, gazing over the sparkling, dancing sea, to where, on the horizon, the stars seem to stoop and meet it. Was I tired of this quiet home? I scarcely knew; country sports and country sights were dear to me, and I had no desire to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in the Exford streams, and the huntsman's rallying call from "t'other side Dunkerry," and the wild birds that needed so much getting at and such quick firing, and of the deep sea fish- ing, and the shooting up the coombs from Farmer Pulsford's boat, and of the delight of stripping on a hot summer's day and div- ing deep down into tho cool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this? What should I be likely to find pleasanter in the world of which, as yet, I know nothing? For a moment or two I hesitated—but it was only for a moment or two. The restless- ness which had been growing up within me for years was built upon a solid foundation, and would not be silenced. "No, I'm not tired of the country, father," I answered, slowly. "I love it too much ever to be tired of it. But men don't gene- rally live all their lives in one place, do they, without having any work or anything to do except enjoy themselves?" "And what should you like to be?" my father asked, quickly. I had long ago made up my mind upon that point, and was not slow to answer "I should like to be a soldier," I declared, emphatically. I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be the most acute pain passed across my father's face, and he covered it for a mo- ment with his hands. When he withdrew them he looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the golden moonlight, and when he spoke his voice trembled with, emotion. "God forbid that you should wish it seri- ously!" he said, "for it is the one thing which you can never be." "Ob, Hugh, you do not mean it really; you do not wish to go away from us!" I turned round, for the voice, a soft and gentle one, was my mother's. She was standing in the open window; with a fleecy white shawl around her head, and her eyes, the sweetest I ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me, I glanced from one to the other blankly, for my disappointment was great. Then, like a flash, a sudden conviction, laid hold of me. There was some great and mys- terious reason why we had lived so long apart from the world. 