ENGLISH THEATRICAL ROTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, March 14, 180(1. Do the Gilbertian quips and cranks ana topsy-turveyisms begin to pall upon our sober middle-aged palates, or is the elaborate aria tieial humor which delighted us in "The Sorcerer" in 1877 a little thinner than it used to be ? I confess I think both things are true. "The Grand Duke" seems more like a rehash of very old materials than a novelty, and despite finished workmanship Mr. Gilbert's mine of wit shows signs of petering out. Kir Arthurs music, tuo, struck me much in the same way. It might have been scored from his recollec tions of the nine previous operas. Even the first-night audience at the Savoy, packed as it was with friends of all concerned, grew thoroughly bored towards the close. The first act went well aud seemed j to promise a success of the usual dimensions. But the long interval and attenuated incidents of the second weaned us all unspeakably, and when at midnight the curtain finally fell there was a disposition to he off without calling the three Savoyards. Energetic friends, however, soon remedied this and Mr. D'Oyly Carte especially received cordial congratulations on his convalescence. | Since Saturday Mr. Gilbert has, I am told, i reduced and much improved act 2. Of course, in estimating this accomplished librettist's work, one can only compare Gilbert; with Gilbert. At his worst ho is miles in front of the writers of " Shop Girls'" and "Artist Models" and "Gaiety Girls." Consequently one finds plenty of good tilings to quote from " The Grand Duke." The curtain rises on the Market-place of Speisesaal, in the Grand Duchy of Pfennig Halpfonnig, where Ernest Dummkofl s theatrical company are celebrating the marriage of Ludwig (chief comedian) and Lisa (soubrette). The chorus, Gilbertian from the first, declare it to he a pretty wedding;— , If her dress is badly fitting, Theirs the fault who made her trosseau. If her gloves are always splitting, Cheap kid gloves, we know, will do so. It her wreath is all lopsided, That's a thing one's always dreading. If her hair is all untidicd Still, it is a pretty wedding 1 Oh, it is a pretty wedding! Such a pretty, pretty wedding'. The wedding feast, however, is being eaten before the ceremony, because the grand duke has selected this very day for a convocation of all the clergy in the town to settle the details of his approaching marriage with the enormously wealthy Baroness von Kralcen feldt, and there will not be a parson to be_ had for love or money until fi o'clock that nignt. The company are rather awkwardly placed, for a magnificent classical _ revival of " Troilus and Cressida" is to be given at seven. "We learn that the despot is to he dethroned, an association having been formed for that purpose. The secret sign of the association is explained :— By the mystic regulation Of our dark association lire you open conversation With another kindred soul You must eat a sausage-roll! And poor Ludwig groans that lie has had to eat six sausage-roils that day. Dummkopi, the theatrical manager, is to be elected Grand Duke in Rudolph's stead, and he tells us if a man can rule a theatrical company he can rule anything. Both A and B rehearsal slight— They say they'll be " all right at night" (They've both to go to school yet), C in each act must change her dress, D will attempt to " square the press," E won't play Borneo unless IBs grandmother plays Juliet. F claims all hoydens as her rights (She's played them thirty seasons); And G must show herself in tights * For two convincing reasons Two very well-shaped reasons! Oh, the man who can drive a theatrical team, IVilli wheelers and leaders in order supreme, Can govern and rale, with a wave of his tin, All Europe—witli Ireland thrown in ! So far so good, but the unfortunate Ludwig (admirably played by Rutland. Barrington) gives literally tfio whole show away. Meeting an affable person who consumes three sausage rolls in rapid succession the actor assumes he is a conspirator, whereas in point of fact he's the Duke's detective. Ludwig (insong) relates how he coniided every detail of the revolu tion :— Lull.—Quite reassured, I let him know _ Our plot—each incident explaining : That stranger chuckled much, as though He thought me highly entertaining. I told him all, Both bad and good; I bade him call— He said he would. I added much—the more I muckled, The more that chuckling chummy chuckled J A (angrily)— A bat could see He couldn't be A chum of ours if he chuckled! Dummkopf and his fiancee Julia are naturally much annoyed. Not only are their prospects of becoming Grand Duke and Grand Duchess spoilt but it seeems probable the com pany may have to "exhibit their fairy forms all in a row, strung up upon the castle gibbet." A quarrel commences, bnt is solved by a convenient notary, who suggests that Dummkopf and Ludwig must fight a statutory duel. None of the company having heard of this convenient arrangement the notary ex plains that a century ago to "wipe out the duello" which had To sudden death For want of breath Sent many a strapping fellow, the presiding prince passed a special Act, short and compact— By this ingenious law, If any two shall quarrel, They may not fight With falchions bright (Which seemed to him immoral). But each a card shall draw, And he who draws the lowest Shall (so 'twas said) Be henceforth dead— In fact a legal " glioest" (When exigence of rhyme compels, Orthography foregoes her spells, And "ghost" is written "glioest"). The winner must adopt The loser's poor relations— Discharge his debts, Fay all his bets, And take his obligations. In short, to briefly sum the case, The winner takes the loser's place, With all its obligations. Lud,—I see. The man who draws the lowest card Not.—Dies ipso facto a _ social death. He loses all his civil rights, his identity disappears, the revising barrister expunges his name from the list of voters, and the winner takes his place whatever it may be, discharges all his functions and adopts all his responsibilities. Ern.—This is all very well as far as it goes, hut it only protects one of us. WJiat's to be come of the survivop ? Lud.—Yes, that's an interesting point be cause I might be the survivor. Not.—The surviyor goes at once to the Grand Duke, and in a burst of remorse de nounces the dead man as the moving spirit of the plot. He is accepted- as King's evidence, and, as a matter of course, receives a free pardon. To-morrow when the law expires the dead man will ipso facto come to life again the revising barrister will restore his name to the list of voters, and he will resume ali his obligations as though nothing unusual had happened. Julia.—"When he will be at once arrested, tried, and executed on the evidence of the in former? Candidly, my friend, I don't think much of your plot! Not.—Dear, dear, dear, the ignorance of the laity ! My good young lady, it is a beauti ful maxim of our glorious constitution that a man can only die once. Death expunges crime, and when he comes to life again it will be with a clean slate. Ludwigwinsthe duel with Dummkopf, and in due course presents himself to Duke Rudolph, a meanly clad, half-starved, sickly, depressed creature, who lias just been rendered extremely unwell by news of the conspiracy. He sings— When you find your're a broken-down critter, Who is all ot a triinmle and twitter, With your palate unpleasantly bitter, As if you'd just eaten a pill. When your legs are as thin as dividers, And you're plagued with unruly insiders, And your spine is all creepy with spiders, And you're highly gamboge in the gill. When your lips are all smeary—like tallow, And you tongue is decidedly yellow, "Witli a pint of warm oil in your swallow, And a pound of tin-tacks in your chest. When you're down in the mouth with the vapors, And all over your new Morris papers Blaek-beetles are cutting their capers, And crawly things never at rest; When you doubt if your head is your own. And you jump when an open door slams, Then you've got to a state which is known To the medical world as " jim-jams." If such symptoms you lind In your hotly or head, They're not easy to quell; You may make up your mind You are better in bed, For you're not at all well 1 Ludwig begins to confess by .avowing himself the most miserable man in his Sereno Higk nesses's dominions. liuj). (stiil sobbing).—You the most miser able man in my whole dominion ? How can j yon have the face to stand there and say such • a thing? Why, look at mo ! Look at mo! j (Bursts into tears). | Lun.—Well I wouldn't be a cry-baby. I Hun.—A cry-baby? If you had just been told that you were going to be deposed to- j morrow, and perhaps blown up with dyna- i mite, for all I know, wouldn't you be a cry-' baby ? I do declare if I could only hit upon j some cheap and painless method of putting an end to an existence which has become insup portable I would unhesitatingly adopt it. Ludwig with much presence of mind pro poses a statutory duel. The duke agrees, but of course there must be some pretence of a quarrel to justify it. Luii.—Just to giro color to the thing. I Shall I give you a sound thrashing before ail i the people ? Say the word—it's no trouble. j Hud.—No, I think not j though it would i bo very convincing, and its extremely good and thoughtful of you to suggest it. Ultimately a mock statutory duel is fixed up (Ludwig having the ace up his sleeve), and comes olf before all. Ludwig of course wins, and becomes Grand Duke of Pfennig Haib Pfennig. _The schemes of Mr. Gilbert's books seldom differ. The first act creates topsy-turveydom. The second shows it in action. Ludwig's first proceeding as Grand Duke is to insist on an attempt to revive tho classic memories of Athens at its best by malting everybody adopt the dress of the period. The song in which Ludwig details the scheme of this revival is one of the best in the piece, though too long to quote. After describing how the ancient Greeks drank he sings— Then came rather risky dances (under certain circum stances) Which would shock that worthy gentleman, the licenser of plays. Corybantian maniac kick, Dionysiac or Bacchic, And the Dithyrambic revels of those undecorous days. (Confidentially to audience)— And perhaps I'd better mention, Lest alarming you I am, That it isn't our intention To perform a Dithyramb. It displays a lot of stocking, Which is always very shocking, And of course I'm only mocking At the prevalence of " cram." Yes, on reconsideration, there are customs of that nation Which are not in strict accordance with the habits of our day; And when I come to codify their rules I mean to modify, Or llrs. Grundy, p'r"aps, may have a word or two to say. For they hadn't mackintoshes or umbrellas or goloshes— And a shower with their dresses must have played the very deuce. It must have been unpleasing, when they caught a fit of sneezing, For it seems of pocket-handkerchiefs they didn't know the use. They wore little underclothing—scarcely anything— or no-thing— And their dress of Coan silk was quite transparent in design Well, in fact, in summer weather, something like the " altogether," And it's there, I rather fancy, I shall have to draw the line! The balance of this act is very thin, being mainly taken np with Ludwig's discovery that he must marry both Julia and the venerable Baroness von Krakenfeldt as the fiancees of the men he's killed in statutory duels. Finally, of course, the imbroglio is at the right moment solved by the discovery that the ace which won both duels is the lowest not the highest card and counts only one. Rudolph consequently becomes Duke again, and pairs off with the Baroness, whilst Dummkopf and Julia and Ludwig and Lisa are reunited. At first hearing there do not seem to be many catchy numbers in Sir A. Sullivan's score. The most popular will probably be the opening chorus, JSloia I opoponax;" the herald's song, "The Prince of Monte Carlo;" Ludwig's " Classic memoriesand a madrigal on tne statutory duel. "The Grand Duke" is splendidly mounted and efficiently cast, its most remarkable feature being a particularly strong chorus_ which .has a great deal to do. Rutland Barrington as Ludwig divides the "fat" with the new prima donna, Mdlle. Ilka von Palmay, Mr. Walter Passmore (who has succeeded to the Grossmith parts) being the Grand Duke Rudolph, and Mr. C. Kenning ham Ernst Dummkopf. Miss Rosena Brandram makes an admirable baroness, and all the other parts are thoroughly well fitted. 