BAYft'ONAjLD, 6r, Wiien d'eoirge the Third was, King. - NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ,BY MAY CROMMELINV AUTHOR-OF ''DEAD -MEN'S DOLLARS," "GOBLIN GOLD," "A JEWEL -OF A GIRL .AND JOINT AUTHOR OF "VIOLET VYVIAN, M.F.H.," &c.; CHAPTER IX'. -r (Continued.) . . . . . ' The shock of; knowing -that a girl tad' seen hfrff Cry was lightened con siderably ' when' Diet ;found himself a hero in. her ;,;:!.eyesV ! Ho !' .al lowed Anne tb''t'"prop - hiih . up- riorht. rewarding . her by dark hints concerning tbh/duol of which lie had been a spectator.' ' Ho, he would 'not tell her outright j boys of his age did not babble about such grave matters. And Anne, wbo wasia' gentle prig at that time, a dear- roly-poly of an oldest child, used tO'keepingyouhger brothers and sisters in .order)-'1 looked upon Dick as'.jwhat she had n'ot yet known — a bov / that , was.. . b, rave, handsome, and one to be secretly worshipped. He was- younger than "herself, > but no matter. Arine felt, that he would not obey her /thenceforth. in their childish intercourse iishe.iacceptodiPio't 08 her friend and sometimes tyrant, in short tier uiggost urouiiur. . So wth a wry-.. face Djck swallowed the ground-ivy -tea,';, previously bar gaining, to be Jet oft' the -black draught, and finding b'a was supposed to.o indisposed, to' ..be taken home (indeed, no one' at the farm would' have had time -to attend ", .to;'.,)i)|u while . his father' lay betwefcn;''living.and dying), he was .comforted, 'nhd ' got well enough . 'to- play .Popo-i Joan with tho other .children -before sup per. He even allowed hibsel'f" to ci'placepyf \- o£>opnrai%M,'S(o.w-n eilj.lriing unhandsomiiilfihShis 6jtin.iph),;;.fi|im -her large size. Tli5sldj?st ' Was ow.irtgs.to an internal cbmpl'iliht . 'from - which' the poor lady suffered' greatly at':, times, but she bore "'jhfir'1'- pangs ' without \- murmuring) and!' 'her., placid features at times literally beame'dl. with goodness. They h ad , :pray erS' ? ijiijh c and; morn ing. at the .Rectory, .whefiispecial inter cession was' inade . by Mh Butler, for /their 'friend 'Hasldderioy:: thdri' 'lying grievously. pick. tEhi's' impressed Dick deeply, though being ' late the first morning and -gently, admonished by Mr. Bti tier jf lie 'artjbstly explained,' "I thought men kept, prayers for Sunday ; of course woipdni; and girls are dif ferent,?) . , "We-, dress ... ,o'ur bodies in the morning ; until Aye .' have . said our prayers we should consider our souls undressed," replied the Elector. "You put off 'your du'sty clothes and your . 'muddy boots at'nig h t, niy-:l ad ; and so in family prayers wo want to leave-off tho sins of the day like soiled . gar ments." Soon afterwards Dick asked his friend' Anno' in confidence,' \'T. say, your mother's face shines after prayer time - like- 'mino- after -it has i- been washed. How. does she" get that look." . ' Anne reflected gravely, I suppose praying makeB. her feel bright and clean." . ' " i npver knew before it soaped the eoul like that," returned Dick/ meaning no irreverence. .And the moral atmosphere of the Bectory, ono redolent of charity' and sweet reasonableness, made hm feel, prodigiously. good, during the w;eek ho stayed tlierb.'i.ilEvery day ho crept.,' home to inquire, after his father, and' sat Vnute at 'h. irkutie on a high chair, With his hat.\bet\y,4en his kudos, till, his' ! mother' camij;;; . like . a j ghost down the croaking-'faTin stair ftoin the bedroom oyerhe.ad,,'and would say, .with' a despairing kiss,; in1- forced cheerful ness; that' fiis fathbr Was " no;|;wdrsb." Thqix back, raced Dick,-' , -to Whoop and shout when ut a safe distance,, and join the little Butlers at piayl ' td r/ Sfeantime. hb;:be£a,,n to letfTmLatih. with tlie'- latlV-'fiojSj'.i.w.oni )heir father 'i3aiiy 'tau»t,'i-,ahd':-.;this; e.i|ae. a habit, so'that his ;eduoatio.n for some years to come Was entirely conducted', at tho RectorVj sbeit'fg :thab;-hijiymo'6.1ier Could not afford him a tutoiii 'ji'/ ' ' Once back at' home Dicki'sliowed himself qiiitd 4 changed. charsCctiir for. a whole day and.a li'alf. Sa'd.!\tO say, lie then fell away from grace, 'iji older, converts have done in time of '''t&mptjitj; tiori: '/'! '; .V- ,'!!!!: ' What of! Catherine Sax'by l.dun'ng; : this second and soy, ere trial .? ; . V v« , Alas' poor -Catherino ! She 'hod. onily,; just, set about recovering; ffbiii the distress and' great wrqhcli-.'b'f leaving. , 1 Itookburst, also the auiyy and bodily strain of nursing', JTasle&ene; after his attack of illness.: ; A faint .bd)bur had lately come to" her ckeeks.'thotigh'ho fnore t hit n the eying flush of haw- iliorxi Jlo'ivers Who" i'sd begun : to take pleasure in' personally seeing to her kitchen, thp dairy, poultry yard and ' garden. These diverted'her thoughts. In ' former days at , Rbokliurst the establishment was too large for her pbrSonai interference in such matters, and knitting, netting purses, or. embroidering cbrbans, never ! kept bitter thoughts . from gnawing at her heart. But, now, she was glad to rise early 'and work late, with a 'glow'of satisfaction' in showing Hasledene what a famous manager she. was, while butter-making and bacon-curing re-, quired her whole attention. Also her woman's hopefulness, which dies hard,, had begun : sending out frosh green sprouts.'- She and her George were happy , together, might be so many years.- He would t reconcile ' himself, as she had done, -to the new situation) take many' burdohs off her shoulders of decisions conborning 'niatters upon- which she know little or nought. For already all questions as :to coming-crops oh their sixty aero 'farm, and ! the buying and selling of 'cattle, had: been referred'bp 'her' ' during , Hbsie'dene's ,'iilhess.' With' the - .'farm she hod taken on Philip's stock, besides adding somo horses and cattle from Book- hurst j this part of the business being arranged by arbitration, in which Mr. Butler acted .for !'herself, and Captain Batcliffe .for Pliilip Saxby. And. now— all hope was over for her llusband. When ho was carried by .his. stiimbling bearers, up the steps of -tho 1'o'w-arched doprway', . Catherine foresaw the pad— whether near or pro? longed. Withered were her foolish fan cies of an autumn of domestic bliss j romance, that had lingered long in her min'd- would, in: future -only.: adorn his memory. Her girlisli heart had been '' so'lbviug, yet' so high spirited ; the .woman's one so' patien6;: but riaelan- choly.V Oh, , to live all that time over again,- -to grapple with ugly, facts, not sit'dVeaming and wishing;, them 'other-.' wise. Were all, pen. and women, she' wondered, so disappointed with life. Poor Catherine ! " .Ob, ?the, ways of men,'' so sho made lie'r moan to ,Mr3. Butler, as they, two sat on the raised dais at the' end 'of .the parlour. This-Mrs. Saxby had converted iiito a small drawing- room with help of a square of hand- . worked rug,'' a - stiff settee and some ' high chain;. b So impetuous ! So 'wanting in reason ; .losing hundreds- at" gambling and llinging thousands after,- to got that back.: always mak- ing pad worse ;:-imperilling life that -is -bP precious to - their wives and children, " because,' forsooth, their honour is : breathed upon; See how ray -husband lias, brought mo to widowhood, wolitude, - for the rest of my years,, and my , son will' h» fatherless, ami the bo; > needs a strong hand, to curb him. Yes, to think my poor Georgo has brought his death upon himself.". She half closed her eyes, and wrung her poor,- tired hands together in her lap. ; Mrs. Butler did not try to.stop this outpouring of her friend's grieved heart) she. know. it- was a relief. Airs. Sax by went on," You alone have known, my sufferings' these, tern years, Lydia.. 1 haV.e had no other intimate friend. But even you , can never, know- — no ..one does, . Heaven knows I tried to be forgiving: and patient so ibng, but now'I am tirod ! I feel nothing, not even lovo .or pity for my: husband,;, nothing. I am- u hardened wretch y a stock or stone.. My own wickedness frightens me, Lydia. What shall. I do?" She did not cry, but still wrung her hands and kept turning her head from side to side. , i--. Mrs.- Butler attempted consolation. " Do nothing, my dear creature, except the 'duty that lies nearest to your hand. - Do' not .trouble how you feci, what you think'; ' remember your nature is sick and overstrained . bo- 'cause it cannot pear too heavy a load. Your want of sensibility is a blessing sent you, just as animals grow thicker coat in winter weather that would otherwise : freeze them, for. how could you mako yourself useful in nursing vour husbandall these many nights if ybur mind'.was'fully. alive to pain ?" " Ah, "you arp a. lucky woman, dear. You . married' a good liiatl ' and one whose cloth kopt 'liim' besides from many temptations. . You are to be on vied." ' : - | Silently Mrs. Butler pressed . her sorrowing friend's hand, and checked n rising sigh, for the .poor lady knew that her mortal-disease was .fast gain? ing upon. lior- and .that however, happy she had been-! with her .husband and family, her time tp'leav'p'-both wAs-near ing..; But she held'her peace:. . Hasledene was so ill that he mostly Jay in a state of . unconsciousness be tween dozing and waking, too weak for speech. V In his best moinents his returning strength r.w.as only . shown by .fretful ness from .'"excessive vpain, and qu'erulouscess when questioned because he' wished to hide his suffer- ings. . ' Night after night Catherine watched him upstairs in their wide but low- ceilitiged bedroom, where 'hn; lay on an old four-post bed, once handsomely carved but. now impaired by time. A rush- woven mattress was beneath him;' laid above the bed-cords, for a feather bed made him feverish. -The room had somo remains of panelling and wood-carving here and there that had, been suffered to fall into decay. I Except for two handsome ancient bride's chests and a bible-box, the fur niture was plain. "to ugliness. . Catherine Used tq set .the low, lattice window as , .wide, open-' as the- hasp would;nllow, letting in-'the April breeze and- fresh ' smell of sprihg flowers. 'This was . tlioir ' only luxury, and her dark . eyes . would" wancler . round tho small . room sighing for : the : spacious wainscotted eliamber. at-Book- hiirst that had been hers and, the com forts that' Hasledene now lacked. What use was'ibhinking.? She .set to knitting Dick's . socks- hastily by the meagre rushlight set in its. thin), long irbn.Yholder ; thus she /'practised economy, for, it was. a year.xhat had begun with sore distress,-- and— was likely to end in worse. .' And being conscientious, .the troubled woman was groping ig'iiorautly, so. to speak, along her -new path of povertyj more fearful- of its thorns and unknown. -pitfalls than those 'who wore '.accustomed "thereto.' , : ' Qne. night Hasledene roused more -than usual -after Catherine had givon hiin ' some beef- tea.' ; 'Rejoiced, 'yet 'partly fearful what this flickering up of strength might portend, she. bent to' catch-his feeble accents. . , " The' staircase is very narrow and crooked in this farmhouse, Catherine. How did they carry mo up here?" .. " We put a blanket , under you, George; it was -not so difflculi,- We learned- how to do it last time1 you were ill." - - . " But .they can't do. it next time, my coffin will, never get: round that- first corner, i Giles, must saw away the rail. ; . or "you yvill have to lowpr mo from the window by ropes." v' , -The-exortipn of talking made Has- -ledene." pause -for breath half way, otherwise he- -was contemplating- his 'liUit journey unmoved, only with the' wish to spare her future trouble:' ; . I . -"-My dear heart, don't-— don't, dis< 1 tress yourself." Catherine's tears that had been so long in coming now gushed from her eyes;', she; struggled- , in vain to keep ba'ok their torrent and had to turn away her .face. It was sho who, whB . sorbly distressed, and seeing this. tho sick- nian. grew troubled in a wondering sort of 'way,- caressed .lier arm with weak hands, then became Wandering in his brain.- He was worso that night, , CHAPTEE X. Dick, !as<has:bderi;sh,idj;was':6b good for one whole day after lie came home that, the servant maids' of the farm admired;.'and - marvelled,'- while Giles,' the yard. man w.hp. looked, after.- the cows, and was generally handy, grinned a largo grin of. doubt, and asked how. long the 'chango would last. ,- Short . -time wore . they, all left in suspense. The very next day, as Dick was going to play : at; the- Rectory, passing the Bookhui'et.park paling, ho espied- his .cousin Richie looking, out from behind a - small , gate whioli led towards- the church, and being seldom used was kept lookedi ' l: Ricliio began shuffling his feet; in a' dance of triumph', and pulling faces. ".Wouldn't you .-like -to- corno in, wouldn't:you? .- But I -am'' the young master hero now." ..I'll invite you sometimes: but 'remember, you can't coipo without leave.", . \- " I'll thrash you," ' quoth Dick,- in :a rage; '.' Como-'out ond fight." ' But to -,this''Ricfri4 Wbuld'hjdt be persuaded.. In stric'fc'faifness' it must be admitted that in former days Dick's own '.behaviour-had been-, -.pretty much the same to his then less fortunate cousin! Nowlthe' tables were turned, and jie did not like , the chango of position. > . -That' nighb - Molly.-. going, into the dairy nearly 'died - (so 'Bhe; declared later)' with fright on seeing a'.'Tiorrible Avliite face with fiery . eyes glaring at her. Siie fell ' down and-, kicked vio lently, as was then fashionable for finer ladies' when attacked -frith hysterics. Giles ..rah'1 to' her aid, Dick alsoappear- ing,..suBp.iciously in the. nick. of. time. Giles-., valiantly hit out./at the' bogie, whicli fell -with "-a. clatter, rot vealing a long brush draped in Molly's own' shawl, and a scooped turnip., head.-, with ;.-'candlo, ends stuck in its eye sockets, The loud guffaws of Giles and - Master Dick be trayed their evil doings; and when Molly, scolded (the lattor later on (after some scuffling with Gilos, pro ducing sounds of hearty slaps and kisses), Dick., imporbinently- replied that she was so bgly Gilts would never marry her. - : ' , . . ' . .The .folio wing evening towards, sup per -time' Dick,- straying along the lanes, "went afTfar as the "Rbbkhurat gate, close 'to 'tlie big house. ,'. " A great feeling of, soiitarihess oppressed . the poor little fellow, aiid. hp had simply sneaked' there to lOok doWn af' the - old home that, 'was.' 'his Paradi'te Lost, hoping not to" meet anybody who might guess his secf.et,,- errand. .Heyday 1 whom should he-see-coniingbut of tlie gate butthisj'disp'oilerV'Ri'chie, 1 leading Lucy Jenmngs by the hand) 'escorting her ho.me, indeed): after, a happy after noon's birdrnesting; together. t ' -T-he littl maid'!- was; trotting along demurely!in' AhhebdsergB'-'.ffb'cl: 'and poke' bonnet,-, while a bag 'worked, with ribbon , strings hung" from h,er arm containing .blown; spoils; Dick's do? testable rival, was gay in a new blue jacket, with tails, And a luce frill on his shirt;' while our hero was conscious of a, very old, and somewhat ragged brown suit. . -" Where are you going ?" lie- de manded/stopping short in front bf them. ' '-! Here Lucy,' I'll take you home with in e. Let go. his hand." " . "You' get out,'.': rotorted'-Bichic. " She's : under my 1 care. We don't want you. G-o back and.feed the pigs. Miss Murdoch says . that nature : cut you.out.for a farmer's boy.'1, . Miss : Murdoch' was the ' maiden elderly cousin whom Philip Saxby had .on'gaged after his wife's.death to act as his housekeeper. A shrewish woman, but- devoted to -" his; interests, and. so ugly, -to speak plain truth, " that scan dal had never wagged' a tongue against tho arrangement. ..- Dick's wrath rose inside him like a hot blast,- his heart was a fiery fur nace. What I ' this -puny, pink-eyed chap dare to . insult him.; -this cur, whom ho used to patropise, roughly enough it is true, but- with no such tnunts as these:- He tore off his jacket, I'jl fight you for. this. You must fight or el.se you're a . coward." Then 'with- a ' fatherly I'solemnity to -Lucy, : who looked on big-eyed :' "'You must go ayray,'',; he .briefly desired," this is no place for little girls." She shan't go;" Richie was not. fond by -nature of fighting,-' but -his iinportaiw,'') in -Lucy's feyeB, . in ,liis own ."estimation,'' was ' at .stake,. and he waAjiplifted with,;pride. Disdaining to. strip off'-hisifine .coat he madoa'suddefi"fuBli'ulpoh'hi8eriemy. \- ' Next instant' a!'sore And bloody fight began. Kicks,, cuffs. ;and . ifes'tlings folio wed,., with sobbings for breath and out-cries. At last both foes fell by ' the side oftlie .hedge, rolling ovel- and over) Then came a sharp howl from Dick j Richie's teeth r.hqd paet! in .the fleshy part of .his arm, ., and Dick ro- 't-aliated by pounding his assailant's 'head'' upon- the- road. 1 It ' was not a preft'y sight. '. . , Lucy, who had- been, crying ' and ' running vainly /round the. combatants hitherto, could bear it no lonjjer.' She -fled down the Rookhurst'drive, scream ing' at) the top, of. her , voice, . huggipg Dick's jacket, which; she had picked up, tightly to her breast. - Now, .Rook- hurst Iloiise lay close under the slope down whioh the short, drive wound, so her cries were quickly, .hoard, , Miss .'Murdoch, happened to be standing out- ; side -the side door at that /very! minute, rating two' careless maids for; throwing 'broken cliiiia into the B.table shrubbery. / " '(TO 11 COSillNtTEDi) ' Looking up Dick saw a miserably clad, sbock-lmirod and undersized specimen of liumamty. . . . " Hi, you tlicro ! " cried tlio boy, "Can you get somo men to help my pony' out of this 'ditclip IIo has lmrt himself." . . , .. ' ; Hurt bimsolf ! He; ho, bo!" Tho man sat doivn on tho edgo of the ditch, and poorod over at itB occupant, dangling his legs. Yes, tho pony lias lliirt him'SOlf,' sul'oly. . ; , . " He's dead ; dead as your fathor." — chapter 'xii. ' 