WEST TORREXS. On Tuesday evening a meeting of tho elec tors of West Torrens was held in the Hind marsh Town Hall to hear tho candidates fur tho representation of tho district in tho forth cioinuig J'lirlianieut expruss their views. .Mr. J. Ashton, J.P., presided. Thero was a very largo attendance, aud amongst the audience wero many ladies. Each candidate was id lowed half an hour in which to speak. Mr. Vahoox congratulated the ladies upon the; extension of tho frauchiso to them — a measure which he had always advocated. Hu expa-ssed his determination to conduct the campaign in an honourable spirit. Ho would vilify no man's character and imjieach no man's motive, ho that whatever the result hu might look l-ack upon it without regret. Hu announced bimsoll as an absolutely indcixm dent candidate, teing run by no party or association. While neither Socialist nor Communist, his motto was — 'Tho good of all under the leadership of thu wisest aud the best.' He deprecated tho idea held by some people that an employer was the natural enemy of tho worker, and reminded them of the service he had rendered to tho workers during tho tanners and curriers' strike six years ago, quoting, letters of high appreciation from tlio Premier, Mr. KingBtou, and others us to thu service he had rendered on that occasion. In speaking upon the policy of thu Government as an nounced by the Premier ho expressed himself in favour of federation upon a democratic basis, and hoped tho matter would Ihj calmly discussed while free from any outside dangers; that the foundations would bo laid broad and deep, upon which should bo raised a noble, superstructure resulting in an Australian nation developed on tho lines of liberty and justice. He was in favour t-f federal defence and intercolonial free trade. Kcfcrriug to taxa tion and tinanco he said rigid economy was the right keynote. They had begun with tho Governor's salary, and a reduction of '2-- per cent, on Ministerial salaries ought to follow. He rejoiced in tho better times that seemed to hi* approaching, and hoped that the exemp tion in the income tax would be raised to at least £150. Ho would endcavonr to abolish tho progressive land tax and make up with an all round increase. He was in favour of rendering all possiblo help to tho producer, whether farmer, dairyman, gurd'.-ner, miner, or squatter, and would endeavour to ojxjn up markets so as to bring the producer into direct contact with tho consumer. Ho would open wido tho doors of the Agricultural College so that young men should bo able to equip themselves for going on to the soil by learning the best ]-ossible systems of cultivation. In reference to the villago settlements, while approving of tho motive which led to their establishment, he believed that foundiug them upon communistic principles was a mistake, and unless thcro was a chango in the system the residue left on tho banks of thn Mnrray would bo very small in deed. Ho would endeavour to reorganize them on sound Hne3. Ho was in favour of tho rail way to Koppcrnroanna and the erection of a new railway station in Adelaide, He would also favour thu extension of tho deep drainage, but could not sec his way at present to sanction the expenditure of £150, 000 on a graving dock. The plant and appliances of the railway work shops should be utilized to their f.illcst oxtent in tho manufacture of articles required in the servico. Ho strougly advocated tho develop ment of the pastoral and mineral raj.ourcei of the Northern Territory. JJc was in favour of reform in the Public Service, and would re move inequalities between oUicers on tho fixed and pro. and tern, list ; give increased pay for increased responsibilities ; nnd, all things being: equal, promote tho man longest iu the servicy. Ho looked upon the State B.mk as an experi Tnent, and wa3 prepared to test it upon its own merits. Ho would sec how it worked before promising to extend its functions. He was strongly in favour of tho present system of State education, but would honour tho verdict of the electors .is expressed by the result of the referendum. Wiiijo not in favour of Stato life insurance or fire insurance he would like to sec provision made for old-age pensions arid annuities. Ho was opposed to loweriug thu qu.il ideation or shortening tho term for thu Legislative Council, but would extend tho franchise to leaseholders and occupiers as indicafjd by the Premier. Elective Ministries Iia looked upon as a very doubtful experiment, but thought there was a good deal in favour of thu biennial retirement of one-half the i'arlia meat. licferriug to thu pro|.--**.il Japa nese treaty he said every provision should bo mado against n Japanese invasion, but it would bo a good tliiug for South Aus tralia if wo could open up a market in the East for our wool, wheat, and fruits, taking in return the natural products, such as rice-, &e.;, of that country. By all means let us have law reform— equal laws for ri'-ii and jKjor— and tho process of law cheapened in every way. Ho was in favour of loc.il option with a two- thirds majority, and alio in favour of bringing clubs under the t-:i|-crvisiou of tho police, £O as to prevent the illegal salo of liquor. His desire was to help forward every law thai libido for rightwiuhiiess, and i.i do everything for the moral and material welfare of the eommuaity. (Cheer?.) Mr. T. II. Bkookku, received with great ai-plm-e, sr.id hi.1 had i-omct hing to do with thu pa-vagi: of the woman's franchise., and ho was glad to see how it w.*-s utilized by the ladie.s. A man after six years' Parliamentary work would tind that he h:td sonic enemies. Ho did not know but what it was a good thin/, because it .showed that an independent cour.-o had been taken. From tin- knowledge the electors had of him, whether he belonged to a party or not, they knew that he would support all measures for the benefit of the whole population. He had answered every platform that had been sent to him, and he was prepared to stand by his answers. He was in favour of abolishing the stock lax and avuinst the constriction of thr Ivoppci auianna Kailway. lie hud Lccn told that h'.1 lx:!ons;ed to the National Defence l/cugii'1, but when he w.ts told that a blind man had seen certain print he felt thero was nothing in it. (Laughter.) Federation nm-t Ik- laid nu true foundations or it would go to tho -.vail. Tt would have to Ui submitted to tlio people for approval Itcloru no would support it. They had also to consider what t'.te other colonies were prepared to do iu thi.-* mr.Uer. It had been said in some quarters that this question had U-en brought forward to counteract some of the liberal movements of the present day. In roirard to taxation he re grett.sl t'na: ihis subject hud not received greater attention at the hands of the Govern ment. He referred to the millions borrowed, and advocated tho pavmuni of loans as they fell due, as they could now borrow at a loss r.iteof interest nnd Itualile to save alxnit £'-.\i«i!) l«-r annum. Mi: quoted figures to prove this. 1 lii was glad to see that tho rate of taxation was lowerini;. .Some years ago it was £! 111*. Sd. jit head, nnd now it was only £1 2s. lid. He bulii-VLfl in developing the Northern Terri tory, lie put his foot down on what wa* called 'suitable labour.' Ho said suitable, labour was English labour, and ho would .support nothing else. (Loud appl.ar.s?. ) He w.us glad that thu Premier had declined to asn-fl to a treaty with Japan. (Cheers.) He !n.-licvcd in the State Bank, and could not ico how is was going to benefit tho capitalists; if that was so how was it that they opposed it so strenuously? He bcliovctl it would prove a boon to tho colony. In regard to the villago settlements he was proud of them, and he agreed with the Premier when he said that thov opened up new lands in South Australia. If only a residue of the present settlers were left on the banks of the Mnrray they would havo done a pood work. Whether they were continued onindividualistic lines or otherwise co-operation would lio neces sary. Help would havo to bo granted to en courago settlement, and he would lie prepared to support it. He waa oppo-sed to the further sale of Crown lands. Ho favoured, however, leasing them. He behoved in their consolida tion, and that siittleinentshoiild be. expedited, thus doing away with so much red tape. (lle:ir, hear.) Hu wanted tl.o election Jay to Ik- ditlared a ]iu!i!ii: holiday. _ He w:is not in favour of bi-annual elections. This v/.-iS not .a joor mans move. There was worry rnotigh over a thren years' election. '(Laughter.) Jin would support a graving dock at 1'ort Adelaide, a.« ho always had done. It would indirectly bring in a great amount of trade, a:id the luck of one luadeus a second-rato colony. Jn regard to the fim in-iurancij, they wero too heavily taxed. Ho favoured a State system of insurance, *o as to prevent foreign Companies reaping tho benefits of our insuraneo. Ho would supixirt elective Ministries. He thought this would l»o prefer able to tho prrxent mode of appointment. Jn regard to the Adelaide Hospital, ho would, favour the appointment of a pcrinaucnt staff, aud so stop all the prusont commotion. It should be run by a small Advisory Board. Ho would abolish tho ticket system. All appointments and promotions should bo made by a Civil Service Board, which would promote those deserving iu tho service and on proper lines. (Hoar, hear.) Ho advocated muving the Destitute Asylum into the country. (Hear, hear, and dishc-nt.) 1 te was prepared to move in the direction of a Usury Bill to prevent tho grinding of tho poor by heavy interest. (Cheers.) He believed in the prevention of crime rather than tho punish ment of it, and in this resjject he quoted Dickens on the laws of England in regard to game and vagrancy. (Cheers.) Hu wanted tho people lifted up, nnd ho wa« pre|Kired to vote for all measures that were for the good of humanity. (Cheers.) Mr. F. J. Houmoan, received with applause and three cheers, said ho had been uuanunously selected for the second time- in succession to contest the district in tho interests of labour. 1 Iu went through tho platform of the Labour Party F.criatim. With regard to stopping tho further alienation of Crown lands, hu said tho position of many of thu farmer.; was littlo better than that of serfs. If tho land of tho colony wero thrown opeu freely it could l-e taken up with much lietter results than :it present prevails. All tho best lands of tho colony were getting into fewer and fewor hands. Were they going to allow that to continue. (Xo! no!) Thero had novcr yet been a Government with sufficient courage to includu in its policy the remission of the duties on necessaries of life which could not bo pro duced here, the deficiency lobo made up by an all-round increase in tho land tax of one penny in the ixmnri. The increased land tax would not, as it was alleged, full upon .small strug gling farmers. There were at present 40,277 land-tax payers iu South Australia, of whom *i-,lii3, or considerably more than half, owned land values from £1 to £*J«JO. They would by tho proposed tux of Id. in tho pound and remission of duties |xiy from Id. to Mis. 8d. each, and would bo re lieved of taxation up to tho extent of about -13. per head of tho family. Tho in urcased taxation would fall upon absentee'. Mortgage Companies, Banks, and owners of valuable lands. Ho w;is pleased tliat the Govcnimeir. had included in its policy tho principle embodied in tiio Act known us Part 1!), and ho hoped that several obnoxious clauses which had Ik- couio inserted in thu Bill hu had introduced hkst .session would bo re moved. Hu was of opinion that thero was nothing for it but to introdu-jo legislation to secure early closing, but ho would leave it to the people to say exactly how. He was in favour of the amend men t of the Liens Act. In tho past thcro had been cases in which workmen had been robbed of their wages. (No ! Yes !) The workmen should havo a first charpo of tho land and also of tho property. Ho desired to hasten the coming of tho day when tho millionaire and tho pauper would ccaso to be produced. (Loud applause.) Mr. B. Gould, received with cheers, said ho desired to express his pleasure, at seeing so many ladies present. (Oh! aud applause.) Ho was not a now convert to the women's suffrage movement. He was an indej-eudeut candidate. (Oh, my.) He was not associated with tho Labour Pnrty. ('They would not havo you.') Tho party certainly had worse men, hu thought. Hu was also not connected with tho National Defence League. (Oh!) Hu thought a member should feel he was representing tho v.-holo district. (Cries of — 'Givo us your policy.') A brotherhood of man based on mere senti inunt was not going to accomplish much in tho way of social refonu. Ho deeply regretted the spirit of antagonism which was manifested to-day between the two forces of capital and labour. (Hear, hear.) Ono of tho most im portant duties of the coming Parliament would be to put tho finances straight. Ho would warmly support making tho land laws at- liberal as poshible. It was cause, for regret that so much land had been thrown up within tho last few vcara. He would allow outside lands to be' taken up at a niero nominal rental on tho condition that they would bo used. He had always advocated the home stead-block system. iTho land chosen for blocks should bo within easy distance of centres of1 population. Tlie villago settle ments as yet he regarded as l-cing in an experimental stage. It would have been wiser to have confined attention to two or three settlements. Fede ration was a goal which must be kept in viow, and he quite, agreed with the basis propounded by the Premier. Hu would support any public works which could bo shown to be reproduc tive. He was quito prepared to laako the land bear its proportion of taxation, but not tlie wholo of it. If it were nccessnry to encourage the Queensland trade, the iniquitous stock tax, which hn voted against, would not further their object. Ilu was not quite sura with regard to tho advisablenc&s; of con structing the Hergott to Kopi-ommana rail way. Ho was also not sure whether it would Ixi 'wiso to introduce tho system uf elect ivo Ministries. It would be hotter to compel Ministers to go before their constituents for re-election. Six years ago ho had advocated tho introduction of the referendum. Ilo theught in all questions where it was difficult to arrive at a conclusion in the House it would bo wise to refer thorn to tlio jwoplc. Ilo favoured tho proposed reform of tho Legis lative Council. (Cheers.) Mr. BlUNTiT hoped he would not bo con demned for being a jx-or ni.in. lio came for ward in the interests of lnlxmr. Ho was a candidate, although he did not beliovo ho had a ghost of a show. (Laughter and ;onie coin motion, when the speaker said, 'Hear my policy.') He wanted a fair tield and no favour. They wanted no comprehensive scheme, of legislation. It was only necessary to find plenty of work at fair wages, and tlm natural result would bo progress f nun depression to pros)K-rity. (Cheers.) The working class, in his opinion, were the most important class of the community, in fact, the others wero not worthy of consideration. (Laughter and inter ruption.) The interruption being continued, a vote, was taken as to whether the candidate should bo heard, and resulted in the affirmative. Mr. Bit.\M-T tried again, but find ing some difficulty iu making himself heard, he retired, A number of questions were put to the can didates and answered. Mr. Gould was aski.-d a personal question ns to tho lato Hospital Board, and defended his actions whilo a memljcrof that body. An orderly meeting dLs|M;rscd after votes of thanks to tho Chair man aud the candidates. 