SOUTHERN NEWS BY OUR OWN REPORTERS Hobart. HOBART, Saturday. The marriage of Major Dease, late 7th Royal Fusiliers and cousin of Lord Gormanston, and Miss Florence Marley, who has for some time past acted as governess to the vice- regal children, will take place from Government House on the 3rd prox., the ceremony being performed at St. Mary's Cathedral by Bishop Delaney and assisting priests at 9.30 a.m. on that date. Lady Gorman ston, who, with his Excellency the Go vernor, will act in loco parentis to Miss Marley on her wedding morning, will entertain a few of their personal friends of the bride and bridegroom at lun cheon at noon, and the happy pair will leave for the Ouse by the one o'clock train, thence to proceed a step further on their journey to spend a quiet rural honeymoon. Miss Marley's only brides maid will be his Excellency's little daughter (and Miss Marley's late pupil), the hon. Ismay Preston, while Mr Raw linson, private secretary, will act as "best man" to the bridegroom. An unusual request was made at yes terday's sitting of the City Police Court during the hearing of a case of larceny of poultry. The solicitor appearing for the defendants asked that two of them might retire while the other made a statement. The request was at first agreed to, but subsequently the Police Magistrate withdrew the permission granted, and the defendants were con victed. The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) will address meetings on "Federation" on the East Coast early next month. There are any number of amuse ments provided for Monday next, the chief of which will be a race meeting at Brighton, where a committee of sports men have organised a meet. Marine excursions and other attractions are notified, so that if the weather is fine an enjoyable outing will result. At yesterday's meeting of the Hobart Marine Board the Surveyor-General wrote stating that it was the intention of the Government, acting upon the re commendation of Mr Surveyor Flanag an, to reduce the present lighthouse re serves on King Island. The proposed reduction was to leave a reserve of about 300 acres of Crown land at each of the lighthouses. It was absolutely necessary for the Government to have jetty accommodation at Currie Har bour, and for that and other purposes it was proposed to reserve portion of the land near Currie Har bour. It was decided to refer the letter to the lighthouse committee to bring up report. Warden Fisher moved-"That all hulks using any wharf or moored within the port of Hobart for the pur poses of trade shall pay a charge of 2d per ton register per month up to but not exceeding a maximum of £5, such charge to be paid monthly in advance to the Collector of Customs." In moving the motion he said he thought it was only fair the hulks using the wharves should pay for that accommodation. At present they were paying no rent, while they were competing in the coal trade with the retail coal merchants of the city. He thought the owners of the hulks could not object to pay a fair share towards the cost of the mainten ance of the piers. Warden Jorden sec onded the motion, and held that it was manifestly unfair that the owners of the coal hulks should compete in the trade and pay nothing for doing so. Warden Evans said the hulks were a convenience to the public. In the first place to river steamers who had been able to get their coal placed on board at their convenience, and for that the wharf is not touched at all; but still the Marine Board got 8d per ton wharfage. The public gained an advantage by it. Through the coming of the hulks here the price of coal had been greatly re duced, whilst the wharfage had been largely increased by the consumption of coal; and during the last year Messrs Huddart, Parker, and Comoany had paid £ 125 in wharfage. The dealers also were greatly benefited by the coal hulks. Nearly all the steamers coming here wanted coal, no less than 12,260 tons of coal finding their way into these steamers from the hulks. and to place that on board £1200 odd were paid for labour. And Warden Fisher wanted to do away with all that by placing an excessive license on them.He would ask, what did thxe sailing ves sels pay for wharfage? Timber wore away a wharf far quicker mnnn any thing else, and yet sailing vessels could occupy the wharf for months and pay nothing for their maintenance. In Melbourne the owners of hulks paid. to the Customs £1 for each hulk per annum. In Sydney they paid nothing, and In Wellington (New Zealand) the largest only paid £10 per ananin. He held that those facts proved conclusive-' ly that it was an excessive rate that It was desired to move. He thought that every inducement should be held out to ships to come here. He believed the motion had been moved without the consideration it warranted being given it. They should not be obstructionists in the way of shipping. The Dixon v. Henry and others law suit saw its sixteenth day's sitting to day,and is quite likely to run into Tues day and Wednesday of next week. The proceedings of this week have been tak en up with the defendants' case, to gether with counsels' addresses. When the court adjourned to-day Mr Bryant was addressing the bench, and it is con sidered he will have several hours more to devote to his client. The court has been crowded with ladies throughout the week, and to-day the question was pertinently asked, "What interest can they take in a dry-as-dust legal argu ment?" The following public works tenders have been accepted (the amounts of tenders for road works are approxi mate, being calculated at schedule prices):-Road, St. Mary's to Scamand er, contract 3, Leckie, Leckie, and Leckie, £98 16s Gd; road, Bismarck to selections of Klug, Appledorff, Darko, Waller, and others (road to Coady's), contract 7, F. Gall, £8 Os Gd; roads, Oyster Cove and Three Hut Point dis trict, road to M. Torpy's selection, con tract 30, D. J. Hart, £6 16s 10d; road, parish of Bagot, road to G. Allsopp's selection, contract 5, Curtain and Cross, £43 4s 9d. Some senseless person has lately been what is familiarly called "acting the ghost" in the disused St. George's burial ground. Numbers of females have been frightened at the appearance of the figure in white, and efforts are being made to catch the perpetrator of the so called joke. A meeting of shareholders in the V.D.L. Bank will be held in the Masonic Hall at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, when the liquidators will explain the nature of the settlements made in the accounts of Mr John Henry and the Don Trading Company, about which there has been so much public comment. HOBART, Sunday. The weather to-day was beautifully fine, and promises to continue over to morrow. 