That Unusual J\'oisc. A.: ''What is tbe matter with you this morning ?" I>.: " I didn't slcef well last night. There was an unusual noise iu iny room." " Did it wake you up 1" "Yea; any unuaual noiee wakes me up." " What WBS the unusual noife?" " Well, you seo my wife never scolds dur* ing tbe day, but stores up all her resentment, like this stored electricity." " But ycu were speaking ef an unucal noise during the night. ' " Just eo. I'm coming to tbat. You see, I'm so used to ber scolding that it acts upon me like an opiate* As long as she }aws I sleep like a top." ' ' " But what was the unusual none V* " Well, she began jawing and I fell attli ep as usual, and I would have slept ail right if it had not been for tue unusual noise." " What unusual noise T" . " She quit talking." Ha: " Nic3 night, isn't it V good night." Hhe: " res' llorsEMAii) (new to the inctrumentj: "•Somtbody ringin* at de bellophone, marm." "la Mr. Brown at home?'" Servant: " Yes, sir ; you will find him at hu club." LIKTKNTIFK MEMORY : " I fancy I've seen that face before." " Yes, that's the wny I wear it." A SMART schoolboy has defined the word 1 4 Dormitory " ae a plkce where you tty to Bleep, and can't. MAN? a coffin is covered with roses by hands that never beforb gave its occupant anything but thorns. YHAST: " Do you play chess?" CriroBcnbeak : Well, no ; I c»n't say that I play it. I work at it occasionally." " I HKAii your husband is quite gallant- Do you ever find any letters in his pocket?'* " Only the ones I give him to mail." SOCIKTY is where people who were poor twenty-five years ago tell of tbe pltbeian origia of their neignlora and conceal thur own humble beginnings. Sow in the parlor meet the pair, When golden day ia done. Two forms with but one rockicf, chair, Two hearts thet beat as one. SMITHKHQ (reading sign): 'Hands cff.' The poor idiots 1 Do they think anyone could look at that statue and not know tbe hands were of! ? ' HE could box and run and kick the ball With fine athletic aira ; But he couldn't heed the family call To carry coal upstairs. " WHO was that ringing at the t/ont door last night?" "Tho policeman." " Whu did he want f" "He wanted tL«j baby to Btop crying. It kept him awake." CUSTOMER: I Bay, uncle, how long have you bad these new-laid eggs iu fctock ?" Ita8tufl : " I dunno exactly, boce. You Me, I'ae only been wu'kin' hear ^Hiionth. ' Mn. SOKKK: ' Funny how one forgets one's Latin ami Greekl I can't remember n<y ' hie, haec, hoc,' even." MtB. H. : •• F think you remember jour ' hie' pretty well.' OH, would I were a bird I" tbe eaog. And the young man leaned his head wearily upou his hand, and murmured : "Would you were, and tho window were open." " THEI;K must be a lire somewhere," said Jinks. " Why. I didn't hear tUe bells,'' paid Suicks. " Nor 1replitd .ln.ks, " but I JU£» saw a ineaee'iger boy running." " I HKAH your coachman ran t ff witli t: 109 of your mon»>.v. Aro you going to try lo recover it?" " So, the poor fellow will need it; my daughter w»nt with hiiu." CKN.SI:S TtxKu (to middle-aped female): "How oid are you, madam?" Female: "I have, ahem, seen nineteen summers." " Have you alwaya lived in the tropics» '' Miss AMY , " And do you admire Misa Tracers, Mr. lioslin?" "Yes—awl'iy U She'a so un'ike all other girlB, don't-oherknow ]" UKECUER (who has pulled a man out ot tbe water): " GraciouH 1 Your head is bleedh'g. How did yo i cut it ?" , Kejcutd Man ; " Oa the watei's f;dgp, I guese." "Do great calamities move in cyoleB"" asked Brown. " The.'- frequently do lo bicycles " said Smithers, who bad recently left three layers of his nasal cuticle on m macadamised road. Fouu; "1 went to hear GusherleigD preach last Sunday." Brown : " Why, I thought you hated to bear him ?" " So I. do , but it vas bis farewell sermon. 1 went out of pure gratitude." YBS. Augustus, we believe it is better tr» have loved and lost than never to bava loved at all. It is better for the jeweller, and the florist, and the messenger boy—and sometimes for the lawyers. "A I'ENNT for your thoughts," exalaimed Miss Gertie lo young M Goosely. " Oh, aw \---I don't want to wob ycu like that, donohar know," replied M'Goosely, and then ht couldn't tee why everybody laughed BO uproariously. HB (at midnight)' " Funny custom the Chineee have. Tbe hostess is expected to notify tbe caller when it is time to go." Sha (with a sigh) : " But we are in Australia, yoa. know." MISB LOVSLOIIN : " iBn't this a preity valentine Mr. De Garry #ent me/" Miss Cauetique : " It' s the very cue he sent' mb last year. I returned it with all hit letters when our engagement was broken off." TEACHES : " Willie, how wouM you feel it you should ask somebocy fur bread and be given a stone T.' Willie (a jeweller's son): If it was no better than tne one on yout shirt front I'd feel awful." '• I «AT» this evening been preaching to a congregation of idiots," said a conceited young parson. " Then tbat was tbe reason you always call tbem 'beloved brethreh /'" said a strong-minded young woman. GTJOST (at a seance): Do you recoghis* me?" Mrs. Topper (confidentially) : "Yes, you are my late husband, John Topper." Ghost (surprised) : "How did you frnow me?" Mrs. Topper (firmly); "X Bmelt your breath, John." TBAMP : " It ia needlesa to aek the ques< tion, ma'lam. You know what I want." Lady : " Yee, 1 know what you want, badly, but I've only one bar of eoap in th« houee, and the servant is using it. Coma again some other time." " No." remarked Jonesby enthusiastically, " there's nothing like tbe hot watec oar*, It will brace a man up when all other r*< mldies fail—er—Mrs. Slimdiet. just let ml tare a eup of tea : if ;ou pleaa« 2" 