The story UiltiT.. A PEARL BEYOND PRICE Continued from Wednesday's issite.) CHAPTER LXVI. 7 THE COPBR HALT. OHOBl.*1 *^1 wonder what's become of Miss Bedford 1' B&id; t)ie cook at Mrs. Brandon's, as she sat with he* fellow-servants, enjoying the genial warmth o! the fire before retiring to rest. It was about half-past ten, and probably to Bolten Edward the hard, the stewpan was in use, Btyjl steaming mugs of hot-spiced liquid were nosing rcom iime, 10 iioie appuea w upb. ?' Married lon£.beforfe this, I should, think,' , |Blud'ihe housemaid, tossing her head: ' Fou don't suppose she's like some people T know, going on shilly-shallying year after year as if they never meant to get married at all 11 4- Never you mind about that,' said Edward, gruffly : u perhaps we shall get married when it suits us, and perhaps we shan't. I don't see rio fan in going away from a good home and a good imiasns. to hard lines, and soendinc all your savings like some people as ain't old enough to know better ' ' Docs fgtissus ever talk a' out her, Miv Edd&rd;?' said Cook, persuasively. ' Not often,' said Edward : 44 but 1 know one thiag, she ain't bod a letter from her for ever so long, now.' ' How do you know?' said the housemaid. 'How do I know?' exclaimed Mr. Eddard, .contemptuously. 'Why don't I sec all the envelopes; and can't I tell that way? But there's something wrong about her, I believe, for there came a letter about a fortnight or three weeks ago, and it seemed to cut misFU6 up a good deal, and I beard her say something out aloud.' ' What did she say ?' said Cook and Maiy in ft breath, for the recounter had stopped. '* Well I didn't catch it all,' said Edward, speaking in his mug : but it was something like : ? Gone with Mr. Bray ? Impossible ! ' V But what made her say. that?' exclaimed Oook. . i ? 44 Why, from what she read in a letter from London, to be sure, stupid. Why else should she say it?' u There, didn't I tell you so !' exclaimed Cook, triumphantly. ** What are you up to now ?' said Edward, in a tone of gruff contempt. ' What do you mean?' 'Why, I always thought she'd have Mr. Bray, as was so wonderful attractive. Why, Mrs. Pottles, down at the Seven Bells, has told me lots of tunes, about how be used to come and put his horse up there, and then follow . her about.' ' Humph !' ejaculated Edward. ' When did yoa see Mother Pottles last ?' 41 Yesterday,' 6&id; Cook. 44 And she said she thought that Pottles (would take the twenty pounds off the. goodwill, and ? ' 'Why didn't you tell mc.^o before? ' said Edward, grntiJy. 44 Because she said Mr. l'ottles would come over and see yuu, and you do snub me so for interfering.' ' Humph !' ejaculated Edward again. 14 What, you are going to have the Seven Bells then?' said the housemaid. 1 Oh, I am glad ; it will be nice ! And you'regoing to be married, after all.' 44 Don't you be in a hurry,' growled Edward. 44 We ain't gone y«t ; and perhaps we shan't go at all, so now then. There goes ihe bell ?, now then, clear off. Missus is going to bed.' *' Did you fasten tbe side door, Mr. Eddard ?' said tbe housemaid. — : 44 Slipped the top bolt, that's all,' said the footman, as he went to answer the bell. 44 Let's lay them 'bits of lace out on tbe lawn, Cook, and leave 'em all night; the frost '11 bleach 'em beautiful,' said the housemaid* 44 Ah ! so we might,*' said Cosk, and, taking one wet, Iwisted- upscrapsjof lace from a basin, Cook and housemaid tied their handkerchiefs round their necks, placed their apron over tlieir heads, and ran down a passage, unbolted the side door, and went over the gravel drive to lay the lace upon the front lawn. 44 I'll pop out and take them in when I light tbe breakfast-room fire,' said the housemaid. 'My ! what a lovely night; it must be full j moon.' 44 Scr-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-eech — screech — screech !'' went the oook. 44 Scre-e-e-e-e-e ch-h-h-h !' went the house- , maid, giving vent to a -hrill cry that would have i made a locomotive engine burst in despair ; and, still screaming, 'the two women clung together, and backed slowly to ihe house, ran down the passage to the kitchen, shrieking still, where the cook sank into a eMail-, which gave way be neath her, aud she fell heavily on the floor. 44 Are yoj mud, Mary — Cook? What is the matter?' exclaimed Mrs. Brandon, running into the kitchen, chamber-candlestick in hand, closely followed by Edward. J4 They are mad - both on 'etn !' growled the footman. '* A ghost -a ghost !' panted Mary, shudder ing, and pointing towards the passage. 44 A ghost!' exclaimed Mrs. Brandon con temptuously. 14 You foolish wickcd women ! How dare you alarm the children with such ridiculous — such absurd, old grandmothers' notions ? You've been out, I suppose ?' 4* Yes —yes!' 6obb«d Mary, covering her, blanched face with her hands. 44 And yi'U saw something white, I suppose, in the moonlight ?' 44 Is — n— n — o, 'm ! It was a black one, all but the horrid face with the moon on it. *' Edward,' said Mrs. Brandon, 44 some one has been trying to frighten them, and they have left the passage door open. You are not afraid ?' 44 How should I know till I see what it's like 1' growled Edward. ?' Anyhow I'll go and see.' '* I'll go with you,' said Mrs. Brandon. Edward led the way to where the moonlight was streaming in through the open door, when he started back against his mistress, forcing ber into the kitchen. 44 There is something, mum!' he said hoarsely, ' and I think I am a little afraid. No —no, 'ra, you shan't go. I'll go first. I can't stand that, if I am frighted.' He again made a step in advance, for Mrs. Brandon was about to take the /jots; but the next moment, mistress and man drew involun tarily back, as, slowly, as if feeling its way throagh some thick darkness, hands etretcbcd out, palms downward, to their fullest oxient, head thrown back, wild eye? staring straight before it, and fane unnaturally pale, came to wards them a figure draped in black. On, and on, in a strange unearthly way, rigid as if of marble, came the figure across the -great kitchen, and, in spite of herself, Mrs. Brandon felt a strange thrill pass through her, as s.he slowly gave way ; but followed still hy the figure through the open door into thn hall; whew, reason re-assuring itself, she sat down the1 candlestick upon the marble slab., and .nod firm till the figure came close up lo her, and . he took two cold, stonv hands in her. 44 Ella, my child !' she gasped. It was as though those three words has -1U- eotaed 4 spell, for the strange eyes slowlv cloned, B faint dawning as of a smile relaxed the i i-id ; features ; and, as the white lips parted, there 33ame forth a loud sigh as of relief, and then the ; form sank slowly down till it was supported only by«th« grasp Mrs. Brandon maintained upon the : hands. 'Here I Quick! Help, Edward {'exclaimed Mrs. Brandon, blushing (or her excpsanle dread. 44 -Good Heavens, what infamy has been prac tised that this poor child should seek refuge here in snch a plight 1 Edward ! 44 I'm here,, ma'am,' said the hard footman, smttinfi himself heavily nnnn thnchppl;. ' That. I should have been sucb a fool I But 'twas enough to startle ? ' 44 Man man ! don't talk,' cried his mistress. ' Kan to Mr. Tiddson, he is the nearest; and don't tell him to come, but bring him. Da you hear?— &nn-;? hint !' 44 That I just will,' cried the man, giving one glanee at the- figure at his mfetrc**' 'a feet, and the next moment he was in the kitchen. 'Here, rouse up/5 he cried, 14 'taint nothing soopet' ? ' Edward said 44 natural' a-: hr ran out, hat teas, ii to tbe frosty night, to fetch the doctor, tying i.. & h&n; Iktrchief round hie head as he on. Meanwhile',/ Mrs, J&randon; ^ift^ the wgKtedi form in her Arms, and bore it %o avouch, she strove, ineffectually, to restort animation, j Everything she tried seemed useless ; and, at i last, weeping bitterly, she sank upon her knees, ' and olasped tbe fragilp figure io. her^ heart,* moaning as she did so : 4| My poor etriekep' bud; — my poor little dove, what does it mean*— what* does it mean ? But the' form she clasped might have been that from which the vital spark had just fled, save that the icy coldness began gradually to yield to the temperature of the room. j CHAPTER LXVII. | IJGHT !— AKD DAKKSESS ? I Dr. Tiddsori, panting .and out of bceaths at last; 'for he had run the greater part-of^wo I miles, and upon hearing the few words Mrs. Brandon bad to utter, he cast aside the pedantry ' of his profession to which he clung, and knelt down by the inanimate form. r 1 44 Every symptom of having parsed through a state of fever,' he said, sofUy. ?' Slightly convulsed, even now,' he muttered, asfromihe1 pusle his finger went to ber face. ?* Tiiectmdle a little nearer ' he said, as he raised an eyelid. 1 4* Yes I thought so ! Lungs seem right. I'd stake my life she has bat just risen from a1 sick bed. Heaven bless the poor child, she's worn to a skeleton I Here, quick ! Edward.' 44 I'm here, sir,' said tbe hard footman. 44 Take that to my house,' he said, hurriedly writing some directions. ' Bun, my good man, please.1' 44 1 will, sir,' said Edward, huskily, as a great tear ran trickling down his nose ; 44 but pleasea tell me, sir — we all liked her very much— you' — you don't think she*ll die ?' 44 We'll hope not, Edward— we'll hope not,'. 6aid the doctor, solemnly-* 44 Now go.' . Edward gave a greatcoarse sigh as he ran,obt of tbe room ; but.it was .genuine sympathy, and worth a host of fine words. 44 There's something more than ordinary disease here, Mrs. Brandon,' said the doctor. u We'll watch by her to-night, and if there is no change by morning, 1 should like to share the responsibility, and bave the counsel of some nlilo ni-aohtlnnar ' Tbey passed that night and many more by the wasted girl's bedside, during which time not once did she give sign oi consciousness. At times a faint fluttering of the pulse seemed to tell of returning strength ; but it was but a false hope held out. An almost supernatural strength had enabled her to seek the refuge, where she had somehow in the darkended state of her intellect, recalled that she would be welcome. Led almost by a ?subtle instinct, she had made her way by the different lines,' and' 'then exhausted her^last powers in slowly walking over to Laneton to sink . inanimate at her protectress's feet. It was long before her senses had thoroughly returned, so that sbe could recognise those around, and speak in the faintest whisper ; but Mrs. Brandon trembled, for she judged by what she saw in the doctor's looks that it was but the precursor of a deeper sleep. Several times over tbere was a faint whisper breathed into Mrs. Brandon's ear that the suf ferer had much to say : but invariably Mrs. Brandon- closed those pale lips with a kiss. 44 Wrong or right, my poor child',' she said, ' sadly, 44 rest in peace, for ibis is .your -home.'.' But there was an air of trouble and appeal in Ella's face that would not be gainsaid, and one evening Mrs. Brandon was seated by her side, wben her lips parted to faintly whisper: . | 'If I am to go, Met me know that you aU | believe in me ' As sbe sdoke her trembling little hand drew a large envelope from beneath her pillow — a ' crumpled and bruised envelope. | 'Do you wish me to read this?' said Mrs. I Brandon, tenderly. Ella's lips formed the word 44 Yes.' CHAPTEXi LXVHI. IT NEVEB RAISti DDT IT POORS. 'J he first paper Mrs. Brandon drew from the j envelope was one in a bold, lady's hand, evidently written hastily, and contained but the 1 following words : — 'DeabMax, — } will take him into the wait ing-room, where there is a good view of tbe platform. I can keep him there. £ think ; but you must be quick. Hecollect, a momentary glance will do. Bun by if you can at the very last minute. But pray—pray ;be careful. -If is victoiy or niin, for hi tcditld*' iieoftr jbtytw ' either. 41 Laura. 14 P.S.— Burn thU, and every note I send.' .Mrs. Brandon's face wore a troubled, puzzled expression as she glanced at Ella, whose lips moved. L ?.* . ' 1 found that in my - reticule since I have lain here,' Ehe whispered. 4* Read on.abd you will understand. . ' ' - ?' - \ Mrs. Brandon took out from the envelope another paper, and read, in a sound, legal hand: — ' Cliff Terrace, Penzance,— —18 — 44 Sn: — I am requested by my patient, Mr. Charles Vining, to enclose tbe note here con tained, one which, at his wish, I have addressed as you see. Qe tells roe that he is doubtful of its reaching the lady if sent hy post, and me to implore you to be its beaier, delivering fk yourself, and adding your precautions if'fihe should decline compliance. He would iiave written more, but tbe note enclosed was penned in my brief absence, and I sternly forbade further exertion. By way-of explanation, I may tell you that my patient^c&miein;'herto'feUh two move gentlemen, in a yacht, driven to the bay by stress of weather. The next night there wag ' a fearful wreck clone inj&hore;, and Mr. Vining j and one of his friends 'volunteered, and were out in the lifeboat. ; 1 regret to say that their gallant attempt only added *o the 4oVg list of those gone to their, account; two of the life boat's crew were drowned, while your friend was cast upon the rook, fearfully Injured: ' ' c' . 44 Let me-assuFe you that be has bad ihe best advice the town affords. *'I«X0i sir, ' 44 Your obedient servant, 44 Hexby Penellyn, ^l.B.C S. 44 To Maximilian Bray, Esq. - . ' P.S. —Mr. Vining bide me tell you that the above is his last request. ' J do not read to hivi the follomhg : Not a moment in to be lost for internal .hemorrhage has set in.' Mrs. Brandon's breath came thick and fast as dashing down the letter ehe took up the next. 44 My Onj.y Love— Pray come to me; I am half killed; 41 Everyours, 'ChaiujES Vi.vr.vcj.' 'Bui that is— stop a minute,' exclaimed Mr». Brandon, wbo was terribly agitated, and sho rang the hell.- 44 Bring my desk quickly,' she said to tire maid, who answered. ' Yes,' she exclaimed, as she unlocked the desk and drew out a letter and compared it carefully. It is tlfe same hand. It is his writing !' ? 4i^rcsJV whispered Ella,; sadly. 14 What does' it all mfiaii, then?' exclaimed j Mrs. Brandon, confusedly. i 41 1 cannot tell — I cannot understand,' whis pered Ella. 44 1 was deceived and led ayay, and he must have seen me ; but he would not have | betrayed me . thufi.' I 'But how to explain it all 1' cried Mrt.^ Brandon, excitedly.- *' He is to bo married io Laura Brav ? ?,r 4* Ah !' 44 Ah, me ! Wbiit have I done— what have I said?' cried Mrs. Brandon. 44 My poor child, 1 must have been mad to have let my foolish lips utter those words !' And she gently raised the fainting girl in her arms. For at those hit. for WftfHc Rllo U*A that faint oi/4, ? her face had been contracted, as by a violent spaein, and her eyes had closed. 44 It is nothing !' sighed Ella, reviving. kc If — if he is only happy.' 44 Happy 1' cried Mrs. Brandon, her breast heaving with passion ' It is 6ome cruel con spiracy. Bat tell me— if you can bear to speak —tell me all.' It was a long recital, for it was told in a faint whisper, and spread over some time, Ella's strength 6eeming often to fail her. Twice over Mrs. Brandon would bave arrested her, bat she begged to be allowed to proceed. ^ 'It w&pak;|L hippier,' ehe^vhisQmd ; hki d Mjj^randto o-mw-$nly»bend her ju{M. Thr^o'clook^iaa^ruck fy-ibtefiSnaule — whose slow be&^Beemed to be numbering off Ella's last minut£ft~-when Mrs. Brandon left her in^tlie charge -of, -the, ourap £he-had sum tnpnbdi 8leojiijg^p^vi flfeaf; relieved by oohfiding her sad lmle^fa'st Month's history to another breast. It 'was late; but Mrs.- -Brandon ^had another duty to perform, one. which she did, with ber mind now confused^now seething (tb tee plainly the whole of the plot. But there was that letter —those -lines in Charley Wiring's- -hand. But for them all would have been plain. At times she wss moved by a burning indig nation ; at others she weakly wept ; but before ?re turning^ El la' 6 bedside she took a large sheet OtptLper.-.'seoUred to -it,' ihe iiiis&jmssives; she had brought from the bedside, and then wrote under them: 44 Charles Viking, — 44 The victim of a cruel plot Ella Bed ford - was- entioed from the ^horne I had found for * her, by Maiimiliafc Bray ; from whom she escaped, ^to crawl, dgintj, to£-roy hpusej where she now lies, tovteathe her.l^st in -peace. As an English gentleman, I ask you, have you had any hand in this ? If not, to explain how a letter should tie sent to her in,your handwriting, i'l can see part/bot the*r6st/remainsior you to clear. I i4 Emlly Brandon.' I This Jetter.^Mr6«rBiinQpn carefully sealed, with its contents, and then returned to watch by' Ella's bedside; ' * ? - . - Soon Hfter eight that morning she despatched the note hy a trusty messenger, to be delivered into no other hands than Charley Vining's— little wotting the events to take place th&t; day — and into Charley Vining's hands that letter was placed, as we have seen. r* - ~t# «h :? Sir £Jiitip ^ininfs'icb^^mftns-wfe 4he,:£rst to ' -Vebdver -himlou- and- go to ?ms 'inasterV assistance, just as, half stunned and confused, Sir Philip was struggling to his feet. 44 Not much hurt, I think — not much hurt I' said Sir Philip ; 4* but where is Mr. Bray ?' 'There he lies, Sir Philip, 'said the coachman. And together Jthey went'tp raise;the unfortu nate companion: of their .^-ide, insensible How, but bleeding from a cut on tbe temple. .'4 Beg pardon, Sir Philip, said the coachm&n;, appealingly. 44 1 ve been with you fifteen years ' now. . I hope you won't turn me off for this job. I was driving ais caVefully as I could.' ' '* My good fellow, no ; of course not. I was to blame. Thank Heaven, there are'Bohie men coming ! Bray, my dear friend, how is it with you ?' Ml Bray looked up on being addressed, and, With brittle' assisiartce,- rose to his feet- tut he; was weak and helpless, seating himself direotly. In -spite of the serious aspect of Affairs, a little examination proved that, though cut about, and some of the harness injured, the horses were very little the worst; while, with' the ex? I ception of the loss of some paint, And a smashed - panel, the carriage, on being placed in its ! normal position, was found to be quite capable of continuing its journey. Plenty of help had arrived, and the labourers had worked with a will ; but upon Mr. Bray being assisted to his seat, he seemed so ill and shaken, that Sir Philip gave Orders for the oarriage to make the best of its way home., 44 But you will come too ?' said Mr. Bray, feebly. 44 No,' said Sir Philip, frowing angrily ; 44 1 shall go forward.' ; And then, without'another word, he strode off in the direction of Laneton. (To be continued in Wednesday'# issue.) 