Election of Chairman. At five minutes past 12 loud cheers greeted the entrance of the Most Rev. Dr. O'Donnell, Bishop of Raphoe, who was escorted to the platform by Mr. Davitt, the entire audience rising and cheering. Mr. John Dillon came next, and took his seat to the left of Dr. O'Donnell, followed by Hon. E. Blake, Mr. Justin M'Carthy, Mr. Wm. O'Brien, and Mr. T. P. O'Connor, who were each in succession warmly welcomed. Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., rising amid cheers, said—Fellow countrymen, I have the honor and pleasure to move that the chair be taken at this great Convention by the Most Rev. Dr. O'Donnell, Lord Bishop of Raphoe. (Cheers.) The Very Rev. Canon Shinkwin, P.P., Bandon, seconded the resolution. Mr. Davitt put the resolution, which was adopted amid cheers, renewed again as his lordship took the chair. The Chairman—Gentlemen, my first duty as chairman is to ask you to appoint honorary secretaries to this convention. Very Rev. Canon Lynskey, P.P., Clifden —I have very much pleasure in doing a very perfunctory duty here to-day. It is that of proposing that Rev. Father M'Guire, C.C., Euniskillen; Captain Done Ian, M.P.; Rev. Father O'Callaghan, C.C., Mallow; David Sheehy, Esq., M.P., and Michael Davitt, Esq., M.P., be appointed honorary secretaries to the Convention. (Applause.) Dr. Ambrose, M.P., seconded the resolu tion, which was carried unanimously. The Chairman — I will ask Father M'Fadden, of Gweedore, to begin the pro ceedings with an Irish prayer. (Hear, hear.) Father M'Fadden advanced to the foot of the platform and read an Irish prayer, the entire Convention remaining standing during the reading. The following is the English transla tion :— In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Come, O Holy Ghost, replenish the hearts of Thy faithful, and kindle in them the fire of Thy love. Versicle. Send forth Thy spirit and they shall be created. Response. And Thou shalt renew the face of the earth. LET US PEAT. 0 God, Who, by the light of the Holy Ghost, didst instruct the hearts of the faithful, grant that by the same Spirit we may know what is right, and ever enjoy His consolation: through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen. 