fSHORT STORY 9 \ THE ' TRUSTING INNOCENTS,' The counter our lovers staked was lost As surely as if it were lawful coin ; Afid Uld ait I impute to each. frustrate ghest la— ike nnlit lamp and ike ungiri lorn., | xLougL tiie on«l in nijrkfc "was a "yice I Bay — Ton of the YWtu© (w© iggu© jW») Bew strive you f Do to jabala. The statue and the Bust.' . "When I arrived in Oatr with HowArd j ix-e-rrT cti our way home from. Mauritius, we hoi j«»r tbio ty drgEia for tbe table cL'bote at . SbspbenVs. ; Dosan't appear to ba anyone particular Hare,7 murmured Kerr, as we looked round 6Vet out' acstiy. I Lad been able io discover 110 single fd.ee 1 know, but two or tkree minutes afterwards X s&w; lfrio Vanbur-pb stroll ni autl choose a 'Tborp'g Eric Yftnk»rgh,' I -whispered, ' glad to be ablo to point out to Eorr some one I knew by sight, and of whom ho must have heard. 4 Yes, ao it is,' he replied, without in- tor est. It vraa tke year of VanturgL's ' At tke Vellj1 wken, for tke tkircL tim©T Lis had been tbc principal picture in tbo Academy, or certainly the roost famous. Every now and again I raised my eyes to watch the great artist playing with his dinner, and I noticed that his face bore an expression which suggested that tha boredom of dining , was perhaps one degree more keenly felt by i iiim tka-n. lL© boredom of life generally. ICorr was silent and thoughtful when we went on the balcony to take coffee. I thought 1 would give him a little inferoro- tion about tho one man in the hotel whose face I knew. Kerr knows the world. I thought, its backbone and its beaches ; but at least. I know ray London and its liflttS better than be- I 4 Carious iting, is it not,' I said, £ tbat Yflnburgh ehould be sucb a discontented ohap ? So diBsatiefied with hie work and things. 'Yes! Is bo dissatisfied with his work then?' 1 Evidently. It's a household word in tha clubs tbat Vanburgh is discontented With flll things.' < AhS' ' It's reaily extraordinary to one who knows anything about bia life. I'm sure I can remember when Burlington Souse would hare none of him, when he was always reaching financial bel-rock, and could not get for half-a-dozm pictures what anyone would give him now for a charcoal rketch. Then he becomes cue of the first two or three,' is engaged to an earl's daughter, takes the town by storm, and — becomes chronically discontented and listless.' c r ' Iflon't knew if yen heard of it, but four years ago, when to mark his fin-t great hit, he did a most extra ordinary thing. 'The — Daphne 7 was pronounced far and away the ; picture of the year, and Vatlbufgh bec.lftlO s the artislie feiisk. cli kindly tho chosen lion o£ ik&fe; season. Then, irx the heisrht of ii all. a -week before KU marrlaej Lo disappeared i Utterly j by no one for nearly a 5 year ; anO on bis return gave no explanation I beyond a remark about twine illnees which ; reqnired Southern, air. It was the Narita l year, yon know, not long before she married i tie Chicago man.' I 'Yes. It was very strange.' \- 1 Most extraordinary. And yet even that didn't do him much harm. At least, I , ? should Bay there were not three English 1 painters who would not he glad to change i positions with Yauburirh. And still I don't i believe he takes as much pleasure in life as I that beggar down there at the corner. He's \- really a" very thankless chap.' ; 5 Poor old Yanhurgh I' : ' IFhat ! Do you know him V ; 1 1 used to. Every man has his skeleton, — i you know ; and happiness is all a matter of comparison. I suppose you've uo idea what -, cause! has disappearance, have you?' '"Why, no 5 I don't think anyone has. 2Trom my fcnwteAge of him, he's not the sort of man to giro explanations,' ' No, prrhep? no:. ; hut you shouldn't judge him too harshly. Look hero.' Kerr leaned forward in the moonlight and rested cne of his £hin hands on the bal cony rail. Below us the typical Cairo crowd, its vivid, dashes of colour, sickly scented Cigarette smoke, and never- ceasing chatter, was surging airolsegly along, The meon- light was clear and beautiful, with the fiheen of the south. It showed to mo very plainly the fine nervously- working face of my friend; and slowly I perceived that my intensely narrow- minded twaddle, my sordid com placency, my accursedly gratuitous sum ming np of another man's life, had got on the nerves of the man before me. All the sympathy of his perfect- Catholicism was iu Howard Kerr's face as he began to talk, there on the bslwny, iu tho moon-light, Jou remember the night of Narita's first appearance in London? I had dined with Erie Yanhurgh that evening, with two other men, and he had seats for ns all at the St. James 7 to hear the woman whose may. vellous sinking had placed all the continental capital at her feet. Her engagement to that genial old hack, lLord Gassax, had just been announced, and. perhaps that added to the intem>: shown in ©onn©vti©p with her debut, At all iwnts, St. James's was filled ae l had never mn it filled below, and hy a very brilliant audience.' Kerr was cooling down an the absence of my bubble wl i'g irritating influence. He half smiled now, in recalling the scene. ' It was just at the height of Vatibui'gh'g first Eca=oii as a lion, you know, and his indifference was certainly marked. flftt Waking, and listening to tho subdued, Silken rustle of the roende feminine, >k vanity, its chatter, blending with tho low hum of 'ho mouch masculine, My mind, I retamher, was more or less seriously oo- cut) led with refaction, upon the dress ami I was weariug ; could it be induced to sutvii'j another fortnight of the season, or till such time as a little on account to my tailor would enable me to order another. I was very hard Up then- Y anburgh yawned ..over lois programme, asked me if I would look in at Lady "Wkithrop's little crush after the conceit. 1 i hardly thank so,' I replied — I was thanking of cah -fares and unfinished work in 1 my feems — " yon know Vanburgh- I always think that if then two or tlaree small Items having been disposetl of, Narita appeared, and a valuable hint which I had kecnaheut tdimpait to Van. was for ever lost to posterity. It was lost ta posterity. Jt Was lost to posterity because I've for- goiten it rayeelf, It ww lost Yanhurgh haeause that listless lion almost jumped out &l; hi a chair when Narita, smiling like a goddess, and hewing Ilka a auccu, walked down the great platform and stood waiting for eitnoo- 1 Gcod God,7 1 heard him muttor. ' My mistake, I suppose. My damsUly fancy— bound to ho ', and yet——' ' Then YfVU. eauk back into almoBt normal IigfiESSDess, and everyone else leaned forward in keen, listening enjoyment, for the woman had sauii ded tha first note of that unknown Italian's sweetest maddest melody, and for five bewildering,' miflutog the great hall was filled to the perfect exclusion of all other gyuud, with the throhhing purity of her voles. Ah, Gk>d 1 hut '£ thanked goodness that night that I h a, lion b.. a. who could gat seats anywhere for a friend, it was a iwcnderful porformanoe, as you'Te beard einea, ocd eho typhoon of applause which followed it vraj neither undeserved nor, to judge from her perfectly fifllf-PpSflCfiSCd VC- PSptlvn pf it, unexp eotea hy Narita. BriO Ysnhurgj® conversational efforts during the guarter of hour which elapsed between Santa's appesraBoo and tho roid- ifitevunl wsra among tho vcr: weird-. " " " est placed upon record. 1 only remember a i little bit about the Italian school of music, sandwiched between a CiihioFumn anecdote and tha dramatic strength of a spaach of Mr. Chamberlain. The total sum. during the fifteen minutes was brilliantly grotesque.' Kerr paused aud leaned hack in his chair, a (jucer ..ittle smile playing about his lips. Continuing filter ft few moments, ho said--— 'Then he disappeared, and I didn't eee Mm again for eight mouths .' I A fats which the public generally shared with you ,' I murmured. ' With this slight difference,' said Kerr, puffing iowly at his cheroot : ' I saw ham an eight mouths, The great British public only received him again after eight months and some ten or twelve days' ' Ah I I keg pai'dcu.' ' Don't mention it ; only the difference happens to he material. Narita's second Bong that night was encored, and, as you. know, ",3ugland hwra nothing and saw nothing of her after tbat for nearly a year, At first, I romembor, people raised their eyebrown and murmured something about poor old Lord C&ssex.; Gradually the thing dropped. There word other topiOC. What had become of Eric Vanburgh, It. A. ? Was he not on the verge of matrimony 9 Had not hlayfair claimed him as its art fetish for that season, at least ? Where in the world hftd he set up his altar new ? 'In Vishnu land what Avatar?' But you doubtless re member it all.' I nodded, and Kerr went on with his story. ' When the only aunt I had departed this world eomo six or seven months after my little diuuor with Vanhurgh, she left me about two thousand pounds. I suppose there have been larger legacies — not a doubt of it; but, at all eyents, X earned the undying re spect of my landlaay, and the grovelling effusiveness of my tailor. Then I went on Continent to— to benefit my health and to ' In Home I met two or three chums among the stucaos, and on tho third day of my stay I was peremptorily commanded to attend a certain Beberovm function, which mainly hinged round a farewell dinner-Bupper- smoking concert, given to a few students of both seres who were leaving for the North and tot? hard work. 1 But, look here,' I objected, whon Morris, a Watlham man, then atlired chiefly in a blouse and f At hat, burst into my room with j this invitation, ' who's giving the thing, anyhow? I don't know anyone here now, remember,' ' Oh ! thatjS all right, You just come along, if yon don't want trouble. It's only the Trusting Innocents, and I invite you, and ' 1 Bti'; Morris's voiea died away into a eon - fused rumble, as he happened against fchfl -man who was Bringing- my morning eoffed upstaii-s, and I was favoured with no further paortiexdars. ' The combination supper party was all the rollicking success which Buch things deesrvo to he ; hut its host and hostess were, I think, the very saddf st pair of entertainers Bohemia ever extended its good fellowship to.' ' Eh ? Yes. Merita and Erie Vatlburgll. each under another name, striving might and maioo. to he jolly, reckless, bon camaraderie, weary nmil.es o£ frozen diaillxLsion ©Sort upon cSvrt cf breast beating against Tate's stoniest kind of wall. Ye gode J I Shall never forget J that eveaing. You know the long, low room under Bonnaeinna's place, with its heavy cross beams and sockets in the pam elling for lights. Toasts thay. drank by the acoto, and Eerriera — that tall fellow with red hair, who painted xmder Ardennier — he danced a furious cancan on the lower table, and after- wards appointed "V anburgh. with, liis own Obiaeti \ Ah I '"Well, a fortnight afterwards Eric Yan- bargh was living severely alone, and slaving a WRIT frnm finnrico tn ouncol i-n Viiq Hnmn. " »» i«j uvrn uuurmu lu ouuevv ill uto ii'iuij/ stead studio. A few months later Narita was very nearly, some say Quite, at the head of her pt'ofsssion. Then eamo tho Chicago millionaire, and she. as you know, was lost to the public. Mo one ever heard any explanation of it all except myself , and all I heard came in a jerky, broken conversation, jumbled np between eoogg and toasts and applause, with Yanhurgh in that room helow Doanaoinna'fl. He said ' When I was a student she had a top story room m a tall house opposite the one at which I digged in the fine de St. Helaire. £>H© sung, aoid I painted, and she watered I flowers iu her winftow-hos, anfl X skilled my eaael ;o my window's edge, and fell in lovo with her. I took myself and my work sehomly, yon understand— so, unfortunately, did she. I said nothing— shewed nothing— dared nothing. 3he made no sign. Then the ©ad came — sLe left for Borne. I had 1 never even spoken to her. Then — well, yon know what my lite wag. Yen know her achievement, I got all T worked for, hut found nothing In it, I swear I never longed for anything, after she went to Borne. Thou— tbat first night at St. James's. I went to her in the interval, when I left yon. Old man, foe God's sake, don't laugh I I found it had been exactly the same with her life. We neither of us had ever Laughed freely, sighed deeply' — you follow m© ? — - eonce the .old Bohemian days. So we ran away— yes, we ran away from onr positions, so W'S hungered for the thing', our one ohfinoo of gaining which wo had had, and misaert in Bue de St. Helaire. And— and now, we're going hack again. Don't tell anyone you've seen ua. Six moths, ley death's head business — ghosts at A fSASt. And now we've given ii up. Six months — Oh ! Lord. We had our chance, and — we missed it, you see Don't say you saw ns l Kerr said no more, and a few minutes afterwards we walked into the hotel to gether. Erie Yanhurgh had wandered on to His balcony and ordered coffee, within a yard of us.- — A. J. Dawson. 