AT THE BEEHIVE “THE CHILDREN'S COLUMN.” MOSQUITO. This was one of the happiest thoughts of The Bendigo Independent for several years. It has already got a local habita tion and a name for itself in the children’s cot in tho Bendigo Hospital, and some thing in hand towards furnishing another cot or whatever may bo agreed on nexi year. The money was n!l collected by the child-roadors of The Independent, Th ball was set rolling by one of their nun)' bor, Mias E*telle Beolaon of Strathficld laye, and quite a little regiment of helpers oamo forward. About the same.time, but aa a venture <of her oiVn, the young daughter of the Minister of Railways showed that she is her father’s own girl by getting her little friends together and raising enough for an Eaglohawk cot in; the hospital. Blessings on the children. If all the old people were as sensible and as well conducted as most of tho children are, how much happier and bettor would our world bo? As tho addresses of '.tho children’s bolters show “The Children's Oilumn” 1# rood far and wide. X frequently read tho i epistolary efforts of the young scribes, I am often struck with the choice simplicity ' and appropriateness of the language they use, by the happy side-peeps of domesticity, that ore occasionally given (“where sisters dwell and little brothers meet"), by i the tone of mutual kindliness that runs | through all tho letters (creditable alike to the parent*, to tho children and to their week-day and Sunday school teachers), and by a hundred, and one little touches, of pathos and occasionally of humor which it would tike too long to enumerate, Wh»b touch of a biby hand on another baby hand could be truer to nature than that of the bonny wee girl who wrote that her baby- brother when asked a question always answers “No I No !” but Some times she shrewdly gaetses that he moans " Yea! Yes !” Or what could bo more pathetic, indicating one early schooled to. sorrow- and bereavement but becoming chastened and refined in tho terrible crucible of pain and anguish, than the little, girl who wrote that it was the first anniversary of her little brother’s death j that she was suffering herself, but as she was able to .sometimes get out for a little while on fine days would they send her a collecting card and she would, because she knew how her little brother had suffered before he died, do what she could on account of the children’s cot' in the hospital. Health and love and romps and merriment; sturdy yoang limbs, clear skins, chubby velvety faces, flowing looks, Gashing bright eyes, book tasks, handiwork suitable to their years, babble and laughter and frolics of all kinds should bo the heritage of all children. Bat what should be, unfor tunately is often not. Than a chilli stricken with chronic disooao or . with hopeless deformity I do not know of a more melancholy ,pictare. But as a contrast to the dear Utile kind-hearted sufferer übo in her suffer* ings was thinking how she might help to alleviate the sufferings of olhers, there was the merry laughing girl up High street way who related how in a street troeshe found ahen’s- nest with five chickens in it. Tho raerryaheartod youngster wrote in such a way as to show that she thoroughly appreciated the hunior and oddity of the situation, and admired Old ducky’s good sense in get ting up the tree out of harm’s way. Then the business.like girl who wrote “Be sure and send me the prize. There are forty children at our school, and if they see me getting the prize it will make them all write to you ” When women are eligible to sib io Parliament there’ll be o candidate in that little maid. Then, the artistic in stinct. Ooe of the earliest of .the letters that appear e d io “Tho Children’s Oojumn” signed “ Pearl Dowd.” It was accom panied with a story abont some children who in tho gloaming mistook a white chimney for a white ghost. The literary expression of both letter and story, the choice of the words and the balancing of the sentences, indicated the possession of the literary faculty. It recalled, though perhaps faintly, the simple and' har monicas expressiveness of Lady Brassey’s pleasant little book, “The Craise of the Sunbeam,” the letters of the charming Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, of Do Sevigne or of Margaret, Queen of Navarre, in one of her serioas moods. If the letter and the story, to which I allude, were wholly the production of a girl of thirteen —were not copied from a magazine— then she has in her the “literary instinct” and it might be worth developing. THE REVEREND JOHN" GARLIOE, Born in the next decade to each other, within rifle shot of tho same spot, and each -when subsequently attaining about the same ago, serving a brief portion of life’s apprenticeship under the same roof in tho same nice little Victorian town, but never porsonolly meeting ■ him till be came to reside in Bendigo, I al ways found a very engaging, attractive and congenial personality in the Rev. John Garlick. Our novitiates in fhe quiet but pleasant little town of which I speak carried us into far different spheres—his to the study of theology under the venerable Oanon Vance—mine to the study of printers* ink as suffragan neophyte to Professor “Jim" Thompson. The deceased clergyman’s best title to our remembrance is that he was, one of the kindest hearted men we ever had in Bendigo. Some men limit their kindnesses to kind words, bat he was kind in both word and deed when both were required. Io oases of serious illness-amongst his parishioners or amongst outsiders ho was a constant visitor whenever dr wherever, be. thought that he could if ever .so' slightly comfort the departing one on his or her journey, or shed a ray .of hope or coihfort on those* about to be bereaved, In these matters he seemed to have bub one : rule—Will I bo welcome? If the reply, to his-mental question was in the nflirma, tive, bo went, and I cannot conceive a sot of circumstances wherein a man of his sympathetic and amiable character would' not,bo welcome. Rich and poor it was all tho same. 1 have seen him making two or three or four times a day to the jvilla of the riob man where death and a . big. stylish .funeral were impending ; I have also, however, seen him making two, three and four times, a day, and I have found him - there too, at other times when X didn’t see him going, in -the cottage .of' the poor man wherodoath and a funeral of only one borrowed buggy; a spring cart and throe cabs (“on spec.”) wore impending. It is terrible how death seems to cut off the good, the cultured and the lovable in the prime.'of'their days and their useful* ness, and leave, the vicious, the selfish,; the cloddish and the unlovely, notwith* standing -that they never would be missed. . . NAMBY PAMBY, ESQ., J.P. ThereJs..a J.P. named Edelstein. He was chairman of-the Melbourne District Bench the ; other day; He ought, how ever, to be made .president of one or more of those seminaries whose speciality is to paste a thin coating of veneering on “ young ; ieddies ? prior , to their going “ into-society." A, poor wretch of - a. Dandenong village settler was before our worthy .J.P.; of,. the ultra-refined bym- : panam, to . show .pause, why. he shouldn’t be sent of - affi e of d7BA6d, iaid fine bieiog, in the first instance, .-directly, the.man’s extreme, poverty. ~ f Soaroity. of work,"' the. poor devil drove me to, the' village settlement to try. and parn a liv«; mg for my wife) and fdut\childVen;. f exay not pay tho fide. Epr .the . last three, months I have so much as one sovereign ex£iiwetf ; I once drew- £%dOkda advanoa lrom . the Government to pay the storekeeper. It I hadn’t wo would all have boon starving. i t had to do it so that I could get ; tucker.” • Mr. Edoletolni MDoh?fc use that word [b ie not a.propor word." (Sympathetically »«ul with his soft, wonted, filmy, «'lk “ wipo ” ha 'brushed a big gathering tear from tho corner of hie right oy£ into Ins* right oar-hole-). 11 Don’t use that word. U in nob a proper word. 0 Tho half-Btaryed. village aeltlsr (in noek and cmpty- stomached and ompty pooketed earprise) i I bog pardon, your worship. Tucker was the first word that same to mo, I moan food. Pur tho last three months my earning* have not vveraged eight shillings a week, and. myself and my family.have had to live on it*" ■ , i Now, “tucker ” is a good old expres sive phrase. It was good virile Anglo- Saxon, honest digger English, long before tho Edelstoins of Nambypambyland sat down to rognlo themselves with refections of pore sossiges au champignons, meraogs do raisin d'etre, passementerie entremets, boallo dogae and polboapri, all zo chiz, res bif rofci, and Victoria sandwich ad libitum, ad nauseam. A family man on fight shillings a week cannot afford many of those things. How delicately refined, however,was the ear of the auper-flonsltivo J.P. I have mob o few such people before* to- day, and wouldn’t in this instance have boon surprised to hive come on his wor. >hlp solacing himself after the labors of the court by burying his . beak in a Oollingwood schooner, and crowding down the corn*beof counter-lunch tuckor at such an appalling rato, threatening a famine in the neighborhood, and supplying Murray Smith with otie of his strongest arguments in favor of the abolibiod of the stock tax. It’s too absurd whoa common justices begin imitating the afTmtatioas of tl\c Supreme Court bench that they don't understand plain every day language. Why will little boots try to let on that [ they belong, to the big steamer “push” 1 I , THIS PROFESSORS AND THE COWS. •.;> The professors of the Melbourne flow versity,—a superior order of Stato_school I masters—not. content with milking the Government cow through the Treasury, lot the milking cows which they buy with the Government cow’s money oat up Government plants and shrubs, flowers and grasses in the University gardens. The impudence of some of these official' and semi-official swells in both town and country is sublime. It is oow«ardly on the part of men who arc so well suckled by the public that to keep their cows in grass they are turned loose into tho late Sir Redmond Barry’s rare and favorite Italian olive plantation , Tho University gardener (who is no “scholard” notwith standing his .proximity to the abodes of learning) wrote to tho council that the cows wore “divestating” the* place and eating Sic Redmond Barry ? s olives, “tho size of plumbs.” The Council of the Uni versity has, however, at last ordered the professors to take|their cows out of that— to take them out of the University grounds altogether. I expect, however, that the professors will be fighting for their “vested interests,’' and their wives bo setting the professor of law and chop logic on to the council to show cause why the professorial cows shouldn’t grazn wherever they please. Professor Nansen’s cow seems to be the hungriest and cheekiest of the milky mothers of the pro fessorial herd. If he’s a fighting man we’ll hear him threatening :— “Ho who doth my cow displioo Must moot Professor Naoson face to Taco 1 Who dares to drivo my oow outside tho gato Him shall I mark and “divostato He’who impounds- my dear old Crummy Crumbs. I’ll pound his blossod oyos “as big as plumbs Ho who comes ’twoon mo and my livo stock, ... As Spadlibg says, will got ‘a bard, bard knock.’ ” 