BAY RONALD, ! Or, When George the Third was King. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BTr-'MAY : CROMELB, 'AUTHOR OF "DEAD MEN'S DOLLARS," " GOBLIN GOLD," " A JEWEL OP A;' GIRL AND JOINT AUTHOR OP "VIOLET VYVIAN, M.P/H.," &c.; CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) But it 'Was he himself who drove % Dick home after supper, .leading the ;boy.by artful questions to give a lively description of the fight. Ratcliffe' did Tint. Avnrnas any opinion. hilt he chuckled to himself as if hugely diverted, and looked sideways at'Dick muoh as a clever fox might at 'a pro mising cub. Before departure Dickie had allowed Lucy to kiss him into reconciliation. " How could I help going with Richie? You know you had forgotted me for ever so many days," pleaded the little maid. Dickie allowod; this waB tru9, still the young sultan felt that however faithless himself, it behoved Lucy to await . his returning favour. Never theless he made a dozen promises to behave better in -future, if Lucy would forswear Richie's com pany.',- The little flirt .only laughed and snook ner curia. as n it were possioio for her not to be good frionds with everyone. Still she sweetly promised "to try" apcl not go with Richie again, if Dickie would be sure to come instead. <' " Lisjtfsn to the babes ; like " Kidlings blithe and merry," hummed Ratcliffe in an undertone. ?' Flify now, my children, while you can ; play time will not last long." 'Next day, news of the boys' fight -was in eyery mouth, and Dick's exploit of swimming the moat in escape was magnified fifty-fold. "-Who began this fight, Richard Saxby ?" asked Mr. Butler next day, as a downcast culprit approached him with a Latin exercise. "I, sir," said Dick. " Then,"' replied his master, " I am sorry that it will be my duty to. give ,.you a; flogging. But you are still sore, my boy, so we will put it off (till next : week, when you will be better able to /' bear it." / " Thank you, sir," said Dick, grate- fully. And Mr. Butler kept his word. CHAPTER XI. Hasledene lingered on . for some weeks after , the duel, although in a hopeless state. He was a strong man,: and though weary of his pain found dying difficult. Eor the most part he' lay between dozing and waking, and when his strength allowed he seemed pleased to soe Mr. Butler's tall figure by his bedside ; tried to follow the words read aloud with faint ears, and moved his lips in assent to his friend's prayers. The pastor's presence in the farm during that time of sorrow was like a strong man bringing succour to a besieged fort. Each time he canie he seemed to banish the evil forces of sorrow, tears tor the tuture, aiscrusc 01 God's will that besieged poor Cathe rine, and who knew but what 'some of the good seed sown so late durihg'this latter 'season had found root and '.sprung up in the sick man's mind. So five 'weeks passed. Then one 'm'orniag Ha'sledene's dying ears caught familiar' sounds 'from the lane outside of yow I yow ! .yow 1 sounding in dif ferent bell-like 'notes, The ' old hunts man of - the Craribrpok liurit was 'out filling with the 'pack at his heels for exercise. ' ".The window. Lift me up. Let me, see theffi," murmured Hasledene. He' hii'd . grown so light that Cathe rine 'and a maid easily helped him 10 fan ' oriu-chair by the window With a blanket wrapped about him. ' The huntsman, wlio had stopped for hews of his old master at the. gate, seeing the night-capped head, touched his own cap. The dying man's eyes brightened at the sight of the moving mass of white and dappled beauties outside. Ho was still master of the hunt, as lie had been for several years, and knew every hound like a friend. "There's old Challenger, hark to him . . . aud Game Boy . . .' Ranter," he whispered, repeating their, names weakly under his ' breath. So smiling be fell back on hisi pillows, ex hausted, . They carried him back to his bed. where he closed his eyes and 'seemed to rest. After that he 'never spoktf a word more, but 'slept two days and. two nights, nor ever woke, only— rth'O: last night when it was col<d'e3t' towards , dawn he ceased to sleep. Hasledene's end made a great stir among all his neighbours and boon companions. They 'were touched with real emotion on learning this last, 'scene .arid ; the manner of his death.: Why not 1 A sportsman lie-had been, a true sportsman he died. Ebr many a year Hasledene's name and. fame lived, green in the memories of the members of the hunt, while his own old cronies sighed over his loss and praised his' good fellowship. They felt 'ho had, been one of themselves, 'a typo of their own faults, follies,/ yet cheery 'good qualities. Many a. better man was' less mourned, as' sometimes happens. Jolly George Hasledene, game to the last,"' said Ealconer, and the senti ment became' a By-word' summing' up the feelings of many. The week; after the funeral Squire Falconer rode to. Forge -Farm, and offered to buy Bayonet, the favourite hunter of his dead'friend. The price' he offered was - so handsome . that Catherine gratefully agreed. . She; was grievea oo'seo sue mare: go,- duc a farmer's widow had no right to so; valuable' an animal, After that Fal coner came frequently ' to the farm. Two othor hunting squires: bought; the dead man's'still remaining -couple: of hunters in /memory of Hasledene. Then, except Dick's bid pony, .Ruby, and a cob, which was useful to drive in the gig, thbro were oiily earb'rho'tses ' left in the Forge Farm stable.'' One strange incident happened tlie night before the funeral which caused a superstitious thrill- to run through the village of Rookhiirst and- ' the- Forge hamlet. This was that a woman, who had r sen in the night to give a warm mash to a sick co'w, saw a terrible sight going at a foot's pace 'down the lano from Forge Farm towards the park. It was a black mourning hearse drawn by four headless black horses and driven by a white ghost, The woman nearly had a fit in her fright, so that she could hardly reach her/ own door' before she fell down. Such 'a' thing had never been heard of or seen there abouts before. The second other strange thing happoned at Rookhurst itself. On the day of Hasledene's funeral the; bailiff at" Rookhurst desired old Amos to fetch' a loaid of coal with, tho oxen from the market town. But lo and behold, the four strongest beasts were lying down in their stalls: as if utteily. log weary, and could not be persuaded to rise. Of those loft two were young and untrained, and'the pair remaining were insufficient fOr the load. The bailiff, who was ' new to the place, was displeased and puzzled but it showed that oven these dumb beasts felt : their old 'master's loss, as old Amos sourly told him, and that tliey meant to do 110 work that day.: Whereupon ' tlie "bailiff, said' jAmbs: Bird was ,u superstitious pia1 rooi, ana one who tried to make other people as silly as himself. For Amos -had 'a great name for dispensing ohArms in secret against warts,' 'jaundice and other ailments, which -white magic 'lie was reputed to have been' taught bvf his-own grandfather ; and that was a long while 'ago. After her 'husband's -'-'death ; -Wrs., Saxby took her sorro'w hardas 'her humbler neighbours expressed it.. -'Her tall figure/was as -straight.- as 'evei;,: only niore rigid. If'' she; wept much' in secret none knew it,' only, they 'saw -that as the weeks werit'by heitlier did slie come to smile "again, "excepting very rarely, aiicl- that w'av for her: son's "sake. Slie "fose early, "She 1 lay down late, and -'ate the "bread of "cdrnful- "ness. . . .- . "Is it in vain, dear lady?" Mr. Butler ventui'ed one day in solemn, coniideutial intercourse. " Ho-givoth His beloved sleep without 'their seek ing to iveary tliomselves to ilrid it. Forgive lis, Lydia' and' me, if wo have often 'feared these past months that you cannot rest as those do who are at peace in their minds." "'What peace i" answered .Gdtherine in bitterness, vaguely quoting old Scripture, half unconsciously. ; "What peace with hiin "who slew his master ? I 'am a poor' woman now,- sea ted- at my landlord's gates; who v/awmy tenant. How can I have peace' in, my > rhind- ' while my husbatid's - inurdorer.1 is ' at 'largo 1" " . .... ; ., 'For, -Philip Saxby ;ha"d "come bn ck' ; "to ..Rookhurst, ''thoiigh (not. - show ing liimself in 'publio 'tor 'a con siderable tiine. .When ' lJo 'did so it was with a fresh heeled Boar on 'bis face that would stay there till the day of his death. Mrs. Saxby avoided speech and even sight of him like the plague. On Sun days she sat with Rffik still in the Saxby chapel, which' was nowadays one large pew approached by a private door. This chapol was a ohantry founded by Sir Waiter' Saxby 'in the fifteenth century for'; a priest to saymass in for ever. " And being so considerable a benefactor to this-'church," as histories of Kent re count, " his figure was .painted in the north window, kneeling, in armour, with his helmet lying by him, before .a desk with a1 book on it, and anjin-; scription to pray for him and his wife, and his son Richard and his throe wivosl" Many eyes in-the'nbbly sized church used! to-stray on Sunday's towards that corner where the widow sat 'lonely with /her boy. Above the beads of those i two drooped some tattered ban ners) while trophies or helmets, shields,, old swords -and mail gauntlets hung on the chapel walls; relios of the fighting Saxbys, as the family had long been called. Philip coveted sitting' in the chapel, ! telling himself that "as. lord 'of the manor this was his right, but he dared not press matters 'to this ' last ex tremity, fearing that popular 'feeling would run too strongly against him. But although Mrs. Saxby went to weekly service -it- grieved the faithful, pastor of' the -parish not to seo her at- tending the four great Church feasts of the year. Nevertheless, when he pressed upon that point Catherine always sighed deeply, and confessed that she Still could not forgive Philip Saxby, and might riot approach the sacred table with that hatred burning in her heart. This stirred Mr, Butler deeply, and ev6n more his wife, who being then near dying felt she could not de- part in a comfortable frame of mind while Catherine was so miserable and nursing rancour in her soul. For these two women had been close friends from girlhood. Several' times, as Catherine daily visited the Reotory, the sick woman urged her to forgive her enemy.. At last-, after alternating /between terrible suffering aUd periods of, >e-' ' viving strength, Mrs. 'Butler said to her friend with "solemn "earnestness, '"I fear 1 am 'hotter to-day. No; do nob congratulate me, the '.pain I -have endured has been so groat that 'I would gladly be released, only I feel' as if my sufferings "could: not come to an end until I am at ease about the state of your soiil. My dear friend— -T am speakihg truth as a dying woman — -either I canniot yet go, or I shall die With trouble 'in my mind." (to de continued.) 