WALLAROO. MR. H. A. GRAINGER. Mr. H. Allerdale Grainger addressed a large and appreciative audience at Wallaroo on Thursday evening. After thanking the electors for the confidence they had shown in him and which he trusted he had dona nothing to for feit, he stated that he would not occupy die tune by referring to the local benefits their re presentatives had seemed* T? this ths cour teous and gentlemanly comae was always to give your colleague half the credit. When the members for a district quarrel over local re quirements that district moreover was apt to Buffer. Our members were at present mostly engaged in following the advice contained in the lines of Gilbert- In this world It you with to ndnace, You mutt stir it, and stamp it. And blow your own trumpet. Or you haven't the ghost of a choice. Not "the ghost of a chance," but for that evening he would abstain from attempting to prod the patriotism of such electors whose votes were to be caught by the promise of anew post-office, or perhaps of another policeman, and whose view? on the consolidation of the public debt of the precise form federation should take weredecidedly hazy. It was always difficult to get a member who suited everybody. The perfect man and the p"rf?"* horse no one had ever seen ; it was doubtful whether some politician? and electors might not come more fairly under the h?H="g of "the perfect ass." The perfect politician not being obtainable we had to secure the best article offering, and it was as iroDortant to select the best for a Sooth Australian Parliament as it would be, he hoped shortly, for a Federal Parliament. Biennial Parliaments would be too costly, and four years was too long a period to appoint any yriaw gg member, nloro cnooini brojo£n pledges now defiled die pages of "Hansard." The country required single electorates and a, fresh division of the electoral districts. Among?t the promissory politics of the Pre mier was an elective Ministry scheme, lite nothing on the earth or nrwi^ the earth. The Council were to have no say in it, because the Government proposed that the representatiTe of the Ministry in tile Upper House should be elected by the Assembly. It would if adopted, which was improbable, fail to secure the best man, but would assist the most Brimming, the aU-tinngs to-all-men sort, the trickster, the cheat, the bully, the briber, and the beggar of billets. It would result also in constant crises and con tinual squabbling; as well as log rolling; which sprit ruin. Ministers, like two men in a boat pulling in opposite diTt^-rimm, would soon render the colony supremely ridiculous. He advocated the immediate con solidation of the debt, and opposed the exten sive use of the referendum as too expensive, and failed to see that any good or substantial reason had been advanced for the proposed Kopperamanna railway or the graving dock. Too much was made of the pro posal contained in his SSI of 1884 to abolish the plea of common employment. A penny per workman per week would cover the risk of employer*. He had on a previous oc casion so recently repeated his opinions on several other matters that he would not on that occasion refer to them. Mr. Grainger spoke for a little over an hour, and was heartily applauded. 