FROUDE (N FACE OF DEATH. Among the; recollections of Air. Fronde,which ippoar in the .January number of the: " Contemporary l-ievicw," the writer, the late Mrs. Alexander Ireland, relate s the following aeivenfcura which befell Mr. Fremde, herself, e.nel some friends when out in a small ,sailing boat near air. Proude's residence : — " There was a whistling, keen cry in the wiml, ami we were: hurried along by sheer force of the current of air anel water. Opening my eyes, I was suddenly aware: of a change in the scene. An ominous blackne ss lay on the water immediately tu-ound our little boat. The sun still sheme at a distance, but we seemed in night. The cry of the wind was raised to a wiid shriek, the water tmse tumult,uously, the tierce g -le came down one of those: ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them—one of those narrow clelts between two hills. The sky, too, in-.d changed ; the sail almost struck the water ; rain anel sleet- l'e:ll aVuinehuitly. " Just before this change of weather I had been saying to Mr, Froude, ' I slndl never believe that I have been here ; it is all like a dream to me, this experience.' And my companion had saiel, ' You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and wouhl not believe in it, Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign ? or is there, any other way ?' " I-Jis darU eyes were very close to me, and I added m-rvou dy, ' Oh, 1 am only joking.' " ' Bat,' he continued, • will nothing remain to you of jhese s:ghts and impressions after you leave us ?' " ' To me," I said, ' all will remain : but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to alio:her." " He made net reply. Tile ' sejuall ' repeated itself furiously, anel we shipped a good deal of water, (be sail i.gain dipping terribly. The bl lie craft, could not be rgkied. Froude, who still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, anel perfectly unmoved : "•Are you afraid r" He spoke loudly—for the; roar rf the elements mam: it lueaiful. " I me t his look and said quietly. ' Not in the. heist !' oil which he turned his he-ad from me. " The storm now grsw more violent. Miss Fremde, who was self possessed, but. very pale, said, so as to be heard : " ' I think we are in danger, father.' To which the reply, given without a tinge; of emotion, was : " ' Ve ry likely.' " It flashed through my mind with the strange: rapidity that is born of .such moments, th'.t a near possibility l;ty at baud of our all being drowned— since the capsizing of a pleasure boat iu deep waters h;;s often led to sue li em end I saw, in my mind's eye. tile subuu rging ot' that litt-ls iininan-ge-ahlo craft. I thought : Here is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age--ni\s< If 50 —he not longing to live—I not bulging to live. Hitherto I ha > been caret id not to touch him, but witii the; violent movement of the boat I felt an inc!im\tiun to catch at his arm. but eiid neit. ' Sliil,' thought I, ' if we. drown it will be toire-ther ' ; end conscious my.self of entire; physical disability,it might, after nil, have been that we should have clung together in that sui.n-uie moment. It takes me more time to write: this than was allowed for the thoughts to fli.sll through my mind. For again Frouele's voice said, idose to my ear : " 1 -Are you ready ?' " And something nerved me up to add distinct ly : " ' Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to ba now anel here. !' " ' Well,' s-dd he, dreamily, ' if 'tis neit now, 'tis yet to come ; the readiness is all ' " Anil »lmost, as soon as the words we re spoken, the boat righted, the stress of the storm ahite-el, and we g».t under shelter of some rocks. " Then Froude saiel coldlv, ' Don't trust, to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland I' And be gave me one of ids untavournbl?, searching looks." 