THE GOLDEN IDOL. A STORY OF ADVENTURE. CHAPTER XVII. BY J. E. MUDDOCK, luthor of " Tlic Dead Man's Secret,"' "From the Bosom of the Deep," " Stormlight," "Maid Marian and Robin Hood," "Stories Weried and Wonderful,'' &c.;, &C; AN ARGCHKNT AND A STARTLING INCIDENT. Solemn and still Crew the night, the only sounds-that disturbed the aolitude being the mournful w~3.il of some night-bird away in the bush, and tha susurrus of the trees as tie light breeze vraftea tliem together with the musical gurgle of the water as it lapped the beach. It was the first time Bob and- Dick had had xn opportunity of conversing since Bob's adventure. He still Buffered alittle. The blow irhich had been dealt him on the head with the mallet or whatever it WSLS, had raised a largo lump like au egg, and it was veJy sore and painful. "This time last night, Bob, I suffered torture of mind that I shouldn't like to go through igain," fiiid Dick as tho two sat on a log with their loaded rifles beside them. "I'm awfully sorry, old chap,' 1 answered Bob, reflectively; "but I couldn't help it; though, of course, I had 110 business to separate mvself from you. However, it has taught me a Jesson. I shall profit by it.'' "Well, you seem to have had a pretty narrow squeak. But we mustn't run risks of that kind. We've come on this jaunt with an avowed purpose, and it won't do to lose sight of that purpose. We owe it to ourselves and our mates to steadily pursue our aim. And— don't laugh at mo—Ifeel as if tho dead man we found in the hut afc Martin's reef had charged me with a solemn mission. Aiei sometimes, in imagination, I10 seems to speak to me, and say, "Don't forget my daughter.' Of course, that's & bit of sentiment. But never mind; it's a spur, so to speak, bo one's intent." "Your sentiment's right, Dick, and it shows you've got the right stuff in you. I'd a bit of sentiment last night myself, when I was in the hands of those savages, and I thought if' I could only send Lucy Silva a message and, tell her that my thoug tits were entirely of her, I shouldn't care a pin about anything else. It's strange how that girl haunts me. I suppose I shall laugh at my folly some day. But the day isn't yet." "No, Bob. It's not folly, old man. A good fellow and true, like you, doesn't get over a , disappointment all at once., If that old blackguard her father had only been able to look Beyond his money-bags, and eee your worth, there would have been a different tale to tell." " Sah!" exclaimed Bob, with an expression of exasperation, "don^fc let us talk about it. The past is dead. Let it bury itself. A man ehouldn't go mooning through tho world because he's failed to get the woman he wanted. There ar« as good fish in the sea as ever were caught. 71 ' He roee up and moved away some paces. He spoke lightly and flippantly, but his words belied his heart. No I even his bosom friend knew bow deep was the -wound his heart had received. And in spe&ki;/ag as he did he spoke mere wards. "Yes, Bob, that's all right, chum," said Dick, as his friend came near him again. " Let the dead past bury its dead.""' It was Longfellow who &aid; that, -wasn't it? It's all very well as a saying, you liuow, but it doesn't pan out in practice. As a matter of fact, the dead pastdoean't bury itself, especially when it has been disagreeable. Its damnable ghosts generally haunt one, and occasionally they've \- driven men mad. But they are not going to drive you mad, man ami. You are too good a fellow to go mad. As yon rightly say, a fellow shouldn't go mooning through the world because he has failed to get th£ girl he wanted. YouH meet some one else some day, and when she's your wife you'll laugh to think what a mug you were to bestow any grief over tho Lucy Silra affair." "On one point you are wtrong," replied Sherard. " I shall not meet airy one else who will become my wife." " How do you know?" ** Because I intend to keep as I am for the rest of my days." " Do you mean that you will never get splioafl'to any one?" " That's precisely what I mean, Dick." " Bosh! Tell that to the horse marines, old chap. I. woa't take it in. Besides, you axe inconsistent. You said just now there are as good fish in the sea aa were evnr caught." "Ridicule and laugh as mudh as you like, Chibbles," answered Bob, with some acidity of tone as though he was annoyed. '"But I know my own mind." "No, you don't; not on that point at .least," said Dick, unmoved by his friend's show of warmth. " Of .course, I understand that yon feel that way now. stop a bit. Time has A marvellous effecti^ha^ging men's v i — t i t -Qu^tjmck to-day seems jx&tc; to us to-morrowljflHQV Well, tmoumy word Dick, you are talking to me as though you were my grandfather, instead of a youngster like myself," remarked Sherard, in a manner implying that his feathers were still ruffled, and that he felt \- somewhat hurt because hie friend would not take him seriously. "No, my dear boy, I'm not," Dick replied, with provoking coolness, as he filled his pipe and prepared to smoke. " I assume no superiority in any way. I'm simply arguing from a common-sense point of view." " It's npt common sense to imply that Fm an asa." "Oh, Z say, Bob, that's strong, isn't it? !Tm sure nothing I've said justifies Euch a remark.'. " * '"All right then, ni give in. Perhaps I'm wrong," answered Sherard, ina tone of apology. " But III keep my thoughts to myself in future." "Not a bit of it, Bob. That wouldn't be kind. You know that yoa have always had, and etill have, my most jSrofound sympathy. Pm not such a duffer ae to be incapable of understanding how keenly you have felt the disappointment. But the moral of it all, which I want to point oat, is that a fine fellow like ycru, with all his life before him, has no right to declare that he will lead a life of celibacy because he has failed to get the first woman of his choice." "But you don't know how deeply I've been bitten," moaned Bob, in sorrowful accents. Oh, yes, I do. But deep wounds sometimes hei cjuicker than shallow ones. As fate has determined that you shall not marry Lucy Silva, you must keep your eyes open for another Lucy. And when we've made our fortunes you will become a family man and live happily ever afterwards." Dick laughed, but Bob showed that he did not appreciate his friend's flippancy. 1 1 You are talking bosh now, Dick," he said. "However, we'll agree to differ. If we both iive long enough, time will prove who is right. IAJS for the TTiafcing of our fortune, that soems to me a doubtful factor, at least BO far as this wild-goose chase is concerned." " Bat the wild-goose chose is veiy jolly." "Yes, oh, yes, I admit that it is so in a sense. But we niusn't forget that we've already lost several men who might still have been living but for this expedition, nnd we dpn't see the end of it yet." " The poor fellows lost their lives through an accident, the result of the rials which must necessarily be run in venturing on a voyage to seas and lands as little known as these.' And I don't think we are in tho least degree morally responsible for the death of our companions." This was Dick's answer, and he spoke more seriously than he had hitherto done, aud, after a reflective pause, as Sherard made no reply, he added with considerable emphasised force of expression— "Look here. Bob, if you really think we are unnecessarily risking the lives of others in coming here., aud in continuing the journey. I'm ready to turn back if you desire it, and we can persuade the 6kipper Ralston and tho boatswain to do so. But understand this now, and let there be no mistake about it. I shall only turn back in deference to your wishes, and because I desire it. To me this penetrating into unknown regions, this carr_ring my life in my hand, in living in a stara of strained suspense as to what is going to happen next, has an unspeakable fascination ; and, though I appreciate to the fullest all the danger, and understand perfectly well how strong the probability is that I may fall a victim to wiiat stay-at-homes aud timid people would call our foolish rashness, 1 am not in the least deterred. Rightly or wrongly, I look upon it as —Kismet!" "Dick, does what you have said mean to imply a want of pluck and dcteiSiimation 011 my part equal to your own?" asked Sheirara in quite a solemn manner. "G-od forbid, no." answer 1 Dick, quickly. "Ihad no sucli thought. * . e have come too far and been together too long for me to imply that. A Staunches pal, a better friend, I could not find." "Thank you,"' answered Sherard, with unmistakable emotion. "I am afraid wc have drifted into rather a stupid argument. But if it has done nothing else, it lias shown me at least, if I wanted anv further proof, what a splendid fellow you are. Ann. though you fail to gauge my feelings in one way, let there Ixi no misunderstanding about my unalterable resolve to go on shoulder to shoulder with you to the unknown, though it holds for us a lingering death ill the worst form m which deatli can come to a man." Dick, who up to now had kept reated upon the log, rose and grasped his friend's hand 111 a. grasp that only true friendship knows; and between the two men there iviw silence for a little while, for each heart had '>cen touched ; and, standing as tliev did at tha tooljmn hour, in the moonlit tropical fore«t, f;M om friends and home, and surrounded with" .incurs, and knowing not but what the morrow might bring them to the end of their earthly journey, they would have had to have been very much more hardened, and very much less impressionable than they wore, lisd they not felt the unutterable something whicli true men feel under •uch circumstances—a something which brings • lump into the throat, and produces a sort of electric.il quivering of the lips, together with a mistv vision. " fiob, old man," stammered Diek, at lust. " forgive 1110 if I have shown levity or said anything that has hurt your feelings. I didn't intend it.'' "I kn ow that. I know that, dear boy. But pray let, the discussion drop. We perhaps understand each other better now than ever wo did before. We aro knit together by an indissoluble Ixmd of sympathy. We " have a common cause; we tread the path of the future together." They wrung each otiiers hands; then Chibbles resumed his seat, and relighted his pipe, while Bob strolled ofT some vards, as if he wished to lx> alone with his thoughts. The moon by tins tune had become almost entirely obscured by clouds, and the darkness that prevailed made it very difficult to distinguish anything, even if it was near the eves. Fire-flies flitted m myriads in and "out amongst the foliage, and produced a charming effect. Tlie heat was intense. The sea breeze that had sprung up with the setting sun had died away, leaving the air stagnant, the tes motionless. Even the water in the creek had cea-sed to gurgle, and such stars as wcro visible appeared to burn with a hazy laiiguidnes.s. The silence was solemn, impressive. The darkness heightened the solemnity, and the faint boom that now and again filled the air as the swell surged against the reefs out-side had the effect—so far from breaking the silence— of giving emphasis to it. The mosquitoes were having a high old time of it. To them it was a night of revel, and the white men's blood zn.-uio them drunk with delight. Chibbles and his friend found that, smoke as they would, they could not rid themselves of the unseen enemy, whose persistent buzzing and annoying stings were well calculated to irritate their victims into a verbal expression of feelings which would not bear printing. The sleepers protected themselves by enveloping hands and face in their handkerchiefs, though anything over the face, however light, in such a stifling atmosphere, was exceedingly disagreeable and trying; but of tho two evils it was preferable. Chibbles and Sherard found that they got the most relief from pacing to and fro, nnd waving a handkerchief with perpetual motion up ana down before their faces. But this was trying muscular exercise, and was conducive to a dripping state of the body which was suggestive of a Turkish bath. Moreover, they were fagged and tired, and began to feel drowsy. A languid feeling was stealing over them—the result of the heat and fatigue. Suddenly, however, they were aroused into full activity by a strange sound, a sound that was now to them. It came from the direction of the creek. It was a combination of a gasp, a blowing, a hissing, a grunt, accompanied by a gurgle, a swirl and swish of the water. It wasn't human, that was oertain; but it was formidable and alarming, for it suggested soma monster, either animal, fish, or reptile. Next a grea^ shout and cry—unmistakably human—broke -with piercing abruptness on the stagnant air; awakened the echoes of tho forest, and distubod tho roosting birds. Then out of the darkness came tho rich Milesan brogue of the giant, as ho exclaimed— "Holy Mother, save me. Ould Nick's got a howlt of me." This was followed by a rush and a thud, for the giant had leapt up, rushed blindly forward, and tripping, had pitched headlong into the undergrowth, and this was fairly good proof that if the " Ould," gen deman referred to had really had " howlt" of the Irishman, the giant had succeeded in speedily releasing himself from the unpleasant grip- One of the precautions that had been taken in case of an emergency^was the piling up of a heap of dried grass, on which some turpentine was sprinkled from a can which the boatswain had fortunately secured from the wreck. Bob dashed at the grass, struck a wax vesta, dropped it on the heap, aud as the flames leaped up they threw a weird glow over a strange and startling scene. The sleeping place had been selected within a couple of dozen 3-ards of the water of the creek, in which the boats were moored about a yai-d from the shore. There were two reasons for selecting this position. One was so^as to be near the boats ready to spring into them in an instant should such a course become necessary. And the other was to take advantage of a patch of clean, hard sand, which, when asail was spread over it, afforded a comfortable bed. Not quite as comfortable, perhaps, as a well-stuffed hair mattress 011 top of a patent wire-woven one, but sufficiently so to be highly appreciated by the tired sailors, who, from the nature of their calling, did not often have an opportunity of enjoying luxuries. They slept soundly did those men, and the only one who had been fully aroused by the Irishman's cry was Ginger ; and I10 was sitting bolt upright, seemingly paralysed with fear, for within half a dozen paces of him was a huge alligator, its tail in the water, the front part of its body reared up on its short fore legs, its jaws open, with all the hideous teeth revealed. The saurian had evidently been terrified or fascinated by the sudden outburst cf light from the fire, and its attitude was suggestive of indecision. \Vhether to retreat to its liquid element or make a dash for the. startled Vapu?;n, who, knowing, uo doubt, the savage nature of the beast, and its wonderful activity when it was on the prowl for prey, was justified in his alarm. The alligator's indocision, if indecision it was, cost him dear, for Chibbles and Sherard, both of whom were excellent shots, fired their rifles straight into his open jaws. Instantly the upraised portion of his body dropped to tho ground, and ho partly rolled on his side, while a stream of blood poured from his mouth, and ho beat the water with his tail until it was churned into a whirlpool of foam. By this time the rest of the sleepers were aroused, and when the momentary consternation caused by the sight of the writhing saurian had passed, there was a general emptying of revolvers at him. Some shots took effect, one in particular striking him in the eye, but the majority of them glanced harmlessly off hi3 tough hide. However, "he had got his quietus, for he rolled, writhed, and struggled ineffectually to make off. By this time Ginger had recovered from his fright, and, springing up, he seized a handspike which was lying on the ground, and raising it high above his head, he brought it down with all his strength 011 the brnto's snout. Then two rifles were fired point blank into its throat, and with one great throe it stretched out. its unwieldly body and died. The whole scene had been enacted in a very brief space of time, and certainly not more than five minutes had elapsed from the giant's cry of alarm to the death of the midnight intruder. "Ugh!" grunted Ginger. "Me no like him. Papuan never sleep by creek, 'cause 'gator gobble him up."' The Irishman had now pulled himself together, and coming forward lie kicked die dead saurian, exclaiming as he did so, " Yer dirty baste. Yer gave me the uwfullest fright I iver got in me life. Bv holy St. Patrick", I thought the divil was after me." From the position in which the giant, had been Iving he was the nearest to the alligator when it came up out of the water, and though the giant persisted in declaring that the " baste" had half swallowed him. it was evident from tlie absence of marks on his body that he had r.ot been seized. There wa.s 110 doubt, however, he had had a very narrow escape, and it was unanimously agreed that more caution would have to lie exercised in the future, For, as Ginger declared, and his declaration was supported b3~ evidence, tlie backwaters of New Guinea and the islands rouud about were the haunts of alligators of a very formidable type. CHAPTER XVIII. THE BAY OF 3riSl-OHT[:.VZ. By means of the haudspike and stakes used as levers the dead reptile was rolled into the creek, where ho sank with a dill! plash, ;>,iul then the men refreshed themselves with a draw at the pipe ; ard the}- were kept in good humour, and moved to laughter by Brian Mulligan's account, repeated over aud over again, though always with variations, of how the alligator had seized kim, and Iiuw he had fought and struggled to free himself. And the black cook related anecdotes of crocodiles aud alligators he had seen in Florida aud Louisiana ; while the Yank, not to be outdone, exclaimed — "Guess you boy3 never seen anything to beat a 'gator I seed once down in Virginia. He measured forty- seven feet" ^ "What!" cried the company, in chorus. Yes—Sirs, forty seven fee;; guess that 'stonishes you."' They admitted that it did, and the boatswain ventured to enquire what kind of feet they were. "Forty-seven feet; twelve inches to the foot. Them's the kind of feet I mean," answered the Yank, with energy. ' Don't you make no mistake, boatswain. This yere child aiut given to talking about things lie don't know. That 'gator was the tallest 'gator I've ever seen." " Yes.''remarked Ralston, drily. "It was a tall'gator. But do you know wiiat bectitnc of it:'' " No ; guess not." " Well, it was secured by Bai-nurn, and exhibited in his museum, where it was taught to talk." "You don't say so," cried the Yank, in astonishment, feigned or real. "It's a fact." " And what did it say?" "It used to keep repeating slowly, "I'm fortv-seven feet long. j ni a tall alligator, I am.'' "Look you here. Mr. Ralston," drawled the Yank, " you may lie a truthful man, but bust me, if Fill going to believe that yr.ru Put it was your own alligator.'' urged Mr. Ralston. " No, sirree, T ain't going to take that in." "Well, I confess,'" Kalstmi replied, "a forty-seven-foot talking alligator is a big morsel to take in, isn't it? ' " That's so." said the Yank. "My gullet ain't big enough to swallow him." " Nor is mine," was Ralston's rejoinder. I As the pij>eswere now finished, and flic crocodile stories being all told, Chiobles and \ Sherard turned in with the rest, the Yank and ' the giant being told off to keep watch. And, as an additional security, several logs were heaped uixin tho fire. Very soon peace reigned over the little camp again; the only sound that broko the stillness being the crackling of the burningcinbcrs, which, throwing up mvraids of sparks, and casting a ruddy glow over sleeping men and river, and bringing into sharp relief the trees within thi radius of the light, a picture of shadow and ruddy light was formed which would have delighted the heart of Dor.-. Tlie rest of the night passed without further adventure. The morning broke sullen and heavy, aud soon rain began to pour down, until from the jungle rose a steamy mist, which produced a feeling of extraordinary limpness and lauguidness, and the skipper served out to all hands a li>rge dose of quinine, a bottle of which he had secured from the Break of Day. No one seemed to have much appetite for breakfast, and. having made everything ready, they (rot on board the boats and were glad to leave that hot, unwholesome inlet, and get out to the open water of the sea, where, tho air was fresh, although there was 110 wind, and the heat most trying. The rain descended in torrents, and it became necessary for one hand in cacli bo^t to constantly bail out the water that collected. The sky was sullen, and all colour seemed to have faded out of the landscape. It was a striking contrast to the weather they had been enjoying, but they were to learn that such days were not uncommon in New Guinea, and that the average rainfall was enormous. It is this humidity which makes the climate so unhealthy. When tho boats had rowed a considerable distance from the laud, they got tho benefit of a slight sea, breeze, so sail was hoisted, and the journey to the west coutinued. A very sharp lookout had to be kept, following to the gloomy sky, which threw a leaden hue over the water, tlie sunk reefs and rocks could not bo seen. Where tho sea broke into foam the danger was easily avoided, but it was another tiling with tho reefs that did not thrust themselves up to thu surface. So sharp and strong is the coral that a boat having anv way on her coming against it can hardly fail to bo stove in. That day proved one of the most unpleasant the men had experienced, and they all felt mora or less dispirited and disheartened. Not until darkness began to set in did the rain cease. The boats were then steered for a bay, and run into a tiny little natural harbour formed by the outcropping rocks. Jlaking the boats fast to these rocks, the crew scrambled on shore, and climbing up the gra-sr.-grown bank tiiey earned the summit of a ehfi as flat as a billiard-table, and covered with short grass, with here aud there a cocoa-palm growing. No spot could have been better suited for a camping-ground. It was fully open to the sea, and very different to the steamy, alligator-haunted swamp of the previous night. Ilaving made a fire and cooked their supper, and refreshed themselves with copious draughts of coeoanut milk, the cocoanuts being thrown down by Ginger, who did the climbing, they forgot all the discomforts of the day, and told yarn agninst yarn until the watch was set ard turn-in time came. The night passed without, incident. The morning dawned line. The rain had ceased to fall, but there was a strong breeze blowing, and every indication of its increasing. As the carpenter and Ralston showed some signs of fever, it was decided not to shift tho quarters that day, and tlie two men were dosed with quinine and fed on broth made from ijungle fowl, which some of the others were fortunate m shooting. Towards noon the weather liecame so boisterous that the exposed cliff had to be deserted, and the camp was moved down to the shelter of a ferngrewn gully, where there was a stream of pure water, which was highly appreciated. As the afternoon waned the wind rose to hurricane force, felliug trees as if they had been mere reeds, and stirring the sea into wrath until it dashed itself in ponderous breakers against reefs and shore. The air was filled with tumult and commotion, and the flying spume was carried far inland as. the raging surf thundered against the rock. The adventurers were very thankful that they had got into such good quarters during tlie time of the gale, for the natural harbour afforded ample protection to their boats, and the gully into which they had been forced to seek shelter was relatively cool, and so situated that the wind was not much felt. Tho gale, which was very severe in its character, lasted for three days, so that no attempt to leave tha shelter could bo made. The enforced rest, however, was very beneacial to all hands, and though tlie carpenter aud Ralston seemed at first to be stricken with serious illness, it passed off under the quinine treatment. Abundance of fresh provisions was secured, for the neighbourhood abounded with jungle fowl, goura pigeons, and apeculiar little black pheasant, which was easily shot. Ginger also discovered not far off a patch of wild yarns, which proved excellent eating, while the coeoanut milk afforded delicious and cooling drink. So far the voyagers had seen no natives, with the exception of those who had chased tliem at Sunset. Island. G inger himself came from thqsouthernside of the island, where a very largo, strip of the eastern end was inhabited by ins tribe, which was known as the Motu. But he had never been on the northern side before. He related, however, how he had heard that many tribes inhabited the northern shores, while inL- iud, where the great ranges of mountains pierced tlie clouds, and where no white man had ever been, s0 far as he knew, were fierce races who occasionallj- descended to make war upon the coast people. These mountain races were much dreaded ; they always feasted upon their captives, except the young girls, whom they carried off to tlicir mountain fastnesses. They had mighty sorcerers amongst them, who could control die elements, predict the future, aud work evil or good as they desired. As was well known, the western end of the island nominally "belonged to the Dutch. Their navigators had explored the south-western shores down as far as Torres Straits. Tiiat was about the beginning of the seventeenth century. These evnlorations were coutinued between the years 1S20 and 18iS, and a Dutch settlement was attempted. At the western end is an immense bay called Geelvink Bay, studded with islands, and very beautiful. That Bay the Dutch claimed to have explored, and it was included in the portion they held sway over, as also another enormous bay— Humboldt Bay, further to the east. A Captain Stecnboom wits placed there, and hn erected a fort at a spot known as Triton liay. But he soon left the place, and reported to the Government that all his cattle had died from the unhealthiness of the country, and that the savages were so fiercc and bloodthirsty that they could never be subdued. In consequence of this report the settlement was abandoned, though the Dutch did not relinquish their claim to that part of the huge island, the largest in the world, if Australia is regarded as a continent.* This much was known, but generally speaking the island itself was a ivrra -ncon-\itn Mightv rivers were saicl to flow down from the great mountains ; and weird and strange were the stories .and traditions concerning the mysterious island that were current amongst sailors and navigators who ventured into those burning se,as\ jLcgends -were repeated of immense valleys of shining gold—of the value of which the nat ives had 110 knowledge—and as far back as a Portuenese mariner named it, the Tsla del Oro. or Island of Gold. The southern shores had been partially surveved by British vessels, notably H.M.S. Fiy. which, in discovered the great river that flov/s from the highlands and empties itself into the Gulf of Papua, and was named the Fly. Again, in 1847, Captain Owen Stanley, in command oi II.M.S. Rattlesnake, sailed along and surveyed a large extent ol the southern coast, and bestowed his name 011 a towering mountain, one of a luuge far away 111 tlie interior. But with the exception of these 00a.-* surveys no systematic 'ttmnpt hnd ever been made to explore the country, so that all concerning it was a mystery. The skipper was acquainted with the foregoing par.iculars. an'.' before leaving the pleasant camping-ground in tlie fern gully he held counsel with Chibbles, Sherard, Ralston, and the boatswain, and tliev discussed their position. Captain Finney pointed out that they were at a tremendous disadvantage, having no ship, and be suggested tua: they should steadily pursuetheir voyage to the great Geelvink Bay, where it was just possible they might find r. Dutch, vessel- But the boatswain oppo.sed this in his usual brusque and forcible manner. "Look here, skipper, :: he said. " v.v don't want no Dutch ship. Our boits are good enough for us, aud 1: we don't come to grief they'll carry us back right enough across Torres Straits. I don't see that the Dutch have any basinet nt ail on this yere island, and what we ought to do is to stick the British flag 011 top of that big mountain. Want do you call it?" ''Mount Owen Stanley," answered the skipper. "Well, I say we ou^ht to sin]; the flag on top of that peak, and make this country ail English colony." ' Kasier said than done, my boy,"' remarked Ralston. " Blow me if I ain't game to start off and do it,"' the bmtswain exelaimi-d ; and though not one of his listeners doubted for a moment that he had pluck enough to make the attempt, it was pointed out that without a well-organized expedition it. would be physically impossible to reach the mountain ranges, and as tlie programme was not .".uneAation, but to search for p., golden idol of reputed fabulous wealth, they must stick to that programme and endeavour by every means in their power to carry it out. "Oil, very well.'" growled the old salt, as he bit off an unusually large quid of tobacco from his navy plug. "I'm willing ; but dash • It lias ince been publicly sl.-il.eil tli;-.t O.-ipt-ii Strcillinnlll lliuliuj tlie infiniitoiiv of Ins life tiier inMifiVnlili . purposely killed all 'his cattli'. ami i veil!r,l tiic stones aim it the iiMMRa'.tliinrss of ll clivnu- a„ 1 the 11 err npss of thu savages. As miitu-r 01 I ir! the wo-t ei'.i end is sumiossil to lietl hMl!!-.i>:t .ill 0' tlie slant!, while tlie scenei v >01,1 ,-ornp r?. The pnrruin clnuuti f 1 I'lnltul'l is -"ini'ilv en'i uatc^l to comprise within i 11V'-- square mi es, but no survey lnus ev* btvn in>vle me if I don't think we ought to make this part of the Queen'-f dominions. If we don't, some bloorniu' foreigner will lie doing it." There wa.s another laugh, and the boatswain was credited with having the spirit of the true patriot, but under the existing circumstances patriotism would have to give way to tlie more selfish motive of trying to enrich themselves. A Iter considerable discussion and repeated reference to the chart it, was decided by tho majority that they should soil to Geelvink Pay, and fading to iinci a ship there, which was certainly doubtful, tiicv s'nouid steer direct for New Britain, where, according to Captain Martin's account, the idol had been carried, and where .libberik lost lii.s life in trying to recover it for the tribe over which he ruled. Of New Britain little or nothing was known, and that little bad come from the vague reports of whaling skippers who had visited the island for water and refreshments. But it was generally understood aud believed that the natives of New Britain were the fiercest of South Sea Islanders. However, the adventurers hoped by some means or other, which tliev could not then determine, to propitiate them, and though they should not succeed then in recovering the wonder/ill idol, they might get such particulars as would justify them in hurrying back to Australia, there to fit out another expedition. So their hopes ran high, and collecting all their things together they left the guliy, aud contiuued their voyage at the dav.ui of a new day. It was magnificent weather again, although the heai was terrific, ancl the glare from the water blinding. A strong, steady breeze v.-xs blowing from the south-east, so that the beats were driven rapidly along, and were, kept as near tlir- shore as possible. Improv ised awnings were erected so as to afford some protection from the powerful rays of tlie sun. Owing to the silver-like flashing and glare from the water it. was clitiicult to keep an adequate lookout. But the whalebcat led, and the skipper himself lay in the bows and niloted her. As they sailed along natives were observed on the shore, and in one inlet, that v..v, passed several canoes were observed on the water, the occupants evidently being engaged 111 fishing. At one place, on rounding a headlar.d, the travellers saw a village built 011 piic-s in the sea. At first the skipper thought of running in and anchoring, but, their pre.ser.ee being discovered, they observed the savages, armed with bows, spears, and clubs, tumbling into their canons, evidently with the intention of giving chase. The intention, therefore, was abandoned, and the course held, and as some of the canoes were following, the skipper ordered the oars to be got out in the boats, so as to increase the spred. This was done, aud soon the adventurers had the satisfaction of seeing their pursuers dropping behind, until they were lost right of altogether. The coast scenery thereabouts was surprisingly beautiful, and occasionally through openings in the forest superb views were caught of mountain scenery that rivalled in grandeur anything the men had seen up to then. In the course of the afternoon the boats were crossing a bay winch was clearly the entrance to an inlet. Tlie whole bay was fringed with tropical vegetation of the most luxuriant and gorgeous description. In the centre of the bay was an islet covered with a mass of graceful palms, whose branches hung over in the water. A strong and heavy swell was setting into the bay, and breaking in angry surf against the island and the coast. Nevertheless the place looked so inviting that the skipper decided to seek the night quarters there.- So he called out his intention to the longboat, which was fifty yards asterr,; then he altered his course, intending to pass the islet to lee\\\yird, aud trusting to find a landingplace in the inlet, the onenmg to which could be seen. Giving the islet a sufficiently wide berth, as he thought, he sailed rapidly on. But when abreast of it a huge roller caught tlie boat, shooting it forward like an arrow. She was raised up high on the crest of a roller, then dashed with terrific force on a reef of rocks projecting from the island, and which, unliappily, had not been observed. From the crew of the longboat a cry of horror arose, as they saw the whaleboat crash flown on the reef, split into matchwood, and' her crew sink beneath the waves. The bay was truly a bay of misfortune, and it was destined to be so known for all time. 