THE MYSTERY OF THE MISSING MAN. (Br 'BOONDI' — FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') The Tichborne trouble, likeBanquo's gliosfc, 'will not down.' So long as a fat fraud like the Wagga Claimant sits on it the trouble will keep under, but the moment the weight is lifted up it bobs asjain as fresh aa ever. As near as I can remember this breezy business began somewhere about the 11th century, when a certain Lady Mabel Tichborne lay dying of paralysis, and calling her husband to her side she begged him to make soma provision by which her memory could be kept green in the shape of ail annual dole of food for the poor. Evi dently there was a nice vein of humor run ning through old man Tichborne's compositipn, for he promptly replied : ' Certainly, my dear lady. Tou can have all the ground on this estate that you can travel round in a day for yourself, and out of the revenue derived from that ground the poor can be feasted onca a year in a right merry style indeed.' * ? * Considering that the Ladv Mabel had been lying paralysed for six months or so this seemed a pretty safe offer to make, but to the intense surprise of all assembled I atld the intense annoyance of the funny old knight who ui&'dd'th6 spSrtin'g proposal, the Lady Mabel at once slipped out of bed and managed, in some mysterious manner, to crawl round ten acres of the most valuable land her lord possessed, the tract being known even to this day as the ' Lady Mabel's Crawl,' Everyone declared a miracle had been worked — except old Tich, wlio swore the whole tiling was a put up job on the part of his cunning 'Old Dutch,' but he had to keep to his bargain, for j ust before her death, which happened an hour after, the Lady Mabel predicted that as long as her dole was religiously dealt out the House of Tichborne would flourish, but tho moment it was stopped that instant trouble would fall on the family, and in a short time there would be no one left who could lawfully bear its name. ? « . » « The Tichborne dole was duly distributed for many centuries, but at last the ' nicest people' of tho day began to kick against it, and they declared with much asperity that it was bringing a lot of pony-races and roost-robbers and pauper politicians about the place, and as all this ' scum ' came between the wind and their nobility the dole had better be stopped and the country fumigated, and notices posted that in future all ' sundowners ' and 'deadbeats ' and tramps in general would be prosecuted and poll-axed if they pol luted the place with their pestilential presence. » » » The Tichborne who reigned at that time was an obliging sort of a person, and so he stopped tho annual ' free feed,' as the ' nicest people ' had desired, and from that day trouble began to crowd on the House of Tichborne. To-day Lady Mabel is avenged, for unless the real Sir Roger is still alive there is no one who can justly claim to bear the honored ancient name of Tich borne. The present holders are in reality Douttvs, but they have been made Tich bornes by an Act of Parliament, and another very important matter is that the great Tichborne property was transferred to them with the title. m ? 9 I knew the 'Wagga Claimant personally, and how on earth a fellow like him mauaged to impose upon so many sensible persons is to me the most inscrutable feature of the whole affair. The real Sir Roger was a cultured, scholarly gentleman. The Wagga frand was a vulgar, illiterate boor.' It is quite possible that he had some of the Tichborne strain in him, however, for his mother, a fine strapping English wench, was cook to the Tichbornes, and the head of the house was just about as giddy as they made them in the gallant days of old. Concerning Cresswell, Time, the Great Arbitrator of all disputes, will, sooner or later, satisfactorily settle that portion of the terrible Tichborne trouble. » ? » Talking of mysteries, the mystery of the ' missing man ' — the party who is seen to day and to-morrow melts into thin air — occurs far more frequently than most of us imagine. In England no less than 8800, persons disappeared in one year as suddenly as if the earth had gaped and swallowed them. The majority of those vanishers simply skedaddled, of course, but many of them must have been the subjects of some thing as weirdly romantic as ever occurred to the mind of a master of fiction. * * M. In the case of prominent persons who disappear designedly, a large quantity of money generally disappears about the same time. This was one of the strong points against the burly butcher from Wagga. If a missing man has money at his bankers he generally manages to draw it out in the fulness of time — or perhaps a little sooner. There were ^214, 000 at the call of the real Sir Roger Tichborne, He drew .£10 the day before be did the vanish ing trick, walked off to his club, aud — 'after that the dark.' * w ? We have our own strange histories in this line, too, for scores of men have been missing here for years, and under circum stances as st'rang6 as those which marked the disappearance of the heir to the great House of Tichborne. * o * For example, about eight years ago a well-to-do Italian, Luigi Ambrosoli, went to his bachelor home at Hunter's Hill one night, placed his satisfactorily filled bank book and some receipts on the table, and right there all earthly trace of him came to an end. Five years ago a Woollabra trades man, who was in comfortable circum stances and about to add to them by getting married, parted from his fiancee near her home in Waverley about 10 p.m., and has never been seen or heard of since. * # 9 Concerning how the law acts in such cases, I may mention that some six years ago a rich Londoner named Anstruther suddenly dried up and was blown away, or something equally startling happened, for no tidings have ever since been heard of him. Last voar Mr. Justice Barnes or dered that Anstruther's property be dis tributed amongst his relatives on the understanding that should Anstruther return to legal life the property must be then handed back to him. What a lovely tangle there will be if the heirs take to backing horses, or speculating in wild-cat mines, and old Anstruther pops suddenly up and wants his ' monish ' at the end of a few years more. In that case the heirs will probably follow the lead of the 'stone- broke ' Chinaman, who, on being asked why he didn't pay a £5 fine, blandly replied, ' S'pose no habee, how can ?' * * O During the hearing of the above case Judge Barnes asked for precedents, and he received two very interesting instances of legally dead persons who returned to life. One was that of Sir Charles Napier, who had been declared dead on the strength of the oath of a soldier who swore he saw the corpse of his commander on the battlefield of Corunna. Sir Charles subsequently threw grave doubts on that statement by making personal application to the same Court for legal resurrection. 'I suppose you are quite certain you are alive tiotv, Sir Charles ?' said the jocular judge who received the application. ' Well, the War Department still pays my sitlary,' replied Sir Charles. 'All — urn!' said the Judge, ' I think that is about the most condlusivfc testimony you could put forward.' Verdict for the plain tiff. o o o The other case was that of a merchant who did the good old vanishing act by stacking his clothes on an English rock and taking a dive to San Francisco. He, too, was written down legally dead, and hiB wife tapped an insurance company heavily to recompense her for her loss. Two years after that the clcrk who paid the insurance money caught the precious pair doing the grand in a foreign land, and by the help of the police he spoilt their picnic and tliey soon found themselves 'doing time' in stead. Similar tricks have been tried on here, but a man must be very much dead indeed before his widow can turn his per sonal loss into a pecuniary gain. o o 8 The number of persons who have been drowned and subsequently called back to life by beastly officious detectives is very great indeed. One poor feliotf was drowned a few years ago at Coogee, at least his clothes were found on the beach, and the police fairly turned that end of the Pacific Ocean upside down in their wild endeavors to recover the body. It was recovered about two months later by Detective Hyndes, and when asked to plead concern ing certain defalcations in the accounts of the Victorian Railway Laborers' Society.it said ' Not Guilty ' as firmly as if it had never been drowned at all. The police who had been dragging the bottom but of the sea at Coogee also said something, but that was before their conversion to grace by Brother Brunker, and what they Baid muBt be suppressed for fear it might set this paper on fire. o e e During the palmy days of a certain popular Opera Bouffe Company a highly respectable and immensely influential Melbourne magnate was found drowned in the Yarra (clothes on bank, as usual), and his untimely fate was mourned, not only by ' Tottie ' and ' Lottie,' but also by quite a number of bankers, and ' bookies,' and business people in general, who, like Rachel, lifted up their voices and refused to be comforted. Six months 'later this esti mable party was seen doing the sights of London as fresh as paint. He ' had 'em all on,' and ' Tottie ' and 'Lottie' held up an arm apiece, and they were the observed of all observers until they bumped against a downy D from Scotland Yard, who closed with the resuscitated reveller, and then — 'both fell; Fitz James above, the Gael below !' or, rather, coming down to cold facts, the Colonial was below, and he stayed below for a term of four years. mm* Lastly, for the present at leant, we have the mystery of a man who held a high commercial position in Melbourne, and who was reckoned to be as safe and as saintly as a church. One night his manager and an offensively inquisitive detective called on this gentleman at his splendid villa on the Yarra, and said so many rude things to him that he excused himself for a few minutes, slipped out, and drowned himself in the river. Being pushed for time, this party took his clothes with him, and about a fortnight later a terribly decomposed body was found lower down, and fully identified as that of the missing magnate. This wa3 an extremely sad case, for exactly three days before his dead body was fished up the unfortunate follow had won ,£11.000 on a double — Derby and Cup — which money the poor bewildered bookies have been compelled to hold in trust for him ever since. What makes this case all the more deplorable is the fact that the real body of this unlucky ' sport ' is in very fine form to-day in 'Frisco; but circumstances over which that gentleman has no control prevent him from returning to claim his coin, and perhaps make a lot more by lecturing on ' The Mystery of the Missing Man.' 