Catholic Notes. PASTORAL LETTER. Issued by the Plenary Council. VENERABLE AND BELOVED BRETHREN OF THE CLERGY. BELOVED CHILDREN OF THE LAITY : (Continued.) TEMl'ERANCE SOCIETIES. It wrings our hearts to think of th<» miseries, spiritual and temporal, which come upon individuals and on entire house holds from the one sin of drunkenness. The baneful influence confronts us daily, and in every station of life. If the school boy, who was his parents' idol, and the hope and joy of the priest who watched over his developing capabilities, grows morose and sour, is disobedient to his parents, keeps late hours, and as a matter of course ceases to approach the S;icrainents, and almost gives up the Sunday's Mass, we know whither he gravitates as by a natural necessity; his new home is the grog-shop, his ambition quenched in the tap-room. Nor is this the worst. His errors are not for a season. Of other transgressions we may hope for amendment; but the poison of the glass creates its supremacy, and in spite of efforts again and again to shake it off, the drunkard but too often gives up in despair of reform. He feels the grip upon him is too strong. The tippling young man becomes the drunken husband, the drunken father. In his sober hours he may be faithful and affectionate to his wife and children, but who can answer for liini when he is no longer fit to answer for himself ? Here begins the long-drawn tragedy of home. Here the canker that enters the soid of the poor confiding woman who trusted her maiden sanctity and all her hopes in life to this man out of all the world. First comes poverty, loss of money, loss of place; then loss of hope that anything can avail to reform her drunken husband; and in the blank despair which comes upon her, what wonder that she seeks forgetfulness of her miseries in the glass herself, or that she succumbs to want and heartbreak, leaving her dear little ones to the cold care of a State department. But we need not rehearse the saddening tale of the drunkard's career and end. Our concern is rather to devise counter influences by which the vile appetite may be arrested. And; to begin with, we do not look for any single panacea. Healthy religious home life will do much ; regular recourse to the Sacraments and assiduous prayer will do even more. In this, as in all dangers to the soul, the avoidance of occasions which suggest or lead to the transgression, are of the utmost consequence. The pastors of the Church are aware of the complex nature of the influences which promote or retard moral progress, and they cannot, therefore, put entire trust in any single method of coping with the vice of drunkenness. Nevertheless, we must not belittle the influence of association in this direction; and in populous centres especially, where the dangers of demoralizing associations are urgent, societies for the promotion of temperance ought to find a place amongst parochial guilds. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN S SOCIETIES. The Catholic school supplements the home and the Church in forming and safe guarding the child and the boy. The man who has taken upon himself the cares of home finds in these cares a like saving power. But young men for the most part are simply sent forth to do battle with the seductions of life as best they can, de pending on the principles and on the good sense which they have gathered in boyhood. If they join any of the devotional associa tions, such as that of the Holy Family or the Sacred Heart, or some Catholic benefit society they will of course have every necessary protection. But we think they ought to have the attractions proper to their age, and that these can best be found in Catholic Young Men's Societies. Such societies exist in several parts of Australia, and are exceedingly vigorous where they have received full encouragement from the ecclesiastical authorities. The members have invariably evinced the utmost willing ness to abide by the advise of their spiritual directors, and have been forward to avow their religious principles courageously and nobly. Young men have been found easy to persuade and willing to be guided. They are generally alive to the interest taken in their welfare; and on the whole they will be found zealous to bring the influence of the society to bear upon weak members in order to lead them gently to better ways. In dealing with this association it is well for the priests to bear in mind that its primary end is the religious and general improvement of the members; and there fore that certain works, in themselves of a praiseworthy nature, may not sometimes be acceptable to some members. It will be best to adhere to the lines suggested by the aim and scope of the society. In the result, a well- worked, healthy Catholic Young Men's Society will inspire its mem bers with zeal and disinterestedness, and afford the priest much help in his various undertakings. In some places the society meet annually at breakfast after one of their quarterly communions; and such re unions, following immediately on the reception of the Sacrament of Christian Brotherhood, have proved both attractive and inspiring. BENEFIT SOCIETIES. " It is better that two should go together than one ; for they have the advantage of their society: If one fall he shall be supported by the other ; Woe to him that is alone, for when he falleth, he hath none to lift him up." (Ecclesiastes iv„ 9-10.) The Church has ever encouraged the poor to help themselves by mutual co operation. The history of the guilds of the ages of faith shows how minute and far-reaching was the rational collectivism which she promoted. Every industry, every trade and craft, had its proper guild, the chief object of which was to defend the interests of its members against encroach ments from without, and against one another by securing competence and skill as a condition of membership. The guild was in its entire life permeated by a thoroughly Catholic spirit. It had its patron saint, its chapels in the parochial and cathedral churches, its special holidays, its contributions for spiritul as well as temporal needs; and whenever beset with difficulties it looked to the Church for support. The Church was then a powerful patron. Monarchs and nations were effec tually held in restraint by her. She opposed kings and emperors courageously when she felt it a duty to cross their wishes: but she did not oppose the designs of the Commons when they united into municipal bodies for mutual aid and protection. She rather incurred the displeasure of liege lords by her sympathies with those steady, self-reliant workers. The relations of the Church to the world are now different, but her spirit is not changed ; she looks to the honest toilers for the best achievements of her civilization, and is fain to see them unembarrassed by obstructions which are not inherent in the nature of things. She refuses to regard the worker as a mere producing machine; his dignity as man, his duties and rights as father, his wants spiritual and corporal, impose conditions which must not be wholly set aside by the operation of any economic laws whatsoever. Such laws must indeed be respected. Im practicable schemes will be sure to recoil upon the workers themselves if they dare to indulge in them ; but the advocates of economic science have not seldom appealed to it in justification of measures which experience has since proved to be as unneces sary as they were mischievous. The workers stand in need of defence; let them defend themselves. But let them bear in mind that a man's worst enemy may be of his own household, and that when they are led by incompetent or unscrupulous guides, they are sure to fall into evils worse than those from which they seek to escape. They cannot violate the laws of justice and honesty with impunity; but they can and ought to protect themselves against un scrupulous exactions. At present it seems impossible to realize in this new country the ideal which presided over guild life in the Ages of Faith, and which is urged in the Encyclical of the Sovereign Pontiff, viz., the amalgamation in one society of the interests of employers and employed. In time things may issue in some such har monious fusion. But for the present it appears necessary that the workers should combine amongst themselves for mutual aid; and that they should be guided in their actions by strictly moral principles. We therefore desire that our Catholic people who have to live by their toil should form themselves into such a body, and perhaps it is best that they accept and develop those Catholic benefit societies which exist already in these colonies. It must be born in mind that the members of Catholic benefit societies are bound to comply with the religious ordinances of the Church. They will be expected to set an example of regular observance in attending the Sunday's Mass and approaching the Sacraments. They are not asked to do works of supererogation; they are simply called upon to comply with the laws which bind all Catholics. With regard to the internal administration of the society, and especially its temporalities, the Church will not seek to interfere with its workings. But the priest ought to ascertain whether the branch under his spiritual guidance is on a sound basis, and whether it is being competently and honestly administered. He owes this debt of charity to the members and to the Catholic character of the society. THE CATHOLIC HOME. Beloved Brethren of the Laity. — The foregoing exhortations which we have addressed to your pastors are prompted chiefly by the desire to promote your spiritual and temporal welfare ; to see you grow in all knowledge and understanding, so that when we shall appear before our Divine Master who liath given you life, and sent us to minister unto you that you should have it more abundantly, we may be able to present you a " a chosen genera tion, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a purchased people" (I. Peter, ii., 9); "a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, nor any such thing; but . . . holy and without blemish " (Eph. v., 27). Remem ber your calling. You are fellow- citizens of the saints; you are the domestics of God. No one can make unto himself a permanent habitation here below. Every man is a sojourner, and at most only for a rew years. But on entering tne cnurcn or the Living God, here on earth, you are already enrolled amongst His children ; if you are not within the sanctuary where He reveals Himself, you are in the vestibule of His everlasting temple. His eye is upon you ; He has taken you under the shadow of His wings. You are His plect; you are precious in His sight, for the price paid for your enfranchisement and exaltation is the life blood of His only begotten Son. Great were the favors which He bestowed of old on the Jewish people, yet immeasurably greater has He wrought on your behalf. The words of warning and exhortation addressed to them come home far more forcibly to you—" Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with thy whole heart and with thy whole soul and with thy whole strength; and these words which I command thee this day shall lie in thy heart: And thou shalt tell them to thy children ; and thou shalt meditate upon them sitting in thy house, and walking on thy journey, sleeping and rising" (Deuter. vi., 47). We cannot belong to God by halves. He loves us, as He hath created and redeemed us, disinterestedly; but He will have us wholly and unreservedly. His service is not for the Sabbath only, nor for stated seasons , it is not confined to external rites; the Catholic must have the words of God in his heart; must teU them to his children; must meditate upon them sitting in his house and walking upon his journey, sleeping and rising. The consciousness of God's adorable presence, the light of His Divine Word, and the light-giving action of His grace, impart to the Church a heavenly comeliness; yet all her beauty is from within. She is truly beautiful in the eyes of God and His angels, because she is made up of families and individuals that are filled with the glory of the Living God. The Catholic soul and the Catholic home are the first temples to be built up. Cathedrals, churches, schools, are all but means; their end and aim is the Catholic home, the Catholic character. Within these precincts the Divine Presence is less miraculous, corned less " with observation," than in the economy of the Church; but if our Divine Lord chose to manifest Himself to mankind at the Temple of Jerusalem rather than in the cottage of Nazareth, it was at Nazareth that he surrendered Himself to human guidance, to human control, and lingered for years under that sweet yoke, as if un willing to forego the joy of sanctifying one chosen home. Joseph, the patient, un murmiu-ing, toiling housefather, was schooled and fortified, in those silent years to bear the grandeur of his unique elevation as Patron of the Church ; and Maiy added grace to grace, living an intensest life of liolihess in those years of merit when God was incarnate amongst men as if almost for her sake. Here we have set up for remembrance the pattern of the Catholic home. The child, be he talented, learned and superior in whatsoever degree, is still imder the law of parental objection. He is not wiser, holier, more powerful than Jesus. To impress him with this funda mental truth, God has not only declared His commandment, that we must obey father and mother; He lias gone further still. In the mystery of the Incarnation He has contrived to interweave the relation of home with the plan of the world's redemption, touching them with its divine virtue, and exalting them to a heavenly dignity. The relations of parent to child and child to parent, of husband to wife and wife to husband, bad been sacred from t-lie beginning; heneefortli they partake of the divine. And hence it is impossible that what God hath so blessed and put together, man might rashly part asunder. The vows of Christian marriage are sacramental. The Holy Ghost sets a divine seal upon the pledge of mutual lifelong fidelity which unites husband and wife in lioly matrimony. Hitherto, he gave them graces in accordance with their individual needs and disposi tions; henceforth He provides them over and above the former measure with special aids and sanctities. And, if they are obedient to Him and faithful to each other as the years accumulate, bringing jritli . them young souls to be educated d?or the society of saints and angels and the divine adoption of sonship, He will multiply His blessings beyond their cares, filling their souls with such abundance of spiritual life, that being at length ripe for heaven, they will find it easy to detach themselves from earth. God is faithful to His word. They who enter holy matrimony in a state of sanctity and persevere in His love will infallibly be supported by His right hand in all their trials ; trials and labors they will accept. They will rejoice to be like the patriarchs of old; but their end will be, like theirs, in peace, and their name will be held in honor. (To be Continued.) 