, < !I: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author or '•EITIE SEATOK;" " JESSIE MELVII.I.K "Lucr, THE FACTORY GMIY 1 . - •• •« EUSTACE, THE OUTCAST." CHAPTER XXII.—(COXTIKOBO.) " I can't believe it," cried Albert Clayton, with his usual generosity of sentiment and freedom from suspicionf "It's impossible ; that yon appearance of shame and remorse'o Wuld be deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction ; with which he espoused our side. Bad as he ! was Walsh had not a sneaking, smooth, de- 'l living way with him. I have studied him | * good deal, and I believe he is what he j seems, whether he means well or ill. He j jan't put a face or act a part." "But how explain this sudden .and unexpected flight?" asked William in a tone of I incredulity. "Call it absence, not flight," returned Albert. " inexplicable it is to us now, but wait a little, and in all likelihood he will explain it himself." His listeners shook their heads, Mrs. Walsh herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the worst. William Sime counselled the instant adoption of measures to frustrate any attack which might be made upon them. If Walsh was gone to tell all he had learned, and all that had happened him, there was no doubt that Lady Clayton and Chipps would with all speed try to remedy the misfortune. Still Albert clung to his hope in the reality of Walsh's repentance, and would .not admit that he thought he had turned traitor. And go the day passed, and he did riot return. He morrow arrived, and still he-came not. All the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited for him. At 3ark they were seated ia the blue parlour, Each more convinced than ever that be had betrayed them. Albert would not'yet admit this, but he did not so readily and confidently sxpress his faith in him. As they sat conversing on the subject, the loor was quietly opened, j»rd Walsh glided m and sat down in the nearest chair he came to. A. universal eiclamation greeted his appearance, and all rose and gazed ppon him. He was very pale and seemed wearied and j exhausted. His chest heaved, as if it was weak and panting for breath, but there was a light of pleasure in his eye. and an expression of satisfaction on his features. "Oh, James, where have you been?" asked his wife, as she hurriedly approached "You thought, of course, that I had deierted," he said, in a faint tone—" gone off to see Chipps with information against vou ( all Ah, I see you did. Well, don't wonder at it, for I deserve to be suspecte rd, and the secret wav I went off looked traitorous." "Wehad all bad thoughts of you except Albert," cried William Sime. "He would never allow ns to sav that vou had turned false, but was strong* in the 'belief that you would return with an explanation." "Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walsh, his face flushing with pleasure. " Were you so generous towards me—you who had most cause to distrust me ?" "Pooh," rejoined Albert, "I am prettv good at knowing what stuff a man is made of, and I saw that there was no humbug about yon. When you were found to have gone, I said so, and I have not been deceived that's all." i "Bless you for your sood opinion, sir," R FA» BIGHTS KE:EEVBD,] j rejoined Walsh, in a grateful tone. "It is not the first time you have said so, and your words, as much as anything, m^de me re- j solve to do right. Well, I would have told ' you I was going, but I thought if, you knew «ny intentions you might try to hinder me. j Besides, I did not know if I would succeed, ' and I don't like anybody to know when I fail. However, I haven't failed, for here's the paper." j And as he spoke he drew from Ids bosom a folded, document, and handed it to Nelly, ' who stood in front of him. " My father's will!" exclaimed Nelly, who recognised it in a moment, and stood with it ment The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a satisfied way. "How in all the world did you get it?" inquired Albert. "Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. '« 1 couldn't rest till I got that paper, for I thought it would be some small atonement to the girl for my share in her bad usage, and serve to show you all it was no sham repentance that I professed." " Then you saw Chipps and demanded it nf him." " Not likely," returned Walsh. " I knew that was the worst way to go about it, so I did not attempt it. Chipps knows nothing about it being here, but thinks it quite safe in his. secret drawer. How I got it there, or into the house at all without anybody seeing me, it doesn't matter. There's the will, and both Boh Preston and Chipps are done out of the property." " Bravo!" cried Albert. " That's a stunning trick. We have the ball wholly at our ieet now; they are baffled at every point." "Oh, James—James!" screamed Mrs. 'Walsh, as she sprang forward to support her husband, ifho had suddenly placed his hand npon his breast. She was just in time to receive him as he fell heavily forward. He had fainted. This threw them all into great agitation, out by Albert's presence of mind he was promptly conveyed to the room be had so long occupied, and laid upon his bed. In a few miuutes he revived, and confessed that ; the journey had been too much for him, and j that it had knocked him up a good bit, but ' he had no doubt a few hours rest would re- j Vvive him." -"Tell me,-" cried Albert, who had a painfni rtt?picion of the true state of the case, j did yds* spend any portion of last night in : fee opeo «r-" i Walsh hesitated a few moments. 1 " Well, yes, I did," he at length replied. ' =*1 was forced to '"'•itch a while opposite Chipp's door for an opportunity to get into j the house. As luck would have it, he did not 1 M go to bed, and I had to stand waiting for a couple of hours or so. " And where did you spend the rest of the night?" asked Albert. " Oh, in a snug place," returned Walsh. " Was it under a roof?" •"Well," laughed Walsh, "if you will have it. I spent the rest of a night in a hay stack outside the town. I had strong reasons ior not going to any house in Leeds, as 1 wanted to be off here by the first train." " I was sure you had spent the night ui such a place," observed Albert, shaking his head. " How did you guess it ?" asked Jim, with a curious look. " By those seeds on your coat," was the quiet answer. " Gad, sir, you would make a capital detective," said Jim. " But," he continued, "I was baulked after all, for I fell sound *deep, a£Ur the and train didn't had wake passed. in the The morning next was till a •mail, and confound it, I hadn't the full face, «o I ha& to walk several miW "GoodGod!" ejaculated Albert. "The (exposure and fatigue after such a fever. " My poor husband," sighed Mrs. Walsh, •Jier arms about his neck and kissing him. .Margaret also came forward and took his hand and Nelly said hew very sorry she was that he had endured so much for her. " What was it to what you endured at my hands ?" returned Walsh, who was faking and shivering with a new attack of fever, He strove hard to suppress all manifest.,tion f suffering, but soon his brain was again affected, and once Bjore the fever-fiend^ had him m his power. ivew^ ue -- -- apse shoot and shattered*:him to a. tonbto degree. On the e.ghth day the doctor told bim that the ensis was come, and shook his head sadly m prospect of the issue. He was then sleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm, tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoved, when the delirium left him. The doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. , About midnight Walsh awoke and knew them all. The doctor took hold of his arm and felt his "pulse. It was wild and irregular. He ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was surrounded by the anxious watchers, who asked his opinion of the state of the patient. " Do not be afraid to tell ns plainly, doctor," sobbed the weeping wife. " Out of a kind feeling you may be tempted to deceive us, but it will be a mercy to declare to us the truth." " I am glad you have put it to mo thus," returned the doctor. " My painful duty is to inform you that he will not recover." " God's will be done," groaned Mrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the chamber of sickness. Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to .Mary. She was too true to his best interests to deceive him, and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the near and certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however Grmly and composedly they may be able to look at it, to most it is dreadful to contemplate, while to some it is utterly appalling. Of the latter number was Jim Walsh. The circumstances in which the solemn prospect had approached him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomy and terrible. But lately he had scoffed at the , hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah j but that was when he was strong and full of j robust life—it was when he was in the full ! and unchecked tide of his wicked career. , Now he was stricken down with weakness, , life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought face to face with the solemn j problem. He could not so scoff and sneer at , it now. The divine witness within him rose up to force its claims on his attention, and the j Aeep instincts of his scml would not cast . aside that future to which it was so vitally and essentially related. i There are men in our day who, led on mainly by scientific research and discovery, have gone far astray from the ancient landmarks. The Bible, they say, is for the most part a collection of oeautiful fairy tales, immortality is a mere matter of opinion, God is " an eternal, not ourselves," or " a stream of tendency " that makes for righteousness, and j ^e itself is a thing to be lived in righteous- ! ness and self-denial certainly, but not as in ; the sight of a divinity that shapes our ends, ;It is, however,-in the day of sorrow, in the ; tour of death, that religion has her triumphs; , those times when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irresistibly manifests itself to us, and we feel that the great rticles of our faith rest not upon doubtful nterpretations of obscure passages, but upon the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives. The result briefly and shudderingly ar rived at by Walsh was that there was a hereafter, and he was about to meet it. We say shudderingly; for if it meant anything to him it meant retribution. There he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgressions, any single one of which must produce a fearful reckoning. No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appalled when he knew that he had only a few days—perhaps only a few hours—to live. One comfort there was for him, and he could not help clingingto it. His last deed—that one in the doing of which he had virtually sacrificed his life—- ' Hras an atoning kind—atoning, that is, in ahuman sense; for it was the rendering a signal service to a girl he had wronged. He was not a little satisfied at having done it, even though it had led him within the poTtals and shadow of death. But oh ! he bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for his wasted life—his long course of vice and crime —and in his extremity he asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted him, and during that time by the help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, he waa prepared in some small degree for the dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. He was told in what direction to look, on whom to rely, and taught to repeat a hvmn, which he uttered with a vehement earnestness. On this raft he committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternal rapids? And yet he could not presume to depict an end like his in colors too bright. At the best it was a despairing venture, and the trust he was enabled to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust. His hope sprang out of utter abandonment; his faith could not, perhaps, be defined. And so he died; and his faithful wife, who had wiped the death-damp from bis brow, closed his eyes andbreathed a prayer for his fluttering soul, about to wing its way to the bar of judgment, Let the veil hang down, let none of its sable folds be disturbed, let us leave the dead one to the justice and mercy that reigns behind it, assured that mercy will joyfully descend where justice can give her room, jje was buried in the Necropolis, followed to ^ grave by very few, but Albert Clayton and William Sime lowered the coffin reverently into the grave, and the former dropped a tear on the lid before the earth had time to fall and cover it for ever up. Qn thdr backj pass; n stationer's shop, Albert chanced to glance at a printed bill which contained the contents of that morning's paper, and one line which met his eye caused him to pause and start. The line was this: "Death of Sir Humphrey Clayton." Chapter isttt ALBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INTERVIEW WITH MR. BELL, THE SOLICITOR— t :HU J FS AND BOB PRESTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME OF WALSH. Albfit rushed into the shop and bough newspaper, and he and William went into an eutry to read au account of Sir Humphrey's death. It was a short paragraph, aud stated that the Bironet had died suddenly, two days • previously.at tbe family residence in Leeds. It -was added that, owing to the recent melancholy death of his sou, the estate would go to the child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would no doubt be placed under trustees. This event calls for prompt action on my part," exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding ! up the paper they issued again into the street. i " I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rr 5 ' OIit Uljr resolution of consulting with Mr. Bell, and putting the case into his bauds." Accordingly, that afternoon. Albert, in his j make-up as a Frenchman, with wig, moustaches, j and spectacles, departed ia the te«n. It was dark when be reached Leeds, and he proceeded j direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. t" , He b'>d not si-en tliat gentlem-in for several ; veirs—seldom, indeed, s ncc lie had ceased to act ,s his fathers lnwver. He wondered, there-1 , . ,, . ,, . . | foic if lie would ircognisc linn, anil lhoug.it if | lip iiid, what a shock he would r< ccive 011 being I \isiie.l by one whom he considered dead. I Hi using thus,lie rang the bell of the solicitor'* ! chambers, and the answer lo his inquiry, if Mr. Bell was within, was made hesitatingly in the affirmative. The girl looked with a mixture of curiosity and suspicion at the very French-looking peisniwge who stood before her, and held Hie door in lit r hand without inviting him to come in. " Can I not sre Mr. Bell ? " inquired Albert. " Is he < ngaged ? " X think he is," she answered. " He has just, got dinner, and he always has a sli ep al ter it. Perhaps you would c _your bush- ess is uot very important." It does happen lo be important, though," obs. rved Albert ; " and as be is closeted only with Morpheus, I'll take the risk of interrupting the consultation. Vrtll you please, therefore, show me to bis room ? " Seeing that the queer-looking visitor was not to lie put off. the girl led tbe way along the lobby, and showed him iuto a loom shelved round and furnished with a, very large business table 'l'bis was evidently the solicitors oClce. The table, immense as it was,groaned under the piles of tape-secured papers. The shelves were filled with numerous other packages and neatly painted tin boxes. In front of the table was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and at one side was a cushioned *ofa, apparently for the accommodation of visitors Albert sat down on the latter, and had not waited long when tha door opened and the lawyer entered, rubbing his eyes, which were j sleepy in the extreme. Clearly enough he had been roused from a sound nap. Mr. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly, jovial alrierman than a lawyer. His corporation was really something to boast of, being not only huge, but well-proportioned, and Mistained by a pa'r of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short, but upon it there was a large round head, well covered with light, curly hair. He had a pleas mt, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, and a very sparkling and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, as we have said, in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a full development of the reusouiug powers, and giving assurance that he was intellectually qualified for his profession. Bestowing & look of inquiry on his visitor. Mr. Bell went forward to the table, and deposited his corpulent body iu the easy chair, during which process Albert was quietly divesting himself of his wig, moustaches, and spectacles, whereby he was changed from a shouldershrugging frenchman into a well-favoured youth with a. bright, laughing eye. The metamcrphcsis naturally made tbe lawyer look at him more narrowly and fixedly. "A medical student who has got himrelf into a scrape,"thoughtMr.Bell,who but dimly caught sight of his feature s. Albert rose and came silently to the other side of the table, where the gas shnne full upon him. There he stood with his rouud blue eye fixed on the lawyer, and a smile playing round his mouth. Mr. Bell started,rubbed his eyes more vigourously than before, and stared at tbe youth in astonishment. It requires something very extraordinary to throw a lawyer—espeeally a shrewd, self- possessed lawyer like Mr Bell into such visible amazement. For some moments Albert spoke not, but stood enjoying the astonishment and perplexity depicted on the other's face, ft " Do you know me. Mr. Bell ? " he at length aslred,striving all be could to suppress a twinkle in his eye. Know you ? " repeated the astonished lawyer. " I think I do, and if I do, by Heaven ! I must be speaking to a ghost." Albert laughed outright. *' Does a ghost conic disguised in wig and spectacles ? " he said. " I dou't know," answered the solicitor. " I never bad a visit from one before." " 1 should think not. Well I am not one either. I am distinctly in the bedy, 1 can assure you." " Then am I right in supposing you lo be Mr. Albert Clayton ?" " You never were more correct with a supposition. I am that individual." " And vou were not drowned in Waterloo Lakn •»' " Certainly not. I was very nearly murder- ed there, but-, as good luck would have it, I was pulled out after my murierer had gone off. dcemiug that his kind intentions towards me had w been entirely fulfilled. My deliverers restored ;lrbFq• me to animation, aud I thought it as well to keep retired for a time. My father's death has, however, brought me out of concealment, and I have come to you to get advice, and iu fact to put myself aud a very singular case in your hands." 4 4 Bless my soul and body! I was never more astonished iu all my life," ejaculated Mr. Bell,, 2 recovering rapidly, and getting into bis usual' R stale of coolness. " It was an intended murder,- was it ? Who wanted you out of tbe way ?" i •• My stepmother. Lady Clayton." t "Good Heaven ! was that the way of it ? She. wished tbe estate for her own child, and hired the man who went w ith you to tbe lake to put you out of the way ?" That is exactly it'," replied Albert. " It is a shockug business : and they say tbey think you are dead r" " They've not a doubt of it—neither her ladyship uor Mr. Chipps, her lawyer." " Ha !" exclaimed the solicitor, ratching his breath, " had Chipps a hand in it r" "He was art and part. He it was who arranged with the mnrdercr, and bargained for his services." *' Well, I'm glad of that. I've long bad a hatred of that low, cunnirg blackguard, but ifj wc can make this out 1 have him neck and heel in his own trap. I would give a good deal to see the long-necked rascal swinging in a halter. ?.iid her ladyship with him, for I have si-, nays been of opinion that they are equally bud." " Six and half a dozen," rejoined Albert. " However bad they are we can't put them in a halter, for you see no murder was committed." " We can transport them, though." Possibly, but I dou't want that, either. WLit 1 want is to baffle them both by getting lie triate for the rightful heir." *• Aijy easy matter that, at all events,' said Air. B'U. •* AH you have to do is to turn up at the l-i.-Uf-e and get yourself served." •• I'yself ? No, no, I am not the heir." " YM are not the heir of Clayton ?" said Mr. Htd, rn great surprise. " I?a." " Then who is ?" • My nephew. The only son of mv elder Lr.jtber.*' " Whew !" said the solicitor, laying bis two bands on his ample paunch. " Another mystery." " Yes ; and more of the same vile plot. But I think it better to lay the slory before you ic detail. It is rather a long one, but as it will give you information which it is of the utmost importance that you should have, if you can spare he time, I shall " " SSay no more," cried Mr. Bell, who was now fully interested. " 1 am diseugBged for tbfl evening, and were t not. I would make myself free, for tiiis is a matter of paramount importance. Just wait till we get a bottle of wine, and then let me hive the whole affair." " A bottle of wine and two glasses, Bessie." " Yes, sir." Bessie' vanished, aud quickly returned with the articles named. It was something rich to ! see how she stared, first at Albert, au«t then at the wig and spectacles that Uy on the table. I ^ ftuy further notice, and made her exit, after bestowing another wondering glance on the ; strange visitor. I " Now for it," said Mr. Bell, pouring out a glass for himself, handing the bottle across,and laying himself out at full length iu his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to which Mr. ! Bell pointed, sat himself down and began his narrative. Briefly.yet succinctly aud tniuutely, ] be gave the substance of all with which the 1 reader has been made acquainted In tbe fore- | going chapters. The lawyer listened not only ; with patience, but - with - - absorbed - - atteniiouthe story. as it was told, bringing to his face I,— , varied expressions of indigu-tion, satisfaction, | ind delight. At that point which related to Harry. «nd the cruelly to wbi< h he was subject- | C armiy ^Jr^Hif together. His eves h lT' flashed 1 biS , and t^1l his \- T hands S f ; : fcwitctied nervously. The villanous plot against Nelly likewise provoked him to honest anger, ! out other portions, especially towards the close, ' which made all things secure for justice, gave ! imh inteuse delight, | '' ^TJLNS- T 0 ;" h M T he " | Albert was done, we have the ball entirely at • jur feet. You have managed the matter nobly, ind circumstances have played into our hands ! wiih singular good luck. We are in a position to ihiver their hellish sche-n.e to atoms, and 1 shall jain a triumph over Chipps which willI fully j repay tbe evil trick he and l.er ladyship did in jetting me ousted as your father's agent." ; " Thar.,' : returned Albert. " was a sti p I jtrongly disapproved of and deplored, but my j lather was getting weak in the mind, and Jizc- j Z ^ ^ l V ^ S JUinp:.. r.j" • • oh, I understand the thing perfectly,*" said j tlr Boll. " 1c dO'Sii'e matter now, for we can them, ««d that'* everything The death if Walsh, of course, prevent* us from pressing igijust tll ls y on sily t jt might do us no good to bring u:< 3!ii|ps f«r his conduct to the poor boy. It will- )e enough of revenge to ns and mortification lo hem to knock away every plnnk from 1'Cueath ;li«-ir f a n d leave them floundering in the NUIL." " Then you will take the case in hand ?" snid ;l;e yi-uih. •• Won't I !" exclaimed the solicitor. " Never Jid I inl.tr on one with moi« gusto. Lit me. see now. If tluy are audacious enough ><• SIH-.V iglit, as 1 lx-lievi- t!i«y wili—fur Chij«j)i',lik<\- tin: arorm that he is,will crawl though he is clioppt-.l •nto bits—of course, their defence. » ?aiust tuc llaims of Harry will be that he is ilirgitunat^. Deborah Hickson can prove tiic opp-jsite,' laid Albert, hastily. Of course she can; and proliahlv *« shall l>« ible to huut" up tbe cert ificate. lint, tlx: )>!>-=>, tven if it stood £«o<). would not help tlicin a oit, for suppose Harry's claim set aside, you 2ome in next. They can't make you a bastard on any pretence." "Thank goodness, no," faid Albert emphatically. "But Harry is not illegitimate,»nd nothing shall keep him out of the estate ; I would uot take it, even if the Uw give it to me." "Well, well," smiled Mr. Bell, " all very good. I don't think you'll have an opportunity for the display of such niagnauimily, for, if I can rely on all the points of your stcry. as na doubt I may, it will oofc be difficult to make tbe boy's claim good. It is tbe duty of a lawyer to anticipate and consider the defej ce which it is probable or possible for the opposite to make. I by no means think it l'kely that Chipps will advise her ladyship to contest Harry's right, seeing that neither his success nor his failure cau do her the least good. Besides.^ you ,are the only party to take steps against him. And wese you a gneily. grasping adventurer, and I a lawyer of the Cl.ipps "frtamp,' 1 have uo douLt we might mi.n«ge to in the possession of Clayton." (TO BE CONTACTED.) 