A Night in the Roe aurm Inn. (BY E. LOWE,) '-Tilda,' cried Fred, making up his mind to bring the matter to a con clusion. The widow leaped and answered with sudden gladness in her tone, SYes, Fred, yes !' 'Ye're going in, ma'am,' said the old man. 'Shut the door, ma'am, and good-night.' 'Tilda,' said the young man, jump ing to his feet, 'we're unjust to each other. Each is trying to make the other give in. Now, there's no need of that. I'm sure you knew what brought me over toanight. I want a good serious talk with you. So bring in the bottles and let us sit down and discuss the future. It'll be near morning before the.moon rises, and I expect to ride away with- oeh, Tilda ?' And he approached the widow with a playful look on his face. 'Oh, Fred,' sighed the widow, ' I often said I'd never marry again. Poor dear dead Tom comes back to my memory when I hear marriage spoken of. Poor dear dead Tom! Poqr dear dead Tom !' Fred had his hand on her shoulder, and, drawing her head to him, whispered, 'Tilda, my own Tilda, we must forget the past, we must think only of the future.' 'Poor dear dead Tom, poor dear dead Tom!' sighed the widow, as she let her head fall on Fred's breast. Just then, through a chink in the side of the wall, a sharp, eager, voice whispered, 'Hi, there!' Fred dropped in his chair as if he had been shot. The widow trembled and turned her back. The sound came from the outside. Two or three minutes passed and the silence was undisturbed. 'I thought I heard someone,' said Fred, in a low tone. 'Yes, so did I,' whispered the widow. 'But could it be in the air ? Several times to-night I thought there was some one about. What could anybody be doing about there ?' Fred got up and walked out around the house. The old man was sitting on the edge of the verandah, and ap peared to have now quite dozed off, for his hands were folded on his breast and his head hung down. There was nobody at all near the side wall, and the sound of heavy sleep came from the a'partments of the girls and the waterman. 'It must have beena gust of wind,' said Fred, returning. 'There's no body about, and the old tramp is sleeping.' The widow brought in a bottle of brandy and a bottle of wine, with glasses and a jug of water, and sat down at the opposite side - of the table. 'Help yourself, Fred.' 'Not likely, said Fred, 'until I have first helped my own Tilda. Now, now, you may let me call you * that,' and he hitched his chair a little nearer to her. 'Now, just a little sup, see,' and as she lifted her glass from the tray, he bent his lips to her forehead. '.Hi there! hi there !' came from the chink. The glass fell from the widow's fingers, and the wine ran over the cloth. Fred looked at the chink, and walked over to examine it. It was merely an opening between the Slabs, over which a piece of an illustrated journal had been one time pasted, but the paper was now torn off, and you eould insert two fingers in the aper ture. Fred put his eye to the hole, but all was darkness. He again walked round the house, but found everything as before. 'It's strange, Tilda,' he said. 'I was sure I heard something that time. It sounded like 'Hi, there !' 'That's how it sounded to me, too,' said the widow. 'It was like a whisper. I can't tell you how alarmed I am. As long as I've been in this Shouse I never heard anything like it before. Oh, Fred, I think I'll go into my room, and we can talk about things some other night. I can't get poor dear dead Tom out of my head.' 'Nonsenso, nonsense,' declared Fred. 'As likely as not it is the wind. I'11 hang a coat over that chink, and keep the air out.' And cloming back to the table he said, 'There now. That stops it. Let me fill your glass again. Oome.' And he brought his chair up alongside hers. 'Now, Tilda,' he continued, pouring some brandy into a glass for himself, do give me the word I've been so long wanting. I know how you feeool towards me, but you've never said the word. And there is always a gap until that word comes. Do say you will be my wife and everything will move straight from that.' 'No, no, Fred,' sighed the widow. 'Somehow I can't, I can't. Poor dear dead Tom seems to look at me from 'his watery grave and tolls me not. I can't, I can't. I know I esteem you ever so much, and I thought one time it would be as you wish, but when it comes to the point I can't, I can't. I will go down to the grave a widow. Poor dead Tom, poor dead dead Tom! I was true to him living, and will be true to him dead.' ' Tilda, Tilda !' pleaded Fred. ' L~t the dead lio. My heart is yours; my .. . ... _ :__?=. .. =.= m heart'and soul are yours. Surely you will not make my pleading vain. Do give me your hand. Let me lift your dear fingers to 'my lips. Do, do !' And he caught her hand. 'Look up into my face, my love, my only love. Now while I kiss your fingers and look down into your eyes will you, will you open your lips and speak the word ? Just one little word.' The widow's face was pale, and with her eyes half closed she was opening her lips. when a voice came through the door sayxng, ' Hi, there! Hi, there !' 'The deuce !' exclaimed Fred, as the widow fell back into her chair. 'There's no use in hunting that con founded ghost. It's in the night. I have half a thought, however, that it is that lunatic tramp.' 'Poor dear dead'Tom !' sobbed the widow. 'I'll go to my room. It's no use, Mr. Nagle, asking me further. I can't, I can't.. I'll be true to Tom's memory till the last. I believe that voice in the air is his dear spirit hovering about me at this time of ex treme trial. Once for all, Mr. Na'gle, I'11 never marry you or anyone else. Let me go to my room.' 'Stay, stay,' entreated Fred. 'It's nothing. Come over to this end of the room. If it's any living body he can't see us over here. Now do. Give me your hands. That's right. Think, now, my old Tilda, of the happiness before us. We'll journey through life with Tom shining for ever over us. Won't the birds sing? Won't the flowers spring up all about us ? Won't our hearts beat as one, and our souls think as one ? The earth is nothing tome. The mountains are only stones. Rest your head on my breast, dear. Now, Tilda, Tilda, speak the word. Lift up the little red lips, open the eoft azure eyes. Let me hear it. Don't stir. Let .me hear it. Come; say it after me.' The door creaked gently. 'It's only the wind, my Tilda. It's nothing. Speak. Oh, think of the rapture with which you will fill my heart! Turn about this way. Letus turn our backs to that disturbing wind. Now, my Tilda, nestle your head over my shoulder, and bridge over the gap that stands between us. I'll not let you go till you speak. Say 'Yes,' a little 'Yes.' My beloved, my beloved, do,' A barefooted form stepped softly up the floor. ' I'm waiting, Tilda; waiting for the little word. Mine? Won't you be mine ?' 'Oh, poor dear dead Tom!' sighed the widow. ' Oh, Fred, don't ask me, don't ask me. It can never be. I am getting sick. My head is growing dizzy.' 'But before I let you go,' insisted Fred, 'that word must come. ' You're mine, heart and soul, must be mine. I have longed, longed, longed for this hour. Come now, come now, the little "Yes," the little " Yes." Let me hear it.' "The widow struggled to release herself. Fred held her firmly and pressed his lips to her foiehead. The form behind extended its two hands and almost touched the collar of Fred's coat. S'Speak,' cried Fred. 'Mine? You're mine! Speak, beloved. Speak Tilda. Let me hear youir last word. What is it ? Isn't it "Yes ?" ' 'Never!' exclaimed the widow, making a sudden struggle to free her self, but Fred gripped her tightly, and was clasping his arms about her, when the form behind seized him by the collar and lifted him three feet off the ground. In an hour later Fred's horse was saddled up and he was reidy to start back to the station. 'Have another glass, Fred?' said Mr. Malone. 'It may be a good while before ye'll come back. I don't blame ye.' 'Why didn't you say you were Tom Malone when you came up to the verandah ?' asked Fred, still smart ing under the awkwardness of his position. 'Well, sonny,' said Tom,"' the way I left Tilda wasn't 0 K. I knew she thought I was dead, and I couldn't blame her if she had took up with another. I made up my mind I'd never come back, but I have seen a good many women since, and nobe as good as gilda. I kind of yearned this long time to return and see her. If I found her married, I'd have looked at her a bit, unbe known, and would have sliddered without letting on. I soon spotted you. I saw she wasn't married, but was near it. I watched ye. I didn't mean to interfere, but when I saw ye rubbing too close I couldn't help calling "Hi, there !' But I didn't do it loud-like. It was only just a whisper I couldn't keep down. How somever, if she had said she'd take ye I wouldn't have interfered. I'd have slidderel without letting on, and would be now five or six miles off in the bush. But, as ye found, sonny, she was true to dear dead Tom, and when I saw that clear I couldn't hold myself from lifting ye by the ears, sonny. Tilda; I say, Tilda, come on in and shake hands with Fred. He's going now, and is not likely to come this way any more. He didn't know, any more than ye, that I was about.' And ?frs. Malone come in, her eyes all swollen with.weeping, and as Tom said 'Ta, ta, Fred!' the young man drove his spurs into his horse and swept across the country with the rising moon in his face, and he never saw the Red Gum Inn after. 