GRANNY'S GHOST, It was in Milltown, this haunted house of which I write, and. as is usual in such case?, the occupants were ill at ease. . It was annoying, to say the least, to hear that ghostly rocking, rocking to and l'ro in iniduight hours, when the slightest sound nssumed startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought Ihe rlace at a bargain—or eo it seemed ; but if he had known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any prion. Not that he was nervous or believed in ghosts; but it was "deucsdly nneomfort- »ble,' : he said, to be roused from slumber half a dozen times in a night with the information that somebody was rocking the big armchair. Well, let 'em rock," he growled. " I don't n ai.t to.?' " Yes ; but Harvey, what is it r " • " I don't know and don't carc. Go to sleep, Sarah." And Sarah tried—prrhap3 she succteded ; but when that mysterious rocking began again the scene wis repeated, until in desperation the squire would go to the la.rge apartment which ansrerrd for kitchen and dining-room. It was very comfortable there. A bis rocking-chair occupied the cozy corner between the hearth and the pantsy door. L T pnn a smuil stand were the evening papers and a lamp. Just opposite was Sarah's lew chair, iu which she WHS wont to rock and knit. But why the rocking | should continue after the occupants of the chairs were in bed was a matter that puzzled anil alarmed her. Only lately had she heard the sound, but she was sure her cars did not deceive her. The squire: did not tell her upon his return from the investigating touis which she forced him tei nmke that the l>ig chair was swaying back and forth as if r.-ccn'ly varat d. "Some natural cause for it: but I'll be confoui.dud if I ses just wnat." lie niut-tere.'. then unblushing ly declared to his wife that not j a thing was stirring, not even a. mouse. Whin she hi-ill to talk i:f fih.is's lie ridicu'ed the id<a, yet wi-ndered the. while why the place was sold si> cheaply. 'I'ci bo sura the house was snmt-wli-t <nit <;f >e-,>.-iir but p>int and plaster wnuld ?c-in roii;e-!\ t!;..t : t.V land was good an I we!: located ; if tli:-ie sh-mid be such a thing as a h-iiso hi in-himitcd, toat j wouid Heeouut. " But, nsli.tv/ ' tiii-rc are no thoots,"" he n:«>:ita!i.y lumed ; ?.!sd j,e I tJis. mi-scd the msUvr fr.-in his mind and jji-pt thesleep 1 of the just. i Not so poor enroll. tViii-u t;.,, „],,. ,.,|Cf, ; poss- s.-ed hi r min i sl,r- cmild n -.; j.,.i rj.; , f : She liegan to rank" raut:osts Tii'pi- iit-.5 ul j.;..- ncishmnil's i onci renur 11;.-. tei ;:-,c.r , | |J1S 1 faini'y Sin- lc:-rnc.i fi.v Mr. H tiii- had I e n : a wiil.iwer -.Mih mm r.:l : Ijil.i;-. n. A sen ml g.i-1 his i.eipW: ..i'd u.-.-rlici comifletMt the family " When she h--! out and moved awav 'Ihe Louse doesn't look the same «ituout tie old Uiy .she ahvJ15 ju )!,at corn-r and i-..cl;cj. I eau just shutmyejes ana sec ner now." Thus the voluble neighbour chatted on, unmindful of the horrible ccrtainty that took possession of Mrs. lilkins. " 1 just know it, Harvey. " The house is aetUKlly haunted,"" she Fa id to her husiiaud that night, in a terrified whisper. It's old Granny Harris's ghost, rocking in your big chuir. Whatever shall we do ?" " Do nothing,"' snapped the Squire, to whom the subject had become an exasperating one, " The old woman is welcome to reek all night, IUSL 60 she don't dispute my claim to tbe chair before bedtime."' " Oh, Harvey, how can you talk so ? I would not sit iu that elixir for tho world." " The old woman, Harvey ! She's rocking ! 1 cen"t stand it." " Confound the old womsn—and you, tos ! I • ever heard of a moie peaceable ghost. What would you do with one. that wandered around in a winding sheet, with fiery ryes and sulphurous breath ? " Poor Sarah cowercd beneath the bedclothes while her husband resumed his snoring—a sound much more formidable than the mysterious rocking. Squire • Elkins was not a cruel man, but he knew little. about nerve.-:, anel had not the least sympathy for his timid wife. Nothing but bodily danger could alarm him. " Harvt y, can't I send for Cynthia ? I'm really ill.'Vaid Sarah one morning after a night of almost incessant rocking. •• Why, of course, if you want to ; but not a word about .ghosts to her.'-" Cynthia was her maiden sister, who lived wi!h their brother Johu, in Newton. She came at orro. " Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact," i was the. sympathetic spinster's greeting, " But I'll cLiikyou up a bit. I brought some sassafras anel camomile and lady's slipper with ine." The day paste l pleasantly enough, ai.d at nine o'clock all was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept juit across the hall from her brother and his wife. There was onlv a partition between the bcelro3m» and the kitchen-, though both doois opened into the hall. ' Sarah." called Cynthia, an hour later, "ar-e you iil r " "No," was the muffled response frtmthe covrrt of the bedclothes. " Is Harvey ?" " No," again. " What's he Mtt.iug up for .?" " It ain't him, Cynthia." " Well, who is it r' " I don't know." " Don't know ? Well, I'm going to know 1" The bedroom door opened aud au eLer^-ctic step was heard in the hall. " Don't don't, Cynthia ! Listen to me !" came in terrified accents from the opposite room.» Cynthia opened the door as Sarah whispered faintly— " It's—it's a ghost, Cynthia ; but don't let Karvey koow.l told." " Harvey, Harvey !" ciied Cynthia. " Get. up and see who's in tint rocking- chair.*" " Lord preserve us ! What'll I do with two of ®em ?'• -groaned the poor squire, as Cynthia retreated to bed and stuffed the clothes in her ears to shut-out the mysterious rocking that came and ceased, and camc aud ceased, aud came ugain, all night long. In the morning she heard the story, and understood that no herb, however potent, would " chirk up " her sister-in law. Another night,a repttition of the first, Cynthia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with her. • Squire -Elkins felt greatly rc-ieved at first ; but when a week had passed he began to long for company, and hailed with pleasure the night's sojourn of a passing p: ddl- r. To his aunoyancc the transient guest inquirjd in the morning th6 meaning of the rocking he had beard. The squire explained snd tlie news tli»t the Hariis house was haunted Hew ejn willing wings. Then the real trouble began. He was deluged with inquiries aud confronted by the most senseless and bloodcurdling tales imaginable. He denied and exaggerated by turns, j and the ball kept rolling. The house was j avoided as if a pestilence lurked there ; team- j sters whipped up their horses and hurried liy. i Some eveu viewed tho Squire askance, until in • his righteous indignation he grew- so fierce that it was said he was going crazy, and that (iu ! addition te tbe ghost) w?s why his wife had left | him. | A few ventuiTSume spirits essayed an invest!- j gatiou, but cjch one heard the mysterious ; sounds, and we*nt away to add fresh fuel lo the flames. Ooc even assorted thdt he had seen a ; shadowy form, in cap and spectacles, swaying i to and fro within the chair, and heard a moan- ' ing as uf scmcone in distress. And nobody questioned the truth of the- stBtemcat. tnough not a single hearer would have believed ths man on oath iu a business transaction. The Squire-grew sick of the "infernal nonsense," as Le termed it, before two weeks had pasfed, ami wrtite to his wife to return home. When she did not come he went overtoNewlon to see about it. He gave a full history of how his iu igbbonrs—" the confountled idiots! were talking, and bid Sarah "pack her duds aud go homo lo shut their mouths." "Oh, Haivey, sell the place—give it away— anything but take me hack theie ?" pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Klkins stormed and tore, and swore he wnifid never do it Tor any ghost, nor the foolish whim of a woman. "Does the chair really rock, Uncle Harvey?" rsked his neicr, Kitty Elkins when she found the squire alone. "It does for a fact, Kitty." "But what makes it go ?'" " Granny Harris, I re-ckon—I don't know what else. They say she always sat in that comer; it's a very comfortable ens; I don't wonder she likes to come back ; and I'm sure no one ought, to complain if I elon't. We never crcupy the chair at the sa-aie time." "But she's dead. Uncle Haivey ; you surely don't believe in ghosts " Don't know. Kit. There's somethin mighty queer atout it. But I never heard of a seiisihh r ghost. As long as she dou't take to wandering arcund, I've not a w-ord to say. Sho ran have my chair whenever I don't want it. I don't SOB how folks can be so selfish." "I'M tell you what we'll do, Uncle Harvey. If Net. Baker will go along—and I know she will, she's aliva-> > , for any fun—we'll go with you and lay that gliost, so Aunt Sarah can return lo her home again."' The next night IWJ merry, mischievous girls w< re domiciled iu the hall bedroom. "How's the ghost- ? asked the Squire in the morning. "I entirely forgot that 'Granny' doesn'tintroduce herself when she comes, and we went to sleep and never woke up till broad daylight," . . ... „ « „. ,„ admitted (Tncle Harvcv!" Kitty. "We'll stay awake tonight, j So the next, night they turned their light down and told stories to keep awake till the ghost should make her presence known. They had not long to wait. Turning up the licht lh?y hastened Hi the kitchen. Yes, the chair wrs rocking, but nothing further could they .•i.-covrr. It wr.s vacant, for Ki'.ty sat in it, tom-keas- nrancedou'iiysure. They withdrew- , leaving - be light this tmie. When ihe rocking : 1 they iiiej rusled upon the scene wkh * e same if-alt as before. It did look queerthat sw•»yins chair, propel'ed by unseen torces : but I'tither of the gii 's was superstitious in the lei-st. "One itglicst i n't i. this t-:,:,..'- 've learned," saiJ Kit. "the cf a light. We'll stay, too. iK.-urlit a qutU and pillows, aiul <1 d.j. ill su.ii:-Si!adov.- to >.VJIrli. All was quiet .illy ".as fast li si::^ c.'i::'eiousucs:; wl.el t noise roiii.-d her. lir? sa_tnp atnl pei n d aiiTiOiisly at tie io-.king-cha:r. Ne.l!ii:ij; unusual could s!;c see.; hut j-.ist br-yoi.d a slight inovcm- ut c. u^ht her kei n ••;«. She pra^e-i a c Net's arm and said in K-r.^iie-si d merjim.'.-iit- — "Granny must, be ccming. Bee those two little black eyes j-i-1 beyond the chair?'" In an instant the eyes were followed by a tinv brown head. Then an agile mouse sprang from a hole in the plasteicd wall to the back of the chair. Doivn it ran to the arm, jumped from there to the stand, aud very industriously began tearing jiie-ces from a newspaper. WLen it had^all it could carry it hied away home by its previc.us route. The girls had been so interested in the little creature's movcra- ids that the truth never dawned upon them until it had jumped from the swajiug rocking chair and disappeared into its hole. "Granny, as I live!" exclaimed Kit. "Hurrah! Uncle Harvey! Uncle Harvey! we've spotted the ghost!" Aud then they laughei long and loud until the squire appeared. The chair was still rorkmg from tho impetus the tiuy mouse had given it, and the mystery was explained. " I thought the old 1B dy had been making kind of free with my papers late-ly ; but I liatcdto mention it, not wanting to seem selfish," wss the Squire's only comment. Aunt Sarah came home after the walls had been repjastered, and Uncle Harvey give each of tile girls an elegant gold ring for services rendered. And woul.l you believe it? After the thing came out-, not a soul could he found who ever believed there was any ghost—not even Mrs. E kins herself. That ring is still among Kit's choicest treasures, and she is often peisuaeled lo exhibit it to her children's guests—of which I chanced' to he one—while she relates how the Karris ghost was laid. 