CHAPTER XXVlí The Course ol' True Love. Notwithstanding my anxiety to return to Manxby, I Avas detained iu ¡town .for three days. A maiden aunt, lately deceased, had left me a few thousands, and I called on my solicitor relative to the disposal of the money. He strongly advised me to buy a practice, and settle down; but infected as 1 was with the love of roaming, I was dis- inclined to remain in England. Ultimately I resolved to revert to my old mode of life, aud to this end 1 invested the legacy so care- fully, that with my original income 1 (had now close upon five hundred ¡a year. Just su Ilición I to see me comfort ably round the would as often as I chose to go. This matter being settled, I left my lawyer t ) carry out my instructions,and returned to Manxby forthwith. Before leaving town 1 saw Trumpet, AVIIO informed me that Mrs. Tyk'- had' been committed for trial on the charge of obstructing the police in the execu iion of their duty; and that Captain Jim's ship was dropping doAvu the river for Vera Cruz. 1 Avas rather astonished at 'this last piece of information, as I had not forgotten my friend's intimation that he would see me at Manxby. I thought he had failed to keep this AA'ord, and felt a pang thatheshould so treat one for whom he had alAvays pro- fessed a strong friendship. I had not so many friends that I could afford to lose one. One of the first persons I saw Avhenlagain took up my abode in the Prince's Hotel Avas Grace, who mot mo Avith au injured air. "T do call you a nice fellow, Fairfax," he said crossly; "here I've been calling on you every day thinking you would bo ¡back, and never a sigu of you. I would have tile graphed you in toAvn only 1 did not know your address." "What is the matter, Grace?" "Oh, the same old thing. Oardell is again engaged to Adelaide." "Clover woman that," said I admiringly. "I knew she would manage it, but I hardly expected ¡the quarrel would be made up so soon. Did Sir Digby give you the joyful news?" "Yes; ho says Adelaide has explained her visir ¡to Bruce. It appears she Avont on an errand of mercy-to warm. Bruce against the anarchists, so IIOAV Oardell thinks she is on angel." "He'll find out she's the other thing before he's done. And Mips Card eil?" "Well, naturally she is angry, but all the same 1 think AVO Avilt be engaged after all. You seo," continued Grace, reddening, "she has lound out ¡that she loves me." "I congratulate you, Grace," said I hearti- ly; "a ¡marriage of love is moro likely to be happy Ihaiu one of convenience. Though all the same, 1 have no doubt your fiancee is pleaded ¡at the idea »d' escaping the constant coni|>auy of Adelaide a« a. stepmother." "She just is. But what about your visit to town? Any news?" "None. It seems to mo that I may as well throw up Hie sponge. To all appearance the anarchists are responsible for the whole business." "And Adelaide?" "She has been making use of them for the gaining of her own ends. Honestly speak- ing. I do not think she kililed Bruce; but I have no doubt she brought about the com- mittal of the crime." "But she went lo warn him." "Rubbish! my dear felloAV," 1 interrupted; "that is a pretty story to claim the jealousy of Oardell" We talked for sonie timó on these matters, and I was glad to hear .that the course of true love was for opee running smoothly. I had not seen much of R|ay Cardell, and AA'hoit conversation I find wttth her did not impress me with the fact ^iliat she AVOS ex- traordinarily clever. Nor'was she strikingly beautiful; refined and aristocratic, I grant, but she lacked the splendours of Adelaide. The one was a truly beautiful woman; the othei merely a pretty girl of the ordinary tyi>e. Still I thought she would mate well Avith Grace, as he Avas a simple young felloAV not oA'erburdened with brains. Moreover, he was so deeply in love, that I was glad to think there was a chance o-f his attaining, as he thought, complete happiness. "One thing I should lilte to know," said I, after listening to an enthusiastic account of May's perfections, "how Miss Cardell be- came aware that Adelaide visited Bruce?" "You asked that before, and I could not ansAver you," replied Grace, laughing: "but I can noAv. When Adelaide and May were on the Esplanade one day, Bruce passed them, and as he did so murmured in Ade- laide's ear, 'I must see you at once.' She replied, 'Thursday, at nine o'clock in the evei'iiig.' Then Bruce nodded and passed on, but May overheard the speeches, and so she guessed that Adelaide knew him." "Did she tell her father?" "No. Cardell was so deeply in love with Miss Erskine, that she Avas afraid to say a Avord against her." "Did Miss Oardell knoAV Bruce? She said she did." "By sight only, as she confessed to me. He Avus a striking-looking man, you know. Be- sides, May heard of him indirectly through her maid, Avho is a friend of Mrs. Gib's servant." "It is strange that while Miss Cardell knew him only as Grainger, she should speak of him as Bruce." "You forget," said Grace, significantly, "she o\rorheard the conversation at ¡the din- ner-table AVihen Mrs. Bannister toldthestory. The identity of Grainger Avith Bruce Avas then fully established." "1 forgot that. Yes; it seems all intel- ligible enough." The next morning, having ascertained that Adelaide Avas still at Manxby, I strolled along the cliff to enjoy the VÍOAV, intending later to pay a visit to Canute Villa. I had no longer any curiosity about the house, as I knew that it was Magsey whom Adelaide had kept so secluded. Now Magsey, better dressed than usual, went daily down to the beach, and had struck up an acquaintance willi Ben Dun. There was no longer any need for concealment. Neverotholess, out of curiosity, I still de- sired to see the interior of Canute Villa, and so I bent my steps in that direction, coming round in the curve of the cliffs. Here the ground was covered with sand, whitish grass, dry ling, and heather, pleasant to look at, to lie on. Below, the ocean stretched up to the clear line of the horizon glittering in the bright sun, and several ships were strain- ing at their anchors. I did not take much note of the sea or ships, as mythoughtswere busy Avith Adelaide, and I was on the point of resuming any walk when I saw her como out of lier house and' advance towards mo. She wore a kind of yachting costume of white serge, and as she walked forward swinging her lithe figure, I thought I had novei" seen so ¡beautiful a creature. In my heart I half forgave Cardell for his infatu- ation. She would have conquered a mon- arch. "Ah! you are back again, Doctor," she said, coming up to me with the color in her cheeks. "I expected you sooner, but I sup- pose, your important business of finding a mare's nest kept you longer than you expect- ed." "Won't you sit doAvn, Miss Erskine?" said I, taking no notice of the joke; "the heather is quite dry. Then we can talk more at our ease." She nodded with a smile, and took her seat on a rounded hump, purple Avith hea- ther. I sat on a similar one opposite to her und still smiling she leaned her chin on a tall cane she carried, and stared at me Avith marked scorn. "So your mother is committed for trial," said I, resolved to take her at a disadvan- tage. "So she tells me," replied Miss Erskine, in no wise disturbed. "Poor mother! Nc»Arer mind, I'll put that right soon. But that 'is a family matter, doctor, about Avhich Ave need not talk. Are you still of the opinion that I shall not become Lady Car- dell?" "No; Grace told mo that you had your puppet dancing again. Poor devil!" "I don't see why you should pity him, doctor. He is going to .marry ano; I mu beautiful, I am clever, and, above all, 1 am good-natured. Oh, you'll see I'll make the creature very comfortable! He'll have a much bettor time Avith me than he had Avith his first Avife." "I'm glad you think so, Miss Erskine," was my reply. "I confess that I should not like to malee the experiment." "Ah! Well, noAV that Ave have compli- mented one another, let us get to business." "Business!" "Yes; you have thrown up the sponge." "1 have. Captain James Barry and In-« spector Trumpet both think that the deaths are due lo anarchists, so 1 have abandoned the case." "Yet still remain of the same opinion." "1 believe it Avas you rather (than the anarchists, if that is what you mean." "That is Avhat I do mean," she said quick- ly; "thank you for a painfully plain. ausAver, Well, doctor, when a child is good we give it sweets. You have been good, and 1 am going to give you sAveets. In other words, to-morrow night you shall learn this mys- tery which has perplexed you so long." "What do you ¡mean?" I cried, starting to my feet. "What I say," she answered, following my example. "Don't you understand English? I shall tell you who killed Bruce, and how it wai« done." "Now?" I said hoarsely, scarcely believ- ing my ears. "No! To-morrow night." "Where?" "In the cabin of yonder ship." She pointed to a barque to the right, and my eyes followed her hand. With a start of surprise I thought I recognised the rig of the ship, hut I AAVIS not sure. Seeing my doubt, Adelaide beckoned to a coast-guards- man Avho stood some little distance away with his glass under his arm. The man, Avlio 'had been taking furtive glances at her beauty, carne Avith alacia ty. "Lend this gentleman your telescope," said Miss Erskine, and in another moment I had ¡the end of it to my right eye. The ship iSAvam into the range of the glass, and I recognised her at once. It Avas the Seeker. I knew her too AVOII to be mistaken. The Seeker, and at Manxby! NOAV I knew the moaning of Captain Jim's last words. Meanwhile, Adelaide had dismissed the coast-guardsman Aviithi a gratuity and, la smile, and UOAV stood walting for me to speak. What 1 did say Avas brief, but to the point. "1 know the boat. I'll go on board when you Avlll." "Good! Meet me at the end of the Espla- nade-'the old town end-at 8 o'clock to-mor- row evening. Ben Lim will take us on board." "In ¡the 'Liza Jane?" I said, Avith a shud- der. "AVhy, yes; you are not afraid of ghosts, are you?" she sneered. "Once on 'board, and you Avili learn Hie truth-also Avhat a fool you haAre ibeen. I don't think there is anything more to say at present. Good-day, doctor." And she Avalked off smartly, leaving me in a state of stupefaction. 