My I I CAN'T B*y I ever lonfe t^m jfeLaflfir O ivi». though I lived ebjoi&- and, after h--r own Yaehlnu, the beb avert . well to me. She was oueo' ynur flaeninE, I dark eyod neautles, tiaagbty BB an em- 1 p esp.expecuugsii arouaq ner.io woppiii. ati-1 «£-«y -,her, and Q«rlti« *nni mora , tor buaian love — aye, not so tnaob-aa tbe great -n»stia at ber father's g.te.dM, »D(J yet wlnblog it alinosi wlthnutan effort, If one were to judge by tbe oiowd of ettltors that sprang up wherever ebe went. \--8h8~bsH h'eb marrWrl whou only eighteen to a gentleman- of lower birth thaD iiereelf, iiut of imeffeUMtwealttH'aDg' on bisUtistb, wbioM- nntiftBBdiAniywur. months after their unloo, .she returned to ber father's houen Hijjtxfeclared b'r Intention of remaining a widow to tbe end of ber life. Sbe seld that to the world; but I, who waited, oo. her day and night — I, ,whi- saw her .»!) JlTj monde — Knew better V f ' For two yeare, -however.' she fexpt toiler intention, nod thongh, 'what wltb ber beauty and wealth, eho bad eultors of all ages aod all ranks, sbe reached ;the age of - twenty without encouraging any. But all that flame to an ea-t, as I fenew It would. She fell in loveyBJt last— yes, veritably In love. - ? ? Hubert Berrie was a dark, etern, baugbty-souled man, every loch a noble man, b-M, to mlnrt, much more fit. to Ineplre dread iban love. HIb family »»» ancient, more ancient, I believe, than Lady Olivia'?, and it waB even more dis tinguished, having neen particularly ] .fruitful in statesmen and admirals. Tbey j were also tiob. So, altogether, tbe world said Lord Hubert Berrie and Ludy -Olivia ' St. Marlow woald b9 well matched. ( , Somehow my' lady aoeBled to ebange from that time, not so muob io ber nut ward conduct, for In society she was still the same proud, cold, qneBatlkftcreatuio but In -her .private life, lo tbe-houra when ebe 9»t in that magDtfibent dressing-room ..with my eyes alooe watching tier, she Beamed, aa It were, to tbrn« off ber nld eelf and let tbe new peep nut. She wsb ln love. intensely in love, and somehow it seera.-d to flaab up in ber great, dark eyes with a power that made one almost frightened, for It gave one' a glimpse of the true fierceness of ber natore. She was terribly restless, too, and although she curved !lkeau«n!-a«tfifl gtatae -betore tbe worlfl, «Ue p*ce:l up and down ber euite of apartments oc casionally like one demented. What bad ' come over ber I fcuew not, but at length, some words ol ber own gave me a eusnicion. We were sorting jewellery, and, UDder ber direction?, I was packing up that I Whiob was lobe taReo wilb ber on ber tour, aod setting aside tbe rest for altera tion at tbe jeweller's, when we happened to aome across a ,larg^ opal branch of sloguiar workmanship. ' I observed my lady est it aside immediately, and then, aa a ring of tbe Bsme wntlque workman ship appeared, she gave a little start and let It drop. ' Why, Morton !' she b?gan, and then sbe panned, aod seemed almont to hold baotc her words, whilst ber great, dork, eyes fasteued 1 on me 'with a took which seemed to try aud pierce my very soul. I wbb not afraldof ber, though, and so I looked ber back In her -white face, and answered ' Well, my lady 1' For a minute or two sbe was silent, but, In spite of ber pride and hauteur, I knew she Was burning to tell tne some, thing — aye, and It would out, too, if I~ waited my time patiently. I west on sorting tbe jewels, tberefore. ' MortoD,' at length said ber ladysbip, - 'did you enow tbat ring was in tbis casket ?' . -( ¥sb, -.my lady.. I fonnd it on the floor- near your l&dysblp;'axdresslng^tabie j yesterday, and put it In myself.'' 'On tbe floor?' sbB eohoed, and then she took It up BDd gave another little, start. 'One of the opals is gone,' ehe cried. ? ... _ ; ' Yes, my Ifcdy.^ 1 noticed that when: I picked it up. but it w»a nowbere about tbe floor, for I looted carefully.' , 'Of course, i hnow you would, hut — ' I Again, however, site paused, and then she got up and began paoiog up and down io one of ber wild, fierce mnnds. and I let ber alone, for I knew it was ecareely eofe to^peat tp ber then/-,. . Suddenly, hoffjver.'jsb^ oaiDoe, up ,'tn me of bet owio idodrd. and puttlDg her two bands heavily on my shoulders, said, I in a low, hissing tone: 'Morton, tell I tne, bow did tbat ripgoorue there?' ? 'On my life, my Itfdy.' I answeted, ?' I don't know.' 'You would ewear be did not give II you to give me?' - . Her eyes were awful to look upon as she said that, and for once I did (eel frightenedjof ber. s.i t ' He, .my lady? I 4on't . know wbo youmeab.' 'f *' J ' WhS-, G*Btou ;Ht«.Marlow,' my dtoad husband. Tbat ring was on his Soger. It was my last gift tp bipo. Don't you , remember noticing It on hls fioger in tpt ' coffin?' , I 'Law! my lady,' I shivered ; but as she spoke I took up tbfc ring and looked at it, and thep itanddeply did strike me. that l baa seen tpav ppal on tbe dead.! mad'sliaad. l \\-J; X -Hb* came It there, .then ? Had tbe coffin been robbed? or ? Ah! an awful idea suddenly darted tbrougb my a\ Inrt, and ratslDg my eyes, I unrtoretood the fierce trouble of those burning orbs or Lady Olivia. ' Morton,' sbe exclaimed, shuddering, 'I should go mad If tbis marriage were broken off. I love Hubert Bisrris better than my own soul !' And then the turned back to ber wild pacing up aod down- tbe roomi Days parsed after that, and though I saw nothing to tbrow more ifgbt on my dark BOBpicion of Lady Olivia's tronble, it rather gained ground fn my mind than otherwise. Sbe was bannted by aome fear— some fear tbat might bring about a rupture with Lord Hubert Berrie, and I felt that it had connection With tier dead husband. I kept my own counselj b'tit'I kept my own watch. I recollect I was awaiting my lady'? return from a ball just, three day« beftire tbe wedding day, when, suddenly, I beard tbe door open quickly behind mi-, . and, looking roond, I »aw my lady, look ing wbite aa a ghost, glide quietly in. I bad beard no carriage drive up, and ao bell, though tbe dressl'ig.room was in tbe front of tbe bouse. To my eurprion, too. Instead of ber being In ber pink satin and diamonds, ;as I bad last seen lier. my lady was dressed in a morning -walking dress, psrtloolary uopretendlngiooking; She CBine up to me qniokly. 'P'Mnrton.' ehe s&ld;, Jo a low. Blsro tone, ' t think you awitolerably true 4rben you once gtv« a promise. Listen to me. If. yoa will omne wftb nie and swear not to reveal wbat 'f am abont to tell yoo, and to do, I wlli giva you a bun dled pounds down, and as'- mnc'b again when I am married. Hark you, git-l, are you bold ?' 'It tabes a good deal, my lady, to frlgbteD me.' : , 'Yes, bat oonld you look, on/a dead, man's fsoe without fainting? . Oinld yoa dare to visit tbe dead ?' ' ' She blssed -iut tbeaa word#, grasping] my arm and e»zlog firroely into my face, and tben. as I turned shudderlngly away, J ?she seemed to quiet down. ' ' ] ' Morton,' she eald, almost homely, for ber, ' I Bin in great trouble. I bid 1 pOT«ne?ij|hy||''torri^i fe^Kj affil; I^ooB Hube ri, I u«ve Been 'toe of my dead I husband, not In fanny, buc in ii Ing, breathing, ghastly earnest.' coffin carried ti tbe vault with my own 'She 'put up ber bands end overed ber j eyp?. i i ltThiadoubi le horrible, aud if Robert bad a Boeplcion ofjt, all would -be over I believe I bos goiog uiad, bat I bave come to a determination, for, oovba wbat ^i«'a^d«tePAi^r» Will you come with me?' There «»b no need for her to Bay more piBinly what sbe meant, for I knew well enough what tbat large, rusty key -e- -longed tDj-and far.Wtiat; purpose was thut ham^a. .nri iithioftt anitiilnrtt lftnt«Tn. fl w«s alt tiorri'bfy co/tipreben»lo'.e. Tbrow 'iag a shawl-oVer my .head, I took up tbe strange tools and opened the window. I helped Lady Olivia to mount the law Bill a (id get to.t he jnoft bed, beneutb, andfthan descetided-niy8elf. We reached tbe dim, shadowy cburob — tbe entrance to the vault— aod Lady Olivia pushed the key into the look wltb almost fierce energy, and then witb an effort ehe. foreed (tie great door back, nod we two women stood there, white and ghastly, amid tbe mouldering dead ! . The horror of tbat momeul I shall never forgft. ?»;Lonb,' eald my^niBlress's^ototi'fsu'df? deniy,.^ breaking l-tUe .dead stillueeB. ' Morion, yon iuow tbe oofflo. Wfelcb is it ? .Tell me ^uiokly.|' ' Th At one,' my lady,' tbe one to your right,' I muttered, and then, in spite of my awe of tier, SI could not for tbe life of nje'aB-dst ber, as, nsing ell bsr force, she slowly und with difficulty drewtbecnfllu out and then let it fail heavily ou one end on the slopes. with a gbo8i.ly ?mlle, . | ;! I coverid ' my eyes, lor somehow to see ber face as sbe.benl over that sllyor plate (tnd read the insisriplinn was Votes than even tbe ghastly sight of those piles of cofflnti, and when nest [ looked up it was becaoee a terrible cry roused me. Lady Olivia was standing like aa I.' petrified wiib borror, and at ber feet was tbe open f !-V How 1 got that ooffin back into its pises I hnnw.^fot. .How I got my lady back euUly into tii-r room I know not. Tbat nigbt seemed always Ilka some horrible dream, and I only remember bits and 'fiasbee of Jt. '. I did manage to get ber to hed somehow, and tben I cave ber a draught to eeod her to sleep, for it w»s agony to trie to watoh ber convulsive 8biveringn and hear her groans. I knew, too, tbat for my owo;sake It was as: Well io keep tiie night's work quiet. ' Tft' u»xt dav, tiowever;Hto my relief. L-.dv Olivia woke herself again, though 7, who saw ber before Bbe was dresssd, knew bow she must have suSered to make her careworn and old-looking In twelve hours. . . My lady was still loungipg „by JLi^e fire, in her dressing-room wbfen a^ajessagjB was' brought tn her that Lord 'Hubert was below, nnd very mncb desired tn be ad mitted to ber presence for a few minutes, s--. it was a matter nf importance. Lady Olivia turned a Bbade paler, but, pressing ber lips firmly together, sbe gave tbe order to allow him to come up at onoe. And I, .of course, retired -to an adjoining room. ' V ~ - ? I sojemply d eel ire I bad no intention of listening :ti|i I bapp^aed to . go into-a 'cipBBtio bang up some dresses; and then I1 noticed that every word of what was being said in tbe dressing-room wbs distinctly audible. I oould also see into tne room. And then tbs^temptation was UV-virreeistiblQ.\ - ; ? - 'I come to' ask von ' rather an odd question, Olivia,' said my lord. *'Do you hippen to possess an opal ring?' 'Yes. That is, I believe I have some opals amoug oiy i«wela,'.8D(,w.eredrmy lady, quitsily; Bat; bow Can that in terest you, Hubert?' ' It does, though, straugely. Will you show me the ring,?'l 1 . Ther« was a silence, -»b If Lady Olivia hesitated. Then, however, sbe roBP, and I beard 11.6X80 to the casket of jewels, and I crept tti Vhe door' ^kpolt down to #beW;i k.new waA 6«itdo'^mall crevloe. Aod''tl)fsti''T^aw jLojfd flnt(«rt take tbe t'ing aod to t n e It, 'iiw i tti'a-Vfa r li frown. ' There is a stone missing.' Yes. It has bBen gone for some time.' And then my lord put bis flugars in bin watch pocket, and taking out a small stone be held It out towards my lady witb a look on bis face I shall never forget. ' There Is the lost opal,' he said. ' Lady Olivia St. Marlow, need I tell you who gave cna tbat, wbo' warned me aftalostiyopr fatal hand, and tbat your sin Js&tf;&wn;?'' ' J'olf.aD Ibstant those dark, evil, beautl ful ejWflfcsbed updefiantly, bat even she could DSC face Hubert Berrls. The nest ijnatant she. WBrfcrpucbltui..pij -the floor bj?f6r« hi rn,. 'W iwjiecpfaa »-(ftitled in bet bands, 'Get up, wnmm,' cried her former lover, sternly. ' I douot pretend tojudge you. and I sv^ll ijoj be.less meroiful than plBston St. IfiiflMrj who rather tban olaim :Tou for « whom expose you to tbe world, jives ihe-obfectl(S and bumble life be does. Only, I will prevent your doing more barm. . GaatobSt. Rlarlow ^nter,' And tbenl to my horror, Ibe door opened, and tbe man whom I bail seen lying aead. In his .coffin four-yearn ago walked in. ' No wonder L»dy Olivia Uttered that one long. shiveriug groan, whicb made %ven tbe. two men almost shriek. Gastot^. St. Marlow walked sternly forward, and^ tiisu,ae Lady Qlivii sprang op, be 8tr^tcbed ootiis left band, and I saw tbat one of.thu fingers was missing.. -? ,- .g.i - 'Your orioae . was . cleverly planned; Olivia: Your hypocrisy was perfect; and had It not been for my 7rlend'e love mid. Qdellty, my beaullfol and afleotiobfcte wife would have consigned tne to -Iny living tomb eflectoally.V : --?, ' What .mean you? What meaas this borrible scene?' muttered my lady. mak ing a terrible effort to throw off berteat1. ' 'Ism ahiutioexpfalti! Llsteh. it,bfit ring— tbe opBi ring/ .ccBtainlng. the pnieau, und whicb jorir niidllvDdlila'OBd j on mint— acted well. The ilttls prlak, qrhieb (sa yoa playroliy Squfeend my hand) It made acteji marvellously, and in twenty-four boors you wept, a widow, I teara over my coffin. ? _ . 'I should hBV0 -beep buried,, bntjjiy I old friend, Eric Stones, hearing of my decease, came to talte.a lagt.^l^n^ at me I in the vault and futfliB bs^rflb promise. 1 ' My terror bad alwaya beeo that iJ I txrgbt be barfed alive, and I bad extorted a promise from blm tbat.. if itje .eurviyed: me, he would come and open my veins, so that, .if by any cbance.ib.e life oarrent flowed again, I should bleed to .death Jo. m- tomb. ? ' It was tbe dead of night wben Eric orept to my oofflQ and fulflllsd bii.^oWj and, to bis boifiit, |fie cortBe rose lip a few minutes after and balled bia name. .. ' Ha -was skilled and slroafc Handlie1 immediately bore me to 'hlg nwa-tiaose, and, suspecting poison; .'Administered Spob antldoins as aaved ' nie ; -arid ttara, tfc'saarchlng, be fouDd tbBTjng. Susj-ept- ing you, Olivia, he 'kept (be bidden, and,' closing tbe ooffio ataib, ??tlo'«M you to j bury your busband, bs you tbougbt, and i wee p your false tears for bim.' | ''^?stM I 'orled^he forrlfled wjMnatr, jbnlBt. MHrlow ln5»rropl;ed hw. 1 'Hpe»(ii not. mj. nq'tfi be«T Hhat -feaSy sSolce again. 'Mercy you shall bave.-but make no attempt mi m.try, ' for, as o'ertaloly as you try, theopal rlogshall apoear again as a. witopay against yoa.' :/ lia*l£iy'jil(ly. tbe floor, and AttaVMiteeb leH ^ room. Whether my lady suspeoted I knew *bat-terr4ble-eeoret-I- know -nol, but abe gave, me money, eoougb. to settle and nlTrry,' jand ilileff her - eervlce Imme diately. \--As -for -few ladyship,- the last tblpg I beard nf ber was i hat. she was tbe relga ing belie of tbe iiumlgB^Coort for eome itime, but tbatjbfcMRgAwaye etrangely mnlancboly, w b committed sufolde, It was suppoaedi, though bow was a myetery, as she was found lying on bar j enfa,, iM^tutlfullv pressed, rand witnoqt e'ny'jwpuuori* An [opal broo'ob, however, was fo'uod l'n her bod ioe. ' 