Kingswood. Chaceo, ' I shall not fall by your hand, Lord Kingswood,' he said, with a sneer. 'My loife be charmed against thy hand, as thine against mine; but you will die a dog's death. Aye, my lord, Ishmael is herer, an' he will strike you down cre thee beest much older. I have a knife sharpencd for the one son, an' Philip Avon for 'tother loike the Spectre o' the Chace. Beware as much'as thee will, death to thee an' destrnction to bthy family thee can.nst ot avert. Old Eldra saith the dawning be nigh, so be thy doom, Lord o' Kingswood.' Tubal Kish shouted the last nords in an ominous tone, and shaking both fists at Lord Kiogswood, he leaped into a mass of bushes, and disappeared as if by magic. Lord Kingswood, further depressed by this new incident, and the information concerning Ishmaelit conveyed, continued his way to Kingswood Hall, oppressed by sickening fears that, in spite of at his schemes lihe sbhould yet find Vernon triumph, and Erla avenged; CHAPTER LXXII, ONCE more Lord Kingswood was seated in his library alone. Once inore he tried to define his position and the chances which were left tohimtoovec come its difficulties, and he felt that nothing but great firmness and promptitude of action would carry him through his trials. He fancied that an hour's reasoning with Lady Kingsrood would restore them to the relations they had formerly held-in the world's eyes; and that achieved, would do much to lighten the remainder of his task. With Cyril and Lady Maud married, he had but to dispose of Erle, and then for a time to travel abroad. He had in the early part of his career found this plan operate advantageously; why should it not do so now ? His life lately had been lonely enough In London Cyril had avoided him; Lady Kingswood at first refused to see him, and then separated herself from him; Lady Maud bad secluded herself with Lady Kingswood, and therefore his house had been as a desert to him, The evening wore away drearily, Once be entertained the notion of sending for Lady Maud, under the impression that some conversation with her would lighten the burdensome hours: but then he feared to be with her alone in converse. Ultimately, unable to endure his solitary apartment, he decided to visit Erle, and broach the subject which he intended to leave to the more skilful management of Sir Harris Stanhope to work out. Thus it was that - when night bad fairly set in-- bearing a taper, he made his way to the antique portion of the building where Erle had been placed. On reaching it he heard the sound of a voice uttering expressions in a loud, railing tone; and he was inexpressibly annoyed to find Philip Avon standing without the door of Eile's prison, beating on it with his fists, and using language which was not only outrageously insulting in its character, but was course and vulgar. Withal it was plain that Philip had been indulging in an excess of wine. Lord Kingswood checked him, and said, haughtily I am surprised to find you here, Mr. Avon.' 'You should not be, my lord,' returned Philip, trying to steady himself. 'There are several reasons why I should come hither. You remember, my lord, that you promised me that this door should be watched. I find no one here in charge of it.' 'A man has been placed here,' said Lord Kingswood. 'Aye, hasbeen, that I know; for I have been here before to-night to test him,' re turned Philip. 'An insolent scoundrel I found him; but for that I forgive him, be cause he obeyed orders. You see, however, that he is no longer here now darkness has set in. The fool believes, no doubt, in ghosts, and has run away, leaving your pre cious protege to stop or go as he pleases.' 'The man had my permission to depart; the door is locked, and his presence here is no longer necessary,' said Lord Kingswood, sternly. 'There I beg your pardon,' answered Philip Avon, with a coarse laugh; 'a love letter can be put beneath the door or through the keyhole, and that is what I am here to prevent. 'I do not comprehend you,' said his lord ship, with a frown. * You are hard of belief, I am not,' rejoined Philip. 'I hope you will acknowledge that young people will fall in love. You have been in love, I dare say; at least I suppose Lady Kiugswood thought so once--' 'You are rude, sir,' interposed Lord Kings. wood. I suppose I am,' said Philip. 'You are not the only individual who has favoured me with that piece of information; but if I am rude I am truthful. When people are in love they are very apt to follow their inclina tions without caring much what is really the correct thing to do; and I more than suspect that that is the case with Lady Maud--' 'What would you dare insinuate?' cried his lordship, fiercely. 'Against her purity, nothing,' be rejoined. I would throttle the fellow that breathed a suspicion against her. Yet she might commit berself without a thought of doing wrong. Suppose now she were in that room with Mr. Gower ?' 'Preposterous i' cried Lord Kingswood. '*Well, not so pIreposterous,' said Philip, 'If I did not love her, I should not think anything of her payinga visit to a young fellow she happened to be fond of; but as I do love her, if I found her in that room with him I'd wrench his heart out of his body. And as I am not altogether satisfied that she is not in that room I request you to open it and search it with me, and then, since none of your ser vante have the courage to stay here, I will occupy the post, and show to you in the morning your prisoner as he was left in my charge-without the power to escape, I pro mise you.' There was a pgculiarly vindictive tone in which the last words were uttered that ought not to have escaped Lord Kingswood, but he did not notice it. 'You are filled with jealousy and absurd suspicions,' he said. 'The sooner you dis card those feelings the better will it be for your happiness. However in order to relieve your mind we will together visit Lady Maud's apartments. A word with her will set at rest your doubts. 'So far as the visiting is concerned, my lord, but not the notes; but that part of the discovery you may leave to me. We will pay Lady Maud a visit.' Erle and Lady Maud stood within the room motionless, listening to the above con versation. Lady Maud clung to Erie like one paralysed. The voiceof Philip Avon seemed to fill her with terror, nor was the ple?ence of Lord Kingswood the subject of less fright. Once only Erle addressed her, saying ' Fear not, no harm shall or can come.' The retreating footsteps of Lord Kings wood and Philip Avon had not died away ere the door opened and Harebell's head was seen. She beckoned to Lady Maud hurriedly. Erie pressed the latter passionately to his heart. The door closed, and Erie was alone again. Fortunately for Lady Maud her suite of apartments possessed - two entrances, and could be approached from two points. With a swift step Harebell conducted her, by means of the servants' corridor and a private staircase, to the entrance, which was nearly opposite to that one towards which Lord Kingswood was conducting Philip; and when his lordship entered the ante- chamber, and rang.a small hand-bell which stood upon the table, Harebell answered the summons from an inner apartment. Lord Kingswood asked to see Lady Mauds, and Harebell retired, to return-with a message his lordshio to the effect that Lady Maud to was indisposed. Lord Kingswood sent word that it would be sufficient if he heard her voice. Harebell retired, and in a few minutes Lady Maud appeared, pale, but calm, and collected. She did not take the slightest notice of Philip Avon, and to Lord Kings. wood, who addressed a few unmeaning words to her with reference to her health, she only bowed, without speaking. Philip Avon under the influence of wine, was not to be repressed, and be commenced to speak of his love tor her over-riding every consideration. ' He could not make her love him,' he observed, ' and for that he did not care, because he could make her his; and he'took the opportunity of Lord Kingswood's presence to assure her of that fact.' Lady Maud St.Cliir shrunk from him with : an expression of loathing, which Lord Kingswood saw with dismay; it was not mere dislike, but horror; and in that expression be saw a sign that the project of uniting her to Philip Avon he was not likely to accomplish without rendering her unhappy for life. A groan almost escaped his lips, and even before Philip had concluded his protestations he motioned Maud to retire-a permission of which slie instantly availed herself. Philip made an attempt to stay her, but his lordship caught him sharply by the arm and said 'Mr. Avon, you must not transgress the bounds of good-breeding, even under the excuse of excitement from wine. I have re sorted to a mode of satisfying your jealous imaginings which under no other circum stances would I have done. You are, I trust, satisfied, and will be content to return to Hawkesbury at once. Mr. Gower is in my charge; and to- morrow he will be removed from hence for ever.' Philip mused for a minute, and then he said 'Let me see that he is still within the room. - For aught I know he may be roaming at will over the Hall. 'Bah !' exclaimed Lord Kisgswood. 'The key of the room which holds him is on my library-table. I will proceed thither and prove to you that no opportunity has been afforded to Mr. Goner to quit his room.' Together they proceeded to the library, and on the table lay the key which Harebell had deposited there. From thence to the chamber in the east wing they hastened, and Lord Kingswood placed the key in the lock. As he was about to turn it a low chuckle of malice broke on his ears. He turued and was startled to see upon the face of Philip Avon an expression of fiendish malice. He withdrew the key. 'There is ill blood between you. It would be wrong in me to permit you to enter,' be said, with sudden decision. 'Why, my lord ?' cried Philip, in a bully ing tone. 'I demand to enter that room.' 'You can, until you are hoarse,' returned - Lord Kingswood, 'and then you would be , but where you are now.' 'My lord, I have ssomething of the devil in me,' he rejoined, clenching his teeth; ' do not raise it or I may not wait for permission.' 'Boy !' his lordship exclaimed fiercely, 'do you think to daunt me? Such another ex. pression from your lips and I will sunder all connection at present existing between us and command >ou to never again enter the door of my house.' Philip was startled by this ebullition, and was not so much the victim of passion as not to see that he was damaging his own interests by quarrelling with Lord Kingswood. If he made him his enemy farewell to his hopes of Lady Maud. ' Lord Kingswood,' he said; partly sobered by the outburst, ' you find it naturally im possible to measure my feelings with respect to this fellow. - I own I bear him malice; that I harbour feelings of revenge against him; I have cause. He not only nearly killed me, but he would rob me of that which I hold dearest of all the gifts the world has to bestow. But since you fear that to be with him in his cell would be to ensure a collision between us, all I askl is, that I may, with these eyes, see him within; that I may receive fromn you a solemn promise that he shall not be removed from this room until the nmorning. I will thIen depart from hence satisfied.' SThat promise will I grant to you on three conditions,' said Lord Kingswood. SName them,' replied Philip, quickly. SThat when I open the door you do not cross the threshold; that when you see Mr. Gowoer you do not address him; and then, when I enter the room, you will at once quit Kingscood Hall.' ' I consent,' said Philip Avon, laconically. Lord Kingswood turned the key in the lock and opened the door. Both simultaneously uttered an exclama tion, but the sound which Lord Kit'gswood uttered was more like a cry of horror. TO BE CONTINUED. A writer in the Times states fthat 100,000 elephants are killed in Afrilca every year. A few yeara ago it was calcnlated that there are aunnually killed in Africa a minimum of 6l5,000 elephants, yieldiug a produotion of raw ivory worth £850,000. Indeed, if measures are not taken for its preserva tion, the African elophtnt will in a score of years bcome extinct. If yaou eamot obtain " Myra Tea"'writo to D. Mitchell & Co., Olaroeuco-t., Sydney, who will ar rang,' for asupply through tho.local storokeoper, 