A Fantasy of God's End. — [By RANDOLPH BEDFORD.] Edward Irving, who was a sort of glorified stock-rider and assistant super at Restdown, and who lived at Government House instead of the men's hut, chose to run counter to that fine old Britieist, Andrew Hurst, owner of Rest down, and Chairman of the Lachlan Meat Preserving Co., and Member of the Executive of the Pastoralist's Union, he lost a very fine girl, and what is more, he lost the chance of the position of son-in-law to Hurst, aforesaid. Hurst was a big authority on meat freezing, lamb marking, irrigation grown grapes, and shearing strikes, and he furthermore held a patent over such phrases as 'right-thinking people,' who are always the people who agree with one; 'the silken bonds,' ' the great country from which we sprung,' and others of the kind. But he had neither the quick wit nor the slow anger necessary for argument, and, therefore, as he cut up for half a million, most people agreed with him. But Irving didn't, which is why his account had to be closed in a hurry. Old man Hurst suffered from Chronic Briticisis, and had it badly, as people have any disease which has no alternative symptoms. If old man Hurst had been able to think he would not have had Chronic Briticisis. To do him justice, he had tried to think and had failed. He had recured callosities on the interior of his skull in his attempts to think without the thought's machinery. But he could prophesy the lambing accurately, and could top the market in wool and frozen mutton, and therefore he filled worthily the station he had been called to. Irving had been sent to Restdown to get him out of the way, whatever that may be. Irving senior was a partner in a big woolhouse, and when he read that his son had addressed meetings in favor of Republicanism and worse he felt like Lear when his family went back on him. So he sent his son to his old mate at Restdown to be cured, and Hurst made the mistake of undertaking the work himself, instead of leaving it to his daughter. So the natural end of it was that Irving became engaged to Alice Hurst, and that after seventy or mere distinct disagreements with old Hurst, through falling in the dark over his British prejudices, he one night said something or other which roused that gentleman to almost incurable indignation. Two evenings later a tucked-up horse loped wearily through the powdered saltbush towards the boundary rider's hut at God's End. He had been bound by an unwritten agreement to old man Hurst for two years, and now, acting with the telegraphed consent of Irving, senior, whom the son would not have worried for a great deal, old man Hurst ordered him to boundary ride the fences of the out paddocks of God's End. 'You're going to take up pastoral pursoots sometime, Edward,' he said, with a little malicious smile, 'and a pastoralist ought to be able to do all men do. I had to learn, anyway.' And Irving acquiesced sullenly, and with a dull grief in his stomach. He rode away north-west from the river into the land of dryness, and its drouth entered into his mouth and became ashes there—dryness with a pain in it. In his two day's ride over the vast possessions of old man Hurst —vast enough to make a dozen German principalities—he had time to pity himself—and Alice; but himself mostly. And the distressed masses not at all. It was all so awsomely sudden. He was a man of the cities—born to and born for much human companionship— and here he was loping along a powdered saltbush track on a despairing sobbing horse, the pungent dust in his nostrils as if he were already dead on the track, and the crows were circling for an appetite. rightly had they named the black station of Restdown, You leave the river flats and the gracious green fringes of white gum and pepper mint and travel in the eye of the sun into dusty sage hued saltbush, with ghastly claypans lying in the dust like livid wounds, and on to sand and barb bladed spinifiex, and then more salt bush and dust, and more sand and spinifex. bIn the sky a sun with a cynical face dull gleaming—the only winged life a little energetic devil of a fly, who prefers feeding on the nostril to surveying the land, and likes the eyelid better than either. And by and bye the fly leaves you, and you cross the woved and billowed ridges of sand in absolute silence. Verily, it is the end of God—the condemned cell of all creation. This "devil-devil" country throws out as many hands as civilization—you find little streams of sand running after the good country as if to drown it. One of the plain-men once told me every year this sand really does move, that it does grab a foot or so of the good country before it, the country before it, the good country behind closing up on it in the attempt at self-compensation. On the further edge of the Big Sand is a hut, now unused, except by the occasional Ishmael on the track, and the salt-bush country begins again and goes on for quite 40 miles. The lone liness of the region to the imaginative bushman—and that includes nearly all—has a wonderful influence for illu sion, especially when it is mixed with the unspeakable damper and the mutton-habit, which is like the worm that dieth not for fixity of tenure. And one bush hallucination is this. A mile or so from the hut is a belt of pines, and from the centre of this dull ruddy flames pour into the sky, like a furnace in blast, but when you get within 30yds. of the pines, the flames are not—they vanish. I have seen this myself—the light, the dull glare and the vanishing of the fire. Irving did not see this as he rode towards the outstation of God's End, because he had a stomach used to cookery, and he had not yet lived the loneliness long enough to imagine such things. He rode on for half-a-dozen miles deeper into the better coun try, and at about nine o'clock his horse grunted at the light in the the hut at God's End and changed his sorefooted lope for a clumsy amble. A few minutes later the sound of artesian water gushing over the cracked earth from No. 3 Bore came on the air, which had now the softness of damp in it, and the horse sprung to the trough and drank greedily in the spray. The young man wetted his drouth also, and, having turned his horse out, carried saddle and bridle to the hut. He entered and saw in the wide chimney and under its dangling cruel looking pothook an old seemingly bloodless man of a clay-colored com complexion and livid ears—ears which pointed and lifted like the ears of a dingo. 'I heerd yer a mile back,' said the hutkeeper. turning his great far-seeing eyes on Irving, 'an' I put a couple av chops in the pan.' Irving thanked him, and examined his new mate more closely as he bustled about for a clean tin-plate, and set before the visitor a pannikin, whose discolored sides told too plainly that Hurst bought condemned stores for rations. The hut-keeper had the imbecile look of the sheep he tended, mingled with the sagacity of the dogs, who were his daily companions. God help him, poor wretch! they were many and he was but one, and now he unconsciously imitated them. When an unusual sound came along the plain—a rare thing, alas!—-his nostrils would dilate, sniffing the wind, like a patriarch ram in charge of wild sheep. Should a dog steal a chop, the old man's beagle scent would find its whereabouts, and then he beat the hut for it like a pointer, and showed all the pointer's satisfaction as he came on the find. After he had served Irving's supper the strange old clay-faced animal sat himself on a low box by the fire and looked up into the visitor's face with a dog's glance of mingled curiosity, friendliness, and sagacity. Next he took some fearful vegetable production from his pocket, charged his pipe, and filled the hat with a smoke, acrid and oily, as smoke of acacia or gum. Irving, half choking, proffered his pouch, which the man took greedily and grinning. Not for many days had there been tobacco smoked in that hut. The very dog was used to the fearful sheep-wash the hut-keeper burned, and when the first whiff of the Iog-cut struck his nose, the animal stared as if in pain, growled, and lay down again. * * * The life knew no change. Irving rode the same fences week after week, occasionally camping at an out-hut for the night, but nearly always making for the habitation of the clay-faced man, even if it meant riding corners off one of the three horses allotted him, for the loneliness and the dyspeptic diet were beginning to tell on him, and- he became childishly afraid of the dark. He had a letter from Alice with the monthly ration man—letters with many despairing adjectives in them and much redundancy of spoon talk for the first month or so, and after that breathing a gentle air of resig nation which would have shown him, had he been experienced in such things, that Alice was attempting to console herself with great success. So Irving had these letters and the great grey plains, and the unspeakable damper, and the willow tea, and the clay-faced man to live on, and they didn't represent one percent of the life necessary to him. He hadn't anyone else near to care for, so he cared for his horse and his dog, and he grew to love old George the clay-faced man. As for the sheep .—he hated them. The dogs keep a man from going mad quickly in such surroundings—but God help the man who sees sheep every day—for lunacy comes from long acquaintance with them; these stupid woolly fluffheads with their baby-pure stare. No man, least of all an imaginative heart-diseased man like Irving, could live long on Godsend and stay entirely sane. And one night Irving galloped back from the hut on the edge of the big sand—queachy and clammed riding in a straight line blindly—off the track—on the track—no matter where, and casting frightened glances behind him. Old George stood at the door and saw his new mate trembled, but old. George's eyes did not look surprise nor anything else—his far sight was the sight of a man who had looked all over the world at a glance to find, a friend and had failed, and his sight never changed. Irving staggered into the hut and sat by the fire, where simmered the ever lasting chop on the eternal frying-pan, and old George followed him. " I'm going mad allright," said Irving in a dull satisfied tone. 'Just at the edge of the Big Sand I saw the pine belt on fire, and myself walking in it, and when it got near the belt the fire went out. Old George nodded. " You've seen Buaney's fire,' he asnwered. 'Most 'Most of 'em sees that some time. 'You've been pretty slow' 'Why?' He looked round and whispered, ' One time I used to see red snakes in that fire, and I hadn't bin to no shanty neither.' He looked round again and con concluded, his voice full of pride at his own cunning, 'That's why I always wear my pants inside my boots. I don't take no risks now, not me.' What is the cause of me seeing this ? Am I going mad with the loneli ness?' ' Not you, said the clay colored lunatic.The things are on the plains right enough, 'smuch as you an' me, but if yer a noo chum yer eyes ain't good and yer cant see 'em.' Irving took this explanation, drank his unspeakable tea and lay down in his bunk, still trembling. Old George cleared up and seated himself outside the hut smoking his sheep-wash tobacco. The night was rather dark, but starlit, and the slush-lamp on the table sputtered and flickered in the rich sheep fat—trying for flame as an apoplectic old man tries for breathe— and the hut lay in half shadow. Out side the only noises were from the sheep drinking at No. 3, and the dull rusty croak of the only frog God's End ever knew — a foreigner who had come there a fortnight or so after the bore had begun to flow. A pathetic foreigner who never had a mate. Listening is the sublime sense at night, and Irving strained for the sounds that were not until his ears creaked. The voice from the bunk: 'This loneliness is dreadful, George.' The voice from outside : "Lone liness ! No fear. Why, damn me eyes, I've seen a bigger crowd on this 'ere plain than Adeled or Melb'n Cup.' 'How could you?' said Irving. Well, wen I feel lonely I jist sit 'ere an' I wish, an' wish, and wish, an' wish ter see somebody two years back, an' wen I wish enough by Christ they come.' The lapping of the sheep fell into no sound, and the water gushed more freely from No. 3, as a drift thousands of feet below gave way and became sand. The man in the bunk trembled, but struggled to get up, and at last joined the old man at the hut door. George's eyes were mania lit, and, in that half dark, shone like a cat's.' ' An' now you see, Mr Irving,' he said, 'I'll wish an' they'll come—fur ye've lived 'ere long enough to have yer sight.' And Irving had eyes to see, for he had lived a twelvemonth at God's End and the aftermath of the tea and the mutton knew him. Old George stood up with a new air and a new dignity, and commanded the sky and the stars and the ruffled plant and the gushing bore. I wish, an' I wish, an' I wish,' he said, 'an' I wish ter see my wife an' the cove she run away with; an' I want ter see Super Hordern, for he was a man, and no bastard, an' I wish to see the red-bearded cow what took me down last Hungerford races, an' I wish to see my little girl what's dead, an' the sheep I've drafted off God's End for 13 years, an' the 'orse what broke his 'eart takin' me to Milparinka for the doctor for Flash Carrie's kid, an' I wish all my frien's and my enemies, and I say 'Come.' And then to both of them came the seeming of a new world— the bore sunk into silence, and the ground heaved very gently and warmly, like a woman's breast. And gave way to the trampling by many feet, and there came a great host and the plain was peopled with absent souls. In the van an army of men and women and children, and these old George called on by name, blessing or cursing them as he had done when they were substance, but taking the edge off his blaisphemies by giving the shadows of his wife and her new man more than their average share. Then came a big, fair-bearded man on a bright bay horse, and old George threw his hands abroad with cries of welcome, and told to Irving, who Sat there interested and unhorrified, the names and deeds of his shadow-men. 'That's Super Hordern on the bay, an' he was no bastard. His mother was a woman, and his brothers was all straight men.' That's the cove who cleared with my wife. Ah! Jim Douglas! blast yer ! If yer only had a neck to squeeze and eyes to start, I'd squeeze and start 'em.' 'That's my little kid—when she died.' 'That's the cove what welshed me at Hungerford.' The men passed and the horses came, and among them the horse horse which broke his heart at Milparinka, saddled and bridled, foam-marked and blood-eyed, near his last gasp and going strong in his gallop to the end. And then millions of sheep — a plain flush of moving wool from horizon to horizon, closely packed, and half dying of fear, and the ghosts of many dogs hurrying into weird awful rushes of small hoofs, the shadows of the sheep drafted from God's End during 13 years. And then came more men, and among them, old man Hurst. This fired Irving. He rose with some of the madness of the clay-faced man, and said chokingly, and half hoping that his wish would not be gratified. 'I wish and I wish. I wish to see my father.' And instantly there came through the [———business] [-][-], clean cut and of im aculate linen and Acme of polished hat and boots, and under his arm the , journal of the Imperial Federation League, which last is the truest ghost of all. The clay-faced man turned in his joy. 'That's yer father, isn't it? An' you can see as well as me. At last I've got a good mate.' Irving did not heed him—he was about to take a plunge. And he said, slavishly and superstitiously adhering to the formula of old George: I wish and I wish. I wish to see Alice Hurst.' And then a miracle happened, for the sense of the ear–— which is the supreme sense of the night– stretched itsfelf as the sense of the eye had done in obedience to their wish and this, and this coming ghost they heard. There came horse hoofs at a gallop –The klip klop of hoofs on a pitch of iron shoes, the spurning of a pebble. left by the flying feet, the crash of the [—] sand, the rattle of sapless saltbush twigs and the sheep from the hut to the Western horizon parted like water for a ship and closed again at a ship's wake. Then the breaking from gallop to trot for a yard or two, the swift urging by the rider again, and a big [-] parted the ghosts and bore Alice Hurst into the light. Irving [looked] [at] for a thought, then screamed and fell dead. And then the ghosts melted, and Alice Hurst and old George carried Irving's body into the hut and laid it in the bed-place. She tearfully bullied the clay-faced man for having taken such little care of Irving, and he answered sulkily: ‘Oi di’ no ‘e had ‘eart disease. You shouldn't a let 'im come away from Restdown. It wants a man with a stomach like a bottle to stand this, I tell yer.' And so sulkily did the old shadow raiser obey her commands to ride to the pine belt with her, as her father lay there with his back broken, his in tended visit of inspection to God's End having ended in that way. 'Why did the hoss want to co sneakin' out to a back stashu without tellin' us? ' said George. 'If we'd expected yer Mr Irving wouldn't a been cold meat now.' Alice did not answer him except in the way of tears, which may mean anything, and in silence they reached the hut on the edge of the Big Sand, to find her father ready, to be carried back to Restdown. The fall from that accursed shying horse had broken his back, and he would never move again. On the way to Restdown by easy stages he heard her story, and could only [fea'n]—his rage at his mistaken courses in regard to Young Irving and his own helplessness taking away speech. Arrived at the homestead on the river flats he issued instructions for somebody to go out to God's End to look to the young fellow's grave, and then, iike the brave old dog fox he was, he died cursing his own broken back and the clay-colored hut- keeper and the cure that killed Irving, and the Briticisis which sent him to God's End. For old man Hurst loved the boy. Alice wept for some time over her father as a matter of duty and over Irving, because she could weep for two hours as easily as she could for 20 minutes, and then she incontinently loved another fellow, vociferating to her friends and to herself most of all, that she loved George because he had Edward Irving's eyes. Which is a way women have of getting even with their own ficklenesses. The clay-colored man at No.3 Bore, God's End, still sits, for all I know, on the prone gum before his hut and gives human form to the air and souls to the dust. And he has a new climax now—what might be termed the harle quinade to the pantomime of shades. For he sits there when the moon is in cloud and wishes; and then hoof beats at a gallop part the masses of forgotten sheep, and a girl rides there on the shadow of the big man and the ghost of Irving dies of heart disease. 