ROYAL SYDNEY i'ACHT SQUADRON. The above club sailed yesterday what was advertised aa a general handicap, but resolved itself into a race for yachts under 10-rating. Tlielma and Iduna were cruising about under racing canvas, Imt, strange to say, their owners did not think it worthwhile competing. Owing to there being only 'two starters a second prize waB not awarded. The oourse was from the Orlando's buoy,i round Squadron buoy at Manly, round Shark Island. Port Deni son, Lightship, Shark Island, and back to the finish. The starters wore Iolanthe 7*9 (ilr. W. M. Haclardy), and Herreshoff 5'0 (Mr. J. Cox), scratch; Bronzewing -!;5' (ilr. II. H. Cockshott), lOmiii. The stare was' far from being a good one, Iolanthe, however, getting away very smartly to time, aud aha was followed by Bronzewing and Herreshoff, the latter being rather late. The -'£-rater very smartly ran out her spinnaker, and Iolanthe also soon did the same to take advantage of tbe westerly wind. Mr. (Jox s yacht, m addition to being late at tbe start, was some time setting her jib header, aud yet longer with her spinnaker and as a result the Fife cutter had opened out her lead somewhat ac Bradley's Head. Very smartly setting ' her jib-topsail and balloon-foresail, the leader commenced to go away very fast, while oil the Point Herreshoff drew past Mr. Cockshott's little clipper. Some strong westerly puffs were met with off Taylor Bay and Middle Harbor, aud for a timo the 5-rater, whicli carried similar extra sails to Iolanthe, held the latter, while Bronzewing, owing to the leading wiud, dropped astern. They jibed the Manly buoy as follows : lolanihe 31) ltSmin Bosec, Herreshoff 3h 20miu Sosec, Bronzewing 8li 24m in 6sec. All were easily able to lie their courses 1 for tho island, Herreshoff carrying her jib-topsail ! all the way up, but, despite the additional sail, the ? old champion kept edging further aud further away. They were timed at Shark ' Island : Iolanthe Uli 5!)min Sasec, Herreshoff 3h 5limin i HOsec, Bronzewing 4h lmin 4-'Jsec. The leader j stood well over towards Lady Martin's Beach : before throwing round, but the other two camo j about directly they could clear the quarantine J island, and slightly improved their positions there- j by, Herreshoff gaining lmin ICsec on the thrash to ? the Fort, while the small yacht closed somewhat ou the latter. With the wiud free again, Iolanthe's crew Were very smart with their balloon foresail and jib-topsail, but trying a spinnaker as well, the boom appeared to go. She fairly smoked away from the other two, aud, sailing iu her very best style, had established a lead of lOmiu at the Lightship, .at which point they were timed, Iolanthe 4h 42miu, Herreshoff 4h SUmin lOsec, Bronzewing 51i. The day seemed to suit the yacht splendidly, and from this out sbo fairly romped away from the other compe titors. Outlie beat up from Shark Island to the finish, when about halfway up, the 5-rater carried away her jib, and completed the race without it. Brouzewing, always a marvellously smart boat on a wiud, came up handover fist on her risht, and very easily saved the time allowance. The finishing times were as follows ; — Iolanthe (winu'er), f-li | 24uiiu o-sec ; Herreshoff, 51i 39m in ? Bronze- j wing (second), oh 4_'miu 22see. The Fife- j built cutter thus beat the local boat by I l4min 28sec, and the Watsou boat by 7min 50see above time allowance, and takes the £10, while the latter defeated Hnrreshoff for second place by 6miu SSsec. Mr. Maclardv sailed a very clever raco in Iolanthe, and the old boat wont splendidly from I start to finish. .Herreshoff was not so well handled, and would ? havo been beaten by Bronzewing, even without the mishap to her jib, while she never had ' a ghost of a chance with the winner. The steamer Thistle, fairly well patronised with Bnectators, followed the race, she being in charge of Mr. S. Wilson, hon. sec. 