SGIV1E ENGLISH GHOSTS. Although little more than a century has elapsed since Dr Johnson died, the astounding strides made in the sciences of enlightening the ignorant and re fining the unrefined during that period do not seem to have nullified to an ap preciable degree the best part of his dictum to the effect that "All argument Is acainst the appearance to the living of the spirits of the dead; all belief is No doubt during these hundred and odd years a great many time-honored ghosts have been hunted from their haunts by the prosaic influences of mo dern life and the unsparing broom of practical common sense; no doubt there are fewer educated people who believe in ghosts than when London crowded to Cook Lane one hundred and thirty years ago; no doubt the village Hamp den is prompter nowadays to tackle mysterious nocturnal visitors than of yore. Yet he who wanders through rural England—preferably on foot, for he is then enabled to penetrate bye-ways and sequestered nooks and corners not attainable on wheels—cannot fail to be impressed by the sturdy vitality of so many old ghosts. As a rule he does not meet men who have actually seen ghosts, for a sneak ing sort of self-respect seems to stop .Hodge’s admission of the fact: but he meets many men who know men who have seen ghosts, and multitudes who have heard that a ghost is to be seen at such.and such a place, and who will' mot.-commit themselves to a denial of its existence. As for the prejudice againstdonely places on dark nights, it .i\ia amhliKSt educated people Is'u’nlversa/i.'V i ’ No ono district In England seems to be. particularly patronised by ghosts, although naturally one meets them more frequently in counties which are of lonely and romantic character, or which possess romantic histories, than within the metropolitan area. _ Ghost hunting may be accounted an idle and unworthy pursuit, yet it is not alto gether unprofitable, us .uhost legends are not Infrequently the channels through which historical facts have been passed .down to us which would .otherwise have been lost, and, more over, are illustrative of the- fact that ' the aurl sacra fames has not quite knocked all sentiment and imagination out of the English people. Well, there is at any rate one ghost in London, for the first Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room in Holland House with his head in his hand—a very fashionable ghostly pro ceeding—on certain nights of.the year; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which have never. been let, never are let, and never will be I let, for any length of time on account i of uncanny traditions associated with I them.The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no ser vants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. We may be pretty sure that there are not many people in modern suburban ised Kingston who believe in the time hallowed tradition that on All Souls Night the dead walk on Kingston .Bridge; but no stranger to Epsom was ever shown Pit Place by a native with out being told the “Wicked” Lord Lyttleton’s ghost story—-the white bird which fluttered at his window on the night of 24-th November. 17.70, changing into a white-robed woman, who ap proached the foot of his bed and told him that he would be dead in three days, which actually happened. Sussex, which of all the home coun ties has retained its old characteris tics the most, has a good -many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England’s iron industry. There is old ^Oxen bridge of Brede Place. There is the headless man of St. Leonard’s Forest, known as Squire Paulett. who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman enter ing the forest, and remains there, until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs—t-a* favou rite shape assumed (by ghosts all over England—haunt all dark lanes and lone by-road«, and, under many n. «ec\uc» tereil wooden bridge a. headless woman may be seen spinning; whilst on -the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a goblin may he seen on any dark, wild night, incessantly spinning charcoal ! The same species of "general” ghosts as they may be called, is recorded by Mr Rye, the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed in his county. There Is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking among the pits on Ayl merton Heath. There is the great black "Shuck Dog”—the word “Shuck” said to mean the devil—who at Coltis hall Bridge is headless, and at Salhouse has a blazing eye in the centre of his forehead, and who has a brother at Pee! Castle in the Isle of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But the historical ghosts are more interesting objects of study. In the same count}- of Norfolk, says Mr Rye, young Lord Dacre, who was"mur dered in 15G5 by his guardian. Sir Richard Fulmerston,. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the 'boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the ave nue of Rlickling Park, once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four headless horses, and driven by a head less driver, with her head in her lap; and her father. Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every mid-day and midnight, and with its load of. four headless, dripping, white- robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks again; and tradition says that at this spot, long,ago. a bridal party were up set into this pool, and never seen again. Then there is the Gray Lady of Rain ham—not to b.e confounded with the Brown Lady of.Rainham in Durham— •who represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced., it is said, to marry Lord Towns end in 171.1; and the ghost of one Lush, .who committed suicide and was buried near Redenhall; and many others. A firmly believed in coach-ghost is that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress -of Sir Jojin Fit;; of Fitzford. in Devonshire, about 1500. who, Mr Baring Gould says, travels nightly from Oke hampton Castle to Fitzford Gate. Tavis tock.. in a coach of bones, preceded by aphantom dog. The Devonshire folk believe, this’ to be the subject of the Attaints. weird ballad of "My Ladye's Cbacli," which, opens : • , - -j- - ... . My Ladye hath a sa’ole'' coach. ' And horses two and four; My Ladye hath'a gaunt bloodhound. ■ That runneth on before. My Ladye's coach hath nodding plumes, The.driver hath no head; My Lady is as ashen white As'one that long is dead. But. as. Mr Baring-Gould says in his Introduction to the "Songs of the West." .the Lady of the ballad, no doubt, per sonifies Death. Gabriel Craddock is a well known Essex' ghost. He was famous in the middle, of the . last century as Jerry Lynch, the highwayman, who with the proceeds of his exploits built Lapwater Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drink, he bid them “lap water." He was run to earth in his new . house, wounded, and drowned in the pond to ■■which he had directed the thirsty work men’s attention, and he is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they came from Sheffield. Ingrave, Horndon, Laindon, and Pitsea. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpoles, Earls of • Orl’ord. has its "-host!}" associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers, the former possessors of the Hall, from Wicltmere Church, and one of the buried ladies is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To . atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his’'burial was driven in his hearse three times round ruined Wickmere ; Church before being finally laid fo rest.’ \- Verv well . known., is .the. stile at Littlecote. near Marlborough.; on the old,! Bath road, whereat Wild Darrell, the principal fn the terribly weird tragedy ■ at Littlecote Hall, is still believed to be seen, followed by his howling I hounds, as on the day when he met his death here—ridinp madly along:, reck less in his conscious torture, and con fronted by the apparition of a babe burning in a flame. lo <1 lUUli’J. All the unhappy ladies of history 'walk Ann nf r^ljaVAtt nnncm tin nnr! "waiK : ' Ann of .Cleves paces up and down the gallery bearing her name in Hever Castle; Fair Rosamond walks on the river-bank at Godstow: Amy Rob sart on the side of Cumnor; Mary.Queen Scot® fvfr lt'Athopin<»H/>v W 3, at Fotheringhay. IVe have noted Anne Boleyn's procedure at Blickling. Canterbury King's School boys faithfully believe, until they at tain age of absolute wisdom when no creeds are tolerated except that in self, that the unfortunate Nell Cook, famous in the Ingoldsby legend, haunts the Dark Entry every Friday night. At Apethorpe. the Karl of Westmoreland's seat in Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering silver pennies as she goes; 'but the pennies are air, and wot: to him who tries to test their solidity— so say, and- probably believe, the good folk around. In the romantic North Country these poor dames abound. There Is the Brown Lady of Rainham—stately m coif and rich brocade, hut eyeless.There is “RilVv" nf Denton Hall, near LetVr , 11 lil UCllUvt t/uv cj « ; 'Silky'' of Denton Hall, near LeWr in a flowered, long-waistcd satin • ;nwn and n satin hood. There is the* iVhite I^adv of Sklpsea Castle; Lady Derwentwater of Dilston .Castle: the 3rav Woman of \Villingtnn; Meg or deldnn In a broad bat; the White Lady Ilcnkinsnp. who still walls over a. chesc if gold, the cause of all the unhappi less of her married life, cum mil I tie iliis-. The famous Cauld Lad of Hyl on. on the river Wear, was only laid luring the last century, but his wail. 'I’m cauld 1 I’m cauld 1" has been worn to as heard at a much later date. Ic .was not r|.iiifp..a. fitock. ghost .of the itLrrvt., K-it<iiai( ; •,V»ut .was more 'Ob t "brownie or p\x1c’. .worwnp vitchon during,the night It the maids were sluggards—very much contrary <• o the usual rule of his kind... The Grav Man of Bcllister is anotner veil-known North Country ghost His i-minal was a wandering mins.rel who tailed at the Castle, which Is near galtwhistle, on the vas admitted, and pleased the L iop owner for a time, until he sol ficious that the poor old was a spy from a neighbor baron vilh whom he was at feud. The m.n itrel got wind when he was su»p=^' tnd stole away. Blenk.nsop sent,bipod rounds after him. and he was iieces. As this happened in lLO. and .he Gray Man is still spoken of in a d., rict by no means behind the age in re invent. intelligence and education vlio dare hope that argument can eter iverthrow superstition? c°rl,yJlaS.^ lenr Carlisle, has been modernised bul n it wainscoted, tapestried Ghost loom" the Radiant Boy still walks. At Ihillingham Castle in Northumbeland here was also a radiant boy. until the skeleton of a boy found in-one of the oedroom walls, not very long ; « juried, and then be disappeared, and at Hoatham, in Yorkshire. Wimbtt tixuli :ion speaks of a shining child who tan shes when pursued. ..... Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition Is connected with a certain West Country house, to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the w iu dew the scribbling of little fl"Ger® to be effaced by any amount of ribhins The ghost of Knaresdale Hall. ne. r Haltwhistle, in Northumberland, wa? a steadv belief not very, very long ago. In this case a brother murdered an. in convenient sister by drowning her in a pond, and the lady revenged herselt by walking from the house to the pond upon every occasion that a membt.i o. the family happened to bo about after dark. But if one were to enumerate what may by termed the “ ,Fr!vf^' Ghosts ’• of England and Males, the walking ladies and gentlemen, who hav ing been nobodies during their lives, are determined that something more an the mere' epitaphs over their graves sWn.ll Keep - LWelr memeovies green, uie limits of this paper would be very far exceeded. The very House in which the author of the paper is writing is well known by the villagers to have a White Lady on its uppermost stair landing, a discovery which very much unhinged some American visitors, who declared that it they had known it, nothing would have" induoed them to sleep so soundly in rooms abutting on the said landing during three months of the pre sent year. But who she was, Histoiy sayeth not. What Canon Jessopp says about his own country of Norfolk is true else where: "If the Norfolk peasant's mind be nevr so dull, the old traditions, hand ed down from ages past, come in to help him. He thinks it would be im pious to doubt that disembodied spirits still hov.er about the scenes of their earthly pilgrimage.” So the Lincoln shire folk say that not only does Here ward the Wake still, on wild nights, ride furiously along the road from Bourne to .Peterborough, hut that he haunts the site of his old home close to the Well Head In the town of Bourne. So they believe that Thorpe Hall, near Louth,* the ghost of the Spanish lady who fell in love with Sir John Bodes, as commemorated in the old ballad, which commences; Will you hear a Spanish lady. How shee wooed an "English man? Garments gay and rich as may be. Decked with jewels slice had on (known from her dress as the Green Lady) still haunts .the particular tree near the mansion. Now and then—not often—ghostly ap pearances or sounds are explained to the peasant's satisfaction. Thus, in the county of Durham. “Gabriel's Hounds' were for long, long years believed to .shriek and howl through the air on dark nights, and to forebode death to him who heard and saw them. But prosaic modern research has proved them to be nothing but flocks of wild gec-se migrat ing southward on the approach of win ter, and choosing dark nights for their journeys. Similarly, the ghost of Irby-' dale, in the'Lincohtshire Wolds, a gob lin wlio-.terrified travellers at'night with ; its heartrending cries, an'd-who is said to’be a witch who had been worried £o • death..by. dogs in a’long past age, has been shown to be nothing but an-owl. On the other hand, no true Cornishman will ever be induced to relinquish the be lief tkat the spirit of King Arthur stiil haunts the ruins of Tintagel in the. shape of a white chough; and as3uredr ly the many English families who pos sess a white bird of omen, such as that which Mr John Oxenham saw in West ward Ho! cling firmly to the tradition, if,not to the belief in it. And so, ghosts or no ghosts, the po sition is just the same at the end of the nineteenth century as at the end of he eighteenth — all argument is against them, and if all belief is not for them, a very great deal more is than people like to acknowledge. 