LITERATURE. HAUNTED HOUSES. ********** Discussing the question as to what legal remedy is open to the tenant of a haunted house, the London Daily News writes: — Several cases are reported in old French and Spanish books, and these will be found analysed in a work entitled 'Cock-lane and Common-sense.' The landlord, of course, used to urge that the tenant had brought his own ghost, if it was a ghost, and must abide it. The difficulties of proof were great ; the case, carried from court to court, was unsatisfactory, for vari- ous ways, hauntings have come into modern law. In the thirties a Captain Molesworth, living in a semi-detached house, next his landlord's in Trinity, Edinburgh, was sued to restrain him from pulling up the floors and breaking through the partition walls in search of the causes of mysterious noises. The landlord accused the captain's daughter of being what is now called ' a medium.' How the worthy sheriff decided the case we are unable to say owing to the diffi- culties of research in the records of Mr Sheriff Coust. Thus legal precedents are rare, and not good, so the tenant of Silver- ton Abbey ' writes to the papers.' The obvious thing to do was to consult Mr Myers, the secretary of the Psychical So- ciety, or S.P R. It is not everybody who, as a character of George Elliot's says, 'has a nose for a ghost.' But the society has a lady member, well-known in occult circles as ' Miss X,' who can, usually, or often, see what is to be seen in a haunted house. Miss X makes no pretentions to infallible success, but it is understood that where she fails, triumph is uncommon. Mean- while two ordinary ' supraliminal ' mor- tals, Messrs FitzMaurice and Poole, have, greatly daring, slept in the empty, un- furnished Abbey and communicate the re- sults. They took the usual precautions, searched the Abbey, fastened the windows, locked the doors, carried pistols, and never- theless ' heard light footsteps, not cat's steps.' Next night there were sounds of heavy furniture being dragged about — now, ' the house is devoid of furniture.' There was also ' a heavy bang,' in the opposite room, ' the door being wide open.' There was nobody in the room, and nothing that could, apparently, have caused the noise. The gentlemen discount, as possible causes, ' rats, cats, wind, and so forth.' There the matter rests — when it does rest — and it may be commended to Mr Sherlock Holmes, and Mr Myers, and, if he pleases, to Mr Maskelyne. So far, as Mr Pepys says of Glanvil's account of the Tedworth ghost, it is interesting but not convincing. A very large house may have many undiscovered hiding- places ; win- dows are not very difficult to open, and somebody may have a spite at the owner or tenant of Silverton Abbey. The conven- tional style of hauntings, noises, and foot- steps is easily counterfeited when once access to a house is obtained. What in- terest the anthropologist (if anything of this sort does interest him) is the persistence of the types of ' haunting,' the steps, knocks, and bangs. From Ancient Egypt and Assyria to the Dyaks, the Australian blacks, the Burmese, the Incas, the Vikings of the Sagas, through Tedworth, Epworth (the Wesley's rectory), Willington Mill (the Proctor's), through 'Brownies,' in Major and Kirk, to yesterday's newspaper, haunting is always ' the same old game.' The human mind, of course, works in the line of least resistance (except when it attacks the Boers on a re-entering angle). If steps and bangs are the easiest tricks, this will be discovered by the savage intellect, and handed down to civilisation. In dozens of cases, the tricks, by servants, children, or smugglers, have been actually discovered. In other examples, rats, cats, wind, water, have been detected in the act, as when Mr Pepys apprehended ' a spright,' and only found ' our young gib- cat.' Yet, while verce causae have been established, it is not quite honest to shirk the fact that often all search has failed in the most famous examples. The Wesley Bogey is well known. The evidence is documentary, respectable, at first hand, and no system of explanation yet advanced is worth a brass button. Something may, indeed, be done, if we start from noises caused by tricks, and then suppose that fear and fancy may set up a train of hallucinations. Any reader of old Mr Wesley's letters and diary may decide for himself whether that patriarchal man was easily hallucinated. He was, of course, Samuel, the father of the celebrated John and Charles Wesley. The most extrordinary modern case quoted externally is that of Mr Proctor's Haunted Mill at Willington, near Newcastle on-Tyne. The Quaker family stuck to the mill for many years, in spite not only of knocks and bangs and lights, but of volatile furniture and 'appearances ' — human and bestial. A doctor, who slept there, like Messrs Pooley and FitzMaurice, was literally frightened into a fit. The diary of Mr Procter, kept with Quaker sobriety and veracity, is extant and may be read. It suggests no theory, unless we believe that mysterious noises, artificially produced, may set up in all adjacent minds a regular chronic habit of contagious hallucination— which is interesting, if true. The Willing- ton mill, dressed up to taste, is clearly the origin of Lord Lytton's tale. ' The Haun- ters of the Haunted, or the House and the Brain.' Lord Lytton's explanation is a vigorous amount of hypnotic suggestion, ex- ercised by a villain at a distance, the villain being Saint German the Douthless, or based on that enigmatic historical parson- age. Many circumstances connected with the Tedworth, Epworth, and Oldeville cases (1850) point in the direction of Lord Lytton's theory. The owner of the haunted houses has offended the local ' wiseman ' or wizard. But, of course, scientific hypnotism, in Charcot, Liébault, and others, does not give an inch of ground for Lord Lytton's hypothesis to stand upon. The next dwellers at Silverton may take bull-dogs or yelping terriers for company, and, of course, place videttes round the out- side of the house. The owner and tenant may provide, as persons interested, the ex- penses of a detective force. For this is, to them, an expensive practical joke. In spite of education, and the march of intel- lect, people will not rent a haunted house. Servants dislike ' ghaists and eldritch fan- tasies' — so do their employers. Customer — ' Can you take the name ' Maud' off this ring and substitute ( Annabel ? ' Jeweller — ' Yes ; but it will cost something ; the name is cut so deep.' Customer—' All right ; but don't cut it so deep next time.' A little girl recently drank a pint of paraf- fia oil. The doctor thought she would die, until one of her relatives hit on a happy ex- pedient. They slipped a yard of candlewick down into the oil, lit the upper end, and during the evening she lighted the room nicely, and then went to bed all right. ' Tickets, please, gentlemen,' said the col- lector, and they were all produced, save that of a poor feeble old gentleman, who searched all his pockets in vain for his, and the fellow passengers growled exceedingly.-' Train is waiting for you, sir,' went on the collector "Way, there it is in your mouth, sir, all the time. Right away !' And the train moved on. ' Do you suffer much from absence of mind ? ' asked a satirical passenger. ' Absence of mind be hanged,' returned the poor feeble old gentleman. ' I wag sucking the date off a last week's ticket." 