PRIZE STORY COMPETITION ["commended.] THE SILENT BRIDEGROOM OF SAJNDy FLAT- A TALE OF THE DIGGINGS. CHAPTER V. (Continued). (By William Camebon.) A bundle of notes marked exhibit " B" is handed up. They were crisp and new, and apparently had not been in circulation. " Do the numbers, on these notes correspond with the entries in that book ?" " They do." The case for the police is finished," said the senior sergeant-triumphantly. " I am not inr a position at present," said Hume, " to offer anything in rebuttal of this bare- faced, trumped-up evidence." " You are committed," said the P.M., •" to take your trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court at C . I cannot admit yon to bail." Although so sudden and unexpected a calamity was sufficient to drive everything else from his mind, Jessie's danger concerned him more than his own trouble. " May I address a few words to your Worship," said Hume, as the magii trate was leaving the bench. " The case is closed,"' was the cold reply. " Sergeant., a word with you please." <• Lead the accused away, Constable Riley," said the sergeant. " For God's sake, sergeant, pleaded Hume. " Lend him away, Riley." He then endeavored to enlist Riley's assistance in aid of poor Jessie. " Just you be aisy now. 1'il attind to the little Colleen as soon as iver I cop that spalpeen of a horse thafe. Yon see the tracker has got me baste ready." " When do you expect t» catch him." " Be jabbers and it's meself that don't know. It'n twinty purty pounds I'll be afther having when I do catch liim." In a few minutes Hume found himself alone, chained to the log, with despair at his heart. CHAPTER VI. On the day following the horrible crime committed by her parents, Jessie's mind was very nearly unhinged. Her whole soul was in revolt against them, and she was determined not to hold this crowning act of their iniquity. How she longed for the arrival of Hume with the magistrates and police. She would fly to his arms, and safe under his protection would no longer dread the demoniac power with which her father swayed her. But hour after hour passed without a sign of Hume or magistrate, and a terrible dread took possession of her. Something jpust have befallen liim, for she ielt sure he would never forget his promise. And if he did. not arrive in time, what would become of her? She could not bear to think of the fearful fate with which her father threatened her. She •would rather die than marry Joe Bigger. Sunset arrived, but no Hume Livingstone. " I may meet him when I go for the cows," thought Jessie. " At any rate, I shall go for them, and if I do not see Mm I will run away." But her father had his eye upon her. He seemed to guess her thoughts, and as she was opening the slip panel he ordered her back to the house with a look and tone that brooked no remon- strance. She went to her room, where her grief found some relief in bitter tears. Kneeliug by her bedside, she prayed to her Creator, and begged Him, if he was a God of Love, to look down in pity upon her. Somewhat comforted, and still hopeful, she laid down and her tired frame soon yielded to the influence of sleep. Some hours afterwards she awoke with a start from a fearful dream, . in which the crime of the previous night mingled with others still more odious. Her father and her mother, thinking her asleep, were conversing in an unguarded tone. They had brought out the stranger's bag from its hiding place, and were gloating over its contents. This is a bully bag, mother," said Blaney. " It's right into my tomahawk to keep my papers. Here's a couple of letters I'll put in for a start. They will help me to do a little blackmailing byand-bye when things are dull." He drew a couple of greasy envelopes from his pocket and placed them in the bag. About the wedding, Blaney," enquired her mother, " why did you piteh on Webster's pub for the business ?" " Well, you see 1 want to have a bit of a flare up on the occasion. It's a nice quiet place, a good live miles from town where nobody is likely to poke his nose into our affairs : and me and the boys can have a regular good time without being bothered by anyone. The parson told me he would be thereby ten. Have another drop of gin." " And what about Joe ? Can you reckon upon him being there ?" enquired Mrs. Blaney smacking her lips. "Rather. .We arranged it all last night before we separated. Its a regular chuck in for him, and he knows it* He told me he'd be sure to be there if he didn't turn up before. Bub I've asked Webster to go up to the Moun tain Camp with his waggonette first thing to-morrow morniug." " You think Jess won't kick up a dust over the business." 1 You just make your mind easy about that, mother. I know how to manage hev. I have only to " His speech was interrupted by picrcinar shriek from his wife. "What the divil's the matter with you now ; enquired Blaney, getting up from his chair. • The man you murtliered, see—see— in the doorway," was her reply. ' Blaney looked, and with a groan, fell headlong into a corner. • Save me, Blaney, save me,*' shrieked the woman, rooted with terror to the ground. " Save me ! He's coming in. He's coming ill. Save me, Blaney, save Blaney, however, gave no heed to her cries, but prayed with all his heart, if he had one, that the ground should open and swallow him up. For a few seconds all that Jessie could hear was incoherent cries mid groans. As she had far less to fear from a spirit from the other world than from living beings. Jessie got out of bed quietly and peered into the room. She could see nothing and retired.to bed again, feeling sure that the ghost was the creation of their guilty consciences. In a few minutes Mrs. Blaney recovered her utterance. " He's gone, Blaney, he's gone. Get up you ould coward and get us a taste of gin. Ocli, och, if iver I seed the like av this." " You're sure that's him ?" enquired Blaney, getting up, his face pale as death. " Sure!" As sure's you're Jim Blaney. " Mother, he's the dead spit of ." The word was uttered in a tone so low that Jessie could not distinguish the name. He seemed to fear the very walls might hear it. "Good Heaven's, mother, the bag with the yellow boys! It's gone, exclaimed Blaney, in a mingled tone of terror and wrath. " Save us, so it is! Oh, Blaney it was a raal ghost." Blaney indulged in a round bout of curses, both loud and deep, aud then joined with his wite in seeking the solace which, the gin bottle afforded. Administering maudlin consolation to each other, they at length fell into the sleep of the unjust. CHAPTER VII. The morning arose fair and beautiful, as if the face of creation was unsullied by dark deeds and innocent of anguish, Such a morning as says, with no uncertain voice, " Life is worth living," and makes happy souls exclaim with gladness, " It is good to be here." Blaney was as brave as a Trogan in the light of day. "Now, Jess," said he, "get your duds on quick. You must not be late at your wedding, you know." " I won't marry Joe. You may kill me first," said Jessie, resolutely. There seemed, alas, no sign of Hume's promised assistance, and she determined to yield up her life if necessary rather than espouse such a monster. I liavn't the slightest intention of killing you," replied Blaney. " That's not my game at all. But as sure as ever you refuse to marry Joe, someone else will die." " What do you mean ?" demanded Jessie. " Simply this, that two of my mates have got Hume Livingstone roped to a tree up in the range, and the moment y. u refuse to take Joe Bigger for better or for worse, he goes to kingdom come." Jesue lost heart A once. Black despair took possession of her. This fearful disclosure revealed the reason why Hume had not come to her assistance. She knew her father too well to doubt that he would carry out his threat. " You see this revolver, don't yon ? it's got a peculiar report, hasn't it ? My mates know it well. It's to be the signal, and I've only got to pull the trigger and I know what to do." Jessie made no remark. She mechanically arrayed herself in the clothes she was directed to put on, and got into the spring-cart beside her parents. For Hume's sake she would sacrifice herself if Heaven did ngt intercept the unholy alliance. At length they reached Webster's. A lot of the scum of the diggings whom he had invited were there already. They were singularly quiet. Is Joe Bigger come ?" inquired Blnney. " Aye, my mon; he's here. I brocht him in the waggonette." " Where is he ?" In there in the parlor." " And the parson ?" " He's iu the parlor, too." '•I'll want a case of whisky, Mrs. Webster ; I'm going to stand treat, Come along, b >ys ; come along, ould woman." Jessie did not show much alacrity. " Jess," whispered he in her ear; remember, I've but to press this." What could, the posr girl do ? She followed him, Blaney led ilie way, holding his daughter by the arm. His wife followed, and after her came the crowd. Webster threw open the door. There, laid out on the table, cold and stiff, and covered with Wood, was Joe Bigger—a corpse, with a blood-sprinkled blanket for n shroud. Mrs. Blaney shrieked. Blayney advanced into the room, and in a loud voice demanded, " Who's done this ?" There was no answer. " By heaven's," he. continued, " if I knew who committed this foul crime I should never siloep till I shot him dead. Where was he found ?" On Sandy Flat, near the creek," replied Webster. "The dingoes had just dug hiufout of the ground. See, a crack in the heid did the job." Blaney, you did it," whispered his wife. "It'sour blanket. Come along." They made their way to the spriugcart in silence, and drove madly away, forgetting all about Jessie. She did not win the silent bridegroom of Sandy Flat. (To hv Continued.') A five head stamper battery is to be ordered at once for the Credo mine. We hart occision to remark recently on the rapidity with which the Mulline district, Mine 30 miles to the west of Menzies, is c uning to the front. Mr. Barton, late of South Africa, has taken up about 200 acres there lately, and, for one property, it is reported, that be has given as much as £10,000. Some stone from the leading mine of the district, the Golden Wonder, was brought to town by Mr. Fearby on his return from his recent trip. It is great quartz, heavily charged with iron, owing to the decomposition of pyrites, and ib studded thickly with coarse gold. . Two tons of the ore which were lately crushed in Coolgardie gave a yield of 23oz-, with 8oz. 6dwts in the tailings. The country ou the surface is much broken up. The continuous course of the reef, however, as traceable by their outcrops, is an indication that it will be found to become more settled lower down. If there were a permanent disturbance right through it could not be possible that the Teefs should be aB continuous as. they are. The disturbance probably took place after the reef had been formed. A shaft is down 76ft, and there are several costeens, one of which exposes a body of stjne 20ft long, 6ft in depth and 3ft in width. Mr. Fearby has seen some stone from the mine that would go 200oz to the ton. Mr. H..C. Armstrong, M.P.S.A. (formerly of the Ballarat Hospital), may be consulted by letter addressed Apothecaries Company, Perth* 