[?] [?] Tho' novel that appeals most to a gardendr— 1're an 'oe. The novel that would appeal' .triost (!o ismarck-^— ' Called Back.' Tho novel that appeals most1 to ?a punster- — Hobbing Hood. ' ^ Prince Henry of Battenburg insured his life, two months before death for £120,000. The tombstone is about the only thing that can stand upright and at the same time lie on its face. I pressed a kiss upon her hand, And there I placed the ring ; Sbe blushed and softly murmured, There's a place for every thing. On a very pretty girl's saying to Leigh Hunt, 'lam very sad, you set J, 1 he re plied, 1 Oh, no ; you belong to the othor Jewish sect; you are ver j fair, I see? ' Old Quiverful — 'And so you want to take our; daughter from us; yon want fo take her from us suddenly withont a word of warning 7, Y onng Goslow— 'Not at all, air. If there is. anything about her yon warn me against, I'm willing to listen, ' A Double Pun. — When Sir Bichard Steele was made a member of the Com mons, it .was axpeoted from his! ingeni ous writings that he would have been an admirable Speaker. 'Not proving, so, 'De Foe said, ' He bad better have continued the Spectator than the Tatler.' On the order for mobolisation in England every commanding officer' of a regiment gots two guineas per man for every man in his command;' This goes to the men for little necessaries 'on the eve of departure, and, breathe.it gently, for a jollification among them. A poetical auctioneer in Gloucester shire, described a cow which be had to sell as being Long in her sides, bright in her - eyes, Short in her legs,' thin in her thighs, Big in her ribs, wide in her pins, Full in her bosom small in her shins. Long in hor face, 6ne in her tail, And never deficient in filling her pail. A Welsh schoolmaster was recently speaking 10 ma pupus aoour. ampniDious animals. After explaining that they lived in the water as well on dry land, he asked for instances. Several were cor rectly given, and then a small boy held out his hand. 'Well what ia it 7' ask- ed the) master. The boy promptly ex claimed, ' A Baptist, sir !' ' You see that little fellow yonder ? . ' Yes.' ' He's my tailor. I believe he is ; going to have the insolence to dun me in the street.' '.'It ltroks that way. ' If he does he's » dead man — that's all.' ? Got the money in yonr pocket, have you 7' Overheard at the Authors' Olub « ' So you'vo given up writing funny things for a living ?' ' Yes ; people got to calling me a wag.' ' What's your idea of literary style T ! ' Old clothes, generally.' ' I think I have a new idea for my next novel.' ? What is it 7' ' I in tend to make the heroine as good as she is beautiful.' ' w hen Spoonoiore proposed to Flora Flurtleigb, be wrote a song telling her how much he loved hery and sent it to her. Sbe returned it, asking him to . add a chorus to it.' 'What did 6he want a chorus for ?' ' So that others could join in.' 'In your thriller for the December Masquerade you make your ghost vanish into thin air.' Author: ' That is the ? correct formula, is it not?' Friend] ' But the scene is laid in London.' ' Jones obtained that position as literary critic of the Hustler ' ' Has to read a great deal, I suppose V ' They're not particular what he reads, but he's expected to criticse ten new books every week.'— -Puck, One who reports on the conditio^ of Japan, or, as he calls it, Japon, and the Japanese, in the year a d. 1686. gives ' somo curious details, some of wbicb proln'ily should be taken 1 cum grutio salis, ? Be relates that the Japs were Vety fickle, and fond of novelties ; very fiery and revmgcfu! — so much so, that upon the least affront given to them they would rip up their own bellies and destroy themselves, if other revenge were hot at hand. Other characteristics the writer avers to have been an utter fearlessness of death and extreme cruelty. On occasions of feasts it was eometimes the habit of the prince or lord who acted as hoBt to challenge his chief officers and servants as to whether any one of them should kill himself for his lord's sake. Thus it happened that several would emulate each other in striving for the honor, and the one whom tie prince should elect would straightway rip him self up with a crio, or poisoned dagger. Similar acts of cruelty wero practised oa other great occasions — founding n palaoor and so forth. 