Readings in Catholic Doctrine, ' What do CtitholioR Doliovo?' Wk lu'lii'-vc in --n-» only ti'im ami living (I.hI, tln- bird. un«l (Jivator «'»l' all things j HtiliKistiii^ in TlinM. I'l.rwons, tins FailuT, Sun, and Jluly csliost. T-- thin (iod ulono wo giv-« Divino honour nml adonitiiiii, and wn dettmt with our u'h.,1.. Koul.mill liindHo!' idolatoi'v j tlnit is, tin) giving --!' DiviiiH woi-Hliii) to any fulso god, or idol, or any person or thing what soever, besides Mil! ono truo and living Ciod. \V»! honour, indeed, tho BIohkihI Virgin, the Mother of our Hod and Saviour, Jesus Christ, hut not as a goddess, nor with any part of Uivino worship. Wo honour tho annuls and tho saints of God as His servants. Wo honour His priests, His churches, His altars, His word, and whatever olso has relation to Mini ; hut all for His sake, and by an honour that is referred to Him, not with that honour which Ho lias appro priated to Himself. Such also is the veneration we have for tho Gross, for relics, for the pictures, or figures of our Redeemer and His Saints. Wo value them as memorials of Christ and His Holy ones ; as representations of our Redeemer, or of our redemption ; as helps to pious thoughts and affections; but we condemn and anathematise all such as would pray to them, or believe any divinity inherent in them, or give them Divino worship. Wo believe in one Lord Jesus Christ, the Eternal Son of God, who for us sinners, and for our salvation, was made man; that Ho might be the Head, tho High Priest, the Advocate, and Saviour of all mankind. We acknowledge Him our only Redeemer, who paid our ransom by dying for us on the Cross ; that His death is the fountain of all our good ; and that mercy, grace, and sal vation can by no means be obtained but through Him. We confess Him to be tho only Mediator between God and man, tho only Mediator of redemption, and tlio only Mediator of intercession, who intercedes in such manner as to stand in need of no other merits to recommend His petitions. But, ns for the saints, although wo address ourselves to them and desire their prayers (as we do those of God's servants hero upon earth), yet wo mean nothing else than that they should pray for us, and Avith us, to our common Lord, who is our God, and their God, through the merits of tho same Jesus Christ, who is our Mediator and their Mediator. We believe the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be the Word of God; we have the highest veneration for their Divine authority. If, at any time, or in any place, tho pastors of our Church have restrained the ignorant from reading them, it was not out of disrespect to those sacred volumes, much less out of any impious design to keep the peoplo by that moans in ignorance and error, but purely because the unlearned, as the Scriptures themselves inform \is, are apt to ' wrest them to their own destruction.' (2 St. Peter iii., 16.) If we also receive unwritten traditions as part of tho word of God, Ave mean no other traditions but such as are Divine, and which Ave believe to be Divino by the same authority by which avo believe the Scriptures. We believe that in order to enter into eternal life wo must keep the Command ments of God, and that whosoever dies in tho guilt of a Avilful breach of any ono of those Divino precepts in a grave matter will be lost eternally. That no power on earth can authorise a man to break the Commandments of God, or commit sin, or do any evil whatsoever in order that good '?may come of it. That neither the Pope, nor any man living, can set aside the law of God, or make it lawful for a man to lie, or forswear himself, or do anything that is forbidden in the Divino Law. Wo believe that neither pope, bishop, or priest, nor any power in Heaven or earth, can forgive any man his sins without a hearty repentance, and a serious purpose ? of amendment. That the indulgences granted in the Church are neither dis pensations to commit sin, nor pardon for sins to come, but only a remission of the temporal punishment due to sins com mitted j and that no indulgences can avail any man towards this remission, until by a hearty repentance he has re nounced the gvtilt of his sin. Our faith teaches us to detest all massacres, treasons, and murders whatso ever, whether committed by Protestants .against Catholics, or by Catholics against Protestants. We look upon these as aiming tin1 wry (jreuti'iit criuies that can be iniiniiittcd ln«twi\,t iitiiu and man, und Hiit'h t\fi i'iinm-t hn jiiHtilit'd by any pro. tt'\t df relitfimi. And*.i far urn Catholic* from thinking it lawful to murder horetii'K, that in all lungdoiiiH and Stale* which )-rofc,»H the Catholic religion, Much mur derer of hereticri must certainly expert untiling leh'K than death by t In* lawn of hi. country, and dammit inn if he dies unrepen tant, by th (i faith auddnc! rineof his Church, We believe the IllenHcd KucliariHt to be both a Hacr.'unent and a sacrillce. In thi.s sacrament we adore not (he bread and wine which would, indeed, be a iimst stupid idolatry, hut Jorum Christ, the Sou of -Snd, whom, upon the strongest grounds of 1 1 1 « ? Word of (iod, ami authority of Ilia Church, wo believe to be really, truly, and sub stantially present in the mierod mysteries. And it is to His passion and death which wo there celebrate and oiler to (iod that wo attribute all that propitiation and grace which we look for from tho sacrifice of Holy Mass. Tn conclusion, wo boliovo that no man can bo justified, either by tho works of tho law of naturo, or by tho law of Mosos, without faith in Jesus Christ ; that we cannot, by any antocodont works, morit tho grace of justification; that tho morit of our good works is tho gift of ('iod, and that ovory morit and satisfaction of ours depends on tho merits and passion of Christ. These aro our real principles, taught by our Church in her councils, and learnt by her children in their catechisms. We renounce, dotost and anathematise all contrary doctrines imputed to us by those who are, and always have boon, busy to misrepresent and slander the Church of God. 