LONDON WOOL MARKET. (OUR SPECIAL REPORT.) TRADE PROSPECTS AT THE END OF 1895. LONDON, December 27.— A few Inquiries for parcels withdrawn during tho course of tho recent sales, with. In many cases, nothing, or next door to It, resulting therefrom, are about all that was noted the first half of tho week. Since then "merry Christmas" has blocked the way of all business. The deduc tion made by a very close observer of tho relative clean cost of wool purchased on your side, and now being put into work on Conti nental centres, .against tho clean cost of par cels secured during tho recent sales, is that the early purchases on your side do not show much, and in some cases nothing, to the buy ers' advantage; hence, not a few of the old- fashioned men hold up their hands In dismay when they hear of the risks their competitors run on the chance of getting "bargains" at the Antipodes. Unfortunately, these cheap lines are few and far between, except when the "ultimate" markols, as they aro com monly called, get a bit of a spurt, and then tho speculator gets a chance. I was talking tho other day with a Yorkshireman, and he gave me a most doleful account of tho way somo of the woo! dealers had boon hit of late years by purchasing on a dear market— at the opening of the new season, for Instance — and having to sell cheap at a time when supplies in Europe were abundant. I have Just heard the same story from another quar ter, but this time with reference to Capo wool. It seems that tho wool buyers out there liavo been acting Malay fashion, and running amuck on all the sheep farms up the country, paying idiotic prices for any sort of wool — good, bad, and Indifferent— just to get hold of tho farmers' trade for necessa ries. Now the wool has reached the coast towns, they find out what a blunder they have made, and don't know what to do with it. as they can't sell It at Port Elizabeth, East London, Durban, or Capetown, without in curring a heavy loss, and the quotations of London values offer no better prospects for realisation. Under these circumstances they warehoused their wool in the colony, wait ing, llko Mr. Micawber. for something to turn up. Thcso wools are mostly very short flannel or tweed making staple, and though this trade's present condition Is not very prosperous, yet 1 am glad, indeed, to report that some of my Rochdale friends are quite sanguine that better days are near at hand for them ns a body. Some of the- large mills are putting in fresh and newer machinery, which fact is worth a whole heap of talk about better times, as for years past the Rochdale people have 'been curtailing their trade, and fearful of spending ever so littlo on fresh plant, owing to the cotton flannelette scare. This fraud Is being found out, to the ulti mate benefit of your woolgrowers, no doubt, as theso flannel-makers in Rochdalo and Yorkshlro use up an immense quantity of noils, or tho short fibres, combed out of Aus tralian wool. "When tho "woollen" trade- that Is, the branch using short wool— Is quiet, then noils aro quiet also In sympathy, and combers cannot give such a good price for their raw wool, owing to tho small prices they got for the noils and waste. You will realise tho Importance of this when I state that some of tho shorter, tender, or hurry wools givo nearly one-quarter of tho clean scoured weight back as noils, while a really good, sound, combing wool will often only give one-eighth as noils. THE UNITED STATES TARIFF. I have just now happened on - a. Yorkshire manufacturer doing business with America, and thought It would be useful to get his ideas respecting tho movement in favor of a fresh duty on wool and more protection for American manufacturers, lie was very strong on (he question that the "free" wool had not benefited tho United Suites, inasmuch as it had reduced the value of their own wool seriously, while the foreign goods had flooded their markets to tho groat injury of tho home manufacturer. This is a view which has been previously expressed, perhaps. In (heso columns, but it will bear confirmation from a practical quarter. Willi regard to tlio future, under present financial conditions he did not look for a continuance of tlio enormous Importation of foreign-made goods. The proposal to "tinker" the tariff once again may, however, have a stimulating effect upon exports from Europe, provided that it seems probable that Cleveland would not veto the same, out of pure eusscdness and obstinacy. On the other hand, stocks of for eign goods in America are understood to be very large, and people cannot go on for ever piling them tip, especially as the Increased cost of the raw material Is a serious item. With a duty on wool coming within practical range, (hero can be little room for doubt as to Its effects upon the Australian wool being beneficial, but it has to be remembered that those who have been operating so freely on your markets must have had some Inkling of the intentions of the Republican party on this point, and they have probably been dis counting part of the improvement of values which would result. Anomalous though It may seem, quite lately Australian wool was cheap er In Boston than on cither of the colonial or London markets, while their own domestic growth was also relatively cheaper than Aus tralian of similar quality and grade. The Ame rican wool people are greatly disappointed by their failure to dispose of any large quantity of their wool clip In Europe, as they had confidently expected under a free woo! regime to be able to do a largo export business. Euro pean manufacturers, however, who are famil iar with the good points of Australian wool, aro hardly likely to take kindly to the Ameri can production, and If their own candid friends aro to be relied upon, the United States wool- growers do not yet understand tho rudiments of tho nrt of putting their staple into tho market hi a proper way. Hence tlio bulk of their clip is purchased by manufacturers or dealers who know what Is necessary to be done to put It Into shape for re-sale or other wise; but in competition with the Australian growth it will never have a ghost of a chance, unless It bo at a lower figure, and even then the host consumers would rather pay much more money to get a good reliable urtlclc. This, happily, many of your largo wool pro ducers know by past experience, while I hope tho smaller growers will lay tho matter well to heart, and thus help to halm the position of Australian wool practically invincible against all competitors. Perhaps you will be interested to bear that about 40(H) bales of new clip wool from Monte Video and Buenos Ayros have just been sold In Liverpool at an advance of V1»<1 to 3t«d per lb. over the prices realised for 1894 early parcels 12 months ago. The wool, chiefly crossbred Lincoln and Les ter quality, shows that the River Plate grow ers are on the watch to Imitate your methods of sorting, etc., while by coming Into the market Just, when practically bare of colonial growths of course descriptions, the most favor able realisation for those hurry parcels was secured. All the same, tho Yorkshire consu mers do not take kindly to this class when they can got Australian. Tho French and Germans get on much better with them than the best makers of Bradford. Tho range oT values you would not consider a high one. but allowance has to be made for the burrs. Good merino fetched 6l,/.d to 7lid per lb., and nice- looking, well-grown, coarse and fine cross- breds from 7;!4d to ;%d per lb. Some of the higher priced lots were very light In the gveoso and fairly well skirted. 