•THE CHURCHES. ST. ANDREWS CHURCH. On Sunday die Bcv. L. Tait, B.A_ the newiy inducted minister of the Presbyterian Churdi at Kyneton, preached his first sermons in his new charge, the congregations both raoruing aud evening luang very large. In the morning the rev. gentleman's text was the l'Jth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. 32nd verse: And now, brethren^ I commend you to God and to the Word of His Grace, which is able to build you up and to give you an inheritance among them that art sanctifieiL'' In speaking of the words of the "text, the rev. gentleman reminded his hearers how this address of St. Paul's had stimulated Christians of all ages. In ooming among them his one desire would be to commeud them to God, whose love was' both their joy and shame. Their joy in that it was able to build them up and give them an inheritance among the saints in light; their shame, that tfaev kept this great their hearts. They had ^ ' ^ ^ t i k t t m m ; ! : and healing; how. much more help'and comfort was to be found in the Word of God. There were magnificent capabilities in Human Nature, but without the influence of God's Holy Spirit, what might have been a beautiful structure, lay in ruins. The material was there. This was God's, and for the building up of our character, so that it might be made meet for the inheritance He had promised to those who love and serve Him. The building up of character was not the work of a moment. It was only in fairy talcs that beautiful palaces sprang up in a day at the touch of a fairy wand. The most magnificent building may only rise one stone at a time, so with character. It was only by yielding to the influence of the Word of God's Grace that this could be attained. Yielding to other influences brought about the saddest thing on earth—the wreck and ruin of a human souL There was no need that any should perish. The message of God. of which Christ was the embodiment, was able to build all up if welcomed. God used other works, but the AYord of His Grace was the chief instrument to draw men unto Himself. Heaven was a prepared place for a prepared people. Without musical taste and culture no pleasure could be found in the compositions of Handel and other great masters, so iu like manner it was only by living Godly lives here on earth that they wonld be able to enjoy to the full the glories of Heaven. The evening sermon was based on 2 Corinthians, 4 c. 5 v: " For we preach not ourselves but Christ Jesus the Lord (or more correctly 'Christ Jesus as Lord') and ourselves jour aervants for Jesus' fake." The Christian minister could follow no better model tlian the apostle Paul, for in him was fonnd an illustrious example of the gifts and graces that brought true success in a minister of Christ. His qualifications for the great office were many, his seal, courage, firmness, and self- sacrificing spirit in the cause of his great Master were each in turn duly commented on, as were also his all absorbing devotion and ever glowing love to his Divine Lord. It was such that developed to the full his noble gifts. Paul would have been a great man in any capacity, but he was greater than he would otherwise have been because his -soul was filled with that deep absorbing devotion. He had a heart with a large capacity for affection. Paul's great method of serving his Divine Master was preaching. Jesus Himself was the beginner of that great work, and He commanded his servants to prcach the Gospel to every creature, and it pleased God to save men by it Such was Paul's life-work. He was not an eloquent man in the ordinary sense of the word, but his wonls were inspired by the Holy Spirit, and so burned into the ; hearts and consciences of those who heard him, and thus they were moved to righteousness of life and nobleness of conduct It was by the same means that it pleased God to save men now, but it was by preaching such as Paul's. That preacher who strove to follow out the example of Paul would be the most successful. Preaching was a Divine appointment If preaching was the channel through which Divine Grace flowed, then all Christians should pray for those who preached, that their thoughts and wonls might be inspired by the Holy Ghost. Paul frcqnently asked for the prayers of others, and this was •me .secret of ^ood hearing as well as,guod preaching. Those who prayed most fir the preacher would get most good themselves. The t-ubject of Paul's preaching was Christ Jesus the Lord. The preacher dwelt on the greatness of this aud concluded his remarks tatisiir it would be his endeavor to follow uring his ministry, the example set by Paul. &ed; his congregation to pray for him eek by week. 