A iECES» OF BOHEMIA. Br lloUA OAIBD. In the middle ages Bohemia was a wild land of' mountains nandrforests. where nooxie dared to .venture flut-of his house, or heyond the walls of; to town, without'carrying arms.••; In the heart of ' tins romantic country nestled the quiet old town of Eger,':-the;scene of Wallenstein's rebellion,-.-and rof his treacherous- murder. ; The. -Egerland is now a Wide stretch, of fertile plain, encircled ;by a line of.blue mountains; a little retn-ed . world where eren to this: day the customs i of ancestors, dating far back into history; continue; to-.-regulate the liv.es of the simple inhabitants. The houses of the peasant favmers are all , builtjJoli' i iOne: lmme^ mot ial- pattern; tlieiiv- inniatesi-.weaT the. same style ofgami ents, unvarying even to a bntton,: they sleep in gailypamted four-post bedsteads; carefuHy curtained'round, and quaff vast potations of beer-out of big tin or,earthenware flagons:; ®ie Bgerianders stand apart from their .neighbours as -abso- 1 utely as- if; miles -of -sea girded >'•. thei r. little'territory^ instead of a cirelet- of hills. Once msido tins- line of on chantmfcnt; the traveller -finds'himself : half- ' constrained;. to": take life on mediseval terms, so potent is- the-JOld'. world . atmosphere^ so strange- the charm of the-quaint superstitions and child-like worship of the people •Worn out with the worry and toil of conducting alarge business, I found myself one' sunny. .September in the heart of this, quaint little land, and 1 blessed, in an illogical fashion—pardonable in my exhausted state—the railway which.had enabled me to take a dip into an age when steam engines were still undreamt, of. For seven happy weeks I:. was r Bohemian at heart, a, devout Catholic a •worshipper of lean saints. Many a day. as 1 canie to a httle lonely- slinne by the side of some path across the fields, lhave gone down oil my knees and worshipped—I knew not what— the sweet Yirgm in her blue robp edged with gold, holding the . haloed Infant, in her arms. I came to love tiliat.nnld-faced'.'lady, and to wish that I could carry her home with me to pvny to when the foreign mails came inland—but, alas ! my delicate goddess grew pale at that thought, and 1' remembered that she belonged to "the land of Yesterday, and would fade and die it she were transported to the glaring world that Fate had chosen for my dwelling place. I had one favourite shrine which stood at the foot of,a, Ivill crowned by a large church, . whose strange Byzantinelooking cupola of. zinc or copper, painted red, could be seen for miles across the plain.;, My shrine was presided over by a bright blue Virgin, whose cerulean .eves'haa been tinted with the same'paint that stained ..iiei\ robe, slightly diluted.' On the shrine gratefu'pilgrims: hud hung up numerous quaint thanks-offerings, forhavihg. been'preserved; from illness, or -accU, dent. At the feet'of my Lady, of Azure. -When. 3. approached 1 ;ori . one: lovely (afternoon, knelt, a.maiden with head bent in prayer.; T nad . the im- ; pulseto go.-'.-«» and-.lcneel beside hei'. It is impossible to .describe the sense of happiness tliat:I felt-as . I .joinbd in worship with this boantifu 1 -Bohemiangirl.: . tt.seenied to. -iue, .tliat: thenj: nevei: before or after., my'prayer TixfiBir be granted. My fellow-worshipper was-the diingb.ter,of one of the wealthy peasant proprietors .oftlie ^erlaiidV her handsome,,cloth: dressy with its heavy clasps-of .•,inj;i:qiie loom's centuries old—.and'tbe strarigt-; headgear.: of'black; stuff [revealed. ...her: station. ..Sheosfas largestframe, with regular features, black eyes*. ^and;. -afine carriage of . the head; - How l blessed the perseverance wltli. which I had deyoted myself ..to.jthe.j'^lafepnic languages. . It was'..not,' I'diiScali': to draw .the girl -i^^c^yjU^tiqipL,'::-.She •nfas if .a'littie ihy. This cbiia. pf ^'^He^lidiiie'^^gs ;.fa.sr: cinated. nip as 'in it^i ^aicl-.:j-*lier• -'yra'13',-' spellbound H^.^oiint^jr'.'' ;It*seein'ec!.. to.nie tliat..a'vi,.'old 3peain,;~of inine-'was, realised. .anil; flijji. IJiiid >beei\;'•.permit-, ted to step .Out it aiy o-syij', r noisy Scien-: tury. Jind -to meet anrVs.pe'ak witli ,tho' • geriera.timis^pf^^i'h'e . Our sliriiiei; my told nie. hVd.been'l^fcd^iispot fi v.fe cViitiiiA^ her 'ow nVBavo d : \ y f j i . : . ih e. great' :Boheih iaii' giyingV'for^ da ii;gji iJii- from' I lift Sriiirderous as'saulfr ofiYob^'ifo baiicl'was' ;:it: jjat district. '.. ! - f f - ' : - ' . •• •.'-''.-•': • Thp..gi rl;was 'sitting^ rb^rj'-'mi^tid/ .ttt-Hhe^oot ; of' :: th6'"sUri6e;^T stretched- mvself by the'liedge 'side • inluxnrioiis.ease.^'Tlre 'sun' was bbt, the breeze soothing, I -3h.ukinto estrange asleep, rwhniv. my iniaginaint>ii' ! jb"e'caine' a,bnorraa,lly •-vivid."' vMy; 1 coti'pdni'oii -was relating me-the f>toryth£t had been handed-dow^among the .owners •rot.<i])G..S0ll fl-Qto the t ] c e n t u - impi essjon I seeraea to^^iHtgy/ poited haclcwaids, ac> oss the great plain of time, and gently landed in . the midst'ofa romance of the 'Middle Ages. The scene had scarcely changedj : it':! Egpr lay at the end of a, four mile avenue^of- . m the distance the cln i stood above me on the hill top but •lieiewa'; now only aiougl +iack up to the village3 and the <s\ho)o (onntu seemed like-a vat foresr—it wa-s in fact a pn fc r of the great Heioxmiu fow«t—th a -jfew farniB and scattere i liarrlets and here and thpic a ehuich Bj some magic of p 1 cl and time I i J become a spectator thoucli lust an actor! m the di ama This pov PI of k-novjng all, without the bil,ityrto act, made pne feel t tjmes a f 1 were suffering from a tei jble~njghtmaie I do not think that I m abletoiaj e my head pr to open -my eyes , I seempd o be nnder a spell -snniJai to that which the wirked count m the stro;y held5 and scornful treatment which either coquetry .or ayersionvappeared; to ~ finspire. in her. The only consolation of theyoungGount^ladiBlavTras-thc fact that^ Drahomira-.ibehaved .to iher: other suitorsiin exactly the same 'manjner; i- She-had no :.-msh'. tor-leave'the; home where she '.was idohsed' by her indalgent old'father, . who.- ^ince her mother's death, had lavished all his fafflectionsmpon thein;only. child. ;''lflmarr)ed At-wouldbeallgain for :my -lord- and.: allloss :for nic,'' - she used to say,-with-her brilliant smile ; " I pray you, good kniglit, pay your court to some unhappy, maiden wild, in becoming your wife,, may reach something better than her present state, since she cannot achieve s woise." \- 'Vladislav.,; would watch the self wil 1 edlady .m o vi ng among the brilliant, company, gracious and smiling, yet ever ready to hold at a distance the most persistent:of aspirants. ; This firmness of character made her subsequent conduct appear all the more incomprehensible.to mc, an astounded spectator^ panting to interfere and; -to set crooked .things ; straight. Tlie-first liint of thia change of de-; meanour occurred; aboutthe .time>of 'aveiy strange event;, which created a stir:throughout alliBoliemia. .' One of the daughters of a gcoa-fcseigneur hadj: on the very eve of her wedding, disappeared from her home, and, though search had been made far and wide, no trace of her could, he found. The expectant bridegroom had also vanished. 1 heard the people talking about this incident all around me, and my blood was chilled with a presage of coming evil. " A jealous and disappointed suitor must have carried her off" said one. " An enemy of the bridegroom has taken them both away, and is keeping them prisoners," another suggested^, and so on ran their surmises. -Drahonlira, usually so bold-and fearless, was white to the lips, and she started if anyone spoke suddenly,to her, . , >, " Beloved and gracious lady,'-' said "Vladislav, " fear nothing. No: evil shall befall you whilst I am by your Side. Had Ibut the right to be always'-! your protector, what unspeakable joy would be mrae" At these; words, to everybody's dismay, Drakomira swooned. - ...,...-. , ... When at last she opened her eyes, she turned them instinctively towards the great window, and a look of terror came into them which startled everyone. I followed her gaze, and saw—yes, I am certain.that'.: 1 saw for less than a second Ihe face of a man with dark hair and eyes,/ staring straight into the room. The;., next instant the. face had gone, and only the surging forest, was to be seen, from the deepset window. Row' I longed to-be able.,fe, relate _\yh-it,l' had: witnessed, hut I was ; tpDg'uer'Med,;- moving ; among .these laijghts..aiid dames, like .a ghost,: helpless a-hd.uiiv noticed. Drabomira, was as. full of life as usual during that .evening:;' To me her gaiety seemed wild • and feverish,. :hnt then .1 :knew"; .-what -no, one else knew m that company. Vladislav. : looked • gloomy. The: baron's daughter avoided him, ; and -he. thought that i.she .made herself, needlessly agreeable . to >a jackanapes ill a. crimson doublet, .. who followed, lier; everywhere.: . To r Yladislav s secret: ^oy,.,. the knight liadalready:';;driiVik: deep of the wine-..that- was. provided for all -comers .in the great hall While his rival ,"w'as thus .putting ' ? iii enemy into his mouth,'' -/Vjadisia.y. j.:c'. Jnained. sober .J and watchful/. Tiic tipsy knight came /swaggering.: into the midst of the ladies, snaieh&ci; ODrahomira' round--the waist with t jnoisy.' laugh, aud projiosed a,..moon jight Ainhle: in j the .yfore^t. ' Siiveral strong hands =w.ere laid on:Ins.-ann.-and lie . was led. back to the ? banqueting, ball, where lie continued io Um.st his mistress iivytlie £bwing.bowl,.ti!] . lie, rolled off his seat, still trolling put 'serenades and drinking, songs. :frpni fthe safe-level of the floor ;. . yiadislav'v. •rejoiced 1 :,.to,; sfee. several Jother^^ knights depart ;.disconifi-;.ed.'that ;evenii% •when the hours of revelry at length drew to an end, ana the few guests who lived near :..rode:.aSvay ;;iii icompamesJ.arge. enough to resist:the ban ds •; of maraud ers . th at h au n ted ikib6se'v:out]yiiig.V.parts :pf; the great :.>Hercynian 'forest. '. The rest who .'were sufficiently sober went off to 'their rooms, in • the castle. ; y la.dis.lay ywas. too. pertui-bed , : .tP : sieep.;/>v5e-.'sa. ! t ilo'oking thinking of firahbuvira. Wliat liad caused 'l.ier sudden terror V Would I she everrptiirn his d evoti on ? ' Holy Virgin!' Had his. thoughts .fashioned ;a semblance of;: her :ou.t of • tlie mists and the dim moonlight? He saw her crossing the open space liefore the castle, and with her a mau i-'iii;; a darkcloak-..-;>;G.o.uut • Vladislav: s^v.ore.-:-a- great :;oat\jr : and then ;he .made offi m pursuit. He could seethe two figures, though not-t1ieir,-faees,.:as they;stood together init&ei; ; fopc^i'i'hiu^ti ^conceal::h)TaEelf:-'that:he-.m-igbt^ giSrS^-Llio-im-ii, slj, ^ oRportunity to es persuade; her to.; this - breach " of lie" corum. Oould it be lie of the red doublet? Mad- with rage and jealousy,. Vladislav's feelings were not -soothed; when-.,he "saw, .the; manfthrow lus.ai'ms:roundthe.girland;hreakjnto a thousand protestations. 3Tet VlaHislavidareS-notanproafilvt.Brn; homira would never fore ve him if he played the py' She bioke away from her com pamon,; lovei became contrite kneeljng at hei feet Then his plead mg was recommenced -under which Di i liomna seemed to be giving way though stiugglmg against the mans; influence a if in teiror JShe tned ; several tunes io escape but he tlmce : saccee'ded^in' 1 "recalling hex He p • peaied to have cxtiaeted ome pro : - mi e, andirthen life lelt him at'a un Vladlolb-v^intercepted her a she fled bWk towards the castle i ^ ' ">» Ha% e you been keeping tryst with the Devj], -f-iii ladyf ^ I T> lio ni d glVl n i i-n hack again t a, tiee • ] think 1 from her home The event filled everyone, from :the ibaron to . the .stable- boy,-with:theutmost.conafcervnationi 1 Drahomira avoided all attempts on the part of her lover to speat to her iabout- the .incident: of Atheaprevious inght,; >'6her::appeared to have entirely, forgo ttenitandher.vpildappealfor 'help.- • Vladislavdetermined.towatchher: cloBely, ::and: interfere'.boldly should any more interview8-take;^place-in;the forest. But he watched in vain; a .'Week .passed' (without anything: -.re: markable happening. Tb-e /advent of a young:horseman, .the:son of a BoHsh. nob3e;'andi his 3mmediate;admission - to; the -eastle asa guest;'had-ln-it nothing; notewoithy, for it was the custom for travflllers to receive hospitality.from:ithe i ;Ig.r.eatihouses,.iaS:-they passed through this vrild :and >robber haunted country : ©rabomira had often been called upon r-to v welcome such-: transient guests;/but shall.-never .forget the: look onlier face ; when her father pre sented her.to .tlienewi-comer. •: Her ;eyes :were!full of, terror as she; i'etui-ned'ihis:loWjsalute.. Alas! ^alonei-.-limpotQufcghost.'ilaiewithe'Oause of that; terror.- - -She rccogmsed th e ; face that had gazed at her that .night thi ough the window ' The Polish count made a long stay and his attentions-to Br&homiva; were remarked by all, as wellvas her sub dued and nervous manner whenever he was present; "It. ls-.wsufferahle that she shouli be :;won. ..under our: very noses by a stranger!'! said - the:rivals : This fascinating person left tlio castle for a few days, on a visit to Eger.-, D oring his absence another of i the. mysterious . elopements - oc; curred.: :The:castle-^yas in a.panic : " This is very strange 1" exclaimed the count on his return. . " In my country we would not suffer our daughters.: to be carried off without bringing the offenders to. a knowledge of ;.our sBWord-.edges.. • .We- shall ;bei heanng of- the disappearance of our fair-; - Jiostess -next!., Drahomira turned deathly white. Large com: paniestofi -armed; men.now went forth from the castle m search of the un known: criminals.^ The .Polish count took the.lead,, swearing tliat ho. would not rest until he had achieved success: \- Old Baron,Z.waptolik evidently: thought him a fine fellow. I watched the three persons. in whom my interest was. concentrated with feverish anxiety.- Drahomira: seemed to be in a sort of stupor. Her eyes followed every movement .of, .the;~.count, .while V) adisl av - .sought. m-. vam . to ; ind u ce her .-to .trust ; him with, hor secret, .Wl)cnevei'Jve.adrlrp,ssefl;her,.:theeyes [of '.the Avatelifui iPdle^.would^ her, and she became: confused and silent; At the end . of. several, days the ;stranger, ;with::prpfuse thanks-for. :liis ihospitable ' reception, aimounced yliis 'intention to"^bring his .'yisit .tp-a close, I breathed more , ireely. On the eve of i his. ,departurev . Vladislav,, loolnng out of lns window; .once, more, saw- to, his- horror ,-the\ figure iof Drahomira disappearing.juto .the shadows.of the forest. He.r.ushed: out,- rbufc the anight: was, dark, and his footsteps .upon a.:crackling branch . warned those whom he soughttpj-plunge. ;put, jof- sigli't.^AmPng :the shadows.-, of. .that, forest I alone • witnessed ;the:.'strange ;spene,;..that was taking- place. . Count Kasimir had '.taken^^.the.girl.tp,a; lonely spo^ [was-^:stan"dirig:.ihefpre ' ;her . no^ | hand; and looking fixedly, into ' her . oyes. Her gaze.. was straight and [fascinated. ";I have won.your.love Drahomira,"' i he said,.not as a .quest-ion hut as an ; assertion. -. She bowed her head., i: ..•'. And. . you will -be my. bride. Again the head' was bowed. An ex- :|n.essipnj-like.ihat;.pf -soBie'Vil'^l-.. jie&sj;. canie^:intb;.;tlie/ man's facci " Our wedding niust be. soon-, ' he said, V and •secret..'.:: .Gh:;"thM;-;:days^ bel ov.e.d,: you w ; ill deck ; yourself in your richest and 'loveliest array, as 'becomes a bride ;.of -:So greatva- house and a maid of such surpassing fair, -riess:';--V.;;- . " Gli, why did I "listen, to yon ?" theairl: moaned. The man gave a grin.: ". My beautiful one cannot evade the fond-toils of love. On this ; day . a week hence, at iui hour after sundown, she'will come, t.o her ;adorer, W'lip will await.her at the church of the Holy Saiiit- SebaRl.ian. and- ;th.er.e jtlie. ^ppd^prle'st', 1, .will^ .tlie>- b.lBssing .union;"' " . .. - Dralio mira. iinade. the - sign of the cross, and the'Pole shrank- back with an evil frown. . As on the- previous occasion, she; left, him in great haste . It, was i n, -vain th at Vladislav tried to pieice the mystery Hei lips were .moiniHgj:. CJonnt; :.Easiinir.=-.depai'tedi and Vladislav bieathed again Bat DrahoninaV mood did not change. The weekfhurued -past, and the day afuved, ijjiicb the unknown bride X tno: egin te attire lieiselfin her richest iobesi)j twining diamonds m her hair, ani^pearjs round lier slim throat Hei go^'n^which lier another hid worn at^ her 'vieddine, was "em bioidered with geinSj-and had formed pait. of tlie lady 1 s_'splendid dower Q"e"" h-s 'magmfice'ncc ' TD rahomii" a" threw a large cloak, jtnd stealincr: downstairs/ he -fled from her home, huiryragnp Jsftlie baie steep path wiy toward the church 'on r the 'toll top The light had almo t diedwlien she arnved and the ^br de( could'"see by the gleam through the ndowV that candle weie burning on ilie f altar ^ ' ; '•^.s-? H w i R : neaily^ i-nt\ minutco tno sow H id theJloly "^llginialcen -pity upon hei and made^theghandsjtcTloipei; 9 ' i Drabom ra stoie- nto ihe ^church an.d-i?aw,tto her urj i ise, two*£g\nes ; standi ng "bofoi e,sjth e^altai -t •wO'ie-J&f;! f two minutes after -she had found shelter—a;Eide;dooropened : .fitealthiiyand then the sound' of-footsteps came along the aisle r " Here is the priest who ! will make u s for ever one, ";whiBpered 'the: bridegroom. -Scarcely had he uttered the words -when an awful shriek rang through-the church; for :suddenlytthree or four. .ruffiansiiiTushedji.upon:' the miserable girl, and struck her down on the very steps of the altar, in spite of her wild appeal for help to the' Virgin and all the blessed saints. Another stifled shriek- echoed: :it ; ^omi hehmd?theialtar,v: and the 'Wild workof mui'der went . on - under- the . ^ directions and with the help of- Count Easimir, ysrhose cold- blooded savagery .excelled ;eyen :tliat ioff-his:i accomplices Horrible, wastl-ie.scenethat.followed. The beautiful bride lay dead on ithe floor ;.of . .the . desecrated. church, vand her robber bridegroom. was- gloating over the rich booty. Her jewels were torn from her, and then the band of assassins dragged-away,the :body,:ahd: flung-it: into .a. large ,: hole v^hich.^hdy hadrdug ijn.the -foresttfor. the'reception of .their numerous: victims.,, jlfearly famtmg'w^thi terror, -Drahomira, found; jiessplf je^jalon'e^m'rfd^BdenivditQioli^ tlie candles istilL^bnrning^ ^n the altai^-.awaiiiD-g^eEiro^n^n^fcm^L^^ mony. At "all hazards sne must escape .hefore .the.-.return^of the;®oh-- bers and their terrible chief. This, then, was the secret of : the strange disappearances that had scared all Bohemia. Terror-stricken as she was,. Drahomira's;i heart heat high with revengeful passion ; if will and courage could ;avail,: this wicked hand should not see the light of morning ! Bracing herself for a great efiortr Bhe set off; on- her. homeward journey. She glanced at the -clock, and saw that in five minutes the hoar of her, appointed wedding would have: struck. . In that time, therefore, her : murdererbridegroom .would be there. Draho raira set off-at a run. The path ran down the hillsido, and unluckily it could "be ; seen . from a distance. When about half of the way had beten traversed, feeling a horrible sense of paralysed powers, she ventured to glance back, and a cry of horror escaped her, for there was" her terrible enemy rushing down the hill after her. His accursed influence was asserting itself. She clasped lier crucifix; ; >the 'spell seemed to- relax. :• Then she gathered together all her- remaining • strength aud fled down the hill, stumbling, recovering herself, springing over hollows,. darting -round - corners y yet, in spite of her wild efforts, the manj was gaining upon her H.orrible .and seemingly everlasting 1 were the next five 'minntes- of- agony: Every hreath 'appeared: to-tear'her' to pieces ;. her: heart • was ' ready-.to! burst. .,' Gli, that it might indeed burst before she -fell into tins ruffian's hands ! . Why rwas;there no;precipice that she might have thrown herself over it p Wild farewell thoughts flew through her brain; of her father and of the faithfal: Vladislav, : whose love she had disdained, through the fatal influence of this murderous devil vrhoTpurBued her; - - - " '; t. He. liad-pavaljysed -the 1^etnofcionBitt her; heart;as- well. as-.the'"- decisions-Jof: her -will. :. JErom;what!evil witch;- f had he purchased that hateful philtre 1 .Still-the race. went: on | still .the man slowly gained upon the exhaust ted girl. At the foot of the hill, wliich was about a quarter* of a mile from the castle, r stood a hazel -bushy and there Drahomira . suddenly' sank upon her. knees and^offered a 'passion^ ate prayer to - the Virgin. Hor pur^ suer gave a shout of triumph, and at the same instant, . as .he- - strode down the lull," the Madonna.- mild and pitying, appeared in a vision to her kneeling worshipper. ..: > ^ -;.;-;:;?: 1 " Iloly Mother, hare mercy!" 'I'ho murderer was hiow almost ' at the foot of the hill. . ... ' . If tli e ¥i rgin h ad-a min d - io mercy it behoved her to be swift !• The man, .sure of>lns victim, slackened his pace, and came up at a walk • .• . . lie laid Ins hand on the rapier that he carried-in his belt,- looking: round cautiously. ,-1--.'.s^j::"•i-i."•".-."-._. : '-• V?". " Holy Mother of God, must I die unshi lven ? " "Not so," replied a voice that, sounded to hor ears like, heavenly music. It was the voice of Vladislav I In an instant the terrified girl had darted to his side, and found that not •only hei lover, "but her father and a goodly company of armed men had come to seek Jier. Then suddenly she swayed, and the air grew black aioundlier No, I will not'faint," she said, gioping foi support; "there is foul and hideous murder to be avenged " A few more gasping words from her loused the little troop to fury. Vladiplav'had alleady started ,m pursuit of the fugitive chief, the rest'followed" at a wild gallop. _ r Baron Zwaptolik and Vladislav,! both looking like men distraught, eon- ^Sde^fm +hAihqnojir "ofjdlhng'kei '.luiiiidereiv. "We must trap "the whole -hand,!*' said the baron, " and spear them like -irats" ^ 1 " Or heretics,-" suggested'one oithe cavalcade ' ^The murderer^ whose one-hope oisalvation lay. in the^aid^of-'his .irtiir de , had fled like the w nd np Shelull, thu disclosing 1 " theujieadqnai 1 teis to hi pursuers He Vas just m; time to gne -naming -to the robberi bind, when the haion <"andihis foli lb\eis fell -upon" them^with Shouts, and ferociou cur e Vnd-"-although asms lade a desneiate 1 lesisfr anpe, -and sent'home severaltpfitheir a ita-omsts ^veVely^wo^ndMf feig ^Uole boop^iLov^JielSIa ^ d ot-the old|Da'|on;/^ae^ought<thBJvil 1 J-Jiv J.* c laii^ jnho 'had^lanne^sua^afefoi hbei-nvajs laiiiSand-> woujidgd --^^TOiiiSh verv^mau «ot ^tiiei , l oHeffl 'marriage: with his daughter should -she herselfihe favorable .to his wishes.- " Oh, Vladislav, had I only listened to you sooner; and to the voice of my heart, all this .might never haye hap-. peneS !" Then she unfolded to him all that had paBsedy describing -her first meeting with the pretended, couttt in the forest,- his .flatteries audrespectful- gallantry ;- her admiration'- of. him and desire to penetrate tlie mystery that surrounded him, his request-for ^another fatal.conEent. After' tihat hegan hispowerrover. her which .at>last grew so. strong that she became helpless m his hands, and was forced to obey him, ask what he might, : When she saw liim appear as a; ,gnost at the castle, she felt, terrified, and tried in vain -to throw ofi the spell of his power. "And to think that I was there all the time, and could not save you 1" Vladislav ex-: claimed despairingly. " Oh, my' darling, I feared to offend yon, or I -should have dared ! more when-3- saw those strange meetings. - But I could not bear that you should regard me as jan enemy or a spy " Will yon let me stand -at. your.'side and shield you: f rom: .danger all your life.?-' -iM-y -love-.has :boen----ie;ia-.at i-,your.:jfeGt.-;for, -iQany- -a- Drahomira's beautiful eyes filled with: tears. "If you have not lost patience with me, Vladislav." . ; He clasped her in his arms, scarcely able to speak for joy. Two months ••later Drahomu'a stood; once more,aiv rayed*; in her -weddingrgown before the blood-stained altar- of the church on the hill-top. It was her wish to be married there, in epite of its horrible associations. " I fear at times," she said to Via-: dislaVj " as if the man's power—dead thouglr he be—still, haunted me; if I stand with you before-.that, altar I shall feel that I have defied it, and then I shall at last be -free." ;; - After ;the wedding: the'-bride and. bridegroom descended .-the: lull- and knelt before the little shrine which the baron had caused -to: be erected-,m: the spot where the Virgin had. appeared to his; daughter, and.: at this: shrine for the rest of their long and happy^married ilife VdadislaTtand Dra-: homira-offered many ;a thanksgiving, and many a prayer. . It is said by the peopletha t even to this day wh'oso prays at the shrine of Drahomira is sure of a: blessing from the ever-,pitiful Virgin, "and many are the pilgrims who visit it.— . - ~ 