GC\i;itAL M:WS. Th<»rc is a movement in Victoria to establish a free port, where goods intended for re-export mat* be admitted duty free. * . # * The last tour of Paderewski. the pianist, in, the United States gelded a clear profit to the ivory whacker ot LoOO a concert for eighty-six concerts. Last week a deputation of some hundreds, of wives of unemployed workmen waited on the Premier of New S jntli Wales to'»sk for help. The Premier saved himself the exercise of the b ain power necessary to right- a social wrong, by lifting an extra £2,<100 out of the pocket of the taxpayer *tid giving it to the poor. * * * Meaglicr, the lawyer who defended George. Dean in Sydney,'gtHted befoie the court that, he had rcccivc.l no monetary r*- tvaid for his defence and had spent £1.318 1 ot his civil. He claimed that- his allegation , of-Dean's innocence was due to an error ot judgment, but the court prompt!* struck him Off tlienroll as unfit to iusjociate with lawyers. • » * . * * At the roTonation of tlie Czar of Ri**ia arrangements were made to giv« free food to ! the poor. - Early on the morning of the proposed distribution a report gut abWml that the loaves and.fishes were -on hand, and the multitude rushed the booths. In the *cr«inble that- ensued over a thousand people wore trodden to death and -a large number were injured. - ' • • .' . • • • * ' Mount Barker Covrier jrerordp the fact that at Benmark recently thirty-five people attended' church, and the whole collection amounted to threepence The balance of the community probably stayed at home to think up bad language for use at Cliaffey Bros., and according to later uews report* was spniding its spare cash in tin agitation to get a public house jmilt. ^ The Transvaal authorities have now derided to release all but two of the prisoners trim were convicted of complicity in -Dr. Jameson's attack, although it is Ftaled that the fines will ft ill be enforced. Bv-and-bvo the fines will pnibaMy be remitted, and then one of the audacious reformers will make a demand for compensation, and want to raise the whole British Empire to fight his case for him. .». :• * * Thero is a, mi dement in Adelaide for t!m amalgamatibn of the various privately owned train wav companies, by which move it is estimated* that- instead of 6 per cent dividends the sliareli ilders will receive .10 per ccnt. on their investment. Also, there; will probably be shortly a rise iii fares with the abolition of foin petition, and the m unieicipalitiefr will then need to" step in nnd have resume a p.»wer -they should never allowed to pass out of their hands. Mr. Justice Hodges, in Victoria, has given a new reading to the Health Act for the benefit of those who object, lo vaccinal ion on the ground that:it is a source of dnneer in the trainsf^r of diseases. He claims that the Act of Victori:! can only fine offenders once, and tlkt subsequent refusal to have the operation performed on a child cannot bo construed into a repetition of the offence. IT the reading Is correct, some citizens who have been fined regularly every year, will surely have a pull on tlie State for damages. Lait week a cyclnrrc sweptjover ihe tovrn of St. Lftuis, on tlie Mississippi River, United States, and, besides killing fifteen hundred people, did damage to property estimated at fire million pounds. One or the cabletnan's incidents reads like a story out of Jules Verne. A train was crossing a bridge near the city,and the engineer, seeingthatthe bridge was falling, clapped on all steam, and got rhc train over befoic the structure .rould collapse. One hundred steamboats lying in the river were destroyed, according to tin report. Ren mark, the prohibition town on the bulks of afresh water river, is agitating for a public house and tiie thirsty residents recently sent down.a deputation to Treasurer Holder to set forth their t.eerlcss misery. The Treasurer promised that- as soon as nremises were feenrel & ballot would be taken on the question whether a licence si.ould be issued to the local authorities. As tli* result of the ballot is almost, a forgone conclusion the movement will initiate the Gothenburg System to deal the Liquor Traffic m S^uth-Australia. # * * Woodside police court wa« I-ist week called on to deal with a gho-st, A. B i l l was charged with beina an idle and disorderly person,' and the evidence showed th-it Hudd had covered-liini<«'if with a white ihcet an 1 tried to scare Thoin.i- 1 M'*ddal. a sluVnuker and poet. He ha 1 bobbed serenely »ut of the cemetery upon the poet an 1 s:iid ill a sepulchral vilice " Thorn is Meddal I claim you." Thomas, however, hit him on the head with a stick, and in tin- row which ensued the sheet was pulled off the ghost. Meddal laid an information through thf |»olice, and-the ghost, had to pay £t 5s. . # * ' * _ # The latent gruesome story from America 1 goes this way. Henry Bastian, of near ]'Chicago was a prominent member of the i liii-jil church and a very respectable citizen. He employed a man named Kusuhiuan. and I this workman, after leaving his service, was J found dead in a road. The first verdict was accidental death. Later evidence saised sus- I picionof the murder of Kii-c!iinan,niidof pre- | vious parties six in number. A search of the. premises revealed a quantity of human bcines j Jn H)C - , n H||( , (liti „„||iurities l.ave como ( i thp conc)l, sitin t ., mt . ^tian fattened his liO"s on the bodies of his victims * * ~ The coronation of tiie Czar of all the Russias on May 22 was arranged with a special eye to tlie lively Anarchist and the encrgctlc Nihilist. To prevent a surprise, two hundreii thousand pickcd troops lined the roads and streets of Moscow and everyone who carried anything except a twentyrouble MT, iiti an ,i i.Jii.lav suit was grabbed on on t|i<? . T||<J w, |ole jj^eceding-s.^wcre bai| t ,,„ t)le lj nes „f savage and gorgeiais aulo(. rat .„. • The coach usivl by the Czar's wifu wfts Qf pautllcd with paintings from the hand of -a master, and glittering from safety valve to hottnm-phito with diamonds. The sight- of the carnage alone should have been a comfort to the Czar's serfs tvhom the potentate, (so the cable man savs) generously desires to liberate. Russwn Czars have in fact travelled f »r a century past, on the beautiful things they wore going to tlo for the serf. There arc rccent.lv preparation-of Eucalyptus brought before the public. The One manufacturer refers to specific wcijjlit /^.'^^"^ji^Unp noi.ing) Jl. proof of j 1K ,j ica i" , rop( .rties. the other to something else. — We 1 would caution even-one against low-'prieed articles. The process of freeing the crude product, by distillation of adherent resinous and aeido'us particles implies a heavier amount of money than the. price these articles are offered at. Professor l)r. Mosler, Director of the Medical Chuic at. the University of Griefswa'.d, Germany, was first in pointing out the iujnrious effects attached to the application of such impure product*. Since. Dr. Owen, of Melbourne, luis publicly cautioned against- them and reference mis made by the Queensland press to the case of an actress who nearly succumbed through using these inferior articles. So far our preparation is the only one recognised as safe and reliablchv the medical profession all over the Globe. —SANDER & SONS. 