The Advertiser SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1896. PARLIAMENT. In the small hours of Friday morning the Assembly disposed of the remaining financial business of the session, and made the way clear for introduction of the Appropriation BUI. The ordinary Estimated of Expenditure were earned through with reductions amounting to the email total of £750. As we predicted, the Northern Territory budget was simply scamped, and the Xoan Estimates were also dealt with most perfunctorily by a. worn-out Honse. There can be no defence of this growing practice of rash and scamper. The present Administra tion are economical, butif & careless and extravagant Government were in power the uncritical system fast establishing itself would play absolutely into their bands. The Loan Estimates have always, though quite mistakenly, been treated as a, somewhat formal piece of business. They were intended to give the House control over the expenditure from the loan t">l?T??? during the financial year, and it is the duty of the House to make an effective ose of its privilege. The Loan Estimates ] were not intended to enable Govern ments to anticipate Loan Acts by expending money in excess of tbe| amounts legislatively authorised for par ticular undertakings, and every attempt to make them serve that purpose should be vigorously resisted. The present Ministry have reformed some abuses, bat they have not reformed aIL They did well when they refused to carry on the improper policy started by previous Governments of charging such a work as the St. Kilda embankment to the vote for " Development of the interior," and put the matter right by inserting a. special line in the next Loan Bill intro duced. To some extent, however, the Loan Estimates are still used to cover, by insufficient authority, expenditure in excess of provision made by Act; and this irregularity ought not to oo?tinue. It offers a direct premium to underesti mates of the cost of loan undertakings, by means of which the legislative consent of Parliament may be obtained/ There was no time and not much indi iiation£ye?terday for dose criticism of the Treasurer's supplementary financial state ment. Mr. Holder is characteristically an optimist, and delights to look on the bright side of things. ' The harvest failure ib bad, -bub not so completely disastrous as some have too -gloomily described it. According to the Treasurer he sufficiently discounted the harvest failure in his original estimates of railway and Customs revenue. Up to the present time railway receipts hare exceeded by many thousands of pounds those of the corresponding period last year. Customs, too, are be tween £9,000 and £10,000 to tUe good! The prospect of mineral- traffic on the railways is excellent, and this is relied on as a set-ofF to the -reduced carriage of cereals. The immediate outlook for Cus toms is officially declared to be promising, bat the most sanguine can hardly expect that in the eecd?S~fcair "ef*ij&"financial year the threatening depressicm will not have a seriously adverse.effect on impor tation. Th? Treasure*, bbw?ver, leaves his railway aod easterns nn alterei He wnto off from ttei estimate of temfatfial revenue, and be iieves that redaction *3ll? sufficient. -It is exceedingly datibtfuL On the other side interest and exchange are advanced £5,000, and sacoeseon: duties a similar amount. All this 1s done in a spirit of faith, but there is the strongest possible reason for fearing that the Tear will-not end with the expected credit balance of £5,363, or indeed without a deficit, unless the expenditure is kept considerably below, the authorised amount. The Go vernment promise to exercise a vise economy, and they may nave to practise thrift more thoroughly ? than the Treasurer at present bargains for. The House recognises that the colony has to be financed through an exceedingly bad year, fend trusts tie Government 'to do all that is possible finifa*' tihe circum stances. It is to be regretted that a good programme of public works has not been carried. The Loan Kurimfttm show an expected expenditure less by some £136,000 than the actual outlay of the last fiwanraul year, and besides the works they provide for there is little to fall back upon except the Gawler Plains irrigation scheme. Parliament has wisely decided to giveprivateenterprke, on suitable con ditions, the required guarantee for that promising undertaking. Water ?tmser T nation should have received more atten tion than has been bestowed on it during the session about to dose, but an ill considered' and burriedly^passed pro gramme would have been worse than none fit-all. The graving dock trireme and the .proposed Kopperamanna railway are practically among the slaughtered innocents. Both may have claims for consideration, but it would have been preposterous to expect to pass measures involving heavy expenditure without the most searching discussion. Amongst other legislative proposals the Government hare jettisoned the Public Servioe?ilL It involved several conten tious questions, and can well afford to wait. But there is no excuse for repeating the failure of last session to pass the much-needed Bill for, equitably recon structing the police superannuation fund. Parliament ought to find or make lame for dealing with practical and urgent questions of t&is; kind. The - Phylloxera Pqevealaon BUI appeared too late to have more .than-the ghost of a chance, bftt the Land Boards Bill falls through on*" its merits, or the absence of them. The Colored Labor Bill, had a narrow squeak, ? but ' has ' been eared. The Licensed Victuallers Bill, minus prohi bition, only awaits the assent of the Governor to become law. Yesterday was a day of conferences between- "the two Houses,: and -the Electoral Code iand Pastoral Bills were continually going backward and forwards. . ?Fortunately, both have triumphed over all the dangers of the passage. The Electoral Code has waited for years, and will be a neafnl addition to die -statute book. It embodies some valuable amend ments of the law, but its chief recommen dation is the fact that it puts the whole of die law within the four corners of a single Act. "Possibly* there are somesmall defects which will have to be corrected, but, even if so, the .body L of the Bill is sound and thoroughly acceptable. The disaster of losing the Pastoral Bill has been averted by the exercise of a spirit of give and take on both sides. It is too much to hope that the: measure, as finally passed, will give unqualified satis faction, but it 09 another step, and a long one, in the direction of liberal treatment of a great national industry that has fallen on evil days. Yesterday the resignation of Mr. Duncan as a member of the Legis lative Council was suddenly announced. The hon. gentleman is leaving the colony for a time, and therefore at least ter n retires fiom politics. He is a strong party man,, but has won the respect and admiration of every party by his ability, earnestness, independence, and unfailing courtesy to opponents. All sides of the House he is leaving join in sincere regret at Mr. Duncan's retire ment, and it is pleasant to think that party differences, however keen, do not (prevent a frank recognition of the I estimable qualities of an honest, straight forward, and patriotic legislator. 