THE DOMESTIO SLAVE. To Iho Editor of "The Herald." Sir,— It would be more In accordance with facts aud good taste If your correspondent, "Housewife," bad published a detail of tho guneral slavo's work, as well as of her coat "Housewife" reckons tlio servant's food at four pciico per meal, and slxpenco per night for her bed. but she very cleverly— tor reasons best known to herself I presume— maintains a dis creet silence as to tho number of people the general servant has to cook, wash and Iron for. In ten famalles out of twolvo tho general, as soon as she has washed up after tea, has to begin Ironing and remain at It until after ten o'clock, tor three nights out of thu six. Such has been my experience of largo mansions In tbe eastern and southern suburbs where there are nine, ten. or twelve In totally, exclusive of visitors. Although "Ilouuowlfo" debits tho general with slxpenco per mght tor her bed, your correspondent docs not say what sort ot accommodation 'sho gives, I have been In a large establishment where nothing but a parti tion divided tho Rcnarars bed room from iho closet! During my short tlrno In this situation I havo Aeon several girls comu and go owing to the fact that they could not sleep In tho room ou account of tho abominable Htonch, and when they brought the matter to tho notlco of the housowlfo ot thin suburban inanition I have known them to bo told that "1 havo no othor room lor you. If you don't like It you can go." and they did. "Housowlto" to supplied with her general free, gratis, and tor nothing, the girl pays registry office foes. Your corrcs- pendent says that her general, oh I happy land of generals, "has to bo up at 6.30. clean the breakfast room and cook the breakfast." but gouK no further with thn day's work. Probably something began to gnaw her conscience, tor sho says absolutely nothing about scullery work.tbenoff to tho laundry, hack sgnln to clean up bedrooms, then turn to and cook dinner as soon oa she Una washed up, back again to h«r laundry work. In again to got tea ready mid aftur the tea Is ovor aud tbe tea things aro put away, tho unfortunate slave ho to start Iron- Ing. sho not getting tho ghost of a show' to do It during tho day, or to remain up till mid. night waiting for the family to return from the thoAtre. If "rvanta only knew tho character. Istlcsofsomohoufcewlvesa good many ralatresjns not excepting your correspondent "Housewife," to wasu ineir own llnen—Thanklnc [?] UBIQUE. 