ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY, S.A. Branch.—A meeting of the Council was held on Thursday. Present—Mr. S. Newland, President, in the chair, Messrs. T. H. Bowen, R. K. Thomas, W. P. Auld, A. T. Magarey, and J. W. Jones, and the Hon. Secretary, the Rev. G. T. Newman. It was resolved that the annual meeting of the brunch should be held on May 20, and that Sir Charles Todd be asked to deliver his promised lecture on the same evening. Letters from the Queensland Branch to holding an Inter- colonial Geographical Congress was considered, and it was agreed to approve the suggestion and invite further information. The Hon. Secretary tendered his resignation on account of his early removal to Kapunda. On the motion of the President, seconded by Mr. Thomas, it was resolved "That the resignation of the Rev. C. T. Newman as Hon. Secretary be accepted with great regret, and that the Council place on recurd its high appreciation of his valuable services to the Society.' On the motion of Mr. Jones, se- conded by Mr. Auld, it was resolved 'That Messrs. C. Hope Harris and C. H. Newman, LL.B., be appointed joint Hon. Secretaries of the Society. NURSE GRAHAM.—A document which passed through the Adelaide Hospital Board meeting showed Nurse Graham's salary as charge nurse to be 2s 6d. a day. Before she left her posi- tion as night charge nurse she was receiving 2s. 9d. a day. We understand that Nurse Graham has been made another offer, with more than double her present salary, in one of the hospitals in Western Australia, and that her advisers have recommended her not to accept it. The offer, it is understood, was made with a view to try to settle the Hospital difficulty. THE NOMINATION of Mr. J. G. FOLLARD.— Mr. J. G. Folland, Kangaroo Flat, writes: — "On the Friday night, the 10th, I posted at Smithficld two nomina tion-papers in different envelopes pro p?rly directed to the Returning Officer at Salisbury. These letters had only six miles to go, but it appears they were missent to Kadina, and did not reach the Returning Officer till close on 1 o'clock, and to could not be received. The nomination declared in formal was one pus in by kind friends at Salis- bury, and through some legal technicality it was declared informal.' Now, Sir, I leave it with the public to say if I- have not just cause of complaint at the carelessness shown by those who are responsible for this blunder, as it is not only a matter of expense, but great disappointment to myself and many others. In conclusion I think this affords a good object-lesson to those who think of voting by post. 'AcsT. Sophie's' '.Central Sewisg Chicle. — 'Sunbeams' are reminded that the rirst meeting of this' Circle will be held this aftw noou, from 2 o'clock to 5, in the W.G.T.U. }looras? Pirio-street. All '?Sunbeams' not belonging to a Circle, or thaso whuse Circle docs not meet nt the same time, aro invited to bepreseut. 'Aunt Sophie' will be- glad, too, of help iii setting and .superinti.-nding the' work from ladies who can make it convenient to attend. The Acacias Sunbeam Gir.cLt: and tiik Okechk. — Tiio residents of Norwood aud thn district will have an opportunity this .after noon of showing thoir practical sympathy with the Sunbeams in their praiseworthy attempt to raise ;W00 for the. Creche. The Acacia's Sunbeam bazaar will he opened at 3 o'clock by Lady Smith in the rooms .of the Y.M.C.A. (Caterer's old school), Bcuiah road. LeXvist, Fon K-T,iiA--p. — On Wednesday next Mr. W. Sacnvlev, .i;f Messrs. Donaldson, Andrews, S: Co., will leave for a holiday trip to Kng'laka. A fiisv-'dnys ago the employes in Mr. -Snowley's doparnaeut ua.ide hirn a pre sentation iu tokon of their eccecm and wished him Ion voyage The Buou Thsatrk.— At the Bijou TJuaitvo on Sunday evening the. chief featuro of tho entertainment; will be the recital by Mr. J. Fyvio of I)ii-ken^'.i Christmas. Carol ' Marley's Ghost,'' illustrated by limelight views. Hr.CF.iVED. — From the Rev. J. W. Owen, a punphloi containing the report of a sermon preached by him upon the subject '* Tho Pretc-nt Keligious Education Question.' 