®al*s and f ketches. Half Round the World to Find a Husband. A C0MED7 OF ERRORS. By MAY CROMMELIN, Author of ' Bay Ronald,** ' A Jewel of a Girl,' ' Goblin Gold,' ?? Dead Men's Dollars,' *' Mr. and Mrs. Herries,' &c; (COPTH1GHT.) Chaftes XXXIL (Continued) Bryan at last got op, significantly remarking that he w*a going to make himself ready for dinner. His bedroom was merely partitioned from anoater portion of the hall, the woodwork screen being about nine feet in height, so the others could hear his every impatient sound. Perhaps it was Cot this reason that Tb&oet; asked Ann in so low a voice to write him down her address in England— in case she should be home before himself. One conld never tell — she might forget it later. (He hoped to winter here, as she knew.) There, down came the tain, and how it rained ! The palm trees bowed their heads before the deluge, and its fellow, a gale of vind. A cataract of warm, water dropa streamed in sheets before the windows, and in the gloom the various sitters were hardly recognisable to **»**}* other* Ann only was outlined distinctly against die window, where ?he had gone silently to a writing table. She wore a pale flowered silk, each as our grand mothers loved, a pinkish blossom on «, delicate apricot ground. It made her look like an old picture, so the three men, over their teacups, admiringly remarked. Gallop I Gallop ! He sqauh-sqnssh of a hone's hoofs on the wet gravel sounded below ; ? quick tread and jingling spurs ring on the brick steps— and there clattered the next instant into the room a ynnng officer in dark blue uniform. He looked round as if surprised at the assembled company, then made two strides towards Ann, and put his arm familiarly round her shoulder. ' What are you doing here, darling V he asked authorita tively ; u Come with me into my room, I want Co apeak to you,' 'What do yon mean, sir?' was echoed and re-echoed by two wrathful men's voices behind, ^ttrfi of whom T*»lf upset bis *^itft - rocking «hair, and collided against the tea table with * crash. At the same instant an apparition — a second Ann— opened a farther door made as though to meet the officer, then stood amnKwi, ?taring speechless through the gloom. Bryan also burst out in shirt sleeves, bom his room, bearing Ann's agitated outcry, and the clamomr tfaat followed. ' What do yon mean V The officer's voice rose above those of the others in scornful re tort. 'What does it matter to any one present but this lady what I mean. She is my wife.' Bryan sprang forward. So did the listen ing apparition with a rustle of silk, and a tSufnsed wbiff of iH*ifnilw ; and they came full against each other, he arresting her onward roth. She was tail with dark waving hair, and dressed in a flowered tea-gown, exactly the same as that worn by Ann ; ribbon for ribbon, lace for lace. ** Shame upon you, Weelie ! You are my husband I' passionately breathed the second fair one. ' Yours,' repeated Bryan, seising her hands in sudden righteous * '^ ' gn^rion , Hut1 rose to boiling paint. ' Have yon tricked me then all this time ? Have you been nhumming f The eyes of the first amazed group now turned to tbii fresh couple ; the officer with drew his arm from Ann's shoulder. She broke from his touch. The two women faced each other, just as the rain squall lightened— they looked u if each stared at her living ghost. For a second the men breathed hard ; then came two aimultaneons exclamations. 14 Ann I* ' Anita T And next instant both flowered teagotrns became one, while their owners Lmgtied, and hogged, and kissed and cried oat questions which the others answered. It waa Anita Finn, indeed ; and this was Weelie. Why— gabbled the lively real wife ? Ann knew they were going to the Indies. Oh ! Esst or West Indies, what mattered ? Yes, they had been in Jamaica since Weelie got hie commission lately, in the West India regiment. How funny it all was ! ' So Ann never married Don Edoardo, after all ; what a peely ! And this was the same tea-gown as Ann's ? Of ?course ! I ordered another on from the same dressmaker, dear. Very extravagant, was it Dot ; bat I felt quite sick when I thought of year wearing one while I had none. Yoa are *taying here ; ao are we. What a chat we will bave this evening !' Then Tbanet and Billy Wood took their leave. ' It's a providence !' both remarked to each other. ' Ifs tfae devil V said Patrick Bryan to himself. Somewhat to Ann's regret, he excused him self from staying to dinner. She would not need his company, having so much to say to her old friends ; his in. the town would be equally wanting to see him. So he was off. *' Till to-morrow morning,' pot in Ann per BDBsivelr. 11 Till to-morrow morning,' came in gloomy echo, as Bryan disappeared into the darkness ; ?where the fire-flies transformed that every day high road into an avenue lit by green lamps, vhich should lead to a fairy king's ptvl&ce.; And Ann, what with Anita's gay chatter, and novelties at dinner of turtle fins, cocoa nut cream, and number eleven mangoes, con soled herself fairly welL 