HORSHAM WESLEYAN CHURCH. A series of evangelistic services, to be continued during the present week, was inaugurated in the Wedeyan Church on Suunday by the Iev. J. Watsford, one of the oldest and most highly respected ministers of the deunouination. The ser vices, both morning and evening, were very itrely attended, and the earnest evangel cal addresses delivered were highly appre. siated. In tao morning Mr. Watsford ulake o(n " Full Salvation," basing his re marks on the following passages of scrip ure:-lEzekiel xxxvr chapter, 25th, Gfith and ` thl versers ; Ephesians v chapter, 18th and 19t's versns;I. Theasslonians, vehapter, 3:rd and 24th veraes. h'e cleansing the bc!iever received when Ie came to Christ, was not, the preacher said, only the for giiveness of the sins of his past life. They were, it was true, all forgiven and the re ewmsbrance of then completely biotted out, but in addition the heart of the penitent avas cleansed from all indwelling sin, from all the stain of sin and from all the power ,f sin. David not only prayed to God that le would " Hide Thy face from my sin and lut. out all mlly iniquities," but also "create i: hie a iclean heart, oh God, and renew a righ spirit within me." This full de iverance from sin and from its power and its inlluence was one of the most distinct as it ",as one of the most blessed promises of she gospel of Jesus Christ. In the General Epistle of John they read "If we confess str sinis Ie is faithful and just to forgive us eur rins and cleanse us from all unrighteous. iss," andl through tihe Psophet Ezekiel he ,ad graciously promised " Then will Ihe prainkle clean water upon you and ye shall as cleau." Having been cleaneed from the rtain of sin and delivered from its power ilhe Ibeliever was filled with the Holy Spirit. SvC were told tmat on tile (ay ot I'enltecost, tihe irtliotay of the Church, "they were all diled with the Holy Ghost." This gift of the Holy Ghost could not be suppoled to have heen canlinerd to the Apostles and the first Cinsitians. It was for Christians of all states and of all times. God commanded us to do nothing that was impossible and yet throuighl St. 'Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians Ife distinctly requi:es that we shoull be "lfill with tile Spirit"-the spirit of His ll.v, His holiness aud His power. This liliing with the spirit Oas what the Christian ii:lcch soolt sorely in need of that day. She did not. yet possess it in all its blessed fulness anil until she did thus get it, until sh-. was completely pnssessed by the Spirit of oi.1i, etiiety and unreservedly under its iillitenee, all her efforts to save and bless ina wousld hie of little avail. Let them praIy that the chmlch mlight avail herself of all the Ilessed possibilities of the indwelling of the Spirit of God, hnd that that spirit night .eseeld very sabundantly upon her. As [part of his sal'ation the Ilicever was a:iLtilied wholly-that was consecrated entirely to Christ, made completely his Lord's. .anuctification always involved the coipletenes. of the possession of the santi lier. The Sibbtath was taken out of all the days of the week, tand being sanctified, be edle peculiirly and completely the Lord's l.liy. The temple was choren from all other luiillingga as the plcec for the worship of ,;,dI all lbicin sanctitied became the Lord's hllonml. Si i nm?t it he with the believer. 11:e i chosen out from all othler men to he thi' clc',. of (;;l adll that election must he follnwed y his coi.plete sanctificatiion-hy hii ftul onllsi-cr.;il, l to tile etrvice of ;od. I't the case of the sanc-tifed believer there lnlu hie no middle, no hallfa.y--ie must be olt and out for Christ. The weakness of the church laid just thlere, that so many of its tnlltnllers, so SaIOny Chlristianlls who -laimlul be fully eanctified, were only half ica.irted andl lukawairmi in their love of Christ anl their servicu of (God. This cleansing from sin, this deliverance from its potwer, fulfilment of the Holy Spirit and coImpcle ls!nCtieiaitication were the high priviueges of all men, and to secure these priviilge-s was their duty. Mlen were wont to, say it was impossible, to attain to conal ultec sancitification, Lut God promised this great spiritual gift and I-e also coatmanded u., to clalimand appropriateit. What lie pro inised and canuliltstl ded liilt li e possible. lie exhorted them ,to seek both salvation and comphl.t sanctitication and to altailn tllen: ly completely siurieudering them selves to (od awil completely trusting in His 1on J.eans Christ. lie urgeil that there hill li e no delay it regard to a matter of s ouih llratount inllp'lltance. Lft themn t-lake Cirist at His word and at that moment claim from Hlinr. Ilia Ealvation, which would Ie followed by tite sanctification of His Spirit. "'he itimediate prcsent. was the liteptei title and that was the day of sal In the cniwn, i when the church w.s intled to,, c\x.s 3lr. Watsfoil delivered l 111ra'ne-t addrrss from the wordl, " lehold I t.lA at tile do,.r and kewick," his imnilissioned iptl[al ti tihe IunoinMertd tlrduci.ing a mlarked nilll lw.ii ill. LIt i night, wlhen there was ;iolther ;laIge ouigrega'tioni, Ir. Watoford -l"l; ke o th ilncident, as recoriled in the g'-o'l~ , of the womant tonchiling the liem If our Lon l, g anrlent anl beitng healed by the virtue that wa. Idrawn fromn his sacred lpeIron. Ie irg:l that the touch of faith always drew f.rth the divine Itrwer, and lass*inately pIll ded n ith his hearers t emtulate the woman wlrhoc believing isich wrought so great a core. 