Till DERM 01 liffl CHAPTER XLYin. 'YOU ARE IIIS MUliDERER ! There was a great ringing of bells and the ?hurrying of many feet very early in the morn ing of Cyril Leveson's -wedding-day. It was not yet daybreak, and tho swiftly moving lights, in. the hands of frightened ser vants, and the hushed whispers lent an impres sive weirdness to the scene at Queenswood Hall. I Cyril had just fallen into a deep sleep, after hours of wakefulness, when his door was -sharply rapped, while an anxious voice cried : 'Mr. Cyril! Mr. Cyril!' Leveson opened his eyes in bewilderment. Surely this was part of a very unpleasant dream, wherein, he had been charging Lady Margaret with many terrible things ? No ; the rapping was repeated, and he sprang out of bed. He recognised the voice now ; it was that of Benson, my lord's valet, and there was that in the tones which caused Cyril to dress hastily. . ? , 'What is it?' he demanded, throwing open the door. ' Speak, Benson, and don't stand chattering your teeth !' ' Oh, Mr. Cyril, his lordship — your uncle « Well, what?' '' He is ill sir — worse ! It isn't my fault — it isn't my fault!' 'Out of my way, man! Where is Lord Queenswood ?' ' In the library, sir. Just as I left him at about eleven o'clock last night seated at the table with some papers in his hands,' Benson groaned. ' It isn't my fault, sir. My lord rang the bell for me, sir, just when the clocks were on the stroke of eleven, and told xne ?:that he wouldn't want me for an hour or so, .?as he had some writing to do. I noticed he : spoke very quiet, and when I ventured to say I would wait up, he angrily ordered me away till I was Tinted, and then I fell asleep, and only just wakened up to find him stiff and ? still in his chair.' Benson had given utterance to this while treading quickly upon the heels of Leveson, as he made his way to the library. Tes, my lord' was motionless and stiff, an ? awful look in his face — the look that had ^settled there when he realized the contents of ?the paper which was still in his grasp. ' My God, Benson ! the earl is dead ! Cyril groaned. ' He was dead when I looked into the room at half-past twelve o'clock, and I thought that he was reading. Telegraph for his doctor at once, though it is of little ? use doing that now.' The valet half turned J ?.?saying: ' Tell me that you do not blame me, Sir. .' ?'.No, no ; I am to blame, if any one is.' 'iBenson hurried away, and Cyril turned to ward the silent figure, a cry of agony escaping him. 'My poor uncle .!' ho said. 'I ought not -to have left you alone last night. . It was horrible to die like this, surrounded by those who should care for you, and to die alone!' He bent over him, and saw that the glassy stare of the dead eyes was fixed upon the stub of one of the last cheques that had been drawn . The cheque-book was grasped tightly in his left hand, while his right had dropped nerve less to the table, and there was a sputter of ink on ,the polished oak table where the pen lad fallen. There was nothing pfeculiar in all this. It only showed that my lord had died while in the act of preparing to write something— probably Lady Margaret Gresham's wedding . dower, of which he had so long talked. But there was something unusual in the amount recorded on the stub. My lord had never drawn a cheque of such magnitude in the whole course of his life, or given authority for such to be made.' It was for five thousand pounds, and made payable to self or bearer. Moreover, it was in Lady Margaret's hand writing. [n addition, tho earl had several ? other amounts of lesser value — several other sums which he knew he had not authorized ; 'but it was the ' last one, the cheque for five 'thousand pounds, which had shocked him. It. ?must have been an awful thing to discover that Lady Margaret had been systematically robbing him — Lady Margaret, whom he had loved so well — who was to be . the future Countess of Queenswood. It must have been ? a bitter moment when my lord's soul was wrested- from his body, and the agony still remained on his cold, dead face. Cyril gently unloosed the cheque-book from his fingers, and at the moment he felt that he hated Lady Margaret Gresham, if he had never done so before. He glanced at the writing, then carefully looked the cheque-book away. The world never need know what had killed theearl, and perhaps it was better that he had died — better since there could be no wedding — better since his fondest hopes could never be realised. Paul Winter came swiftly into the room, , ;and in a few words Cyril told him all. ' Poor old man,' the artist said, pityingly. ''And what of Lady Margaret? You must find it in your heart to treat her gently. If ' their is one redeeming point in the ugly cir cumstances that surround her, it is her great love for you, Cyril. I see it in every tone, in ? every glance. I do not believe that she values imu putjiLiun or uouniess or queenswood one 'iota, compared with her affection for you.' \ Cyril made a gesture of repugnance, ?i 'Don't,' he said.' 'I believe that Lady Margaret is directly responsible for my darl . ; ing's disappearance-7-I believe that she is ?capable of any wicked action to gain her own .-ambition .and selfish ends. My. lord's death \--:'?! '? ' ' ' . ! ;will cause many delays, ' and I depend upon you, Paul, to set tho whole machinery of the law in motion — to spare no expense until Miss Carleton is found. And then, if nothing has happened to her — ray God ! what an awful thought ! — and then, I shall hear an unravel ing of this tangled mystery from her own dear lips.' If anything has happened to her! The horrible, suggestion had brought great beads of cold perspiration to his brow. The ser vants were still whispering together in the great entrance hall. It was an awful thing for the earl to die on Mr. Carleton's wedding day ; it seemed an awful omen for the hand of death to intervene. ' Such a marriage would not bo a produc tive 6f any good,' the housekeeper remarked to the butler. ' And I believe that my lady has just been thrown at Mr. Cyril's head. He will never forgot Miss Carleton.' 'I don't think that it's tho likes of us that ought to offer any opinion, Mrs. Warren,' the old butler discreetly replied. ' It has nothing to do with my lord's death, anyway.' ' But my lord's death has a good deal to do with the marriage,' was Mrs. Warren's answer. ' And I don't care how soon wo know what we have to do.' ' Then I will relieve your mind, Warren,' put in the icy, metallic tones of Lady Margaret. ' I do not approve of gossiping, and your place is not here !' She swept past tkem into tho library, her great dark eyes full of a terrible apprehension, and Mrs. Warren muttered: ' She heard what I said, and it struck I home. If she rules here, my timo is short.' Lady Margaret glanced at Cyril's stern face, while Paul Winter whispered in his ear : ' Be merciful ! Ono trouble at a time I' . Then she dropped upon her knees by tho side of the dead earl, and cried piteously, saying : ' Oh Cyril ! Cyril !,why did this happen ? Why should it fall upon us this day of all days ? But I am sure that his spirit will rest in peace, wheti. we are man and wife !' Leveson glanced at her with fierce contempt. ' Do you think for one moment that this farce can be permitted to go on ?' he deman ded. ' Cyril ! Cyril ! . It was his wish, it is his wish now. Why should we. not be married quietly ? Why should anything interfere ? It was to have been no time for rejoicing ; there were to be no festivities, no music, and the bridesmaids can be sent away. We dis appointed him in life ; let us not do so in [ death.' 'Lady Margaret,' Cyril said sternly, 'I am sorry that you compel me to pain you. Do you know that it is monstrous thing you dare to suggest ? Do you know what it is — who it is that has killed the earl ? You do not ? Then let me tell you. He has seen the sums of money that you have been using unknown to him, and the shock deprived him of life ! You are his murderess ! There will never be any wedding between you and me Lady Margaret !' 1 ' Oh,- Cyril, do not be so cruel !' she sobbed. ' What I have done has all been doiie for love of you. Do not look at me in that' way ; it will kill me !' j She was prostrate at liis feet, tho tears of an anxious heart rolling down her ashen cheeks. ' Oh, God ! has my sin found me out ?' Paul Winter assisted her to rise, and she staggered out of the room, for there was sounds outside of the arrival of the local doctor and the clergyman. The earl's body was taken to his private room, and Cyril issued rapid orders to the servants, who moved to their duties on tiptoe for the hush of death was over all. ' Until the funeral is over and the will is read,' he told Paul Winter, a couple of hours later, ' I am practically bound hand and foot. .1 shall have the place full of people soon.' ' I am at your service,' the artist told him, 'and I know what you wish me to do. I will leave no stone unturned to discover Miss Carleton. The best detectives in London shall be put upon the case. I have no doubt much information could be obtained from Mr. Carleton, if we could hear his rational mind. Our first step should be to find this man Ban dell, of whom Jim Brooks spoke — the man who received the cheque of' five thoasand pounds.' 'Yes,' Cyril responded. 'Now go, as soon as you. can, there's a good fellow. Every moment wasted is a moment of anxiety to me. Go, and let me have your reports as soon and as often as you can. When all is over here, I will join you.' ' And deal gently with Lady Margaret,' his friend whispered. CHAPTER XLIX. . DETECTIVE LEYS AT WORK. Paul Winter rather surprised Sir Andrew Winter and Clarice by turning up at Brans combe while they were at dinner. ? 'You have no visitors,' he said, 'so I came right in.' ' No, and we have deferred the ball for a few weeks,' Sir Andrew replied, ' As Clarice has lost all interest in the projected pleasures. She could scarcely go on while this mystery is hanging over Miss- Grey, considering that she had become almost a member of the family. I see by your manner you have some news ?' ' Yes, and of a somewhat startling nature. Now let me have something to eat, and per mit, me to dispense with the formality of dining in evening attire.' He seated himself at the table, and Clarice watched him anxiously. _ ' What I have to tell you, uncle,' he con tinued, in an undertone, ' is not for the ser vants to gossip about, so we -will wait till we are alone.'. The dinner was hurried over, and Sir Audrew, and his daughter, followed by Paul, sought the library, where the lights were al ready ablaze, and a bright fire crackling in the open grate. ' I have been travelling nearly all day,' Paul began, ' or rather wasting time, in icy cold railway carriages. I never remember seejng the snow so deep in England before, and we ran into a drift between London and Queenswood that delayed us three hours.' 'There is nothing that Clarice may not hear ?' Sir Andrew asked, alittle impatiently. ' No indeed, I think that Clarice may help us, for Miss Grey has confided many things to her which may be of use now. In the first place, uncle, Miss Grey is not Miss Grey at all, Carleton, niece of the rector of Queenswood, and the affianced wife of Cyril Leveson ?' Clarice uttered a little cry o'f - alarm. .. 'I understood that Miss Carleton had died r ' Sir Andrew said, frowning. - | ' Leveson believed so, and it is certain that Miss Carleton mourned her lover as dead. You remember that he was shipwrecked, re ported as lost, and then turned up, having escaped death on tho seas, as so many do. She heard nothing of his escape, and for some reason or other, which we cannot yet solve, consented to drop lior identity. There is no doubt that Lady Margaret Gresham has had something to do in the matter, for it was part of her plan to keep Miss Carleton's existence a secret until she had married Leveson. But for a mere accident she would have this day become tho^Countess of Queenswood.' 'Yes,' Sir Andrew observed; 'I under stood that you had gone to, the wedding. What has caused tho delay — or postpone ment?'' 'The sudden death of tho earl. Ho has been afflicted with paralysis for some time, but insisted Upon coming down stairs yester day. We dined together, and then my lord retired to write a cheque for Lady Margaret — a cheque that was to liavo been her wedding dower. This very act was fatal to all her ambitious schemes, for the carl saw that his cheque-book had been lately used by my lady without his authority or consent. While his right hand has been useless, Lady Margaret has paid all accounts subject to his approval, but he saw four or five items which he knew nothing of. The last of these was for a no less sum than five thousand pounds, and his surprise and horror was so great that the shock must have killed him there and then, for he was found by his valet this morning at an early hour, seated at his table, the cheque book tightly grasped iu one hand.' ' And what has this.moncy been used for ?' Sir Andrew asked with unconcealed interest, He was a lawyer and nothing interested him so much as a complication. ' The cheque was made payable to self or bearer, but was handed to a man named Ran dell — Dick Randell, commonly called.' 'A ticket-of-leave man,' Sir Andrew com mented ; ' who is wanted again in connec tion with turf frauds, and several mercantile swindles. I wonder if the cheque has been cashed?' ' It was dated several days since,' 'H'm !' Sir Andrew made a gesture of annoyance. ' At any rate, we must find out. A tele gram must be sent to the bank to-night. The manager will get it the first thing in the morning. Now why was this money given to Randell ? To abduct, and perhaps, murder Miss Grey ? Why, the description the post master gave me of the fellow who was seen loitering in the village exactly tallies with what I know of Randell. The letter Miss Grey wroto to us was penned under coercion, and I was a fotfl to be hoodwinked by it. Now we have to prove absolutely that Miss Grey is Miss Carleton. There may be 'a chance resemblance — a coincidence in cir cumstances ? ' 'No, uncle; all doubts are set at rest. The coffin supposed to hold the body of Miss Carleton. was opened last night, and found to contain a dark woman, as unlike Miss Carle ton as it is possible for another being to be. ' Then we must track Randell, if he is not already out of the country. . Oh ! I am afraid that we shall be too late !' Sir Andrew paced the floor, his mind greatly exorcised, while1 Clarice watched him with a pale face and parted lips. 'Nothing further can be done,' ho contin ued, ' until we know if Randell has obtained the money for the cheque, and I have commu nicated with Scotland Yard.' ' I am ready to do anything you suggest,' Paul said. ' Leveson has already empowered me to act fully in his behalf, and I am not disposed to remain idle.' 'Then wire to the bank — if you know which one the earl used ? '' 'London and Westminster, Temple Bi»r Branch.' ' ieiegrapu to tnem xo stop xne payment of the Earl of Queenswood's cheque, and also wire to Detective Leys, Scotland Yard, to come down here immediately.' Paul went to the post-office forthwith, and' wrote out his message there. The first one was to the bank, and ran in this way: ? ' Do not pay cheque, value five thouaaud pounds, drawn by the Earl of QaeenRwood, and payable to self or bearer. Particulars will be Rent, to-morrow. Say if paid or not, by immediate telegram to Sir Andrew Winter, Branscombe.' ' The second one was to Detective Leys, Scotland Yard, London, and read as follows:, ' Sir Andrew Winter desires your immediate at tention at Bianecombe Grange. Very urgent. Come by first train. j ' These.will go to-night ?' he asked the postmaster. ' Yes, sir; we are opened until nine. It is now barely half-past seven, and if there is any reply, I will deliver it myself. I know what you want the detective for, and shall be glad to give my description of the man who I am sure took Miss Gray away-. Why, I saw him not many minutes before she came in in here on the evening she disappeared, and would know him again anywhere.' Paul returned to the Grange, and busied himself in writing to Cyril Leveson, while Sir Andrew searched up the record of Richard Randjll. ' The man,' he said, at length, ' was sentenced in 1872. to fourteen years at Port land for.coining base metal. He had already undergone two short terms of imprisonmeut for petty larceny. He was discharged from Portland before his sentence had half expired, for exemplary conduct. He assisted in quell ing a revolt, anH saved tho life of a warder. H'm! I suppose the fellow is lazy, or finds it impossible to obtain honest work. At all events, he is one of the gang of swindlers for the whole of whom warrants were issued a week since. I think, Paul, that we may hope for the best ; Richard Randell has never had blood upon his hands : and he is too brave ' a man to hurt a defenceless woman. He has hidden Miss Grey, or rather, Miss Carleton somewhere, while he makes good his escape ; probably ho has left her with his wife, for since his return from Portland he has married a respectable young woman.' At eight-thirty there was a knock at the door, and a footman entered with a telegram on a salver. It was from Detective Leys, and stated that he would bo with Sir Andrew that night. 'Loys is one of the best detectives in the force, tho baronet said. ' Ho is the right hand man of such men as Sir George Lewis, and they reap the benefit of his shrewdness in the eyes of tho_ world. He will be here at eleven o clock, if tbe caraiage is sent to inset him. The train gets in a.t half-past ten.' The carriage was ordered, and . punctually at the, time mentioned by the old lawyer, Detective LeyB stepped into the library and bowed to Sir Andrew. - V I ' I was fortunately at hand when your wire ' readied Scotland Yard, Sir Andrew,' he said, ' aud I obeyed it at once.' V I am obliged to you,' replied the baronet. ' Be seated, Leys, and speak freely hero. This- gentleman is my nephew.' Mr. Leys smiled. ' I have known Mr. Winter for some time,' ho said, bending upon the young man a keen glance. His eyes seemed to look Paul through and through. ' I do not remember having met you before,, sir,' the artist observed. 'I liavo been in your studio in South Kensington recently,' Mr. Leys whispered. 'You are seeking election to represent the borough of Peterham, and the other side wish to know all that is good and bad about you. This is hardly professional on my part, but when I had collected my facts I throw up the caso on discovering that you were the nephew of Sir Andrew Winter, who is one of my stanchest patrons 'v ' Jove !' gasped Paul. ' What do you mean ?' He glared at the smiling and inscrutable face of the detective, and the detective whispered : ' Many debts — M. P.!s are safe from bank ruptcy !' - ' Pshaw !' laughed Paul. ' The enemy won't benefit much from that, for I have paid every shilling I owed within the last week. By Jove ! how the papers would have roasted me!' ' I am glad to hear of it,' the detective said. ' And wish you success. Mr. Leveson's chaque came in at on opportune moment.' ' He sat down opposite Sir Andrew after spreading his long lean fingers over the fire for a. few seconds, and Paul wondered if he. knew how manv weeks' rent had been due to uio luuuiau^ ' Your telegram, Sir Andrew, or rather, I should say the telegram which your nephew, Mr. Paul Winter, sent to me, bears upon tlie case of Richard Randell, I presume ?' ' You are right,' the baronet replied, with a dry smile, ' But how do you know that I did not personally dispatch the telegram ?' ? ' Nothing simpler, Sir Andrew,' Mr. Leys said, airily. 'You would not think of addressing me Otherwise than in the first person, and Mr: Winter's boots prove that he has recently been tramping through the snow Concerning Randell, I am forced to admit that he is playing a cleverer game than I considered him capable of. I have five of his gang safe, but has for himself he has. kept me on a wild-goose chase. I traced him to a cottage at Brightingsea, but he and the family ?had recently left. Previous to that I had positive information that he would sail on board the Arethusa, in the name of John King. I watched the passengers myself, but there was no John King. One -of my men followed me up on the heels of liis wife, and it is very evident that he has deceived her as she knows absolutely nothing. At present she is under arrest, though we have nothing againt her, except the suspicion attached to a large amount of money in gold and notes found in her possession. She declares that this was a gift to her husband from a gentleman named Lismore.' ' No.' interrupted Sir Andrew ; ' that must be the proceeds of a cheque drawn from the account of the Earl of Queenswood at the London and Westminster Bank.' ' There you are wrong,' Detective Leys went on, ' for I have investigated the story, and find that she duly cashed a cheque at the Bank of England drawn and signed by one Denzil Lismore.' ' This grows more complicated with every step,' observed Paul. 'We have — Cyril Leveson and I — we have all along ,suspected Lismore of being concerned in Miss Grey's disappearance — that is, since we have known that she in reality Miss Carleton ? ' 'Carleton!' cried Leys. 'Now I have a clue ! Gentleman, the woman Randell re? quested us to go to Brightingsea and inform a lady of her predicament — a lady who was there waiting her return. I guessed at- once that was the missing Miss Grey. I reached the cottage at noon to-day, with one of my men, but found it deserted, though it had been recently occupied. There were tracks in the snow that must have been made by a horse and cart. ' This we traced to the King George Hotel, in Crayville. We soon had procf tiufc.it belonged to Randell, but that i-j had not been used by RandBH, unless cleverly disguised, for some days, The landlord des cribed the man minutely. He had called the previous day with an authority from Randell to take the horse and cart away, and the land lord had no objection, when he paid liberally for the animal's board. He was careful to inquire nis way to Uraig (Jottage, and then left the King George. But he returned again to-day, looking much the worse for wear, and ieft the horse and trap, saying 'that he had no further use for it. He had been sent by Randell to look at Craig Cottage, with the idea of his purchasing it, but as the place was so isolated, it was no use to him.' ' Describe him,' said Paul Winter. ' A tall, dark man, aristocratic and haughty in his bearing when he choses. ? A handsome face, but not one to inspire confidence as to the angelic qualities of his temper.' ' That is Denzal Lismore !' declared Paul Winter, with the utmost satisfaction ; ' but are you sure that he returned fi;om Brighting sea alone?' ' . 'He did, and booked f.rst-class for Peterham. I left my man to shadow him, and received a wire from him half an hour be fore'yours arrived. He followed Mr. Denzil Lismore home, aud I am of opinion that Richard Randell is under his protection. . You must remember that Miss Grey's letter was postmarked Peterham. That it was posted there, and by Randell is certain. Randell was paid by Lismore for some very important services, and fearing capture, he promptly .mailed tho cheque to his wife, informing her that he was sailing at onco to Australia. She was to cash the cheque and follow him, but did not arrive until after the Arethusa had gone. She still believes that he has got safely away. I say that ho has not. I have dis covered that Lismore has held some power over the late rector of Queenswood^ that he used this power to endeavour to force the rector's niece into marriage with him. But I then lost the scent by the young lady's death, and I could not connect him with Miss Grey. I could see nomptive for him to be concerned in her abduction. But now. that I know she is Miss Carleton, that hec death was a false report, I may bo able to fix my man. I am certain that he went to Craig Cottage expect ing to see her, but she had left. The question is, whore did she go ?' ' Have you so far suspected awyono else ?' I asked Sir Andrew. | ' The characters' on my chess-board are not yet complete,' was the guarded reply. ' Then let mo add at least one more. The Lady Margaret Groshamv She also gave Richard Randell a cheque for the same amount as did Denzil LiSmore. Wo shall know in tho morning whether this cheque has been paid or not. Your man mfiy have eon fedeiatcs, and be in Londontyet.' The baronet briefly outlined tho actions of Lady Margaret, and the motives for such actions. ' It is ono of tho most interesting cases I have ever heard,' confessed Leys, ' and lam of opinion that eithor Denzil Lismore or Lady Margaret Gresham, or' perhaps, both, are shielding Randell. We lose sight of him at Peterham. I'll confess that we did not know of his last visit to Queenswood. He went to Peterham by train from Crayville. Ho has nevor left Peterham. I shall now dovote my self to the antecedents of this Lismore. There is a Molank in his life to be accounted for. Most gentlemen travel, but they are not com pletely obliterated for twelve or fifteen years. | It is just possible that Miss Carleton has been taken elsewhere by other scoundrels in his I pay. Cunning must meet cunning. I will t stay here to-night, Sir Andrew, and see what reply comes from the bank. To-morrow I j must return to London early, and I expect that several important communications will be awaiting mo.' ' Concerning Lady Margaret?' interpolated the artist. ' I can give you all tho informa tion that yon will require, Mr. Leys.' ' Yes ; I have no doubt of that. I believe that, after all, she plays a very minor part in this matter, though she may be very nearly the mainspring.' The detective enjoyed a glass of whisky and water before retiring, and made a few notes in his memorandum-book. ' Perhaps,' lie said finally, ' we shall be able to induce Mrs. Randell to tell us all that she knows. At present she is only tearful, and declares that there is a mistake some where. She admits thatMiss Grey was taken to Craig Cottage, but received' the best of treatment. She is positive that the money paid to her husband by Lismore was for past services, and that Miss Grey has an enemy in some woman.' ' The Lady Margaret,' interjected Paul. ' I see it now, though I did not pay much attention to it at first, but the whole slory shall soon be in our possession.' Shortly after this they retired for the night, impatient of the event for another day. It was ten o'clock next morning before a mes senger; .came with a telegram, and Sir Andrew eagerly tore open the yellow missive. xnese are tne worcis it contained : ' No such cheque . has been presented for pay ment at our TemDte B-ir Brunch.' ' Ha !' said Detective Leys, ' I must com municate with this man at Peterham. I am now certain that Richard Randell is still there ! Every movement of Denzil Lismore must be watched !' \- ? ? CHAPTER L. , A NIGHT IN A STORM OP SNOW AXD WIND. When Amy Carleton heard Denzil Lis more's final words — his piomise to go away and return on the morrow, though only half believing him, she determined to fly at once, rather than rail into his power. ? His sudden change of manner had not wholly deceived her. She had seen his dark shadow in the transom above — she had heard his fall to the flagged floor of the porch, and she knew instinctively that he had discovered to whom he had been speaking. Would he go away ? The instant his footsteps sounded on the hard, frozen earth, she set the lamp- on a table and rushed up stairs to a window which commanded a full view of the drive. She saw his hateful figure disappear at the end. For a moment he had paused as though half-irresolute, then turned to the right, bending nearly double before the fury of the wind and snow. To hurry below and put on her hat and cloak was the work of but a few minutes. Over these she drew a heavy ulster that had belonged to Dick Randell, never faltering in her determination for one instant. ' He' will notgo away;' she thought. ' He would not venture to Crayville on such a night as this, and leave th® warmth and safety of the cottage. No, his mind has conceived some, devilish scheme, and he will be back again soon. Better to face death in the storm than fall into that man's hands. I cannot even believe the story of my uncle's illness. No, I can believe nothing that he says. If Heaven is willing I may find some shelter, and with the advent of another day I can get to Crayville, or some other town, and telegraph to Branscombe that I am safe.' She bade the dogs keep quiet, then stole as light as a shadow in the footsteps of Lismore. Twenty yards beyond the end of the drive she saw him busy with the harness of ahorse. Yes, it was Randell's horse, and this proved that Randell was in this man's pay. Then he took the animal out of the shafts, and- led it down the lane, until man and horse disappeared like spectres in the snow-mist. ' I was right,' thought Amy. He will find his way to the stables, and in a little while return to the cottage. Rather would I be at the mercy of a ravenous wolf.' She returned to the house took a last look around, and then left it forever, the faithful dogs at her heels. At first they were disposed to investigate the premises in search of the intruder who has so ruffled their tempers, and it was only by the greatest difficulty, both entreaty aud command, that Amy induced them, to cease growling. As Lismore had taken the turning to the right, the brave girl turned to the left, to face a. vast common that was wholly unsheltered by trees, thongh at present she had the ad vantage of having the wind at her back. Never before had she hurried so fast, and at, last tlie icy wind seemed to impart to her blood a sensation that tingled like fire. Unward with unfaltering steps, until thero was nothing to be seen but ono eternal spread of whiteness ; and the wind had increased in volume until it threatened to carry her away in its furious glee. As the snow became deeper and d'euper, she found that her progress was impeded, and now and again the dogs would pause and send forth a melaHcholy howl, j For two hours she struggled on, hut became aware that the fire in her blood was fast cool ing. . No longer did it bound joyously through her veins, and she shivered with an awful fear. Her limbs faltered, and at last she sank down whore tho howling wind had drifted the snow into a large mound as it whirled on its course. — ? ^ cannot go any farther,' she. moaned. Oh, how a\v£ul to bo frozen to deatb— — to dio out hero!' She crawled behind tho drift, and was glad to find that it shielded her from the full force of the wind. Then she drew tho heavy ulster tightly around lier, completely onvoloping her tender form, while tho four dogs nestled close for warmth, a look of almost human sympathy in their eyes. At first, Amy was determined not to give way to the drowsiness that assailed her, but after a futilo struggle her eyes closed, as thought the lids wore dragged down by heavy weights, and she bccame oblivious to all, ? things good aud bad. When she awoke tho sun was shining dimly - in a cold, blue sky, while around her was a circular wall of snow. Tho wind had dropped, and the storm was over, and she could hear tho tlie dogs barking at some little distance. It was by a great effort that she scrambled to her feet ; her limbs wero stiff, aud her head whirled, but at sight at her tho fonr dogs dashed forward with exhibitions of mad joy ; then ran away barking loudly at some object before them. For a minute Amy was blinded by the dazzling whiteness around her, then she started forward with a scream of gladness, for a woman was standing some twenty yards distant, eying her witli a half-frightened ex pression on her weather-beaten face. ' Sure, I thought it was a ghost springing up there,' slio said, ' and I should nevor have ventured hero at all but for the whining of them dogs. When I did come they set at me as thought thoy would cat me up. iell em to be quiet, and then I will come to ye.' ( To be continued.) . 