A Oliost on a Bike. SCORCHING ON A PHANTOM WHEEL. A ghost mounted on a bicycle is the latest arrival at Woodsburg, Long Island. It made its appearance several weeks ago, mounted on a phantom wheel, and wearing a winding sheet in lieu of a bicycle suit. It has been seen every night since then scorching over Selds and through woods; with the loose ends of the winding sheet ? flapping in the wind. With a hideous grin it wheels along, spreading terror from one village to another. A pale light shines from its hollow eye sockets, while the ghastly visage bears the stamp of death. . Whether it is a ghost of a new woman who died before her time, or the uneasy spirit of some old-time bicyclist, is yet to be determined. But there's a committee of hardy spirits belonging to the Owl Club, a swell organisation in Woodsburg, ,which proposes going gunning for his or her ghostship. Pour members of the Owl Club first encountered the phantom while on their way to Woodsburg from Valley Stream. They were William M' Don- ald, Wright Hewlett, Lee Moore, and E. L. Car roll. It wks a little before midnight when they left Valley Stream and started afoot for the Owl Club. Midway between Penhurst and Woodsburg they -were surprised to hear the tinkle of a bicycle bell behind them. As they turned to look, a figure mounted on a white wheel swept silently by them like a flash of light. It cavorted about in the rough roadway, cut a figure 8, then sailed gracefully over a fence, and went skimming along over a newly-ploughed field and disappeared in a patch of ?woods. The clubmen stood aghast, and they clutched one another in horror. No one had ventured to speak. When the figure disap peared in the woods they nervously resumed their journey toward the club, and. in a few minutes had partly regained their courage, and began chid ing Gne another for being afraid of a shadow. From friendly chaff they went to heated person alities, which were suddenly interrupted by the faint tinkle of a bell in the road ahead. The dis cussion was brought to an end in an instant. There, in the open road, was the phantom rider,., cutting great capers. The rider seemed to sail around in the air, leaving a wake of blue flame. At length the ghostly rider headed for the terror stricken group. They fled, shrieking with terror. It was voted that something must be done to either run dow-\ and capture the apparition or drive it to other haunts. With this purpose in view the members have brought their guns to' the club house and laid in a big supply of ammunition. They now propose to hunt the ghost with powder and shot. Mr. Carroll says his whiskers have turned grey in spots through fright, while other members say they are no longer able to keep their hair curled, as the mere mention of the ghost is sufficient to take the curl out of the hair of any club member. The general decision is that the ghost must be suppressed, and unless the phantom bicyclist is shot-proof it had better go out of business. 'Little Lord Fauntleroy,' in a French dress, frag been very well received on the Paris stage. 'Le Petit Lord,' as it was called, announced as a joint production of Lemaire, Mrs. Burnett, and Schurcan, was produced at a pretty little theatre in the French capital, known as 'La Bodinere,' after the proprietor, M. Bodinere. It is gratify ing to learn that 'Little Lord Fauntieroy' in French is as innocent of any offence to ears young or old, as is the original. The audience which witnessed the first performance of it in Paris consisted iaostiy of children. 