FARM & STATION Agricultural Brevities. 4COMPILED BY PLOUGHSHARE.) The districts around D~evonport are apparently not violently opposed to the export rate. Signs of spring-The swallows have made their first appearance on the N.W. Coast. and wattle is blooming on the Ea.st Coast. Remerkably severe frosts along the North-West Coast. lately. Farmers around Devonport will watch with interest Mr. Henry Mur ry's efforts to get something definite done in oonnection with the site of the talked of Mersey bridge. An unusually large number of coun try folks were in Launceston on Satur day, and the shops did a brisk busi ness. Recently at Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co.'s Westbury sale buyers attended right from Table Cape to Launceston. Cattle brought out keen competition and good prices. Cows in calf. £2 2s Gd to £4 2s Gd: cows in fair and good condition. £2 Is to ;£13 7s 6d; dry ditto. £2: heifers, 2yrs. 32s to 36s; steers, ditto. 314s to 3ls. The Launceston Branch Board of Agriculture held a meeting on Satur day. Mr. John Christensen read a pa per on "The Bntter Factory System," and Mr. G. M. Barnard one on "Berk shires." At the next meeting of the board Mr. James Lamont will have something to say about the sparrow pest. He will further tell us how to get rid of it "in one act." In the nuly number of the "Agricul tural Gazette" Mr. G. M. Barnard, of Windermere, has an interesting letter on "Rape." The following extracts will prove interesting: "On car'eful working very often de pends the success of the crop, especially in a dry season. for if the soil is not re duced to a fine tilth the seed often fails to germinate until late in the autumn. Frequently a good deal is perished ly ing on the surface. again some is limed too deep, and in any case a v'ery scanty and irregular crop is the result. "In my experience the best time tc sow is from the middle of Ja.nuary tc the end of February. when the blight seems to hav'e very little effect upon it.' A New Zeeala.nd writer quoted in another column advises sowing in Sep tember. for the purpose of fattening lam bh. "The ground." continues Mr. Bar nni'd, "should be well and deeply worked previous to sowing and smoothing harrow run over the sm'face when all the lumps are broken dowi and the surface of the ground is fin< and smooth the seed may be sown ant covered with a brush harrow or rollet in. The former, I think, is the bettei plan. , "Should the foregoing be ca.refull3 carried out, the first shower will star the rap.e and it is wonderful how wel and quickly it grows even should the season be very dry. Sheep fatten very quickly on it, and I have had old ewes fatten in six weeks; they were put in stores on the 15th May and by the end of June came off fat.' "Pigs are very fond of rape, and dc well on it; last year' I grew a small patch adjoining the yards, and a great help it proved during the winter. I am at present trying an experiment by feeding it to milch cows, and noting the effect upon the butter. "Two cows," says Mr. Barnard, "were chosen and stabled apart from the others; the whole of their food while they are in consists of rape; during the day they are allowed access to a me dium grass paddock. The milk is aerated immediately it is taken from the cows and separated every morning, night and morning milk being mixed together. "To develop any taint of r'ape the cream was kept for a week before churning. The result was a very faint flavour in the butter, which disap peared in a day or two. The experi ment has been in progress for over three weeks, and I find that by keeping the crea.m for a few days onl:. there is no flavour whatever to be noticed. "A considerable increase both in the quantity and quality of the milk was noted, the Babcock tester showing from .3 to .4 per cent. mnore butter fat. It has been so successful," Mr. Barnard explains. "that I intend growing it on purpose for the milking cows in winter, and feed it in conjunction with other foods." Mr. Barnard says:-"It would not be advisable to make rape the sole ration, and if a little barley or a few tares 'ere sown along with it, I have no doubt it would be beneficial. . "For soiling purposes, the best kind is the broad leaf Essex winter rape, as it grows more luxuriantly, and makes a better cut than the other varieties. Two, or even three, cuts may be had, as during August it shoots up rapidly from the old stumps, and yields a very good second crop; after this is cut a fair crop again comes up, which is capi tal feed for lambs." It is not necessary to have water for ducks to run in all the time; but they must have plenty of it to drink, and this should be changed often, as they get into it, and it soon gets filled with filth, unless there is a new supply fur nished. To prevent mites in cheese the Danish station whitewashes floors, walls, and ceilings of the curing room until all mites are destroyed, then gives the cheese a 24 hour bath in lime before placing it in the curing room. During the fourteen days in the curing room the cheese is wiped off daily, and is then thoroughly scraped and washed in brine. A curious thing about a young duck is the ease with which it can be drowned by a heavy rain. Until their feathers get started a hard rain will drown them as soon as it will a chicken. When caught out in the rain, they will stand with their heads up and mouths open, and soon give up the ghost. After the feathers start there is no danger from anything of this kind. Dy the last San Francisco mail one of the principal mtlIowriners in the north of Ireland wrmtes to Mr. M. Murphy, the whole, the grain ia looking farly secretary of the Canterbury Agricul lural and Pastoral Association, refer ring' to a sample of European flax grown in New Zealand which had come under his notice. H-le stated that it was of very superior quality, and had been sold for Os per stone of 1411,, whilst the best locally grown fibre was only fetch ing Gs pcr stone. A correspondent of the "Live Stock Jourunl" states that in April last he saw, on a high exposed farm a few min utes' walk from Marshhrook station, Salop. a Shropshire ewe which had just completed her nineteenth year. She was born on the farm in March, 1S77, and has bred hbr present owner 33 lambs. namely, fourteeri twins. two singles,and one case of triplets. A lady has been chosen as manager of the Matnura (New Zealand) dairy factory. There were 11 applicants (says the "Wydndam Farmer"), and the choice of the directors was unanimously in favour of Miss Lizzie Dumbleton. a member of a well-known family of cheese-makers. Miss Dumbleton has the unique distinction, so far as we are aware, of being the first woman in this colony who has been aplointedl to the responsible position of the manager ship of a co-operative cheese factory. The "single judge" system ha.d a thorough trial at the Glasgow show on April 15, a.ndl the verdict of the public, the "North Dritish Agriculturist" notes, was overwhelmingly in its favour. It is statel that rarely has there been so little disappointment expressed with tile awards, and one of the speakers at the luncheon said the single judge sys I m had the merit of fixing upon one man the responsibility of making the awards in any one class, so that the judge was put upon his mettle, and could not lay upon any fellow judge the blame of making an error of judgment in awarding the honours. Mri. French. the Victorian Govern ment Entomologist, desires to draw the attention of the public to an insect now to Victoria. and which has been intro duced in tubers of sweet potatoes, or yams, from either Queensland or Fiji. The insect ini. question is a beetle allied to the genus apion. one of the curcu lionidae or weevils, and which, if it should obtain a. foothold in potato or ot.her produce stores, may cause great damage. as many as 15 perfect beetles and nine larvae having been taken from one tuber of the yam, puichased from a dealer at Malvern, which was part of a consignment imipoited by some mer chant in Melbourne. 