Confirmation at St. Mary's, ? 4 ? On Sunday last, at 3 p.m., the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered to 152 children, in tho presence of a crowded congregation, at St. Mary's by the Cardinal Archbishop. There were also present : Tho Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and the Rev. Fathers Whyte, Crogan, Caroy, Phelan, and 0 'Gorman. The boys and girls to be confirmed were ranged on either sido along the nave, tho girls under the care of the bisters ana cue ooys awenaea by tne Brothers. Tho children presented a very nice appearance, the girls in white, with veils and wreaths, and tho boys neatly attired. All wore the crimson scarfs or ribbons and badges of the Sacred Heart. His Eminonce, before commencing the ceremony, took his seat at tho door of tho sanctuary, fronting the altar, and at the bottom of tho steps, and examined tho children each in turn — a proceeding that occupied a considerable space of time. Afterwards tho children sang the hymn, ' Come, Holy Ghost,' ac companied by one of the Brothers on the organ. Tho Sacrament was then adminis tered, His Eminence, vested in cope and mitre, taking his seat at the top of the stops in front of the sanctuary. He was assisted by tho Very Kov. Dr. O'Haran and tho Rev. Fathers Whyteand Cregan. Mr. D. M'Grath acted as godfather for the boys, and Mrs. T. M. Slattery as godmother for tho girls. When tho sacrament had been administered the Cardinal addressed tho children. His Eminence said they had now received the Holy Spirit in the Sacramont of Con firmation. He had great pleasure in con gratulating them on their having been so well projoared to receive tho sacrament. In the examination he had made of them before ho administered tho sacrament he saw that they were all well instructed in the truths of tho holy faith owing to the lessons they had been given in tho Chris tian Doctrine and the Catechism, and the devotion and attention with which they had received them. He trusted they would, remain mindful of tho lessons they had received and the blessings bestowed on them. Sometimes people wore forgetful of the blessings that Almighty God had be stowed upon them. So also they were thoughtless of the blessings which they enjoyed in tho material life. But if they saw some poor person, for example, who was deprived of sight, they realised the gift of God that those who had their eye sight enjoyed. Thus it was also with regard to tho more perfect blessings of the spiritual life which God bestowed upon tho children of Holy Church. The gift of Divine Grace unfolded to them the teaching of Holy Church and pre pared thorn for eternal life. Every day they should lift their hearts to Almighty God and thank Him for making th-em children of Holy Church, and pray Him to enable them to realise this blessing and to kindle in their hearts the lire of His holy love. If he (His Eminence) were asked what special lesson he would wish to impress upon their hearts, in remembrance of the gift of the Holy Ghost, ho would say a special devotion to the Sacred Heart of our Blessed Lord. Let them keep close to the Sacred Heart. It was the source ef every blessing. By keeping close to the Sacred Heart they would preserve the blessing of innocence. If they could see how beautiful was the soul of a Catholic child, arrayed in sanctifying grace, they would realise the gift that Heaven thus bestowed. To see a soul arrayed in sanctifying grace would be to see an angel from Heaven — a soul equipped with the gifts that would one day introduce it into the joy of Paradise. ' Innocence was the greatest blessing that Heaven bestowed on a child as a child of Holy Church. They would preserve their innocence by keeping close to the Sacred Heart of Our Blessed Lord. They would find consola tion in all difficulties and sorrows in the Sacred Heart. Our Divine Lord had said, ' Come' unto Me all you that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' At the foot of tho Cross the burden of unhappiness and weakness would be laid down, and there would be found union with the Sacred Heart of Our Blessed Lord. There would be found light in darkness, consolation in sorrow, strength in weakness, and the victory of the spirit. To keep close to tho Sacred Heart, there foro, was the first lesson he would impress upon them. They should also be devoted to the Blessed Virgin, and pray to her to obtain for them the love of tho Sacred Heart. The Blessed Virgin would be a mother to them. She loved her Divine Son, and would obtain grace for them also to love Him, The Blessed Virgin was a mother who loved them because her Divine Sou loved them, and desired their salvation. If they remained faithful in praying to her1 their salvation was secure, and special blessings would flow to them from the Sacred Heart of Our Blessed Lord. Ho (the Cardinal) congratulated them sincerely on having the devoted Brothers and Sisters to train their hearts to piety in their schools. He trusted they would avail themsolves of this blessing by at tending school every day. Ho trusted also that they would remember the few words he had addressed to them in memory of their confirmation— that they should in a special way be devoted to the Sacred Heart and to tho Blessed Virgin. They should be frequent, too, in receiving the great God in tho Blessed Sacrament. They should bo earnest in their love of the Sacred Heart, and earnest in their piety towards the Blessed Virgin and in receiving the Blessed Sacrament. Earnestness would secure Heaven for them. By confirmation they had become the soldiers of the Holy Cross. They wore not to be so merely in name, but in earnest. They were to win the victories of tho Holy Cross and to share in the reward. Their happiness was secure if they were earnest in their devotion to tho Sacred Heart and to tho Blessed Virgin, and frequent in their reception of the Blessed Sacrament. His Eminence concluded by a prayer that the Holy Ghost who had to-day imparted His Divine gifts to them would bestow upon thorn earnestness in their love for the Sacred Heart, so that they might receive joy and consolation in their pilgrimage here and be prepared for association with the angels m the glory of tho triumph of the cross of our Blessed Lord. On the conclusion of the ceremonies a hymn to the Blessed Virgin was sung alter nately as solo and chorus by the children, a Brother as before playing the accompani ment. Finally Dr, O'Haran led tho children in reciting seven Our Fathers and seven Hail Marys, which the Cardinal, at the close of his address, had instructed them to offer as a thanksgiving for the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost bestowed on them. Readers of this Journal requiring the services of Goveknkskes, Ttttoks, or Gjsnehal Servants should advertise in our Situations Vacant Column. 24 Words for Sixpence, 3 Insertions 1/ Governesses, Tutors, and General Servants who desire situations should advertise in our Situations Wanted Column. 24 Words for Sixpence, 3 Insertions 1/ 