Chatter XXL — ' Esocos That I Cak Live.' Aa Clare Arden anticipated, dinner was late that evening at River Lawn. It was nearly half-past eight when Mr. and Mrs. Arden and Daisy met in the drawing- room, and die butler had been hovering in the hall for nearly half an hour waiting to announce dinner, ' You are looking ao pale and ao tired Ambrose, Mrs. Arden said, as they seated themselves in the light of the large shaded lamp, supplemented with dusters of wax candles, a light in which she could see the colour and expression of his face better than in tbe softer lamp-light of the drawing-room. 11 1 don't think I am any more tired than usual, *' he answered. ** You know what your fashionable physician said of me. You must ' He said that you were not to devote your self to intellectual work, Ambrose, and you have been doing nothing else since he saw you.' ' Old habits are not so easily pat off as doctors pretend to think. They tell the drunkard he most leave off brandy, and they tell the scholar he must live without books, wirh ittBt tbe same admirable complacency.as if they were asking very little.' ?' I'm afraid we ought to leave Berkshire,' pursued his wife, looking at him anxiously. 'I am sore that yon will be better away from your book*.' ' l sbaii De ready to leave my books wnen my books are finished. X am Dearing tbe end. When that is done I trill go where you like.' 'It is not wherellike, bat where you like,' she raid sadly. 'I am happier here than anywhere else.' ?' Then let us stay here— till the end of our lives. You know what Horace says, Daisy. w ' No, do, I am not selfish enough to keep you here, when I see that you were dispirited and out of health. We will go back to London, we will go to Italy, anywhere.' There was a silence after this, Daiay being more thoughtful than usual, and sot offering any diversion by the girlish prattle with which ehe nasally brightened the meal, whether her heart was light or heavy. No word had yet been spoken about Cyril's absence. The butler had quietly removed the cover laid for him* and tbe chair ia which he was to have sat ; but nobody mentioned his name till nearly the end of the meal, when Clara said rather nervously — ' Cyril is dining out, I suppose ?' ' He has gone to London,' Ambroas Arden answered Quietly. ** He is not comics back to- night.' Clara looked at him wouderiogly as be answered. Had Cyril told his father that his engagement was at an end ? She could hardly believe that her husband would have taken the blow so quietly. It was left for her, she thought, to tell him of his disappointment. Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon as she was free to leave the dining-room, and Mn. Arden entered the drawing-room alone, and sat then* waiting anxiously for her hus band to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered in the dining-room after L:s wife left him, but this evening he was sitting in an abstracted mood at bit end of the table, and did not stir when mother and daughter rose and went away. It was perhaps' the first time that he ever allowed his wife to open that door for herself when he was in the room. Absent-minded and dreamy by temperament | he had yet rarely failed in courtesy to the i woman who was to him this world's one woman. He sat with his head bent over the empty dessert-pUte, and the untouched glass of claret which the butler had filled unbidden. He sat brooding in the lamplight for nesrlyhalfan hoar ; and then, with u deep-drawn sigh, he rose slowly, and went to the drawing-room, where his wife vu sitting by an open window looking out at the moonlit water, very sad of heart. He went on* and seated himself by her ?Me. ^ 'Cyril to Bone from ns for good, Clar», he said, 'f suppose yon know that ' I know that all is over between him and Daisy ; but I thought yon did not know. I feared yon would not be able to take the blow «o quietly, knowing how pleased you were at tneir engagement-' . ? __-%-. 'I was pleased became it'was a lint, that drew roe nearer to yon. It was of car onion I thought, not theirs. Kottaing can. touch me, Clara, while I have yon.' ?- -Did he tell yon why be and Daisy had made np their minds to part.*1 'Yea, he told we his reasons.' ' And hers. Yon will blame my daughter for fickleness, I fear, Ambrose.' ' Blame her, blame Daisy ! Your daughter —and my pupil. Why, she was the bond between ns years ago, when I was but the stranger within your gates. My love for your daughter is second only to niy love for yon.' His wife took op his hand and kissed it, in a rapture of grateful affection. ' How good you are to us, Ambrose,' she said softly. ' Harsh words never fall from your lips. H I could only Bee you happy, my heart would be fall of content.' 'Inn happy, Clara, happy in hiving ..on my heart's desire. What can a man have in thin world more than that— the one desire of hia life, tie boon for which he bat waited and longed through years of patience and silent hope. If there is happiness npoc earth I hare attained it.' 'I believe your metaphysicians teach you that there is no such thing as happiness,' ' Oh, they only preach the gospel of doubt. Tbe whole eciecce of metaphysics consists in the questioning spirit, which analyses every thing, without arriving at any definite con clusion abont anything.' ' Poor Cyril,' sighed Clara, alter a pause of contemplative silence, which seemed in harmony with tbe stillness of the summer night and the beauty* of the moonlit land scape, garden and river, meadow and wood land, and dark church tower. ' Poor Cyril. It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go out into the world as a wan derer ; and yet, of conrse, it would be impossible for our old life to go on, now that he has broken with Daisy.' ' No, the old life would not be possible. It belongs to the past already, bid he tell Daisy where he was going?' ' To Australia, he said. He consulted with with yon as to his destination no doubt.' ' No ; he told me he should go away, bnt be -ua not eater upon his plans. ' Poor fellow. He was verv unhappy, I fear.' 'He did not confide his sorrows to me. He had tnade np his mind ; and it was not for me to try to change his resolution.' His whole manner altered as he spoke ox his son. There was a hardness in his tone that surprised and grieved his wife, who a minute before had done him homage as the most ad mirable of men. Bis manner in speaking of her daughter bad expressed the utmost tender ness. The tune in which he spoke of his own son was cold and stern almost to vindictive ness. Clan feared there had been a quarrel between father and son, and that Ambrose Arden had resented the caocelment of Daisys engagement with an unjust wrath. *' You most not be angry with Cyril,' she said softly. 'I fear that it is Daisy's fickleness that is the beginning and end of oarduappoini ment. She owned as mnch to me, poor child. She gave her promise too lightly, and re pented almost as soon as it was given, although she had not the courage to confess her mis take.' ' Well, we will say it ii Daisy's fault; or that both are fickle. There are no hearts broken, I believe. Cyril goes oat iato the world, a stranger to ns henceforward.' ' Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your son will alway be dear to us both.' ' He will be in Australia, where our love or our indifference cannot touch him ' There «M a bitterness in his tone which warned Clara to pursue thesnLjectno further. She could not doubt after this that there had been a breach between father and son— that these two who had been so fond of each other hitherto had parted ill friends. And it was Daisy's doing, poor little featberheaded Daisy, who should have been a boud of union, but had become the occasion of disunion. Clara Anten felt weighed down by the sense of inexpressible sadness as she sat looking into the moonlit garden, that garden whicU she and her first lover had found a wilderness, and which he had made into a paradise for her sake. It v«.s her girlish admiration of that old garden by the river which had made Robert Hatrell eager to possess the place. He had Iajd it at her feet as if it were a bunch of roses, never counting the cost of anything that pleased her. Had it been ten limes as costly a place he would have bonght it for her. His image was with her to-night more vividly than it had been for a long time. Jt was as if he himself were at hand, in all the warmth and energy of^life, and that she had bnt to Btrelch out her arms and beckon him to her. And, oh, with what a hear'-sirknesE of longing and regret she turned towards that idolised image ! Face to face with the inexplicable gloom of Ambrose Arden's temper she recalled her first husbanti's happy n&tare;, his joyous outlook, and keen delight in Hie. With him her days had seemed one perpetual holiday. If she ever complained it had been be cause that energetic temperament took life and its enjoyments at a faster pice than mited her own reposeful temper. But how briglit, how gay those days had been : how frank and open her companion's faci ; bow expansive his speech and manner. He bad never hidden a care from' her. Were his thoughts light or heavy she shared them, and knew every desire of her heart. But in this man, this cherished friend of many years she had discovered mysteries. He had griefs which he would not share with her. He was angry with bis only son ; they they had parted within a few hours, perhaps for all this life : and he would tell her nothing Of the cause of their parting,' be invited no sympathy. He sat by her side in melancholy silence, and ehe felt the burden of unhsppiness which she was not allowed to share. ' If he would only talk of his trouble, if he would only let me comfort him, I should be twice 'as' good ai s wife,'' ahe thought de spondently. ' Itis notmy ..fault if our lives are growing farther apart.' Attar this night an emotionless monotony marked Clara Arden's days in the house where her early married life had been so full of happi ness, and where her one great sorrow, the sorrow of a lifetime, had come upon her. Tbe idea of going on tbe Continent for the autumn wu not carried oot The scholar's book ab sorbed him wholly in the waning of tbe year, and he preferred the quite Biver Lawn to aU tbe glory of tbe Italian Lakes, or aU the art of Florence. He spent a good many hours of every day in his old eottage-Mudy, while his wife and her daughter lived very mnch as they hsd lived in Mre. Hatrell'a widowhood. ' Your second marriage and my engagement to Cyril seem almost a dream, mother, when you and X are sitiing here alone together,* and Uncle' Ambrose is poring over his books on the other side of the road,' sail Daisy, as she sat at her mother's feet in the morning-room, pretending to read lack's England under ibe Georges, but looking np every now and then to talk. ' I call him quite a perfect bnsband in his way— never interfe ing with our plant, never grumbling at his dinner, always cour teous and kind and ready to do what ire like.' ' Yes, he is aU goodness to us,' answered her mother, 'and one would have nothing left to wish for if he were only happy.' 'Idaresay he ubappy — in bis way, mother —his calm, philosophical way, which used to soothe and tame me in my rebellious fits when I wu a child. He wasalways tbesame, don't you know. Tranquil and ratL-- mysterious —like deep still water: lite Lake Leman whose depth one would never suspect if one did not sec the mountains upside down in tbe water — and get reminded by those delusive - shadows of the real depth below. Rely npon it. Uncle Ambrose has all be cares for in this world, having yoa sad bis books, and you give yourself groundless trouble when you are anxious about him.' Her mother sighed, but did not answer. She had watched her husband's face with a new anxiety ever since Cyril's departure ; and she had seen the lines deepen, and the melancholy drop of the firm lips grew more No one at Biver Lawn knew anything about Cyril's whereabouts, unless it was his father. He had left iAiuford within & few hoars of his interview with Daisy, taking with him only a single portmanteau, as Beatrice rleardon in formed her friend, this young lady, having a habit of meeting every Sy that ever entered or departed from tbe village. ' It's no use telling me you haven t quarrelled,' protested Beatrice, when Daisy denied any ill-felling between Cyril and her self. ' I saw tbe poor dear fellow's white face as he drove by, acknowledging my bow in the most distracted manner, and I never saw such a change in any man. A few hours before he had been the gayest of tu aU on the tennis lawn, and now he looked positively like his own ghost. Yoa must have had a dreadful row Daisy.' ' We bad no tow, as yon call it. We only agreed that it was better for as to part.' ' Poor Cyril ! I had no idea be was so des parately in love with you. He used to take things bo very easily,' remarked Beatrice, with all the freedom of friendship. 'Of ' coarse I always suspected you of not caringa stzaw for him. You were not tbe least like an engaged girL l'ou didn't spoon him a little bit' Daisy shuddered. She was one of tbe few girls who are revolted by «uch forms of speech as prevail in some girlish circles. Miss Reardon affected a fast and slangy manner as a kind of perpetual protest against the dut ness and monotony of her life in a Berkshire village. She wanted everybody to under stand tliat there was nothing rnstic or pastoral abou1 h ir mind or her manners. This was all that Daisy or her mother heard about Cyrils departure. He had gone to his chambers meet likely, where he could prepare at his leisure for that long voyage of wliicli he had talked. The greater part of his pcescs sion, bis books and guns, and sporting tackle of all kinds were in tbe Albany. He had bis own man to pack for him, and accompany him to a new world, if he was so minded. 