IN THE NEAR FUTURE. Dramatis Persons. Kate Van Slecle. Fred Van Slecle, her husband. Scene. A library richly and artistically fur nished, but untidy.1 An open fireplace, in which the fire needs mending. Books, magazines, and child's play things lying around on the floor and chairs. Walking about and puttin'g to- rights some of' the disorder and mutter ing untranslatable things is a Man. Man has all the appearance of being married to the New Woman. He is young, fairly good-looking, and discon tented. He glances impatiently at the clock, which is getting on to the stroke of nine. At last, flinging himself in a Mr Van S. (with a sigh)— Day's work. | done, kid tucked in bed, cook firedr- the second this week— household linen put; away, and now I suppose (with another deep sigh) a fellow may read his paper. ! o. hang it! (with 'a scowl at a big bas ket on the table) there's the ' week's mending, the kid's stockings, my regi mentals and Kate's. (Brightening). Guess I'll bribe the coachman to do it. By Jove! The way servants take ad vantage of the now order of things to fleece a fellow! Unless one wants to adopt the famous lapsus llnguse of Lady Buberley, "Sans peur et sans culotte," as a family motto admirably adopted to reveal the rotten condition of one's clothes and one's menage, it's better to yield up the last eent to these domestic cormorants. (Relapsing into gloom.) What arc we coming to, anyway, when women do the work which we can do so much better, and vice versa ? (Getting/ up and going over to the picture of a charming girl in a silver frame on the mantelpiece). O, Kate, when I married you six years ago I was a fool to think you could resist the Influences about you and not become an Intellectual ma rionette. (Resuming his chair and un folding his evening paper). I'll be dash ed if you're not going the pace of the rest of your sex just because it's the fashion. (Glancing over the paper he begins to read the following): A SHOCKING AFFAIR. Yesterday afternoon a well - dressed and pretty woman was arrested on a street car for winking at a young man on the opposite seat. . The car was full of ladies returning from a Woman's In dignation Meeting, all of whom appear ed much shocked at the outrage. In less than no time, however. Officers Nel lie Hogan, and Bridget O'Rourke had hustled the unfortunate offender off to police headquarters in the Woman's new and Improved Patrol Landau. This morning she appeared before Judge Fairly, who mildly and humorously ex plained to the prisoner, that according to the Revised Statutes the nature of her offence was battery and assault, and, he added, "I am disposed to be le nient with you, my dear, you had better try it on an old fellow like me." "I will, sir," the prisoner responded, sweetly, and promptly winked at the Judge. Mr Van S. (lays the paper down and laughs) — O, Kate, Kate, Kate! Here's a case of total depravity for some of our old tabbies' clubs. Hark! That's Kate, 711 bet. (As the sudden stopping of a carriage Is heard, then the fumbling of a latchkey in the door, and a high- pitched, jovial feminine voice singing popular air now in vogue, " She's the Devil of an Old Girl." A radiant small woman, charmingly gowned, and in a suspicious gale of good spirits, swishes the portiere back and peeps In; disco vers her husband with a lady's long black silk stocking in one hand, and try ing to put a knot in the darning thread), t Mrs Van Steele (pausing in doorway i and smiling vaguely and apologetical- | ly)— Hullo, old boy! Think I was never I coming? I Mr Van S. (with tentative air wives J used to have when tbey could say things ' but wouldn't) — Well, it- hardly matters, since you're here; but aren't you going to stay? Mrs Van S. (looking at clock and fid geting about without moving her things) — O. I can't really. There is a committee meeting on at the club at 9.30, and Mrs Roastem is to call for me in her carriage. But, Fred, dear (laugh ing), you've got your thimble on your thumb! Mr Van S. (Innocently)— Have I ? Then come here and show me where it ought to go. (Mrs Van Slecle goes over good-naturedly, sits on the arm of bis chair; and proceeds to darn her own stocking; Mr Van Slecle, meanwhile, slips his arm around his wife's waist, and keeps it there). Mr Van S. (coaxingly)— Kitty, must you go out to-night?? Mrs Van S. (with a comical air of im portance)— I must, dearie. Mr Van S.— Somebody put a bee in the | old hens bonnet? ? 1 Mrs Van S. (bridling) — Old hens, in deed! We're not like you men, we don't I do everything from spite. (With un- concern). We are going to blackball Mrs Haverfllng. Mr Van S. (incredulously)— That pret- ; ty little. Mrs Haverfllng ? What in I thunder has she done to you women I now? I Mrs Van S.— Really, Fred, you are get- I ting too bad; thunder— where is the rai- I son d'etre for thunder in your remarks? I Mr Van S. (smiling indulgently)— Lit- tie prig! A new pose, eh? Borrowed | from Miss Primly no doubt. Give it back to her to-morrow. I'd almost ra- ther have you fast; smoke, swear, drink and say, "Hullo, old man!" as you did | awhile ago:' | Mrs Van S. (indignantly)— I? I never | did. Tou're dreaming, Fred (smiling). Mr Van S. (giving in, weakly)— Per- | haps. If- so, don't wake me. Stay where you are, Kitty, and let the old tabbies I have their little wrangle without you, for one night Do you know, my dear, I'm in a very bad way, morally and mentally, and I need one whole female missionary all to myself (looking hypo critically woe-begone)! Mrs Van S. (in a superior tone)— Really,, my dear boy, you are very un reasonable to-night Your nerves are overwrought; you stay indoors too much you ought to get the doctor to give you a tonic to-morrow— something to brace you. I am not surprised that you should fall to see that Mrs Haverfllng is a menace to society, sheltered as you are from the knowledge of evil. Why, mar- riage as an institution is threatened, so long as we tolerate her, and we have to : protect the virtue of our husbands and sons. So they said this afternoon at the Club for the Protection and Elevation I of Fallen Men. I Mr Van S. (laughing immoderately, I then sobering up, as he looks at his I wife)—' What is the specific nature of her I crime? I Mrs Van S. (airily) — O, I don't know, i but they say at the club that -she has always -got a string of young fellows in tow, and the unmarried girls never have a ghost of a chahce. And every -one knows that Granville Smith is head over ears in love with her, and she openly encourages him, and they say at the club that he broke his engagement since he met her. Mr Van ' S.— Whose affair is that, I'd like to know, but his and the girl's. Mrs Van S. (smiling)— Tt seems to be a case for the S;P.E.F.M., for at our meeting this afternoon it was decided not to ask him to our houses any more. Mr Van S. — O, ye gods! Granville a fallen man! Well, that's rich! Mrs Van S.— It's perfectly horrid, . Fred, and besides, they made me a com mittee of one, to point out to him the er ror of his ways. , Mr Van S. (laughingly)— And you are goingto do it?: . .! i . ! Mrs Van .£. .(embarrassed)— I have done so — O, I. mean— well, let me tell you how it was. I wanted to get the "nasty affair over, so I went round at 'Once with Miss Primly,; who remained in the carriage while i .went. up. Mr Van S:— And; you, Kate; told him he was a moral leper, a whited sepul chre, and a few other choice things frotn the S.P.E.F.M. vocabulary? Kate, I'm ashamed' of you, i! Mrs Van S.-Can't you let me tell it my own way (Impatiently),? ,1 don't be lieve I'll tell you at all(gettlng up and walking over to the fire). Mr Van S.— There. Kitty, I am all -peh- itencc. Come back and tell me what happened. Mrs Van S. (mollified)— I was rather awkward, you know, and so I talked of 'the' weather, the last german, the play, —anything to break the ice. He had his most provoking 'smile on, anyway— but, I say, Fred (getting up suddenly and standing In front of him), do you like my new gown? Mr Van S. — It's ripping, Kate. Mrs Van S. (alarmed)— Where, Fred? O. I see. That's pretty nearly what Granville said. Mr Van S. — Confound the fellow ! What business is it of his to make re marks about my wife's clothes? Mrs Van S. (soothingly)— Don't be a jealous hubby, now. All he did was to look me over In his critical way and re mark: "What a knowing, frock you've got on, Mrs Van Siecle,' and you see, Fred, after that 'I couldn't say anything about his moral delinquencies, and it ended with my asking him to dine with us to-morrow. Mr Van S. — Kate, what a mess you've got into with the S.P.E.F.M. They'll throw you out. Mrs Van S. — I wish to heavens they would, or get some of their old. har dened members to do their mission work, for, frankly. I don't feel as prick ly as a hedgehog with virtues. Mr Van S. — Then why don't you cut the whole business, Kate? 1 should think one bad man at home was enough for the energies of any average decent married woman. Mr Van S. (slow!y)I sometimes feel like it; but, you see, dear, it's th? new thing nowadays for women to belong to half a dozen clubs, and I can't be out of fashion; now can I? Mr Van S. (yawning)— I suppose not. Where did you dine? Mrs Van S. (with a shifting glance)— Our Club for the Study of Brachiopods met at five, and it was too late to come home after that, and so. well— I — we went to the Girl Bachelors' for dinner. Mr Van S. (severely)— Kitty, look me in the eye. You've been drinking again. I know the report that club has for cock tails. Mrs Van S. (defiantly)— What if I have? Can't a fell — girl -have a cock tail or two before dinner without her husband making a horrid fuss about it? Mr Van S. (puzzled)— How many, did you say? Mrs Van S. (recklessly)— It may have been nine, or perhaps twenty, or I shouldn't wonder if it were a hundred. Really, I don't remember. (An omi nous pause). Now, Fred, don't .look so glum. Tou know they all do it, and I would be thought not a good fel— jolly old girl, if I didn't join them, just in the way of sociability, you know. Mr Van S. (nodding wisely)— I under stand. I used to hear my father say the same thing to my mother. Mrs Van S. (brightening)— You are such a dear old boy, Fred, and never nag a girl. Do you know (with an air of candor) I pity wives who can't come home and tell their husbands every thing they know. (She pats his head and pinches his ear, and pullB his hair, and finally wins a little smile of truce.) But, Fred, dear, what have you done all day? Mr Van S. (indifferently)— O, the usual dull rounds of household cares. (Be gins to poke the fire.) Ethel looked feverish to-night. Mrs Van S. (jumping up excitedly)— "Why didn't you tell me before? My child hase been ill, perhaps dying, while you allow me to sit and gossip for hours. That's like a man! I, at all events, have the heart of mother. (Sailing out of the room magnificently.) Mr Van S. (looking after her and chuckling)— There's nothing the matter with the youngster, but I want Kate to stay at home to-night. (Meditatively.) How pretty she is! (A pause.) Con found their clubs and their drivelling reforms. (Wratbfully.) That a man can't see his wife once in a while! It's enough to drive a fellow to other men's more accessible ones. (Lights a cigar ette and sits moodily before the fire. Mrs Van Slecle comes in quietly with her wraps off, and stands behind her husband's chair.) Hadn't we better send for the doctor, Kate? Mrs Van S. (quietly)— She's not 111, Fred, and you know it, too; but I am not going out to-night. (Penitently.) I've had a change of heart Mr Van S. (drawing his wife on to his knee.)You old dear, and a change of base too. Then we'll celebwite. But what's the matter, you look so sober? Mrs Van S.— Fred, tell me, have I neg- lected Ethel or you? Mr Van S. (gently)— We have both missed you, dear, if that's what you mean, but I haven't complained, have I? Mrs Van S. (smiling)— No, dear, you have been an uncomplaining and do mestic husband, and I never thought I was really needed, Ethel has just given me a hint Mr Van S.— Ethel! How? Mrs Van S.— The little darling open ed her eyes, stretched, yawned, and stared at me, and at last threw her arms around my neck and said she was so glad it was Sunday, as she had her mammy then. Fred, Is it as bad as all that? (Beginning to cry.) Mr Van S. — Never mind, Kitty, you can make it Sunday every day If you want to, you know. Mr Van S. (with determination)— Then I will. I decline to be your hus- band any longer! Mr Van S. (boyishly)— Bully! But what about your clubs. Kitty? Mrs Van S. (heroically)— The S.P.E. F.M. can peg along without me. I've got one F.M. of my own to elevate; and as for the Society for Making Pocket Handkerchiefs for the Zulps,, 3, don't care In the least whether they're got noses to wipe or not. Mr Van S.— I'd hang on to 'something, Kate. Mrs Van S.— Well, it won't be the Zulus' noses, at all eyents, Fred. ;\Yhat do you say to the Club for Deciphering Palimpsests? It's ultra-swagger, and no onp belongs to learn anything. They only meet once a month. Besides, a few do all the work/and the rest of us pretend to listen and look at the others' new gowns. Mr Van S.— That's the club for you, Kitty. Mrs Van S. — I shall send in my re signation to all the others to-morrow, then. If you teach me how to cook, and mend," and spank the baby, and promise to be very patient—— ' Mr Van S.— I shall open a class in I domestic economy, limited to one pupil. Mrs Van S.— And, O, put your ear down till I whisper- it, Fred; I always hated cocktails and stiff collars. Mr Van S.— Don't be rash, Kate. (Get ting up and going to a mysterious cup board under the book-shelves, from which he unearths a chafing dish, bis cuits, cheese, some bottles, etc.) I am going to cook my last meal, and we'll drink a cocktail to the health of the "Emancipated Woman." Mrs Van S.— And Man. (Tableau.) (Curtain.) "Chicago Tribune." 