CHERCHEZ LES FEMMES. QAM30L 'MONGST GHOSTS. A TEMPERANCE TALE, HARDLY UP TO DATE. We give fair warning at the outset that persons of delicate susceptibilities ought to carefully miss this Item. It really won't suit them, and they had far better study the cables, the Stock Exchange report, or tlie always wildly exciting news headed 'Commercial!" IIow unsuitable this is we may ns well demonstrate to anybody who doubts our bare won! by saying at once that tt re lates to the adventures of a "Herald" representative who went out to look for a trio of bar-room Hobos In the tremu lous expectation of finding them as the unsophisticated Trilby might have been found when she posed for the "alto gether." Finding them, moreover, with twenty-three young men associates and admirers In a leading Melbourne hotel. That- Is what lie went to look for. Obviously, therefore, the story of that quest ought to Is; carefully missed. To those who may persist In reading it. however, it is necessary to explain why. our blushing representative set forth on such a mission, why, for a con siderable part of two days the editorial mandate to him was "Cherchez les femmes!" It happened in this way: A very pretty story has lately gone the rounds of religious and temperance circles. It was told flrst some weeks ago at tlie meeting of a religious com mittee. Then It bobbed up serenely, like the Duke In Olivette, at a temper- ance gathering, rather over a fortnight back: it was again ou the tapis and made very much of atagatheringofkln- dred character held during the present Tlie story was marked by much pre cise circumstantiality. 'Tin ever thus! It was said that at "a leading hotel" —that was the one vague feature— in a reputable city street. speclAcnlly named, three barmaids had. after clos ing hour, retired to un inner room where, Nuhul-Hke, attired only in whatever consciousness of virtue tlioy chanced to have handy, they gave an exhibition of terpsichorian skill In the presence of twenty-throe profoundly Interested and deeply agitated young men! It will be perceived that this was something Just a little out of the ordinary. Hut the narrators of the story usually added, quite gratitously, that not only hnd this thing happened once, but that the proceedings of these young un clothed persons were quite a common nnd custotnnry practice nt the hotel iti question, and thnt men were wont to conic In large numbers to witness tlie spectacle. Moreover, tills story was produced, nt each telling, for tlie express and parti cular purpose of showing what a quite exceptionally bad business hotel-keep ing ns managed In this city was. In fact It wns Implied that Melbourne was a sort of southern edition of Fort .Said. To do them Justice, the story hns not found acceptance with the practical and level-headed either of the religious or social organisations. Amongst them were men of the world who. on henrlng the yam, shrugged their shoulders In icy cynicism or declared flatly that they did not believe a word of It. And In one ease at least, this week, something very like a ruction oc curred because when the details were duly marslialled before a number of ladles' and gentlemen who had as sembled to discuss the temperance ques tion. one gentleman was remarkably de- etdrd in denouncing the whole thing as rubbish. Plainly, therefore. If on the one aide there were persons of little faith who re fused to believe; on the other there were some good people of botli sexes who ac cepted the story with, the most' facile and wonderful credulity. These matters being made known to Us, forth went the "Herald" representa tive, his Instructions, as we have said, being. "Cherchez les femmes. Find them— clothed If you can, but In any enso find them!' It was a dllllcult nnd delicate busl- Yet kindly aid was afforded nt this point and thnt, by this worthy man and the other, and the strange story, wlll- o'-tho- wlsp-llke as it proved to be. was traced to its source. Now note the facts of the case: To begin with, far from the story be ing founded on a current event, tlie only discoverable foundation Is a piece of ancient history. This shudder- provoking narrative was apparently first told by a publican to a well-known city man and temperance worker some "two or three years ago" —for thai Is the nearest to dcflnUcncss that could tie got. The original teller, please note also, was, when he spoke referring to a then far antecedent period, therefore whether tlie event— If event there ever was— hap pened a lustrum or a decade or more ago Is by no moans certain. There la no available evidence on the point. AH that can be ascertained Is thnt "two or three years" ngo n publican, whose name Is furnished to us. told the temperance worker that at a bote! in the city the indecorous performance Indi cated above actually took place— once only, however, and on tlie occasion of a great orgle! This seems to he a suitable place to work tn the observation that although It may be true that a rolling stone gathers no monH, It Is highly liable to gather other excrescences. The succes sive developments of the belated narra tive under notice triumphantly prove that. The revival of the story nnd Its adap tation to the day In which we live, ore merely evidence of how easily, with what unconscious Ingenuity, an uncer tain figment of the past mny be tnnde to do duty as a fact of the present. Of how also jH'ople who would regard the Idea of telling a lie with quite Wash- Ingtonlnn scorn, occasionally tend themselves to the dissemination of what ore mere Actions. May we venture here to dogmatise thus: Wild nnd whirling words are never helpful, but often mischievous. How ever much opinions mny differ ns to methods, earnest, honest work In the cause of social reform always commands respect, hut truth Is sacred nnd above nil! These Naiads of wine spring and ale fountain have not been found, nor will they bo. They are mere elusive sha dows of shades thnt have long failed away, and we advise our temperance friends not to worry their heads any more about them. 