General News. Death of Prior Vaughan.—After many rumors of serious ill-health, news has been received of the death of Prior Yaughan. The Bad event occurred at Chorlton- cum-Hardy, Manchester, on September 9, from a complication of diseases, for which the rev. gentleman underwent an operation some time previ ously While at San Francisco his life was despaired of, but he recovered somewhat, and was enabled to pro ceed to England, only to die after a month's residence there. His brother, Colonel Vaughan, remained with him during his last illness, and was with him in his last moments. Our readers will remember that, while in Australia, the Prior entered upon a crusade for subscrip tions in the interests of the Gregorian Mission for the uplifting of the masses. He travelled through the colonies, and was successful in the object of his visit. The Rev. Jerome Vaughan was the fourth son of the family, and wab 55 years old at the time of his death. S.LP. Catholic Church Endowment So ciety's Bill.—On Wednesday last this Bill was taken into consideration by the Legislative Council. The Select Com mittee appointed to enquire into the measure handed in their report, the fol lowing being the chief clauses:—Your Committee have heard and examined the parliamentary agent in support of the allegations in the preamble. A memo randum from the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the province was put in by the parliamentary agent, which has materially assisted the Commit tee in arriving at a decision. The parlia mentary agent did not produce any wit nesses, nor did the Committee deem it necessary, after hearing him, to call any. Your Committee are of opinion that the financial position of the Roman Catholic Church in this province is detrimental to the best interests of that church as a religious body, and demands such reme dial legislation as parliament can grant. Your Committee have ascertained that certain lands are held in trust by the Catholic Church Endowment Society which are no longer required for the pur poses of the said trusts, and which lands there is no power to sell. Your Commit tee are of opinion that the powers to deal with the said lands sought by this Bill will, if exercised, be no prejudice to any person, body, or the original trusts, while on the other hand, the creditors of the society will be benefited and the financial burden of the church considerably re lieved through the consequent saving of interest and of rates on unused lands. There is no opposition to the Bill, and your Committee understand that the Roman Catholic community generally desires it. The preamble of the Bill, as introduced, enumerated all the details of the lands affected. Deeming this un necessary, though technically correct, and following a former precedent, your Committee have struck out the original preamble and caused a more concise one to be substituted therefor. Your Com mittee find that the preamble as now inserted has been proved. Your Com mittee have made certain amendments in the Body of the Bill, with the concur rence of the promoters,, which in their opinion were necessary. They have also caused more complete schedules to be substituted for those originally in the Bill. All the lands affected are described in the schedules. Death of an Old and Respected Colonist.—On Tuesday, October 6, the death occurred of Mrs. Catherine Coffey, a colonist of over 40 years' standing, who was much esteemed by all with whom she came in contact. The deceased was a relict of the late James Coffey, and had a large circle of friends and acquaintances. Her remains were interred in the West Terrace Cemetery, the Rev. Father Murphy officiating at the grave, around which were numerous mourners ; a num- ber of friends also sent some handsome floral tributes. The chief mourners were Messrs. M. and J. Coffey (sons), Mrs. G. Cahill and T. Hendy (daughters), and Mr. G. Cahill (son-in-law). Mr. J. B. Siebert carried out the funeral arrangements. R.I.P. St. Patrick's Literary Society.— The usual weekly meeting was held on Tuesday last, a fair attendance being present. Mr. Brazel occupied the chair, and in a few well-chosen words re ferred to the visit of an old member, Mr. R. P. Denny, and extended a cordial welcome to him. In returning thanks to the Society for the welcome, Mr. Denny brought up several reminiscences of the past, and referred in feeling terms to many happy evenings spent with the Society. Mr. Byrne read the spiritual chapter. The programme for the evening was elocution and music, and the follow ing items were rendered :—Mr. W. J. Denny, song, "The Old Brigade" ; Mr. J. J. Supple, song, "Dorkin's Night" ; Mr. L. McMahon, recitation, " Early rising "; Mr. fl. Byrne, recitation, "Kissing Cup's Race" ; Mr. E. Murphy, recitation, "Fireman'sWedding"; Mr. R. J. Cavanagh, song, "Clementine"; Mr. P. Doody, reading, " Marley's Ghost." Parxellite Convention.—A cable gram notifies that a Parnellite conference was held in Dublin on Monday. Mr. J. E. Redmond presided, and in his inaugural remarks denounced as "degradiug" the alliance which the Dillonites had formed with the Liberals, declaring that the only way by which the Irish people could have their rights secured to them was by their representatives holding aloof from all English parties. St. Laurence's Female Contingent, H. A.C.B.S.—The meeting of this society was held in St; Maiy's Schoolroom on Monday last. The' ; attendance was large, between - 30 and 40 members as well aB the -chaplain, Father Andrews, C.P., being present. The quarterly balance-sheet was presented, and showed the number of members on roll to be 70, and the amount of funds in Savings Bank, £114 2s. 6d. One new member was initiated and three were pro-' posed for membership. A musical and elocutionary programme was then pro ceeded with. Death of Mhs. Elwood. — We very much regret to record the death of the late Mrs. Martha Honors Elwood, wife of Mr. J. J. Elwood, of, the General post office. The deceased lady, who succumbed oh Saturday night after a short illness, was much respected for her solid piety and quiet unassuming disposition. She was almost a daily communicant, and gave great edification by her devout fre quentation of the Bacraments of Holy Church. Father T. F. O'Neill, who was very solicitous for her spiritual welfare, attended Mrs. Elwood in' her last mo ments, and on Sunday morning at Mass referred to the loss which the con gregation had sustained by her death. Notice was also given that the con fraternity of the Holy Family, of which the deceased lady was an active member, would meet that evening instead of the usual date. The prayers of those present were subsequently offered for the repose of her soul. On Monday morning the remains of Mrs. Elwood were removed to the Church of the Holy Cross, Goodwood, where they remained until the funeral, which took place on the same afternoon. After prayers for the dead had been said in the church, the members of the confraternity formed a procession and marched in front of the hearse to the West Terrace Cemetery. The coffin, which was of polished cedar and silver mountings, was carried to the grave by the following pallbearers :—Messrs. M. Burke, J. Kennedy, D. Colliton, and J. O'Neill. Funeral services were read by Father Davis, assisted by Fathers O'Neill and Gandolfi. The principal mourners were Mr. J. J. Elwood (husband), Mrs. Murphy (mother), Mr. W. J. and D. J. Murphy (brothers), and Mr. M. J. Elwood, Broken Hill (brother-in-law); there were also present—Hon. L. O'Loughlin, Messrs. R. J. Cavanash, J. Condon, C. M. Davis, W. H. Jeffery, W. J. and R. P. Denny, J. Gas on, J. C. Healy, J. J. Hughes, E. Conlan, W. Hogan, J. Collins, M. Burke, J. Dowling, H. C. Davis, and the following from the General Post Office—Messrs. J. McKenzie, VT. F. Dench, L. Moloney, F. Osborne, A. Shedlick, H. Gillman, G. Brown, and J. Olifent. The funeral arrangements were in charge of Mr. J. Y. Siebert. R.I. P. St. Raphael's Branch H.A.C.B.S., Carrieton.—A special meeting of the branch was held on Friday evening, October 9. Brother E. P. Gleeson pre sided over a fair attendance, including Rev. R. Doyle and Brother D. Young, D.S., who was invited to be present. The D.S. was welcomed by the President, and replied to a number of questions rela tive to the working of the branch. A large amount of enthusiasm prevailed daring the meeting, and three new mem bers were initiated. At the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the District Secretary, as it was unanimously agreed that the visit would be productive of much good to the branch. The D.S., in response, trusted that in a very short time St. Raphael's Branch would become one of the inost flourishing in the North. Brother Young started for Adelaide on Monday, much pleased with the kindness shown to him in Carrieton, although the outlook was anything but a hopeful one owing to the dry season now prevailing. The Unfortunate Editor.—An American editor voices the general grievances of his tribe. "Editing a paper," says our American friend, "is a nice lousiness. If we publish a joke people say we are rattle-headed. If we don't we are an old fossil. If we publish original' matter they say we don't give 'em enough selections. If we give 'em selec tions they accuse us of stealing frbm our exchanges, and say we are too lazy to write. If we give a man a ' puff,' we are partial. If we compliment the ladies the men are jealous ; if we don't we are pub lishing a caper not fit to make a bustle of. If we remain in our offibe we are too proud to mingle with the ' common herd.' If we are on the street we are not attend ing to our business. If we wear good clothes,we do not pay for them. Now, what shall we do ? Some say we stole this from an exchange—and we did." St. Ignatius' Guild of St. John the Baptist.—The fortnightly meeting of the above society was held in the Kensington Schoolroom on Monday evening. The president (Mr. D. Melville) presided over a fair attendance, including many of the members of the St: Patrick's 'Branch; who contributed Very-freely to the even ing's entertainment. The following were responsible for the evening's programme : —Overture and piano Selection, Miss M. Sugg; " Whisper and I shall hear," Miss. N. Morrissey; " I was dreaming," Miss J. Luddy; "Why must we say good-bye," Miss A. Walsh; "At the ferry," Miss L. Jagoe ; " Comrades," Mr. J. Walsh; "No one like mother to me," Mr. J. McDermott; "Out on the deep" and "A hundred'fathoms deep," Mr. W. Sullivan ; " Molly Mavourneen," Mr. J. McGrath ; duet, " Larboard watch," Messrs. W. Sullivan and J. McDermott; comic songs,■ "Dowry*": "Sailing," and "You'll remember me," Mr. W. Good ger; recitation; *"Thei monkey and the man*" Mr.' M, sJ.l Martin. At the con clusion . the West Terrace, Glee . Glass, under the conductorship of vMr. W, Sullivan, gave an excellent rendition of *' Fair shines the moon to-night." An Unusual Incident.—Our attention has been drawn to a feat in the pedestrian field which occurs but rarely. At the dairymen's picnic held on Thursday week at'theKensingtonOval, Mr. and Mrs. John Kelly and family secured quite a number of prizes. In the first race Mrs. Kelly proved more than equal to the other entries in the ladies' race ; Miss Kelly won the young ladies' race, and three other female members of the same family carried off prizes. The boy's race was also won by young Kelly. The Results of the Furniture Fair. —Father Healy received from the stall holders connected with the Furniture Fair3 recently held in the Thebarton Town Hall, the following amounts. The totals include the respective shares from the sale of art union tickets :—Mrs. J. B. Broderick and Miss M. McNamee, £107 3s.; Mrs. J. F. Murphy and Miss Collins, £83 18s. 2d.; Mrs. J. McClancy and Miss M. Turner, £72 14s.; door takings, after paying hire of hall, £7 18s. 6d.; total net proceeds, £271 13s. 8d. Father Healy thanked the ladies, their assistants, and all who co-operated with them in making the fair a success. The above proceeds will be divided as follows, viz.:—Boys' Day School, Henley Park, £30; Convent and Girls' School, Thebarton, £120 16s. 10d.; Boys' Home, Brooklyn Park, £120 16s. lOd. The amount paid to the Boys' Day School, Henley Park, will entirely free that institution from debt. An Irish-Canadian Minister. — An interesting figure in the recently-formed Ministry of Canada is Mr. Charles Fitz patrick, the Solicitor-General. He is a prominent advocate of Quebec, a well known figure in politics, and one of the foremost representatives of the Irish Catholic population of Canada. He is of Irish parentage, his grandfather, James Fitzpatrick, having been a prominent sup porter of Daniel O'Connell during the Repeal agitation. Grammar not Necessary.—The death of the great painter, Sir John Millais (says "Flaneur " in the Sydney Freeman), recalls the fact that while he was strugg ling to get his feet on the ladder of fame he used to do a few sketches for the CornhiU Magazine. Thackeray was editor at that time, and having a high opinion of young Millais, not only as an artist but as a critic of art, he said to him one day— "I wish you'd write mean article on Art, embodying your opinions." To this flattering request the modest young artist replied—" Oh, I couldn't possibly do that; why, I couldn't even be sure of my grammar ! " " Oh, hang your grammar," exclaimed Thackeray. " Why, I have half-a-dozen fools in the office that can write grammatically, but that's about all they can do." A Distinguished Passionist. — The Rev. Father Fidelis, the distinguished Passionist orator and missionary, and the author of " The Invitation Heeded," is one of the best known of the Passionist Order in America. He has been at the head of missions given for the past twenty five years in nearly all of the principal cities of the United States and in South America, and no other man has done more to disseminate Catholic doctrines and reclaim souls to God than he has. As is well known, he comes of a very eminent New York family, and, we believe, is a nephew of Chancellor Kent, who was regarded as one of the greatest jurists of his time. He was a Protestant Episcopal minister until about thirty years ago, when he became a convert to Catholicity, and, his wife dying, he entered the priest hood and soon after joined the Passionist Order. A man of magnetic presence, splendid scholarship, brilliant oratorical powers, and a zeal that has no limit, it is no wonder that his missionary labors have been productive of such magnificent re sults. St. Francis Xaviers' Branch, H.A..C.B.S.—The quarterly meeting of the above branch was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, on Tuesday night, October 14\. The balance-sheet and: auditors' reports, which were read and adopted, show the .branch to.be in a very fair state, taking into account the exodus of many memberato .the Western; goldfields, and the great drought with which the colony is at present affliqfced. The branch has gained in funds for the quarter, and shows its total worth of funds to be £790 Os. Id., being a gain of £29 19s. Id. The Stanley Election.—Four candi dates have been nominated to fill the vacancy caused by the death of the late Commissioner of Crown Lands, Hon. P. P. Gillen. Mr. W. P. -Cummins, whose candidature is; announced in another column, is a practical farmer, who has. resided, in the district for a quarter of a century,, and; is thoroughly conversant with its requirements. He is a member of the Snowtown District Council, and has, therefore, some acquaintance with public duties, and he has always shown an intelligent appreciation of the political questions ,of the day. His views coincide to -a-greatsextent with those of Mr. Giilen, of; whom he was a very intimate friend, and. whosesupporters are, we understand, assistiqghim. ,Mr. Cummins is asbareholderinT^SoH^crnCros#, and has always taken an active part in every Catholic movement in his district. 