ioonvA's ReBsoEoBmN RECrrL. While in New Zealand, let us turn up the New Zealand YearBook, published by authority. In it there is an excellent descriptive article by Dr. A. Ginders, on five new sulphur-springs in the district of Rotorua, at which place Dr. Ginders is medical superintendent for the sanatorium. Regarding the Waikirihon or Vaux Spring, which now supplies the new sulphur baths, the worthy doctor makes a remarkable statement as follows :-. The latest discovery with regard to the therapeutic power of this water is that it abolishes the orsaving for alcohol. If I had heard this from one or two individuals only I might have dias regarded it, but, hearing it commented on almost daily, I have taken the trouble to look up the cases. Two of these were very aggro mated examples of inebriety, whose acquaintance I first made in the Court-house, where I found myself under the painful necessity of fining each of them the usual us. and costs. Fhey assure me that they are new men since bathing in these sulpbur baths, and have lost all taste and desire for alcohol of every kind. Three other patients of mine, to whom I found it necessary to advise total abstinence, corroborate this testimony, stating that they have felt no craving for stimulants since using the baths. They are very enthusiastic in the matter, aid think that an asylum for inebriates should be established here at once." It this be true,everyehemist's shopcontains for the drink bound slave Rotorna's Restoring Beeipe. Fire and brimstone will henceforth be enemies in stead of partners, the brimstone killing the fire-water. I sincerely hope there is really a cure in the discovery, but I fear that more im portance is being attached to the sulphur than to the water. I am inclined to think that if those patients had been treated in an ordinary hydropathie retreat,where alcohol was excluded, and a strict diet and exercise as well as the water processes enforced, the results would have been the same. Few realise the powerfol health restoring properties of pure water when ued in a common sense way. Only water ! Yes, that's where the stumbling block lies in a water cure. Its simplicity and its cheapness are against its more sieintfie and medical use. SWewill stick to the doctors," says custoin, rd so wage the world. But even the ordinary use of wateris often neglected. Many a pious Christian is inconsistent enough to express holy horror at some trifling fault in his fellow-man, whilst he neglects to keep clean his own body, which is, on a higher authority than mine, the templenl of tle Holy Ghost. We often attend to the cleanliness of our scullery, whilst giving much less attention to the said temple. Hence the need of the warning that cleanliness is next to godliness. 