Comets' Tails, To the Editor. Sirl,--In common I trust wiith, maany others I have been much interestedc by the articles written by Mr. Biggs on the sub lect of shooting stars and comets. These latter he has only introduced incidentally; and, spcaklcing of the tail of a comet, be tells us that his own observations have shown him that the tall of a comet is more like a ghost than anything else. H-e does not makle use of the word ghost, but I calc find no other to express briefly what his opinion e?ddevntly leads hiim to think the rtail of a comet must be. No one, in deed, actually knows what they are. Per halps bogey might bo a bet'ter word thaln ghost, for certainly manny pIEople have been 'f;r~lgh'tened out of their senses by the idea that this soalid earth of ours might be involvecd in the tail of a comet-a comnet whose nucleus or head might, so far as we can ascertain its weight and solid con tents, be put oni all ordinary farm dray or \wagonll; or certainly could he carried on boardl one of the olrdilnary stalners of the Union line, if only it could be convenient.ly slit up for stowage. And the tail of that comelllt is an appendage issuing frollm ii. i1 some way we do not yet understand; oftenll many mnillions of miles ill length, and perl' hales a few mnillions in diameter at its extremity furthest fromn the nucleus. Morc over, t is at this extrlcmity where the tail travels fastes.t through space. The velocity of mnovemlen t at the extreme end of the tail of a large comet makling a very close approach to the sulln, and having a tail several million miles in length causes oven the velocity of a meteor or bolide to dwindle into insignilicance; and yet this vclocitty, we know, is far in exces of thllat of a cannon ball. What then can this tail be? We know, as Mr. Biggs puts it, that it is more filmny, mare etherial than the smokeo of a cigar. We know, mn'oreover, that there is such a thing as thle ether of space. And it has even been conjectured by mnany very well instructed men that the friction of our solid earth against, this ether will, in course of time-countless ages, no doubt, to us creatures of an hour, Iut still thinlable-slow down our motions of roevolution and roltation, so bhatL we shall fal1 a lifeless mass into the sun. All one can say Js that if the other of space has no mnore effect :than It chbriously has on the tail of a comet it will requia'e an inflinite numnber of years, to be repeated all In: finit.e numbler of times, before it can s!ow down the motion of this earth any an]pre clable quantity. But tile 'other of slpace is a somellthing. A foun?l state of matter; ncither solid, liqeid, nor gaseous; indlependent of the laws of gravity and friction. Loolking at all this, I have long enter tained the idea, in fact ever since I saw Dom?uti's magnificent comet, in 1858 I think, that the tail of a oomet is a mere optical illusion. Like Pepper's ghost, in fact, light is ian itself invisible, as moat people know; and we talk rightly enough of the unumi niferous ether. Mfay there not be some thing in the constiltution of the head of a comet which renders a beamn of light itself visibleo after passing throngh the substance of the head? This would account for the tail always being turned away from the sun; as also its having a somewhat bent or curved form. We do not know whnat the veloci;ty of .this altered light may be; but we do know that the velocity of a comet's tail at I:ts extremity bears a very appreciable relation to that of light, especi ally wh?n the comet is close to the sun; and it is just at this time that the taii shines forth in its greatest splendour. This altered light may have the power of making the ethel' itecif luminous; and it Is ihis lu minollus herl, the tracl: of tilhe sunlbeams that have passed through the head of tho comet, that we call the tail. This, ton, would account for such telescopic stars being vcible through tuhe tail of a com~nt, as I have seen myself. I am not aware that this conjectl.ure has ever beon mlnade public becfore; butt should like to know 'what IMr. Diggs and others think of it.-Yours, etc., W. E. BOVILL.. 