? M y ^ lAMoriif ^ . Simple Wfoiderhjffi pf Q ^ CHAPTER •: - • Hello, young 'un 4 ' -The young 'un put on a grieved sort of look and remarked, in a mock ; serious, voice— - • •' Well, you old reprobate, if I ain't ashamed of you ! I thought you were a hard working, honest eld gent, and here I find you svuokin' a old pipe and loafin' like an old sundowner! You're t a nice cup 'o tea ! Ain't you got any shime in yer old clothes?' i The old party grinned and walked .round the hor.se, eyeing the animal very attentively all the time. ' Good bit o' stuff that, young.'un — where did yer raise it ? I'll set to work at once to queer them brands. Good job it's a nice easy brand to cook. Jest -you wait • till • ray iron's hot. I'll make them fingers jest as contrary as if the brute'd never been notiiin' but a clear clearskin !' ' That's right, you wicked old man,' jeered the boy. 'You was born a cattle duffer,- and I do believe if yez .gets into heaven you'll be fakin' brands $nd doin' other works of devilment; but this here hose ain't to be meddled with—not this trip anyway. He wasn't found, he's only a borrowed animal, and the black diamonds and traps are mighty close behind me, and maybe here before daybreak.' ' 'Eh ! what! the cussed black devils after you ?' ' Not after me old 'un, but after the chap wot borrowed this Neddy, and you've got ter plant this horse where they can't find it for a few hours. Is your moke in the yard ? ' 'Yes.' 'Well, I'll hide all the brandiiv irons and other things, while you take that brute and plant him where it'll give the traps most trouble to find him ; but mind and leave a track for them ter foller, and don't plant him where any of the " cross" stock is, or we m'.iy meet with a p.itch o bad luck.' The man knew the danger too weil to loiter too long, and soon had saddled ft hack, and leading a grey colt started off on a small bridle path mode by his own horse's hoofs. A'ter g.'ing about four miles • he tied the grey to a tree. took' a piece of tarred hemp and fixed | it firmly to the root of the brute's tail I as a sort of :TU*)per ; then he i t this ; and untied the horse.' tuning the tired J brute free. In a few moments the fire ! touched the hide, and with a snort of j paid and fe.ir the grey horse bounded down the steep side of the range, raced across the gullv, over the flat, and plunged into the bush on the other side. The old fellow laughed as lie saw the tormented creature disappear. Then he. 1 carefully obliterated his own tracks, noticed that his own weedy animal had never left the b.-;uen track, and rede back to his hut ;r: a sharp canter. A few nights after this episode tin- hawker was at Warnaminta homestead, and mentioned the fine animal he had see:"! at the Gap. Mr Frank Ker.nedv remarked that i:e only knew one horse in - the district that would at all nnsviv that description, raid he certainly did not belong to a prospector. A somewhat warm debate ensued, and the ccnse'ji:ence was that on the following day a man was sent to the Gap to ' mnko enquiries; and when lie returned he to id so strange a story that it was deemed advisable to communicate at once with, the police. Bolster, who had been ranging the country.like . a baffled'hound, was not long hi getting to the home.ste.ad, and when he interviewed the boundary rider he ascertained that this man had gone to the (Jap to look for a yellow bay blood horse in accordance with instructions received from his employer. When he,arrived at the Gap he found only one gold" prospector there: he had questioned him regarding the horse, and the man had told him that some 0 little i^ijpffe' previous a smart-looking fellowpSi -ridden up to his camp on just guelm horse as the one he was in search of; he had made him welcome, aittl iinWown horseman had Seemed oM^tafeS Hejeit m a ale -iKftrs; lifter the „xken his departure. He kii^^S'tKing whatever of the man, hut W^cerSih that he was no drover. He was* very well up in mining matters, and had given the prospector a 1 few useful hints on the methods of testing minerals. When Bolster heard that news he took a couple of blacktrackers and a couple of real good horses and rode as hard as his cattle could earn' him for die southern border. The second night, as he was pushing along looking for a suitable place to camp, he saw the twinkling of a solitary camp fire in a small gully. Hobbling their horses, he and his men started out on foot to reconnoitre. Creeping stealthily through the darkness, inch by inch, like great black snakes, they geared the unconscions man. It was Graham. He had evidently made up his mind to travel by night,'for he had Tarqum saddled and "ready close to the camp fire ; the'hobbles hung jingling on the saddle and the bridle rein was flung looselv over the limb of a small titree. 'lie had finished his evening meal, ahd was smoking by the firelight waiting for the rising of tne moon to proceed on his perilous journey, for at this juncture he was in a part of the country where almost every prospector knew him well. The troopers and the blacks crept to the edge of the timber, getting within ten feet of the outlaw, when Holster called out— ' Graham, if you move you're a dead man ! Up with your hands ! Quick ! No fooling!' Mechanically Graham threw up both hands high above his head and rose to his feet." Bolster advanced, covering him with his Colt, until he stood within a couple of paces of his prisoner. 'Make no mistake, Graham—I'll shoot you dead if you try to cut it or resist! You made me the laughingstock of the whole field once—you shan't again !' Graham replied, ' All right, noisier ! What am I to do ?' ' Stand still, until my boys gel: the irons on you. I don't want to be too rough, but 1 mean to take YOU, dead or alive.' | 4 Well, 1 haven't got a chanc i. have ? Mv name's up, 1 reekor.' That's sensible, boys put bracelets on hin: Tho blacks stepped forward to obey with alacrity, and one o'" them, a taller man than Graham, slopped right in Boister's line of Sire. Quick as an adder the outlaw saw his chance, and leaping past .the tracker he was on top of the astounded trooper before he guessed what had happened. Dashing his list square into Holster's face he knocked him backwards, and the revolver fell from his grasp. In-the confusion so close were the two white men that the dusky troopers dared not fire for fear of shooting their own mm. The next second the toe of Graham's heavy riding boot fell behind liolster's ear and laid him out senseless, then with the desperate energy characteristic of the r.i.tn he grappled with the tWO 01'' ks, and a desperate scrimmage but the grit of the Angiob:.\on •aee pulled the white mm and "though badly hurt he icto.-. For some little time he stor d over Hotter and debated whether or t;ct he should send an ounce of lead into him as he lay, but he was too game a ma' 1 to shoot an insensible foe; so flinging himself into the saddle he once more turned his horse's head for the borders of Queensland, knowing fuJi wen.that his idea of escaping by way of Port Adelaide was now in hopeless abeyance. 'Chapter XIV. !T If U.ST HAVE BEEN JACK. When Asthorath Smith saw the pictures of the two American ladies his conscience smote him, for he knew that the woman tor whose sake he had been false to his ;trust, was; nofcworthy to wash the hem of their garments, and .... hi'm to feel that he had acted, in a me&%ia^conteihpfiMe^fit^on^nd "had- been false to his vow,, f f '-f 'You know the face, don't you, Asth.?' asked the Picture. ' A T o,' he replied, ' I do not.' _ The Picture smiled sarcastically as she locked up the portraits, for she knew that the American had lied to her. Asthorath soon left the Picture to herself that night, for his heart was full of bitterness, and he resolved that he would shake off this woman's unholy thraldom and return to his native country. He drank very deeply for the next few days, and the whole camp knew that there was trouble of some sort brewing, for no one had known Asthorath to seek comfort from the whisky bottle as he now did. One day he called in a little fellow by the name of Scotty Linton, an auctioneer, and gave him instructions to sell up all his goods, mining scrip, horses, land and effects. Scotty Linton was a highly privileged person on the tinfields. He had first made his appearance in that part of the world lumping along a heavy pedlar's pack full of all sorts of odds and ends. He had tramped all the way from the City of Churches, pretty little Adelaide, with that pack and his blanket as we'll, and the terrible bush journey over rough and rugged tracks had not daunted the game little fellow. After that he came out as a knock-about hand in a saleyard, and then he did a bit of prospecting. He fell in with a fellow who was a fairly well educated man, and the two became chums, and Scotty began to educate himself. He next blossomed forth into a vendor of scrip, and at last came out as a full fledged auctioneer and sharebroker. He was a smart, honest, square-dealing little fellow, and was very well liked on the field, and his opinion was often freely asked and as freely given. He disliked the Picture immensely, and did not scruple to tell Asthorath that he thought he had gone very close to selling him- self to the devil when he allied himself to the beautiful betrayer of so many good men ' See here, Mister, I know you're a heap of a swell, and its . no business of mine to meddle with'you and your love affairs, but I tell you that thing'll jest ruin you body and soul if you stick to her. I'd sooner be a bruised bunion on the off hind leg of a gardener s mule than I'd be a lover of her's. Why she'd make a man go back on his pals, or she'd make a fellow sell his own mother. I remember how she tempted poor iittle jimmy Fuller, the mail driver, and when she got tired of him she drove him silly, and he took to the whisky bottle, jest as you are beginning to do; and little ] im, as good and game a lad as ever held six horses together on a down grade, went from bad to worse, and now he's planted away down on the banks o' Stephen's. Creek, in a lonely spot where no man's foot ever treads, and she ain't a bit the worse for it. Damn her! if I had a dog that ever looked cross ways at her shadow, I'd skin him first and hang him up with his own hide afterwards ! You take my advice, boss—make tracks out of these diggings and put your pegs in some other end of the earth before you stiike a patch of bad luck ! AVhy the Chinamen round the camp say she's it devil, and one of 'em told me that she came one day to his place where he was raisin' green stuff. The hour before she looked over his fence the cabbages and other garden stuff was sproutin' up fine and lookin' real nice; but Quor.g Tart swears oil his oath that, next day every blessed thing was . withered and scorched and dead, and you couldn't get the heathen to go within cooee o' the Picture if you was to chase him with a gun.' L t Asthorath smiled as he moved away, but he, too, felt that Once 7 awayt from the evil influence it would take a man with a gun to make him ..go,-, jn ] her 4 vicinity again. That , night as he sat musing alone over the position ii( he -was placed he told himself that was both a fool and . a coward^ for in . his heart he knew that the man he vhad |||||8SlliiSS on . . _ „„ had gone awa3 r iiever r to return, had gone around- amongst the m fillsfe^ huijti^ "fcjji:^ _ about the man they called the Unv;« '• -j L.J--^-^^AitfSrtSKsSasU--** givfen brother, and it had been ins recognised; so that now, as meditating,-* he could not do an; but mutter to himself—' It must been Jack—it mukliatfe beeni brother Jack. 1 It soon reached that her lover inteiiSM||^p||t camp and shake off her chajufs, ant determined that she, at least, grew, iic^tof him, , All the art that she-.-pS^^^'Z^*^^ into the task of once more enchanting her recalcitrant lover. - She dropped her flirting and put on* her most pensive air; she dressed in the flimsiest and most ethereal of costumes, pai<i him many delicate attentions,* until; once more he found himself in her meshes, stronger ahd r aster than before, and the sweet-faced girl away in Cali-» fornia was forgotten. At times she loosened the floodgates of her -passion upon him, and the fever of their unholy passions ran mad riots in his veins. At last he felt and knew that for good or evil he was in the woman's powei* Now and again, like the ghost of a crime, the face of Hirrell Eastway and her mother would rise before him and seem to upbraid him with his baseness, and then even the blandishments of the Picture could not keep him at her side. He could climb into the saddle and ride out far into the desolate wilds, using whip and spur most unmercifully, dashing over rocky, precipitous ranges, tearing through belts of timber at breakneck speed; and when he returned with his horse leg-weary and broken down, he would throw himself into the wildest and roughest company, and drink for a week at^a stretch, and it was then that all the toughest characters round the field learnt that he was a good man to steer clear of, fcr a rough word would be followed by a rougher blow. He gambled, too, with the mad recklessness of a man who cared little whether he won or lost, so long as he escaped from his thoughts. When the fit passed away he was as clay in the potter's hands with the Picture, and the man he had left his native land to seek was, for the time, forgotten; and so he drifted on, while away in distant America every night a white-robed woman knelt at her bedside and sobbed out a heartfelt prayer for him, for she felt that he was in the hands of those who would work his ultimate undoing. CHAPTER XV. THE MANTLE OF CHARITY. jack Eastway and his mother and sister kept in the path of life they had mapped out for themselves. Days passed away, the terrible winter months came on, and the poorer quarters of the city were flooded with misery ; famine brought on pestilence, and a scene of horror became universal: then, to add to the miseries of the times, the labor unions called out the men for the purpose of a general strike. The poor fellows were true to their principles, and they threw up their work and went out to fight the old struggle over again—the struggle which has been going on so long between .capital and labor—-thp^^ri! war which has ended so disastrously* for the work folks- so often, not that they are ajllpys ilvthe 1,vron S 5 no > but because t®fy : are the weaker vessels? and, > therefore, ;have to go to s the iwalk in the lo|j| run., Many a dayjjack* Eastway went into the slums and took food and clothifig and comfort tb the ppor f^lojivs Avho t^at ,an honest and all! aroUnd,' h&M; tke rugged fellows looked at Jiimunvith: 