NOVEL. O A Bachelor's Bridal By Mrs. H, Lowtt Cameron. CHAPTER IV.—iCONTimm.) Bryant had never spoken quite so seriously .. about it before, and when ha parted with the 1 Chalk tigsrs next morning at Charing Gross, i Marion went off on her journey with the id mosi rmrronmed sereniiy o:£ mmd oa ms ac- \--1- i --'S counr. IT© dreadful strange -wife "wiioru ohf j \ could "regard only m an interloper, WOUld, V- " 1 Bho felt sgeared, some between heraclf and \ her friend during- her absence. The' earnest '-I words he had said on the subject last night ? had completely lolled her anxieties te rest. \- j Her only regret was at leaving him foe so leiig, bereft of her society, and of her good . | dinners .that he would miss so dreadfully, she thought, -with a sigh. v...:.".,":"i.sS 'You -ought to have ccme with us, old ' 3 man l' said Tom, as he wrung Bryant' a hand in farewell before jumping into th© railway 'i carriage, ' How on earth urn I to manage ij the rrinoesa without your assistance, I 1 Bhould like to know? Ton really are an ass not to have chocked up your work and come > too.' , , ; It was net very long More Valentine J Wished that he had done so from the very bottom of his heart. After the (challengers' departure, he settled down to his usual life, — hftTti WOrk from morning to night?, with pleasant din nere either at the club or at his friends' houses, to wind up the labours of the day, then generally a quiofc smoke before he tunned in at a moderately early hour for the night. He had a great deal of business" on band, and the small matter of Miss Fairf850 TDftr- rfagc settlement was econ disposed of. His head clerk took the deed down to Hillside for signature in due course, and he supposed that by and by an invitation to bo present at the wedding— WMah he sh.Ou.ld certainly decline — WOttld as a matter of politeness he sent to . him hy Me. Elrty. Heedless to say, Jrs. Stourton's fanciful story about James TTirby's condition had n© value in his eyes, From the zuoznont? he di vined her authority he ceased to attach the eroallest importance to it; for his young cousin had frequently caused him a great deal of trouble, and he had no belief in him at alL Arthur Conway was reckless and extravagant, two qualities with which the Serious -minded tfalentine had no sympathy whatever. Having come into a considerable fortune at his father's death at th© ©arly ag© ' of twenty-one, Arthur had "been doing his beet to dissipate that fortune by racing, : gambling, ami general extravagance ever ' cinee, much to the grief of his mother, who 'was always appealing to her nephew to help her son out of his numerous difficulties. It was small wonder, -perhaps, that yonng Con way, who seemed to exist only in Order to 1)0 -to him -a thorn in the flesh, should be no favorite with Bryant, That he was hand - some, agreeable, and exceedingly popular With the fair £52, was liO Recommendation in the 4yes of the hard- working and sober- going ._ middle-aged cou&to;, whom Arthur for his part looked. Tip on as a strict 5TOd di88gre0ftbl0 old fogy, 4 Bryant's chambere in Lincoln's inn Fields were among the most commodious and well-appointed bachelor quartets to be found in that time- honored and classic dis- ' Iriet. On arriving' at his door on the second floor up the stone staircase, the visitor found him self received into a small ©quae© YSStjhulG OT entrance- hall. The clerk's office was to the left- of the door opening into a small office appertaining to Mr, Totem, Bryant's com fiaontial clerk, who was also in some measure his personal attendant, and who was accus tomed to Stay later than the others, in order to wait upon him. On the opposite side of hall was Bryanifs private study, fltted up iu .the usual severe style of -a room deTOtf d tO business, with a heavy mahogany writing" table in front of the fireplace, littered over wilh papers, and with dark bookcases Riled with law-books, and ranges of. t boxes, Orate mod With parchment deeds, lining 4 be walls on three sides of it, from door to ceil ing- It was here he received his clients, But in addition to this ofS.ce there wag y©t another room, opening out of the first) Which was ooneeorated to the indulgence of a U bis own particular bobbies and tastes ; Ibis cm- . stituted bis actual home, and here he really . lived bis happiest hours, either alone or in the company of some intimate and chosen friend. The room was comfortably, even luxuriously , furnished : pictures of consider- able merit covered the walls ; rare cbina, priceless old silver ' bits,' twinkled from be hind the glass doors of Chippendale ©orner- oupboardsj valuable bronze and marble statuettes stood on brackets and on tbo man tel'Bbelf; while there was not inthewholo room a single piece of furniture that had not been bought from some well-known col lection, and that was not worthy of a care ful examination. Bryant had spent a good deal of money, first and last, upon this room, and, ho had great taste in matters of decora- fcion and artistic arrangement tlie $wply repaid ths esr? tiais to tail fltJ- Toted to it, It wag a delightful room, and ho was justly pnrad and fond of it. Many times ho had bars entertained Marion Chal lenger and Leu husband at tea, and at least once every year they were accustomed to : dine with him. 'There were in consequence pstoiii trac?© vi feminine fingera her© and there, in matters of Indian em broidered draperies and deepIy-friiUd satin oust .OHS, that COllld have heen inspired only by a woman's taste. Bryant's sarctum, in feflt, Without deviating in the . least f rOZU what a man's room ought to be, did UOt present that cold formality ©f OUtllnB Or 11)3 1 comfortless austerity of detail which a man's unaided effort© ftrO WODt tO ImpOFt tO fc. Bebn, tbig delightful room, curtained off hy a heavy portiero from the rest of the irem- joes, were Valentine's bedroom and katii- room, so that th& outiou <A ITS TfeSTtleTlCO m which he was fZwlIed completely £rQt th.6 bUfiitlGSS <leparimeTit tit "wHicH liis worked, hut there wasyi-paseag© gf communi cation between the two. it may bo added that there was a separat© door from abaokstaiTcaso of the houeg, giyiug access to the larger office, so that no noiBo of the arrival or departura of bis employees conld penetrate to the solicitor's ears or disturb him when he was at WOrk. Esters, only, came and went hy the door he used himself. It has heen necessary io give a. somewhat ddt&tldd; de3Ctlp(ion cv£ Mr. Bryant's obam- )Ors in order tLat -tlie ©vents that happened on. a certain evening ? now about %Q TO' lated, may he fully underetogfi, Valentine had been dining at the Oxford and Cambridge. Club with a small party of friends, It happened to bo one of those wet nights to which the variable elimate of England is prone, and on which the getting home after dinner with a dry skin : s a matter . Of. serious difficulty. The rain as he left 'Pall Mall descended in torrents, and he had great tronbte in getting a oah at all, ThCfC were, indeed, SCRreely any tO bC BCCn to tilB streets, ©yea in the vicinity of the olnbs, and none at all in the neighborhood of Lincoln's Inn. When he dismissed his hansom at his own door, ha had to give the man an extra Shilling, fOL', as he grumblmgly said, it was not a night for a dog to he ont in. He ; jot very wet even rtrnxLiu acrog? tfa© pavement into the shelter of Vh© tlOOI"" waj, and a \wg stream of tlrippiuga from iifl oTerooat marked Mb track np the draughty Btone staircase to the landing of his own chambers. It was tarley LalJc-past eleven for Srj- antj mir df ul of lis next day's work, tie YCr to sit up late ; he came briskly np the Blair case, thankful t© b© bomC) OUt Of the Jn» ©lomenoy of the weather, and thrnst bis latch key into the door. As he did so, however, the door was opened simultaneously from within, and ha found that Peters was sitting up for him. Now, Peters did not sleep OTT the premises; he usually went away to his homo after his master had gone ont to his dinner, as soon R he had made the rooms tidy for h© CCmbiUCd as has been gtvifl, tb© QffiDD Of ValOt and ' servant with Mb other vocations. ' Halloo, Peters here still ?' cried Bryant, in some surprise, and then, seeing a queer look of trouble and mystery in the old man's face, he added, quickly . ' Has anything gone wrong ?' 1 Well, sir,' and T?ot©r© ©lOBttl th& flOOr softly behind birn, and lowered Mb voice at most to a whisper, ' I ' thought perhaps I bad bettor wait up and tell yon mvself, in caso it should he an unpleasant shack for yon ' ' Why, what the devil s It© maHer < Well, sir, Z am Buro iLope ott "won't Ll&m;© me — txxt tter© is -a lady "VYftHillg W see von, — CHAPTER V, ' A. IaJy- !' repeated &ryant;, in the hlankest dismay, ' at this hour of night ! Gtood Ciod, Peters, why did. you let her in? Why didn't you ©a y that £ can't attend to business at night ?' ' I did eay bo, sir, over and over again, but it made no sort of difference to her ; she said her business was most important, and that she must wait till yon cams in. I begged of her to eall again to-morrow, but she wouldn't SB much OS listen to me ; she said you would net mind her stopping, and that she didn't care how long she waited, so long r9 she Saw you. She has b«©n her© ©VOr 811200 TIlTlft ©' ©look,' added Petore, almost pit eously. ' 1 didn't like to leave her by herself, in case she might be one of them lady thieves as goes about and carries off the silver ; I thought it my duty to remain till yon came in.' Bryant was divesting himself of his wet overcoat. He was very much RHnoy©d With Peters for allowing rjjj client, UlOrO CSpEC' iaiiy r, woman, to go into his rooms at night, and he frowned heavily, whilst the corners of his lips assumed a certain stern deRe&tie; n with which Peters was familiar. ' You are certainly very much to hi ame? he eaid, with displeasure, ' and. I trust yon Will never let snch a thinn happen again on any pretext whatever. However, £ dftV© Bay it is only my aunt, Mrs, CoUWflyv' Peters was th© eovil of diBoretion, but at these w«rde he put np his hand to his face, and the ghost of a smile which he respect fully endeavored to conceal Bitted across his solemn features. . ' I don't think it is your aunt. sir,' he said, dryly. Valentine was in no Lurry to encounter th© unknown invader. There were BOV©nd letters that had com© by post lying OU the haii table, ana, h© proceeded to open them leisurely ; tho lady, whoever she was, must wait Mb convenience. He had a great many ladies among his clients, none of them young orhandmme, end ha considered that whoever this particular lady might he, she ought nt any rate to know better than to invade Mm after business h©WB and tO TCmOln Until tilB middle of the night in his chambers. It was unconscionable. 'If yon please, sir,7 said. Peters' voice bChlfld htm, ' if you do not want me any longer, I shall he glad to ko home. b£y w ij 9 is poorly to-night, and if yon ©Ollld m&H;&gO; ahont getting th© lady » ©&b; ?' ob, ye©, yee, of conree,' answered Yalen- tine, with more impatience than he usually showed to his inferiors. f Go home, cer tain ly ; I can get the lady a cab perfectly.' Be Was, in fact, rather anxi ens to set the old man out of the way : whatever the mystery of this lady might turn out to be, he felt that he had just as eo©n be alOU© tO unravel it. Peters went &w;»y quiokly and thankfully, and b© heard the hollow echo of his footsteps as they died away on tho stone staircase outside ; if bo had seen him chuckling to himself all the way down, he might have been ess glad to be relieved of his presence- it vyas add h ow his heart suddenly began to beat when he found himself alOn©, fflCC to face with th© HCCCBSity pf taOklMg thO iD truder, He entered big study : the room was empty, and it increased his annoyance when ho gathered from the sight of the half -open door of the room beyond that this audadona WOmaU. had actually penetrated into his own sanctum. ' He lifted the portiere curtain and WODt Mi The shght fignr© of a woman was seated in his favorite ano-ohair close to the shaded lamp ©n the table. She had found hcrsaif a book, and was reading. At his entrance she looked up quiokly and rose to her feet. For the first bewildered moment he hardly recog- nmd hev; he only saw that she was young add infinitely lovely ; then remembrance came hack to him, and he knew her. ' Miss Fairfax ! yon ! ho claimed, thunder struck at the sight of her. 4 7es, it is x.' And Bho smiled and hold out her hand. ' Are you very much Sur prised t© bs© me, Mr, Bryant f ' Very muck indeed, he answered, emphati cally, coming forward into the light without noticing her outstretched hand, and as she Saw his face more flllly she perceived that he was not only surprise d, hnt exceedingly dis turbed, at the sight of her. ' i h©p© you will forgive my waiting to re© you,' eh© said, applogetioally. ' Tou see, I am in groat trouble, and yon promised— you ovon swore it on your honor, if you. remember— that you would he my friend.' . 1 Miss Fairfax,' said "Bryant, y©ry BCriOUSly, 'you ought1 not to be here, Do yon know the hour ? Why did you not wait till to morrow to see ma ? Of course I am your ! friend, 1 hope always to be so, bat you JQHBli see for yourself tbat you have taken a very extraordinary fllcp, IB JflUr guard ISO M town ? The best thing you c in do, I think, ie to go atraight back to him in a cab at once, and if you will come again in the morning I will give yon the very best assistance that I can. Besides, I cannot discuss business ttOW it IS too late ; the first thing to he done is to take yon hack to Mr. Hirhy's protection, 'Von don't understand. X cauuot g© tO Kim i Ke is not in X,ond©n, X hflV© IDII ww ay.' ' "What 1' almost shouted Bryant, and then he remained staring hopelessly at her. Tou have run away f Do yon mean that he does not know that yon have left Hillside ?' ' He probably knows it by now,' replied Enid, tranquilly, ' but he would not he ahle tc follow me to-night : he had to go into Reading this afternoon, and he was not ex pected. hack iill.eeven o'clock, and there is no later train to town.' . ' Bnt, good heavens, Miss Fairfax , do yOTl realize the position in which you have placed yourself?' cried . Yalentine, with ever noreaeiug dismay. ' It is a very unfortnnate position, I admit,' said Eaid, sorrowfully, ' hut it is not half bo had as the position I have heen in for th© past week. Oh, Mr. Bryant Bh© Oiled, clasping her hand© together with BUdden paesion, ' save me from those men I If yon snow what I have gone through! if yon knew what I have suffered at their hands I7 ' Those moil ? You tnsan Mr. Kir by ?' ' I mean Mt'. Kirby and Ids son.' ' His sOn 9 tbe man you." ax© jjoing to marry P 4 I will not marry him Bh© Cried, 3lmOSt frantically, wringing her hands .together and pacing about the room like a beautiful caged animal. ' It may he wicked, it may be in human on my part, — Mr. Kirby eays it is,— but I cannot bring myself to it- 7 ' My dear yonng lady,' said Bryant, very serionsly, ' pray sit down again. Try andh© calm and tell me what haB happened, X confess that what yen Bay fillB mo with amazement, I imagined from what your guardian told me that your marriage was to be one entirely of affection.' Of affection I Good haarons she er ied. sinking back into tho chair he had pushed forward io her i ' -why, poor James is so ill he cannot move without help. I don't heliove he will live a month. X pity him from the bottom of my heart, hut I cannot feel any affection for him it mak©6 HI© shuaaer to g© near him, and when he Jakes my hand and tries to draw my face down to his— oh and she covered her face shrink- ingly with her hands. ' But was ha not away on business the day I waa with you?' 'Oh, no ; he was upstairs in hed all the lime.' !o Mrs. Stonrton's story was tXU©, after all 4 Mr. Kirby did H©t, ©f COUIBe, want y©u to see hi mf she continued ; 'he looks so terrible, poor fellow, and Mb cough is dreadful to hear 1 I ought to pity him,— I dO, indeed I fid,— but I cannot, oanno t money him I ike mere Ihoughf fills mo -witL. loattinjs.1 ' I all oxiltl itrxnlx so. But why did yon net tell me all this while X was at XXiVeid© ? I tried t©. But you know what hap pened, H© would not giro mo a chance. He knew I wonld appeal to yon ; so he put something in that sherry to make you drowsy. I tried to wale you up, hut yotL could not understand me, and then he came itt, and it was too late, and he turned me ont of the room.' ' But this is really terrible, Mibb Fairfax, The man must be a devil 1 4 He is, I believe. All thi© last week h© has shut me up in my room.; I have been half ©tarred. It was done to make me many that poor dying creature before my birthday. ' 'Before yon are of age?' said Bryant, sharply . ' When will that bo ?' '1 Shall be twenty-one to- morrow, and every day this week he has seen trying to drag me to the church, where that poor half deaf and nearly blind clergyman, whom b© has hoodwinked completely, W88 tO many US — and thi© morning was the last ohance. 1 would not go, audi believe he would have beaten me till he halt killed ma to-night. He said he would.7 ' 7 poor child, how terrible Could you not have wriiten to me, or to Bomo other friend r ' I haV6 Only ens other friend ; bnt I could net have sent a letter by post : my door was locked, and xiie servants were paid to ppj upon me. Ho, my only plan WB9 t© ©fCapO, When x found ©at that he had gone away for th© afternoon, I got out by my bedroom window,' I tied the sheets together and let myself down into the garden while ha was ont and the servants ware all at dinner. It is not very high up. 1 threw my bag ont first, and then. I got down without butting myself. I walked all the way to the station. Luckily I should he safe with yon, because you are a lawyer and will knew What tO dO to take care of me.' Bryant was silent for a moment. Her absolute faith in Mm touched him, at the same time that her entire innocence and ig- noranae of the world filled him with per plexity. In. truth, the position In which she had placed him was a snfflciently embarrass ing one, and already he ferePBW ©11 the difficulties and annoyances she was likely to cane© him, My dear Miss Fairfax,7, he said, at length, (I flflSUre yflU that you have my dflSJJd&t; Sympathy, and I wilt serve yon to the best of my ability, hnt it seems to me that the only thing to he 99ngid©rcd 0 5 tMS moment j© what you are to do to-Mghf. Do you know any lady in town to whom yon could got' She shook her head. ' I do n©t liJlOW ftny women at all ; my only friend is a man, and he is quite youDg ; that is why I came to you, I thought,' she added, naively, ' that, as you were old, it would not signify.7 The word made him wince ; he did not liko it. He looked at her oddly : was she laughing at him ? Not in the least. Her face was quite serious . Hid she really think him 'old,' then? — too old to know That eh© was beautiful ? H© was angry with her for a moment, and suddenly the hot blood dan ceo in his veins, and every pulse of bis being tingled with new excitement. Too old, in deed 1 too old for life and Lira and rapture of a woman's kies? Oh, If she only knew ! He gavo a short, hitter laugh that startled her. Mrs. Challenger, he remembered, had thOOght Mm Old tool Ah' Mrs. Ohallen- gei1 I Why on. earth had she gone away P SLe was the one woman in the world who wonld have heen of the most use to him, who could have helped him ©ut ©f tbi© predica ment by what fatality was it that she had bren spirited away to the other side of Europe just at this nn lucky moment ! (To be GowfmuED). After th© Spanking — Mother ra Now Johnnie, I don't want to catch you ever in that jam closet again. Johnnie (sobbing)— An' I don't want you to, nnther.— Detroit Free Press. The Eternal Feminine, — Jess — Jack tried to pump me last night on your age, Bess— You didn't tell Mm? Jess—Of course not; X said you didn't look it.— Tick-Me-Up. Mamma.— And how did my little pefc get to steep last night without mamma ? Little Pet — Papa tried to sing to me lilt© y©u do, an" I hurried up an' went to sleep BO B nut t© hear it. The manager of a Btrolling company Wft© requested by a big-wig ©f a OCrtlfiQ tQWn tO play ' Henry YIII, Alas, it W»3 Dot JD the company's repertory; but rathor than dis appoint his patron, he offered, without a moment's hesitation, to give 'Henry I Y.7 twice ooei. Paw,7 Said Johnnie Jimkms, reflectively ; if" on fl -m a anil TYinx© should Lave aff met ?' — TJni©n Qaa©tt©« 