AWEIRD STOBI. Hullo. Logan, glad io see you ve picked up. Here's Mr Dan vers—he's fond of paying us a visit down here." I had just got into the engine-room of tlie Ocean Monarch, bound for Cain? Town. I was. the second engineer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appearance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Danver.s. one of the passengers with whom 1 had made great friends.smiled. Sea air does wonders," said he. "I suppose T had better depart in peace, as you. too. ?will have plenty to do." , "Oh, no hurry." said Paterson. "Yon know we shipped some fresh stokora. tidgsa?" f v "Yes—two." I answered: "how do you: find them?" "I have no complaints." I opened the door of the stoke-hole a ad looked in. Dan vers put his head in behind me. He always said the great mi-eve of the tire had. a fascination for iiitm " The furnace d<><>r was open, and <>ii*» of the men was Ringing on coals. The hot jdare of light »VU on him as he moved backward ainJ forward. lie looked weird—terrible. I turned back hastily to Paterson. "Who is the third •nsra?" I said. "Third man." What do you mean ? What's the matter. Logan, you are quite white?" "There are only two n»en." said Dan vers, following me back mto the engine room- We heard the clang of the furnace 'door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared. I suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed concern ed. . "Three?" I said, in a curiously questioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. "Thompson (that was the stoker who had been with us for yearsV "and the new men—I don't know "their faces." "You d better go to the doctor again," r said Paterson. "I was in there live minutes before you came; there were ©iilv Thompson and HolSter. one of the pew hands there; and nobody has gone in since.** ~YotE see double, Logarn." said Dangers smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stokehole an^' there and -then settle the matter; bat I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later., it seemed probable that the others were right. The fierce fight might produce all manner of effects; and the third man had certainly looked shadowy enotrgh to be only an optical delusion. But the second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, cawins, and anu agaui there seemed someone behind Mm- anagain J other man: a filmy shape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There was nothing remarkable abowt the stoker. He was a quiet man, irtther "close" with his mates, and, therefore, not much liked; but we engiseers found him a oOd worker. I thought the fever was still hangingabout me: yet I felt strong and well,, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I had a horribly nervous thing odd about the man. Nothing at all, they said. Couldn't they see, I thought, that something always behind the stoker that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it. too—in the lurid glare of the fire, about the lower deck and passages, io the fresh sunshiny air—always ttiat otherman, like some haunting fate. Was I mad, or was every one else blind? "Danvers." I said one night, as he and I were walking the deck smoking, "do you believe In uncanny things?" "Do you mean ghosts?" "Not exactly. I wish yt>u would let me tell you something;-only don't laugh at me." " • - • "Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things," said Danvers. "Thanks. It is about this Holker. Do you remember when I first saw him ? "i told Paterson there were three men." Yes." 'There were three figures. God knows whether the third was a mail," I said in a trembling voice. "It is no fancy—I have proved it to be none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged; they are steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape " "What you Scotch call a 'wraith'" said Danvers, "a warning of his death." A "wraith" is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not in the least like Holker. "What does it mean ? " I said, pausing by his side. There was a sort of despair !n my heart. "Why do I alone see it?" Is there something for me to do, and I do not know what?" I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though he was silent. "It is very strange," he said, thoughtfully. "It may be that you alone are a ghostseer. I have read that some people never Can see anything." "You do not d#ubt me, then?" "I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance?" "It is as clear as day, though misty. It is a young man's face. He has white, transparent complexion, like a person in bad health; thin, aristocratic features; the fair hair falls in curls over the forehead; the eyes are brown —womanish eyes, soft and wistful " I paused suddenly. I had been talking as if to myself, iordly noticing Danvers : but an exclamation from him cheeked me. To my surprise he had turned pale. "Should you knon' the face?" he said, in a hurried way. "You mean in a picture?" "Yes." •"Come to my cabin," said Danvers. We went below quiikly, and when we reached his cabin he fastened the door He .seemed excited. He unlocked a desk that he took from a travellin case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked, could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the fa?e I had just described "I see you reeognfee it," said Danvers. He sat down and overed his face, and I laid the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. 1 felt curiously calm " Something you were to do," said Danvers at last. "iTou have done it." "How? I have dene nothing." "You have told m»." "Told you? Yes. because I could no longer endure sileme. What then?"' "I'll tell you—and you must help me. I am not travelling.for pleasure " "I knew that." I said, a little dryly. "Ah. You ore quick, but you kept your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detective." " What," I said, springing up. my heart beating wildly. "Hush. Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is not there—he is here." "Holker, the stoker," I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly regained something of'his professional quietude. ! S "Thai face." he said, pointing to the photograph, " is the likeness of Mr. J Louis Temple—a young man of means' and an invalid, who was murdered by bis man servant. Perhaps you have heard." "Xo. I was ill—I heard nothing." "Tlie man w.-us a. trusted servant, half uurse. The murder—a peculiarly horrible one, on a defenceless man—was committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil Holker s chest. The murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will smv5 r hang" him. Xow, do you see how ci-ear a service you have unconsciously done? But for this strange interposition the murdered man would probably never have been avenged. Our fateo information would have misled us, and while we wasted time in rectifying it. Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether.!' •'I see;" was all I cowidb-say. "Now; I have my hand tmUiitn," smV the detective. "He is. of course, disguised. I will arrange a plan, ill which I shall need your help to strip him of his disguise..'* I will arrest him. aSftft? and I will be-put" asliorjp at the first port wo tow-h al, and reiufh to-lCnglaud."' "Claim niy entire services." I said: "I can hardly vet believe I :uu in my rijrhi si-uses. Why was I. who kv?ew nothing of tin- <-ii',-Hinsi:in<-es — who w.ts iirnor-Tnt of ill** existence of this Louis Teinpl^— why was 1 chosen to Wing I his iwrrible crime to light":'V > "Ah. there we gel into the ^fathomable,"* sard the detective, "beyond me, and bevond wiser and better people than I." I'don't see how one could get over the facts—which ?is till, w? have to do with.'* That 1 arsmment did not satisfy me, though I tnew I never could' get" bevond it. The strange, the awful thing 'was. that the next time I saw Holker I he-shadow was gone. We made our plans, and 1 scon saw bow iieceswary my aid was. I was thrown mttfh more across the stoker than-Danvers was. and the initisJ movement was to. drug the man. to g»t him mto my cabin under pretence that he wait ilL and there satisfy ourselves ot his makeup. I shall never forget the grim> delight of the detective when this plan succeeded and tlie wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man before trs. That was his last hour o£ freedom. He-came to, to find himself the prisoner of the quiet passetgfer. Mr Danvers. It was a terrible scenes The man- eould not understand how fee had been dis covered when the detective said he himself had not m a d e the discovery. In the midstof the Wretch's frightful ravings. feinted that hei haa purposely missed the ship life had b e e n reported to have sailed in. and had fastened on the (Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, inohey—all identified as the missing property of the unfortunate Mr Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that \ye had a miird'erer on — board. -—- Sailors ^-aife , super&tif; ^ i ^ - - ^ " h ^ S e ^ i l HolkeJ (that wasn't his real name, by the by) had been removed from our ship- I. myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me in the mystery to allow me to discuss It with every idle tattler. W^s what I saw the spirit of'the murdered man, silently crying - for .vengeance "i I devoutly believe it'wa^. But the question I had put to the detective remains i^naasw<|yd—why was 1 made to play. The istory got in the papers, and I was interviewed by more scientific meif of all nationalities-than-I can remember now. It is years ago.:? The detective is dead, the Ocea n Monarch is running her last trip. So all things come and go. And it's time. I went below and looked after my engines.—L. Latisfeldt, in the "Yankee Blade." 