The Separation Question. MEETING OF THE EXECU TIVE. Some Strong Speeches. \- « MR KIDST0N CENSURED, His Motion Unnecessary. . ; The follomog report has been sup plied the Argus by Mr W. Herbert Ho bison, secretary to the Separation League: — A meeting .of too KsecsHive Committee of ihe C.Q.T.S. League «as hel l on Tues day evening. Present: Messrs G. 9. Curtis, M.L.A. (chair), J. C, Browne, T. Kelly. R. Forward, W. Allen, H. Fnides, J. Fairbairn, Sidney Willnms, P. J. M'Laughhn/W. "W. Littler (Mayor), and the secreiiry. Cap tain Bundle wrote, apologising fcr uon- AUUUUUUMUC:, aUU h«IIUUg bUSIl Ut> UUUCl" stood the chairman intenaed to address the meetiug relative to Mr Kidaton's refe rs .dam motion. He (Captain Bundle) begged to say that he considered Mr Kid- ston'o action mjud'Oicus aGd mischievou , and that the r.ction taken by Mr Curtis was in every way right, and he deserred tha thanks and support of the committee and of the people of Northern and Central Queensland.-- Messrs St. John Harding and A. Thozet also conveyed their regret thoy conld not attend, and both expressed tneir opinions that Mr Kidston was in overy way wrong, and Mr Curtis in every way right The chairman said : I have considered it my doty to call you together for the purpose or addressing von bnefiv UDon the sn' iaet of Mr Kidaton's motion in the Legislative Assembly, and more especially in respect to the vote upon the same. In the first' place I may say that not a single Central member, outside the Labor Party, was con sulted by Mr Kidston in reference to this motion, and I don't think that any North ern member, outside the Labor Party, was consulted either, wbiob, I think, was a great oversight for obvious reasons. Why ; we were ignored by Mr Kidston I do not know. With regard to the effect of the motion it is manifest that it can only be prejndicial. The effect of the proposition and the vote, ao far as Separation is con cerned, is this: It shows that the repre sentatives of a majority of the Central con stituencies are in doubt as to wbether the people of Central Queensland are in favor of Separation or not, and that, as they were in doubt, they desired to take a vote of the peorle to fiad'out. This discredits- to a great extent all that Jias been done, and the representations that have been made to the Home Government as to the wiahe& and the unanimity of the people, and! rtlartao a tuaannn in £i.a Vi.-n<4o nf <-U « Queensland Government, which can, and probably will, be nsed with damaging effect in any report they may make to the Home Government upon the question. The Gov ernor, too, might consider it his duty to point .out what has transpired in any confidential or other report that be may send. I protested against the snggeslion that the Southern people might be per mitted to vote on the question. I know well what the resnlt would be ; besides, the very proposal itself is an admission that the South has -a right to say whether we are entitled to self-government or not, and the proposal iv the more extraordinary iD' view of the recent distinct recognition of our right by Sir Hugh Nelson, the Premier of the colony, in his speech, when aiov:ng the second reading cf the Federal Enabling Bill. Whore is the necessity for any referendum, when, the head of the Government of the colony recognises that we - want Separation, and that oar aspirations and legitimate rights should be renlised ? I pointed out that the only people who can speak for Central Queensland are the people of Cen tral Queensland, and that it the people of Port Philip (Victoria) and Moreton Bay (Queensland) bad had to obtain the con- oonf rtf tVlft nannla rt P Kfam finnili Tlfnlnn 4- n the aeparstioa of those districts, that' the colonies of Victoria and Queensland would not have been in existence at the present time, _ but would be a part 'of New South Wales, and governed from Sydney. Mr Kidston expressed bis willingness to let the Southern people also vote on the question, but at the same time, referring to Mr Chamberlain's opinion that he thought the question was one to be settled by local agreement, said, that "It was very mnch the same as if a cheep appealed for protection against the butcher, and was told that the butcher would have to agree before you could interfere." Mr Kidston said be was perfectly prepared to let the Southern people also vote on the question, and that be was qnite persuaded that the Southern people would give a just and impartial vote. In this case the South stands in the position of the botcher, yet Mr Kidston is willing that tho butcher should be con sulted before anything be done. I think that it would be advisable f jr this com mittee to place on record their conviction that there -is no necessity for any referendum ; it may in some degree neutralise the effect of the recent vote. It is a duty that we owe to the petitioners, that such a denial and proteBt should be placed on record, and I shall be glad to have an expression of opinion from the committee on the snbject. The proposition that the people of the South uhall be con sulted, or allowed to vote, would be tanta mount to savin? that if a Doll were taken of the local optionists in Bockhampton to say whether the clauses of the Act should be put in force or not-, that the prople of Brisbane should also be consulted in the matter before anything oould be done. Such a motion as Mr Kidstor/s might very easily prove to be a twe-edged weapon. If there had been any probability of this motion being carried the Southern mem bers had, I was afterwards informed, decided to propose an amendment to the effect that three questions should be put to the people of the whole colony : First, whether the colony should' remain one undivided oolony ; seaond, whether it .should be formed into two colonies ; third, whether it should be formed into three colonies. I feel almost certain that with the Sonth voting, it would result in an enormous majority in favor of a twofold division of the colony, and although that in itself would net settle the question, the moral effeot of this woull bo very pre judicial to the cause- Central Separation. I may say that one of the Southern msru-bers subsequently showed meanamendmsntsucu as mentioned, that he had drafted, and pro posed to move had there reEmed any proba bility of Mr Kidstou's motion being carried. The Sonth is in the position of a defendant in a Buit, and should be disqualified from becoming judges. We are the plaintiffs claiming to- have our oatne tried. The Imperial Government are not j adgee, but simply administrators bound to carry cut the law. The Imperial Fariiament is the Conrt of Appeal, to whom we can apply for relief. That 1 conceive to batthe oorrect position.. In concluaioo, I may say that- last year I refused to bring forward a similar motion as that of Mr- Kidaton's for the reasons stated by me in the House, . I disapproved or it last year, and as 1 still did so, I acted consistently in opposing it, and in the best interests ot Separation. . « # # # Mr Fairbairn said he considered that the chairman's action with regard to. Mr Kidaton's motion rolative to tho referendum was perfectly right, and he was sure id perfect accord with- the opinions en tertained by the members of the Execu tive and with thos9 who . were trno Separationsts, and he had to be thanked and congratulated in the heartiest manner for the way which he had dealt with a matter of so much vital importance. Ho had made his position perfeotly clear, and hie action' was deservihg.of their strong and united support. .There was no doubt' that Mr Kidston had acted in an improper, and he would add in an underhanded manner, and his motion was entirely uncalled for, and most injudicious at the present' time, and be bad no right, whatever to lake the 8fcep3 he did without .first consulting Mr Curtis and the Execntive of the League; and without ' their approval Mr Kidaton's motion was not a question of Separation or on Separation, but of the referendum and nothing else. Mr Kidston said bo was willing that the South should be permitted to vote on tbe queations as well as tbe North and tbe Centre, which appearod to be very mnch as if he were prepared to give the League and the whole oase away. Mr Chamberlain's idea, he said, of -local agreement was very mnch the eame if a sheep appc-a!ed for pre lection from the butcher and was told that the butcher's men have to agree before anyone eoold interfere wan apposite. It was ridio-ilous fcr him to s-;y afterwards that be was willing to let tbe Scnthern people vote on the question, they being in the oase before them in the po9iti.n of the butcher. Thi3 was contradictory. The proceeding was calculated to do grca mischief, and oould do no good, and he (Mr F-ii'-airn) conaiderod that Mr Kidston deserved the censara of Sopa- ratiomati and or bis ccnetituentF. Mr Fairbtirn in conclusion said he would move — " That we, the members cf tte Ex- ecuuve Committee, on t)ah:ltr.f theO.Q.r.f. League, hereby place on record out c-.nvio- uoo ttLib tbe motion movej by Mr Kidston iu kne iueensinDo issoraoiy was quite un necessary and uncalled for, ard regret that he was so ill-advised as to bring it forward, oalculated as it is to cast a serious doubt npon our petitions and frequent represen tations to the Imperial Government. We further deeiro to express our entire appro val of the action of oar chairman, Mr Gar- ti?, in oppoaing the motion." Seconded by Mr Little; and cariied unanimously. # ,# # Mr Allen said before putting the motion he would like to say a tew words. In the first place, he considered it wae unwise for Mr Kidston to «have brought forward any each motion as he did without consulting Mr Curtis and the other Central members. it exninite.1 a lacs ot c ;urte?y on nis- part to ignore bim and them in tbe manner he did, and be (Mr Allen) wrote to Mr Kid ston, stating that he considered that it was not at all likely tbe Govoroment would consent, and there was not the ghost of a chance of the motion being cai- ried. He remembered that during the last session the Exeoutive Committee met to discuss the question of a referendum, and it was then considered not advisable to recognise the neeessity for any sooh thing. Fe was averse to Mr Kidston motion. Mr Kidston was, he repeated, wrong in not having consulted his col leagues. Whether he was first or second member it was hie doty to bave done so. He was not justified. It wa3 unbecoming of him to attempt to mate himself leader of tbe Separation movement without authority. Ho was not justified in doing so, and it was uobecomiEg. Mr Williams Baid : They moot not ex pect too mnch from Mr Kidstoo, but tbey were quite entitled to say what tbey had Raid nhnnr. him. "Pnr hia na.rfc h;» almnol.. objected to the action of Mr Kidstbu, <lthougta at the same time he begged to say that he waa not at all surprised at anything he did in connection with Sepa ration. It 'could cot be considered un charitable to say that every time, th/.- Separation question. wa9 mooted he had posed as being tocst zealous in endeavoring to arrest the movsment, and to life bim elf' into being the leader in order to show wtut he.coold do. With their past experience cf what .that ger-t'eman bad done,- it wais r-cl diffioult.to suggest -what he would, if he could, do in tbe future. Hia efforts to take the Separation leadership out of the hands cf Mr Curtis — who was, without doubt, the ablest m-n connected with the movemant — who knew more about it than all of them put together, who had been the I fe and spirit of it, was presumptuous. Mr Kidston had gone so far as to say. that it required him to take the helm and to take charge of Separation. This evidenced one of tbe peculiar characteristics cf that gentleman. When the pr;.ps8ed referendum was brought under the notice of the Execu ive by Mr Cur tis, towards the close of last Parliament, the opinion was expressed that anything of the kind was perfectly unaevessary, bo far as'Central Queensland was concerned, as tvA bad fnll n.nr! sufficient: etriHannj to shnnr the perfect unanimity of the people upon the subject. For Mr Kidston to bring foi- -ward soah a motion, without oinsalting Mr Curtis, was an act of the grossest discour tesy, but he (Mr Williams) was not sur prised. Mr Kidston appeared to ba under the delusion that if he took the thing in hand Mr Curtis mu6t follow him. Mr Curtis .had done well — he was not afraid to do what he conceived to be right— he? in a few words, did his duty, and it is to be hoped tkat the Rockhaaipton Press and tbe Bockhampton people would do bim foil j usfcice. « » » # Mr Kelly aaid : I may be doing-Mr K daton an injustice, but on former occasions Mr iCidston bas folly shown: he was not to be trusted on tbo question of Separation, wbiob is confirmed by tbe action he took with regard to his Federation mot-ion upon his own authority. After the work tk it Mr Curtis has done for SeparatioD, Mr Kidston had no right whatever to bring forward snch a motion without consulting bim, and tbe other Central members, outsk'e the Labor Party. It is moat unbecoming of him to come to tbe front and endeavor to create himself the'Leader of Separation, a position to which he cannot lay the shadow of a claim, as he haB not proved in the slightest degree that ha has'done anything to help Separation, but on the contrary that he has done very much to prevent it. Mr Fiddes said : I rise to support tbe motion ; out as a opposed mr tuaston at the late eiection, anything- that I might say against bfm may, by some, be con sidered iavidieus. . I heartily support, the motion, and thoroughly approve of tbe action- taken by Mr Cur ti3 in Parliament; had he taken any other course he would ' bave stultified himself and a'l that ha? been done . by the league, of which he is: the. recognised leader. I can safely say that' Mr Kidston's motion was exceedingly indis creet, ill-timed, .and not in any way neces sary. I am glad to hear Mr Allen speak in the way he did. It is, I think, certain that the action of Mr Curtis will meet with "the warm approval of this committee and of this community. s Mr Boveham said : Being present on this important occasion I should much like to express my strong disapproval of Mr Kid- ston'd action ia bringing bis referendum motion forward iu the manner he did with-, out consulting Mr Curtis, or bis colleagues, or his coaatituootp. It was unwise and precipitate, and should not have been done at all, if necessary, except by Mr Curtis, who is the recognised leader of tbe Separa tion movement in Central Qneensiabd. Therefore, I repeat that the motion w&3 most . unwise and prejudicial to the Separation cause, and a greifc injustice to those who supporteJ him during the late election. I feel it to bo my duty to express myself in this manner, as I am conscious . that Mr Kidston was wrong in bringing forward a motion of such a character. The meeting concluded 'by the chairman warmly thanking the members present for. tbe kind manner m whioh they -supported him and acknowledged' his efforts on behalf of Separation. 