NOT ALL BEES AED SKITTLES. An English paper, writing of bookmakers, aays: — 'According to the popular view, all bookmakers are rich men, who do nothing for the money they get. As a matter of fact, the bookmaker works very hard, and is seldom weareuy. ii uas not oeen oy catting out at the top of one's voice, 'Six to four on the field ! ' that the great fortunes on the turf have been made. Few people who have contented themselves with ' lielding ' pure and simple have made a large fortune, unless it ia Mr it. H. Fry. Messrs Stoel and Pecch are supposed to have made more money than unv other firm of bookmakers, and probably they have, but it was not by laying 6 to 4. They havs had in their time charge of some of the largest commissions, and their greatest gains have been made by backing horees rather than laying against them. Whoa General Feel, liotnvrell, and Pretender won the Two Thousand, for instance, they were very large winners, as they wers also on Pretender's Derby, a id on the principal p. in- take:. i that went forth from Tom Dawson's stable. By l'ar the biggest bookmaker that was ever known was the leTiatban Davies, who never owned a thoroughbred, or did other than lay agaiust horses. When it is borne in mind that he more than once laid such U s as £109,000 to £1000,. and did by l'ar the largest business in the ring, it is astonishing how little tie died worth, it was not much more tjiau £0U,(JU-I.' C-303 0L3 KITTY. One of the kings of the iing was Mr J. B. Morris, and owing to the many hjd debts he incurred, he died a very poor msa. If he had been paid up all that was due he would have left upwards of £100,000 behind him. The magnificent William Bids dale was found dead in a garret in Newmarket, and what be came of ' Dalby Bennett.' who twice won the Chester 'Cup, and Tommy Lay, who on two occasions secured Waterloo Cup honors 1 Jimmy Barber, at his death, had nothing, and his once partner, Joe Saxon, who won the Uaks with Brown Buchess, died landlord of a very unpretentious beer-bouse. It is no secret that Mr Jack Valentine, who for 30 yours was head of the well-known firm of Valentine and Wright, would have been in distressed circumstances bat for tbe kindness of a former partner. The great John Jack eon, of Fairfield, died anything bnt a rich man, and many other names of pencillers who ? went by the board ' might be cited to prove that bookmakir.g is not the extraordinary profitable business some people imagine. In most of these cases — with the exception, per haps, of William Ridsdale — extravagant living will not account for failure, and the explanation is most likely to he found in the fact that 'kitty ' gets all the money. * Kitty,' in bookmaking, is represented by railway travelling, admission to grand stands, hire of vehicles, hotel expenses, etc., and it must be borne in mind the racing man has to pay about 50 per cent, more all round than the ordinary traveller. TEET DIED POOR. In Australia we have had some good men of sterling integrity in tbe ranks of the riugmen who were reputed to have been very wealthy, but they cut up very badly when . they crossed over tbe great divide, where the favorites oease from troubling, and . the ' stumer ' is at rest. The wealthiest men in the ring to-day are ths well-ihformed inixerB,' and every man Jack of tbe fair fielders aie — well, not broke — but beat. Those to succeed at thegaine must cc:':'-nally have a royal dash on something sniu-.vv. Figures will settle them in time, because figures will not work properly in a field of twenty if there is only one trier. A minimum of triers, and a maximara of ex's is a doable hard to beat, as the wiliest of tbe fair fielders have dis covered ere now, and the same double has been the means of breaking all the punters as woll, and while the poor punters' kids are calling for cake the little pony track owner lounges in his easy chair, 6mokiug one of the best, with a long cool drink within reach. JOCKEY ANWIN' Some of the southern writers, and not a few punters, think it was Anwin and not The Officer that neat Kewhaven in the Caulfield Guineas. Anwin made his reputation, and a pile for W. T. Jones, by getting Bravo home in front of Carbine and Molos for the Mel bourne Cap. Tbongh he won the Cap he was not by any means-a good rider. He has good hands and seat, but he was on a visit to his aunt when his brains were doled out. 1 have seen him ride a deal, but never saw him win a raits with a bad horse, though he won plenty of 'races, but he . was always ex ceptionally well mounted. Had Gardiner been intrusted . with the Kewhaven ride he would not have given, his backers room to talk. He rods - tbe colt real well here, and before he saw Newhaven he did eoms good pigskin work. Yet (Anwin wes a full-blown rider years before Gardiner waseutrostad with a ride! I bear (Mil was aW handled execrably and a correspondent advises me to abaadon all hope of that colt at Flemington, as he looks dried np and done for. ABEROOBN FORGOTTEN The Melbourne ' Argue ' man, writing of fbe Guineas, sets our dnll-as-ditch-water dailies a go for smartness. Imagine one cf our turf writers saying the backers of Kewhaven were lore^cs I If he did so, he would be \ fired out into the street in faster time than it «:li take for his proprietor to find his way to Hades when he shuffles off this coil : ' It may be that the better horse won ; at any rate, The Officer and Kewhaven will have an opportunity of fighting their battle over again in the Y.R.C. Derby, the interest in which has been greatly enhanced by New hsTcn's failure, which, it need hardly be said, was a terrible shock to the public. The worship of Newhaven had reached a point bordering on the ludicrune, He was 'the horse of the century.' Abercorn was for .:on; Carbine was a mediocrity. But lha lola ors need not be dowaciet. According to statistics, Uers are still 1,563 lunatics in Victoria, exclusive of those who accepted 10 to 1 about Nowhaven's winning the double event — the Y.R.C. Deiby sad Melbourne Cup.' It would be no new experience to puntera if Newhaven did go down in tlia Derby. His equals at least have been num bered among the slain in bygone races for tbat bit of ribbon. The two greatest horses that ever breathed this side of the line — and, perhaps, better than anything ever seen on the other side of the world — Carbine aud Aberoorn, both were beaten in the Victorian Derby. Carbine had won all his races pre vious to mesting Ensign at Melbourne, and if it had not been for the eajt-loads of money that was piled on to Melos, Dan O'Brien's colt would have Btarted a big odds on favorite. TEE KING 0? K1RKHAH However, there were ' extenuating cir cumstances ' attached to the defeat of both Carbine and Abercorn. The former received a Heavy wnip mow on me sneain wnen uer rett got Hurried at the approach of Tom Hales and Easign. The blow doabied the colt up, and Tom got Mr White's gelding home by one of those masterly bits of horse manship he often showed us when be was free from asthma. Aberoorn was suffering acutely from dental and feet trouble when he fell a victim to The Australian Peer, and divided place honors with Niagara, but the ' King of Kirkham ' fought on with all bis great courage, fighting against nature to the bitter end. In '76 high odds was laid od Nowbaveu's sire, Newininsler, for this race, bat lie finished last. His wretched form led his friends to believe he had been poisoned. Whether he was nobbled or not, two men did time for it. The stable-boy afterwards blossomed into a puuier, and bis doings .were tbe talk of the day. However, he went down the hill very fasi at the finish, and ended his days by smothering himself in a ditch near Geulong whiltt suffer ing from the effects of bad whisky. IDs partner in the alleged poisoning flourished exceedingly, and in after years he was a powerful patron of Carelahe's Caulfield stable, and great were his plunges on many of ' Jonesy's ' well arranged selling races. His success brought about a ? rent in bis garret,' and he laid £36,000 againet Bravo for the '66 Cup, and so cocksure was he that the son of Grand Flaueur wouldn't stait tnat he laid long Onllen, of Hurliogbam, ilOUO to Is. and coitemptously tossed the medeet but useful 'bob' to the Victorian Club bar keeper for two drinks. However, through lire advice of Tom Uaydon, be got his money back aad won £700 oh the race. He then went to Epgland for a rest, aud has been reeling there ever 6ince, in hi6 grave. CAULFIELD REMINISCENCES. Tbe first- recorded winner of the Caulfield Cap is Master Avenal, but previous to this the principal race of the. Spring Meeting had another name, and Newhaven's sire, New minster won it once carrying Billy Yoemaus. To this day it is said that Master Avenal didn't win the cap, but was third to Wood lands and Pirate. Anyhow, Tom Ivory got the money, but had it not been for Jemmy King's foul riding Bill Forrester would hare won it, and a fortune, with hie beautiful black liorso, GipRy Cooper. The two years following Master Aveuel's Cup the race was won by Little Jack and the Yattendon horse Calma, both of whom landed piincly Flakes for their plunging owners, the late Bill Branch and Mr. D. S. Wallace The books took a bitter revenge in 1884 when Blink Bonny provod her liallarat trial to be all wrong. Grace Darling's Cup will be easily remembered by tbe present generation from the fact of 41 horses running and 17 of them falling. In the smash Donald Nichol son — the best light weight of this or any other generation — received injuries which caused his death. Donald was riding one of the favorites, Lord Exeter, aud just before the smash he remarked to a brother jockey ' what sort, how will I walk ia ?' His horse was pulling hard and going as strong as a lion. Too Too and Sardius were in front making the bend, and they collided and came down, bringing fifteen others with them. Poor Ted MoGrade — who afterwards went down in the Keilawarra — Sam Crack nell, and Donald were picked np eenselees. When Donald was lying on the ground some of the ' sports ' on the flat eased him of a diamond ring and breast pin, while the whips of the fallsn riders and gear of the crippled horses disappeared like magic. EE STARTED WITH NOTHING. Grace Darling's Cup ought to be remem bered by Bob Button, who introduced cash betting into tbe Australian saddling pad docks, as at that time be had th* public by the ' wooL' On the morning of the Cup he just found enough money to pay for himself and clerk into the paddock, and when they took their stand they didn't have the price of a long beer between them. ' 'Well, we carnt start with nothing,' said Sutton, so he spat in the bug. and that email spit — it was a dry one — constituted his bank! However, he started on the Cap, and betted away with all bis well-known dars-devil pluck, and at tbe close he counted £4000 as his day's work. After many Australian ups and downs, Sntton returned to his native island (Eng land), and after some more nps and downs there be infused some life into tbe nobility by marrying a daughter of a Marquis, aud with her he wss presented to the Queen. Sutton was a bold, devil-may-care, goodlook ing fellow, and, with all his fanlts, he deserves the thanks of all Australians for in troducing the cash system of betting into our reserves, and strangling the old even money each of two and 5 to 1 this and the next crowd, who had ao long run the show. How he has been heartily cursed since by the old school of ' Yiddiebsr ' rail bettors, who used to consider they had a grievanoe againet Society if they conldn't bet round on three horseB in a field of twenty. WANTED IT BOTH WAYS. Alec Robertson came in for much abase end blame for losing the '80 Cop on Silver mine,' and Mick O'Brien was gushed over for riding the winner, Ben Bolt, in suoli a masterly style. But in spite of his critics Alec rode the best race of the twain, and the real reason of Ben's win was' because he was infinitely ths best horse of the two ovsr a mile and a half, and as a matter of faot poor old Mick O'Brien rode a very bad race on him, and if Ben hadn't been one of the best mile and a half horses a'ive Silvermiue would Lave won, and a mob of boodiere would have gone into obscurity sooner than they did. It is possible to tolerate aud often admire a boll brave thief, but a menu thief is beneath the contempt of a Chinaman. One of B,n Bolt's handlers 'gave' the long striding Queenslundor to about b&lf-a-doxen; books to lay, and while these confiding dead meat merciiaute ware hard at work on the supposed corpse, the handler and his friends were hacking him. The handler wanted a bit both wave, and he got it. This person had the manners and appearances of a gentleman, and ho has lived oo the credit of Ben Bolt's Cap and the dexterous nee of the 'broads' over sioce, but it ie only a matter of time with him. HALL AH AT WINS. Oakleigh was a real old fashion el Baliarai good thing, and the men from the city of wid6 streets put down their gold in lumps. The horse came from this side. Jack Moore won a race or two w.th him and sold him to Alec Robot (son who in turn let him go to the late Martia Loughlin, and the even son of Roolee was put quietly by for something oat of the common. Iu ca e the handicapper mi a lit form a too exalted opinion of Oakleigh, he was given a run in a field of three for a two penny half penny bracelet 'at Ballarat j ust before the ueighte for the big Spring Handicap came out. An eld worn out steeplechasers named — I thick — Deringa won the race, and Mr. Bernard 1st him in with Get 91b in the Cu|). Gorry was secured early to ride, and the - good thing duly came off, and Ballarat rejuiccd aud roj need. Chicsgo give us a Caulfield Cup hint at rilstemwick a weok or two after Mr Barnard bad made his Cup burden let 41b, but all sorts of rumors were flying around about 'hi m long before September died out. His lost wore troubling him, so Dick Mciienna took him to Saad ringh&m; for the benefit of salt water, and Sam Cook's 6plendid ga'iop. Chicago, how ever, kept weakening iu tue betting, until oae morning in Collins-atrcet, Jack Cohen made au attempt to bury him by laying 100's to 1, but this tempting price was taken, and tbe horse hardened ou until ho started cec nd I'avoriie, and perhaps carried more money than any othor horse in the race. Boz was trained for his Cap at the little suburban meetings about Melbourne, Joe Cripps rued to ru-i him ia a five or six fuilung flutter I sv.-ry week, and lie kept oil winning a bit to go on with, and gelling his !i ,-rso into i'iat rare bucHe which eloud to ban so well wbsn be tackied Brjvo and Tho Oliarrue.- half way up the straight. Outride tbe stable nobjjy backed Yeigeancs, but those who saw him wita his head in his, chrst behind the placed iior.-es in a iace at Flem ington before the weights appeared. Y-'uh Faddy Ale lower: riding (Dt l-'ilo it did look a guod thing to those in the know, but tbe good thing i early camo undone, and would Lave done so if John Hayes, who wos riding LtreaLloue, bad kept his whip down and lo deed straight ahead instead oi flogging his horse aud twisting his hear about as h ia scotch ot imaginary ghosts. WILY IKS. Wily Ike Foulsham gave the books eorne lliing to think over in 1891, and had tbe belting la-teil ten minutes longer O'voo would have displaced Bungebah for favorite lent. ' Bungey ' was regarJed as a good thiug that year, and a: one time ho was marketable at J tel. In spite of bis going light niter he landed at Flemington, and the warnings of Harry Raynor, ho kept ki6 place at the head of the quotations, but didn't take any part iu the finish of tbe race. Paris brought tho race this way in 1802, and brought it with easo. Tim Svriveller won in the following year, but, unfortunately for the la e George Davis, a powerful Caulfield push were heavy on the second, and the pro test which followed the hoisting of Tim's number went in lavor of Sainfoin, even though kaowlodgable racing men laid 2iJ to 1 oa Tim getting the race. Oxide's owner pro tested against both Tim and Sainfoin, but he had little chance with tbe faction. Paris carried his flat lib home successfully the fol lowing year, aud established a rec ird for the highest weight and the only horse to win two Caulfield Cups. Waterfall proved his worth last year, and set the tbree-year-o.ds in years to come a nico task to equal. OBEEOSNS'3 CUP. Reka wa9 the first horse backed for this year's Cup, but he was soon deposed by C remorne, who was looking and going well at tbe time. In fact tbres weeks before the A.J.C, meoting, Cremorne was galloping better than he ever did in his palmiest days, but his trainer didn't leave well alone, aad when the r&ee3; came on the long-legged son of Nea was weak and washy. Wli6n it looked ceriain that Creuorno was knocked out, jutu-uea u nute iulo ins ueiung, ouiy to us scratched when the proper time arrivej. Then Hopsootca'e wine on the first day brought him to tbe top of the betting poll, where he reigned till Friday last, when the highly-tried St Albans cnlt, Resoluto, super ceded him ; but on the ground ' Hoppy ' re sumed his old place. The description of Cremorne's head win is given elsewhere. EARLY PICK 3- Cremorne is by Glorious from Nea, by Lard of Liana from Hebe, by Magus from Lslla Rookli, by Satellitte — Arab — from Lorina, by Smolensko from a daughter of Whiskey, from Hoity Toity, by Highflyer. It is over two years since Cremorne won a race, but when the weights for the Spring handicaps appeared his cbanse for aay of them was regarded as good if his trainer could but bring him to the post fit and well. He was got ready for Sydney, but he was ready too eoon by three weeks, and was all out of sorts ou the day. The trip to Melbourne freshened bim up, and he began to go on again. Last week the Allsapp men were very bnsy backing him for the Toorak Handi cap, and also busy whispering the goad thing to their friende, as Johnny bad cent the long legged gelding over as a good thing. How he failed is a matter of btStbry, and how Allsopp'a friends tried to get out of their Cup money is also history, but as yet un written. Johnny sent bis final yesterday to several of his Sydney friends, end that final was NO CHANCE. Cremorne's makes the sixth big handicap that harfallen to Alisop's ' no chance ' horses, they were Paris (Motrop), TJabba (Epsom), Florrie (Summer Cup), Right Honorable (Hawkeshury Handicap), Cremorne (Don caster and Caulfield Cap). Verily it is better to 'be born lucky than riolt — of sen sible i When tbe weights came out I picked Cremorne and five others, included in which Were Reka' and Hopscotch, to furnish the winner, but I advised my readers to stand off Oremorne until near the day, as I feared Allsop, when it came to galloping the old horse. I hope the said readers neglected that advice and chanced Johnny nicking him. It was a feather in Grand Planner's bonnet for two of his eons to finish in the first three. | Straight fire- was indeed uulucky to lose, if qhy reliance can be placed in the telegraphic deicriptiau of tbe race, and it appears Lo Yat was .inter fuel with by Holmss ou The Parisonce. A c mplaint was laid against that jockey, but it was not sustained. Our little band of race horses in Victoria are doing remarkably well, so far. Hopscotch aad Metford carried off three rich prizes on the firBt day, while Cremorne and Lianteaiant did the elder colony good service yestorday. Merman beat his bitter fancied stable mate, Resoluto, and Cremorne lest his mate, Right Honorable, who was taken South specially tor this race, while Creiuoruo went across to give hie backers a bodging chaccu, and if possible to win a smaller race than the Cop. So much for the judgment of horse-trainers, who are made little tin gods of when they win, aud eulogised for the judgment they do not possess. 