A PARISIAN PROPHETESS. A Mdlle. Conédan, a young woman of Paris, who is no way distinguished by birth, education, good looks or piety, and who does not profess to be a spiritist, or to have made a study of occultism in any form, is creating a sensation by revealing the past and predicting the future. Her disclosures are, by all accounts, very startling, and are extremely puzzling to scientists of almost every school. She has minutely described scenes which she could not possibly have witnessed, and of which no knowledge could have come to her through any channel ; she has read thoughts that had never been uttered or written ; she has accurately described things occurring at a distance, which at the time being could not by any possible agency be known to her, and she has foretold events near at hand which occurred precisely as she had predicted. Wonderful as the X rays are in proving that the rays of light can penetrate objects heretofore rewarded as opaque, that discovery, being physical, is far less marvellous than the knowledge of the past, the present, and the future, which the Parisian prophetess displays. Her apartments are consequently crowded during many hours of the day, and would be every hour of the twenty-four if tired nature, even in her case, did not demand repose. That she is a mere charlatan cannot be supposed, as the facts of the case do not admit of even so much as a suspicion to that effect. She does not exercise her occult powers for gain ; it needs much persuasion in many instances to induce her to do so, and she does not court notoriety, unless it may be said that in exercising her mystic art she is doing so in the most effective manner. Against her moral character there is not, so far as is known, anything to be said, and it is important to bear this in mind in the consideration given to her case. By birth and profession she is a Catholic ; she has not abjured the faith, though in playing the part of seer and oracle she does not follow its teaching. She claims to be inspired by the Holy Ghost, and if this be madness in her case, it is madness such as never results from the visitation of Providence. A delusion in the ordinary sense it cannot be, for the consequences of it are supernatural. Physical and metaphysical science have both been employed in an investigation of the case, and with no satisfactory result. The spiritists have claimed Mdlle. Conédan, but she has disclaimed them, and even repelled them. The mesmerists have enrolled her in their ranks, but she repudiates their pretensions, ranking herself far above any of these theorists. She firmly adheres to her statement as to the source of her information, and as her revelations could be explained on natural grounds, and it could not be denied that they are not only preternatural, but supernatural, they were taken into consideration by a committee of priests, and their report throws upon the case the only light of which it seems to admit. The report is said to be — A very carious document, recognising as it does the existence of sorcery and dealings with the devil. Canon Brettes expresses his and the committee's opinion with absolute plainness by saying that the spirit by whom Mdlle. Conédan is inspired cannot be of the celestial order. In fact, according to Canon Brettes, it is the devil, and the devil alone, who has lately been drawing so many Parisians to the Rue de Paradis. The Canon points out what must have been evident to the religions-minded from the outset, viz., that the words and ideas that flow with such astonishing volubility from Mdlle. Conédan's lips are not to be reconciled with the hypothesis of inspiration by a Heavenly being. She has spoken of the Ohnrch, the Pope, and the Cardinal Archbishop of Paris with marked disrespect, and the " angel" or messenger by whom she claims to be inspired is invariably silent in the presence of those who have just communicated. " All," continues Canon Brettes, "in the manifestations of this pseudo angel bears the mark of the devil. He communicates to his interpreter a mystical pride, a constant egotism which suffice to denounce him." Outside this report probabilities may be found thAT Mdlle. Conédan's prompter is an evil spirit. There are many signs that Satan has acquired a dominion over the affairs of man, against which Christianity, if followed, should be a protection. In the legislation of several countries there is lamentable proof to that effect, and so also is there in the spread of secret societies whose constitutions are non-Christian, if not anti-Christian. Even on the part of vast numbers of people who disavow that they have thrown off the Christian yoke, there is now no faith in the fundamental Christian truths ; and since those Pagan times when Pluto and the inferior deities beyond the Styx were objects of worship the One Ture God has never been insulted as He has been by the Luciferians and the Satanists, who have each set up an altar to the Prince of Darkness. And with his power on earth so increased, it would not be surprising if he manifested himself with uncommon boldness. It is only reasonable to believe that as Christian influences wane among men, and their hearts in increasing number turn from God, the power of their arch-enemy would increase, and the evidences of it woulf both mutliply and become more remarkable. At every period of history, either before or after Christ, in which there was a remarkable decline of morals and a falling away from the worship of the True God, false prophets sprang up to beguile the unwary, and by these and other signs it was apparent that the manifestations of Satanic influences had become both more frequent and more signal. Through such an experience the world is now, we fear, passing. —————— Mr. F. B. Freebill has been appointed Spanish Consul at Sydney. We are happy to congratulate the president of the Irish National League on the distinction that has been conferred upon him. 