?Botez . ..f&. ..Sommente. We call attention to the letter of one of our correspondents on the Converted Gamblers' and Drunkards' Brigade. This is a step in the right direction, and in proper hands we have no doubt that the Brigade will render a good account of itself. These two evils of gambling and drunkenness, are rampant in our midst, and wherever they gain ascendancy over their miserable victims they always eat out every uouie.senciment ana aspiration. It is impossible that any noble senti ment can find a home in the soul of a confirmed gambler, for o£ all vices, gambling is the essence of selfishness. Even some of our non-Christian philoso phies are reading to the world their lessons on 'Altruism' that is, on seeking the good of others. But the professional gambler is a social harpy that lives on the misfortunes of others, and has no sort of compassion on the poor victims whom he fleeces. As for the poor sot whose vice is that of drink, he is the the victim of a vice which never- exists alone, inasmuch as it is always accompanied by other vices, which come trooping like demons into a man's soul, when he loses all faculty of self-control. We heartily wish the Brigade a prosperous career, and many converts. ? o ? A remarkable story is told in the columns of the American Citizen, of Boston, U.S.A., about the baptinm of the Prince of Wales, and it professes to have come originally from the Freeman's Journal of Sydney. It is to the follow ing effect : When the time came for the baptism of the infant Albert Edward Prince of Wales, two dignitaries of the C.E. arranged to divide honours on the occasion, with the result that one poured the water while the other read the form of baptism, which was said to be ' a blunder, making the baptism invalid. After the ceremony the Queen of the Belgians, who had been a witness, spoke to the Queen privately, and pointed out that the infaut prince had not been made a Christian in the proper way, and offered to call in her own chaplain — a Belgian priest — to baptise the child properly. This was agreed to by the Queen, and the baptism was performed accordingly, in the presence of two witnesses. Manifestly, this is a manufactured story, at the same time it shows how anxious the Church of Rome is to catch big game, and to make capital out of any incident that seems in any way to favour its pretensions. In another part of our columns will be found Mr. Rutledge's speech at the Orange demonstration on Sunday after noon, and we are glad that the Hall was filled with one of the largest audiences that such a demonstration has yet witnessed. The time has certainly come when plain speech on the subject of Romish aggression is abso lutely needed. In England the Romish Church is not progressing, although it has had for many years the influence of one of the most celebrated and astute statesmen of modern times. ' This is saying a great deal, but it is a fact nevertheless. And it is the same in these colonies in regard to pro gress, but the Cardinal and priests of Rome make a great noise* some times. At the same time the Pro testant element in our midst needs a thorough awakening, for if the Romish Church were once to gain political ascendancy in this colony it would fare ill with us all. Yet this is what it aims at, and seeks -by all the means in its power to obtain. We congratulate the Orangemen on having had a good time at their annual celebration, and bid them God-speed in their endeavour to awaken the people of these lands as to what Romanism and Papal supremacy really mean. Canadian Methodism must be pretty strong, as witness the following. On Sunday, May 3, the Evening Telegram of Toronto enumerated the worshippers in every place of worship in the city, morn ing and evening. The population in cluded is about 200,000, and the atten dance reached the large figures of 60,171 in the morning and 63,820 in the 'evening, making a total of 123,991. If the worshippers in the evening were to a large extent not the same persons as the worshippers in the morning, this gives a most satisfactory result. The practice of irregular attendance at churches is increasing, and perhaps few congregations can show at any one service 40 per cent, of those connected with it. Toronto showed 31 per cent, at each service, and this means that the number unconnected with any Christian Church is very small. The Methodists stand at the top, reporting the large figures of 36,655. They are followed oy me rresDycenans, wno report 2t-,047. The Anglicans come next with 21,916, the Roman Catholics with 19,703, and the Baptists with 10,074. The Congre gationalists have only 4,418, and the Salvation Army only 1,117. A census was taken by the Telegram eight years ago, when, as now, the Methodists headed the list, the Presbyterians fol lowed, and the Anglicans were a very good third. A striking feature is the great capacity of the churches. Many of them are seated for 2000 people, and audiences greatly exceeding a thousand are quite common. Among the Metho dists there are eleven Sunday congrega tions exceeding a thousand. Toronto and its ministers are heartily to be congratulated. The Christian Advocate (Belfast) in criticising an article in the Methodist Times concerning the death of ' Home Rule,' says :—'' A greater - right about face' than this we do not ever re member any religious journal to have made, except, perhaps, that of another English contemporary, which suddenly transformed itself from being a Unionist into a Home Rule organ, and now seems disposed to return to its first love. When we asserted that Home Rule meant Rome Rule we were laughed to scorn, and told that Home Rule always killed Rome Rule, Now, it is admitted that we were right, but what shall we say to the lack of brotherly feeling, not to mention the want of judgment which , refused to listen to our appeal in the day of our trouble ? What can we do except to express a wish to forget and forgive the past as speedily as possible, and to utter a hope that each of us will always remember the lessons we have thus learned? Altogether we cannot help saying in deepest gratitude, and without cant, ' This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes.' ' But elsewhere there seems to be a practically, united' opinion that for the present Home Rule is dead. Even the Nation, one of the ablest American journals which had been a passionate supporter of the question, says: — ' Since Mr. Gladstone's retirement, and the defeat of his Bill, Home Rule has been nothing but a pale ghost. The dissen sions among the Irish would have finished it even if Liberal interest in it had not been almost completely de stroyed by the large majority received, by the Tories after the' Lords had thrown it out. A measure that is certain not to be passed in the lifetime of anybody now in politics is not likely to remain in sight even in a party programme. No matter what anybody says, everybody knows that Home Rule is dead. Commenting upon Mr. Gladstone's, now famous letter to the Pope, one of the great London dailies says that its readers will 'have had their minds ? prepared by the articles of our Special Correspondent lately in Rome for the momentous declaration of Mr. Glad stone in favour of the unity of Christen dom. We say ' in favour of the unity of Christendom,' but it is as well to note that Mr. Gladstone's path to unity lies immediately by way of papal declar ation in favour of. the validity of Angli can orders. And wljat does ' validity ' mean ? The Pope, for whose action „ in instituting the Commission Mr. Gladstone has nothing but praise, and who is notoriously friendly to the High Anglican claims, would be most willing for the Commis sion, which has concluded its labours to declare that the Reformation had not affected the sacerdotal character of the Anglican clergy. In other words, the Anglican priesthood ought, in the Pope's and Mr. Gladstone's view, to be re garded as duly consecrated for the double purpose of effecting the change of the elements in the sacrament into' the body and blood of Christ and of remitting sins in confession. And now comes the second point. What would be the practical consequence of such an admission ? That, provided the Anglican baptism were declared to be valid, and, also, probably, that the question of jurisdiction were settled, Anglican priests could pass into the N Roman Catholic Church without reordination ; or, virtually, that the two orders would be .interchangeable. That is to say that both the essential doctrine and the organisation of the English and tbe Roman Churches would be declared one ' and that the entire Protestant move ment would be passed over as a curious impertinence. Transubstantiation would form the bridge to be thrown over the rocks that, to pursue Coleridge's and Byron's famous metaphor, were sun dered by the upheaval of the Reforma tion.' L6t it riot be supposed however for one moment, that the great Non conformist bodies of England, are thus easily to be shouldered out of the way. The ' Secretary of the Sustentatiori Society is visiting the Manning arid Macleay River circuits. ? - *** News has been received at the Mission House to the effect that in consequence of the serious condition of Mrs1 Andrew's health, Mr. and Mrs. Andrews will- be leaving New Guinea at once. . ''V' ????'? ?? ? . The address of Rev. F. Langham is now, Sunnyside, Fern-st., Randwick. 