LITERATURE. ' BOOKS UP TO DATE. London booksellers ore beginning to look as kance at anything or anybody on wheels. The cycling mania, thoy say, 13 seriously alTcctlng trade. Young ladles who used to sit contentedly among summer roses, or by winter firesides, ab- sorbed In the loves and griefs o t Imaginary heroes and heroines, are now scudding through the parks and squares with flcsh-and-blood Ed wins, who, on their side, spend all their spare cash on rotary. Instead of literary, equipment. True, there Is an Increased demand for works on cycling. But these are mostly Inexpensive handbooks, and don't count. They simply add fuel to the fire, set young England dreaming of rubber tires. Instead of leather bindings, and, hcigho! Its away to tho bicycle merchant's, and, as a saddened victim of the "tack" fiend sighed yesterday, "that's the way tho money goes." \- Still, tho colonial book trade fs flourishing, especially In fiction. Trilby's triumphal career is virtually ended, but Marie Corelll remains before the footlights, and the exit of Du Mau- rler's heroine makes no perceptlblo difference to the history of literary pyrotechnics. Among old favorites, '.'Lorna Doone," by II. D. Blackmore, Is. going. Into a 42nd edition. It has already bad a circulation of half a million copies In England alone, and the sales In America and the colonies have been proportionately large. "Lorna Doone" comes In tho list of legitimate successes, and stands on. Its merits. But its debut was a more than usually strong proof of the worthlessness of "booms" as a test of quality. Interest flick ered for a moment, except among genuine cri tics, and seemed nearly dead when Princess Louise married tho Marquis of Lome. Tho wedding took placo at the moment when Samp son, Low, tho publishers, had decided to give the now famous novel, another chance. This time the name "Lorna" caught the public fancy. In a fervor of British loyalty, and under a dim Impression that the dear, delightful Marquis, the bright particular star of the hour, might be figuring, alone and neglected, In its pages, tho book began to be asked for. And It has been asked for ever since. .The Juno magazines and reviews are a little dull. "Cosmopolls" holds its own bravely, how- over. Mr. Edmund Gosse contributes a bright and Interesting paper on current French litera ture, In addition to M. Faquet's article on the some subject which appears monthly, and Pro fessor Dowdcn rorstates the "case, against Goethe" by publishing his recent address to the "Goethe Society." The great German poet, he thinks, should never, for consistency's sake, have entorod the civil service of Weimar. To us the question appears a minor one. Tho fact that M. Franclsquo Sarcy Indulges In a fow sly hits at Mr. William Archer does not detract from the charm of his own easy, flowing French, nor from tho value of his commentary on the modern drama. If he speaks from the stage point of view, taking, perhaps, too little Into account the great drama of human life outside the footlights, and so limiting the roles, both In strength and number, that may legitimately be played behind them, why, e'est son metier, and, at Ioast, he "hits fair," and avoids personal bitterness. There Is a sort of good-humored yet appreciative Irony lnf his assertion that "a lack of Imagination pre vents his full enjoyment of Ibsen's 'Ghosts.' " .But by leaving out any question of "moral" In the "Doll's House" (even so delightful and keen a critic as M. Sarcy does not seem to have grasped the fact that Ibsen, like all true artists, ignores spiritual guide-books and ethical charts in- black and white), "ho flnds It 'une charmanto comedle';" and even "Ghosts" might be satis factory if properly "revised." John Oliver Hobbes's story falls below her usual mark. Professor Tyrrel's article in the "Fortnightly," wherein he attacks "Jude ' tho Obscure," Is weak. Whatever the demerits of Mr. Hardy's famous book, it Is worthy of bettor missiles than toy thunderbolts. All the maga zines, or nearly all put In tender pleas for Mr. Cecil Rhodes. Mr. Rhodes, according to Mr. Sey mour Fort, In the "Fortnightly," Is an ill-used anggj, whose complicity In the Jameson raid was an "error of judgment," a "technical breach of international law," Into which he was forced by Oom Paul's double dealings. Mr. Arnold Foster, in the "National Review," Is one of tho few dis sentients to this rosy view of things. He looks upon Mr. Rhodes In all the naked simplicity of a Prime Councillor who has violated an oath, aided a Becret organisation for his own purposes, and used fraud to keep the whole thing from the knowledge of the home Government. We have received from George Robertson and Co. three or four usoful technical works, neatly bound, of general rathor than exhaustively detail ed character, and inexpensive In form. Besides "Made in Germany," by E. E, Williams, reviewed last week, we notice "Toy-malting for Amateurs," by James Lukln, B.A. (L. Upcott Gill), a series of Instructions for the home construction of simple wooden toys, and cf others that are moved or driven by weights, clockwork, steam, electricity, etc.; and "A Manual ot Mending and Repairing," by Charles Godfrey Leland, published by Chatto and Wlndus, with diagrams, dealing with particu larly useful branches of tho repairer's art; such as'mendlng glass, china, and brick and tllo work, repairing panel pictures and woodwork with shav ings, rostoring books, manuscripts, and papers that have been ravaged by bookworms or silver 'fish, mending stonework and mosaics, metal-work, leather-work, amber, mother of pearl, India-rub ber shoes, hats, blankets, laces and embroideries, and numberless other articles and fabrics, both necessary and purely ornamental. "Pig-keeping for Profit," by W. J. Maldon. appears In the "Vil- lage Library," a series published In plain, suit- able style by ICegan, Paul, Trench, and Co. "So cial Observances," a series of essays on practical etiquette, by "Au Fait" (Frederick Warne and Co.) deals with everything under that boad, from coming Into the world with due propriety to going out of It with the same decorum. Following upon Mark Twain's half-humorous, half- admlrlng, but wholly Inartistic hotch-potch of history and romance, Mrs. OUphant's "Jeanne d'Aro," the latest addition to tho "Heroes of the Nations" Beries, edited by Evelyn Abbott, M.A., of Oxford, and published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, brings at least a pleasing sense of deliverance from literary conundrums In connection with the s Warrior Maid. Tho narrative Is simple, neatly and carefully put together, and neither over-dif fuse nor marred by the serious historical inaccu racies that marked the same writer's "Child's History of Scotland." Tho book is carefully illus trated, and wears tho usual handsome livery of the series. "Tho XlXth Century Classics," edi ted by Clement Shorter, and published by Ward, Lock, and Bowden, are enriched by another vol ume, "Alarlc at Rome, and other Poems," by Matthew Arnold. "Alarlc," "Cromwell," "The Strayed Reveller," and "Empedocles on Etna " find a place here besides "Tristram and Iseult," the "Sonnet to tho Hungarian Nation," "Sohrab and Rustum," and most of the shorter poems. In the oxcellent Introduction to this edition, Rich ard Garnett, C.B., LL.D., sums up tho claims of Matthew Arnold as a poet on tho regard and ad miration of tbiB and succeeding generations in a few clear, well-chosen sentences. "If," he says, 'wo were called upon to indicate Arnold's place upon the roll of English poets, by comparison with one of acoepted fame, we should seek his nearest parallel In Gray. Both are academic poets, the dominant note of each Is a tender and appealing pathos, each possessed a refinement of tasto which in somo measure degenerated into fas tidiousness, and tended to limit a productiveness not originally exuberant. If they aro to be judged by their strongest performances, tho palm must Indisputably be given to Gray, for Aruold has nothing that can be equalled with the immortal Elegy. If, on the other hand, diversity of excel lence is to bo the criterion, ho infinitely surpasses his prototype; who would, howaver, have written much more and oven better, if ho had enjoyed 'Arnold's unspeakable advantage of living after tho second great age of English poetry, instead of .before It." Whore Mr. Garnett touches upon Arnold's weaker side, he Is at his best. Tenny son's brilliancy. Browning's "Intense etching," fado, In the case of Matthew Arnold, Into ihe frai ler charm of a "delicate water color," his lyric gift, as Froude remarks, into "tho poetry of well- written, elegant prose." This Is more than a mere defect;' it is an absence of quality, which we aro disposed tp regard oven more seriously than Mr. Garnett. But if culture, delicacy, grace, pathos, and Intellect, can prescrvo a namo from oblivion, then will Matthew Arnold live. Had Mr. Augustlno Blrrell allowed his ex tremely pleasant papers and essays to remain scat tered through tho many journals and magazines to which they have given an added grace, he would have done tho public a wrong, and himself an Injustice. Wo are pleased, tliercforo, to meet with them In collected form under the title of "Res Judlcatae" (Elliot Stock). They mostly take the form of literary criticism; but such go nial, cheery, chatty, ingle-nook sort of criticism, that you forget It Is criticism at all, and trust that If you should over delight tho heart or your dearest enemy by writing a book tho kindly eye and pen ot Mr. Blrrell may soothe that enemy's savago soul, and draw tho penitential tear. In the "Foreign Statesmen" scries wo have "Philip Augustus," by Dr. Ilolden Hutton (Macmlllan and Co.), who In taking this hero from twelfth century France, undertakes no light task, the France of thoso days being little more than a cypher among tho European States, whose true history had yet to be written. "Revolution and Counter-Revolu tion" (Swan, Sonnenseheln, and Co.) Is a series ot articles bv Karl Marx; now, after forty- five years, for tho first time collected and printed In book form. They are a pendant, Eloancr Marx- vellng, the editor, tells us, to Marx's work on the coup d'otat of Napoleon III. ("Dor Achtzente Brumairc des Louis Buonaparte"), and were writ- ton In 1851-2, when he had been about eighteen months In England, and was living with his wife and family In two rooms in Doan-stroet, Soho, after being driven for ten years from pillar to post, mostly by tho Prussian Government. These letters, dealing with tho Insurrectionary political upheaval In the German States, In full forco at the period of publication, first appeared In the New York "Tribune," and gained for Marx the post of regular London correspondent for that paper. "Burdett's Hospitals and Charities" for 189G, pub lished In London by the Scientific Press Agency, In New York, by "Scrlbner's," and In Boston and Chicago by D. C .Heath and Co., contains the usual yearly "review of tho position and require ments, and chapters on ihe management, revenue, and cost of tho charities, and an exhaustive resord of hospital work for tho year." It Is also a guide to British, American, and colonial hospitals and asylums, medical schools and colleges, religious and benevolent Institutions, dispensaries, and nursidg and convalescent Institutions. Henry C. Burdctt, the compiler of these voluminous re cords, Is the author of many works >m the world's great charities, and a well-known expert In all such matters. "Maemlllan's Colonial Library" continues. In the department of fiction, to pour forth Its trea sures so lavishly as to suggest a possible danger of holding them too lightly. For here the disdain ful brace of adjectives, "cheap" and "nasty" are poles asunder. The covers may be ot paper, hut tho material between them is of tho best. Three late additions to tho series, forwarded through George Robertson and Co., are "Desperate Re medies," by Thomas Hardy, "Tartarln on tho Alps," by Alphonse Daudet, and another Balzac novel, "La Grande Bretecho and other Stories." "Desperate Remedies" was the first novel Mr. Hardy ever wrote, and is dated about 19 years ago, long before he began to wrestle with tho social problems presented to our notice In "Tess o' the D'urbevllies" or "Jude the Obscure." Yet It is to his later work as the aprlnglng blade to the ripened corn. Hardy, doubtless; but an imma ture, an unfinished Hardy; rich in promise, bear ing many evidences of latent strength, but a Hardy who has not lived his full life, not yet "missed the man's joy, gained the artist's sor row." "Tartarln on the Alps" Is the same Tar tarln who wont to hunt the Hon In Africa in days gone by; and returned In a blaze of borrowed glory. But he, too, has grown older; or maybe tho climate Is depressing to the merldlanal tem perament, and Ice-axe, alpenstock, and cram pons are less congenial emblems of enjoyment than turban, gun, and patent tent. Be the reason what it may, tho Tartarln of the Jungfrau lies less glibly, laughs less jovially. Is fooled less blithely than the Tartarln of Algiers. His literary joints creak a -little, so to speak. But it Is only a sur face difference. He Is delightful, all the same. Of the Balzac collection, "La Grando Breteche" Is the strongest, and "La Fausse Maitresso" the most subtle and pathetic study. "Israel Mort, Overman: A Story of tho Mine," published by Hutchinson and Co., and forwarded through George Robertson and Co., is the best and most forcible novel John Saunders has yet given us. Israel, himself tho overman. or sub- manager, strong, silent, ambitious, sometimes revengeful, but never mean, hiding every stray gleam of affection under a cloak of imponetrablo reserve, yet capable of real tenderness. Is a fas cinating study. Ills more Imaginative boy, who regards the plt'3 mouth as tho en trance to the infernal regions, yet Is forced to don tho miner's garb with the rest, tho pale sub- tnlsslvo mother and tho group of miners and su perior officials who coraploto the picture, if brought less vividly before us than the central figure, form a thoroughly harmonious back ground. Israel's feud with the sometime pro prietor, and the scenes in the flooded mine, are not unworthy of the author of "Germinal." John Blckerdyko has used much superfluous padding In "Lady Val's Elopement" (Hutchinson and Co.). His "asides" are terribly boring. And the story itself is ponderous and confusing. Lady Val is driven away from home with a brother, whom her husband mistakes for a lover. There upon ensues a string of misfortunes and com plications, in which many uninteresting people take part. There is a double, or, rather, a quad ruple, wedding In tho end; but by the time page 39G is reached, a funeral would be equally wel come. "These reminiscences of the early days of Melbourne." writes Rolf Boldrewood, in a few prefatory lines — "Melbourne, a city which, as a family, we helped to found — awakened, when flpqt miVil IcTiarl In + Vi r» Anliitrina /i f Ilia 'Analrn- lasian,' an amount of general interest most gratifying to tho writer." He Is alluding to his own "Early Melbourne Memories." a series of sketches now collected into one volume, and published In Maemlllan's Colonial Library (cloth binding), and of which the interest, far from abating, is enhanced by the Intervening lapse of half a century. Melbourne in 1840 calls up memories of days wheq the eastern portion of Collins-street was known as "tho way to tho Plenty," a rivulet "on tho banks of which still abode certain cheerful young agricultural aris tocrats, who had not had time quite to ruin themselves;" when John Pascoe Fawkner haunt ed Its western end of tho principal thorough fare, and a whole tribe of blacks might he seen driven along It by troopers, "on their way to the temporary gaol, there to be Incarcerated for real or fancied violence." "But," adds the chroni cler, "the philanthropist may console himself With tho knowledge that they burrowed under their dungeon slabs, and, I think, escaped. If not, they were released next day." "Rolf Bol drewood" does not confine himself to descrip tions of the city. "The Far West," "Dunmoro," "Squattlesea Mere," "Grasmere," "Portland Bay," "Old Port Fairy," and other well-known places have chapters to themselves, and there 13 plenty of narrative of a personal kind. Real names aro used, but as tho spirit of good comradeship prevails throughout, this rather heightens than detracts from the general effect. Vols. .VII. and VIII. of Chambers's new Ency clopaedia bring us up to "roum" alphabetically. Tho first six volumes have alroady been noticed lu these columns. Volume VII. contains maps ot Now South Wales. New Zealand, and Pales tine. and special articles on a variety of sub jects. Mr. J. F. I-Iogan has somothlng to say about Melbourne, and Mr. James Bonwlck deals with this colony. Then wo have exhaustive trea tises on music, painting, meteorology, etc., not forgetting a comprehensive history of the rise and progress of newspapers by James Burnley. Tho maps In volume VIII. are of Queensland and tho Roman Empire. Among the more strik ing of the articles are thoso on pessimism, phil ology, photography, police, prisons, and reli gion. 