A French Haunted House, (From Our Exchanges.) PAIZIS, June 28. If the reports published in the Paris press are to be credited, a house at Valence-en-Brie, near Montereau. is the scene of curious phenomena, or :of the exploits of a very clever practical joker. It appears that the supposed ghosts,instead of making their presence felt at night, do so in broati daylight- it is said generally about six o'clock. Though they upset furniture, open locked doors, shatter windows, and generally behave in a most boisterous fashion, what creates the greatest astonishment is the voice which shouts out all sorts of frivolous remarks, mingled with abuse and insults. This voice has been heard not only by the inmates of the house, the family Le begue, and by the little servant Isa belle Peletier, but also by some :gend :armes, who were summoned to dis 'cover the ghost or practical joker. 'When they arrived the voice, according tto the declaration of the Police Com missary, interviewed by the "Eclair" reporter, greeted them by shouting "Alh, you had better get out of here, you with your dirty boots." The Police Commissary is, however, very far from believing in any super natural manifestation, and all the more so because no voice was heard while he and 'hs policemen occupied the house during a whole evening and night. !Madame Lebegue, who is an invalid, is, of course, much disturbed by all the noise, but the persons who hear it most often are her daughter Charlotte and the young servant.. The "Eclair" re porter was told that the other day Madame Lebegue, in her bed, said she was thirsty;, and that immediately the voice shouted, "Charlotte, Charlotte, your mother wants something to drink." The little girl, it seems, is not in any way alarmed at the voice, which she hears constantly. As for the servant, the "Eclair" reporter says she seems to be on almost friendly terms with the voice, and that the only thing that an noys her is that she has to put the furniture in order after it has been all thrown about by some invisible agency. The person who is the most persecuted by the voice is young Lebegue, a lad of fifteen. It is said that when the voice was questioned by him it replied, "I am Prince Visky. I belong to a high Russian family," and whenever anyone enquires where he is, the voice invari ably replies, "I am at Marseilles." To the objection that in that case he is not at Valence-en-Brie, the answer comes, 'Oh, that is no matter. I can be an. vlarseilles and here too." Dr. Pate, who attends Madame Le begue, has heard the -voice, and is one of those who seem to be the most im oressed by its unaccountable character. In relating his experience to the 'Eclair" reporter, he said: "I have heard the voice myself, and that several times like everybody else here. It used most violent and insulting expressions. Every time 1 heard it I advanlced towards the corner, the wall, or the spot whence the voice seemed to issue, but 1 could never discover anything, although I made minute searches to find a. crack, a bole, or opening through which it might have reached my ears. You will admit that is strange. And how can you explain the furniture upset in hermeti cally closed rooms? And please note the fact that, of the panes of glass that have been shattered, all were not ex posed to stones thrown from outside. Some of them are in a passage which could not be reached from out of doors. I must confess there is something in the affair, but what it is I cannot imagine." M. Delorme, a. neighbour, ha.s also frequently hea.ld the voice. 'Thougn he cannot discover who it is, he is inclined to believe it must be the trick of a ventriloqulst. As for the furniture so often thrown about, he thinks that it must be the work of some practical joker, though he has not yet been dis covered. In the meanwhile, however, the excitement created at. Valence-en Brie by the mysterious voice and upset furniture has spread to Paris, where the public, kept informed by the journals, are not satisfied with the declaration of the Police Commissary, who says it must be the work of a. practical joker. If that is the case, and as there is some disturbance of public order, it is the duty of the police t.o arrest the perpe trators, and not indulge in idle talk. It is certain that it would be more satisfactory if the Police Commissary, insteaid of simply saying that it must be a. practical joker, could succeed in laying his hand on him. Judy 1. The "haunted" house at Valence-en Brie, referred to in the "Standard"' of June 29, has been visited by very numerous writers on the Paris press. Some of them are simple reporters, who have contented themselves with gather ing information and relating it in a more or less embellished form in their respective journals: but others are more intellectual men, who have not only questioned those living in the house and ncighbourhood-with the object of malting "copy"-but have sought, eon scientiously to discoverl tlhe mystery of the voice which, in broad daylight, con tinues to address almost every one who enters AM. Lebegue's house. Among the latter is M. Henry Desormeaux, of the "Gaulois." He says he interrogated all those who had witnessed the strange events of which M. Lebegue's house was and is still the, scene.In addition to the inmates of the house,he questioned Dr. Pate, M. Garset, formerly Mayor of Valence-en-Brie, M. Lombard, the schoolmaster, M. Hanot, etc. After minutely searching the house, and a prolonged investigation, during which he on several occasions heard the mysterious voice, M. H. Desormeaux has now returned to Paris, "convinced that we are in presence of real and impressive manifestations of those un known forces of man, the existence of which was recently brought to light by the works of M. de Rochas and Doctor Baraduc." The writer in the 'Gaulois" sets aside as impossible the hypothesis of a prac tical joke, as the mysterious manifes tations he investigated had already lasted during seventeen consecutive days in broad daylight, and often in the presence of several persons. Summing up the most characteristic of these manifestations, M. Desormeaux says: "On Wednesday, June 10, Isabelle, the young servant, goes down into the cel lar to fetch some chips to light a fire. Her candle goes out, and while she con tinues filling her apron with the chips 'she hears a violent blow struck close beside her. At the same time, she per ceives in the dim light a red rag flutter ing in the air, as if carried by a miys 'terious invisible hand. She is frightened and wants to run away, but she is, so to say, petrified with terror by an awful roar. On the following days a voice is heard, at first very weak, but gaining strength little by little till it resembles the hoarse voice of the giant of the fair. Every day the voice ascends. It is heard at the cellar door, then in the 'kitchen, and soon In the hall and in the rooms of the house. It posts itself at the bedside of the invalid, Madame Lebegue, insults Dr. Pate, and jeers at the gendarmes who come to inspect the premises. That voice is heard every where. It issues from the ground, from the chimney, from under the dishes on the dining table; it accompanies M. Lebegue's son into his bedroom, and M. Lebegue's little daughter follows it from the first storey down to the bottom of the cellar, where it seems to be stifled in a heap of wood. On Monday, June 22, at 7.0 p.m., all the panes of the hall window are broken one after the other, not with missiles from without, but from within, as shown by the shat tered glass being outside. On Thurs day, June 25, during a thunderstorm, all the furniture in the drawing-room Sn thl gre ind floor is upset. On the first floor, in young Lebegue's L-edroom, a looking lass is pierced as by a bullet. It is at that moment the voice says, in presence of M. Daniel d'Aigre, of the 'Journal,' 'Well, I ha.ve done a good job. I am pleased with myself.' The next morning I am in the hall with two visi tors; the servant is in the garden speak ing to another person, when I hear at, the cella.r door the mysterious roar like the monstrous amplification of a sigh of regret." M. Henry Desormeaux appears to think that the intentional or uninten tional cause of all these mysterious manifestations is the young servaLnt, Isabelle Pelletier. In other houses tin which she previously served, at Sens and at Valence, things were upset without any apparent cause, while she was present or not far off. To explain his hypothesis. M. Desormeaux invokes the researches of M. de Rochas and of Dr. Baraduc, who think they have dis covered the existence in man of a fluid enveloping him, which fluid in its nor nmal condition is impalpable and in visible, but which under certain condi tions is exteriorised and materialised, and rendered capable of impregna.ting inert objects to the extent of imparting to them a sort of life. In that case the objects become,so to say, a prolongn tion of the person's body, and when he moves they follow him. Taking this theory for granted, M. Desormea.nx ar gues tha.t it is possible that the contact with an object pregnant with contrary electricity may determine a. return cur rent occasioninlg the displaicement of objects. It is thus he accounts for the shattering of windows, etc. TVith rie gard to the voice, which cannot be ex plained in that manner, M. Desormeaux enugires whether it is not possible that the exteriorised vital power is not. seized upon bIy somne spirit with which, according to the Kabbalists and modern. occulists, the air is peopled. 'Though maost me endowed with prac tical common sense will be inclined to reject M. Desormeaux's explanatlon of the mysterious maniftestations at Va lence-en- Brie, it must be admitted they are ingenious. In a letter dated yesterday, and ad dressed to the editor of the "Journal," Abbe Schnebelin declares be has put an end to the mysterious manifestations which had for so very many days dis turbed the peace of M. Lebegue's house, The Abbe's explanation of how he suc ceeded in freeing the halunted house from the mysterlious voice, etc., is ex tremely vagne, and almost as mysteri oils as the manifestation's themselves. It is, however, clear that he did not procee(d to drive out the evil spirit in. conformity with Wle rites of the Roman Catholic Church, becanuse he discovered the author of the manifestations was a human being, who bore ill-will to the Lebegue family. Who he is the Abbe does not say, but he declares that, on the urgent request of M. Lebegue, he commenced on Monday to break the occult forces operating at Vtlence-en Brie from a distance. He, says that at ten o'clock in the evening he had so far succeeded that the voice said, "Good night ;I am going away for ever." At one o'clock M. Lebegue brought to Abbe Schnebelin a stone which had just: been thrown by the unseen agency. The Abbe at once measured its fluidic energy by the barometer, and found it at least one hundred degrees less than his own. He adds-"From that mo ment the occult and sinister mystifielor was my prisoner. I had but to crush, him, which I did immediately." This feat was not accomplished by the Abbe while he was at Valence-en-Brie, but; while he was at Paris. His letter pub-, lished to-day proceeds:-"I declare in all sincerity there is absolutely nothing supernatural in these strange pheno mena. In these manifestations there is nothing but the operation of spiritist fluids, which seemed to be allied to the electric fluids. These spirist fluids are, so to say, the vehicle by which the hu man will exteriorises itself-that is to say, sends to a distance its motive power, as the Russian savant Aksakof says, its sensibility, its speech, its hearing, and event its phantom. I will add that these actions of exteriorisation are extremely dangerous for the au thor. There is danger of death for him if his exteriorised fluid meets on the way a contrary fluid. The Abbe then concludes by reproaching the scientific men of the institute with refusing to enquire into these matters lest they should meet with the supernatural. They, however, he says, possess the elements of discoveries much more astounding than those of the telephone and phonograph. 