' PLAIN GIRLS EVER BECOME PRETTY." - The answor is?, not always. .Sometimes A girl of ordinary looks growa into a most ' fascinating woman, and, if net . absolutely bsantiful, may claim to be goodlooking. How often the tall, bony, awkward girl — the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family -J-develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman! The bony limb3 have rounded themselves, plump soft flush has filled up unsightly hollows, the squareness and angularity are departed, and the budding woman is delicately proportioned as Yenua. Just no the plain girl of seventeen may hi 'time become the attractive young lady of twenty-fourorso. A face frh-.t- ia «»vly youtb ia blank and devoid -'of expression: oftou changes considerably as the girl grows older, giving to th.? features a beauty that was not traceable.before. Be-iuty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play ssrious havoc with a handsome face ; and not these alone, for Mature, of her own accord, sometimes erasea the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self. The features are not altered so much as the ex pression, and expression has a deal to do with the beauty of countenance. In facr, a plain f-iceowes much of its uuattracriveness to its lack of expression—there is a heaviness and stolidity about it ; whs-ro^s a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation,: Lr,~ a graceful airiness and ease that adds greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens ihere is hope of to-ti'vtion, for as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transformation. With the de velopment of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How ofcen one hears the remark "among friends, meeting after some foiv ye-'.rs of absence, 'How you jjavG altered; I really shouldn't have known y«>j.' Pinisi girls, therefore, are not always plain : and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks .and general attractiveness. THE IDEAL nUSBAND. All my fair correspondents seem to dread in marriage the demand for obedience. Goalie readers, you noc-u not be ia the. ieaifc alarmed ; or, rather, you may recognise at once, for youv comfort, that there are many things in which a husband must have his own way, and as many in which yoa must have yours. Consider, if you please, that the man cut and at work all day long ; it: the even ing ho wants a calm, well- regulated home or a little sreiety. Tfeme-nhar alro that the most ideal of all men will still retain the masculine love of a dinner daintily served and well prepared—I never yet knew a man worth his sale who was iiidiuoteuii to his dinner : and remember that tiic most ideal husband in the world wiil still retain the masculine desire that his wife shall bo always well dressed and looking her best and bright est. If he is (successful it ia hia.wife who re ceives the harvest of his labors. Remember what he does for you—it is his obedience to you that makes htm work so hard ; and then, I think, you wiil not grudge that little study of a few things, mostly trifWp, which he asks of you. Obedience 1 What obedience can rh-j wife render to a husband—I mean a true and worthy husband, not a tyrant or a bully —to compare with the life-long obedience which he gives to her, whan ho works on and on through the long and hot day, never wearying or complaining, happy only when Fortune -rives him treasures to pour into the 1 ]:\r) of the housewife.— 'Waller Basant in tho " Queen,'1 SECOND WIYES. I Those who are about to become second wives may bo interested to hear what a lady writer has to say on the subject. 'Tour position,' she remarks, ' calls for some tact. You are at a disadvantage of having a standard to live up to.'' There is always tho first wifs for your husband to compare you with. It is i:v your own hands entirely Trhsther that comparison is unfavorable or not. Try and find out, as far as you can, what the first wife was really like, or, still better, what her husband thought she was like. Copy all her good points, and avoid her bad ones. .Don't fall into the absurdity of being jealous of her memory. After all, you have taken her place, she has not taken yours. Don't discourage the mention of her name. It is a great deal better for your husband to talk about her openly than to have to dwell upon her in his thoughts secretly. If she has left children, do your duty by them as a sacred charge, and try your utmost to give them love, not only duty. II'-member that they are your husband's children. Love them for his sake, even if you Stid .it hard to love them for their own. If you hive little ones yourself, make no difference between your treatment of them and your step-chil j disn. . There are several points in which you can take comfort, even if you . would have J preferred to be your husband's first choice. : He. has- already boon trained into husband 1 hoed for you by his first wife. You haven't ' that to do for, yourself. He will value you all the more highly, because he has known the sorrow of losing a wife. If she was a good ona he will ba grateful to you fur replacing her. If bad, ho will probably thank you all the more. THE LEAP YEAR WOMAN. The Leap Year woman, says a writer in the I •' Gentlewoman," possesses one striking idiosyncrasy, or shall I say peculiarity 1 She appears to think that it is always Leap Year. Take her behavior towards the opposite sex— this confession of facts is exceed ioglyripparont, for she ptoutses out of due Reason, and, if chocked, laughingly covcrs her confusion by pre tending that the whole thing was a joke, and that she imagined it was Leap Year. lres, thsre are women who propose. One well-known man in London has been proposed to seven times by the same girl, "and lia; always found himself obliged to refuse the honor. Another girl, now married, stated r.rerJy that she only accepted her present hu.-ib'iud because the man she vrauted to marry j refused to marry hsr. TOILET HINTS. " What is yctir sex's earliest asd latest care, i'our heart's supreme ambition? To be fair." A useful curling fluid for the hair is made by melting r. small piece of beeswax (about the size of a nutmeg) in loz, of pure olive oil. To perfume it, add two or three drops of otto of roses, lavender, or any favorite scent. Moisten the hr.ir slightly with tht3 prepara tion befo re putting in the curling pins or j papers. , A very satisfactory wash for the hair is j inada by powdering up half ;;u ounce of c.im Tihoi- and an ounce of biirax. Dissolve in a quart of boiling water. Use as required when col,-. To powder the hair, without using grease, try the following method : Having dressed tho hair upon rolls or cushions in tho desired ntyle, prepare a hither of white soap, which pass over the hair and at once powder wiih ordinary flour. A flour dredger is tho bssfc thing to use. 'To remove the powder, wash the hair in Wnrm water. Wii en tho hands are stained do not use I soap, which more often than not renders the stains more difficult of removal, but emnloy common salt. Use it in the same way as you w•■>•.!!•! soap, and you wiil Sad tho marks •.j'ikkly c!is\j>pe«v. Soft and white hands are the admiration of To fc,vp them i-j di'riiii-' the trylu? winter season mix together equal'qu- mtities of eats do ^Cologne and glycerine. At night, on re tirii.g, trash the hands welt r.nd dry thoroughly, then pour a liillo of the ab>ve mixture into the palm, and rub the same gently over the hands and wrists. The Czaeixa Forbids the Cigarette.— There has been a tremendous flutte? in Hus fian Court circles anent the order of the Czarina commanding that none of her Ladies in Waiting are to smoke cigarettes. Russian ladies are inveterate smokers, and tho Do wager-Czvdna is said to have favored the habit herself. The young Empress, however, has a perfect detestation of seeing a cigarette in r. woman's mjuth, and, infac:,"a!so objects to the habit of smoking in men. Indeed, since his marriage his Imperial Majesty has not been nearly so devoted to tho well-known meerschaum pipe so familiar t© ail the Rus sian Court. The Czarina inherits her abhor rence of tobacco from her mother, tfc * amented Princess Alice. 