.PE0P1E PROMINENT. ?MR. HAEKY PHHMH!, who is^ arinounoed to play Harold Wilson (the juvenile load in ' Tommy Atkins ') undor Mr.' Rignolds management at the Tbeatro Royal, has. like most of tho young men who havo oomo to tho front, climhod tbo Udder by sheer pluek and per Boveranco. Years ngo tbo writor romomhois him as a boy rooiting in Wellington, New Zealand. Even nt that timo Plimmor gavo proniiso of doing welt in tbo profession lio was intended for, und nobody wbo knew, him was in .the slightest degroe surprised whon bo threw iip his billet with the Wellington Har bor Board to make a bee-line for Sydney and fame It was a bold stroko, for ho could have remained v? 1th' tlio Harbor Board all 'bis lifo, and would doubtless havo in time died in tbo odor of sanotily and a comfprtablo enmpotenoo. But tho blood was hot in tho'voins, and the stage bad oliiimod him for its own. Arrived in Sydnoy, he boldly ap'p'roaoliod Ada Ward, who was thon running tho Opera House. Shogavo him tho part of Richard Jlaro in ' East Lynno,' said part being known gouorally to Ibo profession as tho biggoBt lottor anybody oould well tackle. Ho also played in ' Tlio Woman in Rod ' and an Aus tralian pieco called ' Bright Hopos.' Hero bo oiporioncod what all actors do at one period or anothor, namely, tho occasional un reliability of tho theatrical ghost. This didn't daunt him, Iiowovor, for bowout along to tlio Standard and played thopartof Carltou in 'Tho Mystery of a HanaomCub' with tho lato II. C. Sydney and Alioo' Norton. Thon bo wont for a two yeais tour with Charlio Taylor. Bland Holt board of him, and tho uousoquoucu wus an oightoeu inoulb'i engage ment with that most exoellout of mauagors. Ho then tried a tour on bis own, but as tho era of land tax and prosperity had not then aot iu, tho lour waR a frost. A abort fioanon with Baker and Norman, and then with Baker and Hono, brought him along to the time ho joined Dampier, with whom ho stayod for six monlhs as loading heavy. Wlion Iho Dampier season finished he tourod New Zealand with Myra Kemble's company. Oil bis return Goorgo Riguold gavo him a long engagement, during which timo ho thoroughly established hiinsolf as n ronognised Sydnoy favorite. When Mr. Rignold wont lo England ho playod for a time with tbo Wonda-Marahall manage ment at Her Majesty's, but wont ovor to tbo Royal to play Koaloy Rdndalo iu ,' The Work Girl,' under C. B. Westmaoott's regim6. With Mr. Woatmacott bo wont to Melbourne nnd estnbllahod himself in that oity ns a favorite, ospeaially as tbo Spldor in ' Tho SiWor King.'1 At Ibo conolueiou of tho Westmacott season Mr. Rignold rotnrned from England with 'Oboor, Boys, Cboor,' 'Tommy Atkins,' and otlior pieoen. Plimmor re-joined him and opened as Captain Fitz Davis in 'Cheor, Boys, Choor.' For this ho gol much piaisa from thu Press, but his orowniug triumph was the part of Harold Wilson iu ' Tommy At kins,' in which he mado such a hit that he can always bo sure of a warm wolcomo in Mel bourne. He plays the saiuo part horo to morrow night at tbo Koyal and thoro is little doubt but what ho will repeat his previous success. Not only with tho public but with tho profession 'as woll Plimmor is popular. Ho has a fine Btago preBonoe, mobile features, and n. oloar ringing voice whioh can bo hoard all over tbo house. Whatovor ho does ia marked by aa.ro and intolllgonoo. London papers to band announce that ' Charloy's Auit' ia to bo wltUdrawu ou December 21. After on abBeneo of five yoara DavlA M'Andrew tbo ' oldest living Scottish comedian.' ia buck la Brisbane. ' Tho Dan Barry company was nt Tamwortb on Wednesday and Thursday, working overland to Briabano. ? .... Fitzgerald Brothers ciroua Is tourlug the South, Australian provinooB. ' The show opoua in Adelaido ou Boxing Nit-ht. ' Mr. Qeorge I*auri and Miss Marietta Naah (Mrs, Lnnrl) played la Mr. Hoyt's first successful plooo, ' A Bunch of Keys,' whioh ran for eight yeara In America. Mr. Loonl Clarke, MTho Cat Klnft,' who per forms with n troupe of birds and animals, has been Imported for the Princess's Theatre (Melbourne) pantomime. Tho Now South Waloa Cyclists' Union enter lainod tbo Intorci^dnl representatives nt n per furmanoo of ' (Jailed Uaok,' nt the Theatre Koyal, ou Thursday evening, A At a Xiondou ('otiuty Court tbo othor (lay Willlo Bdoulii, otherwiao William B. Bryer, had members of his orchestra. Mr. Thomas P. Hudson had a warm wolcomo back to Calcutta. Ilia company and programme appear to bo much appreciated. Thu Gourlays especially cowo iu for muoh praiso. A vory old aotor. Mr. J. B. Howe, recently had a benefit at tlio BriUnnln. Theatre, London, lie appeared an JUclmrd tho Third, whioh character he playod In the saino theatre 40 years previously. Somo Idea of tlio suocona of ' Two Uttlo Yum. bonus' nt tbo Priocean Theatre, London, nay'ba gnthorod from tho announoeinont that duiiug tbo Christinas holidays there will bo a lnatfnoo evory day. ? Tbo buttons on Mr. Harry Conor's uniform as Napoleon fn 'A Milk 1711110 Pine ' wero thoso'of a volunteor flro brigade. 'Standard Brewery' would have beon iu keeping with tho warlike propensities of the lianaome Uunrda. - The clover and cnorgotio J. O. Bain, who hns qniokly taken up a leading position na a comic vocnlixt, senuB afanit a four pago leaflet containing tntivoNcirZealnlulp°pors!BnO °'° r0!a ropr-)s8n' 'Tho Sign of tho Cross' has b'oori tortiiwl ' sometbltifr between a penny dreadful nnd a story of the Religious Tract Societv.' Tim services of 1 some of tbo bost blgb- klokorii'ju London havo bnen utilised in it. HlnU-kicklng with a veuoor o£ ptoty Jtl»8 Nellie Koid, a elovor horsowoman, hero ono timo with Cliiarinl'a Circus, but now with Barnum nnd llniley's Bhoiriu the States, is roturnhw to Australia to opon a riduu; ncliobi for lndfes. Miaa Reid has a sistur horo 'itIio camo out vrith tho ' Tambour iUajor ' company. ? i Mr. Harry llooth, Auatralin's ohampion concer tina player, is in Drisbauo, nccordiug to a local paper. He will give a private exhibition of his powers. Excellent I Tho concertina should, with scarcely any exception, bo alwara plavod In tho seclusion or tbo cellar underneath the castle moat. Leschotitslty, Fadoretvski's teacher, onnnot be induood to t&Uo; more than three or four punils a dny, and hia terms aro rather less than a gui'nea a. lesson. Ho will teach only thoso who poBaes3 unqucBtioued talont nud liavo . acnuired a good tcnliuiquo under the tuition of aomo of his former pupils. . ?? Wiih tho oonolnslon of tbo Pottor-Bollew soasou Mcsoro. WillinmBOu nnd Muagrovo transfer- thoir lutoroBt from tho Lycoum Thuatre to Her Mnjosty'B. Tlio former hns boon leased by Mr. Oontoher.and the latter by Mr. Westmnebtt until sneb time us tho' linn' is rnndv to tuko octivo control of It, whioh will most likdlv bo about Easter uoxt.- : ' Queensland SroitTSHiif snys: 'A sugceBtion to future artists wbo tnko tbo part of Trilby in a bur lonqno in the play of the aumo name : Why not ' taio off; Trilby's jiednl oxtreraitloa by making them ill ahapen nud abnormally larire by nrtifleial meanB. with a plentiful nronth of bunions, coma, ic,' Bunions, eorna, 4o. 1 AVhae, &c; f Chilblains and in.growinK toe-nails ? The Bishop of Newcastle patronised Mr.' Dan Barry's bonaflt performance for tho Stooktoo Disaster Puna at tho Victoria Theatre, Newcastle. There wns an Indifferent house, and iu the course of a speech Mr. Barry oxproBsed the opinion that he didn't think such a tbinir could lumpen nnr whero but in Nowcaatle. ' Tho most impressive apoctnclo evor seen on the Sydney stngn wns Mrs. Waltor Hill, as Mailamo Knquin, sitting in tbo wliool- chair during the fourth net of ' Theresa,'' nt the Lyceum. Para lysed in every limb, sho sat there while the two murderers reoriiuinntod eaoll other, following their moveinents with her cyes—a very skeleton at tho feast of lust nnd orimc. A certain mnnnger was grnmbling t« a certain star about tho cla^s of piecoa liroducetl. nud lumerit'ea tho fact that thoy didn't araw^ 'Whore, upon. tho stnr cniistfcnlly Blignested that it didn't tend to popularise cither the nieooB or the oom puny when a trusted employee of that manager had boen heard rit another tbeatro In town running down the Bhovr. Thou thoro was a merry -five lninuteB for tho omployue. ' , lira. Potter writes to the Ihouh Pl/iniem' OiZp.TiK to any tbnt 'Charlotte Corday has boen ono of raymoBt succcsRful rAles down here, nnd she (Cbnrlotte) has now boon all over the world— she nas born io Calcutta— 'another tender recollection of the glorious Kust,' One almost feels tempted to say Homothiug unkind- but perhaps Ohurlotto Corany has beon ns succcBSful aB nny other imper konatiou by Mra. Potter, though thnt does not nceeasarlly moan very muob. Messrs. M'Lenn and Hngan's Gaiety Burlosauo Company opens nt 'Chaitors Towors on Boxinir Night with tlio pnntomiino of 'Cinderella.' Townsvilio and Koekhamuton to follow. The company consists of Messrs. Mnrtyn Uagau, Tom JCdwnrds, H. St. George, Bert Brmlley, J. S. Kyau, Will Desmond, Misses Luoy Frasor, i' Lomprioro A, Gray, A. Tonnyaon, and Polly Hagau. Mr. It. Airey, M.A.M., Is musical director. Thus a ibilious Queensland paper on 'A Trip to Chinatown':— 'It ia Blmply diseusting tho manner in whioh n plotlesw, jnsinuatiuuly iuimornl show — tlio expresaiou is used in the aaiue aense as it ie applied to nn orninary * penny gnE ' — was Inaf. woek pnftod in ndvertisingprinta culling themselves, publio jonrimlH. It is a poor compliment to tho llriEbnno pooplo that such a tiling, without one solitary devalue tendency about it, should oven lie allowed to opuear.' Whioh reminds ns ot Mr. i^'rauk Lnwtou's iluitfition of a cow beinff run over by a train and his sadly sympathetic reinurk ' poor . A man who got into a Into St. Kilda train the or.hor utglib opcufltl conversation with aiioCljei* iiinn sitting next him by asking, ' Have you heon to the Opom Houao? ' ?'[ wna there on Monday night,' was the reply. 'And whnt do you think of the now man, this White-eyed Kaffir ?'' Well, I don't tbtnU Hindi of him ; we've got better ones horo ' A third mnn chipped iu with, 'Well. 1 saw him on Monday night, and I rnthor likad him j I don't think he's lmlf bad.' ' The papers didn't give htm much praise, anyhow,', anid tbo second man. ' Look hero,' said tho man who firfit opened the subject, *' I'm not hero to please' tho papers— —I'm hero to plcaso the public, nud if you want a papor here's a ponny to buy one; I'm Chirirwln.' Aud howas. Fnot I— Molbourno CniMi'ioN.j, ? Tbo Tiiiaifors, who have iust arrived from America for Mr. Wostmncott's pnutomimo at Hor Majesty's, do some peculiar business. Mr. Lucifer— one calls him Mr. to distinguish him fiom the lady, his wife— goos through tlio manual i'i.«rei»o of a roeruit ut ilrill, But with the dilierenoo that instead of a gun he uses Ida leg. Ho in nlso a contortionist in other wnys, likowisa an ntlileto. He can clear l.wo obnirs, one above tbo other, at a standing jinup. As a strong man, bo wns for some timo Hiving exhibitions with tho world-renowned Snndow. Jly medical nuthorltios Mr. Lueifor says hu hns been ehiBscd ns phvsically perfect. That is to Bay hia height, weight, and giMiural nieitmtromeut.1 lire exactly proportioned. Musculnrly ho in indeed, a remarkably well developed nutu, nnd his power of chest expansion extends from the normal of 40)in to 47 wbeu tho lunga arc fully inflated. Ho olnimg to be able to break a strap fattened round his cheat that will bear a vraiubt of 10001b. 'Carndos' in Iiondnn Kepekee says :— 'Meditn- I gave way to tbo ludnifrouco when ou Thursday I found mysolf in Abnoy Park Coinetory, standing bpforo tho muDiiinotib which murks tho snot' it horo lies all tbnt wns mortal of Tom Hobertson. Much pralae of Tom Hobertson has been repented in piint, and in conversation Uunnunua have ml uiittcd hia merits. Words nro so cheap, vou know. And so sometimes nro tears. Mra. Kend'nl, who is liobQi'txon'a slater, has been tolling the world that she sheds them copiously, nud sheds them often, nnd goes homo to do It whon abe notes the diamnud ntuds and the adiposity of tho dramatic critics who helped her to her high position. She will find bolter reason for shedding thorn if sho will follow my example, aud spend five mlnntea by tho grave of brother Tom, vrhiiib is in a lamentably ncKleetod condition. Tho grass lies long and deplorably rugged upon It mill all around it ; the monument in patched, stained, mid grim, nnd Iho inscription tolling of loving remembrnucd mill of lasting grief is iu parts obliterated. It Mrs. Kendall will send the li.it round to pub this business right the dramatic critics will, I fancy, b,i prcpnred to pawn thoso diamond studs and to subscribe liberally.' John F. Sheridan, writing from London under dnto of Novombor 0, snys:— 'I lmvo only just returned from nn eight months' tour iu India, British Burtnah, Straits Kottloniants.aud China. I . did not go aa far ns Jnpan becnuso I wan ' nnxioua to get1 hnck' horo to fulfil an .ongago incnt made a long timo ago, and then I wna really glnd to return ngniu to tlio greatest oonntry in tho world— Australia, of coumo, ox copted. Yea ; you only npprccinto good old London . whoii yon are in such couiittloa as Iudia, Chlnn, &c.; India is nn abomlnnhlo place, You cnu't get any thing decent to cut thoro. Yon can get plenty to drink ; but eat— no I Now, eating is my strong point, anil no tlmt is my grievance. China ia a hit . Bettor; but rooal for improvement. I worked very hnrd, too— our reportoiro wiis an extensive ono— 'Shop Girl,' 'Artist's Model,1 'Iinrmairt,' 1 All Abroad,' ? Uentlomnn Joe,' ! Auvontnros o{ Minn Brown,' 'Christopher Columbus,' 'Dandy Dlclc Whittinirtou,' 'Fun on tbo Bristol.' ? Trip to Chicago,' 'Trip to Chinatown,' 4c. Now, a pro gramme like thia roqulron studr, rehearsals, and hard work, and when you consider I produced then, aud played principal parts in each, you can well imnglno I wna busy. Tlio result, financially, - was all right, so that pnrt of it was satlsfaotory. Still, life ia too short to spend it In such work. 1 enw Phil Mny tho other dny. I sent him boiuo Japanese ciuioa I brought from China. Phil is nt the heau of his profession bore now. His Austra lian worlt ou tbo Hoi.i,etik did him n lot of good. We often Bprnik of his Australian experiences. 1)0 not bo surprised to see me walking in on you at any., time. I rid vory orratic, and I mako up my mind - very quicRly. With ray beat wishes to you and all my Australian friends, prirato and public.' 