Camden and Its Environs Revisited (By E. A; M.) In the course ok many wanderings in search of health, pleasure or ' biz., It has oftentimes been my good fortune to have come across some of the unknown beauty spots of New South Wales, spots 'which from times primeval have rested secure from the curious, prying eye of the tourist ; when blossom and fern and shrub have to this hour remained unbroken, undisturbed by the profaning hand of the iconoclast and the destroyer ; and feasting upon their marvels and their sweetness, hidden away in the vastness of their own solitude. The applicability of the line, ' Full many a flower is born to blush unseen,' has come home to me in all its force. Our Australian men of means and leisure, our Australian women of fashion, wild seekers after change and novelty,- have a habit now and again of darting off to Europe, tearing frantically across the con tinent, scampering at break-neck speed through America, turning up after a few weeks, or at best a few months, absence, assuming quite blase, used up airs, and with all the gravity imaginable assure their friends and intimates that,- they have seen and tasted all that the old world affords, when as an actual matter of fact they have not been long enough away to do more than gape and yawn through the fatigue of the trip across the ocean, to say nothing of the time occupied in coming back. Why then I ask instead of spending heaps of money,- every coin of which could tell a tale of its own, why not explore and find out for themselves some of the hidden and in-, describable loveliness lying at their own doors— a veritable ' Arcadia at their gates.' We have no lived ruins, no hoary temples, it is trues no grey stone abbey with costly windows, a full blown ghost lurking in deep shadows of each, no dark subterranean passage, losing itself in the fathomless heart of the sea, with its awful tales of Saxon mis deeds, or fierce Norman cruelties, or blood curdling stories of the mysterious doings of the bold smuggler of the good old days, and so forth. But in this place we have mount ain and stream, hill and valley and far stretching plain, lake and rivulet, and many a flower- lined glen, lovely enough to tempt the Fairy Queen to come and make her home therein ; many a noble forest, wild wood brimful of secret ways, enchant ing grasses, and weird fastnesses. Many a bower where the birds of the air build their Paradise all unknown to the cruel world outside ; beauties enough, I say, to inspire a poet's theme, or a painter's canvass, and so make a name — a land whose choicest gifts and most lavish treasures are as the leaves of a closed book to her own children. These thoughts and that of a kindred nature were brought very vividly to my mind only a few weeks since upon the oc casion of a visit, paid after an absence of some years, to a place I once knew and loved in other and happier days — the dear old town of Camden and its surroundings. It would be too much after the fashion of what Sir Henry Parkes would call 'an un necessary display' to go into a detailed des cription of the many changes and improve ments I noticed since I had last been that far south ; still I would like to say a word or two by the way. The little quaint English-looking village is as it once was, save that it has grown and spread with the lapse of time. Many of the old faces are gone and new ones are in their once familiar places ; but I must not become too senti mental in this straggling paper. The tram, a sort of light railway, bears the traveller from Campbelltown to Camden through fields and meadows rich and fertile enough to all appearances to make one believe that the soil has only to be ' tickled with a hoe to laugh with a harvest.' At intervals, as one nears Camden, either side of the roadway is studded with stately homes, the rural re treats of some of our landed magnates. Most of these are very English-looking, in deed, with their park-like lands and noble trees, their flocks and herds grazing peace fully amid the splendid pasturage, all speaking eloquently of the wealth, resources and prosperity of this famed district. The next place of interest visited was the thriving township of The Oaks, some ten miles further out, and on the main road to the ever picturesque and romantic valley of the Wollondilly, a spot which, despite time and change and years, still looks the same shade of Wild and wondrous beauty that I remember so well, and which still retains its ancient aboriginal appellation of Burro gorang. The road out is not without true features of interest— notably, the glimmer in the distance of the Carrington Hospital, the gift of the Australian Peabody, the late Mr. Paling. For the test, there are charming rural lanes, handsome residences flourishing orchards, and waving grain. The village of The Oaks is situated on & pretty green slopping hill at the foot of which winds the narrow, lazy Werriberri, by whose Willow lined banks there is many a shady nook and quiet retreat to lovers only known, un less indeed the searching feet of change have before this found them out. Quite a network of smart-looking cottages have taken the place of empty blocks since I was. there last, and right in the centre of the town, I was pleased to notice a regular up to date School of Arts — an unmistakable element of progress and advancement. A fine general store (Mr. James Bensley's) oc cupies a prominent position, besides smaller ones ; a butchering establishment in the main street (Mr. F. Mitchell's.) Then, there are coach-building and blacksmiths' establishments (Mr, Cook's and Mr. Williams') ; a Post and Telephone Office with Mrs. Jones in charge, with all the other little adjuncts of growing civilisation. But, perhaps, the most striking object of all, with the excep tion of the R. C. Church — which is built right on the topmost point of the hill—is a handsome, new hotel, built and furnished in first-class style, and fitted up with all the modern appliances, improvements, and luxuries, to say nothing of the solid com forts of home life which there abound. The Oaks Family Hotel is erected on one of the choicest spots within many miles, upon what the enterprising advertiser would term 'a gentle eminence,' commanding a beautiful view of the surrounding country — lofty, heights with long vistas of emerald green paddocks, cottages and farm houses lost within their own opulence of trees and flowers — a splendid balcony and ' look out' being all that was needed to take in the en chanting picture.- The business is under the genial and capable management of Mr. and Mrs. M'Kee, who, although only a short time there, have already won golden opinions by their courtesy, kindness, and ready at tention to all whether their stay is long or short. During my visit, I had what the heathen Chinee knows as ' a good look' see' for myself, and taking it right through, I am bound to say I have seen no place like it in any of the country districts where I have been, and few in the city, Mr. M'Kee, for the convenience of his patrons, has vehicles running from Mr. M. Hennessy's hotel at Camden to The Oaks and the Wollondilly valley, when required, and to all who have not seen the sweet, sylvan retreat, I would say ' Go — pay a visit to The Oaks and Bur ragorang when they are clothed in their delicate robes of spring, or wearing their splendid summer ripeness,' and talk no more of birds' eye views of Italy ; sleepy, hurried snatches of dull, muddy, old Venice, or a railway glimpse of America. There is beauty enough and to spare in our own fair land if we only take the trouble to find out. I have no sympathy with the colonial globe trotter male or female, who would have us believe that they are devoured with artistic longings, that they are positively hungering for the soulful and the beautiful, when, in reality, a primrose is to them ' a yellow flower by the river's brink.' Baker's Creek Company, at Hillgrove I has declared its 44fch dividend. Since start' ingy this mine baa paid £237, 50() iij, dividends, i .... .mi ... . I Lne Australian cricketers won thef match against the North of England by 42 runs. ' ' ; The Russian Government has decided to take over ihe control of 'the drink traffic within tho Empire. The first Engiioh newspaper was publish' eel in 1588, ' 