THE TURF. Mr. W. lb Wilson wo are pleased to see has | recovered from his recent illness and is in Ade- i laidefor a day or two. Mr. S. II. Wilson, his brother, is back from the West but intends re turning there again. As an ex-chairman and ! life member ot the A. R.C. Mr. Sam Wilson j would be welcomed on the Old Course if he ■ could remain until Saturday, and it is need less to say that the owner of St. Albans carries his own credentials and is always a welcome visitor on a racecourse. I On the Old Course on Tuesday morning ttie following work was done:—ioung Lucifer and The Ghost performed a good working gallop, increasing the pace the last mile and a half and finishing together. Kick Whittington came homo a mile in 2 min. 3} sec. Barter performed work of a usefuf sort. Lord Grenville went two eireuits at half and three parts pace. Black Flag (Wise) was sent over about three miles, the last two taking 4 min. 41, see. Deburg worked over a distance at a uselul pace. Handover is coming along nicely. Confidence was dis patched over a distance, but. not at any pace. Firelock exercised steadily. Conscript worked 1 at three-parts pace over two rounds. Wahine , ran along for six furlongs. Eaglehawk did fair exercise with a spurt home. .Juliet and Gipsy Queen came homo the last two miles of a good working gallop in 4 min. 21 sec., the grey mare going well, llorke's Drift performed moderate exercise. Doubloon only went steady. Repetition, looking well, ran once round in 2 min. 2 sec. Helena ran the first round of a mile and a half gallop ii: .1 mill. 58} see. Postal did fair work over a couple of turns. De la Yolta got to the end of a useful mile in 1 min. 52} sec. Car melite ran along for a mile at a useful pace. Carlton worked steady. Mom pa ran along for a mile at a good jiace. Dianthus and Home Rule got over a mile in 1 min. 57 sec. Gaiilardia came home Ilis last circuit in 2 min. 2 sec. All Fours went about three miles, the last one taking 2 inin. 4 sec. Recoup did moderate work. Longbow and Holly ran six j furlongs in 1 min. 24.} see. Ivase ran a mile, Electric bringing him home the! last six furlongs in 1 min. 25} sec., the mile taking 1 min. 53 sec., liiiisliiug together. .Simple .Tim did moderate work. Maiiboy was striding along over once round. Strike was also moving along at a fair pace. Trout did good sound work over a distance. Isinglass did not go fast. Jackoroo did useful work. Woodlield performed long steady pacing. Kirk by ran once round in 1 min. 05 see. First Master was at the six-furlong post to bring him home, the last six furlongs taking 1 min. 23} sec. At Morphettvillo on Tuesday morning Rosedaie, T'rentalto, and Diadem were sent together at a fast gait over five furlongs. Thunder Queen and Pitchery ran along for a mile and a half in 2 min. 41) sec. Playmate did half-pace exercise. Eloodbird performed useful work. Miracluni did good work over a distance, coming home the hist mile in 1 min. 57 sec. _ Taradale did good steeplechase work. Nackara performed useful exercise. The Golden King was restricted to long steady work. Wrangler worked at half pace over two eireuits. Clytemnestra got over a mile at even time. Security worked at a steady pace. Foliage, Scutum, and Nomadic did steady pacing. Broken Hillaud Eleusiniau performed useful work, the last round occupy ing 2 min. 50 see. Dalesman and Mermaid did moderate work. Viking, Concussion, and Hear Hear ran along for a mile in 1 mill. 55} sec. Thunderer worked steadily. Alveary and The Idler ran five furlongs in 1 mill. 10 sec. The Count, of Messrs. Oxenham & Co., reports having laid the following wagers on the Victorian Spring events:— Caulfield and Melbourne Cups.—5,000 to 5 each Duhallow and Resolute, Mainstay and Toreador, Mainstay and Marusa, Chevalier and Marusa, Chevalier and Wallace, Nada and Resolute, Nada and O'Trigger, Excel and Thunder Queen, Nada and Broken Hill, and Mainstay and Newhaven. Caulfield Cup.—Straight out—200 to C Duhallow, and 500 to 3.2} Miraclum. Victorian Derby and Melbourne Cup.— 2,000 to 10 Resolute and Miraclum, 3,000 to 14 Resolute and Reka, 5,000 to 25 Man-o£-War and Resolute, 5,000 to 25 Man- ofAVar and Marusa, 1,000 to 10 Newhaven and Reka, 2,000 to 15 Interlude and Interlude. As_ notified by advertisement the annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Racing Club will be held at Ford's Royal Arms Hotel, Port, oil Thursday evening at 7.30. 