A WOMAN'S BATTLE. Br ESME STUART. Author of "Kostell of Greystone," "A Woman of Forty," "The Power of the Past," &c.;, &c.; ? CHAPTER XXXVI. It was only at a late hour the nest afternoon that Mrs. Beddoes returned home. Outwardly nothing was changed. A pile of letters awaited heron the hall table, and liar ,-iender fingers gathered them up with that m j.ion of appropriation posseessd by some w.i •.--n in a very noticeable manner. Lumb v. :ts, as usuaL ready waiting in the hall to ii j'.i) her take off her cloak. She wore a new 'va which she had bought in London. It w.is a long one, made of dark shining skunk, aud when she unfastened tbe bow it slipped Joivn from her neck, coiling itself at her fee. like a sleepy serpent. Lumb picked it up and gave it to her. He also noticed that his mistress had on a new bonnet. It was for love of Lizzie that he always took such interest in !:i lies' bonnets; but besides new bonnets very f-t-.v other things escaped his calm, searching eyes. Have there been any callers since I left?" said Mrs. Beddoea. Lumb had happily informal Vimself on ihiB point, and gave the required i . c mation. "Mrs. Muir-Mullens called, .ai'im. Here is her card." '' Ah! Nothing else has happened ? Where is Miss Sara?" " Upstairs, ma'm, in her siitingroom." " Bring the teain thedrawiur-room. Callers : may arrive. Oh, give these paroels to Harriet, 1 please." As if to fulfil her prophecy, there was heard the sound of carriage wheels, and , Mrs. Beddoes went swiftly upstairs. One end of her new boa had fallen from her hand and ! dragged behind her, looking very much like a 1 snake gliding upstairs. Arrived at the sitting-! room door, Mrs. Beddoes paused. She almost held her breath and listened. There was no sound to be heard, so she tried to open the door, but she found it was locked. " Are you there, Sara? Why do you lock the door?" There was a soft rustle of long skirts audible, and then Sara came forward to open the door. She looked deadly pale, and there were dark rinse round her eyes, adding to her deathly pallor: but her mother made no comment on her appearance. "Please don't lock your door again, Sara; I have such a horror of fire. There are callers just come, so I mustn't stop. Are you coming down to tea?" Mrs. Beddoes made a slight feint of kissing her daughter. There was, however, no pretence at hiding the chilliness of the greeting. Sara looked the shadow of her former S9lf; even her bright hair seemed dulled and lustreless, and her white hands trembled a little. " Was it wet m London?" she asked, though she could not have told why ehe made this remark more than any othor. Mrs. Beddoes went towards the looking-glMs snd began taking off her long black gloves, and ae if by instinct, she examined her rings AS she answered;— " Yes, quite «horrid. The country is bad enough—but London! I never went out at all except when I drove to my dressmaker And when I lunched with some old friends." _ At this instant Lumb made his appearance at the door, which Mrs. Beddoes had left a little ajar. " Colonel and Mrs. Kelton," he said. "Oh, yes, of oourse. You had better come down, Sara." Mrs. Beddoes did not look at her daughter as she said this, but she began walking towards the door. " I don't feel equal to much talking," said Sara. " I think, if you don't mind, that IH have tea upstairs." " Rsally, Sfti-a, you are becoming quite hyoo- chondriacal. Dr. Douglas said your thoughts should be distracted from yourself, but you now refuse to see any one." Lumb had waited to let his mistress pass him, and heard her last words. He looked into Sara's room before shutting the door, and noticed that his young mistress merely sank down again upon the sofa without saying anything more. " Shall I bring you a cup of tea, ma'am?" he asked in a kind, gentle voice. He could not bear to see her looking so ill. "Thank you, Lumb; please do. 3y the way, did you hear news of—Mr. Cobbin?" "No, ma'am; Mr. ProBtt didn't know anything more, but he may be on his way home.* " I hope be is; I want to see him very much Thank you, Lumb." " No cause to, miss," said Lumb; and softly shutting the door he disappeared. "I'll bring tbe tea up myself," thought Lumb; "I have no groat opinion of Miss Harriet; aud my missus said, 'Keep an eye on her.'" Accordingly Lumb soon reappeared with a tempting teatray. Sara wafe still on the sofa, and tn his mind she looked very ill- - " Wouldn't you like to see the doctor, ma'am?" he asked. " I could run down to the village this evening and a£k him to come." Sara sat up a little and looked at htm'. She always seemed to have a difficulty in taking in quickly what was said to her. "The doctor? the new man? Oh, no—no! Dr. Douglns will soon be back. I would rather wait for his return. Thank you, Lumb, I don't seem to care for anything to eat." She pushed away the buttered toast, but eagerly drank the tea. " You had better eat a little, miss. My Lizzie, when She was ill, had to be made to eat!" " How is she?" said Sara, looking up with more interest than she had yet shown. " Verv bunny. I wish you looked as well, ma'am." "Thank you, Lumb; I expect I don't make enough effort. My mother says so, but I have tried. If I rest now, perhaps I oan get down to dinner. I expect then that I shall be all right." ~ ' "Yes, ma'am." And Lumb slowly left the room. "She's very ill, it seems to me," he said to himself. " A mother as was worth the name would see tc it." He went into the dining-room, and, peeping out to see that the carriage was still at the door, he looked into the box. Miss Sara had had one powder brought to her after breakfast, and ODe after lunch. He opened it, and found it full. " Humph!" he thought, "I'll count them." Ho was just beginning this wheh the drawing-room bell rane. Hastily putting them all back, he went to the hall door. After that he decided to wait till he laid the cloth. When he did so the box was gone, and Lumb was much perturbed by this discovery. That possibility had not occurred to him. He must find out where it had been put; but, in the meanwHile, he kept his eyes open. Sara's strength of will was certainly exemplified that evening, .for with Harriet's help ahe had managed to dress. She wore a dress of pale-green crafbe, trimmed with a softer shade of silk. It usually suited her colouring to perfection, but to-day it added, if possible, to the pallor of herface. She looked likesome pale ghost of hersnlf returned to earth. Lumb certainly handed her dainty morsels, but he noticed that she merely played with her knife and fork, till her mother remarked— "Rosily, Sara, it is rather ludicrous that you should reject your food. How can you expect to get stronger? You will starve yourself to death." As she said this Mrs. Beddoes paused and took up the pepper-box, eiving it a •vigorous shake on her vegetables. Sara cut a little chicken and forced herself to eat it. " I don't feel hungry. When the weather gets brighter " "It is not the weather, but your own fancies! If you make yourself seriously ill you must blame no one else." Sara looked across at her mother, intimating by an appealing look that Lumb was present, then she tried to force another mouthful into her mouth. "I really do try to get better. I even re-! membered the powders when you were away." Sara smiled, but it was merely the ghost of her former smile. " Oh, yes; I got some more in London. It saves writing for them." Saradid not seem to take any interest in this fact, except that she answered: "They don't do me any good." " That is just like a foolish girl, to think h e r ^ r Do you ! ^fl 1 ? leave them off? ^ I 1 don t mind, said riftra languidly. She J found the effort to attend to conversation mors ' than she could bear. She hastily trashed her plate away and looked at Lumb to take it. It's suicide," remarked Mrs. Beddoes, looking at the plate. Sara said nothing, and Mrs. Beddoes chaneed the topic. "Those Keltons are interesting people. The Colonel was in the Indian Mutiny. He told me an exciting story," stud Mrs. Beddoes related it. It was rather horrible, and had Sara dared she would have asked her mother to stop; but she tried not to listen. The meal appeared to her interminably long, and Lumb became like some jrhostlv appearance walking round and round the table. Would it ever end? Whatever her mother might say or think, she could not endure this ordeal again. She must give in. Life was not worth having at this rate of suffering. Her hold on it seemed fast slipping awar. Sho did not want to die, but she felt that her strength wa« almost gone. It was this lon<n"ng for those dear ones that must be killing i her. She was dying of loneliness, and—no, her mother would say that this was all non-! sense. I Suddenly her mother rose. She had boen: eatinpr an orancre, and the odour of it per- j meated the room. As she stood up she poured 1 out for herself another sjlass of"sherry and] drank it off. It pssses^ed a rich aromatic flavour, for it was choice wine, which Mr. Cobbin had procured for tliem. Mrs. Beddoes offered a glass to her daughter. "No, thank you. It would make me feverish," said Sara. "What ridiculous ideas you have, Sara! Havo you practised much these last few days?" Oh, no. I couldn't. I must put off Mr. Sutton. His lesion would be wasted." "You want rousing. However, as you reject my authority I must leave you to go your own way." Sara looked up, snd now for the first time she notioed that Mrs. Beddoes was wearing a beautiful new gown. It sparkled with jet, and it was made so becomingly that it added new charm to her mother's perfect figure. Her hair, just coiled low down on the beautiful neck, was a thing of beauty and a joy to any artist's eye. Sara wondered why this very beauty only added to an undefined fear ehe felt of her mother. " Yon have a new dress on," she remarked. " Yes. I wocder you did not notice it; but you are getting dreadfully unobservant." " I am afraid I am now. I—I feelGO Stupid." " I had _ better ask somebody to come and stay with us. You are very depressing, Sara, in your present state. If you roused yourself it would oertainly be more agreeable. I think I shall write to Mr. Greenwood." "Oh, mother! _ I'm sorry, I can't help it, but don't ask him." Mrs. Beddoes gave a tiny shrug of her shoulders and passed on. Sara tried to follow, but when she was in the hall she paused. She positively could not go into the drawing-room to spend a whole long evening with her mother. " Do you mind very much, mother? I feel as if I couldn't sit up this evening." "Oh, very well; and really you are not a cheerful companion. If you refuse to see a doctor and refuse to take cars of yourself what can I do?" Sara understood that she vras dismissed, and slowly crossed the hall to go upstairs. Lumb appeared at tho foot of the stairs. He seemed always appearing now, so Sara thought with a ray of comfort; he made her feel less lonely. " Can I fetch anything for you, ma'am? Lumb was certainly a good angel—he looked so'sympathetically at her; and now there was no one else who seemed to care, for Harriet had adopted her mother's idea that Sara Only required to rouse herself in order to be quite welL " Oh, Lumb, it's very silly, but n^ay I just lean on you?" Lumb was by her side in a moment. " If you don t mind, Mits Sara, just take my arm. My Lizzie when she was ill said that I was a better nurse than her own mother." Sara did not mind at all. She felt able with Lumb's help to get upstairs. Once more she returned to the sofa in the sitting-room. Lumb n^ade up the fire and then looked round to soe that all was right. He wis hoping to see tbe box of powders there, but no box was risible. There was yet time to find them, for Miss Sara only took them at breakfast and luncheon. " Thank you, Lumb," said Sara, opening her eyes. "Thank you very much. I don't want anything else. Don't send Harriet to me. I don't want her till the usual time." "No, Miss; but 111 look in and Bee about the fim. I can walk very softly, and I shan't disturb you." "Yes, that will be a great comfort, and then I need not ring. Thank you, Lumb." She closed her eyes, and Lamb walked softly away, thinking " How thin ehe has got. Sha is only skin and bones, and jnst the colour of a ghost" [To be continued to- morrow.] 