Children's Corner. ST. VINCENT'S JUVENILE CLUB. Letter From Aunt Eily. My Dear Children — Work and play, play and work, that is the order of your young lives, is it not? Your play is again over for a time, and you will, I am sure, begin your work with fresh energies, all the better for the holidays, which I hope you have all thoroughly enjoyed. Children of a larger growth—that is, our friends the grown-ups—are much like my nephews and nieces in that reBpect; indeed, my dears, if the truth were known, the grown ups are just as fond of a little play as anybody else. "A little nonsense now and then is relished by the best of men " —and women too—and indeed I would not particularly care to make the acquain tance of those fearfully solemn and gloomy personages who are never—no never at all —given to a little harmless nonsense. "You don't want to play in their yard," do you, childreu ? The Easter holidays do not last very long, still I will expect some account of how you have spent them. I hardly like to say it of the dear Christmas-time, but I really think of the two beautiful seasons I would prefer Easter. Easter is all joy and gladness, and those worldly customs and fashions which have become so distracting, and which have threatened to almost hide the true meaning of Christmas from us altogether, have not such an ascendency at the season of Easter and the feast stands out distinct by itself, a true Church festival. And now I am wondering how many nephews and nieces have made a beginning with their scrap-book. Should any young beginners at this work require a little help or any suggestions I think it likely that some of our members would kindly help them with replies. I have heard it said that the best way to learn is to teach, so that if older members can help the young ones or help each other they will be improving themselves at the same time. The plan, if encouraged, might extend itself to other subjects, and would give members and friends an opportunity of being helpful. I hope to have more to say on this subject some other time. You will like to hear that all the little orphans are very well. They have had some little sickness, but it is now happily over, and they are all as well as usual again. I have heard that a treat is being prepared for them. They are going to have a day's outing attheCyclorama to see the " Battle of Waterloo." No doubt many of you have seen it. It is a fine sight, but I trust none of the darlings will be frightened when the big cannon goes off and when the ghosts put in an appearance. I do not think young Aus tralians are much troubled in their minds about ghosts. In the days when Aunt Eily was young a good ghost story was just the best thing in the world. The more "creepy" and blood-curdling the better. But ghosts have gone out of fashion now, with a few other things, like fairies and impossible boys and girls, who were always fearfully good and who always—died. The " very," very good " and the " very, very bad " young folksare all disappearing from the storybooks, and the middling kind of boy and girl, who tries to do right, but who, perhaps, does not always succeed, are having their " innings " now. (You see children even " aunties " must drop into cricket talk in thiB cricket-ridden country.) You noticed, my dears, that I redeemed my promise to you about sending you the little piece by Father Faber on the weather and the effect it sometimes has on the temper. The piece is called the 41 Picnic," and appeared in last week's issue. Both rain and picnics have been the order of the day daring the Easter holidays, so that your little piece comes at an opportune moment. I hope none of you will feel guilty when you read it. My letter-bag this week is a light one. From Niece Mary, Booleroo, I have a nice letter, with all good wishes for Easter for the orphans and myself. I am sorry you had not time to call at the Orphanage when you were away holiday- making ; you would enjoy a visit there, I am sure. Thanks for your promise to send a parcel of warm clothing. 1 have not as yet received it, but no doubt it is on its way. Nephew Patrick Joseph, from Hammond, is next on my list. What in the world is the matter with this dear little nephew, since he writes to say he wishes the Easter holidays were over ? That is a wish that I really believe no auntie can under stand. By very next mail tell me why you do not like your Easter holidays. Perhaps the sickness about at Hammond has been making little nephew sad. Dear ! dear ! A new member for our club in Niece Mary Ann Selleck. I am very glad indeed to hear such a good account of you. I believe I have another little member at Laura ; but surely two little nieces are better than one any day. Thanks for your contribution. Now that we are beginning the winter in earnest I will be looking forward to more letters and many more members, for indoor occupation is always better suited to the winter season and the cosy hearth than the long summer evenings, when everyone is out in the open in search of the breeze which does not always come. Now I must conclude with love and good wishes, AUNT EILY. Aunt Eily acknowledges the following: —Parcel clothing, from Niece Mary, Booleroo; Nephew Leo Moloney, Maitland. Is. 6d.; Niece Imelda, Mount Gambier, Niece Mary Connolly, Prospect. The Clerical New Woman.—London is threatened with another novelty in New Womanism. It is announced that the Bev. Augusta Chapin, D.D„ said to be the only female Doctor of Divinity extant, has resigned the pastorate of her church in Omaha, and is coming to London. Mrs. Chant is not the only lady who has occu pied a London pulpit, hut none of the violators of the Pauline injunction up to the present have possessed a degree in divinity—American or otherwise—or have styled themselves "rev." The story runs, says " Flaneur" in the Freeman, that while Premier Beid and the O'Connor Dan were separately promenading round the Armidale show, the former forced a smile and said—" I find I have a great many warm friends in this district, after all." " You have, indeed," exclaimed the orator. "Taking them all round, they're the warmest lot I have ever seen. Presi dent White is red hot, and if we get much more of him, begorra we'll both go back sunstruck!" The Anglican Bishop of Winchester has refused to allow the use of a third altar at St. Agatha's, Portsmouth, and the Bev. B. B. Dolling has in consequence resigned the pastorate. The Bishop will not allow the altar because it would be used for " the celebration of holv Communion for the Dead." At the same time he candidly con fesses that " Prayer for the dead" is " a mysterious and difficult question." Though " a teacher in Israel," he evidently doesn't quite know what to think on the subject. Talleyrand and his king were once dis cussing the payment of members trouble when the monarch asked, "Don't you think that a citizen is justly recompensed when he is allowed to serve his country in the Senate for the honor and glory of that privilege alone ? " " Oh, no, sire," replied the cute courtier. " That figure would be far too high entirely. Better pay him in cold cash." In a leading article on Tuesday last the Daily News said—" No responsible Ministers of the Crown, whatever their political opinions might be, could regard without serious concern the effect of the Irish vote upon American politics in the Venezuelan crisis, still unhappily pending. The con cession of Home Rule to Ireland would mean the destruction of that hostile force, and the destruction of that force would mean permanent peace with the United States." "ExPede."—Miss Baird appears as the model Trilby without shoes or stockings. Such realism is a novelty which unfor tunately prevents this young actress from ever losing her identity, as, though the upper portion of her figure is "very Trilby," her feet are most decidedly Baird. 