SPORTING NOTES. Bx Tim Whiffles. The Australian racehorses Carnage aad Trenton huve arrived safely at Plymouth, (England). Both are in excellent condition. The English horee, Isinglass, who hat? gone to tbe stud, commences IboBe duties ut a fee of 300 guineas. Orient was stripped for two races at Canterbury Park on Saturday but although solidly backed by hi* connections he fulled to land tbe dollars on either occasion. With un even 7st in the Flying Handicap, in *hich 10 ran, Orient who was ridden by T. Butler, was made a warm favourite, bifi clueing price beiu^- 2 to 1 a^iost. Getting away well be held a forward position riybl into the straight, but Kxcellence 7st 21b, and AH There 7&t; 91b, outpaced him to the judged box, Excellence winning by '6 lengths, Orient fiuisbmg third half that distance behind Al! There. Orient was saddled up again for the Welter Handicap, 1 mile, in \rbich be was weighted at 9st (T. Butler), and, althout:h again well staked up, he failed to make a 'recovery' for hip fol lowers; fourth place, and a long way from tbe leading trio, being tbe best tbe Snui iee gelding cou'd obtain. Elton, who is engaged in the Cootamundra Cup ut 7ft 12ib, ran tecond to Jack c' Lantern in the Canlerbarj Handicap ut Crinti.-rLiury Park on Saturday. Elton carried 7st, and sufferel a hdlf length defeat from Jack o' Lantern 9st, in 2min. 14J$ec. for tbe mile and a quarter. Loyalty is to l-e given another trial on the trai:k. The son of St George is ai sound ai a bell. An English jockey named Burns, at present in Russia, has written to a Victorian staling the terms upon which he would like to engage himself in Australia. Be appears to be upon pretty good terms witb himself, for he 6ays, '1 would require a standing salary, with three guineas for losing mount, five guineas for winning mount, a eo travell ing expenses and board wages when away from home.' Burns has not yet been cabled to ' come out.' bir (juver 8 sons ana aaugmers Keep on piling up the old Epigram horse's score on the winning sires' list. At Canterbury Park on Saturday, The lloe credited the old fellow vith a win, tbe mare's success being obtained in the Selling Race. The Cootamundra Cup for the ensuing annual meeting of the Cootamundra Turf Club, has been selected by the donors of the trophy (Messrs. H. Oxenham and P. Glen nister). The trophy, which is valued at 100 guineas, takes the form of a magnificant tea ; and coffee service and salver, and weighs i upwards of IStiozs. of sterling silver. The astute Dan O'Brien, in reply to a Maoriland pressman, gave it as his opinion tbat Coil was the ' boss ' of tbe New South Wales two year olds, witb Huret and Adora tion next in order. But he considers that the Carbine — Venice colt, Fucile will beat them all as three- year-olds. In their annual supplement to the ' General Stud Book' Messrs. Wetherby give account of 55G2 thoroughbred mares, and of these 1634 had colt foals, 1525 filly foals, and 1265 were barren : while 189 were not covered in 1894, and 124 slipped foal. In addition to this, 104 died during the year, and 19G were sent abroad, the remaining 372 not being accounted for. In tbe list of foals lloy&l; Hamptou comes fir6t witb 33, followed by St. An^elo with SI, St. Serf and Salisbury with 30, DeEpair witb 29. Ayrshire, Donovan, Adieu witb Pioneer and Sheen witb 20, Kendal and Common witb 25, Mint ing witb 24, and St. Simon* Hampton, Galopin and Pepper-and-Salt with '23. Disquieting rumours come from Adelaide about Auraris, who is said to have developed unmistakable lameness. All who profess any interest in the turf will anxiously await news of the filly'6 speedy recovery. It would detract a good deal from the interest in the approaching V.R.C. Meeting if it were found impossible to run of I in the Champion that C. B. Fisher Plate dead heat between Aurariaand Wallace. Patron's racing days appear to be about ended, and the horse having shewn signs of 'cracking up' in his Australian Cup preparation has been scratched for tbat event. The little bulldog, as the gallant Portsea is generally termed, has been put into work again at Flemington, and looks well after bis loDg holiday. Meeting Eobold in the Sires' Produce Stakes at Geelong on Saturday on 61b better terms than when he suffered a fluky defeat in tbe Normanby Stakes, Newhaven avenged the Normanby Stakes defeat in hollow fashion, Kobold never having a ghost of a show with tbe Nevvminster colt. The Welter Handicap at Canterbury Park on Saturday was run twice, AH There win ning on each occasion. Tbe cause of the first race being a false one was on account of a strong wind, which was blowing at the time, releasing the starting barrier when the field were marshalled at the poet. When the barrier went up, as mentioned, the whole of the eleven competitors ran the course under the impression that it was a legitimate start. Pilot, a foar-year-oi'd son of Swircller and wild Bose (dam of Labour-in-Vain), won tbe Geelong Cup on Saturday, defeating 7 others. Nominations for the Gundagai Racing Club Bandicap and Town Plate, to be run at the Gundagai li. C. annual meeting, close at 9 p.m. on Tuesday evening next, the llth February. Particulars of the events are published in tbe business columns of this issue. The team of racehorses to represent Wagga at the MuiTumburrah Turf Club's annual meeting, which commences to-day, took their departure for the scene of action yesterday. Catspaw, Hickamora, Gold, Baillery and Kioderspiel composed the team. Bob Piper has now almost completely recovered from the mishap be met with at Yass last week, and will quite likely sport a seat in the pigskin at Murrumburrah to-day. Mr. W. B. Wilson was interviewed a few days ago with respect to a rumor, which bad it that Wallace was to be reserved for the Cbampiou Bace. The proprietor of St. Albans said that Wallace was not giving him the satisfaction lie should like, and is suffer ing from growing pains, but he is not nearly so bad as Carnage was before he won his Derby. Mr. Wilson denied having any inten tion of scratching Wallace for the Australian Cup, and promised, providing be is all right, to start bim for that event. 