Choice Stories BY THE COUNTESS OF MUNSTER. Not many years ago, people used to sneer at ghosts and ghost stories much more than they do now, and one would constantly hear people whisper to one another while some individual was relat ing his or her experience) : " Ah ! it is very odd these ghost stories should always be related at second or third hand. Now, I want to see a person who personally has seen the ghost, and then I will be lieve ! Yes ! People are more accustomed to hearing about ghosts now ; and yet, now,rSshould it be a wife,, daughte eisterwho ventures to narrate some^uper naturai experience, she is pcMh- poohed, or laaghed:fcct,,aor told-to "takfe a pill.'** Now, I have seen a ghost-sad. am pre pared to attest most solemnly to the. fact, as well as to the truth;X>f every word here set down, 1 have/.of course, avoided nam«, bu,t jnQ{Jiing )el8ei; so, without farthep preamble, Iwi^'statemycsse. ^ Somte years ago T be'came the object of the infatjmted.fido^tion of a person of my own^e|iriu-«exaid ! use the word " infatuate^'^.advisedly,- :be«mse ,I feel now, as I\dia at the time, that neither I nor any mortal that#ver-li^^uld^ pos sibly be ■worthy ofA the" oyer whelming affection wmch my p\or friend lavished upon me. [I, on my aide, was not un grateful towards her, lor I loved her in return verjr-d early; bulf when I explain that I was a wifeand:the .mother of young children,..'jaMd that she .was - unmarried, it will fee jeatSly.understood that our devo tion to iach other must of necessity-be rather one-sided; ■ and this fact caused some dispeace between ub at times. For many years my friend held a post at Court, which she Resigned soon softer she began to know me ; and although her Royal Mistress, in her gracious kindness, assigne^twp hojisea toh'er, 8he gav| them both -up. to tie free to',live near me in B ££ ip.deed, she gave up relatives, old Bervantij imd'ppmforta in order /that she might come aiid live^and die, /alas J) in lodgings, ov^r arsh'ip, 'neat rhe.f Bui she was not hapny. She.' gloomeji' oyeit the inevitable faA thaV inconsequence of the difference in^her home circumstances and minej l could not be ofoth her every day, and fill dayjiongy I think she was, natur ally "of an' unhlropy disposition,being deeply, passionately, and/ unjustifiably jealous, and also gainfully incapable of taking things and people /as thev- were. All' this g&re; me often much annoyance; but we were, all the, same, sometimes, very cheerful aiidhappy together, and sometimes—the reverse. Later on^ she, poor soul, was taken ill, and during months of 'fluctuating health 1 nursed her—sometimes _ in .hope,- some times without—and at moments during her illness she found strange comfort in foretelling to me, after the most 4 un canny* fashion, things which she declared would happen to me after her death. They jSMtre jinpstly trivialities—little epi sodes ,&Mcirnirig; ppqple and things over whom and _ which" we had talked and laughed together, for she-was gifted with a keen senBei of the ridiculous. Amongst other things she said to me one afternoon: — * This ib?zaar for which we are working' (she had been helping pie for weeks for a charity bazaar, .and, I can, now see her dainty little' *'iiands/ *as she "manipulated the delicate .muslin -and lace. Poor, poor L>r—r 1) • I shall be dead before it takes place ; and'1 shall see you at your stall, and on one of the days of the bazaar, r,an Md lady will come up to you and say^'^Bave' you any of poor Miss L——'s; .work 1' (mentioning me). And you mil answer * Yes 3 here is some !' and you willshow her this which lam work ing ; and she'll say * Have you any more ?' and carry it. all off, .ana say she buys it for ♦poor Miss li—-—'s sake.' And I shall know and see it all!' I •rtinember' repeating, wonderinelv. 4 What'lady?' S Shfe ai^wered, dreamily, * Oh ! I don't know—lint—some old lady! You'll see!' And 1 am bound to say, this is exactly what occurred at the bazaar, months after her death; "an old lady, with whom I was notiBcquainted, did buy all her work, having ^sked . for it, and carrying it away ' for her sake !' , An old lady, too, whom I hadhi'ever seen. One other , curious circumstance which attended her Heath waB that, after looking forward with more than usual pleasure to my comingbirthdav (which she said would be "a more than commonly happy anni verBary"), thai was the very day on which she died! I thipk that one of the sharpest regrets which" ! ever experienced in my life con sisted in the fact that I was not with my dearest friend at the moment that she passed away. She had made me promise that I would be with her at that time, and, God knows, I had the fullest inten tion of fulfilling her wish, but on that evening, of all others, I was called away, and she died in my absence. I had been sitting by her bed-side all the afternoon, and all,that evening I had held her dear; hand, and had kept whispering comfort ing words in her ear ; but latterly she had i made no response, and was, seemingly, unconscious. Suddenly a messenger came from my hooB^^BsUi hundred yards,- itwas away), j saying my husband wanted me at once, as ! one of the children was ill. I looked at I the ificae, who assured me there was " nothing.-, immediate" impending;; so,; stooping over'my poor friend. I whispered \---at the sarpe time pressing a kiss on her forehead—that.-'half an hour should see me at her side again." But she too"k no notice, and. much against my will £ hastily,' and noiselessly, left the room.. ■ . Thrp^ing a shawl over my head I hurried across the square, and as I passed the church-the-dock struck twelve, and I suddehly.remembered that—to-day was my birthday! I gnt^back irilesa than half an hour, and on my return heard, to my everlasting Borrogjjj-Jthat. I had not been gone ten: minutes ,.before my dear *L- became restlessjand uneasy, then suddenly start log up in her bed, she looked hastily round ] Hie room^'gave a ciy, then there came a rash bf blood to her mouth, and after a few painful struggles, she . sank back, gasped Oribe ot twice, and never moved again. Of bourse, I, thought then, and do to this day, that she was looking round the room fbri«ie and that she had died feeling I bad-broken niy faith with her. A bitter ne vecfaiiing regret! I baive given this slight sketch of the feelings which/ existed between me *nd my pw^r friend (before narrating the cir cumstances of her supernatural visit to' me), just to emphasize the fact of the alluring" Tacination, the intense affec : iion, which «xisted between us during her life-time, and which I firmly believe, have lasted beyond her grave. Quite a year and a half after her my-poor L , with what motive not (unless it may have been, as times fondly hope, to assure me understood and sympathized jp5th my sorrow at my having failed c at the moment of her extremity ^appeared to me. She came ■ once—bu^fuever again. It occurred thuB:— /' ! I had been suffering/Sl day from brow ague, and had goneea£fyto bed—but not to sleep. All the^vening I had been kept painfully awalrf by that Bame church clock which I has^ mentioned above. It seemed to mbAo strike oftener, -louder, and more Slowly than any clock I had ever had the misfortune to come across. 0f/€ourse, my ailment of the moment "caused the clock's vagaries to appear peculiarly painful, and I bore the annoy ance very restlessly, with my face turned pettishly/to the wall: but when the mid night hour began to chime, I felt as though I could bear it no longer. Mattering an impatient exclamation, I turned in my bed, £0 as to face the room,.and looking across it, 1 saw my poor L——, standing close to a screen between me and the door, looking at me. She was in her usual dress, wearing (what was then called) a 'cross-over,' which was tied behind.;, while her.bonnet (which she was ^always ■ in , the habit of taking off as she came upstairs) was, as usual, hanging by the ribbon, on her arm. She hsd '.a smile on herfacej and l dis tinctlj iipticedlier lovely Uttlewhite ears, which" were always my admiration, and which were only half covered by her soft brown hair. Shastood—aminute it seemed—looking at me, then she gHded towards me, and I, half apprehensive that she wasJ about to throve herself on my bed, exclaimed, jumping up in a sitting posture :— ' Dearest! what brings you here so late ?' With deep reverence be it spoken; but as soon as these words were out of my mouth I was irresistibly reminded of those spoken (Holy Writ tells us) by St. Peter at the awful moment of the transfigura tion ! Awed and dazed at the sight of the spiritual visitants, we are told he muttered "words 'not kaowing what he said.' These words of mine also seemed to leap to my lips, with but little meaning in them—ft any. As soon, however, as my voice had ceased the apparition disappeared, and I re mained some moments motionless. One of the most curious features of the case is that, although I was very, especially restless and awake at the moment of the appearance, £ recognised my friend 80 completely, that I forgot, also, to recognise .the fact thai she had died,. or rather, it happened too quickly for me to bring that fact to mind. Indeed, it all took place in such a flash—in such a moment of time—so much quicker than 1 can tell it—and she looked so exactly like her well-known self, that till she had disappeared, I really believed Ivxisseeing her ir. the flesh! Of course, as soon as I had time to reflect, I remembered, and realised what it was 1 had seen 1 I was not frightened but I fdt colder than I had ever fdt in my life, and I have never fdt so cold since, but the mois ture seemed to pour off my body. I called no one to my assistance; all I realised was that God had permitted me to see her once more, and perhaps He might send her to me again. But He has not done so, and, probably, now, He never will. I lay awake all night afterwards, hoping for—and, I think, almost expecting—her again, and after the day had dawned I fell asleep. > Before telling my stoiy to anyone, and dreading unspeakably sll the doubting and sarcastic speeches which such a narra tion would inevitably call forth, I sent for my; doctor, an old and trusted friend, and after making him talk rationally to me for some time, I asked him whether he considered me in an exaltie state, or whether I had ever betrayed any hysterical tendencies. He reassured me heartily, on these points, and then askecl my reasons for such ques tionings.-' I'ihereupon opened my heart to him,' and he neither ridiculed nor dis believed, but, on the contrary, told me another case of the same kind which had lately happened to a friend of his ; but he strongly advised me to keep my own counsel at present (which I did for some time), and kindly added that he not only did not look upon me as a lunatic, but simply as a woman for whom one corner of the curtain which guarded the unseen had been lifted. In conclusion, I repeat I am ready to vouch or the truth of every word here set down, and also, should it be required, to give names—in private—to satisfv those who doubt. —Strand Magazine. Atticus' latest story :—They were jackeroo miners, but had tackled the work gamely, and although their shaft was about as perpendicular as a dog's hind leg they were doing all that hard work could do to get her down, When they made shooting country it distressed them very much, but after receiving directions from a comparative veteran up the gully they managed to drill a hole and charge it. Half an hour later, when the veteran called to see how they were gettiug on, he found the two mates dropping shovel fuls of live coals down the shaft and i anxiously waiting for the explosion. J The new giant, whose name is Wilkins, is 22 years of age. He was born at . St. Paul, Minnesota, United States of America. < He is 8 feet 2 inches in height, and weighs 3861bs. He weighed 10£lbs. at birth* and .did not grow until the fourth year. In his eighteenth year he had grown pretty nearly to his present height. His parents were of normal height, as are his brothers and sister. He wears a 24 shoe and a 14 glove. His ring on the third finger will encircle a penny. He takeB a 9^ hat and a 21 inch collar. Ac cording to German professors he is the only physically perfect giant ever known, his only blemish being aslightly misshapen face, the result of an accident. He eats on an average about three times as much as an ordinary person. /He is perfectly intelligent, and a skilled and enthusiastic ■ amateur photographer. ..a Soke.eyes 1 ! Beyond doubt^MjpKass's IMPERIAL EVE OINTMENT. IS StjlMffie safest, speediest and best remedy igpRstence. For over fifty yearsJt has. wtudjro really marvel lous cures in tMs&e; cojflnes, as tejtimonials will show. yer^^Pnsehold is advised to keep a snppW-Mreys on hand, and imme diately apply*Bjwhen weakness or soreness is felt through; dust, heat, flies, exposure to beat or cold, exceesve reading or writing, &c.;, and thuB save further trouble and expense. Avoid all imitations and substi tutes offered in place of this valuable Oint ment. Having stood the severest test of time, no family can afibrd to be without it. Sold everywhere in pote,:2B.,* containing suf ficient forsix or morecas&B.; 