PRESENTATIONS TO THE RIGHT REV. DR. MAHER. On Friday evening several of the priests of the Port Augusta Diocese made pre sentation to Bishop Maher on behalf of the clergy and laity of the diocese. There were present Rev. Fathers O'Dowling, S.J., J. H. Norton, R. Doyle, and P Cleary who, with several of the priests of the arch diocese, assembled at West Terrace to present the Bishop with a handsome gold pectoral cross and chain, emblems of his office, and addresses from the priests and laity of the Port Augusta District. The cross was made of solid gold with the exception of a reliquary for containing the relics of the saints. It was set with five amethyst stones and was of 18 carat gold, being inches long and 3 inches wide. The work was done at Mr. Brunkhorst's, Bundle Street, and was very creditable. At the back of the cross were the words— " R.dmo Jacobo Maher Epis. Portus- Augustana Ejus Sacerdotes Hanc Cruceni cum Catena Ex affect, mo Corde donarunt. vii. Kal. Mai. mdcccxcvi." The address presented by the priests was prepared by the Good Samaritan Nuns at Port Pirie, and the address from the laity was the work of the Sisters of St. Joseph in the Diocese of Port Augusta. Both were very artistically and carefully done, and they might well be proud at the result. Father Norton read the address from the priests, and Father O'DowlingS. J., made the presentation of the cross on their behalf. The addresses and replies are as follow:— " TO HIS LORDSHIP THE EIGHT REV. JAMES MAHEE, D.D., BISHOP OP POET AUGUSTA. " Beloved Father in Christ and Lord—We, the clergy, secular and regular, of the Diocese of Port Augusta, affectionately and familiarly unite on this the eve of your episcopal consecration to offer you our warmest and most cordial congratulations, and to testify our mutual joy and righteous pride that our Holy Father Leo XIII. has so singularly selected you from our ranks to fill the exalted office of second bishop of the see. " When the diocese became vacant and we were deprived of the kindly and paternal guidance of the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily by his translation to the more important Archiepiscopal See of Adelaide, we felt our loss very keenly. But when we remember that you were truly his Fidus Achates, and to you were entrusted the duties of the Vicar-Generalship, and after wards to your prudent care was committed the still more responsible post of Adminis trator, we feel that our lot is now a happy one, and we assure you that your appoint ment gives us profound satisfaction. Each of us may gladly say—' Funes ceciderunt mihi in praeclaris: etenim haereditas mea praeclara est mihi.'—Psalms, vx., 6. "We have every reason to believe, as we hope, that your reign will be blessed by Divine Providence with most abundant fruits; and inasmuch as the needs and responsibilities, as well as the utmost capabilities of the diocese are already so well known to you, we are quite confident its pastoral jurisdiction will be in wise and able hands. Although gigantic work has been accomplished in the past under our late beloved bishop, yet much remains to be done for the final liquidation of the diocesan liabilities, the general advancement of religion, and the union in closer and more organised bonds of the Catholic body for the securing of our just claims on the education question. In earnestly seeking to attain these desirable ends we pledge ourselves to co-operate with your lordship in as zealous and devoted a way as our human frailty,-aided by Divine grace can effect. •*<«>«'j " As a tribute of our affectionate attach ment and priestly esteem, we beg you to accept the pectoral cross and chain—some of the insignia of your office—which it is our privilege to present to you. Wishing you many years of health and happiness, and praying our good and merciful God to bless your episcopal labors, we are, your devoted fellow workers in the Lord's vine yard, the priests of the Diocese of Port Augusta. " W. O'Dowling, S.J. A. Pabsch, S.J. " John H. Norton. F. J. Carroll, S.J. " S. Karlinger, S.J. W. Dumphy. " K. Doyle. E. A. Mulcahy. " P. Cleary. W. Doyle. "Thomas O'Connor. M. Ward. " J. E. Neubauer, S.J. A. Kristen, S.J. " April 25, 1896." In reply Bishop Maher said:—Very Bev, and Rev. Fathers—It is a source of very special pleasure to me to receive this kind address from you, my fellow- laborers in the diocese, to which you and I have long been so fondly attached. The ties which united us together heretofore as brother-priests and fellow "dispensers of the mysteries of God" were surely sacred, firm, and strong. As the royal psalmist says :—" Qui simul mecum dulces capiebas cibos: in domo Dei ambulavimus cum consersu." (Ps. liv., 15.) But those ties which bind us are still more closely knit now that I, so unworthy, am called upon by the grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See to preside over you with whom I fain would have remained on an equality. You must be quite aware that personally I had no wish for the responsible position which has been placed upon me. But when appointed by the Vicar of Christ and the Successor of St. Peter I felt myself constrained at once to obey; and hence, no matter what were my own sentiments and however intimate was the knowledge of my own unworthiness, I accepted the office to which I humbly presume I am now called by God. Your affectionate words therefore confirm me in this consideration, and the courage thereby engendered is a happy omen that our relations as priests and bishop, begun so cordially, with God's blessing, will cause my duties, in spite of many frailties and your labors, always full of sacrifice, to be pleasant and fruitful. I am heart and soul with you when you declare that we all keenly deplored the loss to the diocese of our late beloved bishop the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, who now with such zeal and self-sacrifice, so characteristic of theman, successfully rules the affairs of the Archdiocese. None, indeed, felt his translation more deeply than I. To liim also we must all be ever grateful, that with our Lord's helping grace he bequeathed to us a splendid legacy, the vivid memory of his many good works and untiring labors in the interests of the diocese generally, and especially the efforts made and the signal success achieved in the liquidation of its liabilities. In very truth, as you so touchingly note, " the lines are fallen unto us in goodly places, and our inheritance is a goodly one." Not that any merit is especially mine as due to my past official connections with the see, as you in such laudatory terms infer, but that the happy issue is tbe result" of the thorough unanimity which existed between the bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratifying to me to find you pledging yourselves to co- operate with me in the future government of the diocese, and promising to second in heart and deed every act of mine for the welfare and advancement of religion and the salvation of souls. Of this I required no assurance on your part; on that score no misgiving occupied my thoughts. Be assured that no efforts will be spared on my side, as far as God gives me strength, to bring about the happy issue which you and I mutually long for and hope by our united wisdom and energy to attain. I am deeply grateful to you for your valued address and for the beautiful pre sentation with which it is accompanied. The cross will constantly serve to remind me of our Divine Master who died for us, and whose ministers we are; while the chain by its many united links in one harmonious whole will be a fitting emblem of the lasting and friendly union which I trust will ever continue to exist between the bishop, priests, and people of the diocese. Hence I accept them most thank fully, very rev. and rev. fathers, and with you I beseech our heavenly Father to grant us all to be ever faithful to our high vocation, indefatigable in the works of our holy ministry and to walk always so as to be worthy hereafter to receive the crown of eternal life. The address from the laity reads thus :— "EIGHT EEV. JAMES MAHEB, D.D., BT THE GBACE OP GOD AND FAVOE OP THE APOSTOLIC SEE, BISHOP OP POET AUGUSTA. " My Lord — We, the undersigned, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta , venture to approach your lordship on this solemn occasion of your consecration as Bishop of Port Augusta to tender you our heartfelt congratulations to assure you of our attachment to your person and our devotedness to the cause you represent. " On the Feast of Saints Philip and James —just eight years ago to-day—your pre decessor, the first Bishop of Port AngUBta, now Archbishop of Adelaide, was con secrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. His advent amongst us was hailed, as well it should be, with delight. Owing to the then state of the diocese the labors which were imposed on him, and which were inseparable from his high and holy office, proved to be most arduous $ the monetary, difficulties with which he had to contend were simply enormous, and the obstacles with which he was confronted seemed' almost insurmountable. Yet, with the help of the Almighty God and the co-operation of a zealous clergy and a generous people, all difficulties speedily vanished. A new order of things soon prevailed, to the gain of religion and the satisfaction of ourselves and our northern co-religionists. " But why do we make mention of those things to your lordship, who, in your capacity of Vicar-General of the Diocese, knew them better than we did, and re members them as well as we do ? Because it was your lordship, with that wisdom with which you are endowed from on high, who pointed out the best course to pursue to bring about such a desirable change in the • state of affairs. Because it was you who by your noble example stimulated both priests and people to make persistent efforts to attain the end held up to our view and so dear to your heart and the heart of your predecessor. These are but a few of the many reasons which can be assigned for reverting to the past history of the diocese, and few though they be they go far to prove your fitness for the sublime dignity to which you are raised and the wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiff in selecting you for it. " A little more than 26 years ago you, as a young priest, came to South Australia. During those many years you have ministered to the faithful in many parts of the province. Your zeal and great labors for the glory of God and the welfare of souls have been blessed with abundant fruit. Your many virtues have endeared you to all with whom you have come in contact, and your able administration of the diocese during the interregnum has been fittingly crowned by your elevation to the plenitude of the sacerdotal office. " One thing yet remains. Life is but a weary pilgrimage. The attainment of the end for which we were created is the one thing above all to be desired and striven for. May it then be the happy lot of your lordship and of the flock entrusted to your pastoral care to enter the portals of eternal glory and to sing the praises of God for all eternity. Begging your blessing." Here follow eight signatures. Bishop Maher replied:—My Dear Friends —The kind congratulations which, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta,, you offer me on this happy day reveal an earnest spirit of goodwill towards me, and are a manifest pledge of a true Catholic faith in and devotion to the sacred charge which I now hold. The beautiful address, through which your expressions of esteem are conveyed, is a welcome message from the cathedral city of the diocese. I accept it therefore with much pleasure, inasmuch as it encourages me to undertake the heavy burthen of the episcopal office with a lighter heart. It will serve to remind me in the future—during whatever time God's merciful care may spare me—of some of the pleasing circumstances connected with this joyous occasion, and, let us hope, nerve me to greater zeal in the work of the holy ministry. Tou make reference to my illustrious predecessor, the venerated Archbishop of Adelaide and to his providential appoint ment and consecration as the first bishop of the see. You call to mind the feelings of joy excited by his coming amongst us nigh eight years ago. You accentuate these gladsome remembrances by a brief review of that instructive chapter in our history which contains the narrative of the heroic struggle and unwearied labors undertaken by his Grace Dr. O'Reily for the liquidation of the debts then burthening the diocese, and especially those of the cathedral parish. The happy contrast supplied by the com parison of the opening and the closing pages of that period is a matter of mutual satis faction and just pride to us all. To the magnetic influence, generous spirit, and self-denying exertions of Dr. O'Reily the initiation and the final success of the entire movement are solely due. But when you, my friends, in your exuberant good nature would fain seek to emphasise your greetings by giving me praise far above my deserts for any success achieved in that marvellous work I must disclaim such honor, knowing that I was but a unit in the fray. The attainment of our anxious desires is to be attributed under God's blessing chiefly to our late beloved bishop, as I have already indicated, and then, as you rightly point out, to the generous Catholic spirit and. singular unanimity which animated both clergy and people in every part of the diocese. God grant that the same solid and binding ties—unity of purpose, which our holy faith inspires, and generosity of spirit, which is the fruit of Christian hope and charity— may firmly knit us together in the future as the past. May the many religious works which still, claim our zeal and sympathy find response as prompt, active, and effica cious as characterised the early efforts made in the diocese in the interests of religion. Your felicitations end with a pious and salutary thought. Life is, you truly declare, but a weary pilgrimage. It is, too, a constant warfare amid the exile. Whatever span God graciously allots us in this vale of tears should therefore be care fully spent in seeking our final end—" the one thing necessary." (Luke x., 42.) Time flies quickly and when past 'tis gone for ever; it leaves no trace behind. In the pursuit of the only noble, the one blessed bnsiness of saving our souls let us not halt nor falter by the way. Day by day, let us all, bishop, priests, ■ and people, fight and strive to know, love, and serve our God, so as to come to enjoy Him hereafter in a happy eternity. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." (II. Corinthians xiii., 13.) n h n 