1ME JIAJiZ HE I HE. In 1825 Heine published the famous Harz Reis*, a journal of a pedestrian tour through the Harz mountains. The prose was •distinguished for its freshness, wit, literary power, grace of •diction, gaiety and audacity. The book literally took the world of readers by storm, and, together with the “ Book of Songs ” published in the same year, made the writer famous. I have attempted the translation of two passages from the Reise ” in order to convey some idea—though, unhappily, but a very faint one—of the original. Some of Heine’s verses are without their due context when removed from the charming prose ithey illustrated. The.sun rose. The mists fled like ghosts at the cock-crow. Again I strode up and down hill, while before me the glorious Bunshine soared, lighting up new beauties each instant. The Spirit of the Mountains openly favoured me. Right well he knew that such a poetic one as I could fully recount his many -charms. So, this morning Jbe displayed his Harz as rarely mortal has been privileged to see it. I also showed myself to the TP!We as very few have ever seen me. On my eyelashes glistened pearls as precious as those which sparkled in his grassy vales. Love’s morning dew moistened my cheeks. The rustling fir trees understood me. They spread their branches wide apart, and moved them hither and thither like dumb friends waving their hands to show their joy. From the distance rang out mystic, wonderful tones, like the far-off chiming of bells from some hidden, forgotten, forest Kirk. I learned afterwards that it was the sound of the distant herd-bells, which, in the Harz region, have a peculiarly clear, pure, and lovely tone. “ The sun’s position'told me that it was mid-day just as I chanced on such a herd ; and the herd-lad—a good-humoured fair young fellow—told me that the great hill, at the foot of which I stood, was the world-famous Brocken. There was no house for many leagues around, and I was glad enough when the herd- laddie invited me to share his meal. We sat down to a dejeuner-dinatoire consisting of bread and cheese. The sheep nibbled the crumbs. The pretty, glossy kine sprang about and roguishly chimed their bells, while they gazed at us with their great, pleasant eyes. We dined right royally: my host, in par ticular, bore himself like a genuine king; and, as he is the only monarch who ever broke bread with me, let me sing of him in royal style:— Oh, a King is the Shepherd-boy, Throned high on hillocks green ; Overhead, the great, bright sun Forms his golden crown, I ween. At his feet recline the sheep, Red-cross’d, soft-limb’d, courtier-crowd; Calves are wand’ring cavaliers, As they swagger by so proud. Court-comedians are the goats ; And the kine, with bells so grand, And the birds, with fluting notes, Form his chorus and his band. And they chime and sing so sweetly, While, with pleasant lullabies, Waterfalls and fir-trees murmur, That the King, in slumber, lies. Meanwhile, worn with cares of state, Governs cabinet-minister Hound; And his growling bark of warning Echoes from the hills around. Drows’ly mutters the youthful King : “ Oh, ’tis weary work to reign— Would that I at home, in peace,. By my Queen’s side might remain. “ Softly rests my royal head On the breast of my dear Queen, While, within her lovely eyes, Kingdoms, measureless, are seen.” Pretty and dainty as is this picture, the next is perhaps still more charming—certainly more fanciful: “ The sun shed down his festal rays, lighting up the humours of the parti- coloured garb of the touring students, who thronged so gaily through the thickets—here, lost to view, there, again in sight, leaping lightly over marshy spots, running along fallen tree-trunks, scrambling up the climbing roots from steep gullies —shouting joyously at the highest pitch of their voices, and re ceiving merry answers from the chirping forest-fowl, from the rustling fir-trees, from the invisible, rippling rivulets, from the reverberating echoes. When jocund Youth and joyous Nature' foregather, each is glad in the other’s gladness. “ The deeper I penetrated, the more bewitchingly murmured the underground waters, which, only here and there, under rock and bramble bush, glistened into view for an instant, as if they were secretly debating whether to step boldly forth into the light or not. Finally, a tiny rill sprang resolutely in the opem . . . Then a throng of other rivulets sprang firmly fronn their ambush, and united themselves with the first bold rill, and rapidly formed quite an imposing streamlet, which rushed down the valley in uncountable waterfalls, and by wonderful wind ing ways. “It is now the Ilse—the sweet, lovable Ilse. She glides through the enchanted Ilse-Yale, on whose sides the gradually heightening hills are clad with beech trees and oaks, while the customary leafy undergrowth extends to her very feet .... It is indescribable with what gladsome simplicity and grace the Ilse casts herself adventurously over the strangely-shaped rocks she meets in her course. Here, her waters wildly spring up wards in hissing spray, or flow over in creamy foam; there, from every form of rocky crevice, as from full waterspouts, she pours down in clear bows ; there, again, she trips over the pebbles like a brisk little maid. “ Yes, the folk-saying is true ! The Ilse is a princess, that, laughing and blooming, dances down from the hills. How her white foam-gown gleams gay in the sunshine ! How her silvern breast-veils flutter in the winds ! How her diamonds sparkle and glitter ! The tall beeches stand on her banks like grave parents, secretly pleased to witness the mettlesome play of their lovely child; the white birch-trees, like sympathetic maiden aunts are alarmed at the dancing leaps ; the grim oak-trees stand like peevish uncles who must disburse for the joys of the fine weather Birds fill the air with exulting applause, flowers whisper tenderly:—“ 0, take us with, take us with, darling sister! ” But the joyous maiden springs unregarding onwards, and suddenly seizes a dreamy poet. “ There streams upwards to me a flower-rain of toning rays, and of raying tones—my senses swim in a soft delirium of pure splendour, and I hear naught but the sweet flute-like voice chanting; “ I am the Princess Ilse, I dwell in the Ilsenstein ; Come with me to my castle, In bliss we’ll fleet the time. “ I’ll moisten thy brows, beloved, With my waves, pure and clear, Thou’It all thy woes forget, then, Thou sorrow-stricken dear. “ In my white arms soft-resting. On my, white breast thou’lt lie ; Dreaming of fairy pleasures, Of old days long fled by. “ I’ll kiss thee and I’ll fondle, As I kiss’d, once, and caress’d My dearly-loved King Heinrich, Who’th long in death found rest. “ But the dead, in death remain still, ’Tis the living alone who live— And I am young and blooming, My heart-beats laughter give. “ Come down into my Castle, My crystal stronghold proud; There dance the knights and damsels, ’Mid joyous vassal crowd. “ There, silken trains are rustling ’Mid ringing spurs of steel; There dwarfs play drums and fiddles While horns and trumpets peal. “ But I’ll clasp my arms around thee As I clasp’d King Henry round ; His ears with my soft palms closing When trumpet-tones did sound.” # J.G. 