DUNEDIN DIOCESE. Conseffiatfoii of Bishop Verflon, The First in lew Zealand. ImpOBlnB -Ceremonies— The Visiting . Prelates. ' 'Tho'flrst consecration in New Zealand of ,'nLishop of the Boman Catholic Church Jtpok piace on May 3 at St. Joseph's Cathe- -"iral, Dunedin, wlion, in the prosonce of IlUmerous dignitaries of the church, includ- -mg rnoao noiaing nigneao ruuit m the colonies, Monsignor Yordon was eonsfecrated as successor of the late Dr' Moran as Bishop of the See of Dunedin. ' the interest attaching to the occasion was considerable that the cathedral was crpwdod.to excess at each of the services of the day., :Tho actual ceremony of consecra tion was; performed in the forenoon with all thelites. prescribed for such an important s-, institution — Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of 'Sydney, acting as consccrator, and Bishop Murray,, of Maitland, N.S.W., and Bishop Grimes.of Christchurch, being tho assist ant bishops, Tho Very Bov. Bather Lenilian -.- (administrator of tho dio cese of Auckland) and tho Very Rev. Bather Devoy, S.M. (vicar-general r0f the arch-diocese of Wellington) "noted a3 chaplains to tho Cardinal. The "V cry Bev. Bather Gumming, S.M. (vicar- general of the diocese of Christchurch), was the chaplain't6"13ishop Grimes, and the Very wRev. Father Care w, S.M. (Greymouth), chap lain to Bishop Murray. Tho Very Bo vs. , "Bather O'-Lenry (Lawrence) and Dr. Egan, ;O.S.B. (of St. Benedict's, Auckland) also ..officiated as - chaplains. Tho masters of .ceremonies were tho Very Bev. Dr. ".OIHaran (secretary to Cardinal Moran) ,nnd the Bev. Bathers Burke and Murphy. The Very Bev. Bather Mackay (Oanmru) ' ;>!-:tod Dr. Egan, O.S.B. (Auckland), acted as cantors. The Very Bev; Bather- Dyneli iead the "pontifical :briof of . nppoihtwOntv i, -Each of the dioceses in the colony was repre- ."Sentedinthe sanctuary. 1 In accordance with thannciont practice ,:.of.'tho Roman- Catholic Church, tho officiat ing dignitaries with the bishop-elect aro re quired to .go in procession to the church in which- the ceremony of consecration is to take place, and punctually at 10 o'clock — "the time appointed for the commencement of the service — the prescribed procession was formed in front of the bishop's palace. (Cardinal Moran took his seat at tho altar, tmd vDr. Verdon, wearing his biretta, was presented to him by Bishops Murray and , Grimes. The Cardinal having called for /.the brief authorising the consecration, the document was read, by tho Very Bev. ..Father Lynch, as notary, after winch tho bishop-elect, kneeling before tho Cardinal, . who .was , still seated at tho altar, recited in Latin the' oath of duty and fidelity. At the: conclusion of the recital of the formulary, the bishop-elect, still kneeling -before the Cardinal, touched with both ..hands the Book of the Gospels,- and it lay open in the latter's lap, and said, " So may . Ood help me, and these Holy Gospels of." -God."- The prescribed examination /then took place, and the various ques tions having been satisfactorily answered, Cardinal Moran, laying 'aside his mitre, began the Mass, in which he was assisted '.by the bishop-elect, who had laid aside the .cope . and assumed tho pectoral cross, .'in tunic, dalmatic, and chasuble with stole uncrossed. Tho duties of tho , episcopacy were thereafter concisely : Stated by the Cardinal, sitting at the altar.' . During tho singing of the Litany, which . followed, Dr. Verdon was prostrated or tlie left of tho consecrator, and all tno Others— congregation and clergy — knelt except Cardinal Moran, who, towards ' tlie "end, thrice ' pronounced a clause of blessing over tho bishop-elect. A sacred canticle adapted to the occasion was intoned . by. Cardinal Moran, who, on bonded ' knees, next invoked the H!oly Ghost in the " Veni Creator' Spiritus." Tlie crozier, or pastoral staff, and the ring were next c<blessed,.-and the latter was placed on tho right hand of the new Bishop, who, following a relic of ancient discipline, ,th"en mndo an offering, consisting of two lighted torches, two loaves and two ; qiiiamental small barrels of wine. The Mass \- "ivas then continued with some additional ' prayers for the occasion, and Dr. Verdon communicated in both kinds with Cardinal \- Moran. After the Solemn Benediction, the , toitre and gloves were blessed, and pi iced '- respectively on the head and on the hands of the new bishop, whom the Cardinal and Bishop Murray then conductod to the opis- \- copal chair, after which the former handed . the pastoral staff to Dr. Verdon. Tho "Te Doom " .was then given, and during the . singing, of it Bishop Verdon, still attended py Bishops Murray and Grimes, proceeded (Ipwin the niiddlo 'aisle of the cathedral and ' riBtnrned.to the sanctuary by the northern ; Dtislb, bestowing the pontifical blessing as ''-he-went. The Mass was then closed in the usual way. ' - ; - : . , Archbishop Bedwood then ascended the pulpit and delivered tlie consecration ser- >mon. . ' r, This concluded tlie forenoon' service, ex- ' cept. that members of tlio Boman Catholic .congregations wero afforded ail opportunity of. rendering homage to the newly conse crated bishop. : .'.In th'e'evoning the cathedral was again ' full to overflowing before the time for the ' service to commence. His Eminence tho ; Cardinal did not attend tho evening service, ; but the other church dignitaries and all the clergy already named wero present. The "Most Bev. Bishop Verdon occupied tlie episcopal throne. ;The. Benediction of tho Blessed Sacro- ment then took place. Bishop Verdon offi ciating,- with Bather Mackay -as deacon, Bather Walsh as sub- deacon, and Bather Murphy as master of ceremonies. The -Sacrament having been removed, tho ' addresses were then presented in the sanc- : tunry," and Bishop Verdon replied at con siderable length. 