FEMALE DEVELOPMENT. " Do plain girls ever become pretty?" aske a correspondent. The answer is, Not alwavs. Sometimes a girl of ordinary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and, if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be goodlooking. How often the tall, bony, awkw?rd girl—trie acknowledged ugly duckling of the famil3-—develops into a perfect specimen ol lovely woman ! The bony limbs havo rounded themselves, plump soft flesh has filled up unsightly hollows, tne squareness and angularity are departed, and the budding woman is delicate^ proportioned as Venus. Just so the plain girl of seventeen may in time become the attractive young lad}- of twenty-four or so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of expression often changes considerably as the girl grows older, gi*ng to the features a beauty that was not traceable before. Beauty often deserts tho lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play serious havoc with a handsome face; and not these alone, for Nature, of her own accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a ver}' ghost of its former self, 'ihe features are not altered so much as the expression, jnd expression has a deal to do with the beauty of cguntenancc. In fact, a plain face owes much of its unattractiveness to its lack of expression—there is a heaviness and stolidity about it; whereas a beautiful one, it Lot actually bristling -with animation, has a graceful airiness and ease that adds greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution; for as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transformation. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostl\ T f :r tile better. How often one hears the remark among friends, meeting after some few years of absence, "How you have altered; I really, shouldn't havo known you!" Plain gills, ther. fe:e, ara not always plain; and healthy exerinse, happiness, and oonteulmeut, with"care and attention, mav do much toward the development of good looks and general attractiveness. The I^eap Year woman, says a writer in the Geiitlcico)}iant possesses one striking idiosvncrasj-, or shall I say peculiarity? She appears to think that it is always Leap Year. Take her behaviour towards the opposite sex — this confession of facts is exceedingly apparent. Ffr she proposes out of due season, ana, if checked, laugfiingi}' covers her confusion by pretending that the whole thing was a joke, and that she imagined it was Leap Year. Yes, there are women who propose. One well-known man in London has been proposed to seven times by the tame girl, ana ha£ always found himself obliged to refuse ths honour. Another girl, now- married, stated openly that she only accepted her present husband because the man she wanted to marry refused to marrv her. 