CROSS POLLÍSTATION. The majority-of our fruit, says the San Francisco Chronicle, cornea from email orchards. The majority of the fruit which pays a profit, in our opinion, comes from large orchards. This is utterly contrary to the theory upon which the fruit industry has generally been encouraged in this State. It has been assumed that the fruit industry meant the greatest passible subdivision of land holdings and profitable work for the farmer and his family. And it would seem that this would be the case. The large orchardist cannot possiby compete with the smallest orchardist on equal terms. But he does not compete on equal terms.. He has . , the advantage of capital, which gives him leisure, and he uses his brains. He is usually a better businessman, and investigates before he acts. Among the things which the large orchardist knows more about than the «mall one is the importance of so planting as to assure the pollination of all his trees. There are very few large orchards in which-this is not carefully provided for. There are very few small ones in which it h/jg^been given much thought, although it is trae that the habit of small growers to fi]l_up their orchards with mixed lots of trees in a measure makes this good. lt is suiprising to learn how many varieties of fruit mere are which will not fertilise themselves, or only do so very imperfectly. Many varieties of straw- berries have no pistilate flowers, and. so common a fruit as the Bon Chretian pear will-bear-very lightly unless other varieties are planted with it. Almonds notoriously require this treatment. The hearing ol some varieties of all fruits seems to be capable of improvement under conditions assuring cross fertili- sation. Among these is certainly the olive. At a meeting of the. Southern California Pomológica! Society a year or two since John S. Callans read a carefully pre- pared paper, showing the result of care- ful experiments in cross pollination of the olive by hand. Of course this is a tedious and expensive process, and the results where attained ave by no means conclusive, hut the data gathered hy many workers in this field show the great importance of a thorough inider standing of the subject by orchaxdists. The fact is, and orchaidists cannot tinderstand it too quickly, that horticul- ture is a science, and in the competition which is «oming the slipshod grower who cannot or will not use brains bas not the ghost of a chance of survival. > BUNBOBY HARBOUR Wowts.-By procla . station, dated the 2nd inst., His > Excellency the Governor bas authorised the Director of Public Works, and his > agents and ßer vants, to remove and dig for such stores or other materials > on Leschenault location Ko. 1, containing 103,000 acres, as may be [ > required for the Bunpnrr Harbour Works, 