BILLABONG JOE. PUNCH ALMANAC PRIZE STORY. IT was A burning II<>I .d'tcniooii in the niiddl<* of February. Solilu-ii' MM'HII'I] to rci^n supreme upon the Old Man I'l.-iins : not ;i stick, nor .stone, imr tree eould be seen as fin as Die eve could reach, ami tin' oi.lv fnnliltl" s-ound was the occasional bWliii"- oi' tile sheep lis 1bey tried |,v standing in line to >ri't into (ho si-mi shude tin-own by the wire fences. Hut soon smother siimiil breaks the stillness-- tin: noise of horse.s I'.interinfr. 'JVo riders, ;i lady ami tfentiemaii, come " in si^lit, frightening the .sleepy sheep. Tire man is voim^, with a good, honest, manly face nevertheless. The tfirl is rather toll and slight, with brown hair, and that beauty which is the birthright of youth and happiness—nothing more. Yet each thought, the other the most perfect type oi' their sex, for they were engaged lovers. The loneliness of the scene did not seem in any way to depress them, for they were canl-ering briskly, holding each other's hand, as is the style in New South Wales, and singing " My (Jrandfather'.s Clock " to the time of their horse's feet. The young man's name was Archibald Harding, his companion's Winnifred M'Leish ; but these had been shortened to Archie and Winnie. They were both children of selectors, and had been born on the 01.1 Man Plains. Our two young friends rode on for another half-hour. It was far too hot a day to tra vel fast, but suddenly a mob of kangaroos started from the grass. This was too much for tin' horses, and they gave chase, their riders being not at all opposed to a good gallop. It matters not how tired or old oi 1 starved the horse lhat has been bred 011 the plains may be, he can never resist the temptation to chase a mob of kangaroos. It is the force of habit. A mile at this pace brought the riders to a zinc liu1, in front of which stood a young man. Here they reined up and allowed tin," kangaroos to depart ill peace. " Good afternoon, Jack," said Archie to the youth ; " is this where you are 'i" "Yes," replied the young fellow, " and I've never put in such a time in my life before. .Barring the presence of the emu, I haven't seen a soul for a week." He here pointed to a gaunt, hungry-looking bird that was strutting majestically round the hut. This bird was 110 favourite with visitors ; it was reputed to be an epicure, and to have a particular fancy for the human eye. " '-•--- " 1 wish," continued the lad, " that: there were no such things as dummies. You know, the inspector lias been in the district, and we are supposed to reside 011 our blocks ol' land, and here have I been stuck for a week expecting him every day, and all the fun that's going 011 at home I'm out of. 1 tell you what, old man, it's that lonely that I'd be glad to be stuck-up by the most bloodthirsty bushranger in Australia. I would not: even mind meeting Hillabong.loe. And when it gets dark, the way the dingoes how] round this hut is something awful. I believe they smell me. What 011 earth father wanted me to be a dummy for when lie has nine others I don't know. J , I aujjjjose suppose lie lie inmKs thinks J T am am 110 110) likely to turn round and keep the land from him hii You're a. lucky fellow, Archie vour dad never ha .jad any dummies. Harding was 011 the point of saving, " Mv father is an honest man," but checked himself, as he thought the remark rather too insinuating. " I'll tell you what, Jack,"he said, "Winnie and I will come in and have a pannikin of tea if you have the billy boiling : perhaps we may lie able to cheer you up a bit ; Winnie, at any rate, will be able to sympathise with you, as she expects' 1o be alone all day I0-11101T0W, as- the boy:- 1 will be away drafting sheep." •So ihe 1 wo young people dismounted, and in a few miiiiile.s the zinc hut was ringing with their merry laughter: Winnie insisted 011 making the lea, and even succeeded in making friends with the emit, who took bread from her hand, although he would doubtless have preferred an eye. The time passer! so pleasantly lhat it was five ./clock before tbey again mounted their horses, and as 1 hey gripped young Jack .Murdoch by the hsind 1o wish him good-bye it was well thai' t liey did not know that it was the Last time they would ever grasp his hand, or how different would 1 hat evening ride across the plain have been. An hour after this little scene we again see our young friends, but they are not looking so happy. Their horses are not so close together, and they are not riding with clasped hands or singing. The truth is. they have quarrelled. Only some silly lover's .juarrel, 110 doubt, some imaginary slight or foolish grievance: but lovers are rarely .juite .sai<\ and to them the quarrel for the time being was vevy veal, They were Hearing Winnie's home, and as thev drew up to the gate Archie helped her to alight Vom her horse. He -heard the merry laughter of her three brothers inside. He did not. stop to sp 'ak to them, hut touching his hat. rode away. He fancied himself the most miserable man in the universe. He was eternally separated from Winnie. (Why is everything eternal with lovers r) Then a mob of kangaroos started frightened from the grass. Archie's horse bounded forward, but- lie reined him in almost savagely, and then, changing his mind, touched him with his spurs and travelled the remainder of his homeward journey at a pretty smart pace. He was greeted at the stables by five or six dogs, but they did not get their usual caress. He fed his horse and then stood outside, oppressed by the solemn stillness. Inside, Archie's brothers and sisters were just finishing their tea. They greeted liim pleasantly but they saw at once that he was not iu the V of tempers. " Mind, boys," said Arcliie, as he retired in, the. night, "you have to be up at five o'd<4 to- morrow morning to draft sheep on the Uici station; because father is away is no reaas why we should loaf ; so Kitty, if you are awafa. give me a call, please." Nothing went right in the Harding fainilt without- Kitty. She had, to a certain extent, filled the place ti their mother, who had died three years befoit. and had always been the counsellor and friend i,j her brothers. The boys had not long retired to rest when : horse was heard cantering towards the house As its rider perceived the Harding family retired for the night, he wtnt to Archie's window. " I am from Warragul Station," } if, said, "and the boss sent m f to tell you that Billabong Joe has stuck-up the bank Jerilderie and got off with g lot of money. He is now outlawed ; and the Government lias offered a hundred pounds for him, living or dead,: there's a chance for jon. Archie." It may be as Velj to explain here that Billabouj Joe, whose real name Joseph Fenton, was a notorious bushranger, whom the pofe had vainly tried to capture fct several weeks. It is needless to say thity; this piece of informstion,concerning him kept tlie boys awake for a considerable timfi,',bnt after deciding tosav nothing to their sister or the children about it they finalij fell asleep. The morning dawned bright and clear and intensely hot. Kitty had the boys awake at daylight an hour afterwards they wiv riding briskly away, with; pack of sheep-dogs following them. She was not in the least nervous at being left with the children, she so used to it; besides, she hourly expecting her father home. A very matter-of-fact young lady was Kitty; an < maid she thought hersell having attained the ripe of twenty-six years. Five years before she was engagw to be married, but death had come and claimed lier bridegroom on the day that was to have been their wedding-day. Kitty never spoke of him, lrat when her brothers were safely out of the way she used to unlock a box and read the letters he load written to her and look at his presents. She was engaged in this melancholy pastime when she was startled by a loud voice saying hoarsely, " Is anybody in?" She went to thedoor, and there, seated on a horse that was wliite with foam and panting terribly, sat a man without a hat, his coarse bluet hair blown in tangled curls about his face. He had a hunted expression in Iris glittering grey eyes andwas ghastly pale, but his figure might have stood for that Apollo. "I am Billabong Joe," he said, by way of introduction, "and I want you to help me. The troopers are after me, and my life is in voiu hands. Look here/'he putting his hand in his pocket and drawing out a revolver. " Good Heavens, girl, don't look so pale. I have never stained my hands with the blood of a woman yet, and don't mean to. Say after me, I swear before God Almighty tliat I will not betray you to the troopers." Kitty, in an agony of terror, repeated the words. " You see this revolver," he said, " it is my best friend. I will never be taken alive, and if you had not sworn not to betray me I would have blown my brains out on the spot. Now you can help if you will. I suppose you have a horse in the stable. If so, I want him. A fellow rides hard for his life, you know, and I want to get out of the way of those fiendish troopers." i. wl* dumb with fear, but at his request 11 hun the stable/in which stood a 'V horsf* of her brother's. She was very i, u t no doubt any woman would have uuder similar circumstances. Ha quickly , ;i, ,i t lio lior.se that was in the stable, placing ' " , liretl horse in the stall, and giving ii some bucket of -water. .,, '11 be good to my poor old •ic said, while a softened .,a came for a .moment cyos, and Kitty, terrorilv'.u"'h she was, noticed ... v.as a wan of splendid but before she had V.vply he was gone, riding , ,;k-neck pace, v went- inside, pale and ,, UL ,'. She decided to say ,.<• about her strange visitor .. . liildren. Fight as she iiguinst it, she could not rifling of pity for the man :;].] cast himself upon her She hoped the troopers not call at the house. If :;.l. she resolved not to vt oath, although it was ;hvu to a bushranger. An •b.i.yg'od wearily on, when ml" the sound of horses' .md looking out, saw her hz-others returning. It ]y |,,,)!,- a few minutes to. tell u Iihi- adventure, but to her ,,r Archie ordered Donald to 1, ilirec fresh "horses and k t" y;et the revolver ready. Oli. Archie," she exclaimed, you iii'c not going.after him; I "lii-vi- he would shoot you as . a ,is he would a dingo.". Twi i can play at that," replied hie. " But look here, Kitty; is riisv to see the fellow's game. will make straight for the ct house, which is M'Leish's, nvt ii fresh horse, and poor tii Winnie is quite alone, and ,e voiilil frighten her almost to ieatli. if he did not hurt her, so e must go." KiHy s.iidno more except to beg at tli",v would not fire at him less in self- defence, and the rw young men rode away. They had scarcely got five ilcs on the road/ when they tiei'il that the plain in front of em whs on fire. They took in 1 the Iwrror of the situation at lani v. 'J 1 lie grass was fully two mt lii^'h, and a strong wind from i' south was sweeping the fire ead al a terrific rate. The boys t'w that their own home was on account of the south wind, t the fire was making straight the direction of 31/Ijbisli's nise. whi eli meant far more nicer in Winnie than half-azoii bushrangers. How it ite'l it was impossible to say. oin a bit of broken glass, per- -P=. <»• a spark from a swag- 's pipe. It was impossible the young men to ride trough it . they could only keep hind it, and scarcely dared to >pa for anything. Meanwhile, let us follow Billa- •ng Joe. As Archie had said, he de straight for M'Leish's house; d here, too, fortune seemed to our him, as the men and boys re all away. Winnie, feeling '•y unhappy owing to her recent •rrel with Archie, was working the garden, and being a ii'vous little woman, she got a rible flight when she saw the •d-lookmg horseman. " Get mi' a drink of water," he d. hoarsely. "I'm Billabong V God heavens, girl, don't k at. m,. like that. Must all women and children that aeet shw at me as if I had jusfei\ed iron: the infernal regions?' hu 7 v ; you, but show me e 'iw,' V0 ( U your best horse, an help me to- ' •>> here as quickly as passible." 1:1, 1 not move with fear. "Do you Imow what it is to be outlawed, child V" he continued " Do you know what it is to feel that the bloodhounds are on yo:u- track, and that for one hundred pounds hundreds of your fellowcreatures are willing to send your soul, to perdition'H Show me the horses Winnie started up to lead the way to the stables, but at the same moment they both perceived that the plain was on fire. For a, moment :tHe brute nature in the man predominated. He strode towards the stable and placed his hand on the horse-.s bridle; hut. robber though he was, he still boro in his bosom, as Lowell beautifully expresses it, a spark of the Eternal God. He looked at the horse, but turned away from him a«-ain. I will not leave you, child,'' he said: "] will not leave you; we will die together, but keep walking- from the fire northward. wind was to lull it may not travel so fast." But as he spoke they noticed that the grass and salt-bushes to the north of them were also on fire. Some burning embers must have been carried there by a whirlwind. There was apparently no hope for them. There was nothing to do but stfuid still and wait for Death in oue of his most horrible of forms. Strange as it may seem, Winnie felt inexpressible comfort in the presence of the outlawed robber. It is woman's nature at all times to look up to and seek protection froui man ; and then they were both standing face to face with the great leveller—Death. They were a strange contrast, these two—the innocent girl and the outlawed criminal—but they had one thing in common, and that was their mortality. We can never fully sympathise with another till we have been placed in a similar situation of pain or peril, and in a few minutes a strange bond of sympathy grew up between these two whose lives now seemed to be limited to minutes. The atmosphere was growing very dark and extremely hot, and the smoke was almost suffocating. Flocks of frightened emus ran past them, and oue poor dingo, with its yellow coat all in a blaze, ran snapping and yelping by. Then snakes and iguanas, with the skin peeling off them, crawled feebly past. Winnie had lost all fear of them, as also had they of their natural enemy —man. They were all fleeing before one common foe, only to find that there was no escape, and that they were literally fenced in by the fire. Neither Winnie nor her companion had spoken a word since they left the stable, but now the fire was getting very near them, and Winnie said:— "How long do you think we have to live ? Speak the truth, please." "About ten minutes," he replied. " Only ten minutes ?" said the girl; " only ten minutes, and we shall have ceased to be. Our bodies will have become a heap of ashes, and if we have any souls they will have gone out into the great unknown. Oh, don't you think tliat somebody ought to say a prayer ?" She was very pale and trembling, and the man put his strong arm around her waist. "Oh, do say some kind of a prayer,", she said, "and do not let us die like dogs." " Child," said the man, almost savagely, " you do not know what you axe asking. Am I to break every law of God Almighty all my life and then come whining to Him like a sneaking coward when I am in danger ? Surely you are fitter to pray than I am." " I do not know a prayer," said the girl. " My father did not believe in such things. The maai looked into her eyes, which were fast filling with tears, and out of pity for her he tried to think of one of the prayers he had heard at school. At last the evening collect came to his mind, and he repeated it aloud. The aii' was so dark with smoke that they had not noticed the fast-gathering clouds. They had scarcely dared to hope for rain, but a terrific peal of thunder made Winnie start, and in a few seconds the rain was falling in torrents, a regular tropical shower, and hope, which was well nigh dead, sprang to life again. In a few minutes the fire was well under, • and the plain was ringing with /cheers from the et uis f the - throats of three young men, viz., Archie Harding and his brothers, "who had ridden as 'closely behind the fire as they dared, and who now beheld Winnie, pale as a ghost, supported by the outlaw. " Give us your hand. Billabong JOL'," said Archie. •• God bless you." But the man drew back. "You would not touch my hand, young fellow," be said, "if you knew me better." " Yes, I would," said Archie ; "I would be proud to shake hands with the Devil if he had stood by Miss Winnie in her hour of trial." " But, now, the next thing is to get you out of danger. Come inside, and Winnie will get you a suit of her brother's clothes. Let us cut your hair shorter, and disguise you as best we can. 1 am driving cattle to Melbourne to-morrow. You must cm as my mate. You can sleep in our hut to-night, and I am so well known that no one will suspect you, and I think that you can rely upon the silence of Miss M'Leish and my sister. From Melbourne you can take ship to some foreign port." And this is the way that the young Hardings helped Billabong Joe to escape, after Winnie had (extracted a promise of reformation from him. I make no excuse for their conduct. It was the act of hot, impulsive youth, which is always more glided by emotion tlian by reason. Poor Jack Murdock fell a victim to the fire. His charred remains were found near the hut. The emu, strange to say, escaped. I am sorry that I cannot tell my readers the ultimate fate of Billabong J OE. " Winnie, at any rate, has a soft spot in her heart for him, and often tells hor husband that she would give a great deal to know what has booome of him, for Archie and "Winnie are now man and wife, and they both declare that they owe a debt of gratitude to Billabong Joe, for had it not been for him that dreadful quarrel might never have been made up. KACHKL GrlLMOUJR. 