THE SPOTTER'S WAUNINGJ BT MJRANA W. SHBLDOU. A queer, white face, ghastly as death, glared In at the ?window of Curl Manning's shanty. Oari looked up from his b/ok instinctively. He had heard no sound, but he ft-lt ttie pres ence and just then the moon broke dear from behind a cloud and he saw the ghastly face dis tinctly. '? My God ! How horrible !' he crie'l mvol ODtarily, and then, us the face di.su|/pi'nre-l as suddenly as it came, he caught his hat from tbe peg by the door ami rushed out afti.-r it. Carl had been at Little Gulch only a shorb time, but even a trifling ssay was long enough to learn the story of that ghastly appari'ion. A miner'a daughter had been cruelly mnrdered here in th» OiulcU years ago, and on every gusty, moonlight night her face was seen at eome shanty window, and here Carl paused in his hur tied race, for he remembered the end of the tra dition. ' To see that face means death or trouble,'. he whispered in the darkness, end then he grasped his stout stick tighter. '-There's al wnjs Iroub'e in tliis world.' he muttered philo sophically, '? and if it wasn't for Kilty I should say that, death was welcome.1' He caught his hat just as an eddying gust raised.it deftly from his head, and then seeing how foolish was his search in this shadowy dark ness, nirncQ siowiy irom me tasK ne naa under taken and went back to his book in the little shanty. It was a copy of Poe that he was reading, and as be picked it up agsin he was amazed to and that tbe page where he had stopped so sud denly bad been completely torn across the middle. He stared at it vacantly at first, but there it was, the beautiful rhythm of 'Annabel Lee,' torn in a jagged line, us if by hasty fingers, and search wh(-re be would in thehumHe cabin the othor half of the page was nowhere to be found, Carl sat down with his backto'the window and began to ferret the matter out. 'It was bad euougb. for her to scare me half out of my sense-f,' he soliloquized, 'but to come in while I wss searching the place over for her and tear toy iaolt is a little too mean for anything.' He looked at tho injured volume ruefully and shook his head. 'Not another to be fuviu.l within a thousand miles, I'll wa'ier,' he multored, bitterly, 'and to think that 'Aunnbd he;' the prettiest poem in the whole copy should be the one she chose to d&ma;^o ! ' „ And then \w began thinking over the story of the murdered m-Meii. Si:e bad been fouljy kil'ed by a je-l»us !o\er, tin y said, and now no mm at tlio li-tie Gulch but dreaded her acts of giiostly vciigcaiice. U was a romantic story m its \\\\\\-y and the more he thought of it the more it came to him that ' Annabel Lee ' was not so inaiiprop.inte after all, aud might bring some comfort to thi- flitting spirit;. For Carl was sure it was none other than the ghostly visitor at his window who had entered his cabin in his absence, anil now, yuj, there was anotbei presence at the casing, Lut for a moment he found it absolutely impossible for him to tarn around and face it. But it was not necessary for him to look this time, for his visitors were each and all most tangible and moreover they were ea^er to make known theirpresence. Carl sprang to his feet in amazement when a Half dozen rough-clad miners slouched through tbe door and stood in a threatening group bufore nim. He knew instantly why they had come, md then, curiously enough, the warning of the dead girl's face flashed suddenly upun him. 'Too bad she couldn't have peeped in at me sooner,' he muttered benoxth his breath, 'for then at least I could h ive had my weapon and been readv for this gang of ruffians.'1 *' You be a little surprised tew see we 'uns,' tbe foremost of his visitors said coarsely, as he noticed Carl's evident agitation. ' You thought you'd kivered your trucks, you dog, an' that we wuz all to stoopiJ in the Gulch 'at we wouldn't fin»i out you wuz a .spotter.' Carl recovered himself instantly, and leaning back, now perfectly composed, plxceti his elbow on tho riule pine mat.tcl. ' You are six to one, Mr. Johnson,' he said, coldly. 'If you are not afraid of me, send your men outside and we will have a word in private.' The moment his words escaped his lips he was surprised at the conr.t- motion that he saw heforehim. Jn :m instant it oocurivd to him that they, too. had so* n the apparition, and were thoroughly frightened of thu darkmss. ' There's no use. tn kin' to us to- night,' the mau Johnson s*i-), with a pri-copliblc fhudder, ' for we've seen tlu- Spii it of the Gulch, on' one. ati' all we've had ou- iiatn.'if.' ' ' Then as if the courage of his crowd rested nlone on prompt activity litt drew a long black rope from his pocket and looped it over a con venient rafter. ? Ciirl Manning brncod himself and looked the inn i) .squarely in tho eye as he finished bis omin'-us contrivanoe. ' Call me what you will,'' he saiil quietly. 'I came out heie in the interests of the mine to learn exactly what you were iloing. If you were honest you would notVear me,butns youare only a pnek of thoives and murderers you tremble at- my presence here nnd have brought your gang of fix to one t-- shoo . me down it hang me.' 'l hen he folded his anus and raised his head antl his voice rang out determinedly— 'Do your worst, you pack of ravening wolves ! 1 ay your plans to destroy my work— plot your bravo schemes to t»Ue my life — pre- pare the noose, therope.-tlie knife, have every thing i eady to H-ld one irore- mnrtler to yoiu list, an'1 thev. — then lay your hands upon me — if you dare! ' And his eye* glared at them savagely with the fury of an an^ry tiirer. Hardly had his voice ceaseil to echo through the shanty when one of the; rullians sprang for ward with a shout, and snalchqd his pistol fronj thetable. . ; '? He is unarmed ! Take him by force ! ' he shouted, viciously, and the whole gang surged forward togt'lher as if to tear his limbs asunu'er. ' Stand back ! '' Girl's voice rang out boldly, then quickas liglituling his arm shot forth and a blow felled tin* nmirest brute to the floor. Then, just as he recovered himself for a second attack, his eyes wi.re drawn irresistibly, toward the window, where once more the gh:istly face of the girl peernd in upon the scene b-.fore her. 'Look there !' Carl whispered tragically, as he pointed toward the window. 'There is the ghost of your murdered girl 1 How dare you think to sl'iy another ? ' An if expectin.it and dreading this very apparition, the men turned, almost with one accord, and glanced in fear at the narrow window. Thorn was a shrink from ono, a curse from another, and, seeing h;s chance in that moment of horror, Carl sprang forward and wrenched his pislol from the lender's hand, and for a second the whole place bellowed with the rapid emptying of its chambers. Springing over that jumble of writhing forms, Carl hurriedly collected his papers, and then remembering, even in his danger, ihe volume of poems, he suu.tc.hed tho book irom the table, and shrust it mto his pocket. Thsu he picked bis way carefully aci oss the rocks, a fuw stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by cunning always in the : shadow was soon far iway from '.he little shuuty. . ' There is a train vt eleven,' he whispered to himself, 'that will soon take me. east of the Mississippi,' anil then he stopped running, almost too t-u'ildeniy, us another vision came swiftly upon him. s 'Kitty,'' ho called tenderly; ' Kitty, dar lingi. is it you, or am I- still in thu land of ? spirits p.' Without a sound the youiv; girl huriied toward him nniV thrjfcw Itt-rself into bis out stretched i-rras. 't»ks- mo with yon,' she iaid frantically. ' T.-iki- mo -- ith yuii or they will kill me too,' and Curl, iihnosc without a thought of wuat he. was doing, half led, half :arried her to the. station. A year later in tbeir Kasiern liouso Carl Manning and his wife s-at down fcr thi ir after iinner chatting. 'bo old Tom Johnson Wiis hot your fathor ifter »U,' Carl said ovir anj I over, as though he repetition of thu wm'ds wens something nore lupn unliniiiily pleasant Then he took ler on his knee 'and his face assumed a ;hou-;htful expression. ' Well, I »m gla-l I did not kill him anyway,' le said softly, 'although theown.-r of the miriu ays I mi;;ht just as well have done so for I mppled every man of them that evening.' Then le smiled more tenderly into her eyes as he added u a lighter tone; 'but whnt I am sorry for, ittle one, is that I did not. wait to solva the nysttry of that wpintm's facf, for as I live, it was he that saved me !' Without a wprd Kitty slid down from his knee ?ml bt gan ransacking in her box of treasures. ' Will this help you to lny her ghost ?' she said, nerrily, and then she unfolded before his istonished eyes the half of his poem, '? Annabel jee,' and tried to smooth out the jagged edges. It would take an express train, running continuously at the rate of 3,000 fwrt I minute, 2S3 years to reach the suu from thfr olo.net -,'~7* 