THE GHOST IN THE ATTIC. Two hundred years ago is a long time to go back for a story, but when we tell of ghosts and such like things, we are obliged to go a good way back because we don’t believe in th<-m in these days. A poor, ignorant servant girl in a town of Saxony called Hallo, one night alarmed her mistress by. rushing into tbo parlor and declaring sbo had soon a ghoit —a little white figure rush up the attic stairs. Tbo houses In Hallo wore divided into flats; on one floor lived a retired captain and his family, and on tho other a father, mother and a little boy of seven named Gaorgo, and a baby. When tbo second alarm was given, tbo rooster and mistress resolved to go up, and show the servant how foolish sho had boon; so (bey trooped up the stairs, and when tl;ey got to tbo top paused to dccido what they should do next. Suddenly they were startled by sounds close at bond. They hold tboir breath. It was a Bound of musio, proceeding from a room hard by. They pushed tho door gently open, somoono holding up a lantern to sh'd light on tho matter. AH the heads crowded eagerly to tho open door. All ibo hearts beat quickly. After all the servant was right. Hero indeed was tho ghost— dressed in white as sbo bad said. But what a ghost! Ono that had flo-h and bloody and who in the meantime was producing' very sweet nuisio from on old piano stowed away among ths lumber. In foot, tho real, livo ghost was nooo other th in little Georgs ! At (ho sight of his father the child stilted up and Qumo forward, saving in a pleading voloo of entreaty, * l Don’t bo angry, father Soar, I only wanted ti play a little.” The spell that had fallen on tho little company was broken. Po this was (heir gbo&tl; L> a fow seconds tho small figure was cradled -in bis mother’s caressing arms, and in a fow more safoly tnckr-d into bed. Tho little figure was none other than George Frederick Handel, who subsequently became tho composer of “Tho Mo<siah.” and many other glorious oratorios. His father bad determined he should bo a lawyer, and bad no pationoo with bis little boy’s levs’ for musio, bob a nobleman, who had board George play the organ, pemnadod bis father to have a teacher for his little son, and at (he ago of nine George composed a chnrob service, for voices and instruments, and two years later was so olovor that ho know more thin bis master, and was sent to Berlin for further teaching Haodcl lived in England for filty years, and was buried in Westminster Abbey.— Christian Advocate. 