NEWS OF THE DAY. Appeal Case.—At the Armidale Quarter Sessions on Tuesday evening last, before His Honor Judge Coffey, an appeal was heard against a sentence of three months' hard labour passed by Messrs. Jas. McLean and G. W. Dight, on George Bewley, of West Hillgrove, for having 20ozs. I7dwts. 13grs. of gold in his possession, reasonably supposed to have been stolen. Mr. Brown- ing appeared for the Crown, and Mr. Garland, instructed by Messrs. Kearney and Son, for tbe appellant. Mr. Browning said that the conviction was obtained under 19 Vic. Ho. 24 section I of the Towns Police Act, which had to be read in conjunction with IV William IV No. 7, which gave power to appeal only where a pecun iary penalty had been imposed. Mr. Garland admitted that he could not invoke the aid of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in support of his case, but argued that the word " penalty" was not a rigid term, as suggested by Mr. Browning, and qnoted an authority in support of bis contention. An argument followed as to the definition of the term " penalty" in the Act, and as to its elasticity. His Honor said that Act IV William IV No. 7 applied only to offences which were punishable by fines, conse quently an appeal under that Act must necessarily be against fines imposed; 19 Vic. No. 24 provides for punishment by imprisonment, but as the appeals under it are regulated by IV "William IV No. 7 there can be no appeal against a sentence of imprisonment. It was evident that the draftsman who drafted 19 Vic. No. 24 did not take the trouble to find out the nature of the penalties in IV William IV No. 7, consequently a penalty by fine conld be appealed against, bat if a man's liberty was taken away he could not appeal. He must read the word penalty according to the Act and dismiss the appeal. Mr. Gar land said he was prepared to argue the points of the case on the question of costs, and to show that the conviction was abso lutely bad. His Honor said if that was so why was not the appeal taken before the Full Court, where they could get redress if it was bad? He could not go into the merits of tbe case. Once he bad decided. the appeal he had done with it, and be whs not going to sit on the decision of a magis trate. The appeal was dismissed with costs, to be paid in 14 days, and Bewley was taken to gaol to serve the three months imposed by the justices. A Loyal Protectionist.—A meeting of the central executive committee of the National Protection Union was held in Sydney on Saturday afternoon, to com plete the selection of a candidate for Wa verley. Mr. W. J. Lyne, M.P., president of the union, occupied the chair. Mr. Thos. Walker, who was present by invita- Hon, stated that he had come to the con clusion that Mr. Barlow had better claims to the seat than he, and, therefore, in the interests of protection and party discipline, he had decided to relieve the committee of the invidions task of making a choice, by retiring in Mr. Barlow's favor. An unani mous vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Walker for " his loyal and disinterested devotion to the cause of protection." The Messageries Maritimes steamships are the most comfortable to travel in. Pas- sengers are booked through to London, and English is spoken on board. Write for full particulars to Company's Office, Queen's Corner, Pitt-street, Sydney. Judge Coffey on Police Evidence.— During bis summing up in the gold-steal ing case at the Armidale Quarter Sessions, Judge Coffey referred to the strictures passed upon the action of the police by Mr. Garland for having copies of the evi dence in their possession to refresh their memories at intervals between tbe com mittal and the trial. His Honor said that such a thing was wrong. A constable had no right to have copies of evidence he has given in the police court for refreshing his memory and posting himself up for the trial. It was not to be expected that a man could remember every detail of what : happened some time before, but a constable had the privilege of writing notes in his pocket-book at the time of an occurrence taking place for the purpose of refreshing his memory when called upon to give evi deuce. It was manifestly wrong for them to have copies of the police court deposi tions for that purpose, and he hoped he would never hear of it having occurred again. He had never heard of it having been done before, and it bad been quite a revelation to him that day. If constables did such things they brought on them selves the censure they deserved and only bad themselves to blame for the conse quences. His Honor added that fortu nately for the ends of justice in the case before them the jury conld, if they wished, ignore the whole of the police evidence and arrive at a just conclusion from the other evidence before them. A Lady's Impression of Perth.—A Mel- bourne lady, writing from Perth (W.A.) to her sister in Brisbane, states that s " is not enchanted with the place. The is a frightful glare all day; even the sky seems to dazzle one's eyes. The streets a full of people, and everything looks pros- perous—more so than any of the other colonies. Houses and shops are being built everywhere, and seem to be taken soon as the foundations are laid. Fine substantial buildings they all are." She also states that food and clothing “seem little dearer—potatoes 2d. a pound, all meat 7d. a pound, and not good at tha I pine for some of your Queensland under- cut of steak. I have a lively recollection of its tenderness and cheapness." “THE FIDELITY OF WOMEN.”—In the course of his charges to juries, Judge Docker (says the Dubbo Dispatch), is very fond of giving little essays, and recording anecdotes which relieve the monotony of the case for the time. In two cases during the summing up he had occasion to refer to the love and hatted of women, andhe gave it as his solemn opinion that where a woman's feelings turn to iove or hatred, she cannot his Allied upon for the truth " It is an admirable thing," said he, " the fidelity that a woman shows to the man she loves." It will compel her to commit perjury or any other crime for the benefit of the man she loves ; she will ride her soul and her liberty. And when her love turns to hate, it is as dangerous to the man she hates as perhaps to the man she loves." In another case he was speaking the ability of women to describe minutely anything concerning her own sex, even if she had only glanced at the object. He instanced the case of a woman under ex- amination in a court of law, giving a minute description of the dress of another woman who had passed her on horseback. But when undft cross-examination she was asked what sort of a horse the lady was riding, the witness replied somewhat eagerly " How could I tdl what kind of a. horse she was riding, she went by at a full gallop." She had time, remarked the judge, to notice minutely the dress the woman was wearing, but she could not tell the colour of the horse. Odd F ellowshtp.—The annual convo cation of the Grand Independent Order of" Oddfellows, New South Wales, commenced on Tuesday -morning, in Sydney, Brother Alexander M'Killop, Grand Master, presid ing. There were about eighty delegates present. The report stated that the actual increase for the year in the general fond' was £1127, the widow and orphans* fund £27, the incidental fnnd £21, the banner fond £2, total £1178. The total value of' the funds of the Grand Lodge was £15,465, and of subordinate lodges £21,970. Dur ing the past year 748 members were ad mitted, whilst 861 either ceased member ship by arrears, left by clearance, or resigned. The total number of members on the roll was 5114. Daring the year £4075 had been disbursed from the funds of the subordinate lodges in the* ! form of sick allowance, whilst £4065* have been provided for medical allow ance. The total amount disbursed tinder the heading of benefits amounted to £10,474. The net gains to the funds fbr the year were £1385, whilst the credit" balance amounted to £45,605. iNTEBEsntiG Figubks.—The following statistical information has been kindly snp~ plied us by Senior-Sergeant Hicks. The total area under '.cultivation in the police distict of Tenterfield for 1896 is 5812 acres, as against 5659 for 1895. Of this area 17001- acres are under wheat for the current year as against 1955 J acres for 1895. The yield of wheat shows a great falling off for. this year, compared with last year, the figures being 20,556 bushels for 1896, as_ against . 33,882 bushels for 1895. The portion of -the. Tenter field police-dliitrie*^ by the Tenterfield police at the present time i» 3579, bring 143 less than in January of last year.—Stab. Inverell Dibteict.—The total rainfall* in this district fapJattuary was. 3 inchee 58 pomteVBs agaifist Scinches J2 {mints for the same period ; of 1895.—The following stock passed through laverfell on Thurs day : 150 bullocks from Blair Hill to Byron, G. A. Crnickshank owner, J. Field in charge. On Friday.* 1000 sheep to Eddy Park, P. B. Eddy owner. On Saturday r 2300 ewes from Merriwa station to Inverell,. A Strrton owner, D. Cox in charge. On Sunday: 61 bullocks from Haystacks, near* Bundarra to Inverell station, GampWll Brothers owners, D. A. Campbell in charge, —A meeting of members of the Church of England was held in the Church of Eng land School room on T uesday bight last for the purpose of electing two lay repre sentatives to represent this district at the Synod to he held at Grafton. Messrs. G. T. T. Butler and G. Arthur were unani xnouBly elected.—Mr. Boberts, bead master of the Inverell Superior Public School, in forms us that the attendance in the girls* department was, during last week, the highest for some years past. The average attendance of girls during the week was 120; total average attendance, boys and. girls for the week, 270.—Times and Aeons. The Queen's Health.—Writing on Dec. 21, a London correspondent says: The fact that the Queen's health is feeble has obliged her physicians to order a stricter regimen for her. Early in the morning she has a cup of cocoa and a thin m«lr, At noon she takes an egg beaten in wine. At 2o dock she has luncheon, which is the heaviest meal of the day. This consist® of sonp, fish, and fowl. Then she a short repose, followed by a drive or a walk. At 9 o'clock dinner is served. Her Majesty then drinks watered claret or a glass of dry champagne. She continues her regular Tenterfield News.—The distribution of prizes won at the recent exhibition of the Tenterfield Amateur Art Society took place in the School of Arts on Saturday afternoon. Beyond the prize winner® there were very, few persons present. Be fore proceeding to distribute dhe irises, Mrs. C. A. Lee, the president of the So: «*P**sed «*> i»9Pe that the second exhibition would be even more successful than the first.—Following on the copions showers of last week, the downpour which began on Sunday has been most welcome, and has gladdened the heart of everyone. The rain fell m gentle showers, conse quently it soon disappeared, the dry earth sowing it up quickly. Already the grass and young crops are giving evidence of the bountiful rain, and all that is required to ensure a plentiful supply of grass for the winter is a week or two of-fine warm wea r^iBtered at the ocal post office since Sunday is 172 prints. Race Club was held at the Eoyal Hotel on Fri day evening. Mr. W. T. Cadell, president, in the dmir. Mr. J. Coxall,. treasurer, thir+J balance-sheet, which showed that the club had a debit balance on the 31st January last of £24 9s. 7d. He pointed out, however, that there were a number of members whose subscriptions were unpaid but which could be obtainedfor the asktog.' —Star 1 WaS president. Proper Publicity. — "We notice ad vertisements siinSi&r; to tho following appearing all,, thtongl) Hie diocese of Grafton and Armidsle: " Church of England.—A meeting of the male mem bers of the above church and parish will be held in St. Alban'e Chutch on Sunday. February 9, immediately after the morning service. BnsinesB; To elect lay represen tatives to the synod of Grafton and Armi dale diocese- By order of the Bishop, James T. Bate, clergyman in charge, W oodbum." "We are informed a similar meeting Was-held at Axmidale some few nights ago. It was bnt poorly attended, aind we believe the required number of gentlemen were elected to fill the position. W 0 received no notice whatever of the meeting, consequently no representative from this office was present. Why the meeting was not publicly called as else where we are at a loss to understand. It was a subject that concerned every mem ber of the church, and should have been made in onr opinion as pnhlic as possible. It is not on account of the miserable advt. we are finding fault, bnt surely -if this matter is of snfficient importance to be called by public announcement in other centres, why should it not be so in Armi dale ? Perhaps the representatives of the church in all the other towns in the diocese are in error, and Armidaie correct! Australian Mutual Provident So ciety.—It is officially stated by the A.M.P. Society that its new business for the past year shows a marked increase over that of the previous twelve months, the amount of assurances being but a few thousand short Of three millions sterling. The new po licies issued numbered 10,857, assuring .£2,989,602. The society may be congratu lated on showing such a satisfactory re turn for a period which, though brighter than the previous year, was yet not marked by any great commercial activity. The Mekcadool Land Cake.—Tuesdajh sitting of the Gnnnedah Land Board was as yet the dullest portion of the enquiry into the alleged dummying at Mercadool. The forenoon was occupied in the tedious task of producing letters and other docu ments and Lftpdhnjr them in as exhibits. "With regard to some of the last exhibits tendered a little difference arose between counsel, which to some extent enlivened the proceedings. It was only of brief duration, but was a welcome oasis in the weary desert of formal evidence taking. Tf served among other things to give Mr. O'Connor an opportunity of saying the case is costing ** someone" from ilOO to £150 per day. If in this he is rightly informed the gross expense will be enormous, for yesterday was the eleventh sitting of the board. There are in all 13 cases to try, t and the first is not concluded, and is not ikely to be finished this week. . All Nations Fair.—The preparations _Sr the grand " All Nations Fair," which, as already notified, have been on an un usually extensive scale, are now fast ap proaching completion. The Fair, which is to take place in the Town Ball, Axmidale, will be opened next Wednesday evening at S o'clock prompt by Mr. Chas. Wilson, J.P., the ex-mayor. In connection with the opening ceremony there will take place a grand march of ladies and gentlemen at tired in the varied costumes of Norway, Italy, France, Switzerland, Wales, China, Scotland, Japan, Spain, and India. A similar march will take place on each suc ceeding evening at nine o'clock. In addi- j iion to the many attractions and novelties i already announced, amongst which aref Pepper's Ghost, popular seientifie^wxperi* merits, an excellent museum of curiosities from many lands, the marvellous telescope and .microscope, and the Delphic Oracle. There has been added a splendid HJIll hOYffl assortment ojU.1 i»"V i f^aremade by the blind jfrtuMserviceB of the band bave also J&nraA; The All Nations Fait, open ing next Wednesday, will certainly be one of the biggest as,well as most attractive entertainments that Axmidale has ever seen. The Fair wjll continue o4. the fol-( lowing Thursday, Fridiy, and Saturday, opening on each of those days at 3 p.m. Thanksgiving Service—The Times, in referring to the usual harvest thanksgiv ing service at TTmlla last Sunday, says: j ■" The usual harvest thanksgiving services were held at St. John's Church on Sunday last, when the presence of that hard-work ing and popular prelate, Dr. Green, who occupied the pulpit and preached an elo quent and deeply interesting sermon appro priate to the important occasion, attracted ■ a large and representative congregation, the pretty sacred edifice bring comfortably' by worshippers from many sections of the Bev. W. J. Hugill's parish." Tf yon cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co. Clarence-street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the local storekeepers.—Advt. Marriage.—On Tuesday morning last a quiet wedding ceremony was performed at St. Peter's Cathedral in the presence of a number of relatives and a large congrega tion, when Mr. Clarence E. White, son of p, £. White, of Booloominbah, was ■mifari in the holy bonds to Miss Mildred | Yyner Blythe, second daughter of the late Mr Sydney Blythe, of this city. The ceremony was performed by the Yen. Arch deacon White, of Muswellbrook, assisted by the Yen. Archdeacon, Boss, D.D., the bride, who was attired in white satin, was given away by Mr. F. J. White, of San mares, Miss White, of Booloominbah, being bridesmaid, and Mr. E. L. Sheklefcon ac companied the bridegroom as best man. The cathedral choir, under Mr. G. E. M. Coomber's direction, rendered hymns, Ac., suitable to the occasion, and Mendelssohn's Wedding March was played on the organ at the conclusion of the service. As the newly-wedded pair were leaving the cathe dral their path was bestrewn with flowers, Ac., and they departed, amid the best wishes of a nnmber of friends. A preliminary public meeting was held in Sydney on Saturday afternoon to con sider what steps should be taken to secure the introduction of a system of granting State pensions to the aged. Sir Arthur Benwick occupied the chair, and insisted that the movement had nothing socialistic about it, "but deserved the consideration of every one interested in the well-being^ of the State. A motion was carried affirming •that the subject of State pensions for the old deserved the consideration of all those interested in philanthropic work, end a committee was appointed to secure the pnblic advocacy of the matter. 