A LOVING ENTREATY. [BY LATE REV. C. H. sr UKO BOX.] Put Me In remembrance let us plead to whether declare thou, that thou mayst be Uhtiflcd.-iBaiuh xiii, 6 2 In this verse man is invited to draw near to God Those annie man of whom God saith that He was weary of them are bidden to plead with him "Thou hast made Me to serve with thy sins, thou hast wearied Me with thine iniquities and yet it is evident that in another sense the Lord was not weary of them, for He calls upon them to come to a conference with Him, saying "Put Me in remembrance ; let us plead together." On looking back we find that the Lord had charged His people with neglect of prayer " But thou hast not called upon Me, O Jacob " This is the charge which we are compelled to bring against all unconverted men and women you do not call upon God, you live without sincere and fervent prayer. Perhaps you offer a form of prayer, but that is nothing if your heart goes not with the I words. This is rather to seek God than I truly to call upon Him But come now ; if there be any mistake in this charge, disprove it If you have earnestly called upon the Lord through Christ Jesus, if you have been diligent in soaking His face, and yet He has turned His back upon you, testify against him. It will be a new thing under the sun to find a (traying heart rejected at the throne of grace I know you cannot deny the accusation of powerlessness. If you are Cbriatless you are prayurless. If you have received no mercy it is because you have not sought it at the mercy seat. Next the Lord charged it upon Israel that they had not delighted in Him " Thou hast been weary of Mo, O Israel. ' Is not this a charge which cannot be denied You men and women who are not re- generate and have never received the pardon of your skin, is it not true that you are weary of God? You readily enough grow tired of a sermon in which we try to speak of Him, though you would listen for hours to a silly tale. You become tired of the Sabbath day. What a weariness it is I You are weary of the Bible; how little do you read it. a foolish novel suits you better. if you bear Christians talking wisely and seriously of the things of Christ, you have no liking for their words; you would rather listen to a comic song. To you the house of God is the Temple of Dullness, and the worship of God is bondage. As for God himself, you will not allow yourself to remember Him; He is not in all your thoughts. You sometimes think that even Heaven itself would be a weary place for you if it were full of the praising and adoring of God, and communion with Him. Can you deny this If you can, you are invited to state your innocence before the Lord. But I know that in truth you cannot raise the question for there is within your mind an unquestionable aversion to the service of God; in fact, you would be happier if there were no God and no eternity to think about Take heed lest your aversion become mutual, and God should say, "My soul loathed them, and their soul also abhorred Me." The Lord again challenges them upon the charge that they had had not obeyed him : " Thou hast made Me to serve with thy sins thou hast made Me a very slave with thy waywardness. "Thou hast wearied Me with thine iniquities," -God's patience was tried to the utmost with their wants i wickedness. Is not this charge true-sadly true of many? Oh, you that have never accepted Christ, you have by this wilful refusal of love insulted the mercy of the Lord. You have had no respect to His law, you have not checked yourself because you were likely to offend, you have not stirred yourself up to please the Lord ! Ah no 1 you have lived as if you were your own masters. If it is not so, you are now challenged to vindicate your characters. Do not set up a lying defence, but speak the truth. " Put Ale in remem- brance," saith He. If you have abounded in prayer, if you have delighted in God, if you have sought His honour, if you have loved Him if you have obeyed Him, then set out your righteousness before the sun, and be not afraid. But you are not innocent before the Lord. Therefore Humble yourselves, confess your guilt, and cover your face before the Lord, There are certain things which Godingteat love invites us to bring before His memory. What are these ? Let me tell you. If you cannot take up the challenge, and prove your personal righteous- ness, let the charges stand, with your silence as an assent to them and now plead with him and put him in remembrance of matters which may lead to your forgiveness. First. put the Lord in remembrance of that glorious ad of amnesty and oblivion which in sovereign grace he has proclaimed to the sons of men in the preceding verse. Come now, all guilty and defiled, and say to Him, " Lord, though ray iniquities testify against me, I rest upon Thy forgiving word, I I even I, am he that blotteth out .thiaoliniquities for Mine own sake, and will not remember thy sins" " Remember that God has not forgotten to be gracious, neither has He changed a single declaration of His mercy. Still, He would have you remind him of them as earnestly as if He had forgotten them. It is not for the refreshment of HN memory, but of yours, that He wishes you now to put him in remembrance. You cannot find a safer position as a sinner than kneeling at the mercy seat, pleading such words as these " Come now, and let us reason together, saith the Lord ; though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow ; though they be red like crimson they shall be as wool "I will be merciful to their un- righteousness, and their sins and their inqui- news will I remember no more." " If we confess our sins He is faithful and just to for- give us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness." At once with tears and broken language, put the Lord in remembrance of His gracious promises, and say, " Remember Thy word unto Thy servant, upon which Thou hast caused me to hope." Cry to him after this fashion, " Lord, do as Thou hast said. Here is one who is full of iniquity. I pray Three cleanse me. If I had no transgressions. Thou couldst not blot them out : but here they are, I beseech Thee blot them out according to Thy word I Behold, I put thee in remembrance of Thy word. U Lord, let me hear Thee say, Thy sins which are many, are forgiven.'" That done, proceed to put the Lord in remembrance of your sins. Make an open, unreserved acknowledgment unto the Lord. Tell Him that you have transgressed. Say, with the returning prodigal, " I have sinned against heaven, and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son." Hide nothing, for nothing can be had. Plead thus : " Lord, there stands Thy word, 'I am He that blotted out thy transgressions': I entreat Then make that word true to me I " Appealing to the faithfulness of God is a grand argument. To lay hold of God by His promise is the main part of the art of wrestling in prayer. He that holds a promise holds the God who gave it, and he shall not trust the promise in vain. " Hath the Lord said, and will He not do it?" Flood it, then, " Lord, Thou hast said that Thou dost for- give sin I pray Thee forgive mine. Hadst Thou never promised pardon, I could never have dreamed of gaining it but since Thou hast promised it, I dare not doubt Thy word. My blackest, foulest, filthiest sins can be washed away, for Thou givest me that all manner of sin and of blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men. I urge Thine own word as his sole claim, I implore Thee to carry out Thine own word." Wo road that out of Christ's mouth there south a two-edged sword : may not his word of promise be to us as a sword with which we may overcome even mercy itself, conquering heaven by heaven's own weapons ? Oh that you may have faith enough to try this at once I May God by His Holy Spirit draw you I Finish all pleadings with the argument of the precious blood, for that shall prevail when all else is driven back. " I believe in the forgiveness of sins " : thousands say this when they repeat the Creed ; they do not feel that they are sinners, and therefore they find it very easy to believe in forgiveness. But, believe me, when a man knows and feels that he is in very deed a sinner before God, it is a miracle for him to believe in the forgive- ness of sins ; nothing but the omnipotence of the Holy Ghost can work this faith in Him, When you really know what it is to be lost and condemned, so that you receive sentence of death in your own conscience, then it is a brave thing to believe in pardoning grace. If the Lord says to us, " Put me in re- membrance," then, in the first place, it is very clear that as ought to remember these things ourselves. Oh, you that are not saved, remember the years in which you have lived without prayer I What a wonder that you have been permitted to live at all ! Morning light and evening shade, I and yet no prayer! Mercies on the table, mercies in the family, mercies to your body, mercies to your soul, and yet no i prayer I Sermons beard, exhortations given, gentle entreaties all thrown away, for still there has been no prayer! Some I would earnestly urge to remember long years of neglect of God's service, with all their niggardliness to the cause of God, all their want of love to God, all the many times in which they have hardened their hearts, stopped their ears, and refused the warnings and invitations of their Saviour. Such memories might be used of the Holy Spirit for their conviction, Oh, dear, unconverted hearers, am I speaking the truth about you or not? God forbid I should bring a false accusation against any man ! I am not charging you now with the blacker and more open sins, for perhaps you are innocent of them, but yet this is the sin of sins forgot fulness of God, weariness of His service, refusal to receive the salvation of His Son. "This is the condemnation,, that light is come into the world, and men love darkness rather than light." You think of your business, and yet the great business of your salvation causes you no concern. Think of that you put your dying body before your immortal soul. You are full of care and anxiety about matters which relate only to a span of time, and yet you care not for your eternal interests. Canyon justify this? Are you in your MIMI?.. ... s a,.,..-,,; y 