Australian- Bush Track. .. ? T — 1 C0PYKI3HT. BY J. D- HENNESSEY. Author of 'T«E DlS-HoNOURABLE,' 'Ws-NSUSI White's Wickedness,' etc. . i CHAPTER I.— (Continued). \- Bright Hartley was a fair .man, rather below the average height, with blue eyes and tow-coloured hair. He was as tight and round in his garments as in an average, middle-aged alder ,man,, and was conversant with all ? j._ « ... J nmiflifiAnc r\f A n Qr.Tfl. 1 1 f\,Y\ people, placps, and things. He^knew how to manage a sugar plantation or sheep station, or work a gold mine, and had seen a hit of cattle duffing on the Barcoo ; but he also could tell you how Miss So-and-So's stays came to be laced so tightly that she fainted at the last Government House ball. In fact, he read the whole secret of colonial life as from a book. There was nothing of any interest, bad or good, which he had not seen: or heard about ; and yet he had not a wrinkle on his brow, and could not be induced to own up to being anything over forty. That he was adventurous and specula tive may be gathered from his con versation already recorded ; and it should be said that, coining, from such a well-informed and prosperous man, the advice he tendered had made a strong impression upon the minds of his two young friends. ' I can't make you out,' said the senior of the two Englishmen, _ Sir Charles Dawsou, who, with his friend and travelling companion, Captain Buchanan, were the '?' innocents ' Hartley had referred to. 'As a matter of fact, you are as hard- headed as anyone 1 have met with, and yet in this affair you appear to be most credulous. You cannot, surely, believe the whole of this most extra ordinary story of Stoneham's to be gospel '?' ' Come and let us have dinner, and after thaf I will talk to you,' said Hartley. CHAPTER II.— Captain Cook's Letters. Dinner at the Bungalow, as Hartley had modestly named his commodious, bachelor residence, was an important function, and it was an hour and a half afterward when the verandah chairs were again occupied, and the conversation resumed. ' My special difficulty with this matter,'1 said .Sir Charles, laughing, *' is this ancient blackfellow. I thought that Australia was much too new for anything in the shape of superstitious lors. One expects when on the Rhine, or anywhere else in Europe, . to meet with lusty old goblins, and banshees, and wraiths, and goodness knows what; but to have a hoary old demon down in Moreton Bay, dating back to the time of Captain Cook, is enough to take one's breath away. Look here, Buchanan,' he said, placing his mus cular white hand upon the shoulder of the captain, a tall, gentlemanly man of four-and-twenty, ' we'll have to take Hartley's yacht and run down:to Stoneham's, and get him to introduce us to ' Long Tom' and the ' Fishers of Moreton Bay !' ' ?' You might not wish to a second time,' laughed Hartley. 'Well, I don't want to doubt the evidence of my senses. Old gold coins and a genuine diamond are very tan gible witnesses ; but to have them mysteriously conuected with a jolly old ghost with a phantom canoe, sup posed to be seen cruising about More ton Bay, is a pretty big thing for an agnostic like myself to swallow. But let me have another look at the letter.' The three men went inside at this, and Sir Charles lifted an ancient look ing document up to the light. 'Ah!' he said, ' There's a 1767 watermark upon the paper. That favours the letter being genuine ; but without questioning the facts, they may all :lie attributed to natural causes. Cook was no doubt deceived. ... Singular dis appearances of vessels through the suddenarising of mists, ete., are by no means uncommon at sea, and why not in the Bay- .But read it out aloud for. us, Biichanan, and then we can discuss it further outside. The captain: drew a chair upjto the table, and slowly read as follows : — H.M.S. ' Endeavor,' Off Cape Moreton, Australia; .? May 16th, 1770. i ' Having met with a very, remarkable iiiujuciib jesbciuaj, hub iiifaceiibu uny ui JUity, in the year of our Lord 1770, 1 feel it tobe my duty to the possible future European inhabitants of this newly discovered con-, tinent, and also to His Gracious Majesty, King George the III., to place on record a true and circumstantial account of the singular and well-nigh incredible occurrence. We descried yesterday morning at' day light a lorg stretch of low sand hills which terminated in a sand spit with a bluff1 rock on the foreshore. Rounding the cape we cast anchor in eight fathoms of water in a broad, shallow bay. I have named the former Cape Moreton, and the latter Moreton Bay. Later in the day I moved the En deavour farther to the south-east on which 'the Bay opened out, revealing a number of islands' covered with green foliage, and also the mouth of a large creek or river. , I went ? with the ship's long boat, accompanied by Mr. Green, our astronomer, and Mr. Banks, our botanist, and a picked crew, to explore some of the islands, in hope of adding to our collections of plants and animals, but being but partially successful we returned. I had been talking with; the chief officer and Mr. Green upon the quarter deck when the former called my attention to a large native vessel, which seeined to have emerged from between the islands and was rapidly bearing down upon us. We all remarked on the unusual size of the craft. It was fitted with two -masts' and 'carried large, (nearly triangular sails, .seemingly constructed of some native cotton or grass, woven into cloth. There was 'high ornamental wood work at prow and i-tern: It was tiow growing towards twilight and partly on account of this, but principally by reason: of; the sails and high woodwork of the prow, and stern, it was impossible to count the number of the crew. Several natives , were seen^ however, and at the stern, guidiug the vessel's course with a huge sweep, which answered for a helm, stood a native of stature and' countenance never before met with by n=: in tTrhsu spnq. Thp.v s1nr-l-nnni} enil m? they di'ew nearer, and the boatswain, by my \- - direction, hailed her. Calling out ' Ship ?ahoy! what name?' ' De Fuchers' is the bett interpretation I am able to give of the sound, which we all distinctly heard. I may say that Dr. Solander and Mr. Green both support my opinion ; but the second officer and others of the crew bjlieve the words to have been ' The Fishers,' which is, on the fat « of the matter, most unlikely, as although they might have followed the calling o£ fishermen it is impossible that thi-y could have been acquainted with the English tongue ' However, having thus called out, the native suddenly turned and threw towards us one of their weapons of warfare, called, I bel eve, by them, a *? boomerang.' It came whirling through ttw air with great force and seemed to have been purposely directed towards my so.f and the group around me. It was sharpened upon the edges and the doctor narrowly escaped injury. Taking this to be an indication of hostile intention, and indig nant at the weapon being directed at mysolt, some of the marines fired small arms in the direction of the poriagua. I regretted this, as I was anxious to maintain friendly relations with the natives. But to our as tonishment and consternation, immediately after the discharge of the firearms, we ob served the native vessel to bo gradually dis appearing before our eyes. Many of the crow were watching from the ship's side, and a score of reliable witnesses aro prepared to state, on oath, that she neither foundered nor was enveloped in mist, but. dissolved beforo our eyes ir. to air. The final disappearance being accompanied with a wild, sad scream, that sounded liKe a repeiiuon oi tne previous ly spoken words. This untoward event has, I regret to say, filled the orew with the gravest apprehension and alarm, and I confess that my own mind is not without misgivings as to what warning, the phenomenon may have been intended to convey. The weapon fall ing upon 'the dscfc is constructed of a dark wood, ; and on one side is covered with letters or symbols of singular form. Whatever may -be ? the language it is one that neither Dr. Solander, Jose:, h Banks, nor myself can in anyway decipher. The crew generally re gard it with superstitious dread, and it has been hinted to me that it would reliove their feelings if I woald .throw it overboard. In deed, .some of them, I understand, aver that unless it is thrown out of the ship we shall be Wreoked before getting clear of the Aus tralian coast! However, I shall not yield to them that far, but partly to allay their fears, I have decided to have this statement, with an accurate drawing of the weapon and its inscribed characters attached, placed in a box and securely hidden or buried upon a small island of bright red soil, which can be discerned a few leagues from our an chorage. It will be represented to the sailors that the weapon or boomerang is in the box, which will lessen their fears, and in b few days, I hope, restore their equanimity. I in \+ «*?»/! f *?» fa Ira f \\\a Vmnmnvonrv 4-n TJlnYtxnti ? in hope that its mysterious inscriptions may ;be deciphered and interpreted by some learned man, to the elucidation of the mysterious phenomenon which at present is inexplicable and awe-inspiring to all that witnessed it; Given under my hand and seal, this six teenth day of Msy, in the year of our Lord, seventeen hundred and seventy. (signed) James Cook. Witness: Joseph Bakes. Attached to the letter was a further sheet of paper, . on which was the drawing of a boomerang, almost full size, and engraved upon it were a number of singular characters, which cculd not he represented by ' any letters comprised in printers' type. Buchanan, who was tbe scholar of the party, said that the nearest approach to them which he had seen was in the unical manuscript of the Latin Bible, in the possession of the Bodlein Library, at Oxford. ? The following translation of this remarkable inscription was signed by a professor of the Bonn University. THE PATH OF ZOO- ZOO. .From the islands of the east, follow the broad flowing waters beyond the snnke coils to its source. South of thn setting sun, a cleft appeirs in the mountain. Beyond it is the great country of many little trees. Follow us tho birds fly towards' the set ting sun~~5f winter, bejond the broad plains, over the white mountains, and you reach tbe span longer than the arms of many men. Beware of the great waters ! Beware nf the white gates and the golden ! Beyond that fear not; your eyes will see, and your hands may touch what all men love. The men looked at each other, and there was a pause after tbe Captain had finished] broken at last by Hartley; 'I was reading all that over before you came in,' he said. ' Now come outside and have a smoke, and I will give you the benefit of some information about the north-eastern interior of this continent, which I picked up out on my station on the Barcoo, and I think it will surprise you. That path of Zoo-zoo seems to me to have something in it, and if you don't go with Stoneham, I shall con sider seriou&ly; whether I cannot make up a party to go there myself. I have a theory about that path of Zoo-zoo.' Upon stepping outside upon the verandah, however, it became evident that Hartley's theory of the path of Zoo-zoo was not to be so soon dis closed, for a neighbour known as William Bronckhurst had pulled across the estuary in his boat, and having made- her fast to the jetty, had sauntered up to the house, and now reclined at his ease, with a pipe hi his mouth, on one of the lounges. ' Good evening. Hartley. How do you do, Captain. Fine night, Sir Charles,' saidthe newcomer in along drawling monotone, without -moving.. It was evident that he had met the Englishmen before. ?'Hallo, Bronckhurst !' exclaimed Hartley, 'what brings you round this way to-night ?: You should have come earlier and dined with us. Got the boat down at the steps I suppose ?' ' Yes,' said Bronckhurst, who was a retired oyster dredger and one of the lucky holders of original Mount Mor gan shares, which had made for him a very respectable competency. It shouldr be said perhaps/ that he- was now located in a comfortable place on the river, -his principal recreation being to cruise about the Bay in a half decker, fishing and shooting, and occasionally — especially on moonlight nights— to row across to the 'Bunga- low '-and have a yarn with Hartley, if the latter happened to be at home. ':Look here, Bronckhurst,' said Hartley abruptly after ; the four had smoked for a few minutes in silence, '-' did you ever hear anything about 1 The Fishers of Moreton Bay ?' ' 'I have,' replied Bronckhurst with a good natural laugh, 'but what of that?' ? . '. .. . , ' ? 'Why,- simply this. Sir Charles, the .Captain and myself, have been with Stoneham down at Smoke Island, and they laugh at me for a superstiti ous old. humbug, -because I tell them that although what Stoneham says may be exaggerated, there is at any rate. truth at the bottom of it. These chaps won't believe me, but if you tell us what -you' know of ' The Fishers ' they will no doubt 'pay more atten tion.' - - jluu iixuov uabc cui buttu .liui tiicy says,' cum grano satis,' ? broke in Sir Charles, laughing ; ' but we really would be interested, and obliged to you, if you would recount what you may have seen andheard about these local legends. With the moonlight on the river, and the long shadows yonder of the trees, no time or place could be more suitable. I could credit any mysterious story, almost, tp-night.' ' ? I cannot tell you ' much from personal knowledge of the facts.' said Bronckhurst. 'I have heard from Stoneham himself that he is acquainted t with some queer things, although he is a very reticent man. But there are few fishermen, or pilots in the Bay, or indeed warders at the convict settlement on St. Helena, but have something to say of ' The Fishers of Moreton Bay.' I confess that I know nothing personally about these things myself ; that is, as far as anvthins supernatural goes.' ' You know Moreton and Strad broke Islands form together a very big place,' he continued, turning round to the two Englishmen, ' and there is the remnant of a very remarkable tribe of blackfellows living there. They are believed to be entirely dis tinct from those here upon the main land,and have some singular traditions and customs. It's the belief of many of the oyster men and others that they know more about ' The Fishers' and their doings than they will tell. But the mystery, they say is, where the craft they talk of comes from, and how she disappears. They say that men will be netting on the Bay at night, sometimes without any luck, ? when suddenly they see ' The -Fishers ' canoe, or whatever you like to call it, beating down upon them — occasionally in the vp.ry teeth of the wind— and then the fish will suddenly come down in great shoals in front of her, while at other times they will be gone in a moment, and then suddenly the craft will- dis appear. It is certain, as anyone living on the shores of the Bay will tell you, that there are .moving lights some times seen on dark nights, which no one can account for. I. have seen them myself, and attribute them to the blacks ; but the old hands among the fishermen generally keep at home on such nights. You ask one of them some day, when there is .no fish in Brisbane market, why it is, and he will very likely say, 'Oh, Tommy was out on the Bay last night,' and you may guess his meaning if yoii can.' [To be Continued Next' Thursday.] 