PTJBLXSHKD AX GRAFTON. TUESDAYS AND SATURDAYS. CHRISTMAS. AT this season of the year it is not unusual for the press to moralise somewhaton the past and on the prospects of the future. This is scarcely necessary, as each individual should And in the Ohristmas season an echo of the passing; year's experience-" the senBe of loss, ortho renewal of hope; a reminder of happiness, or a memorial of sorrow." The season is one of festive gathering of and family^re-unions, all of which may be made occasions for building up fresh hopes, and persevering energy to realise those hopes. It bas been said of this season : "The touch of vanished hands, the sound of stilled voices, the ghosts' of sped pleasures, the remembered grief, and all that goes to make up the tragedy or farce of human life are) in some strange, but well understood way, brought back for one wayward moment, when the mysterious spell of the Christmas season casts Its weird charm alike over rich and poor, over man and maid, and over dreaming youth and listless age. f or, II me season is one of festivity and traditional good cheer, it is also one with its gentle note of something not unlike regret, gilding the fancy'with a rare light , as of forgotten sunsets, and with a witchery of its own to .' touch the tender stops of various quills to eager thought.'" There is one thought io particular which should force itself to the front at Ohristmas tide. That Is, we are not here living for ourselves alone. We have duties to others; as well as to ourselves, our relatives,, and our immédiate acquaintances. The/.joys of Christmas should be'as widely diffused ns possible.' This may be'effected In many ways, Bot there is one particularly appropriate, The remembrance of the poor and needy by their more favoured neighbours in such a form ns that joy and happiness may permeate the community. For ourselves, in wishing our readers and friends all the compliments of. the season. we feel we cannot do better than remind them, amidst their festivities-of whatsoever kind they be-of the event of which Christniiis is commemorative "Of Him who, being the holiest among the mighty, and the mightiest among the holy, lifted with his pierced hands empires off their hinges, turned the stream of civilisation out of its channel, and still governs the age's," 