POET FRAYNE. ? ♦— : ? By C2PTAIN CHARLES KING (U.S.A.), [AsuSiar of 'The Colonel's Daughter,'^ 'Be- tween the Ldneg,' &c; CHAPTER XVHI.— (Continued.) . ward the low rolling hills, now dimly visi ble against the firmament, and, presently tne ravines began }to grow deeper but farther apart, title slopes more abrupt and. the west ward hills loomed closer in their path, and still the snowy expanse showed unbroken, and Bear, bending low over his pony's neck ana watching for sign, declared that no In dians had crossed as yet into the hills, and that the entrance to Elk Gulch was now not more than a mile to ttie north. And here the Mils rolled higher, both to their J£ont and toward the west, but Farwell rod*s on up a gradual. ascent until the slope began to grow steep; then, dismounting, led the way afoot, the whole column rolling out of sad dle and towing its horses in his track. Up, up they climbed until, breathing hard now, but pushing relentlessly on, the captain reached the crest, and faint and dim in the starlight, dotted here and there with little clumps of spruce or cedar, the rolling, bil lowy surface lay before him, shrouded hi its mantle of glistening snow. Leading on un til the whole command had time to reach the top, he motioned Will to halt, while he, with Bear and Sergeant Bremmer, pushed a few yards farther on. The column took a breathing spell and waited..; v Far out to the eastward and below them an -occasional flash, as of rifle or revolver eparkied through the night, and the faint re port' was presently borne to their listening ears. Big Road was still barring the way of the column then, and that meant that all the village was not yet safely within the grim walls of the eanoh. Northward the snowy slopes rolled higher still, but it was. north-westward among the clumps of trees that the leaders had gone. The steam from the horses', nostrils and from their heaving flanks rose on the keen air and the blood raced and tingled in ihe veins of the men. Not a whisper of mountain breeze was astir. The night was as still as the voiceless skies. Three— four minutes, with beating hearts, the little command watched and waited, and drew longer breath, and then a dark shape came jogging back- £rom the front, and Parwell'e voice said: 'Mount and come on.'' ??. , Then came' fifteen minutes* trot, winding snakeb'ke and in long extended column of twos among t3ie stunted trees, and then Far well ordered, 'Walk,' ,for once more a dark form loomed up in their path, and Bremmer wheeled his ^iorse about and rode by tiie captain's sid-e, eagerly explaining in low tone. Will caught the words, 'Right ahead. You can bear them distinctly, sir,' and for the life of him Will could not quite control the- flutter of Ms heart. 'Halt! Dismount and wait here,' wei£ the next orders, al icbst whispered, and again Farwell pushed out to the front and again the column swuug ottt of saddle, watched and waited, and pre sently men began to stamp about in the enow and thrash their stiffening fingers-. 'Are we close to 'em now, Maether Will?' asked old Terry, unrebuked. 'Right ahead, they say, corporal. But this, remember, is only the women and chil dren, with a few of the old men.' 'Ah, it's your father's son ye are, sorr— God rest his soul! if it was daytime, ye could almost see from here the breaks of the Miui Pusa, where we struck these Indians three years ago this cruel winter.' 'I know,' said Will, briefly, 'and if— if it conies to fighting here, Rorke, remember father's last order. It may bejiiarder than evtr to tell buck from squaw in so dim a light, but I want the men to heed it.'-. 'They will, sorr, as they would if -ffie cap tain himself was at their head, and' Masther Will, for the love of heaven, wherever ye have to go tills night let me be wan of thim that go wid ye if ye only take wan,' and Utere was a break in. the old fellow's voice, as he began ibis plea. 'Hush, Rorke We'll see to that,' said Farrar, 'Here comes the captain back!' And Farwell came with speed. 'Mr. Farrar,' he said, an unmistakable tremor in, his tone, 'there's not a. moment to be lost. Tney are passing through the canon now. We can hear, them plainly, but they have flankers out along the bluff. Two bucks rode by not a. moment ago, and. i-ear says the wihole outfit js pushing for the Race Track. I've got to head tnem off further up the gulch. Bear says we can get dcwn in single file 'by an old game trail' tiiere, and I wish you to dismount right liere, line this slope with your men, send at least ja dozen, down into the ravine, and stand off Big Road and his fellows while ^» corral that whole village and start it for home. They can't tell how few you are in number, and-Fenton will be close at their heels. Between you they ought to be forced to the north side, while Fm driving the vil lage out to the south. You understand, do ,vgki not? It's a fight in the dark, and. they're afraid of Jt, anyhow. You've got a splendid troop,- laa, and they won't fail you. Don't be ashamed to' ask your old sergeants for advioeV You understand fully?' 'I do,' said Will, stoutly, though his young heart was'Bammering in his breast. 'We'll do our best, sir. Form fours, sergeant, and link— lively,' he added, then grasped the captain's hand one instant before the latter turned away. Silently, quickly, the men linked horses, andj leaving number four of each set in saddle, came running up to the frcrat, unslinging carbines on the way. Far well and his fellows went trotting off among fie clumps of pine as the last man fell in on tiie left Then, quickly dividing off a dozen troopers from tir ^ flank, Will placed the fiiot sergeant iif^iTSTrr and bade him find the way down th'e*^i j incline to the bot KBD-Mjf -the -Tgorge, . waieh, there, was -not more than two hundred and £fiy feet below, giving him instructions to be ready to sweep it with theu- fire when the warriors came, as come they speedily must Next, facing eastward, he deployed his men, causing them to stand or kneel in the shelter of the Jittle trees, but to keep vigilant lookout. Another little squad 'was strung out down the face of flie bluff, to keep connection wifli the men descending to the depths of the canon, and these preparations were barely completed, when riding at rapid gait, two horsemen came lasfotng up the eastward siope. The panting of the ponies' could be heard before anything could toe seen, but the instant the vague shapes appeared, two I sudden shots rang out on the night and Uien ? a- dozen— a spattering volley— flashed from the line. .-. : : :-t ?. ,. '. . . ????-.' ' Down, went one pony, struggling and rol ling in -the snow. Away sped the other back into the blackness of the night Then «. dark object seemed io disengage itself from.. the I s^ggling pony -and go crouching iand Ump I 1Qg away. Two or -three excited young sol I fliers banged tliijrliaiiJb&ies; 4&i;*lioift SthH I faintest ajm. Then 5t seemed as %^l? I a', hillsides woke to a wild revel ^ of basttie, I for, behind them* ifat;:'iip^*lieAcaai«n-tiieie I tose a wail of terror from the fleeing squaws I and shouts of the few , old braves left to I guard them, resounding war whoops of I younger Indians ' somewihere, anywhere, I ^If'T^here,. down the slopes io ASxe east; I Then a bright column of flame shot Mgh'in I sr over among the rocks to the mortal of the I sate, and afar oat over the eastward praMe I % Eoad and Mb braves came dashing, I staving, thundering to Hie rescue. I 'They'll not try flie guleh, sorr,' ahouted I fiflrke, in. his eat. 'Only a few 'will push I & there, most of -em will come thjs, way and ?' get around us to our rigiht' I 'Open oil^TnleSaLp Push onf soutfl^ard I were oa far as you can,' shouted Wffl* as fie ran bounding through the enow toward tbe right of his invisible jine. 'Watdh for -them! They'E come with a rush, w&en; they come at all!' And Rorke, wihose business it was to re main with his 'comrades in battle' where first he was posted near the brow of the steep, .went running after his young com mander as hard as foe could go, with no man to stop him. In the excitement and darkness, in the thrill of the moment, some of the men seem ed disposed to Middle together rather than to increase their intervals, for plainly now e^iild be heard a dull thunder of noofs— the roar of the coming storm. Then, too, shad owy spectres of horsemen oould be dimly seen darting into partial view and out again like the flash that greeted them. But far up the gorge, behind Farrar's line the sound of batfle grew fiercer and louder. Then down from the depths of the canon there came sudden clamor of shot and cheer and challenge and yells of rage and defiance; an«3 then all on a sudden, out from among the stunted trees, with panting, struggling, bounding ponies, with lashing, bending, yel ling braves; there burst upon them the main body of the Indians, three-score warriors at least, and, despite the ring of shots, on and through and over they rushed the slim and extended skirmish line, *and Will Farrar, springing for the shelter of a little cedar, was struck full in the breast by a muscular shoulder and knocked backward into the snow. He struggled to his feet, groping for his revolver, just in time to meet the dash of half a dozen racing braves, all yelling, lake fiends. Something crashed upon his skull and struck a million sparks or stars, and everything whirled, out of sight and sound and sense as~ the young officer went down, face foremost, into fche drifts. . CHAPTER XIX. ' The Battle of the Ghosts'— so Big Road's people called it, long months after— fought late at night and far up tbe slopes of the Elk Range, was reported at Fort Frayne before the rising of another sun. The mysterious! sybtem of signaling which enabled the In dians of the reservations in Nebraska to know the details of the Custer massacre be fore they could be wired from Bismarck, was here in use again, and stragglers from the band far back at Trooper Creek, and even the cowboys and ranchmen, carousing about Bunco Jim's in honor of 'he triumph of their plans, knew all about Farwell's overtaking the village, of Farrar's desperate stand, and Wayne's long gallop to their support before the first tidings were 'whispered within the silent walls across the stream, or even guessed at T-y the grim old soldier, rousing from his sleep barely ten miles from the seat of ' action. The first ' news to reach the garrison came from '-Jim- town,' and was laughed to scorn by mem bers of the guard. The next words went fearfully along among the kitchens of Of ficers' Row, and speedily reached the ears of the anxious wives and children of the soldiers in the field, and still the surgaon left in charge at Frayne refused to beMfc-ve the rumors and hastened to forbid that any one should speak of them where they could reach the ears of the household of Farrar, for the croakers told of fell disaster and of the death of the last soldier of that honored name. - But bad news travels fast, and the direful tidings reached Lucretia Fenton?s ears while Kitty still slept the sleep of the youu*, rlie innocent and unsuspicious, and what Lu cre tia knew she could never conceal. The morning gun had failed to wake Will's dainty ladylove; the trumpets rang -no reveille, for there was no garrison to rouse, and only one trumpeter remained to sound, the calls, but people were up and astir and hurrying from house to house, long before the usual hour, and Marjorie Farrar, watching by the bedside of her strickened daughter, hoard with straining ears the excited tones of the servants at the back doors, and but for Helen Daxuiton's vigilance -would herself havp. gone to ascertain the cause. Stipulat ing that her friend should not go cown stairs, Helen -nad fastened forth finding th-ii own kitchen deserted, and, as the co loners house was but a few rods away, and Lucretia was there at the gate in Tenement recitative with Mrs. Amory, and eerrain of the younger belles of. the garrison as listen ers, Helen hastened thither, only to stse ihe pany scatter at her approach. Tlrs in it self v,as ominous, but it was no time for hesitation. Some of the party were evident ly in tears. The old chaplain was rapidly appr- aching from his quarters on. the vest ward side; the doctor, field glass ii hand, was studying the snowy «xpanise to tbe north from the edge of the bluff. With him stood the sergeant of the guard, and an other r^n-com missioned 'officer was hasten ing towards nim up tie sentry post of No. 5. It was to them, siio ^Tjpealed, ana in their faces s»ne read the first intima.ti.in of ill news. Tli doctor turned, as though ae toad been expecting her, and held forth his hand. 'I am glad you are here,' he said, 'for I 'have reason -to disbelieve the news that ihas been frittering in ever since dawn, but I wish it kept from Mrs. Farrar as long a® possible.' Helen's face had turned white as the snow. He saw it ap.d drew her arm witin iu his own. 'Stragglers from Big Road's band^say — tiiose that were left at Trooper .Creek, at least— that there was a fight last night. Part of the village was captured, and part of the band broke through .and got away. The Indians claim to have killed several of our people, but they are the big gest boasters on the face of the globe. The cowboys over yonder believe it, because they hate Fenton and the Twelfth, and wouldn't be sorry to have them worsted, because that would bring on a bag war and lots of troops. We would have heard it by this time, in some way, had there been serious disaster.' 'But, doctor, Mass Fenton and others with her hastened away when they saw ine' com ing, and they were in. team' 'Oli, ifchey've got hold of some silly story that the servants have been gabbling, and tli&t; Tve tried *o test that Farrar- is, among, the injured. It all comes from that vile a-oost over there,' said he scowling malig nantly at 'Jimtown.' 'No! don't you give way,. Mirs. Daunton,' he continued, as she seemed to sMver iand tremble. 'I shall need aii your strength if there be trouble coming. But, if my opinion Is not sufficient let ine teH yoo what Captain Iieale thinks. He say* that the TWrigns wouldn't fight in the dark except at long range, and the story is tihaft Wail was tomahawked. Keep every thing feom her, therefore, for ;£he present. Colonel Fenton will be iaerfe by noon.'. 'Keep everything1 from her, -doctor! j^. mother reads faces as you do books. No one can- conceal from Mrs. 'Farrar that ill newa is in the air,, and that it is of her boy. Is there no -way sue ,can. find ttoe tenth? Anything, ajaiost, would ' be'.bebter than sus pense!' she cried, wltii breaking voice. 'I know of none, 'my poor friend,' lie gently answered. 'AR,oy& there at the setiiement -is riot andveonfusaon. TJhey be iieve everything and know nothing. It may t#e M^V^&^4&B0;^get details, for &e; 'gjgBhpsyfgy -*Jae Sglit took place ^away in among the MUs through .Elk Springs canon, over fi£t^:t^l^.'T£i»^ij;^f^)^i'.''a2£S.';1iie tele graph line from . I^ramie to the old post follows file stage road from Fetterman far to the east If abyireportSi however, had gone Sn ; jby :? way : of I/araimie they would surely have been repeated up here for our benefit.' And just then a man came nzmrying to taern from the fine of officers' quarters. It ?was Jjeale's attendant 'Tbe captain says, sir, 'that ihe 4Miiks if you wire through Lara mie they w4H be having news by*. this time at Buffalo or M'Kinney stage stations.' 'T&at; was like Leaje,' fliought the doctor, 'an*' be must have tieard she was here with m⋘'W* worW^y^g,' he said, aloud. 'WiSTyou go witk me t» tits office?*' 'J must I cannot return to her— with 4Buch news as I have heard.' And so, to gether, they hastened over the snowy par ade, and Marjorie Farrar, watching from ibe dormer window of fiUis's little room, saw . them and read the motive of their go ing. Ten minutes later a dramatic scene oc curred in that shabby little office--one that Frayne has not yet ceased to tell of, and wall long remember. Kurtz, tie operator, was~ clicking away at his . instrument as the doc tor entered. 'I've got Laramie, sir, now,' ho answered in response to the first questjon asked Mm, 'and he says Buffalo knows no thing yet The first news ought to come ^through the stage station near Allison's ranch. Golonel Fenton was over there last night, but nothing has been heard this' morn in§. The operator is there now.' 'Wire to him, then! Urge him to find out whether there was a fight in the hills— whe- ?thftr Colonel Fenton is still at Allison's, and get any authentic news he can and send it mere at once.' And even as Kurtz began clicking his mes sage there was some sudden check, an eager light shot into his face, an expression of keen, intense interest. He let go his key and sat listening to the quick beating of the tiny baimmer of the* instrument then seized a peneil and began to write just as a falter ing step was heard on the creaking wood work of the piazza. The door burst open,' and in, with wild eyes and disheveled hair, a heavy cloak thrown about -her, but without overshoes, without gloves, all oblivious to the bitter cold, Marjorie Farrar rushed in upon them. 'Tell me instantly.' she began; but the doctor, an inspiration seizing' him as he read the operator's face, turned with uplifted hand, with reassuring smile as Helen open ed her arms to receive her friend. There was a moment more of breathless, harrowing snsptKse, of swift clicking at the table, of swifi skmnming pencil, and then Kurtz sprang to his feet and placed in Mrs. Far rar'te trembling hand the yellow brown sheet. With eyes that seemed starting from their sockets, she read. Then, with one glad cry, 'Thank God! Oh, thank God!' threw herself on Helen's breast. The doc tor seized the fluttering paper ere it reached the floor and read aloud: 'My congratulations on Will's gallant bearing in his maiden fight. He merits the name he bears. Expect us heme to-morrow night, very hungry. 'George Fenton.' But that was only a -part of the story. What Leale said was true enough. The Indians would not fight in the dark except, at long range, but that did not prevent their taking advantage of the dark for a sudden rush that would enable them to burst ?fcbrousih what they well knew could only be a thin and widely dispersed line. It was easier to do it in the dark, as the warriors weH knew, than in broad daylight, and so, learning from their vigilant scouts about where Farrar's men were deployed, they rode forward in noiseless array until closa upon them, then at given signal, and 'with full understanding that no one was to stop for anything, they dashed forward over the snow at headlong speed.- The few shots fired whizzed by their ears -without checking them in the least, though two Sioux saddles, by great good luck, were emptied, and when the pony of one low-bending warrior collid ed with Farrar and keeled Mm over, others following behind raced through just as he was scrambling to his feet, and one of the riders had struck wildly with his war club at the dark object and downed it again. The whole band was out of sight in less time than it takes .to -tell it. The crash and sputter of hoofs could be neard as they thundered away and then the loud crack ling of rifle and revolver, as the band reach ed the descent to the canon farther to the west and found Farwell's led horses on the bluff. (To be continued.) 