Woman's CHAPTER XI. THE events which had preceded this visit to Dr. Poele were of such a strange nature, tbat all inclination to mirth gave plaoe to awestruck feeling of interest and mystery in Armathwaite's mind as ho passcJ into the presence of the sick man. The weak daylight still showed faintly through the drawn blinds, and helped to give a mournful look to a room which dark mahogany furniture aud a funereal four-post bedstead rendered already sufficieutlygloomy. By the fire sat the doctor in a largo arm chair, sorting papers by the light of a couple of candles on a small table- at bis side. Armathwaite was startled by the look on bis face as be raised bis bead and held oat a thin hand in welcome. Having heard on all sides tbat the ailment which kept the doctor at borne was nothing bat a cold, the young man had not been prepared for the sunken eyes and ashy paloness which, to hie observant vision, seemed tho uumistakable heralds of death ; he was so much changed tbat but for the keen aud kindly eyes, the weak and vacillating mouth, Frank would Bcarcoly have Jmown him. The old man watched the face of bis visitor with groat keenness as he told bim gravely and without surprise tbat be was glad be had come, and bade his daughter bring a chair and place it noar bim. Ho then with a gesture invited the young man to sit down, and with very little preface, with the grave manner of a man who felt that he had no time left for trifling, asked bim what bad brought bim. " I have come here by the strangest acci dent," answerod Armathwaite. "Or rather by' nu incident which baa already led to sc> ?many extraordinary adventures, that I hesi tate to call it an accident at all." Dr; Peele pushed baclr his grey bair with a gesture peculiar to him when he was in terested and with .a touch of affectionate dismissal to his daughter, who was standing lovingly, beside his chair, he gravely bowed his head to intimate that he was ready to listen. As soon as they were alone, Arm athwaite, as'muob impressed by the rnauner of the doctor's reception as by any of the previoiis'events'to which his strangely-inter rupted journey had given rise, related very simply tbe circumstances : that ho had met Alma Crosmont, passed tho night, by her husband's invitation, in their house, and tbat Lady Kildonan had taken him to lun cheon at The Orags. Even narrated barely like this, without any bint of the discover ies be bad made concerning the inner life of the two households, Armathwaite found that his story was listened to with intense interest by the old doctor, who considered bis face in silence for some minutes after it was finished. ? i. "It is very strange,"- he said at last. "And perhaps the straqgest pnrt of it all is tbat not runny weeks ago I mentioned you to Alma Orosmout as a man who, iu certain circumstances we were then imagining, would be tikely to have the skill and the courage^ to do her a difficult and perhaps dangerous service." "Wbat was that service? May I not know?" asked Armathwaite in a vory low voice. " Hardly-yet," answered tbe old doctor slowly, " But if you will stay here a few days," I will talk to you again on tbe subject. Can you spare tbe time ?" . "I will do 'so, if you have any strong reason for wishing me to say. B ut if I may go up .to Glasgow to-night and return to you, I should prefer it, as I have a chance of au appointment at the Infirmary there, and tbe oandidates will be seen to-morrow." "Let 'em be seen; lean give you some thing better. My wife and daughter think I shall be about again in a few days; but you and I know otherwise. I believe with Alma and with you, tbat it was no chance brought you to this place. Within a few hours of your arrival yon .liavo come face to face with tbe two cases which have been gnawing at my very life; for I warn you, you will have no easy post here ; there are secrets which I will confide to you, if you oare to take my plaoe here, connected with certain of my patients, tbe knowledge of which will make your life an everlasting dance upon tbe edge of a volcano which must break out some day. You are young, energotic, bonest, not over-emotional, with a head very well screwed on, though it's only on young shoulders. You may per haps find a way to grapple successfully with difficulties which to an old man, weighed down by old recolleotion3 and sentiments bound up with the dead, have been like sleeping dogs allowed to lie. Stay here a few days; learn to know us ; I will intro duce you to my patients ; if at tbe end of a week or a fortnight you decide to remain, you shall take up my practice, weighted with this one condition, tbat you look after my wife and daughter when I am gone. They will bo provided for, but Millie is not handsome enough to marry, and she will need a guardian all her life : on you, there fore, if I give you this start in life, will de volve the responsibility, not of providing a home for her yourself, but of fulfilling a brother's duty towards her, and seeing that whatever home she chooses is a suitable and if possible a happy one. Now I have spoken to yon very simply aud very frankly, and perhaps yon are startled by a proposal which comes upon you so suddenly. But my time i is short, and my reasons for making this offer to you instead of to an older man are strong and clear. Think over what I have said and study your new surroundings for the next few days, and when yon have made up your mind, give me yes or no." " I can give it now, . Dr. Peole. It is, with my heartiest thanks-yes." " Well, yon have still, until I tell you the secrets I spoke of, the power to retraot. In the meantime will you go downstairs and have tea with yonr new sister ?" He touched a bell by his side twice, and in a few moments Mrs. Peele appeared, her approach horalded by a tread like that of a man. " Margaret," said her hasband, " this is the young fellow of whom I once told you that if I had had a son I would have had that son like him. He will stay with ns for the next few days, and you will make him welcome." Armathwaite felt rather uneasy, after: their encounter downstairs, as to how this 1 exhortation would bo taken. To hia sur prise and consternation she marched up to him, find just aa he made au involuntary step back, half expecting that her intentions were pugilistic, she drew him down by the shoulder with a powerful hand, and printed ou his coy cheek a martial kiss. Becovering quickly from hia astonishment, he respect fully returned the salute, and having thus signed articles of peace, he hastened to obey her deoo-voiced command to go down to tea. In the sitting-room he found Millie, now busy with tiie tea-things, and, as it seemed to him, rather absout and preoccupied, fie fancied that there was some anxiety in the look she gave him as ha entered, and al though she olmtted to him brightly and pleasantly enough about London and the lake-country and hia journey, there was more constraint iu her manner than there had been when she first received him at the door. . She was, however, such an extremely intelligent and agreeable person that Arm athwaite soon found himself tolling her of his newly-made acquaintances with .the two lakeside beautieB, suppressing, however, all details that savored of the marvellous. Miss Peelo listened with great attention, ana was very anxious for his opiniou of tho two ladies. He gave it iu a guarded and modified way, but tbe bias of it delighted her. "Then you like Alma Orosmont best! I'm so glad. It's a good sign in a man to do that, I feel sure. I know," she con tinned hastily, "that Lady Kildonan \e.very bright and charming, and very good-tempered too, I thiuk, for such a beauty. But there's more in Alma thau that, a great deal more; and I often feel my hands tingling to,box tho oars of that husband of hers, waen I see him " . , She stopped in confusion and hastened, to put some coals on the fire ; but in the midst' of this occupation she turned to Armathwaite with a genial laugh. . "It's of no use; I've 3one it, and,uo ar tifice will cover it!" she cried. "1111 always getting myself into trouble'by blurting out tilings that are better left unsaid. I haven't the least atom of tact or discretion. Sa .1 may as well finish what I was saying, and relievo my feelings." " Especially as I kuow what yon were go ing to say." "Do you ?" Then her kind plain faoo grew grave. "Yes, it needs no conjurer to see that the poor little woman is thrown away on that great empty-headed fellow, who doesn't know the difference between gold and gilding. Papa ma'fc that match, yon know: I think he's sorry for it now." And she looked into the fire again. " You know Mrs. Crosmont intimately ?" "I used to; but she never comes here now. I believe it's ber husband prevents her; he's afraid papa will see and be angry about the alteration in her. I met her iu Mereside about ten days ago, and I scarcely knew her; she seems to be growing qui to old and-and ghost- like. Oh, it's a shame, it's a shame!" Armathwaite warmed to this girl with her open heart and straightforward speech. " Ye3, she is losiug her health and grow- ' ing old before her time. We must see what j can be done," he said earnestly. ! Millie looked up at him sharply. He was i sitting in a chair before the fire, with his arms resting on hisitknees: and she was crouching,with a round back and protruded face upon the hearthrug. "And I thought so. You're going to stay here," she said, with a nod of intelligence. " For a few days, yes," said Armathwaite, taken aback. "Oh, for more than that! I kuow. You're going to he papa's partner. It's of no use to try and hide it from me, because I'm personally interested,' you Udow ; and in anything which concerns oneself one gets to be abnormally clever. Oh, I knew what you'd come about the moment I saw you 1" " You knew a great deal more than I did then, for wheu I came here I hadn't tho faintest notion that Dr. Peele wanted an assistant at all; and your father hadn't the faintest notion I was coming." "Really 1 Well, it's the very strangest chance I ever heard, ,then. Because we knew very well that papa was finding the practice too much for him, arid that it's dreadfully tiresome for him: to be ill and to have nobody to do the work. ^ And ho I wouldn't have an assistant sinoo-well, i since he had one a little while ago who didn't do very well. So the moment you appeared, I made up my mind that papa had been making arrangements without .telling us, and that you were to be his partner. And mamma thought so too, and was very angry because she had not been con sulted. " Oh !" said Armathwaite, a light break ing in upon Mrs. Peele's strange reception. "So you see you may confess without breach of confidence, because we koow." "But nothing is settled yet," .said Arm athwaite. " It is quite true that Dr. Peele has made some suggestion of the sort to me "Ah, ha; I knew it." "But these things are not arranged in such a hurry." "You have a practice already ?" "Well, no, I have not." '.You aro afraid of tbo dulnoss of a place like tbis ?" " Most certainly not." " Ah, then I know the reason why you don't want to como !" She toascd her head, and looked again at tbo fire. She waa chuckling over some little'secret all by herself, and was apparently in doubt whether she shonldfcommunicato it"to him. Armathwaite felt curious. " Supposing I do want to come. What beoomos of your reason then ?" "In that case we should have to form au alliance, defensive, and if necessary offen sive, against my mother aud her evil mach inations.'' Armathwaite looked puzzled and rather alarmed, and Millie burst out laughing. "I will be plain with you," Bho said, still struggling with her merriment. " I can't be anything but PLAIN with anybody, you know," she added, putting her hands up to her face to emphasize her little joke, with a comical grimace. "No sooner will my moihor know that there is a chance of your settling bore, than she will begin the attack by informing you that the first thing neces eary to a oountry doctor-before tuleut, be fore experience, before anything, in fact- is a wife. Next she will enlarge upon thefaot that what you want in a wife is goodness, ' and a capacity for making thes most excel lent pastry; great accomplishments are a disadvantage, aud good looks a positive dis qualification. Then siie wiil go on-Ha, ha I you .guess what is comini I-she will go on to say that the very sum atid substance of all tbo needful perfections is at hand in the person of ME," and Millie embraced herself jubilantly. " Ugly face, completo iguorance of any art but darning and cook ing, and all!" "But really, Miss Peelp, von are doing yunrself the greatest inju. tiuej" be- an Arm athwaite, rather embarrassed by her frank ness, though her bonosty and slroiig sense of fun amused and interested him. " Oh, no, I'm not,'.' said she, looking up into his face with smiling candour, which, though it did not make her beautiful, had a strong attraction t»f another kind. " You see, I've bad some experience in these mat ters. About two years ago papa took a partner, aud all went as merry as marriage bells, when the unlucky young man, foresee ing his doom, promptly caught an affection of tbo lun^s from a patient, who had scarla tina, and ordered and carried out his own removal to a drier climate." Millie evi dently enjoved the recollection oftbis episode immensely. " I didn't like him, so I didn't interfere. Then last summer came the as sistant I told you of. £Te made a very valiant struggle; he got as far as giving mo flowers and lending me a book of poetry. But then the violence of his emotions dis turbed his brain, T suppose, and he got care less with his prescriptions, and very nearly poisoned two of the villagers. So he had to go, and all the fl.iwars and poetry were thrown away. I wa* sorry for him whpn be bad to leave lilts that, but be was a silly fellow, and ho shouldn't have pretended to cars for me when all the time he was crazy about somebody elso," ;" I think you were rather hard upon him. Why should you think he wasn't sin-' core ?" " Because, though I'm uot at all a bril liant person, I have a little sense, a.ud I know quite well thai I may be the sort of girl a man would_ like.fur a sister, but Tm not tha sort of girl ho'd care to have for a wife." This was so exactly Arm ithwaite'a . own impress ion of her, that mi involuntary i twinkle of appreciation in his face caught; her sharp eyes. """ "So I thought that I'd bettor put you on | your guard," she continued, brightly, " and j if you don t want to have me flung at your I bead from morning till night, you will, if you haven't got one already, inveut a fiancee to whom you are madly attached, with whom you correspond regularly, and whom you are only waiting for a favourable opportunity to instal here a3 your brido." ' At this fiction tbay both laughed heartily; I and with extravagant suggestions as to the devices to which they would be driven if Mrs. Peele should insist on inviting the fiancee to stay at BiMiiksome, they cemented fheir friendship and closed a firm alliance. Mrs. Peele, when she joined them a little later, had evidently received full instructions from her husband, aud was majestically cor- ' dial; while the friendly relaiious established between the_ new-comer and her daughter, j to the mischievous amusement of both, gave her undisguised pleasure. Armathwaite did uot see the d.-ctor again that night; but when, he retired to tbo prim and neat lit tie .room which had bceu prepared for him, after an evening of p'eisant, sympathetic talk, which to a sisterlcs? man was full of charm, be felt that if he li'id spent days in imagining an ideal career, ho could not have formed an opening more entirely to his taste than that which bad.-sprung up under hiB feet by what seemed a series of miracles. As for the difficulties and dangers spoken of i by Dr. Peele, it was natural enongh that to a young man they should appear merely as fresh interests ; atid knowing as lie did that the promised secrets concerned the two j beautiful" women who had filled his thoughts i so entiroly siuco ho first saw them, bo waa madly eager for tho doctor's disclosures, nnd hoped that ho might bo sent for tho invalid early on tho following morning. But this hope was dispelled by an unoxpooted circum stance, which cuusod him to begin his pro fessional duties with loss delay than he had foresoen. Next morning, breakfaBt was scarely ovor, and Mrs. Peele,. having bullied her visitor unmercifully for not eating martualado, had only just marched from tho room, armed with a clanking bunch of keys, to attend to her household duties, when a small groom drove up to the house in a dog-cart and de livered a note for Dr. Peole. This note was sent down by tho doctor to Armalhwaito to read. It was from Lady Kildonan, and con tained only a few lines to say that one of the housemaids had out her hand badly, and if the dootor could not como himself ho was to Bend Dr. Armathwaito. Tho young man read this, and his faco flushed with a dozen different emotious. Millio, who was filling the seed- trough of her canary, looked at him furtively as ho glanced through the note, which she herself had brought down to him. "Have you read it ?" ho asked. "Yes. Papa read it to me." "And what did ho say?" "He said ho supposed you must go." " And what did you say ?" "I didn't say anything, but I thought "What ?" "That sbo was beginning pretty soon." Armathwaite buro* out Iaaghing. " Oh, you ill-natured litilo thiug 1 I shouldn't have thought il of yon.'' " Dr. Armathwaito, it is not in naturo for n plain womau not to see the faults in a haudsome one. It relieves my feelings, and makes no difference to yours. Lady Kil donan is a bom coquette, fond of excitement, dying of ennui because her husband makes her live iu the country. She looks upon every stranger that comes to the neighbour hood ns her legitimate prey ; she oven con descended to turn the head of papa's unfor tunate assistant, who couldn't hear her name mentioned without falling a-trembling. From geutleman to peasant, sho won't be content till every man worships hor,aud you may be sure she won't let you off." Millie gavo hitn a sagacious nod, whilo Armathwaite buttoned up hia coat gravoly. " I don't think I'm one of the worship ping sort," he snid. " Lady Kildonan has my heartiost admiration, but I flatter ray self it's not so easy to turn the head of a true born Yorkshiremtio." " Well, I hope not," said Millie doubt fully. Armathwaite got into the dog-cart and drove off with a slight feeling of irritation towards Millie for her obstinate persistence in an injurious doubt. But he presently re flected that the girl could not possibly know the reasons he bad for looking with sus picion and mistrust upon the beauty, nor the secret of partisanship with which he regarded her sweeter rival, Alma Crosmont. He would let it bo plainly seen this verv , morning that the doctor batty with profes sional duties of to-day was a very different pc.rsi n from tho idle guest of the day before and make her understand once for all that he was 110 ladios' physician, with hours to waste in listening to lisping accounts of trifling ailments, but a straightforward and practical man with his heart iu the duties of his work. It was another beautiful and bright morn ing, but the young man scarcoly noticed how the snow sparkled in the suu and lay in patches of fantastic shape upon the lulls. He was quite bristling with duty by the time lie arrived at The Crags, dashed up the drive, jumped down from the dog-cart, rang the bull, and aBked to be taken straight to the injured maid, as if each moment of bis time had been a goMen guinea. The hurt turned onfc to be a trifling one, as indeed he hadexpecjted. Having bound up the wounded hand and given thesimp'.e directions neces sary, ho was hurrying out of the house when a footman ran after him and requested htm to sfop, as hc-r ladyship desired to speak to to him. Armathwaito hesitated, inclined to offer an excuse, when Lady Kiklonau's maid, a midtlle-a^ed and astute-looking person, fluttered, dowu the hall and said she hail been seut to show him up to her mistress's room. ?' Is Lady Kildonan ill ? asked Armath waite. " Not very ill, but she thought she would like to see you, sir." There was no choice left for him. He followed Ihe woman up the wide staircase, .along an oak-panelled gallery large enough and handsome enough for a ball- room, to a dcor at which she knocked softly. " Come iu," cried Ladv Kildouan's voice, which was lis bright as ever. Tho next moment he found himself in a room the colouring and decoration of which suggested'to him the inside of a sea-shell, adorned with hangings of pale satin, and carpeted with thick soft velvet which looked like sea-moss. Tho lace curtains, drawn close, were lined with pale rose-coloured silk, through which the bright sunlight came pleasantly subdued ; in a tiny fire- placo tiled with paintings of flowers, burnt a small fire. Close to it, lying back iu a large e&sy-ohair;, her head resting on a satin cushion, was Lady Kildonan. The illness concerning which she had to consult the doctor was luckily not serious enough to dim the bright ness of her eyes, or to render less dazzling the lustre of her brilliant complexion. On the other hand, it was grave enough to per mit her to appear in white cashmere wrap per, witli her hair loosely loio'ttod together and a black lace mantilla round her head, a costume beautifully suited to an invalid m perfect health, such as Armaihwaite at once decided her to be. Standiug at tho threshold of the door a9 the lady lauguidly beckoned him in, the young doctor, with a haze of memories and recollections before his eyes, wished that he had not come. TO BE CONTINUED. An examination into tho business operations and present position- of the Mutual Life Insurance Co. of New York has just been justified by tho Insurance Department of the State of New York at tho request of tho company. The investigation was of the most careful character, engaging the attention of the department for about eighteen months, and its re sult was to verify iu every particular the statement issued by tho company's executive at the close of last year. The fncome for the year amounted to clQoe on a million pounds sterling. -ai 