ENGLAND AND HER COLONIES 7 Fnou Our Correspondent. LONDON, 20tii November. the proposed zollverein. Although Air. Chamberlain hns not obtained much support for his proposed zollvcroin, ho appears to take a very optimistio view of the commercial prospects of tho Empire. At a dinner given in his; honor by tho 31irmingham Chamber of Commerce, tho Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies' eulogised tho Bpread of British authority and tho recent conquests in the Sou dan and Ash&ntec.; Ho admitted that tho annexation of territory had of lato beon mora rapid than was prudent, bub in Mb opinion tho Government had no option in .tho matter. If Great Britain not acquired theso additional domains some othor colonising nation would havo stepped in and excluded liritish manufacturers from tho sphere the newcomers monopolised. Earth hunger is only another phrase for now markets. Mr. Chamber lain dwelt at somo length upon tho liberality which Groat Britain displays to foreign mer chants and manufacturers, who aro allowed to do business \in and with British colonics in exactly tho terms as tho people of this country. No German is prevented from trading with ,Anhaiiteo because tho British' flag Hies over Coomassic ; but no British trader is allowed to do business with German East Africa. Mr. Chamberlain was scarcely ho happy when ho declared that our triumphs had not only beon advantageous to ourselves, but had boon full of benefits to tho people over whom wo have assumed tho functions of govern ment. It is truo thai Ooomassie and Dongola may have boon rescued from a sanguinary bar barism, but it would bo as well to havo tho opinions of tho Ashantoes and tho dervishes upon that head, and it is tolerably cer tain that tho Mntabelo would prcfor tho rulo of King Lobonguln to that of Mr. Cecil Rhodes. Mr. Chamberlain was very strong on statistics. In 1885 our total exports of domostio produce wero £213,000,000, whilo in 1895, notwithstanding tho decline in values, thoy had increased to £210,009,000. Germany had increased from £L43, 000,000 in 1885 to £148,000,000 in 1891, bo tlmt whilo wo had increased £3,000,000, our rivals had increased £5,000,000. Tho exports from tho United Kingdom to. its various colonics and depen dencies woro £105,000,000 in 388485, and £113,000,000 in 189-4, an increaso of £8,000,000, while thoso of Germany had grown from £1,500,000 to£4, 500,000, an increase of £3, 000, 000. "Theso figures wero not satisfactory, hut they woro nob Alarming. Thoy showed, however, that in certain branches of trade in particular industries wo have been outstripped by our competitors, and havo lost trade which wo ought to have maintained. "Well, what was the reason of this? Tho reasons aro no doubt multifarious, but the principal undoubtedly is to bo found in what I must call tho too great independcnco of our manufacturing population. In that phrase I include all classes — tho manu facturers v thomsolvos and their work people — and it is unfortunately truo thatiu lato years our competitors abroad, and "especially our Gorman competitors, have shown a greater willingness than wo havo shown to meet tho requirements of tho markets." Mr. Chamber lain's explanation is therefore tlio samo &b; Lord Rosebory's, Tho .remedy is to shako off tho intenso Conservatism which has become a part of fcho manufacturers' nature, and for thom to emancipate -themselves from obstinate adherence to out of date traditions. l'ltOTEDTIONISTS IN ENGLAND. At tho annual couferonco of tho National Union of Conservative and Constitutional Asso ciations, a resolution was unanimously carried that in tho sottlemcnt of tho affairs of Rhodesia a preferential tariff basis for British and colo nial produce Bliould be established. The meet ing also supported a Is. duty on all foreign oorn. The Liberal papers refer to the Conser vatives a3 " wallowing in protection," and sug gest that tho whole Tory caucus is turned into a " convention of bounty-mad faddists." Cob- den's prediction that English free- trade would mean universal free-trado had not followed, and as far as America was concerned a tariff might shortly bs expected that would crush tho great woollen industry of this country. In his speech at Sheffield lust night, Air. Balfour, while disclaiming all intention of entering into the controversy between free-trade and protec tion, seemed to tako much tho samo view of protective duties that Dr. Johnson did of ghosts — that all reason ia against them and all expori ence is for them. Tho free-trado argument, says Air. Balfour, has never yofc been answered, but tho only two countries who have tried frco- trado aro the United Kingdom aud Turkey. THE INDUSTRIES OF VICTORIA. At a meeting of the Royal Colonial Institute, held on tho 17th inst., Air, E. Jeroma Dyer read ft paper entitled Tho Colony of Victoria : Somo of Its Industries. Sir "Westby B. Perce val, K.C.AI.G., occupied tho ohair, and thoro was a fair attendanco of members. Tho author prefaced his remarks by a brief reference to Australia in general, pointing out tlmt in a con tinent so huge thoro must bo some few draw backs, of which, in tho moro northern por tions, ho considered tho insufficient water supply tho only sorious defect. The colony of Victoria luxuriating in the more temperate south bleuded tho hot blasts from tho north with fcho frigid breezes from tho ocean, formed a climatic zone free from extremes, and justly claimed tho appellation of Australia's "farm garden." Mr. Dyer showed himsolf out of sym pathy with tho protective policy of his country, and stated that Victorian manufactures did uot justify tho importanco attached to them. He considered mining as merely incidental to tho perpetuity of agricultural industries. Tho great industries which naturo intended tlio colony for were dairying, horticulture and viticulture. Figures of Victoria's oxport trade showed that iu five years tho butter export trado roso from practically nothing to £1,000,000 per annum ; 5000 acres were devoted to the 'wino industry in 1873, and 20 years later six timeB that area pro duced 2,000,000 gallons of wino annually, exhibits of which gained tho highest prizes at tho Brussels and Alarscillos exhibitions. Atten tion Svas -'directed to this opening for British capital, as tho vignerons of tho colony, though a hard working class, lacked tho funds to expand their.indusfcry and store and mature their wines for the high grade markets. Air. Dyer stated that the financial disaster of 1893 had beeii of incalculable good to tho colony, 40,000 of Melbourne's population going back to tho land, and tho annuaL expenditure of tho Government being reduced by nearly £300,000 for salaries alouo. An interesting discussion followed the paper. Air. H. M. Paul dwelt on tho supremacy of Vic torian' wool and butter, the latter commanding nearly. tho highest price iu the market. In tlio- East mistakes had been mndc iu the wine oxport, ut theso had now been remedied, and woro not 1 likely to bo repeated. Air. George Collins Levey contended that a mining and manufac turing country was almost always richer than a solely agricultural ono, and instanced England and Ireland for examples. He thought that tho. surer, policy would bo to mako tho most of the agricultural and pastoral advantages of the colony, and at the same timo make it a mining and manufacturing country ni well. Air. S. Lowe appreciated tho paper, and thought it should be licard in Birmingham anil the other large centres whero people were yet so ignorant of the wealth of tho colonics. Though Victoria had a right to bo proud of lior dairying development, Finland had developed mora rapidly still, and last year oxported 3000 ton9 of butter mora than tho colony. Air. David Wilson had dono good service, but ono man's efforts alone must not bo relied on. If Victoria rested on her oars sho would find danger in such a policy. Tho Agont-Goneral for South Austra lia, Air. Playford, followed Air. Levey's lead and defended Victoria's protective policy. Aus tralia would havo no difficulty in getting rid of her products to England, so long, as thoy wero of tlio best. There was no market for poor or inferior products. He had not tlio slightost doubt of a market for Australian wines being found in England, iu spite of foreign competition. Air. Valentino said the Victorian buttor fac tories wero constructed on tho bcBt system, con sidering tbo age of the industry. He advocated the othor Australian Governments supporting it as South Australia lmd done. Air. J. F. Hogan, ALP., differed from Air. Dyer in Bcvoral fiomts, but expressed himself in general sympathy with the author's views., Tho chairman wiid he had always experienced a great diffi culty iu getting a colonial Government to spend money wlioro it did not boo it Bpent, and could not control the outlay. South Australia had established a wino depot with encouraging results, but ho was bound to say tho recommendation of other colonial experts had not been carried out. 