' I-' the Diving Days. ''— People attracted by the ''strange inviting'1 of the life, and who are apt to overlook the hardships one is liable tu encounter 'in tho drovinsr davs.'' will be interested to hear something of the experiences of Mr. .T. C. Clarke, who was in charge of the the mob of ooO cattle among which there was such heavy mortality oa the long track of about K10 niiles from Warrinda to Hergott Springs, where at present the drought Send holds his sway. Mr. Clarke says the track is very bad all the way, not a bit of feed, and that dead rab'nits aro to be met with in hundreds. The last 320 wiles is in a deplor able state. There is one stage of 110 miles without water for cattle, and it was while travelling over this from tho Seven Sandhills to Cooper's Creek that tho cattle succumbed. Nearly 100 were lust. Mr. Clarke says :— ' At the Mulgrannie well, situated about seventy miles from the Seven Sandhills, there is a sraall supply of water, but it is very salt, and it is impossible to water a large mob. There is another well, about twenty miles from there, called Mulea, but it is impossible to water eight head of horses there. I could not get a drink for the two we were riding. Tour miles further on is 'New Well.' Thc-ro is good water here, but there is no supply at all, and it is perfectly useless for cattle. About ft o'clock one morning when we wcro close to the Mulca well we steadied thccattle with the idea of giving them a few minutes' spell. We saw a terrible duststorm coming up against us in the dis tance, and about ten minutes afterwards we were literally blinded. It lasted from then till S o'clock that night, and we could no; see fifty yards in front of us. Tho heat was intense, and a frightfully hot wind pre vailed, It took us about an hour and half to get the cattle over a little sandhill just off the road. We let them spread about in the few bushes there were, but within a couple of hours 150 wera dead, and they died on from 10.30 aim. -till 8 o'clock that night. From the time the storm came on us until daylight next morning we only travelled three miles. Next day saw something similar. The heat was terrible, and the beasts died in eights and tens from there till we reached the Cooper. In addition to the 81 which we got to Hergott we i left 47 alive, unable to travel, af Cooper's Creek, while 23 were allowed to remain at the Seven Sandhills on account of showing signs of poisoning. Four died from poison, so of tho 549 which crossed the border 39S gave up the ghost, and it was an awful sight to see them struggling between life and death. ' ''The route must be in a shocking state'' ' 'My God.' answered tho man from the bottom of his heart, ' they want rubbing up about that road, it is in a frightful state. I have been knocking about all my life, but I reckon this the hardest time I ever had. Why, I was nearly dead myself.' The Austealiax Sqcadron'.— Tho naval correspondent of the Globe, in his notes on November 6, says that 'It- is currently re ported that the Pear],tthird-class. cruiser at Devonport, will shortly be commissioned to relievo the Ringaroooma, which has been six years on the Australian Station. The Pearl is of exactly the same tonnage as the Ringaroouia, but although of only the same horsepower is rather a better steamer; I believe. In con sequence of the largo amount of sickness among the officers of the Piwebe, a sister ship to the Pearl, now stationed on the West Coast of Africa, Captain McGill recommended to the Admiralty that a system of fans, driven by dynamos, should be fitted in all ships of this class, where, except in the, calmest weather, all scuttles have to be kept closed at sea for safety. This has been carried out in. the PearL and the espense, iafter the first cost of the apparatus, will be next door to nil, as tho electromotors are driven by the propelling machinery. The second-class cruisers Andro mache and Sirius were both suggested at one time for the relief of the. Eingarooma, -but as they draw 2 ft. more' water— an important dis qualification in Australian waters — the Pearl has been selected instead/' Tue 'Chicago Tkibuxe' of Adelaide.— ' * Uncle Harry ' recently produced in his column a letter written by a member of the Sunbeam Society describing how she had been cured of a certain disease partly through tho agency of the Ecy._ J. A. , Dowie, of Chicago, the advocate^ of faith-healing. In connection with his ^ork 3Ir. Dowio' pub lishes a paper called Leaves of Healing, and in the issue 'of October 23 the following reference is made to the case in question: — 'Now, the good .man who publishes this letter in the Evening Journal is tho Editor of the children's column in this, which is the principal paper of Adelaide, South Australia. It is the even ing edition of the principal daily morning paper. This man is a Christian, and takes great interest in the children and in all young people, and this young lady writes the letter to him. They call him 'Uncle Harry,*' and ho publishes it in the paper and vouches for his personal knowledge of the young lady.' Mr. Dowie then proceeds to express his appreciation of our action in Inserting the letter of the ' Sunbeam' in the following terms :—' Now, we praise God for the publi cation of this letter; we who know tho spirit of the proprietor and Editor of that paper ' as being most antagonistic to Divine healing and to temperance, and so on. Ic is a paper that in Adelaide is somewhat like the Tribune is in Chicago^ — perhaps the most powerful paper commercially and from, a. literary point of view, and the most ? antagonistic from a spiritual point of view to everything good, especially sneering at everything connected with the supernatural- But they have been compelled to print this letter and to tell that story. Iliad a fight with it myself nearly thirty years ago on the temperance question, and my remembrance of.it is that I did not come out second best ; but I am glad it had the honesty to publish the facts— a thing Chicago papers will not do.'' We need hardly say that tho Editor regards tho picture given of him as a grotesquely untruthful caricature. The 'Navt and Aksit Illusteated.'— Messrs.' K- A. Thompson & Co. have sent us th? October number o£ the Navy andAnntt Illustrated, which fully maintains the excellent reputation gained by the earlier numbers. The frontispiece is a capital photo-engraving of Vice- Admiral Sir J. O. Hopkins, K.C.B.. the newly appointed Commaiider-In-Chiof in the Mediterranean. Characteristic scenes on board a man-of-war are reproduced in the most faith ful manner — from that of a midshipman posing as ' Trilby' to the prosaic business of serving dug the day's meat. The military portion of the number is repletewith scenes of camp life, including views of Britishitroops in India and a vary realistic picture of a wrestling encounter. . 'Thompson's Cheistmas. Budget.' — The publishing firm of K. A. -Thompson & Co. has issued an excellent 'Christmas Budget,' containing original stories, poems, and sketches by John Strange Winter, W. L. Alden, G. Manville Fenn, Babington Bayley, Mary E. Mann, and many others. * ' A Christmas in the Bush.'1 by Alfred Slade, is eminently Australian * m character, and 'Between Life and Death,' 'The Dream of William Elgood,' 'A Diamond Star,' 'A Dulditch Courting,' and 'The Legend of St. Catherine1' are all capital holiday reading. Many of the situations described are highly humorous. The publication is pleasingly illustrated. 