Aw Anxious Moment. BY MRS. HUNGERFORD ("THE DUCHESS"); Author op "Molly Bawn" and "The Professor's Experiment," &o.; Chapter V. Oh, tbfflittle moto and how ranch It Is I Ana the littlo less and what worlds awiiy t t Moroilylii, saddened to his heart's core, and sitting novv bofore his solitary library fire, gives himself up to miserable thoughts. X oor, -poor old Dick I little thing has hap pencil almost immediately after Dornliam's death that has crushed liim still further into the throes of melancholy. "Ho is dead I ""Morcdyth had exclaimed in open undisguised horror and grief as tho poor -head had fallen back. . . And the strange doctor had roplied, "Yos, my lord.". . Morcdyth had started as if stabbed,' and. old . Lord Vorlington frowned hoavily. ' Ho was, and is, tho moBt charmingly puncti lious and delicately expressed, of all' old mon, hpt- ho certainly said, "What" a devil of a brute!"- just then; and hardly under' liis .breath. ' Ho would have Baid more to Betty, and .no doubt moro decorously, but when: ho turned to look for her 'sho was gono. "And a good thing, too," thought hor uncle; "poor child, no place for her at any timo." " Lord Doruham!!' In spltoof him it came presently to George, as it most certainly would to any healthy ' man, that ho is now the posses sor of the title— the heir of all tho vast lands of Doruham, and of Droon bosides— that he is indeed one of tho richest mon in England, and at the -same timo, as he tolls hims'elf drearily, one of tho unhappicVb. Poor old Dick gono! and Olnudia a fro 'jd— and Betty— Betty— a traitor. Who would have thought that she— and after all she said, too,, encouraging him, upholding him, telling him to have courage, giving him courage indeed through hor own bo openly, so vehemently, declared faith in him 1 What falsoncss I Yet Betty to bo.falso 1 It seems impossible, with those clear oyes, that earnest mouth— that little, delicato, lionost face. Oh, it is impossible— and yet who can toll a woman's mind? Claudia cortainly had shown her colors at onco. Holauglis a littlo bitterly, tho soundless laugh of a solitary man. Is she sorry now ? If sho had pretendod a little longer —common dcccnoy should have suggested it to hor— ho would Btill bo her afliancod husband. One can sometimes thank heaven vory honestly for tho falsity of ono's friends or lovers ! Yes ; ho is woll out of that ! And after all ho nevor really loved - her. Caught by her beauty, which is boyo'nd cavil ; tho lust of tho oyo ! No moro. His heart lies unscathed. Unscathed ! Evon as ho so thinks, the vision of a little, slender, determined maiden comes between him and the firo. A slim ghost upon his heartlistono. Oh, that Botty should havo believed him Capable of that ! Well— well — well! Ho stira impatiently. After all, thero aro compensations! That engagement — it had begun to gall— is Bafoly brokon, and by her own hands. Ho has dono with Claudia for good and aU. Sho— His thoughts como to an abrupt ond. \Vho has como in ? . For a moment his heart sooms to stop -beating. To come after that horrible denunciation of him upstairs in poor Dick's room. Ho turns abruptly arid rises Blowly to his foot, to meet— a toll, beautiful figure, with a face as beautiful as tho figure and as corroct and cold in outline, that is now coming to him across tho library carpet. All at onco his heart stops that stupid throbbing and grows extremely normal. Miss Joffares lias stopped very close to him, and just wlicro the light of the lamps will fall most judiciously upon hor, Sho is looking her loveliest, tho soft draperies of tho best tea gown in her wonderful wardrobe enhancing tho charms of hor exquisite complexion. Her eyes aro shining liko twin stars, nnd sho has thrown an air of doopost contrition into thorn and round her red and parted lips. Sho oven manages to convoy tho impression that slio would gladly kncol to him in her grief and solf- hatred. Meredyth regards hor with such open surprise— surpriso that is little tinged with tho old admiration — that, in spito of hor hardihood and her supremo belief in- her own charms, hor heart sinks a littlo. - ' "Won't you. speak, to mo, Gcorgo?" Hr voico is lovy and sorrowful, . Tears havo sprung to hor eyes— tears of rogo and despair at tho thought of losing Dornham and all its glorios. They mako hor evon moro lovely. Even in Gcorgo's oyes she had novor looked so physically porfcet as at this moment when ho is despisingjier with all his heart and soul. Ho is comparing hor in his mind with what sho is now to him to what sho was only a month ago. Even a fortnight ago lie had believed him self in lovo with hor (four months ago ho had bolioved himself madly in love with .her), and now— — Yot sho is now as beautiful ns then, just as attractive to tho eye, tho ear.- But— at this moment ho knows it— tho old fascination that had caught and held him onco is now dead and buried, gono past all recalling. Traitor ! ho sayB to himself, gazing at hor.fairness, and then all at onco shrinks within himself. There aro mora traitors than Claudia. Betty : horsolf had "Oh, yos, I know," tlio low voico is Baying, "you think mo in tlio wrong. And so I aim- But not so wrong- ns you iboliovo mo, George." Sho movos olosor to him, laying ono delicato snowy hand upon his arm. Sho might perhaps havo raised it to his shoulder but for a Blight stiffening of his whole figuro on his part. Tlioro -s Bomothing vory liko aversion in it, as she docs not fnil to see, with , an inward wrath, that makes no sign in tho beautiful repentant oyes uplifted to liis. ; - ! "You are hurt" with me, dearost ! You aro disappointed in me. . And — to my anguish, George— I sco you had evory cause, but," with an attempt at emotion, moBt cxcollcntly done) most admirably jilayed, and that yet fails of its effect, -"you should remombor I am only a womnn, dearost, a very norvous woman, and the thought,, tho baro, first thought, that you had killed someone, stunned my love'.for you, Btunncd only, not killed it, George." "It is very good of you," says Meredyth calmly, "to come lioro and tell mo this. Of course I sliall be always glad to remember that you exonerated mo from all suspicion of my cousin's death— wlion tlio cvidon'co was quite clear." .' His own calmness hardly so much surprised him "as .his extraordinary indifference to the pleadings 'of this girl whom only yesterday ho had thought ho had wished to marry, ' . " Ah I what a tone I" cries she vohemeiitly, yet musically.' " Oh, George, don't look at mo like that. Only yesterday you loved me) and how, now am I so different? I am the same, dearest, as I was then." Meredyth witli a bittor smile acknowledges tho truth of this. " You doubt it ?" — she lias quito misunderstood tho smile— ".hut I am. If I distrusted you for a -few brief moments — if your cousin's death (hinted to me as of your, doing)- alienated my, thoughts, my affection for you, for the time, still ' — hero sho does raise both hor liands to liis Bhoulders, drawing herself vory close to him— touching him oven with her svelte warm body, and bringing her beautiful faco so close to his, that ho could have kissed her by a bare move ment ' " You ean forgive me, George, can you not ? You can forgive— mo I" "No," says Meredyth. Ho takes down her hands deliberately. His faco is vory white and very unloving. ' Ah !" Sho draws back. Her hands so quietly rejected are how hanging straight by her side, clutching nnd unclutcliing hor pretty gown. "Not yet porliaps," sho says, still clinging madly to a last reliance, though hope has died opt of her face.; ". IVo have been vory dear to each other, George, for four months. You can't forget— I"— passionately—" defy you to forgot that— and in timo you will forgive." " I don't think so." Meredyth's voice is not only cold, but indifferent ; thero is in it oven (though ho had striven hard to suppress it) a touch of disgust. Thero is not a vestigo of tenderness or regret in it. He is conscious. only- of a sort of dull surprise that this former idol should so' quickly, so hopelessly, have dis solved inEo dross — tho basest : most .contompt- iblo dross. All at onco hor faco changes. . A flame lightons her eyeB, anda flood of angry crimson dyes hor cheeks. . ' " So it is at an end between us," says sho in ' ,flu\ve>g tone, reploto with hatred. "Yon think me false. But what are you ? You would havo mo bcTicve that my stupid mistake of this morning, when I heard your cousin was likely to live, is your excuse now for breaking your engagement with mo. But it is not. You lip when you say that to yourself or to me. You have' been false to mo for'a long timo in your heart— and I know who had made vou so." _ "Don't you think this discussion has gone far enough ? ' says Meredyth a littlo liurriodly. "Ah!— that touchos you, docs it not? "A littlo vibrating laugh breaks from hor. "You know whom I meanthon, tho innocent, truthful honorable Betty. Well, shall I toll you what tho truthful Botty did, only this morning? Sho came to ine, as I sat wondering whether Loid Dornham would live or dio"— sho says this defiantly,— she has thrown off all disguise. Slio wishes him to know it was of Dornham she was thinking. " I asked hor if ho would dio. Oh? no, ho would' livo ; he was not . in any serious danger. Was she quite sure ? I asked again. Sho was positive. 'Doctors novor made mis takes,' sho Baid,- Yot sho know. Sho know ho was dying. Sho wantod to Bocuro you, and the Dornham title. I wanted to securo Dornham. You seo I am quite frank. Clover as you think mo, sho was more clcvor. False as you think mo, Bho 'was falser still. And she lias triumphed. Sho puiposcly misled mo. Sho knew Xmcnnt to take this opportunity of throw ing you over— tho moment," with almost brutal opennosB, '.'wlion tho cloud of suspicion about your having caused your cousin's death was- hanging over your bond, to sot myself froo to marry Dornham, who lias always boon moro to mo than you ever wore. So much, " contemptu ously, "for the immaeulato Betty! Why, when — " "Enough," Morcdyth breaks in Btornly on hor virulent speech. " I know my cousin suf ficiently well to bcliovo hor incapable . of the meanness you ascribo to hor." ' "You mean?" hor faco is ghastly, hor oyes blazing. "What," vory quickly, "I say." "You acouso mo of lying," soul sho in a suf focating tono. " I moroly," with a slight bow, " bolievo my eousin'incnpablo of such n hideoiiB docoptioh." Thoro is a pauso. The dead sUcnco continues so long that at longth Morcdyth makes a movo- mont. Ho lift his eyes, to find Claudia look ing at liim. Ho had quite oxpoctcd, or dreaded, a scono of somo sort, but slio has ovidontly quito rocoverod hor composure, and hor glanco as ho moots it is only insolent. "Woll, you know tho truth now," says slio, her voice as soft and. volvoty as usual. "I never cared for you, only for what you had. That sounds coarse, doesn't it ?— not in kooping with my face, that so often you have callod tlio flower of beauty ; but somohow it docs mo good to say it to you. If you had boon Lord Dorn ham, and had killed a dozon cousins, I should still havo married you, bocauso I liko money and power. But it was Dick I preferred. I really almost liked him. And ho— oh, ho was a de voted friond, too, wasn't he, liko the truthful Botty ?" with her poisonous littlo laugh. "But lio, too, was falso. Ho lovod mo ; me your fiancic. All tho world is false, Georao. If you don't bcliovo that now, you will find it out later on; I found it out vory early. ' Dornham loved me, -knowing mo to bo engaged to you. He would have married mo, if lio lrad lived. Ho adored mo." Sho turns suddenly to him, hor intenso vanity Bhining in hor eyes. "Ho loft mo a mossago?" alio questioned, moro curiously than eagerly; " His lost words wore of mb?" "Well, no," dryly. \- - oo " Of what then ?" sharply. "His man, Marks." . .Slio frowns. ...... ' I, A <">A t ke"ov® , Then throwing' up hor head,,, As ,lf 3 U would so far- gratify me. You aro. tho last person whom _ I should have nskeu. - . . . \- J/ojodyth shrugs liis shoulders; There ore plenty of witnesses. You can oxnmmo them all ot your leisure." "Thero is no ; loisuso," haughtily. "I leave tills by tho first train in tho morning." Her belief in, hor own porsonalitw is so immense that oven now sho glances at him to sco how ho Will. take fcliia sudden departure. I sliall- sco tliat tho carriage is in time," Bays lie, courteously, trying with very ill success to conceal the relief ho.fee&. . . A withering glance, a soft rustling of angry garments, and lie is onco moro alone. He hiie. however, hardly sunk down into his chair again, filled with a great souso of difliculty.overcome, when aBtep behind him startles liim out of his now found peace. She lias not come back,; surely 1 ' . Ho turns. \- ; CHAPTER VI. 1 'S?0 ®nnnot hldo hergentlonosB. . - 2l10 !'«PP>: "die. the look that blest, ' .. Tho fncethat's like a flower to see. pSrVkl""no1', It is Botty this time. Claudia lrad como repentant. Betty lind como frightfully unropentunt, to judgo by her face. "VB.12U T contntion or regret, or desire for parclon, lies in her small and piquant face. , 50,1' -8aya Meredyth. His voico is stern, but in his noul ho acquits her of all evil, ibis is an unreasonable thing to do. and he knows it, having no evidence whatever to prove her innocent of a belief in his dorfgu to murder i;i!irtC?"8ln' oxcopfc the earnest littlo face now steadily advancing towards liim. , , s llP 118 hands as if to check her advance, but she takes no notice of his " ridiculous gesture, as she called it afterwards. fftya she, coming steadily onward. g0 ii thmk| co,lf»«cri>ig ail things, you ought to "Well, I'm not going," says Betty. "Of course I know what you mean. But you didn't bcliovo that ? " . " I believe what I heard." But evon as ho Bpeaks lie knows now ho never bcliovod it. And with your suspicions of mo ? " . . Ob, nonsense," says. Betty. "My sua- i steps up to him moro with tho air of a conqueror than a traitor. "As if you didn't know. As if ybu couldn't seo what „ i meant.1 "Still, you denounced me, in a sensed" For goodness sake, George, don't bo stupid. > I mauo a fuss, of course, I acknowledge that hut only for your sake. I- think, I know," paling a little, 1 was horrid to poor old Dick, wanting to mako him speak when— but—that stmngo doctor had to bo compelled to do some thing, and— and after all," with a sigh, "I might just as well not havo interfered." . ( Still, you said it." " remains, certainly—" She stops. And |) hear tho sound of her impatient little foot upon tho carpet? "Oh, if vou aro going to take it that way," says she, half tura- In spite of the sudden petulanco that mokes her so sweet, thoro is a strength about her whole air that tells liim, if alto goes now, it will bo for ever. Sho will not forgivo his distrust. His distrufifc, Tho aituation taKoi a comic turn | —while only a moment ago lie lrad been dcclaim- j ing against her distrust of him, anil of conrso ho hud been in tho wrong. It is impossible to look | at her and rend duplicity In tho sweetness nnd graoiousncss of liar dignified littlo !aco.< "I am not going to tako it that way, Botty," | says ho, quickly. Sho is moving towards, tho i door. "I bolievo every word yon have said, and j that is tho fliyt touch of real happiness I havo I known for a long timo. Don't go. I am not so I rich in friends that I can seo my best leave ms I1 liko this." "Oil, now," says tho girl, with a little up- tilting of hor -charming chin, anil a glance of scorn— not for him, hut for liis words— "You I will have plenty of friends, you will ho nblo to | count thorn by, tlio thousands. Even Claudia—" slio stops abruptly. "I met her as slio cama out of tlio room just now. Have you," there is just a suspicion of coutompt in her tone, "mado it up with her?" " No," shortly. . ' "Well, I am glad of that," says Belly, bluntly. "Slie'd mako you miserable." Ho nods his head. Tlioro is n littlo silence. Then tentatively, "You wouldn't," Bays Mere- " dytli, ; Ho is harilly prepared for tho littlo passion ate action with which Bho receives this. It hi scarooly indeed an action, more a swift move- ment of hor whole slender body, but it is vehement, roproasivo and full of a stranga nngor. " I will not let you, speak to mo liko (hat," says she, her voico trembling with rage, thinks George. "You fanoy that because I havo always boon your good friend that I care for you —in that way " Thoro is something so haughty,, so frigid in hor almost childish anger that lie loses cour- ago. " I thought only that you were my friend," stammers lie, drawing back a littlo. " Well, so I am, but you must lot mo respect you." ' - "Why, what have 1 dono?" asks lie, re- > covering himself - again, as ho tolls himself slio is proudly unkind and nufair to liim. "I havo only told you that you would make me — — " " Oh, enough, enough," orios.tlio girl with an angry stamp of hor small foot. "How do you daro to talk to mo liko that ? Why it waB only this— this— " . hesitating 03 if suddenly struck by Homo oriisliing thought— "morning that — oh !"— breaking off with a bitter Bob—" nan it bo only this morning? It seoin3 a -hundred years ago sinco poor Dick — — " Sho covers lier eyes with her liands. " It doos/'saysMcrodyth in a low tone. .Both stnnd'silent awhile, grief stricken; then, "What happoned this morning ?" askB ho. " Oh, it is nothing," pressing lier handker- ohiof to her wot eyes. " I don't know why I seemed to care — so much a moment ago, but it was only this morning that sho told mo you " She stops. " Sho?" Betty is silont, feeling a littlo ashamed of horsclf for having givon way in a second of emotion oven to so detestable a person as Claudia; for of couruo ho knows, without saying. "Oh, it; is Claudia," says lib impatiently. " Well, what did she tell you?" i "That yon woro in lovo witlrt omobody." . , "Horsolf for elioico," contemptuously. : "No, -no; slio seemed nngry with you— with somo othor girl altogether. Of course, I know nothing about it, hut slio evidently did, and," with a reproachful glunco at him, "so do you." - Silence again, a very lengthened ono this timq during which ho walked up and down tho library at least half a dozen timoB, and then— ""Well," stopping Bliort at last right in front ol hor, " I confeas to it." " I am glad that you havo thought it nccos- flary to tell tho truth at lost. Woll, go and marry tlrat girl you aro iu lovo with, and don't talk nonsenso to mo." . There is a vory splendid rago in hor dark "eyes. .. "Why— nnd I would, "says he, "if sho would . only lot me." vLotyou?" , "Yes. i , "Sho has refused you? "Virtually." Botty's wonderfully expressive oyoe grow grimly mirthful. "And serves you very well right, too,' says she. "If you proposed to her while still engaged to Claudia, you have only got your deserts." . , "I don't know that I quite proposed to hor, and I was not engaged to Glaudra at the time. " "Oh, quite an old affair?" Betty grew in terested. . "It isn't ; it will never be old— to mo. And thoro was ono thing about her, Betty, tlrat I find it lrard to reconcile with her charm and hor ' sweotnoss. Onco when I was in great trouble sho showed mo tho utmost kindness. She sus-' taincd ino by her courage and — and what I . thought was her love, Yet when she mado mo regard hor as my friend, my comrade— as one before whom 1 might lay my heart with a cor- tainty that sho would accept it, sho — — " "Yes, ycB?" Betty is leaning forward, tears In hor luminous oyos. -" She deserted me. Would none of me." "Oh I a wretch," sayB Betty., . , " No, sho is not that." "Porlrap3, then, oven though you knew her before, Bhe had heard of Claudia." "Certainly sho had. But 'sho muBt havo known, too, I think, that I uover really loved Claudia." r "I should havo nothing more to do with hor if I woro you," says Betty, with an ominous Bhako of lior Bmall and stately head. . - "You give that advice ?" " Certainly, " vory sternly. " Of course, if I knew who sho was I could adviso you further ; but — ' Hero poor Betty's wonderful courage all at onoa breaks down. ' To givo him advice as \- to his marriage to another. " Shall I tell you hor narim ?" " Oh, no, no 1" Sho turns a very white face to his. "I don't want to hear it. . I don't want to know anything about her. ' Go away and marry hor- — . . Mercdytli catches her in his arms, and draws her slender figure to him. . . "Ican't. I go away 1 Lot mo tell you hor name, darling." "Betty's eyes, with a radiant smila breaking through, thoir tears, hold a question— "It iB?" whispers she. . " "Betty." . . The Em 