Jottings by the Way. From time to time a paragraph makes its appearance in European and American papers to the effect that the Victorian Government has offered a fabu- lous reward for the discovery of some means of ridding the colony of the rabbit pest. The announcement (says the " Age") usually brings along some more or less extraordinary suggestion, with a request that the reward be sent on by return mail. Qne man had an Idea for placing explosives In the burrows, which the rabbits would run against, and* thus sustain instant .de struction. Another allaged that an Infallible cure was to plant miles of parsley in rabbit-Infested districts, as by eating parsley doe rabbits would have their milk dried up, and be unablo to rear their offspring. These are mere ly samples of innumerable specifics that have been sent In from all over the world. The greatest genius In this line, however, has been discovered at home. A correspondent, who sighs himself "O. C. G.," writes to us sug gesting to the Lands Department an Infallible means for "catching" rabbits without the use of poisonous drugs. His Idea Is to sprinkle apples with snuff, and place them in the parts which rab bits frequent. When the rabbits smell the snuff the sudden effort to sneeze "never falls to break their necks," and in some cases has been known to make them tumble base over apex for a considerable distance. Sir Arthur Palmer, the Lieutenant- Governor, Is noted for his adherence to official etiquette (says the " Toowoomba Chronicle"), and although physically feeble and Infirm, he still has the courage of his opinions. A few days ago a junior clerk of the Treasury was sent to Bouthport to the Lieutenant- Governor with a despatch-box contain ing a number of debentures, which Sir Arthur Palmer was requested to sign. Sir Arthur not only refused to sign the debentures, but wrote a strong letter to the Treasury Informing the department that official etiquette demanded that the Lieutenant-Governor be treated with the respect due to his position, and that in place of a junior clerk being sent alone to him there should have been sent on suoh Important business a senior officer of the department and a police officer. The next day the' despatch-box with the debentures was sent to Southport in charge of a senior officer of the Treasury Department, who was accompanied by a sergeant of the police. Sir Arthur Palmer received the officer, and signed the necessary documents. As though to show that Western Aus tralia can go one lower than the worst of the Transvaal, the following para graph from a Melbourne paper is apropos:—Although to some people dis tant fields always appear greenest, a different story Is heard from the unfor tunate Victorian miners who have re turned from Coolgardie, broken in health and quite ruined in fortune, after having wasted twelve months or more searching in vain for one of the Golcondas which are supposed to be comfortably stowed away beneath every salt bush in Western Australia. Doubtless the company mong er is baying a good time of it over thefe, and also the "mining expert" — that direct descent of Baron Munobausen, who can by the mere scratch of -a pen convert a belt of barren sandstone into a 50oz. per ton "lode formation." These returned unfortunates give a doleful enough account of their last Christmas.' dinner at Coolgurdle—tinned, meat and a crust of bread. But though the Christ mas enter wan go poor. In the camp, the sturdy diggers bad enough spirit left to.' draw up a menu and partake of a sort of phantom banquet, thus:—'.'Poultry?-- Btuffed kerosene tins. Joints — Roast haunch of carnal and vagsline; boiled bullocks' horns and sock stuffing; baked niggers iiora de combat. Sweets—Blow fly puddings, compote of quondongs and bar wash. Dessert — Quartz, dlorlte; general formation and mangel wurzel." The snake yarn Is giving place to the shark yarn. For toughness the follow ing letter to the " Maryborough Chron icle" would be hard to beat. A lady thus writes :—" I notice in your issue of Saturday last an account of the capture of a shark at Plalba, in the stomach of which a bottle of beer was found intact. Now, this may seem incredible to some people, and I, for one, would have had more difficulty In swallowing the yarn than the finder of the aforesaid bottle had in swallowing the contents but for two things. One is the fact of the in cident, especially as regards matters piscatorial, being related by the 'Laird' promptly removes it beyond the region of doubt ; secondly, I personally know of a similar occurrence, and will describe it Two years ago a party, of which I was one, planned a bottle of whisky in the sand at North Head, Tewanttn, and, the tide covering it up, It could ndt be found. In the afternoon one of the party caught a shark on quite a thin line, the brute offering very little resistance. He was cut open, and inside him was found the missing bottle, but with this differ ence. The ingenious fish had got the neck of the bottle firmly fixed between his back teeth, and evidently by exerting powerful internal suction had snapped It oft like a carrot, and enjoyed the con tents, for when hauled up he was so drunk as to be entirely speechless." Yet some of the season's snake yarns are worth quoting. The Hartley Vale correspondent of the Lithgow " Mer cury" says that a noted bird fancier In the district set a clutch of eggs for which he had paid a fabulous price ; and on going one morning, a week or so ago, to see how the hen was getting on he found a black snake In possession. Knowing that a fight would break the precious eggs he waited till the reptile had decamped, and then put the hen back. Our contemporary continues :— " Mr. Darielson towards evening found the snake again on the eggs, and the viper on his appearance raised its head in a manner that seemed to imply that it was in possession, and had come to stay. One would think that the pro prietor, knowing as he did that the fowl had forsaken her nest, would have no hesitation in despatching the Intruder, even at the risk of breaking the hatch ing, but for' reasons best known to Mr. Danielson he left his impudent snakeship in possession." Then comes the pith of the yarn :-• " Whether his action was wise or not. It led to developments which far eclipsed any of the sensations that were hatched out of the now historic Dean case. On the twenty-first day of the sitting the chlckß, as the school books hath it, 'came one by one from their shells,' and were not at all alarmed at their strange fos ter-mother. On the contrary, in the course of a few days, ' everywhere that snakey went the chicks were sure to go.' The snake reciprocated this confidence by looking after its brood most assidu ously, watching to see that no harm came to the little ones. Beveral visitors from the Mount and other mountain resorts have already seen this remarkable mother and clutch, and, needless to say, marvel a deal at the sight, which set-ms to anticipate the millennium, when in reality, and not allegorlcally, ' the lion shall lie down with the lamb.' " With Sir Henry Parke« upon the shelf and nearly pensioned, it Is Interesting**) learn that the^hop he occupied tn Syd ney in his wood-turning days is to oome down. "Table Talk" says: — "The two little houses in Hunter- street, Sydney, sandwiched between two big boom struc tures, are now being demolished. When they are gone the only houses between Pitt and Oeorge streets, in Hunter-street, over half a century old, will be a block of three opposite those now being pulled down, in the centre of which Sir Henry Parkes, nearly fifty years aero, kept a fancy goods depot, and in which a cer tain historic meeting between Mr. David Blair, Mr. Henry Parkes, and Dr. Lang took place. An old Identity remembers, on a morning In the young fifties, seeing Sir Henry Parkos in a white apron and a paper cap, at corner of Hunter-street and George-atreet, discussing the ques tion of transportation with Mr. Q. A. Lloyd and others, when some one came to Sir Henry Parkes's shop door and called him to serve a boy -with a three penny top." A correspondent writes the following letter to " Land and Water," whlfch ia very good :—"I can tell you something astonishing, but true, about the vitality of the python. We were taking our first smoke after dinner —three of us— when P »ald, ' By-the-bye, old man, you remember that 18ft. python that I got a few weeks ago ? Well, yes terday I rot another one, lift. After killing it I stretched It In the kitchen veranda and measured it. Five minutes later I was comfortably seated in a long chair, when I heard the devil's own noise, and the boy rushed in crying, " Ttran, tuan, tiler' matl fari." "Sir, Sir,, the dead, snake is run ning away!" I ran to the kitchen, and, sure'enough,'the beast had climbed v the table, and got one coil round a post the middle of the kitchen. Iselied the tail, the boy and cook helping me. But, pull as we might, we could not loosen his hold,- while in my hands I could feel the enormous power of hiß muscles working. Eventually we un bound him, and killed him again !* * Well,' I asked, ' what was the end of H ? Did he ' run away again V '* No,' was the reply, ' you ate part of him at dinner. That was the dish you enjoyed so much.' ' Thanks; a little neat whisky, please.' I had noticed during dinner that, the comely Javanese damsel who was waiting was giggling in a somewhat unseemly man ner when she handed me the ' fish.' It was snake ! It was served cold, with a sauce piquant and capers, and tasted like a lobster salad—only better. I enjoyed It very much, but most as suredly . I should not have eaten- it had I known what it was." The writer finishes his letter as fol lows :—" The ' game' at that dinner was hornbill (Buceros bicornis), and it was very good; and we finished up with venison—all having been killed within a •mile of the bungalow I had my-first taste of porcupine recently. The flesh was nioe and tender, but my cook did hot do it justice. My snaky friend also the other day sampled a young musang —striped Jungle cat-rand declared it excellent, A few years ago a friend of mine in Java received an unexpected visit when his larder was empty, so he quietly told the boy to kill a monkey. Tiffin was duly enjoyed;' but when the guests were told what they bad eaten they were very ill! This, however, did not deter them from call- Ing on him on their return Journey. On the second occasion the host called out before them, ' Boy, kill a monkey.' There could be no suspicion about the soup, for, as every old Oriental knows, It is made from the everlasting dead hen ; so it was taken with relish. But when the steak came they smiled, and, giving it to the dog, finished up with bread and cheese. During the postprandial smoke the host drawled out, 'You know, you fellows at dinner were rather foolish, for the soup you .took was monkey soup. But the steak you gave to the dog was good old beef.'" Braxll Is spoiling for a row. . Rather than be left out In the cold white Vene zuela, Chili, and the Argentine are en joying themselves she will give Great Britain something to think about ; and the la-test news is that diplomatic rela tions are to cease unless the mother country "restores" Trinidad. Our readers may remember that this barren rock was annexed last year. It lay un inhabited and forlorn In the Atlantic, covered with debris and haunted by crabs ; until Great Britain decided that something could be done with It for cable station purposes. She put two men ashore as caretakers after hauling up the Union Jack, and then all at once the Brazilians discovered they had a griev ance. This rock, which lies a few hun dred miles away from South America, is utterly valueless to them, but It will afford the British the means to wrestle with the cable monopolists. The " restoration" of Trinidad is there fore Brasil's object in life. It must be re membered in this connection that Brasll is Che neighbour of Venesuela and Brit ish Guiana, and lies immediately at their back, so that the latest development may be but the natural outcome of fric tion between Great Britain and the United States. If the British should obtain control of the mouths of the Orinoco, no doubt the Republics through which that great river runs fear compli cations ; and Trinidad makes a capital pretext for adding trouble to trouble. Not that Brazil has the ghost of a claim —according to the annexing Power. Until Great Britain gave value to the impossible rock In mid ocean it was not discovered that anybody else had the faintest desire to own it. Brasil's little Imitation of the Monroe dootrine is now *m blown. While the steamer Persia was on her voyage from Hamburg to New York recently two elephants, named Albert and Pilot, which formed part of her cargo, broke loose from their chain*. As soon as they gained their liberty a terrific fight between them ensued. They trumpeted loudly, and having lashed each other with their trunks used their tasks In savage attempts to gore each other. Everything in the part of the ship where the elephants were struggling was smashed to atoms. At one time they fell against the aide of the vessel with such force that the blow shook the entire ship. Each threw the other repeatedly. Albert at last reared on his hind legs and fell across Pilot, crushing him to the floor While pinned down Pilot succeeded In piercing Albert with his tusks. The Infuriated, brutes by this time were covered with wounds, while the deck was slippery with blood. The fierceness of the combat and the loss of blood they had sustained were evidently be ginning to tell on them. It was only at the greatest danger to themselves that the keepers dared venture near the elephants, but at last by a liberal appli cation of pitchforks and hot irons they separated and subdued the combatants, and then attended to their Injuries. The fight lasted two hours. E. Y. Lowry, Socialist, manages to advertise himself to some purpose when the opportunity offers. The Townsville "Evening Star" has a paragraph in a recent issue giving him a very full advertisement. During; a discussion In the Municipal Council as to what desig nation should be given to the acting Waterworks Engineer, Alderman Lowry asked, " What's m a name ?" and con cluded his remarks toy stating -that he had been thinking of henceforth calling himself " Lord Duke of TownsvlHe." The Socialistic alderman is too modest (says the "Star").. He deserves a much better title. How would this do. for instance ?—" Edward Yule Lawry. Night Commander of the Lorry, Barren Talker in the Ross Island Peerage, Lord High Mountebank for Townsville." What is Cooktown coming to? She has three vacancies on* her Municipal Council and yet cannot find citizens willing to sit, without any expense for election. Even Townsville when in Similar difficulties can find an E. Y. Lowry to fill the breach ! Here is a capital chance then for some of the sad hearted unemployed ; and for business men out at elbows who could run alder manic honour as a forcing pump the op portunity is unrivalled. Of course, Cooktown is a hot shop, but then so are a score of Queensland towns we could mention. Next thing we shall see an advertisement in the papers. Wanted three aldermen for. Cooktown—the only qualification required is honesty, can dour, and a vote ; Mayorahip in rever sion. Municipal honours full compen sation for a trying climate. Mark Twain delivers ten lectures in London at £200 a time. Pan* out a shade over 2%d. a word (says' "Mel bourne Punch"). Our humorous con temporary informs its. readers that " Mrs. Clemens always alludes to M. T. as the Much Troubled, because of his aches and carbuncles. In Sydney they are telling rather a good story concern- Ing the humorist. Mark dearly loves fishing, and one afternoon a well-known editor trotted him down to Narrabean. to have some sport. Well, as luck would have it. the messenger had brought the wrong class of bait, but the resourceful editor was determined his ' lion' should have some read Huckle berry Finn fun. The situation was ex-v plained to the factotum at the seaside pub., and he guaranteed the editor that the 'Merkan gent would have a good time. He had a two-pound whiting, and piloting the pair to a spot that afforded good cover for manipulating a line, started out to do the hairy one up." "Punch" avers that "Mark ran out his tackle Into the. tocoon* in leas than no time had a rood bite,'and deftly landed his haul. 'Splendid !' was the editor's comment as he affected to bag1 the fifth, thout*h he managed to return It to his confederate sitting 'neath a shady tree near the water's edge. for a dozen times the trick was repea-ted, until the factotum thought he had had enough, and hooked the whiting by the tall. Mark then dropped. "This Is a great country for fish,' he remarked, and his hearty laughter showed that he thor oughly enjoyed the joke. 'Darn my eyes,' be subsequently drawled, 'I guess the fish missed some fun that afternoon.' Anyway, Mark didn't, and this Incident is likely to prove an interesting bit In his Australan book." And the whole affair would read very well If it was not as old as "Handy Andy," which (Mark Twain has probably read. An amusing yarn, says the "Finan cial Times," is going round the London Stock Exchange in connection with the past settlement, and if it is not true It ought to be. A country parson* it is re ported, wrote to Mr. Barnato tn terms something like the following :—" Re spected Sir,—As the Vicar of , my aim has always been investment and not speculation. When your bank came out I regarded the shares as an invest ment, and I purchased 460 at £4, sink ing my little all in them—and a good deal more. They have now fallen to £2 and lam undone. My parish I cannot face as a bankrupt, and what am I to do ? I throw myself on your mercy." Mr. Barnato, so the story goes, was deeply moved by this touching* appeal, and wrote back that in the painful circum stances of the case he would buy back from the clergyman the 400 shares at £4 —the price he had paid for them. Im mediately on receipt of this generous re ply, the guileless country parson at once wired to his brokers :—" Buy 400 Bar nato Banks at 2, and send round to Barnato Brothers, who will give you 4 for them." Here endeth the first lesson. The heat wave appears to have struck the " Gympie Times" office last Friday night with overwhelming force. The editor in bis leading article declares that "a heat whereunder much flesh cannot live Is now being poured over a vast tract of this continent. Men fall under the blase like flies in the froat. .... And this is the moral of It all * let us adapt ourselves to our new home ?t k. c of£ atftVV» uL. hankepln«». *»« form habits rhythmic with present surround ings." Dean Hole, in his latest book, prints a copy of a short poem which during his American tour be heard recited at a luncheon, and which run* — Little Willie from bis mirror Sucked the mercury all off, Thinking. In his childish error. It would cure his whooping cough. At the funeral, Willies mother Smartly said to Mrs. Brown, " 'Twas a chilly day for Billy When the mercury went down." The reciter thought it necessary to explain to "the distinguished Britisher" that such unseemly behaviour by an American mother at the grave was quite unique. The bean very naturally re garded the explanation as "superfluous." 