THE HOLY SEE AND ANGLICAN ORDERS- (Continued.) O.-THE QUESTION ALREADY DEFINITELY SETTLED. Hence it must be clear to everyone that the controversy lately revived had b:en already definitely settled by the Apostolic See, and that it is to tlie insufficient knowledge of these documents that We must perhaps attribute' tihe fact that any Catholic writes should have considered it still an open question. But, as We stated at the beginning, there is nothing We so deeply and ardently desire as to be of help to men of good will by showing them the greatest consideration; and charity. Wherefore, We ordered that tihe Anglican Ordinal, which is the essential point of tbe whole matter, should be once more most carefully examined. 7.—THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL. Iu the examination of any rite for the effecting and administering of Sacrament. distinction is rightly made between the part which is ceremonial and that which is essential, usually called ihe matter and form. AH kuow that the Sacraments of the New Law, as sensible and efficient signs of invisible grace, ought tooth to signify the grace which they effect, and, effect the grace which they signify. Although the signification ought to be found in the wthole essential iiite—that is to say, in the matter of form—it still pertains chiefly to the form, since the matter is the part not determined by itself, but which 1 is determined' by the form. And this appears stifll more clearly in the Sacrament of Orders, the matter of which, in so far as We have to consider it to this case, is the imposition of hands, which, Indeed, by itself signifies nothing definite, and is equally used for several Orders and for Confirmation. But the words which until recently were commonly held by Anglicans to constitute the proper form of priestly Ordination— namely, "Receive the Holy Ghost," certainly do not fin tlie least definitely express the Sacred Order of Priesthood, or its grace and power, wihich is chiefly tihe power " of consecrating and of offering the true Body and Blood of the Lord " (Council of Trent, Sess. XXIIL, de Sacr. Ord., Can. 1). in that sacrifice, which is no " nude commem oration of the sacrifice! offered on tihe Cross " (Ibid. Sees. XXII., de Sacrif. Missce, Can. 3). This forma had indeed afterwards added) to it the) words "for the office and work of a priest," etc.; but this rather shows that the Anglicans themselves perceived that the first form was defective and inadequate. But even if tihls addition could give to the form its due signification, it was introduced too late, as a century had already elapsed since the adoption of the Edwardlne Ordinal, for, as the hierarchy had become extinct, there remained mo power of ordaining. In vain, has help been, recently sought for the plea of the validity of Orders from tihe other prayers of the same Ordinal. For, to put aside other reasons which, show this to be insufficient for the purpose iu the Anglican rite, let this argument suffice for all: from them has been deliberately removed whatever sets forth the dignity and office of the priesthood in the Catholic rite. Thait form consequently cannot be considered apt or sufficient for the Sacrament which omits what it ought essentially to signify. The same holds good of episcopal consecration. For to the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost," not only were the words " for the office 1 and' work of a Bishop," etc., added a.t a lsutsac_4igriod, but even these, asi wo Jp^es^ntly state, must be under- $to&§ : ia it StE^e^different to that which $£ey .bear »^Jgje Catholic rite. Nor afiytiuing gaTOW by quoting the ^yer<$fttbe precy^, "Almighty God," it, fa/f&kq;" njamner, lias been smfeited of mie y-^ojras which denote 1 th£- '.^mteuai :;^ace/dotium. It is not here whether the Episcopate^TJSa, completion of the priesthood or an Order distinct from it, or whether when 'bestowed, as they say per saltum, on one who is not a priest, it has or has not its' effect. But the 'Episcopate, undoubtedly, by the institution of Christ, most truly belongs to> 'the Sacrament of Orders, and constitutes- th© sacerdotium to the highest degree, namely, that which, by the teaching of the Holy Farthers and our liturgical customs, is called the " summum sacerdotiuim, sacra aninisterii summa." So it comes to pass that, as the Sacrament otf Orders and tihe true sacerdotium of Christ were utterly eliminated from the Anglican, rite, and hence the sacerdotiumj is in no wise conferred truly and validly in the Episcopal consecration of the same rite, for the like reason, (therefore, the Episcopate! can, in no wise be .truly and validly conferred by St; and 1 this the more ®o, because among the first duties of the Episcopate is that of ordaining ministers for the Holy JDaiefharist and Sacrifice. 8.—THE MIND AND AIM OF THOSE WHO COMPOSED THE ANGLI- CAN ORDINAL. For the full and accurate understanding of the Anglican Ordinal, besides what we (have noted: as to some of its parts, there is nothing more pertinent than to consider carefully the circumstances under 1 which St was composed and publicly authorised. It would be tedious to enter into details, nor is it necessary to doi so, as the -history of that time Is sufficiently eloquent as to the animus of the authors of the' Ordinal against the Catholic Church, as to the abettors whom; they, associated with themselves from the : heterodox sect®, and as to the end they had in view. Being fully cognisant of the necessary connection between faith and worship, between the " law of 'believing and the law of praying," under aj pretext of returning (to 'the primitive form, they corrupted the liturgical order in many ways to suit the errors of the reformers, * For tbils reason 4m the whole Ordinal not, only is there no clear mention, otf thesacrifice, of consecration^ of the sacerdatiium, and of the power of consecrating and offering sacrifice, but, as we have just stated, every trace of these tilings, which had been in sudh prayers of the Oatoolic rite as they had not entirely rejected, was deliberately re- .moved anid struck out In this way the native character—or spirit as it 5s called—of the Ordinal dearly manifests itself. Hence 1 , if vitiated in its origin, it was wholly insufficient to confer Orders, it was impossible that in the course of time it could become sufficient since no change had taken place. In vaan .those who, from the time of Charles I., have attempted to hold some kind of sacrifice or of priesthood have made some additions to the Ordinal In vain also has been the contention of that small section of the Anglican body formed in recent times, that the said Ordinal can be understood and interpreted in a sound and orthodox sense. Such efforts, We affirm, 'have been and are made in vain, and for this reason, that any words to the Anglican Ordinal, as it now ds, which lend themselves to ambiguity, cannot be taken in the same sense as they possess in .the Catholic rite. iFor once ai new rite has been initiated, in which, as we have seen, the Sacrament of Orders is adulterated or denied, and from which all idea, of consecration and sacrifice has been reflected, the formula " Receive the Holy Ghost" no longer holds good ; because the Spirit is infused into the soul with the grace 1 of the Sacrament, and the words, "for the office and work of a priest or Bishop" and the like no longer hold good, but remain as words without the reality which Christ instituted. Several of the more shrewd Anglican interpreters of the Ordinal have perceived' the force of this argument, and they openly urge it against those who take the Ordinal in a new sense and vainly attach to the Orders conferred' thereby a value and efficacy which; they do not possess. By this same argument is refuted the contention of those who think that the prayer " Almighty God, giver of all good things," which' is found ait the beginning of the ritual action, might suffice as a legitimate form of Orders, even in the hypothesis that it might be held to be sufficient in a Catholic rite approved by the Church. (To be concluded.) 