I The New Boundary I Rider, 1 9 BY ' ISHMAEL.' 1 I The blood-red sun rests on the liorizon in the smoky West, in the fal lback country of sunny New South |VV7ales, lighting up the old ' Ber linda ' homestead, spreading its ?glare across the cloudless sky, snd 3 Blending a bricky hue to the sun j ?burnt features of the station hands 3 ?gathered in various attitudes outside e*16 kitchen, enjoying a smoke after tJtheir long and arduous day. Clouds fclof dust floab here and there, telling of ?sheep drawing off from the water holes in the creek to seek the scanty food supplied by the drought-stricken country till comes another day, when they will return to their camps beside the muddy water to drink, and to smother round the hedges till the boundary rider pulls them out, living or dead, as the case may be. Soon the sun sinks, the short twilight dis appears, and the glittering stars peep down from the cloudless heavens, Not a breath stirs the sultry air, not a sound breaks the stillness of the weird Australian night. The men smoke in silence. The spirit' of the scene enfolds them, and holds thotn subdued beneath its influence. The distant howl of a dingo, that has slunk in under cover of the night to slake its thirst, breaks mournfully upon the ear, the dreary sound being almost welcome, so painful in its intensity has the hush become bo the silent watchers. Soon another sound breaks the stillness — the sound of wheels. ' The Boss ! ' e ich cries to the other ; and all spring up with alacrity. One runs to open a gate hard by, while the remainder stride forward to meet the ruler over that- droughty realm. Two figures appear in the waggonette, and soon is introduced in their midst a new hand, in the person of Fred. Neville, the new boundary rider. An hour later the slush lamp in the men's hut sheds its dim ray on the men lounging in their bunks, smoking and pitching yarns .of back -country life for the edification of Fred. Neville, the ' new chum,' as they have dubbed him ; for the quick eyes of the men have pierced through the sun burnt skin of the new arrival and discovered a something hidden beneath not in keeping with a back-block hut. The latter has stretched himself upon his bunk and smokes and listens in silence. Suddenly their noise is hushed, a heavy blow strikes the door, and the loud voice of the overseer roars at them to 'turn out,' that the ' Myall Paddock ' is on fire. All is hurry and bustle. One rushes to the stable, jumps on a horse, and careers after the nags. The rest hurry after bridles, then stand at the wing of the yard to wheel the startled animals when they gallop in. Soon they are galloping to the tiro, the burly form of the overseer in the van, closely followed by the small figure of the ' new chum,' mounted on a fast gray that had been allotted him in the yard. The others follow, over deep fissures, fallen trees, crashing through scrub, careless, reckless, wild ; having no care for life or limb, they shout one to another, happy in the excuse afforded in the bush fire for this mad gallop. They watch the small fonn of the new boundary rider, taking notice of his perfect seat, and chuckle to themselves as they- see the vain efforts of the overseer to lose him in the scrub. In vain their leader shakes up his big chestnut, causing him to tairiy race through the difficult country. The small figure on the grey follows him like a ghost, with steady nerve, and cool pluck. Giving his horse his head he is carried safe through all the dangers of the ride, and jerks up at the gate of the paddock as cool as a cucumber. Wherever the fire burnt fiercest, with burning branches falling round h'nu, the pauselcss beat of the green bough that he flourished, drowned by the crack of falling trees, the ' new chum ' fought the fiery demon, as though something hidden within drove him on, causing him to welcome this call for unwonted energy. Spurred on by his example, the men succeeded in getting the fire well under before day broke, and, leaving two of their number on guard, returned to the station for breakfast. Hand in hand, in the twilight of a sultry Sabbath, two figures slowly approach the Berlinda homestead. They are Fred Neville and little Eppie, the boss's only daughter. Three months have passed since the fire, and the ' new chum ' has been moved by his kindly master to the gentler influence of his home. Pleased with his quiet submission and his alacrity, and struck with the unmis takable impress that education lends to the individual that possesses it, the boss handed the whilom boundary rider the keys of the store, and con stituted him bookkeeper when that post became vacant Daring, fearless, generous, he soon became a favorite with all, though none could ever break down the barrier of reserve that seemed to fence him off from all living creatures. He seemed to bear a hidden sorrow with him always, uncomplaining, and, save in the com pany of his little mate, his manner was shy and retiring, and his brow wore the shadow of gloom. Save when out on the run, little Eppie was his constant companion. At the gentle touch of the innocent child fled all his trouble. He would romp with her, ramble with her in pursuit of flowers, chase butterflies with her, and carry her in his arms tenderly as a mother when the little one was wearied. Often after the worries of the day, when he sat on the verandah of the store, would his little mate come to him like a good little fairy to chase away his grief. She would climb on his knee and nestle against him, looking at him in her old-fashioned way, and seeming intuitively to divioe his wish for solitude, would nestle against his breast with her little head in his in silence, until would come sleep to the innocent little child, when Fred would bear her to her mother, and come back again to his lonely seat. It was the one ray of light in his dreary life - this affection of the child. It was the feather weight that a merciful Providence had placed against his trouble, to keep even the balance of his sorrow stricken mind Tn the dusk of the Sabbath evening they loiter along. Fred, laden with childish toys with which they have been playing through the sultry afternoon under the shade of a tree The little one is gazing up at him with rapt attention, as he tells her tales that peihaps he remembers being told himself years ago. All the time the clouds gather overhead, their dark masses crowding one above another, as though in curiosity at the incongruity of the pair strolling on beneath ; and the bright glare in the west lights up the animated face of the child, touching here and there the golden tresses tossed by the rising wind that is bringing on the coming storm. The glare also lingers on the face of the man, softening the hard lines about the mouth, brighten ing the gloom of the marked brow, and seeming us though it would chase from the spirit within its cloud of trouble. Down comes the rain, loud peals of thunder, fierce flashes the lightning, and the wind howls with the fury of a thousand demons let loose, dealing destruction on the forest. There is joy in the hearts of the back blockers — the drought has broken up at last. All night rain fell in torrents — twelve inches in ten hours. Water rushes everywhere. Creeks cannot be distinguished in the waste of water that has fallen too quickly to be carried off by them, and now spreads over the flat country in shallow lakes, miles in extent. The men scatter over the run to look at the dams, the boss, with Fred, arriv ing at the wash pen dam an hour , before sunset to find the old dam showing signs of breaking. Five minutes later Fred is riding towards the station, his grey horse now on his head, now on his feet, as he forces him on. Two miles from the station he strikes a track, and taking advantage of the hard ground thus afforded, his horse stretches along at such a terrific rate, that for fear of carrying him off his legs Fred has to disregard a sharp turn and shoot him into the scrub, twenty yards further coming up against a log fence that the thick growth of the pines had concealed. The gallant steed tries to spring, but the boggy ground on the take-off baulks his rise, and man and horse roll lvci- In a heap. Fred ri=es un hurt, mounts, and covered with mud from head to foot arrives at the station The necessary help is sent out, and the dam saved, thanks to the .reckless ride of Fred Neville, the 'New Chum.' High moon. The sun beating down almost perpendicularly from a cloudless sky. The air is hot and still. Birds are silent. Animals huddle together in what shelter they can find from the scorching sun. A solitary horseman threads 'his way through the pines along a sheep-pad, the sweat on his horse dried by the intense heat before it has had time to run off. The rider sits erect un mindful of the beat. His restless eyes are in search of small lots of sheep that may be camping in the scrub. There is a general muster on after the rain, and Fred Neville is having a last ride round before turning up at the drafting yards where the other station men have long since arrived with the sheep collected from . this paddock. He soon joins his com rades, has his dinner, and, seeking out a bit of a shade throws himself down to wait for the cool evening to com mence drafting with the. rest. In due time he is filling yards, poking and hand-drafting, with a pause now and then to take a tally from the overseer, as a check-pen is counted out. Day break sees them again at their toil, and so the hardy back-blockers pur sue the round of their free, restless lives. The long summer is over ; the lambs frisk around their dams, and like a tender leaf withering at the cold blast of an autumn wind, little Eppie lies sick unto death. Tn the square at the back of the homestead, the overseer stands solemn and still, holding by the rein the grey horse that has been Fred's special charge since he came to Berlinda. The horse is ready saddled and champs the bit and paws the ground as though he knew that he was wanted on sprcial service. The grief -stricken father hands Fred a letter to deliver to the doctor sixty miles away, and bids him not kill his horse, that his lit' le mate's life depends on his judgment. Fred turns away with grief in his heart, scarce hearirg the words of the overseer who calls after him that he ought to do it in five hours. He ! swings into the saddle, and baulking the rush of the spirited horse, he canters through the gate feeling that the one link that binds him to this world is in danger of being snapped with the life of little Eppie -the little mate that has twined round his heart with her innocent ways that has helped him to bear the burden that he carries hidden in his breast known only to himself. The grey soon settles down to his work, giving in in the first few hundred yards to the master hand that controls him. the hand that he has learned to know so well. Ten miles and the boundary is passed. Up hill and down dale, with here a short cut across the bush, there a pop over a fence to save open ing an awkward gate. On the grey strides, tugging at his qit in his impatience to get away. Two hours and a half from the station Fred dismounts and leads his reeking steed over the little half way hill. Giving him a mouthful at the creek he mounts, arid touching the willing brute with the spur dashes forward on the last half of his journey, the sportiveness gone from his mount, though he still strides fresh as paint. Fifty miles in four hours and ten from the journey's end ! Fred again dismounts to loosen his paddle girths and lead his game horse a hundred yards ; then quickening his pace ever so little he rattles along again. T«o mile- from the town the gallant grey falters. Fred pulls him together and goads his now bleeding sides. Another mile — the grey is done ! No, the dauntless rider bears him up. With the letter between his teeth he races up the quiet street, worn out with his exertions. He sees the plate on the doctor's door, and knows that he will save his little mate. He is there — dead beneath his horse At the doctor's door lies a confused mass of man and horse— the horse alive, the man dead. He had been faithful to his trust ; he had not killed his horse. The doctor reached the station in time to save Eppie's life. He bore with him a packet found in the ' New Chum's ' pocket. The squatter opened it in the presence of his wife. It contained a small gold cross. On the envelope it was wrapped in were these words : '' From the dead to the living.' 