ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. O'MALLEY V. MOREHEAD. A smart Irish-Y&nkeo;, persuasive and gay, Not very long since came a waltzing this wa y, A good-un to spoutr—a cute canvasser he, Who talked inighty tall about Pemocracy. To Encounter Bay voters so glibly he pitched, That the fair ladies there he completely bewitched, Ami they whispered each other A nice man is he, Wo we'll get this sweet Yankee to represent we." An M.P. tbey made him, so in the House now •He sproadeaglos himself in great style, we allow, And he butters up Charley in hopes soon to he Number two Yankee member of his Ministry. But we often have seen (hat " there's many a slip," As the old adage says, " twixt the cup and the lip," Prom the lips of O'Malley dashed down is the cup, Krc the nectar of office he'd tasted a sup. hat's adjourn to the Park for a quiet pow-wow, ltut by holy St. Bridget don't give me away, And a billet you'll get with no work and big pay."' Ten dollars, you know, in the year '88, When you was drummiu' round Oregon State." For Morobead, sweet William, came trotting along, i And he spotted O'Malley some ladies among, W.C.T'.U, ladies indulging in tea. And says William quite blandly " I'll join yon," says lie. ' As Murray cod stranded upon a sand bank. He gasped and In stared did O'Malley the Yank; And says lie "Is it you now. or only your ghost " Tis.myself," says sweet William, " who's got yer on toast." "Hould yer whist," says O'Malley,"and don't make a row, • you'll get with no work and big pay " That's, all very fine," say's sweet William, "but see, How about those ten dollars you borrowed from inc They vabbered away till they patched up a truce, Then friendship they swore o'er a drop o' " snake juice Hut the truce soon was broke—wordy war then began, But at this William bested the Parliament man. "Living liar" and " sknnk" at each other they flung, With a sweet nasal twang in the true Yankee tongue, Till at length the M.P., who is noted for cheek, Declared William he'd haul before Boucaut the beak. " Four hundred and ninety bright pounds you shall pay For taking my honest char-oc-ter away; But William, he winked, and with thumb to his HOBO, Surveyed the O'Malley from forehead to toes. "Yer char-ae-ter away! not this child would take it, No dcadboat a starvin' would care for to shake it." Then O'Ma'ley he started at double-quick tramp To hunt up his lawyer, the smart Mr. Hump. Judge Boucaut, he patiently heard this queer case, But often a smile would illumine his face; For William's sly humour sufficed for to stamp Him moro than a match tor the cute Mr. Hamp. The Judge, he summed up in a masterly style, O'Malley lie guessed that at last he'd "struck ile;" But his spirits, they full like a twentv-ton log When the Judge said the damago was just forty bob. Sweet William he capered; O'Malley turned white; lAwver Smith wore a smile; Uamp's face was a sight. But. the public, they cried—" When smart Yanks disagree, 'Tis a-capita! thing for thiH bleeding countrce," John Richards. 