THE LENTEN SEASON. BISHOP CORBETT ON ANCE. INTEMPEE- The following is an extract from the L?nten pastoral letter read at St Mary's Cathedral, on Sunday, by the Bishop of Sale, who dwelt particularly on the evils of inte-nperance :—Dearly beloved brethren in Jesaa Christ. As the Srst was condemned for not having ab stained, from eating, notwithstanding tba express command of God, so the Creator lias prescribed fasting as a reparation for tVis first sin It is the best means o? avoiding the consequences of original sin, the best remedy to restore peace of mind, lo control the passions, and to bring our flesh under subjection. 4 Excess in eating and drinking,' says St. Ambrose, ' has killed many a man, frugality bas killed DO one ; immoderate nse of wine has injured many a constitution, temperance has never done any harm. Yen invite your friends to a feast, and yon lead them to death ; you ask them to a merry-msking, and you conduct there to a tomb ; you promise them the grei'ejt delicacies and yon condemn them to the aiosfc exquisite tortares ; you fill them with iviue, and lo ! it is their poison.' Intemperance may be at this time more prevalent than it has been in the past ; but we are sadly conscious that it-is one of the most destructive scourges by which modern society is cursed. It robs its victim of his character, his happiness, his reason— aye, and of his conscience. It robs his family of every domestic and social comfort. It robs his children of the very necessaries of life. Every motive that should influence the heart of an honest man, of an honorable citizen, of a faithful husband, of a loving father, of a sincere Chr s'ian^is contemptuously flung aside by the sLve of this degrading passion. He put his honour, his worldly interest®, his love of family, bis doty to God, in the scale with his insatiable appetite, and he prefers its gratification to every other consideration. Pictures of woeful wretchedness have been drawn by many a gifted pen, in order to illustrate the blighting effects of this beastly vice ; but every such picture, how vivid or ghastly soever te its colourings, must falf short of the dreadful realities of the drunkard's life. It is a well- known fact . that an industrious and diligent father of a family, who lives decently according to his condition, but practises doe economy, can save a great deal and support himself and these who depend ori.bim with very little expense. It is quite the contrary with inveterate drunkards and those who spend their time in idleness ; they squander all they have, until they are not able to meet the most necessary expenses, of their household, and have to be satisfied with very poor fare in the end. There is no proof required to show the truth of this ; * Be not in the feasts of great drinkers,' says tt e Holy Ghost in the Book of Proverbs, ' nor in their revellings, who contribute flesh to eat : Because they that give themse!ufs to drinking, and that club together shall be consumed ; and drowsiness shall be clothed with rags.* ^Proverbs XXIII, 20,21 ) À drunkard can never repair his losses : bees use, even if he got his drink for nothing, he makes himself incapable of attending to his business by which he has to support himself and his family. No matter how successful a storekeeper is in trade, if he once gfts fond of drink, then, good-bye to his prosperity ; he ^vili not keep his books properly, his customers will begin to desert him, he will neglect to push his busi - ness, and will lose his credit, in a word, he will soon min himself. Who would have any dealings with such a man 7 Ob. no, people would say, I am not going to leave myself in the hands of a drunkard like that ! What can a farmer or a labourer do to support himself and his family if he is addicted to drink? The land is untilled, the work is neglected) the last penny is spent for drink, and his house is falling to pieces for want of repairs. St John Chrysostom says, " The drunkard is unfit for any kind of business" ; he is good for nothing bnt drinking and spending money. What can this lead to but ruin ? No matter how great a treasure is, if something is taken out of it every day, and nothing added to it, it mnst be soon exhausted. 