I MACLEAN BURNS' CLUB. | I A SUCCESSFUL OPENING. I Tas Burns Club, which hiiB been formed i connection with the Lower Clarence Cal doniun Society, was publicly opened in tl Maclean School of Arts, under very auspicio! circumstances, on Wednesday evening, whe a most interesting lecture on " Robe Burns" waa delivered by the Rev. J. I Scott, interspersed with some of the song of that poet, und some Scotch dances. Tt public were admitted on payment of or shilling to front seals, and u. silver coin t back seats, and there was a very lars, attendance. Mr. D. M'Luchlan (president of Tyndale, occupied the chair. The CHAIRMAN, in his opening remarla said that when the formation of the clu was 'first thought of he bad no idea that i would assume such dimensions as it ha done. It was purely a literary society, bu the members would not be restricted to th use of Scotch literature only. The meeting would be held monthly, to which ladle would be admitted free; und it was piopost to hold socials similar to this at least one a quarter. The speaker also gave som sketches of Scottish character, which wer interesting and amuHing. Rev. J. S. SCOTT said that it was witt exceeding diffidence that he consented ti deliver the lecture nf the evening, the reasoi being that although a Scotchman, anc having ta speak on a Scotch subject, hi believed that the dialect of the. Lowlandi I was one that was not well understood, and ii as foreign in the north of Scotland almost ai it is in England. Burns, however, is recog nised as the national poet of Scotland, anc the subject was one which was dear to hin (the speaker), because he belonged to thc land of Burns. Genius will assert itself however unfavourable its surroundings maj be. If Providence has bestowed on any ol His creatures powers extraordinary,. it ii because the individual or individuals have extraordinary destinies to fulfil. Nelthei obscure birth, the lack of opportunities, nor, to ordinary* personages insurmountable difficulties, prevent genius rising to its true level. It is said " Nature will cherish hei own." Tannahill at the loom, Hugh Milloi in the stone quarry, Bunyan in the prison cell. Burns at the plough, grew mentally, and under the most untoward circumstance! found ways and means of displaying theil genius. Robert Burns is a fine example ol a true genius educating itself under unfav- orable circumstances, and, in the face of all difficulties, producing works the fame of which will last. We are proud of our countryman, and Scotland may well boast of her son. He was born on the 26th Jan., 1759\. His father was then engaged as gardener and overseer ef the estate of Dnonholon, and lived in a small cottage which he had built with his own hands, a clay built hovel, situated on the banks of the Doon, about two miles from the borough toon nf Ayr, and close upon the historic Kirk of Alloway. An incident recorded, in one of his songs compelled the mother and her child, not yet a week old, to seek shelter in a neighbouring cottage : " Our monaroh'e hindmost year but ano Waa five-and-twonty days begun, . ?,- ? 'Twas then a blast o' Januar win' Blew houselin on Robin " This referred to the occasion when the walls of the frail " biggin " gave way before the wintry storm, exposing the mother and child to its fury. The father of Burns, though poor, wus no ordinary man. He was far superior to most men nf the peasant class, and had improved his talents by careful observation, and hy religious reflections and exercises. The poet, in his "Cotter's Satur- day Night," gives us a portrait of his father. Of his mother lilt lu is known. She is des- cribed by the poet II« "a very sagacious woman, without forwardness orawkwardnesB of manner," and in the "Cotter's Saturday Night " he speaks of "Thamlther, wi hor noodle mid her shears, who'gars auld oíaos look a'matst ngwcel's tho now;" No doubt she had a fund of old Scottish songs and hallada which she imparted to her sons. She could hardly suspect the powerful influence these had upon Robert? who treasured them up in his mind, and they, to some extent, stimulated the poetic instinct nf tho future star nf Scottish poetB, Under the tuition of one John Murdoch, a student of divinity, Robert made rapid progress at school, and, ns he says himself, " made an excellent English scholar, though lt cost the school-master some thrashings." He became a great reader, perusing with the utmost avidity every work he could lay his hands upon, and hus left a list of those he had read by the time ho was 18 years of age. In his boyish duys he owed much, he says, to an old woman who resided in the family, remarkable for her Ignorance, credulity, und superstition, who had the largest collection in the country of tales and songs concerning devils, ghosts, fairies and other trumpery. His first attempt at versification was in his sixteenth year. In the harvest field he had as a partner a " bonnie sweet and sonsie lass," who inltlntrd in him : that delicious passion which he says he held to be the first of human joys.. The song he I composed concerning this "bonnie hiss" I would not have given him the reputation of a poet, hut it is worth preserving as his first performance. lu his lath year he attended a mathematical school in Kirkswald, and it was here, in the society of smugglers, that he learned to fill his glass and to mingle in drunken squabbles; here the serpent that was to poison his life wound his first COIIB around him. In 1781 he went to Irvine to learn tho trade of flax dressing, but the scheme was a failure. He and some boon companions were giving a welcome carousal to the new year, when the shop caught fire and was burnt to the ground. While riere he was influenced to spurn the bonds of rigid virtue by which ho had hitherto been re- strained, and eventually his life became a burden, and he longed for tho end. He returned to his father's home without a six- pence, and shortly after a rapid consumption carried the best of fathers away from a sor- rowing family. The poet's epitaph for bis father is one of the finest extant : O yo, whose check tho toar of pity stains Draw near with pious rovorenae and attend. Here Ho tho loving husband's dear romains, Tho tender father and the Honorons triend. Tho nltylnp heart that folt for human woe ; The dauntless heart that feared no human pride ; Tho frlond of mnn. to vice alono a foo, For ov'u his fallings leaned to virtue's side. The lecturer then gave a sketch of BurnB' career up to the time of his contemplated departure from Scotland to the West Indies, to Hil.an appointment, he had secured there as overseer on t¡he estate of a Mr. Douglas. His poems having now become popular, he was induced to forego his scheme, and turn his faee to Edinburgh, where he hnd many influential friends. He became for the time tho hero-god, and all Edinburgh becaruo bis worshippers. His second visit tn the metro- polis was very different ; he was received somewhat coldly at the tables of tho great, and never pressed to stay. Subsequently he married his first love Jean Armour, and took again ta farm life, but having tasted city life he soon became dissatisfied with the country. He afterwards became an exciseman, and some good stories were told of his leniency in that capacity. His intemperate habits began to tell on his frame, and in 170ft he contracted a severe attack of rheumatism through being unable to reach home owing to his befuddled condition, and to which he succumbed in lila 37th year. His life WIIB one long series of troubles and disappointments, a longstruggle against poverty. His indulgence in the wine cnn m uv be attributed to his love for societv. The unsettled stnto of his mind led him to indulge in thu dissipations which wera the fashion of the day, but he never gave himself up to the degrading habits of a confirmed drunkard. Ho knew better thnn any mun his own failings, and tho language in which he upraitlshimself is terrible in its sublimity. With, regard to the works of the poet, tho lecturer said that their popularity was ns complete as sudden. While but a young man his mime beenmo familiar to all ranks of his countrymen, and the plonghninn poet becamo tho brightest star in that ago of science nnd philosophy. His works are found in almost every cottage and bouso in his own land, nnd while the English language remains they will continue to enlighten and amuse his grateful countrymen. Hie first poem of nay note was that ludicrous story of two clergymen, entitled "The Holy Tulrie," or the "Twa Herds," after which appeared "Holy Willie's prayer," the most ; cutting satire fae «Ter wrote. Bural WM not an irreligious man-he ont/ fidjcnled hypocrisy. Both his'poems and his Tetters give ample proof of this. " Death and Dr. Hornbook "is a laughter- producing piece of satire on a school (linster who Encl some medical tkill, nnd- boasted of tiic cures he had effected with bis medicines. Mingled with these, we cull some sweeter flowers, as "The mouse," "The mountain daisy," and others. The former shows what a big heart the poet must have had. There waa a pince for the tiniest of God's creatures in that manly breast; and "The mountain daisy" is un exquisite little piece, declaring his sympathy with all nature, whether animate or inanimate. His humorous poems were referred to at some length, and several lines of what the poet himself considered to be his masterpiece-"Tam O'shanter"-were recited by the lecturer. His love songs and bacchanalian songs were numerous, and several of these were recited also. Of his epitaphs, that to his father takes first place, and next comes poor Ferguson's, a poet to whom Burns erected a memorial stone. The following was complimentary to a lawyer : " Hero Iles John Busby, honest man i Cheat him, devil, lt you can." ! and not less pointed is the following on a schoolmaster: " Here lies Willie Michie'« banes, Oh, Satan, «hen yo talc him. Gio him tho uchooltn' o' your weans, For clovor de'ils he'll mak them." The lecture was brought' to a close by the Lecturer reciting very effectively a few verses of that poem which hos, he said, more than any other endeared the name of Burns to the more thoughtful and earnest of his coun- trymen, "The Cotter's Saturday night." The simple and manly piety of bis country is depicted here with the skill of a master, and in this picture he gives a beautiful por- traiture of his own home life before leaving the house of his parents. , During the evening it company of seven- teen sang as glees " Te banks and braes," "Córala' thro" - the rye," -and "Auld'lang1 syne"; Mles M'Phee sang "Annie Laurie,! and " A man's a man for a' that"; Mrs. Allan sang "Afton Water" and "Robin Adair"; Miss Martin. "Hieland' Lad," and "Auld Robin Gray "; and Mr. A. Afin tyre enng "There was a lad was born in Kyle," and " Scotland yet." Misses Munro and M'Don ald and Messrs. Matheson and Craig danced a Scotch reel ; Masters Gregor the Highland fling,-and Mr. Craig the sailor's hornpipe and an Irish jig, the whole making a most enjoy- able entertainment. . A vote of thanks to the lecturer and chairman, and their res- ponses, brought the meeting to a close. 