CURRENT TOPICS \--4?-- Arbor Day-The preparations for the first celebration of Arbor Day in Laun ceston have been so far advanced by the Corporation officials concerned that it is probable the day will shortly be definitely fixed for the first or second Wednesday in August. This day, it will be remembered, was agreed upon by the meeting recently held in ' the Town Hall to consider the proposal of establishing an annual tree-planting function, and the best mode of enlisting the sympathy and interest of the young in it. A half-holiday will therefore be. asked from all the schools on whichever of the days mentioned above is finally selected, when a. large attendance of the young people and their elders will, no doubt, asemble on the Reservoir Re serve, Cataract Hill, in which the pre paration of the holes to receive .the trees will be at once commenced. While on the subject of tree-planting, it may be mentioned that the Superintendent of Reserves intends next month to fill up the gaps along the Invermay road. He finds that to 'set young trees out in this wet, low-lying locality very early in the planting season does not answer but that it is better to wait until the sun gains sufficient power to warm the soil a little, in which case the trees soon start into vigorous growth. The end 'of August will see the work completed. The ]lIphin and other roads will receive; siilar attention when uecessary? Congress of Chambers of Commerce. -The secretary of the Launceston Chamber of Commerce (Mr. Alex. Web ster) has received the following letter from the hon. John Henry,M.H.A.,who, with Mr. F. A. Du Croz, represented Tasmania at the Congress of Chambers recently held in London:-"I am send ing you herewith, for the information of your chamber, full reports of the proceedings at this congress to date (June 12), which will all explain them selves. You will note the position which I took up on the most important sub ject of how to establish closer com mercial relations between Great Bri tain and her colonies-a position, I trust, that will meet with the approval of your chamber. I had a free hand from you, and of course spoke according to my convictions. I am hopeful that some practical good may in the future result from this conference, though in the meantime there does not appear to be any feasible plan for carrying out what all parties desire. Mr. Du Croz has been a regular and careful atten- I dant, and approved of my line." Mr. Du Croz also wrote, stating that he had been in complete accord with Mr. Henry. The meeting, numbering be tween 400 and 500, was held in the mag nificent hall of the Grocers' Company, while in the evenings the delegates en joyed the hospitality of the Lord Mayor and London Chambar at a banquet, while Sir Augustus Harris gave an ope ratic performance in their honour,Lady Jersey a garden party and reception at the Imperial Institute. Mr. Du Croz describes the resolution passed on the question of closer commercial union as colourless. The morning of the date of his letter (June 12) was, he says, "oc cupied by the discussion of a resolu tion relative to the clauses that have been introduced into the form of bills of lading by the shipowners and brokers virtually contracting them selves out of their proper liability. The resolution, as proposed by the Sydney and Melbourne Chambers of Commerce, was carried by a unanimous vote." The rull LWXL or mr. nienry s speecn is given in another column. Funeral of the late Mrs. Relbey. The remains of the late Mrs. Reibey, the lamented wife of Mr. Thomas Rei bey, M.H.A., the squire of Entally, were interred yesterday afternoon in the little cemetery on the roadside near the South Esk river. This was done in conpliance with the request of the de ceased lady, who asked that this spot should be selected, in preference to the family vault. The cortege comprised some of the most prominent men of the colony, and a large number of others also attended to show their respect for the deceased and her husband. The coffin, which was of polished Huon pine, with silver mountings,was carried from Entally to the grave, preceded by the Revs. W. H. Christie, A. Barkway, W. H. Edwardes, C. J. Brammall, and the wives and daughters of Mr. Reibey's tenantry, and the school children, in charge ; of their teachers. The pall bearers were the Premier (Sir E. Brad don), Treasurer (Sir P. 0. Fysh), Minis ter of Lands (hon. A. T. Pillinger), and Mr. J: Archer, while among those Who followed were the hons. G. Collins, H. I. Rooke, W. Dodery, M.'sL.C., Messrs. W. Hartnoll, D. Burke, H. R.Dumaresq, M.'sH.A., J. K. Reid, clerk of the House of Assembly, Ledger, office-keeper of the Hoouse, Rev. W. Dry, Messrs. J. Millar, R. J. Archer, W. Falkiner, R. Gunn (manager of Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co.), W. Bain (Collector of Cus toms), T. Archer, P. Monaghan, Colonel St. Hill, Drs.'Maddox and Haines, and a large number of residents. Mr. Rei bey was too ill to attend. Among the floral tributes was a magnificent wreath sent by Viscount and Viscountess Gor manston. It was made of white ca mellias, narcissi, carnations, and mai denhair fern, with white satin ribbon. A new feature in the design was intro duced, a bow being fastened at the top, passed through the garland, and an other bow was formed beneath. A white camellia was fixed in the centre of each bow. This was made by Mr. J. H. Taylor, florist, of Brisbane-street, who also supplied wreaths on account of the hon. N. and E. and Mrs. Lewis, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Grubb, Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Parker, and Colonel St. Hill. Codlin Moth.-At the meeting of the Launceston Fruit Board held last Tues day it was stated that four orchards had been leased by the board in dif ferent parts of the district for the pur pose of making experiments to cope with the codlin moth pest. These orchards vary in size from one quarter of an acre to two acres, and were all badly affected with the codlin moth last season. They are also well isolated, so tnaT. muere mill be a better chance of proving if the measures adopted will have the desired effect. It is intended in the first instance to try the effect of cutting the trees back, so that they will not bear fruit for a year or two, as it is considered that in the space of two years there will be no likelihood of the grub being found in these orchards, seeing that there will be no fruit for them to exist upon; and every care will be taken to prevent any chance of the codlin moth being intro duced into these orchards. July Sale.-Messrs. M'Kay, Sampson, and M'Kinlay publish in their adver tisement to- day a very comprehensive list of the bargains they have to offer patrons in a variety oat Ulne. Northern Macquarie Road Trust. Messrs. Henry Foster, of Merton Vale, and Norman Nicolson, of Camelford, have been nominated for the vacant seat in this trust. A poll will be taken on Wednesday next, commencing at 11 a.m., and closing at 2 o'clock p.m., at Kean's Hotel, Compbell Town; Bald Face Stag Hotel, Cleveland; and police station, Barton. Word Competition.-The prizes in the Vitadatio word competition have been awarded to the Misses E.A., A. M., and C. Collins, of William-street, Launces ton, the net number of words being First, 2126; second, 2003; third, 2074. The only other ccmpetitors coming near these net totals are Messrs. Alfred Fitzgerald and H-. J. Jones, of Long ford, closely followed by the Messrs. Coleman, of Westbury. Boots and Shoes.-W. Seddon pub lishes a price list of a number of the lines he has to offer patrons at his boot and clog shop in the Quadrant. Prices of any goods not enumerated will be posted free. Ulverstone Grammar School-In an advertisement in this issue will be found a list of the staff of this school, of which Mr. G. Arthur Gurney is the principal, and at which boys are pre pa'ed for matriculation, commerce, and agricultural pursuits. Charge of Vagrancy.-On Thursday morning the two boys, William Hors ley, aged 13 years and 10 months, and Edward Elliott, aged 10 years and five months, were charged under the Va grancy Act. These boys are the chil dren who were in company with George Horsley, who has been forwarded to Launceston, charged with committing the murder of Elizabeth Horsley. The present proceedings were instituted with a view of the lads being sent to the Reformatory. It was deemed better for their own sakes that they should be presented on a charge of vagrancy and sent down to the Reformatory. On being charged both boys pleaded guilty, but were remanded by the stipendiary magistrate (hon. C. O'Rielly) for one week, so that enquiries might be made from the Attorney-General as to what was best to be done for them. An effort is to be made (writes our Scottsdale correspondent) to procure admission for them into the St. Joseph's Orphanage at Hobart, which, if successful, will be to their advantage. Under the circum stances it was a most difficult case to deal with, as they were thrown into their present position through no fault of their own. Coroners' Juries.-The late coroner's enquiry into the cause of the death of Elizabeth Horsley has brought before my mind (writes our Scottsdale corres pondent) what may happen to any per son called upon to act as a juror. The unlucky jurymen who sat out the hear ing of this case before the coroner are all miners, and men who earn their daily wages by hard work. Throughout the entire hearing they received no payment for their services, but if they were called upon to act as jurors at the Supreme Court hearing of this same case they would get a certain fixed payment for their loss of time. Although the latter hearing will not extend to anything like so long a period as obtained at the inquest, we main tain the Bradshaw jurors ought to be recompensed in some special way for the loss sustained in having their wages stopped through being compelled to act on the enquiry. Obituary.-Another very old colonist, in the person of Mr. John Cassidy, sen., of Irish Town, died at an early hour yesterday morning, at the advanced age of 84 years. Deceased had resided in the district (writes our Deloraine cor respondent) for over half a century, omitting a short interval in the early fifties, when he visited the Victorian gold-fields,and was very successful. For many years past he has followed farm ing pursuits as a tenant of the hon. F. W. Grubb, M.L.C., and has always been highly respected. He leaves a widow and grown-up family of two daughters and three sons, one daughter and one son being married. Charity Fete.-The .second annual fete in aid of th3 local charities, ar ranged by the N.T. Football and E.C.A. Association, will take place on Wednes day next, the proceeds being divided between the Benevolent Society and the District Nursing Associations. It will be remembered that the fete had to be postponed, owing to the bad weather, and if the committee are favoured with a fine day the objects for which the fete is to be'held should prove sufficient to araw i.rge attendances. In the afternoon bicycle races and a football match will be held on the Association Cricket Ground, whilst in the evening a special programme has been arranged by the E.C.A. to take place in the Albert Hall, the Union Jack Gymnasium Club taking a.prominent part, and most of our leading vocalists and instrumen talists. Mr. Colquhoun, the secretary of the Cycling League, has arranged a mile race, and will receive entries for the same. Full particulars will be an nounced on Monday. N.W. Agricultural Association.-The annual meeting of the North-Western Agricultural Association will be held at Lucas's Hotel, Latrobe, on Monday, Snext, at 3 PM.m Police Court.-Messrs. E. Whitfeld, P.M., and M. E. Robinson. J.P., pre sided at the City Police Court yesterday morning. John Brown, 83, pleaded guilty to having conveyed spirituous liquors into the Benevolent Asylum without written authority from the superintendent thereof, and was fined 10s, or one week.-Samuel Warren Harvey was charged by the bench clerk (Mr. R. Gibton) with having since March 16 disobeyed a magisterial order, dated December 7, 1894, directing him to pay 10s per week for the maintenance of his wife. Mr. Gibton stated that H-arvey had given the court much trouble. Since the order was made he had been in good work several times, but had only sent a few shillings to his wife. The bench ordered a distress warrant to be issued; in default of a sufficient amount being raised, defen dant to be imprisoned for one month. Two men for having driven vehicles on the night of July 4 without !having lights attached, were fined 5s and costs. -John Rock pleaded not guilty to hav ing on June 27 cut firewood on Crown lands at Landfall without a license. After hearing evidence defendant was reprimanded and discharged. Technical Manuals.-Messrs. A. W. Birchall and Sons intimate that they have oa hand a series of illustrated technical manuals, particulars of which are contained in an advertisement, and also a good assortment of mathematical instruments. Ladies' Collegiate Institute.-Last evening the pupils attending the Ladies' Collegiate Institute, Fiederick-street, gave an entertainment at the school. The Mayor (Alderman P. M'Crackan) presided, and there was a crowded at tendance. The stage was nicely ar ranged with appropriate scenery by Mr. D. Bishop, and the hall was deco rated with flags, etc. Miss A. Louey opened the proceedings with a piano forte solo, and Misses A Featonby, M. Layton, F. Horder, E. Gerhardt, and Master C. Ruston took part in carry ing out a programme of songs, recita tions, and club-swinging, whilst a num ber of scholars, under the direction of Miss M. M'Mahon, principal, executed physical and ring drill in excellent style. The enteitainment, which was much appreciated by all, concluded with the cantata "The white garland," in which Miss Annie Featonby took the part of queen. The other charac ters were taken by Misses F. Horder, M. Horder, E. Waters; Messrs Ruston, H. Thynne, and H. Williams. The cantata was creditably rendered, and the Mayor complimented the per formers and the principal, and returned thanks to Mr. D. Bishop for his assis tance, and also to Miss Fletcher for acting as accompanist. Intercolonial Band Contest.-Citizens desirous that St. Joseph's Band should enter this contest are requested to at Lend a public meeting to be held in the Town Hall on Monday evening at eight o'clock. His Worship the Mayor will preside, and prominent citizens will give addresses. Convent Ball.-The date of the con vent ball, the last one of the season, has been fixed for Wednesday, August 12, and from what is promised it should be a great success, as there are so many sets being formed. Henri Issel's excel lent band of over 20 performere has been engaged, so that a very pleasant evening may be looked forward to. "Trilby."-The most practical evi dence of the almost unprecedented in terest being taken in the production of "Trilby" on Monday evening, the 27th inst., was manifested when the box plan was opened at Messrs. Birchall and Sons' yesterday morning. Within half an hour every seat in the dress circle was booked, and if there had been double the accommodation it would have been quickly filled. In re sponse to many requests, and as there is no possibility of an extra performance being given, the management have de cided to set apart a limited number of stall seats for reservation, and these may be obtained at the box office to uay. ro use a common theatrical phrase, it will be "the early ticket catcheth the seat," and therefore in tending patrons should not delay in booking. It is evident that "Trilby" here, as elsewhere, is going to prove a veritable boom, and the only regret Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove will apparently have, will be that of not be ing able to prolong the stay of Messrs. Palmer and Brady's New York Com pany, who are producing the piece. That the dramatic adaption of Mr. Du Maurier's novel is evidently an admir able one may be gauged from the fact that the author, who witnessed its first production in Lordon, w-ote to the dramatist (Mr. Paul M. Potter), ex pressing his pleasure, not only at the manner in which the performance passed off, but his admiration of the skilful manner in which he had brought out the principal characters, and happily woven the main incidents of the play so as to fit them for stage por traiture. "Prepare to Meet thy Doom."-This is not the subject of an evangelical ad dress or a pulpit homily, as some may at a first glance conclude, but the rather startling intimation which adorned the manly chest of a figure in white, which confronted a peaceable, law-abiding citizen as he wended his way home Invermaywards on Thurs day evening in a condition as sober as that of the proverbial judge. Before the astonished pedestrian quite col lected his scattered senses, the figure, which made its appearance alongside a fence, jumped upwards and disap peared over it, vanishing into the blackness of the night. The move ment was so sudden, and the disappear ance so complete, that the startled in dividual came to the conclusion that such a volatile creation could emanate only from a magic lantern, and from nothing else. Be this as it may, a "ghost" of more substantial proportions is reported to have made a sudden ap pearance on Thursday and last even ing before several individuals in such a variety of localities as to either give him the reputation of being ubiquitous or lend colour to the assertion that there is more than one of these unde sirable gentry about, whose ardour in their senseless proceedings might well be cooled by a ducking in the nearest pond, or their skylarking propensities ballasted by a charge of buckshot in some suitable portion of their anatomy. If only for the protection of the gentler sex it is to be hoped that the mis guided individuals, if more than one, may receive a sharp and salutary check, and have their exuberance of energy diverted, and that soon, to the more useful, if less agreeable, occupa tion of picking oakum. Educational.-Mrs. J. G. Sherwin ?wi' resume tuition in music and singing at Messrs. A. W. Birchall and Sons' on Monday next. Mons. Dcchaineux's private French and art classes resume on the same day. English Mails.-The Orient Com pany's R.M.S. Ophir, with English mails dated June 20 on board, reacled Albany (W.A.) at 5.30 p.m. yesterday. The Tasmanian portion is expected here on Friday evening next per s. Gleneig via Devonport. Week of Service.-The annual week of service bald in connection with the Ministers' Fraternal Association was concluded last evening, when there was another good attendance at Christ Church. The Revs. M. E. Hart and A. E. Albiston, M.A., gave evangelistic addresses, which were interspersed with selections by the choir. To-mor row evening a united communion ser vice will be held at Christ Church, commencing at half-past eight. The ±nev. w. Law will preside, and an ad dress will be given by the Rev. Henry Jones, M.A. Memorial Church.- To-morrow the Rev. J. T. Piercey preaches from special subjects, that in the morning being "Elijah, his power for service." In the evening a missionary service will be held, taking the form of a farewell to Misses Salter and Field, who have been most earnest and consistent workers in this church for a number of years, and who are leaving next week for missionary service in Africa, Mise Salter going to the Cape general mis sion, and Miss Field to Cape Town to await further orders. Rev. D. S. Brunton.- The services which the Rev. D. S. Brunton has been holding for some time past in the Me chanics' have been transferred to Ox ford Chambers, Brisbane-street, in the upstairs hall, where his congregation will meet to- morrow. Historical Pictures.-There are on view at the Victoria Art Gallery at the present time two very fine historical pictures-handsome crayon likenesses of the Governors of Tasmania from 1804 to 1895, and photographs of the Parlia ments of TPsmania. from 1856 to 1895. Each picture is furnished with a key, and as a reference is invaluable, espe cially to our youthful population. k has been suggested as most desirable that these pictures, now only on loan and likely to be removed at any time, should be secured for our city gallery, and a circular has been issued to pro minert citizens asking them to prac tically assist to this end by forwarding a donation to a fund to be sunbcribed for their purchase. His Worship the Mayor (Alderman M'Crackan) has lent his patronage to the proposal, the Police Magistrate (LMr. E. Whitfeld) has consented to act as honorary treasuier, and remittances through either of these gentlemen or the honorary secretary (Mr. W. A. Whitaker) will be acknow ledged through the local papers. Any surplus collected will be presented to the trustees of the Art Gallery. Parliamentary Debating Society. The usual weekly meeting of the Par liamentary Debating Society was held in the class-room, Mechanics' Institute, last evening, there being a good atten dance of members present. The Speaker (Mr. J. B. Waldron) took the chair at 8 p.m. Messrs. A. Lamer, J. F. Peterson, and C. J. Smith, three new members, were congratulated by the Speaker on joining the society, by which he hoped they would derive benefit. The follow ing question was put to Ministers: Would they take steps to amend the act in the direction of minimising the uu5L.i(io Liblai5 LrUn UmLLutLJIe LacLumery and the employnient of' incompetent low-waged workmen by the owners of machinery? To this an affirmative an swer was given. The following motion was carried:-That the House places on record its sorrow 'at the death of Mr. Arthur Wilberforce Miller, late member' for Glenore, and requests, the hon.' Speaker to convey an assurance of sym pathyto'the deceased member's family in their bereavement. The House com mittee was directed'to arrange debates between past members of the House Sand country members. The orders of the day included the Defence Amend ment Act. Mr. WM. P. M'Mahon moved as an vmendment, and Mr. Woods second2d, that the bill be read that day six months. Messrs. W. Murray, J. V. Sullivan, N. Barnctt, R. W. Smith, and A. Gye spokl to the question, the debate being oventually adjourned. Independent Church.- At Tamar street Church to-morrow a series of special services for the quickening and deepening of spiritual life will be com menced by the Rev. J. Deaty Hart, his subjects being as follow:- 11 a.m., "Expectatini of blessing and preparation for blessing;" 3 p.m., "The children's Saviour;" 7 p.m., "The per sonal invitation." During the week prayer meetings will be held daily at 12.30 p.m., followed by a Bible readisg at 3 p.m., and an evangelistic service at 7.30 p.m. A welcome is extended to all. An Enchanted Bed.-An "enchanted bed" (says the Paris correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph") is greatly ex citiri the good people of Creusot just now. As usual, it is a girl who is tho cause of all the wonder. In the present instance she is only 14. At night this maid is subject to fits of hysteria, by which, as the tale goes, her couch is affected. By some curious sympathy it is said to bound along the iloor, over coming the resistance of anyone who may endeavour to check it in its wild career. On one occasion an athlete volunteered to keep the bed within due bounds, but, although he struggled man fully, it hurried on "like a runaway horse," dragging him with it. On the other hand, it is averred that when the damsel's father or mother seek repose on the couch it comports itself like other beds, and indulges in no eccentri cities. Large crowds from the sur rounding country are visiting the scene of these alleged occurrences. A concert will bh held in the Mechanics' on Tuesday to help a destitute citizen. The concert and social of the Oddfellow-, M.U., will be held in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday, 29th Inst. A Gospel temperance meeting will be held at the Launceston Tabernacle on Tuca day evening at 7.30. THE BUGLE SOUNDS THE CALL TO ARMS, and is always cheerfully responded to by the British soldier on active service; never once has he failed his country in the hour of need. It should therefore be a great honour to be called the soldier's friend, a title which has been well earned by Holloway's Pills and Ointment. In barracks, camp, or whilst on many a weary march in a hostile country these medicines have been the stay and comfort of thousands of "Our Lads in Red." In cases of dysentry, diarrhoea, fever, and ague, they have performed wonderful cures, and never in any disease, when a fair trail has been given, have they failed to afford relief. 