msmsm 'qv-B-L:J. CK Sif$!$ ' ' '' , jA-.vJti .' A. imw CWTEBUOII. kThedatkness Of sudden night settled down :gu ji'pir. ti>® doomed tciboI and the desolate >.::ihdfpnear which she la;. . ;;'v !..,>The sea rose higher and higher/ great £tWaves,liko moiintzins. struck the Bblp, .lift- .'/' trig her. tip, and dashing her heavily against lie rocks. Withal, the long threatened gale oame on, tearing through the black fog like ha shrieking 'demon, and beating the poor I (floundering Nautilus with such merciless ' xury that she began to show sure signs of going to pieces. Par away in the black distaheo bonne thundors .bellowed, and at intervals a red Same ot lightning leaped out, giving the poor souls huddled oh tlic deck a glimpse of the nwful doom that awaited tliera.' ' Shrieks and wails of lamentation rose above the clamor of the., storm',, and every 'minute some poor creature was (lashed into the sea. The captain, driven wild with tor- ' iror, (secured the only available, boat; and ' iwith some half a "dozen men, deserted the lehip, butthe boat was swamped almostin- 'stantly, hastening the fate the occupants . were so dcsirouB to escape, i , In the midst of alt this awful peril, while the Nautilus shuddered under him, and tbu .great waves rushed over, her, . sweeping off (dozens of poor souls to untimely death. An drew Bruce made liis way to that part of jthe deck where the dead man had lain await- ling burial, -. ' I The body lay thera still, sewn tip in the mammock, and thrown into a sheltered cof- -'mir, where it escaped the full force of wind . iandnvater. -.While scores ot living men had ' been swallowed up by the sea this dead man was spared. . \- ! Andrew Bruce saw the shrouded figure, by the flash of the lightning, and' put forth his Ifriot and touched it. Bis face, as lie. stood , 'there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange ' (look — the look of a man beset by some 'strong temptation, to which be was not .wholly willing to succumb. " Por five minutes, perhaps, ho hesitated, his .'face ashou white, . his breath coming in labored gasps, then suddenly he fell on his knees beside the corpse of the man who bad r -beon-his friend. "I may as woll take them," he muttered. " Where's the harm 7 And there's no telling wlint they are." .'. He drew a small knife from his packet, . and openfal the keen, slim . blade. Then, .with a few rapid strokes, though ho worked in utter darkness, be cut an opening in the hammock much larger than was necessary for tlic purpose, for be rent it more than half its length;" , \- With eager bands he groped for a few roouionls around the dead man's bosom. He found the miniature and the package of (letters, and drew them forth. The package was warm, so was the ivory case of the miniature. So also was the bosom tfrom which he had taken them, drenched as ' jit was by the sea ; but in bis terror and hurry, Andrew Bruce took no note of these strange I He bad the miniature and the letters in his own breast, looked about him with ctartled glances, to be certain this robbery of the dead had not been witnessed, and then fled away to make an effort to save his own life. . The: dead man lay .where he loft him ; the \- hammock, cut away; his chest and his face both exposed. An awfully ghastly face it was, as a sudden lightning ilame illuminated the deck for an instant, a face very like linto death. Vet von" the right chuek there was a long gash, made by Bruec's careless and cruel knife, ami from this wound a slander stream of red blood trickled. Andrew Bruce, Imving scoured the papers he coveted; ' hurried forward just us the .Nautilus parted amidships with a thundering \- noise. He lind secured a life-preserver, and then made his way, to that part of the wreck . wftioh was ' nearest the coast. The . black waves were strewn with bits of timber, and. ' ' floRtlitg oiiests, und boies, and to these dozens of poor souls clung, struggling for lifei ber ing beaten down every minute by the restless waves. :'' ' ' ' There was small chance of escape / little ' hope of life', but Andrew Bruce was resolute to risk his fate. He was- a daring man, and an expert owimioer. While an effort ro- ' mained to him he would not stand and wait for death. ..Ho was on the point of leaping off the wreck, . which was momentarily going to pieces, when a shiill cry arrested his attention u— a ohild's cry. ' He looked down, and the moon, wading . through driftB of black; and throwing a filful light upon the scene of horror, showed him a child just below him, clinging wjtli both frail (arms to the vessel's side, bis poor, imploring little face looking up but a hand's breadth above the seething sea. The child was the son of the dead man lying on the deck beyond. Andrew Brueo recognised the hoy at a glance, aud with a thrill of surprise. He thought he lind gone to his doom long ago. Beeing him thus, however, his first impulse was tosavo him. ' He could save him, and give him a chance for life.. He actually made a, movement toward the child, as another cntreating cry reached bis ears ; but . a sudden . thought struck him, and ho stood irresolute. , " If I save him, he may come between me, and— and — What I hope for," he slowly mut- tered. . ; While lie hesitated thus, a grcnL wave dashed over the wreck ami the child was , swept away. : With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open oea ..beyond tlio wreck, and began to battle for bis life. But his very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed ; for in that swift" moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, . became n murderer. . . The rnbicon of 'crime ; was passed ; arid! henceforth his course would'lcad downward.' Che opportunity had been given bim to make his 'ohoioe between rigiit aiid wrong, "and be had chosen the latter. , A cloudless.morningfollbweil tbdt night of Jeatli and horror, and golden sunshine beamed' down upon the sullen sea and the jlrericliod shores strewn , with debris' of the rreok and'the ghastly fscos of the drownedi Swhrmrof people flocked to, the scene '"frriiri quarters, some eager forVplunder. others : merely curious to see, and a; few in tent on good purposes. ' ' . ; " "Among the latter- were two ' or'' three peasait women from ttie neighborhood 'of St. Main. . <-\W - \- "Look, Olotilde I look !" cried one of them o florid dame, speaking.in- her native tongue, "thero'o' a little lsd, no bigger than- your Andre, all dead and drowned; poor 'little "fellow." :< Lots of them went down last night/ : poor' follows. . Here, mate, lend a band here, ' will you Bet us take this chnp over to the guardlhouse ; -he has got a queer look some- ow for a dead man. I can tell a corpse by the;look:, and the feel, too. There'a a spark . <>! life somewhere here, if I'm not muchmis- 'taken." The men carried the body off toward the ' guard-house ; while the womcu weeping and 'chattering by turns, tenderly lifted the boy and hurried away in the direction of St, Mato. . _ It 1b 'a/month later, and Olotilde has re turned to her own cottage in the valley of the "Loire. ' . - ' . The summer is well over, and the lime. \- leaves are growing yellow, nnd the vineyards '. hnog.laden with purple clusters / ."Olotilde is looking for her hushands's re turn. ' He has been abroad for over a year ; ' hilt his last letter which reached her months ago, told bor to expect him before tha winter set in.. Accordingly, she has out short ber :'i visit to her sister, near St, Malo, and has' re- ' turned home to make ready for her husband's She aits in tha' cottage poroh' .ais euauy afternoon, watching her twocblldren as they play beneath the llntes. . , , " Blie-calls them both .her own, and lovei them almost with an ''equal' fondness— lior on Andre, and the little storm-waif, tha hoy found on the coast on the morning after tills 'wreck. Tbcy restored him to life, she and ltanbei, and OIntildo has brought him home with Andre to her own cottage. The' dear little Mlow," she thinks, watch, ing the two children as they follow, their hoops. "Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't mind my keeping lilm when he comes. I should so hate to part with himl" Even while these thoughts till her mind the vine-leaves rustic behind her. She looks up nnd utters a ory of joy. Her husband stands. before her. ' b Oh, Andrew, have you come at last ?" She flies to clasp his neck, but lie puts forth his liana. and holds her off. "Don't he a tool, Olotilde,'! he' liays.ooolly . "Tes, I've coino, and I'm thoroughly used up. Bring ijia a/glass of, wine." As'sho' looks at lum ber eyes 'dilate with hoi'rilled wonder, - 'VWIiat allsyouJ .:,-!,.What do you see that youstaro st me'soJ";he demanded with a brutal oatli', . ' She eliisps her hands aoross her, loudly throbbingdieart.'v'V: " '.Yon liavo changed so,"- she whispers, awe and terror in Uor'vbice. "Oh, Andrew, what has come over you.?!' . : 'A harsh laugh escapes him, a laugh by no mcana pleasant to liear. . . - "Ob, a greiit deal— more than I ban tell you now," he answers. No wonder yon find mo changed. The whole world has changed for inc. l'pu shall hear it all in good time. But let me have the wine now." ' ;-'-Sho turns fromdiim like one in a dream! 1 What is the cause of his strange de meanor!" she" soliloquises. "What has changed him so fearfully?' ' At tbts'ihoment, the twochlidroh came running up, hand in hand, flashed and irosy from. their play. . .. \ 'Andrew Bruce turned round .to greet his own son, anil thus came face to face with the son of his .dead friend. . Ho whitened 'with craven terror/ and his very knees shook uuder bim as if a speotre had confronted hira. "' Papa, papa,'' cried Andre, vanning to his side, and catching his hand. . But his father threw him off, without greeting or oaress, and stood , staring, at the other child with distending eyes and gasping lips. ' ' . , " I saw him go down ; I saw the waves sweep him off ; , and here he is lie vacantly mattered. Olotilde returned with the wine'; lie (sized the glass and swa|lowed the contouts at a draught ' "That boy I how "came lie here!" be de- manded then, pointing toward Bicbmond. Poor Olotilde trembled. Her English hus band had nerer beon over teuder to her, and now there was something in- his lace that filled her with terror. , , . 1 "Andrew, pray do not be angry," she began, clasping his arm with two heseeohing hands. ' But 1m threw her from him with sn oath. " Answer mo," he replied, his surprise and terror giving place to wrath ; /".where did you got that boy f" "There. was a vessel lost off St. Maio a month ago," Olotilde faltered— . "And he wns on her he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over bis face. "He drifted ashore. I might have known. And you saved him, and have him here. Ourseyou, I'll have your life for it!" He seized ber by her abundant dark hair, and poor Olotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild ragei fancied that ber hus band had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for help, He clutched her throat until /her face be came purple. . "Andrew! Andrew! for Heaven's snko do not murdor mo I" she gasped. " I'. will' send the hoy away— " . "No! no I no I" he interposed, with ter rible vehemence. " I'll murder him, I'll bare bis life ! How dare he come, back .'to' Btnnd. between me nnd my good luck!" " He threw Ciotildo from liim with a force that dashed her to the floor of the porch, and rushed upon the affrighted child, . " Curse you I" lie hissed between his set v-oth. "yon shall die !" ' ' . ' lUio lad sliivor'ed with terror, 'as tbe-man'a iron grip clutched him, but he looked up with clear, bravo eyes. " '.Vhy do you want to murder mo, Andrew Briine?" he, asked, simply. Yon promised ray father to take care of me, aud take me to England." . TWb simple qnestlon went to tha guilty man's heart like a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. " Yes, I promised him," he gasped, in hoarse accents, "and called Gad as my wit ness." He staggered back a pace or two, andsank into a seat, covering bis face with his hands. " 'Tis net too late now," lie mutterea, "I mightdo It yet 1" ' Clotilde.wha by this time had regained her feet, approached him, and laid her hand on bis arm. " Come into the house, Andrew,- she en treated. " Yon are not well , you'll feel better when you have rested." Her voice recalled him to his senses, and ais momentary irresolution vanished. The evil within him was growing so strong, ihe good so weak, "I Should have to give it all up," he mut tered. Sir Geoffrey Trovetbon baronet, with' fifteen thousand a year I Think of that I.I wen't give it up." He leaped to his feat with' a hoaisc cry and rushed at the boy again. ' ' " He shall not live to thwart my plans, "he yelled. "He shall die I" He struck the child a brutal blow full on the temple,, a sing an ugly wound, and felling him to tho floor, where he lays bleeding and Insensible, while Olotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce eoon silenced both with threats and oaths. - , - r,.i Take him up and carry liim into the kit chen,'.' he commanded. ".When it grows (lark I'll throw liim into tlic Loire." Olotilde obeyed withont a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the.iouug#, covered his ghastly blood-stained face, aud then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, . watching her maniac husband, as she deemed him,' with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her/ and broke forth into amused laughter. "You think me mad »" he asked, divining her thoughts, Woll, I am mad— drunk with 'my own good luok, Olotilde I There's no noed to tremble so ; the fit is off now , it was tho sight of that hoy thorethat brought it on j but he lies'quiet enough, He won't arise between me and my good fortune again! Sit still, Olotilde ; I have my senses back now ;' I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm awfully glad to see you ; and I have a wondrous story to tell yon. But get Andre snng in bed, and fetch out some cold- meat and n bottle of wine before I begin, that's a good lass I" Olotildla arose to her feet, but lier limbs refused to support her. "Run away to bed, Andre," she whispered, clinging to the window-sill for support. Run away, like mother's good boy," Hereon, still in terror of bis father, crept out caoting a wistful glance nt the couch whore his unconscious playfellow lay. Then I ho wife tamed her ghaetly face upon her husband, " Andrew, for the lovo of Heaven, what is it f What has come over you !" she faltered' "Wrcyoumad!" He laughed agaiu, that ugly, murderous laugh, " I think I am," he answered, " and so will you Ijb when you hear what I have to toll. Fetch out the meat and wine, Olo tilde ; my good luck hasn't impaired my no. petite I" " But the child there 1" she orled ; " the poor little lad, he'll die if we.do nothing for liim." "Will he? So.much the better." The look in her husband's eyes turned her dek and faint. He used to be a handsome ihan, tender and gallant, when his hot torn- Her was under control, and she loved him to adoration; but'now she recoiled from him in shuddering fear, . " So muoh the hotter," lie repeated. "As soon si it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire," "But you wlll.be a (murderer," she shrieked out, " aud they'll bang you." "I shan't give them the chance," be an swered, coolly. " I'll throw the boy into the Loire to-night, and before the day breaks we shall be on our way to England. Sit down, Olotilde, and hear my story ; there's no time to lose," The woman dropped into a seat from sheer exhaustion. . " I am not over fond of suoh jobs," her husband continued, ss he uncorked bis-wine "butonco in a while the end justifies the deed. You should not have saved the boy from the wreak. Never meddle with what docs not concern you. Olotilde, how would you like for your Bon to be a baronet— a .baronet of England, with an income of if teen thousand pounds per annum ?" ' " Andrew I" . " Don't call me Andrew, plenec," he con tinued, coolly. " I have changed my name as well as my fortune. - Henceforth I am Geoffrey Trcvethon, the late Sir Geoffrey's only sou and- licir, and to-morrow I go to England to claim my title and estates I Fact, Olotilde, Upon my soul — nnd that bay, yonder, whose life you have been so anxious to save, tliat boy would come keLweenme, -and between Andre after me, and sail thle :goo<l fortune. Just think of that I" She looked at him with wide, wild eyes. 1 "Andrew. Andrew, you ore mad," she gasped. " How could all this be J" "No matter;'it will.be, and that suf fices." . "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon I What right have vsw to his title and estates? 'I have heard you say. that lie never married your mother . You are only au—" 4 Utter it at your peril," he cried, spring ing serosa the roym and seizing her by tha throat.- ' If you ever, allude to 'that again -you are a' dead wceaan I, Sir Geolf'.ey Trcve thon (Lvi not marry my mother. She was a poor uiiticss, anil uu ait itiiglun.hat'oner; No raattor; his titlo.and his wealth shall be mine alt the same. Woman, bewaro how you'—" ' " " Hist," gasped Olotilde, some one is com ing I" . He released ber, and regained his seat just as a peasant woman 'came in. . ' . Why, what ails thee Olotilde !" she cried, shrilly ; " wearing the face of a' ghost, and thy good iiiau hut just returned ?" v"Tlie poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning glance. ' I 'found her in bed when 1 came \- home ; anil the lad there is sick, too," hecon- tiuiicd, pointing to the lounge. .. " What; Andre sick ?" aaked tho woman, f' No. no,; the other lad ; he's a weakly child, and I'm sorry Olotilde ; picked him up ; but she's loath to.part with hiui ; so we most tnkehim with us on our journey, I sup pose." Olotilde gisnced at her husband in nmszed awe. Nota . musclo o£ her serene, smiling face moved, " What journey-? You are not leaving here!" questioned the neighbor/ " That's it," rcspondod Andrew, pleasantly. "We start for England in the morning. ' My business calls me, kud Olotildo is too delicate to be left behind." The night came on, and after some little .chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took her departure,- Andrew-, accompanied her to the door, locked it after hor, and pocketed the key. He lifted the handker chief front the child's faco as he crossed the .loom. It was ghastly white, and to all ap pearances lifeless. . " He is all right this time," lie muttered, with. fiendish content ; then fae turned to his wife. ... " Olotilde, get your crucifix," he com- mnmled. Tremblingly r'm produced the crucifix and while ha held a pistol to iher brow, U forced her to swear that she would never be- tray him. , , , . " Remember," he ndded, " I am your hua. band no longer ; neither., is Andre your, eon - lam Geoffrey Trcvethon ;, my son is called Richmond; and you arc his nurse and com panion./ Swear also to this.!" . , ; ..She looked up into his'meroiles's face with imploring eyes... ' Oh, ' Andrew,' I cannot Bwear - to this. Would you east me off/forever ? Tbink.of the past, and how,' .we have loved each other." . . . 'I. ' " Old things have passed away, . all things ,bayc become new. As to the love between us, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's .banished son and heir, .'and my wife died abroad. Do you comprehend? Of course you do ; and if you are n good girl, Olotilde, and love me at all, you'll .be willing to help me to bring this hbout.'1: " But I am not willing," she replied, " It is all a wioked lie. Your wife did npt die abroad , and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, you are only an illegitimate son— " Orack I went the revolver ; tho flash blind ing her, scorebing ber very face, tbe bullet whistling within an inch of her hoad. The poor creature uttered a wild shriek. ' . Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless. " Silence I" he thundered. " I missed you this time, but my aim will be sqre next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my-bldding, and go with me and your child lo-morrow, or will you die like a dog, here at my. feet 7 As sure as tliore is a heaven above us, I mean' to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in tbe work I have in hand. Come, now, you can havo youroholco I I would sooner tako you along, and I'll do w.oll by you. What do you say ? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed !" Tho, kneeling, woman, with the crucifix against Iter, quivering heart, glanced toward the window., The night had fallen dark and rainy, there .was no help within bearing of the lonely cottage, . She looked up. at her husband's face which mocked her with fiend ish cruelty. "One-! two — " " Oh, Hoaven pity me? . Yes, . I. will swear.'; . . The pistol tyss lowered from her bead. " That's a sensible girl now," commented hor husband. "I'll take you along, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead a jolly Ufa Ciotilde.' ' Even'if I. marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos session of my title and estates, I will pro vide for you handsomely; and I'll not for sake you either, for In spite of all this, I'm' fund of you, Olotilde. And you will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your son the beir to a baronetcy ; for I eball make the lad my heir and successor." . She leaned hor head upon her clasped hands, and rande no movement or answor.- " Well, now," lie wont /on. » One thing more, and we are done. You must swear never to leave ine. You are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come — Bwear." The cold steel touohed. her throbbing bead again. It wae a hard oath to take— to stick to this man ami his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet not even be his wife. But she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both wifehood and motherhood, nothing eould move her. " Yes, I swepr," she answered, quietly. He returned the pistol to his breast, and buttoned up his coat. Olotilde looked at bim, as she still knelt, wondering vaguely if he eould be tbe man who wooed aud won her girlish love? He had, changed terribly in tbe brief timeeinoebo bad surrendered his soul to the power of sin. But bis voice brought her to her feet, 8 " Oomo, como— look alive. There le no time to lose. , iou might pack up bur best things, and bavo the .boy all ready, and I will call upon Lavcom, and instruct hi m as to what dis position to make of what vye leave behind us. But this job must be dona first," (to an OOHTJHDBD.) ilM "fihRe" is about 40,000,. 