A VETERAN. A CHRISTMAS STORY. " Fray do not mock me. I am a very foolish, fond old man, Four score and upward, not an hour more nnr less; And to deal plainly, I fear I am not in my perfect mind." " Don't ye read no more, Narcissy." " Bnt he s> es Cordelier, pa. ' For as I am a man, I think the lady to be my child, Cordelier.'" NarcisBa turned her sharp little face, With its solemn black eyes on the old man wrapped in a flannel dressing gown, huddling by the stove, warming his thin hands by the open oven door. " I dnnno aa readin' 'boat them dead folks ia heltby for ye ; you ain't but 12 year. Lor, bow great yonr tna was in Shakspeer—say hull pages 'thout the book. She marked ye fer 'em Narcissy." " I know lots, too, 'thout (he book, 'specially King Lear/V-aaid the child, claping ber thjp fingeim.over her skinny knees and swinging baefc. ber long braid of flaxen juir ; " Otbeller,3p*>. Lor, what fnnfiy Idees Deeds many bad to marry a colored man that smothered her in pillers." * " Wanter know I" said the old man with some animation. " Yeah, an 1 she dies a blessin' bim, just as nateral. You're like King Lear, pa, with yonr long white beard an' hair, that Eldory scolds that you won't cut, an' you've got butuful eyes, pa." " Lor, Narcissy, that ain't sensible talk." " Black an' solemn as, as—well, as M'randy an' Eldory is the wicked sisters, ' an' I'm Cordelier." " All the comfort I've got, Sissy." "'An the child of your old age," continued the child, as if he had neglected to add bis usual finish. " Let's see how it was, pa. You was young and you got married, an' you went to war, an' that wife died, 'an then come Eldory an* M'randy." " They naterelly come afore their ma died," interrupted the old man, apologetically. " Well, I s'pose they bed to hev a ma, but goodnesB knows they never could a bin enny comfort to her* an' they growed np an married such aa they did (with intense scorn), an' you was' lonesome, 'an Irene Tibbetts come to Sharon to do dressmakin', an' she was a orphin—" " Purty as a pictur!" " An' you loved her madly," said the child with .relkb, " an* weot ' an' got married to the same, an 1 yonr children was mad " " Never come anigh the house." " Then I got born, an' ma died, an' yon got skiatic rbenmatis, an' the gals come an' took keer of toe.' " They was kind, Nsrciesy." "An' to pay 'em fur they wouldn't do notbin' for me lees you did, went an' deeded to 'em the propty to keer for you itaiia' life an' give me my share when I got growed." " I done that foolish thing," said the old man mournfully, ".fur sence the war I hain't got «nny spirit, an' has been sick a good 'deal. I thought it was best; bat they've run through allof it. This poor lace is all Eldory's got; an' though J I'randy's some better off, her man drinks, so* they've a house fall of children, an* \- there ain't no room 'fur me." 4 1 Began all over," sighed the child with intense enjoyment. , " They ain't kind to yon, neither," went on tbe man, " look at you now, there aio't a hour'in the day but you are totin' round s big baby, a thro win' yoar thin little fihonlders^pui, not a minit of child's play you »lw»ys havbnl 'wit jji 90 weighted that itick down of with • «W babies, of I your'n. Yon've got a dragged, pnthetio look, S : p»y, that is like some work-''riven woman's. Si-ttin* hero I rraliz-.-s I nin't bin fair to y«, till it seems sometimes I could lie down an' die from sheer grief." " So did Lenr," cricd the child wi'h uncanny delight. " He wandered out in the heath With the wind s-blowing his hair, ab' a fool a-follerin' him, all the fren' he A howl from an inner room checked her' eloquence, she disappeared and promptly returned with a fat, roundheaded infant with rolling eyes and mottled, unhealthy ileab. After some in effectual attempts to get the infant secure on one thin arm ehe gave up the idea and clutched it around the -stomach; then with a hoarse murmur of protest coming from under her arm she set about getting supper. "Seems io me Lonso ain't hardly com fur'ble,'*6aid the old man mildly ; " lemme take liitn." " Eldory gits mad, enys you'll drop him, pa, an' be'a used to bein' lunged this way.' I wish there wasn't ao many of 'em, an' snub heavy ones, I'd a-mind- yes* terd'y to drop Jackson down-the -well." " Narcissy 1 Readin' the books 'bout them bad characters is making you think dreadful tinful things.' " Well, Jackson's the viciouseat of 'em all, but I ain't goin to play the villin in play, I'm a persucooted heroine." She looked like it, poor soul, with her tired face and worn bowed little body—one of those fragments of humanity born to bear every one's burdens. The olatter of a waggon brought the conversation to a close, and Eldory, with her red-bearded husband, her seven children returned from a funeral, which, in that locality, was widely attended, not only as a means of showing a neighborly respect, but in being a place to go and take the children. " Mr Brown says, pa," said Eldory, a black-browned, Roman-nosed female of angles and bones, " tbat there ain't a ghost of a charnce'bout you gittin' thet penshun 'less them papers is fonnd. Sis, take Jackson's ban* outer the merlaBses, an' there's no use tryin' no more, an' Mirandy says she won't hev Sis there tbia winter nor ever agin since she bed them plays actings thing* in the barn an' come up a hole in the floor fur the evil one, an' scared Gideon inter fits." " He's hed 'em sense he was born," said Sissy stubbornly, " an' the neighbors etz the hull of them chtldren is soroflus." " WantVr know," snarled Eldory, " tbey do, do they, an' you pick" up everythin' an' repeat it, I'd trounce it outer ye ef it whs about my young ones, an' the play actio', too, an' if I kitch yon with a book again it will be a sore day for you." " Sissy don't mean no barm," interposed the old man. " Don't eh ; it's my belief she and you both ought'or be in the 'sylum or the poorhouse." " In the poorhouse," mumbled Eldory's husband, his mouth full of dried-apple pie, which has a tendency to turn a mildmannered man into an anarchist. He was hoarse echo of his wife's sentiments. The poor old man pushed back his chair, leaving his sapper untasted ,- ti e ghost of bis ever-increasing dread bad come suddenly to him in those words. He sat by the stove wondering bow soon it wonld be, and whether some merciful fate would not let him die before it could be said tbat Solon Reed was supported by the town. Narcissy washed -the -supper dishes in gloomy eilence, then- offer the various sections of the family wero put to bed— thiB modern King Lear the First to wearily climb the attic stairs—she slipped ont of her bedroom window, crossed the roof and let herself down to the ground. It was a moonlit October night, and she knew every step of the way. She crossed the sunken barn floor lightly, avoiding the horse's heels, past the cows and wide-eyed oxen chewing their monotonous cuds— they knew ber of old and, in their bovine way, possibly looked for her coming. Then softly she crept up the steps to the hayloft, then up a ladder to a loDg cross beam, over this to a hole where it fitted under the eaves. Into this she thrust her arm and drew ont an old- fashioned carpet bag, with her cat-like tread she recrossed the beam, resisting the allurements of a jump in the hay and solemnly descended the ladder. High up in the old barn, through duety, cobwebbed windows came the long, slanting rows of silver light on the eerie figure of the child. She opened a shutter and then a flood of moonlight streamed in, driving the shadows into distant corners. The bouse, wrapped in slumber, took on a picturesque qnaintneas the charmed light, with its wide chimney and sloping roof, the tiny paned windows and the braBS knockered door, even the well sweep had a new attractiveness, as being an adjunct to the old lime picture suggesting the old oaken backet. " Looks like one of them pictur keards," said Narcissy, " an' I'm alius glad when I sees the pictur houses frosted with shiny white like enow, tbat I don't know the folks tbat lives in 'em. I see a feller that rode slim wheel a drorin' our house, last summer, he hadn't no idee of the mean ones thet owns it I guess, an' he wan't much callin' a person a towhead." She opened the valise with elaborite caution. " The folks in plays alius lived in palaces, an' there want none of 'em but kept a hired girl ef it was plain spirits like tbem Tempest, an' they never hed large families neither an' I ain't got no use fur children ef I do say it." With reverent hands ehe took out an old gown of purple brocade embocBed with large black flgares. She shook out the folds, and smoothed it softly with her hand. " This they didn't find to snip and snap an' make over fnr their young ones," she muttered. " I myself stole it from the old house where I was born, the manahun under the elms. Ther was a hole under the eaves where things was bid they, never found." She smiled in an uncanny way, tracing out the pattern of a flower with her thin forefinger. " Stiff enuff to stan' alone an' b'longed to pa's mother, who hed revolutionary relasbons." [She tossed her head with an air of pnde ] " It was in a box smellin' awful good that I bad to burn as incense to the moon. I'm a moon worsl-ipper, I be. Ob, you butuful lamp of night, th.it kt'^ a person out of doors ! I'd riScnfia& tliibhut I has to have it to a< t plays in." She leaned ber chin on her thin band watching the moon with solemn, adoring eyeB. '"I guest" them missunary wiiumen don't know what heathens there is here in Sharon," sho murmered with same pride in her condition; thtn she fished out an old army belt with U- S. on it in brass letters. " U. 8V'Jrt*'repeated with ecorn, " an*i ud use fur you I've got till pa gits his pensbon, so there, an' he the oldest vetreb: in town an' the feelingeBt lookin'of all 3n the parades. Makes one all choky when he marches' along in the old 'blae coat with his -White hair a flyin* tinder his slouch bat, an' a limpin' wiA^hjB.Iatne knee, an' skinny Jake Be&n;,^Jiyin the flute, an' tbem two old Perkinses a drammis'the drums. Just on account of them papers, too, an' I never could find 'em, nor pa, neither, fur he want sure he even brought 'em home, for he took loony on the way." (; She stood ap, and witb a sigh of rapture slipped on the porple v 4)roaade,-pitt&u;)g np the front breadths-that gaveawider sweep to thalrain ; she^uffed <Qe miatvitb old tnt iitfrDgj^tned 4nfagbt ot&Wdndecided; looking object. T-his ehe beat into a deared shape, holding arow of pins th her montb, then dividing the papers over a string abe replaced the pins and inserted the article under the back breadths of the brocade. "TbiaMtibcautilal," abe said | with a backward glance. Holding her skirts op she climbed the ladder and there on the beam went through a tragedy, "The Countess Irene," named for her mother, and consisting of the most terrible adventures. It might be noted the villains were mostly her sisters and their huBbands and to night Eldory's " man'" had his tarn. " The miserable Sam followed her every step," said the countess, and whisk weot the train up and down the pplintery beam, while scornful looks were cast at the imaginary pursuer. " I never will consent to immure my father in a cold dungeon," said the countess in a hoarse whisper; "your mackerelinations I des pise (as if his villainy was ronnccted with piscatorial pursuits, as Sam's undoubtedly was, for after haying he frequently went on a fishing voyage, returning very briny as to language and o>ior. " I will die sooner than consent," crie.! the Countess wringing her hands. " Then die," hoarsely muttered the villain. With a low wail, smothered and husky, the Countess .flung up her arms, settled ber train and took a headlong leap into the sea as played by the hay. The ooly applause was a startled jump from the old horse below. With a smile of self-approval Narcissa quietly replaced her wardrobe, crept down the stairs and across the Bhed roof to her uncomfortable b*>d shared with two of her step nieces. " Pa," caid S='ssy the next day. They were out in the wood-shed, the old man sawing cord wood into stove lengths, the child holding round-headed Loceo propped up against a pile of wood. " Gimme the saw an' I'll spell ye till you git yer back straightened ap." " You bend the teeth of the saw, Sissy." " Don't you git to throwin' up things like rest of 'em," said Sissy promptly. She took a new clutch on the infant, " 1 say, who was Benjamin ?" " The Bible one ?" " I know him" (with intense scorn), " I mean just yonr.plain fam'ly one." " My mother's brother that wasdrownded right in the harbor in eight of home when be was setting out in the ship ' Sea Bird' a runnin' away from home." " Your folks was grand, wan't they ?" " Some to sreuk of, an' the night Ben jamin run off tu} 7 grandfather that was County Judge, gave a big parly to show he didn't care, because his son had been disgracin' him by bein' wild. Granmarm wore a fine purple brocage, I've heered mother nay, en' was worrited all the evenin' bopiop her son would creep around to tell her good bye, but he didn't and she layin* wakeful rig at daylight and see four men bringin' eomethin' inter the front gate in the gray fog an' it waB her son drownded. " Dead !" cried Sissy. " For hours, an' ehe was never a sine woman no more." " An' Benjamin's share of the property went to your ma ?" "Of course, there wan't no one else ; but my father hed run through most of it hut the homesteurf when I wag growed." " I Bay," said Sissy warily, " I've got a secret to tell ye hut you go git that gingerbread I hid by the shed chamber stairs fust, for you're used to buin' seen creepin' round, that's your gait, but thby alius says I'm sneakin' when I does. We'll fill Lonzo up on it, an' I kin git what I want 'fore he gits to frettin'." The old man was gone so long Sispy grew worried, fearing he had been captured by the enemy during bi« sortie, but at lant he returned looking very sad and anxious and without the gingerbread. " M'randj'e there," he said feebly, " an' they're talkin,' Sissy, of sendin' me out io the poor farm for the winter.'" "Jest King Lear all over again," said Sissy promptly. "ThiB ain't no time fur book folks to comfort one," sighed the old man," it's human eorrer, Sissy ; a honest, hard workin' old man goin oo the town, the shame of it being' drove by his own children, an' I have lived this long to come to that—on the town." " Hold Lonzo," said Sisey darkly, she rather flung the infant to him and departed, returning shortly holding one grimy baDd dotihlnd up and much festooned with cobwebs, but triumphant. She slowly unclosed her cold, claw-like hand, disclosing a ten dollar gold pi<ce near a century old. It was bright and glittering as if (and it had) been polished daily. " Narcissy, bow did you get that ? * said the old man sternly. " Oh, you needen't be eo quick to think folks steals," answered the cl-ild crooely. " I found it in the old hous", an' (lading's havin'. It was under them loose boards in the garret. I used to go rumaging up there 'fore it was »old when it was shel up so long. Now let's you and me tun away, and wander like Lear did, an' I'll play the fool; bein' called one eo often by Eldory hes made it come real handy." He resisted at first, for be was old and feeble, bnt Sissy persisted and her dauntless courage inspired him, and so it was one night the 1st of November, two figures stole out of the old house into the frosty starlight. Narcieea carried a large carpet bag and the old mnn a bundle of food ; a friendly neighbor had changed the lOdol. gold piece into silver dollars that looked so much richer" Sissy said, with some pride. The child was full of a wild gaiety and the old man, impressed by her mood, went briskly on. He felt, poor soul, like old Betty Higden flying from public charity. At a lonely lsne stood an eDgiae panting like a homan being after a long journey. Here two of their silver dollars persuaded a 1 rakeman to let them ride on the train—a freight—and so the morning found them fifty miles from Sharon far out of the world of Eldory and M'randy. They left the etaiion, then struck out across the country, meaning to go to some isolated village where they might find work to keep tbem until summer. " We'll be jest tramps," said Sissy with happy confidence in the future. They slept at lonely cross ro^oa school houses, climbing in the shaky windows so easy to open, and enjoying the warmth and comfort of the stoves, or crept into barna to burrow in the hay, and sometimes kind people gave them shelter, for tha old maD was handy, at mending clocks and domestic utensils that w<ro out of order and eo paid their way often. If ever on a windy night the old m><n'e heard aud long white hair blew around, Sissy danced beside him, playing ti e fool with hearty enjoyment, even if it was of a gruesome kind. One bleak night they found theuiselveB on a deserted road that might in .summer be grass-grown and covered with wild flowers. - It led to a shut up and desolate house where some family bad become extinct or gono away for ever. The lilacs by the dbor, the falling step, the ruined well-sweep were sort of pathetic reminders of~ a past where human life had been. The rotten old door was easy to open, and there'-were in the old kitohen a couple of chami'Mod testable too worthless to take away. It was not yet dark, so Sissy gathered a lot of firewood and they soon had a cheery fire on the old hearth tbat lit np the room with its ghostly shadows, the empty cupboards, the paper hanging from the walls and the tiny- paned window; whera.no fcnman^ace hed looked on the world outside for many, many years. " Ain't thirsplendid," said Sissy, sitting by tbelire wanning bet feet in the ragged shoes and "taking an eerie comfort in the 'strange place. " We kin jest eat and be comfnrble ; lucky we hed oar bread and meat along." With her usual inventive genius ehe improvised a toasting fork of a a lick end cooked their food, wbiob, if it did taste smoky, was rather a change and nice aud warm. After tbey had eaten Sisey threw more wood on the fire and then drew out the purple brocade. With a sly look she unfolded a paper and showed two more gold pieces. " The three tens was in the pocket of this gown," she soid slowly, " an' wouldn't show 'em to you for fear you'd wanter give one to Eldory, you're that good-hearted." " Ssems like she'd oughter hev one, 1 mildly. " Nor, siree; an' I'll bet yonr granmother put 'em in ber pocket for to give Benjamin tbat night if he come. Now I'm goin' to have plays, for I ain't bad 'em for fo long I feel just like it. I fetched this dress along on purpose." " What's that you got on the string, them p.ipers ?" asked the old man, with deep interest, as Sissy began ber toilet shaking out the brocade, SBdly wrinkled from its long confinement in the valise. " It's my bustle ; sets out my dress." Wanter know ?" He took the paper curiously, " it's a mighty old one ; think you'd git a sliffer one. Them t fashion ?" " Oh, my, yes," breathlessly, " the girls in Sharon has 'em of wire ; tried to wear this with my everyday clothes but it hiked 'em up too much." She reached over and took the paper, smoothing it out. " It'8 ever ro old. I found it up garret in the old house, but it's 6tout, you see." She patted it into a new shape, the pine in her mouth. What strange fate was it that made the fire leap up suddenly in a bright tongue of flame, tbat lit the old room, the oarne6t face of the child, the weary eyeB ef that sorely tried old wanderer, that lifted into sudden attention long hidden letters buried in the mists of years. " Why, pa," cried the child, " here's yonr. name on this very paper, 'Solon Reed.'" " My name ?" said the old man eagerly ; " it can't be, Sisey." "It reads,' Wanted, the whereabouts of Solon Reed, a sick soldier, who fell in a fit at the house of Capt. Edward Ellis, of Livermore. His papers of discharge—' The rest is tore off," finished the child sadly, but to her surprise her father did not speak. He sprang to bis feet, walking rapicily up and down and muttering to himself. Sbe watched him with solemn eyep, with a curious sense of his dramatic ability und the likeness to it of a piny. She wouui have liked to act herself, but was not frure of her role. " It's like a veil had dropped off Die," he said, hoarsely, " like I'd bin blind al' these years an' 6ee light now. I remember thatn^me and coming through Liver- more, an' waking up in a strange place where folks was kind to me, an' gettin' better an' SHttin' onvmy way again, but fallin again in a fit in Portland and wakin' up in a hospital, and I'd been wounded in my head and was queer like—couldn't remember nothin'." lie took the paper, stooping low to the fire to read. " It's queer, too, for this is only two years back." " Mehhs they'd jest found you when they advertised,'' said Sissy. " Praps they want over keerful in housecleanin'." " Belino," he answered vaguely resum ing his sent by the fire. He did not speak again but sit th< re dreaming in hopelesB endeavor to remember; and the child, wearied at last, curled herself on the floor, her head pillowed on the purple brocade and fell &s;!eep. Some t« n years before, Captain Edward Ellis having acquired a comfortable property, set about putticg an addition on to a very comfortable old house that was still rather small for liis'incr^asing family, including grandchildren. Then it wns on ter.ring out an old wall betweeu the wainscotting and the paper he found the dischaiged pnpf.ra of Solon R<.-ed. Ho connected tucui with a sick soldier who years before had fallen ill at his gate and he and his good wife bad tended. The papero were much discolored aud faded from the damp of the wall, hut still might mean much to the man who had lost tbem, so he advertised in the country weekly. No answer came and he had aluiOBt forgotten the matter when, one November afternoon ten years after hn had found the papers, a queer couple stopped at his front gate, an old white bearded man and a pale-faced child. His wifo dropped her knitting with a, " Deari« me, who in the world can those folks be?" and he had opened the door before thay knocked. " I am Solon Roed," said the soldier, and then when he was welcomed and seated before the fire the strange story came out. Aud what a long talk followed, and what a nice supper, and how the old couple were delighted with the child ! The captain so won over ber shyness that she actually donned the purple gown and acted a drama for him in so lifelike a manner, with such a diversity of characters and dialogue for one person, tbat he thought it the moat wonderful sight he had ever seen. As for his good wife, she laughed until the tears ran down her ch< eks. The next day the papers were brought from the village bank, where they had lain all these years, aud then the generous captain, saying be had business (but really did not), went on to Waehington himself to tell that strange story, and the old man, with Narcissa, stayed at the hospitable home. It was not long, for the captain had a cousin high in authority in pensions, before the matter was settled, and the 20th of December saw the old soldier in possession of 23,000 dol. back pay and a pension of 12 dol. a month. There was in Sharon a neat, elm-shaded cottage, jnd this the captain bought with 400 dol. of the money, and so no one knew who was coming to live there, where Sissy said, " one might set at the winders an' see everybody that went down street to the post offi*," until Solon Reed returned to his familiar haunt at the corner grocery and Siesy with a proud and haughty uir informed a red haired girl ehe cordially disliked, that her " pa had got his property back from the government and she h&d; two new dresses made in Livermore that was ever so much stylisher than Sharon." How the good news travelled about and bow people gathered, hanging on the fence and whitliog until several pickots were worn away, to congratulate the old soldier and to wish him joy in a kindly way, and bow many ladies of the neighborhood gave Sissy good advice with many comments that " it served them gals just right," meaning Eldoty and M'randy. But thu old father's heart yearned to be friends with them all, though tbey hardly spoke when he went to their homes with the little gifts he had brought for the children. Mirandy even said be ought to have a " guardeen," but he persevered otid on Christmas eve he went to them to beg them to come and eat a family dinner io his new bomr-, they were hie children and he ioved thtm, ho wanted to forget the past and live iwnew life. They half promised and full of joy he engaged the Widow Thurston to cook a fine meal, and all through church on Christmas morning be looked at his daughters and their children with loving e/et> so glad tbey were to be at peace. He had persuaded that hard young soul of his youngest to forget and forgive. After service all her anger returned, in tenrified by her pity for bis disappointed face, as the two women, with scornful emphasis, said " they guessed they couldn't come, he could go his way and tbey would go their'n." When they drove away in their sleighs, leaving torn with Sisey, ebe took bis hand briskly. '* You'd oughter knowed, pn she said, tenderly, "it's them two Lear gals over agin, they never got to be no better, an' tain't no use a tryin' to tuak 'em. Laud, what lots of warmed ore vittlcs we'll have to eat to git rid of ihr big dinner she's cooked, it'll bo wus/i trampin'." To please him alio put on t! purple brocade and swept about Hko duchess. " We will play wo'vo got : whole crowd," she Baid, with a little sigl. as they sat down to the big table. Rat-a plan, rat-a-plan, squeak, sque al squeak, and there down in the street ic imposing array, in the old blue army overcoats, walked the two old Perkinses wit) their drums, skinny Jake Bean with hifife, and following naturally behind, Jim Devine, who was courting the Widow Thurstcn (having property besides hif pension) and Bill Blake, who report sairi whs in Canada during the war, rimning a* the first alarm, and working four years oi « Frenchman's farm, having in all tha time no chanco to speak a word in hir own language, and only learning " We" of French which he used with good effect in the village. However, he denied this, and told such stories of battles fought and won and experiences, that after a time hr as well as the village began to believe ii. 'hem, and like the writers of w*r articleiin the magazines ho got more credit than men who went to war actually and were 40 occupied with fighting they had no lime to make notes for future reference. The widow Thurston came smiling in. " Mister Reed," she said, wiping the flour off her rosy face, " I heered the gals sed they wan't comin', an' I jest sent word to Jim, an' them vetrens is a-comin' fur a surprise party." What a merry Christmas dinner that was after all. Such stories of the war «nd onslaughts on the turkey, such des criptions of humor and devouring of food it the very remembrance, such accounts of battles and relishing of pie and peacat the present moment. Then thu story of Reed's pension had to be retold, as it it had not been heard in tha grocery so often, and then three cheers for him and for Sissy, who was complimented on looking quite grown up in the long dresB. Then Jim Devine brewed a puscii, squeezing the widow's hand occasionally as if it might be a lemon, and Bill Blake, who had a deep bass voice, sang " Marchine through Georgia" and " The Star Spangled Banner" until one could almost see it wavo, and they all joined in the choruw until the rafters trembled and the neigh hors remarked, " Such goings on was awful, and Sol Reed would rua through that money 'fore he reckoned," which he did not, however. It was long after the 9 o'clock boll had rung when the sounds of fife and drum broke on the wintry moonlight. Such music, too, for the fife went wildly ahead of the drum, and the oldest Perkins who played the big drum was reduced to giving one solitary but deafening thump by itself when Jako Bean paused for brrBth. The tracks, too, of those mili tary men in the snow, the neighbors also remarked, were a disgrace, and if th«j went that way it was a wonder they got home nt all. Possibly because the music was so ecccntric, made the procession of two behind cling to each other in a fraternal way and make one wavering shadow of Siamese twins. Solon stood at the gate waving his hat, the moonlight glinting on the braes huttons of his uniform, and on the white hair and beard. Sissy looking ut him felt tlx* choke in her throat. How pou ily would he walk in proctssions now to thu munic of the fife and drum, lie, the oldest of all the Foldiers, the " most feelin»e6t looking." It all como rifiht," saiJ Sissy. " I believe in the U.S. after ail. I gucsB this part of the family won't pluy no more King Lear, but I'm goin' to nnke up a real crying dramer all about a vet'ren like pa tbat shall end just splendid!"— Patience Stapleton, in the Detroit tree Pi ess. A Sebies of SuariiisEs.—The almost obsolete custom of holding surprise parties received a fillip lately in one of our dairying districts. A party was arranged, cousisting of about 20, the sexes being fairy divided, and the necessary eatables and drinkables were got ready. On arrival at the house which was to bo surprised the forces were marshalled into some semblance of order, one young man with a five-gallon keg of beer on bis shoulder leading the way. No light was visible, and on reaching the verandah a surprise awaited the beer bearer in the shape of a cattle dog, which rushed out and began to chew his off leg and so surprised him that be jumped forward, whereupon the keg became dislodged aud fell, but, fortunately for its contents, fair on the back of the dog. This so surprised the animal that he gave a shrill yelp and fled with amazing celerity to the furthest corner of the scction, where he kept up a continuous howling. In the meantime the rest of the party bad become somewhat disorganized and scattered in various directions, one gay and festive youth falling backwards into a tub of whey, which although cool was decidedly smelly, and that's where hia surprise came in. The inmates of the hous?, who had retired for the night, were surprised at the com motion outside, and the msster proceeded to investigate and was surprised to find it was nothing worse than a surprise party. After time had been a'lowed for robing and getting tho sleep out of fcyss the party was admitted and preparations were made for the fun of th»- evening, when everybody was surprised to notice that there was an objectionable odor about, which was eventually traced to the yooug man who had aamp'ed the whey. It was unanimously decided that bis piTSenco could be dispensed with for that evening, but as be was the party who had supplied the beer be was so surprised at this request that he refused to leave unless accompanied by the keg. However, a compromise was effected by his donning a suit of the male surprises, which was so voluminous tbat the nether garment resembled a divided Bbirt. The fun then became fast aud furious, and all were surprised how quickly the time and the beer went, and in the morning the manager of the local factory was sur priaed at the general late delivery of the milk.—Mount Barker Courier. A soldier of Marshal Ease's army being discovered in a theft, was condemned to be bunged. What he had stolen might be worth about 5s. The Marehal, mee iog him as he was being led to execution, said to bim, " Wbat a miserable fool you were to risk your life for 5s " " General," replied the soldier, " I have risked it every day for fiv» pence." This repartee saved his life. Some 2u0,000 children now attend Sunday schools in feweden, and are taught by a staff of 15,000 teachers. Prince Oscar Bernadott, the second son of the present King of tsweden and Norway, has himself & Sunday school for the children of the higer classes. " It is a pleasant Bight," writes a contributor to Sunday at Home, to see this Royal Prince standing at his desk in the schoolroom, and 'ouching to hear him in his own earnest, unaffected manner, explain the Word of God for his boys. The Prince's earnest, faithful talks, leave a deep impression also upon occasional grown up visitors; indeed, his whole life is a bright testimony to the reality of his religion." English Princes do not favor tho Sunday school. In a village Emithy in Aberdeenshire a few worthies had foregatheted, and the discussion on a man loving his second wife was to ched upon. ' Sandy Smith, 7 said the village letter carrier, 'you sud be weel able to gie an opinion on the subject; ye've been fower wives. Which o' them a' did ye like best ?" ' Weel, Potsy, I hae nae qualms o' conscience in answerin' that question, I aye liket the livin' aue beat.' 