I pit} ' Reflections. |-i JBy ' Dalftwflpe-'* glfyeieok Eaten— TbeSfusket Cranks Igaiq— -Fisherman's GRost— -Coil, I ^evRaren, aqd Cyndas — Yearliqg I Sales— Indiaq Bayers on the Job— | Flash Trainer-Persons— Their ability fiaestioqed — TRe ladas. Competition — Ike Earnshaw Wip a Prise— | ifelbonrqe Welshers— And Other I Items |^t-gt 6CPP0SB I mBBt eat tbe leek u gracefully' JfftTaa possible after Wallace's great perform Ep-i*|Ma8. ? If I mi misled by lis Leger lad Bfe-.mess. «o were thousands of others. Argument ?mjjran high In sporting resorts on Saturday K« Jnight ahont Wallace, and 1 am bonnd te jLp-^eay, be had ae many friends bb detractors. Wf ^Comparisons are odious, I have beard ; Kffbu't ? I see nothing, odious in ' comparing ?p$a«t year to .this. Cobhltty cantered ?Mttn tor the fit Legmnand ran the conrse ?faUCte seconds fasteO|iihg[. Wallace .did ; ?frjjbut he wea beaten ?flMTOSip, with 101b less ?fc-fwelght on 1dm thxaJSYsfllace won with, and Hianinlrt have as hood a horse oa Toreador. int. It's the luck of the should be compelled to rough a big field-in the be race, whilst Wallace the rati* all V^gftafink » a. ? -;«? dad' ? Carbine all ever* its of a like nature were list Walla oe wrtt trader . Hnghy Monro's hands itlng of Monro reminds Donald wsa (iyen- as ? last Sunday-* Tbuth, . Unnro is the trainer, ralnet too. Tbe Carbine are all bunkum, like ail snot a bit like Carbine uy, but be baa much of y character about him., to an alleged judge of lefleih, whs is a rabid he laoghed me to scorn, ie till Mia following day ntion to a filly of Mr. , tat Tarn Lsmnrid got so' his filly is better looking fill she bass deal of bis pair are alike fa color, sr and brother U blood, hthe tact that Musket nut, points to Wallace rkach other than Musket d Musket cranks who aea wins a race will not bat the colt bMfot two i and only mt of Musket jnldrememhttttiatlrom me great raoeberses that i of Musket in them, I fob Meios,, Richmond, , Palmyra, 4Sm liroker (n rilace), Thai Direr, Del* l Waterfall, iw pro re that uanresaa mnch consider iket put -of it. The i meeting wnuwmarksble bones eimci by sons of heir tafale»;*re examined bat another and 'abetter ad mom todo with thflr ikethad. ahe influence on the blood stock of to katte. Ifae sire 's same he Ire fflst races on tbe i.C. masking were Dele file, Wallace, and Little issget/a double atrsin of —one through Trenton is dam GeMsto. Futile ones through his dam. armas onfce throngh hit ra'e Bin, Seran, through Wallace, as already toen i strain of him.asd'Llttle Trenton. Trim Blue and ers-npfor thi Doneister, odd— the forqier throngh rad the latter thtbhgh », Cup-day winners wake t, Wallace, Ootl, and inolode Mia Steeplechase, got a double strain of Soil gate a double strain, . in and one throngh hie ; being by Trpnt&p.; geta hatMoise.^ fewhaven wn a tefrfbte wm Wh o CMfldehHy laid 's ytiry handsome brother, wsa which be btettoaWy era srvfflsfsa Bit rnhniag da eUUf ; jilt Spring Psyte* 'uhora,*£afot%put*w fB fohr fsri^BSStsld* Swick. H* difthe haU bwasnwonderfolgotdr ter the gnUop hi* joints ktadfinn doubfo con cernlng bis aver seatng tha post, bnt'earo and attention ' saved the colt, and he ful filled his spring engagements in Melbourne, but ho was only half fit. He retained home and was rested awhilo before being pre pared for the autumn events. Payten avers that the colt was only half well at Mel bourne last month, as he was afraid to send bim along after his early experiences, bnt after he bad won those two races over the Murray, the high price given for htm wae returned, with a nice balance over, so his trainer took more liberty with him, and sent htm along for all he was worth. He stood the hard work, and improved at least 111b since Melbourne races, ao his easy victory in the Champagne Stakes was not to be wondered at. Bnt his running in the Master Stakes was inexplicable. 1 was quite prepared to eee Newhaven beat bim, but wheh be couldn't get a place I was, as the saying goes, ' knocked all of a heap.' 1 With ragard to Newhaven's reversal of form, some hard things have been said by tbe unthinking. If they bad carefully watched Monday's race and Thursday's, they could easily understand why ha was beaten and why be won. On the flrst day, every body connected with the colt was boiling over with confidence, aid nobody more so than jha jockey. Newhaven'e , aew owners put a big stake down, and hit late owner lost £800, Etteridge had orders to wait on the field, and in doing so he knocked his mount about a lot, as the colt was fighting for his bead. When they turned tor home, Btteridge, looking to the right, was laughing at the rider of deeoczar, Huxley eaw hie chance and dashed Coll up on the outeido, and tied Mewhaven and Etteridge in a knot in a few stride:. Fear ful of defeat Etteridge loethis head and got down on the Colt, who was on his wrong leg, bnt instead of helping him he hamperpd bim. The stable connections chYy p& j^W oh' HeWbaven'lh the Master 'Stakes, mad in sfirneted Bttridge te let the colt sude along with a light hold bf bis bead. These tnatrucM Hons were carried ont to the' letter, end' the colt won in a canter, fiince his defeat, however, Wilson spoved a few swinging gallops into him, and thin coupled With the race, Improyed him ont of /all knowledge. Of Couree the crowd hooted when he returned to Beale a winner, but sensible men shouldn't pay need to the vagaries of a brainless Crowd —Who would boot their own mother if there wasadrinkhangingtoit. They did not stop to consider that Mr W T Jonas end Mr William Oooper owned the bor*e, 'bdr dp they remem ber that the racing careers of thpsp gentle men have always been honest and1, above msplqlon. If a crowd loses half a eov ,they Imagine they are entitled to hoot I have known theft hootthelate Hon James White's ooloti when one of his favorite* went down, and cheer themselves hoarse at thp tohclu ?Ion of the the very next race when one of the bearers of tbe blne-tad-Whlte has won them eome money. ,w * ' No man has paid bigger price* for bcu'ei end supported the Turf mpek better than Mir Jones ; bet, enfertunatoly, he has not met iyitb the success bis pluck - deserved. ; When he urn a good tbing, the. publfo sre not blow io back his diomoud .jacket with Impahite. ,«nd cheer toiidly yrbon be gets boips ; bpt the very first time one of his good thing* fioes wrong, ? eouple pf thou asnd Ijl-btvd gawks hoot Mwmselves hoarse, and fpr nh earthly reason. Messrs Cooper and Jcpes Intend to take Nawbavpnto Mug land after bis three-year-old engagements, and 1 wish them^lock and a more grateful public. Overahortopnrses, Newhavpu bids lair to hold bis own on English Soil, ahd if it is fpund that he is not good enough for the best company, he can be eo placed as to snake hi* «ft*nins * rao* passing eure. » » » That Toreador should have won the Cup is the opinion of 60 par bent of those quali fied to judge- Whilst Wallace With a lovely run on the kails, was ranning fourth all the why, Toreador was nearly last, being buseted abont by a lot of useless mokes, ridden by here-brained, unscrupulous 1 jockeys' i will net readily forget the ran Toreador made from the bend to tbe Jndge's box- I do act wish to deprecate Wallace's great perform ance a bit It was a great feat, and even if Toreador had beaten him, tha honors would have bean with Wallace, as he gave Mr Hordem's three-year-old 261b. ? ? s Pqor little Acmena. What a doing she gpt'intboCnp! Going but of the straight ffig Port seemed bo be right on top of bar, end Opposite OXehham'* Some brute, ridden by si brute, bit the poor tittle thing and knocked fahr endWays. It speaks volnmus for ber gamehsss fine only stands li-2) to battle right through to the ehd as sbe dld after* such rdugh erperienoe. The bnmpeis did not lekva her until their heads were turned for home. Response didnpt disgrace herself and fiashed but onte very blfgblly bnt 'died but vary quick. ' The Triir must have oomt as fast as Torpsdph as be was in trouble at the tall end bt Mia field as they made the bend. Malachite burst his hoot In a fftgbtnl manner and bhbblefi in .most painfully. Trenthatn was bah of my. Doho^terfonties, but be rah ajmostliiyt aadiiost fftth in bim, bhthoipbefdikiy gofttbunionbt him in tbe tjup.^hd triAbt ifttT-Mh on apaoe-maldng mlstlen be might i b ia 15m jhabSl. bolh by Ttbtftenffoih Xidohieredaft, M^fobtodrh. m ' . '» 1 ..j Oynins is a nicely- bred bolt, and his dam has Already thrown two stayers in Bos and Ohlatt. r Tb tut, Bok oontd Mrt any distsahe f^nfonr fadmigs to a uUs Ana a halt' imams is by Trantoh ibom Hygmtin, by Pfo»-Ms«yr-by8t. iitomrtftom Ailmuth, by JnHiih -by 6t. Albans) fiom Aeefth, by Flyfttg Botchman from Arrogance, by Ods uAbttom Iftperienae, by Orlando from XfllOgy, the great girand-dim of darttae and cilf-ristM to VdMguer. Hypstia h ytajr iftbtedSo «t Aibsto bsidj mttiM WeTrentbh Mood, oh isa tMs bn^bnt-cfon hhould piMhbe ahtayih. Beiade: «TP«»kV sire, t» half-brother t^pftewch, a gnat noehorse, and b -«btk HMyHl Wfb «? J csma off well with Bosworth, and it haa every prospect ot being successful in Oyn dns. * * * It wss anticipated that this year's sale of yearlings would be a failure on account of the bad times and . wretched Government, but 1 am very pleased to see that such was not tbe case, thanks to the presence of a few foreign bujers of blood-stoek. The sale ring was well dotted with well-knows men who bid up well for anything choice that came in. Messrs Tulloch and Uphill, buying on behalf of Indian clients, no doubt, helped the eale well. Mr Uphill went in for low comedy more than once, and caused much amusement by bis actions and ' kid,' but I noticed he made no mistake in the stulf he wae bidding for. Mr 6 Miiler was there lying dark on tha weather-bow, keeping a bright look ont for bargains, and his vigilance was rewarded more than once. Mr W B Wilson only had one flutter, and got s particularly sice colt by Trenton from Nellie. * * # Mr Tom Payten bought two grand coite for Mr William Bailey. They were the first two on tbe KIrkhsm catalogue, a chestnut colt by Carbine from Marchesa, by St Albans from Swivellet's sister, Sally Brass, by 6now dcu from Little Nell, by Vattendon. He ;s s fine, well-grown colt, but 1 fancy he doee not show the same quality as the other colt bongfat by Payten for Mr Bailey. Pay ten bought the Gossoon— Spice gelding for Colonel Campbell for three hundred. He is, in my opinion, the pick of the trio. Dr Anderson and his astute trainer, Harry Huynor, seemed very anxious to secure the Carbine colt, and looked disappointed when Payten, between cigar puffs, kept raising them. But not la be left ont in the cold, they got a emart Carbine filly fism Mr Percy Keynolds' lot for 860 gnineas. She is out of Twinkle by Slanderer from Commotion's dam, Evening Star. Being related so closely to Mentor, La Tosca, Commotion, and Dream land makes this filly valuable, and 1 should say she was one of the bargains of the sale. ? » » Mr. Jos Cook was fairly on the joh and bought no less than eleven yearlinge. He intends to try five of them young, and turn the others ont until they are matured. Mr. Dan O'Brien tried hard for the Bpice gelding and one or two others that went beyond bis estimate, but he got a rare bargain out of the Toc&l; lot in a fine bred chestnut colt for 65gs. The colt was one of the Tocal gems. He is by Goldshrough from Ta Ta, a Sue qualified mare by Segenhoe from Adieu by Blair Athol from the celebrated Aleestis by Touchstone. Some of the best horses on the English turf are descended from Aleestis, among them being St. Marguerite, Ihebais, Sea Breeze, and Le Var. Mr. O'Brien gave two fifty-five for a splendid colt by ; Autonomy from the imported mare Haagle, by Barcaldine from Chatelaine, by Bend Or from Chanoiaesse, by Newminster. Mr Dangar reserved the right of one bid for this colt, and when Mr O'Brien requested him to name his reserve, Mr D. retorted, ' I should have put a reserve en Bob Kay.' m m m The worst feature of the eale was the apathy with which our alleged traluers and judges received the Duckenfield yearlings. The Messrs Bales have been so ofieu badgered fay trainers about sending np their youngsters so fat that they decided to keep them in the paddocks; instead of over feeding them to give them a sleek, oily appearance. But the trainers,, with the exception of Mr Lamond, wouldn't look at them. They are like the rest of the world — what pleases the eye, pleases them. Last year the Oakleigh lot were sent up right out of their rich paddoche, and didn't realise cat's, meat prices ; hut this year they were fed, and came np sleek and fat, and averaged almost a hundred a head. ? ' * v . These trainer-persons who whisper advice 'into the buyer's ear are a good deal over rated, and taking them ail round, are abont as mediocre a lot of me* as one --old find. After the eale a few sports felt to arguing abont their ability, and one asked if wae possible to get a horse well at a given time without racing bim week fa and. west out. Everybody around loudly arid rSo,' ' W ell,' replied the searcher after information, 1 what's the nse of them f I might aa well train my own boraes as give them to a man who cannot turn them over to main, say, six months fit and wed, always allowing that thdiy bodily Health is all right. One trainer immediately asked, 'ow can you tell when nbor*e ia well until you rsoe himr That -man has a team of homes in vyqrk, bnt his proper place should he ' mucking out.' It is sickening to see the aide some of these worthles'pnt oa if tfacy happen to fluke a raee or twc, *h4 have « fow eoiUieaded punters on. They immediately shove them teivee into the best olotbes money 'can buy, and dine regularly at Tatteraalls instead of staying at home seeing to their horses. . * * ? On a racecourse they are at 'their beat srljea dlecusilng the chances of the candi dates for a race. Soma goose with bulgy pocket* and feet in proportion rushes up and ajikt bne of them, 'Wbat ll win ( ' The 'trainer ' looks at hie cud, and assumes his most knowing air as he replies. 'Oh, Gos ling'* a cert.' 'Gosling,' exclaims the Suntey, * Why Bsyteu told « friend of mihe e 'ad ho 'ope, ehd h?'d beat him with G spier.' ? Paytepl Trot doe* '« knpvr 1 If 'e'sep bloorefh' plpver, tehqft't *e* dihtaoBOt. Lxttpn'd's 'oThe fid Wlh if he wtt Welfa but old .Tom'e knocked. 'i«a oaf, and 'Arty liaynor ought to Alt a elker for the wAy he trained Bluhstofia Tom Brpwp's mare la like a rake, and young Jim Wilson ought tor 'ave a 'one, if that't the way .e turns 'em put,' t'wjifa T'tdm 1 So I ean't eke wot itgoio tier beat Gosling ; 'a rap 6 furlongs the other mornin' with big irob on in twenty.* * . ? ? This is the sort of party one meets with at evsry. turn on rsce way*, mad if you meekly hazard an opinion abont a horse, it is received With scftn by the yoitnc tttfoer pertonwfao is increasing and multiplying on the race course instead of going np country and con fining himself to the healthy and invigorating pastime of wood-ohopping- Down here they never bantfie. wood except when they scratch their well-oiled heads. To show the value of experience when pitted against luck, 1 need only mention the snoeeae of a certain trainer, Who aaj be tokened a type oi Abe rest. . * e 1 ? In a bappy moment this pkrty took to pony training, and bie enocesa was phenomenal ; yet when beteM jmtoftftehdM to mash one of fits ponies wall before bhymclring, he in nocently asked If he would give it to bet 1 wet or dry,' - Bnt want of knowledge in this direction did not prevent hie turning ont winner after winner. ? « ? Another budding Mat Dawson hrought a home to Handwlok ior a gallop, and mistook the five-furlong post for the six. The horse rah the five furlongs in lsnin 12sec, and the trainer thought he bad ran tha eix in that time. He hugged the septet in hie narrow but' manly bosom until he had invested all ' jdemamr op hi* champion: Ifi a suburban welter, :then hs told , everyhpdy he knew it trim* 'cert,' bnt everybody laughed at him. However, hie hone won easily, and now he , la eh .hnthorlty f and it hjs oifiaipn on a hone were 'pitted againat Dan O'Brien *, Daniel's would he.swefnlljr lelt and tbe sue o*s|ful one'* tok^, beiatne the public do , len to hlnor huisoe**ifft- 'tofttor hy whoini ithubtalned. Tto-ngh Payten has trained no end. -of Derby and Leger winnsrs in the ptottbathto nothing todoWiththepTeeent, and if a emall-hralhhd ««fiins - happens to htot Payten, ? G'Srieh,' bf Lsjmond in wTMte, he i* th* m*n for tbednr, old, Wear-sighted publlo, krho sat Wotblng iTnot fooMih. ^ , ? s ? The Ladai eom'petttien to the {bfidon ? SporUmhn ' hm biettght the Wbelebf the Snjriish-epciakteg . world tfifo atnVoahte irivalry IX their 'pndtoVor to pidk the ten best mares te the Whole WoHflto rskte wlth Didto. The first pries Wgatto Ur W H Ttbws, of New Turk ; the hbfoha to George ! Baaot BteejS, h rsstdfoit pt Jftmalct; the ? '' t third was won by a party signing himself ' Pot-8-o's whilst the fourth came to no less a personage than plain Ike hurnsha-v, j Mr Hordern'e trainer. I have read all ' answers pnblished in the ' Sportsman,' i Mr Karnshaw's, in my humble opinions ~ tba best, and should have received first prize. Anyhow it eays a deal for Ike's knowiidie of the stud-book to win a place out ol the many thousands who competed. He only had four days to do it in, too, 1 append Mr Karnehaw's letter aud selections, as well a: a lew lines from the editor. Want of space impels me to cut out a deal of interesting matter in the letter. * * 9 For the fourth prize, it is delightful to be able to cay 'Advance Australia' ; and very good, indeed, is the selection of mares, only the writer, unfortunately, cannot have teen Mr Bruce Lowe's bonk, otherwise he would have understood that so far from decrying Vatt-udon, that gentleman had the very highest opinion of him. Sir, — According to Mr Bnicc Lowe'a theory, Ladae's is not a aire-producing family, as ne «ay#:— 'if you want kucceaatui eirea, tollow the male line.' in the same way, aa Dr Sbortlaod would cot hare Biacklock, the moat tucoee,ful bluod at present, through St fiimon, Mr Lowe would not have Yatienduu. runuiEg back through ] Cap-a-Tio tirup) to W'hiiker, on the eire'eeide; aua running, on the dam's side, 10 iios, from | Ally, from Jest, by Waxy. H was the I rtouieat blood, the best t laying, and { (he best - constitutioned we ever had in Auatraiia. [Mr. Barnshaw must hare forgot ten Fisburman,— ' Dclaware'l. Horses of this I breed were great stayers, and all our long distance horses descend from it. either ou the : mala or female aide, Waxy from top to bottom. , Ladas is the name; it etarre with Touchstone on the sire side and finishes ea the dam's aide with I Touchstone. The following good tires run back I to Touchstone Tristan, Orlando, Wenlack, j Hermit, Petrarcb, Hampton, aud Been, ibo aire ol Regret the second favorite for the next Derby. I The most fhcoesstnl crosses have beeu descendants of T'oncheione through Waxy oa the site side, with the descendants ot iiljcklock on iho dam's aide. As witness Ayrshire by Hampton from Atalanta by tralcpin from 1' 'Tenia by Thoruianhy from Woodbine by Stockweli Melanion by .Herajit, eon of Kewmineler, from Atalanta. It te a true saying in breeding thul like begets like, and as Lord llosobarry would like to breed classic winners, 1 select ten mares with which to mate Lyi&a;: — 1, Atalanta, by Galopin front l'eronta, by T'horinant.y ; I', Angelica, by Galopin irora Bt Angela, by King Torn; 2, Corrio Key, by Galopin from Corrie, byStockwell; 4, Modwena, by Galopin trem Mowerina, by Scottish Chief ; 5 and It, ncmolina i and Keorali, are alwot! the eamoas number 4; f 7, JSleic, the properly of Mr \V H Wileon, by I St Simon irom Larisea, by King ot tbe Forest, eon ! of Scottifrh Chief; 8, Thistle, by Scottish Chief* I from Flower of Safety, by Wtli Dayrel ; 9 end j 10\. Violet Melrose arid Muirim, by Sooliish Chief frour T'iolet, by Tbormenby. — Yours, etc., ISAAC BARNSHAW, Botany-street, Randwick, Sydney. A couple of Melbourne welehera took ad- I vantage of tbe big crowd to get in a bit of ' fine work at Randwick on Master Monday. Mr Oxenbam was not betting that day, so ; out of consideration for tbe public, the two j Yarra men donued the bag and went to work ! nt Wallace. They were 'over the odds' all ; the time, and did good business. After { Wallace had won, his backers assembled at | the ' pitch ' which was marked by an old portmanteau. Alter Waiting for some time : lor tue 'bookmakers' who, somebody said, I had 'gone ior a dr-uk,' but did not mention : that they hud gone over to ~ el bourne for it, i the puntera began to perspire and i look sad as tear mournfully scanned ' their useless oriels which bore the inscription -jiy it. 1' j-he.'(, Registered.' They thought that J'r- Fisher might have bean called away suddenly to tbo bed side of a sick auut or something, aud had lett the ' ponce ' behind him ia the port ; so an : interprieing punter opened it aud found j it to contain a brick, half a bag | of chaff, aud a note from llr Fisher, which i contained that good old short and sweet - jest, ' Gone, but not forgotten!'. That] vrelsher will. get on, „ ? a. . K r. ? J . i Backers began well at Randwick on j Thursday fay getting Hiram, aa even mw-r i ^ktnw, Jjomo Air ctro. (tiirhie Race. At one j titue it looked odds oa Palmetto, who ex* j tabliahed a 20 lengths lead, but Hiram got to j him at the bend, and it was at once all over, j Palmetto missed the last hurdle, ..??? 1 ''us! lutt his owner the £50 for second plaa.. » » . » After Courallie's doughty handicap deeds his chance for the Ail Aged tjtakeB was j reckoned as even money one, though it was j his firat appearance in * w.f.a. race. How- | ever, the fate that befel Paris, Bravo, High- i bora, Malvoiio, Greyapwn, and other crack j handicap horses that Med their pace 'in w.f.a. races awaited him, and he went under. Class beats them all. 1 cannot explain why Pari* could win a handicap with 9-2 np and a fiaulfield Cup with . 9-3 bnt always failed at w.f.a. The same remarks apply to Mai ▼alio and Highborn, aad even Vengeance. Oourallie, I take it, was not up to these horses as a public performer, and i vannot for the iife of me see why people should have squealed when he lost their money. m m * Of coarse tbe jockey was blamed. It's always pretty safe to blame a jockey when an alleged good thing comes untied. Delaney might have riddena bad race, and if he did, blsenppurtera were not long in forgetting the two very -good ones he rode on.the first two day* but to accuse him of deii|-erately - nulling the horse on his own, aa one bad loser did, wae ae cowardly as it was unjust. This gentleman' Who owns the horse was goaded by a lot of busy-bodies who lost their money and wanted the jockey's blood in return — noble sportsmen. Co ura llie's owners were satisfied, bnt their alleged triende were not, and the upshot of the affair was that . the stewards were asked to enquire into the horse's running. That body went into the matter very carefully and ended up in entirely exonerating Delaney from all blame. ? * * Borne wise-acres have got it into their heads that Rose Noble is a champion,' and when ihs stable commissioner went in and put a 'pony* on bim for Thursday's Welter, tha aforesaid wise-acres crashed every body within reach of their big feet to get on. The Rose Noble demonstration did not alarm Mr Oxenbam, or Mr Hordern, or Joe Burton, and each backed their, nomination heartily. The result was that Rose Noble was the first of the fancied one* beaten,- whilst : Xiaura and Oravat fought out a tremendous t finish, and Mr Oxeuham's little daughter of the never-to-be-forgotten Oerise-aud-Blue «cored a most popular win. . . Loud, cheers _a waited Wallace on his return to scale after tbe Cntnberland Stakes. A* usual, to made a race of it with Valiant. He would make a race with a working bullook. The leut said Aaboqt the Oity Handicap the totter, it was named ? Ike ' Skipper Stake* ' immediately Mr Thompson's extraordinary handicap appeared, » » ,! *1 . A* Taking np the running, re Fisherman# fluenbe on the racer* of to-day, where I/.1?' off higher up, I bofte to . the third L 7 running, and I find the blood of the SmffW.f hon.bf 'Heron lhtbnr out of the five : winners, and the first to begin hioreeon the iast day Was The 7r J'®®'11 who boasts a double attain of hf- sachanter, also claims him in his «sol«te no leBS fthkn 16 fiat raO^'*- TV» lof 20 . Mnher* out table*. The most pbvf** . ... thelJ the meeting was ton, whose stock , m 4 W»Mated Tren- , twenty flat taces. /» .«»? ;?- «£. three wins and Fnril jft*®k® to Walla^* bine comes next wit?' Harden Flat-vQer- won two -races *,n«- ^ouralli* Vergy. and.the follf^® detrmcL Gemma fli neraAch ? Abercoir'rinfl *lr®* ''8'* * ' minX; Niwa/'' f4obil»£-n Crusoe, New SK G^f etenf -toother to Trenton), Gibmltar, b;lan«Dt', Rlghtawar, andfr ^thfiafcr, Sheet Anehor,' , Yhardy old Apremont. was the ;inost eucchsafn! ! aSt fie late I? *b« meeting:, having turned £ut no teas winners. Ike Earn- ' shaw, Tom Bro Jonathan Griffiths prepared two wi ecc, and tjie iollow ! tng welcomed i 'winner 'each : — J iggan, T Payten, W Gook, Joe Gardiner, job, jun, M Thomp son, lu. . Mr iV R Wilson heads the li«1 nin- owners with £1192; then ? F Portland with £[!-5G ; B Hon II ; W Bailey, £i-5i; W R Hall, £57 V A Long, £165 ; S H Gollan, £4 Cook, £170 ; VV T Jones, £398 ; £390 ; H. Oxenbam, £354 ; J Gaid ; W Carney, £252 ; W E Royd, , J Dangar, £222 ; F Gaxien, £201 ke, £200 ; J G'ough, £199 ; H C £150 ; J Honaghan, £100; Mrs Gannon, £100; D O'Brien, £101 king, £60 ; H Harvey, £50 ; B Fox, Keys, £50. 