THRICE WEDDED. I CHAPTER XXXVII. GONE TO HIS DOOM. MEANWHILE Alfred Ellerton had found the Italian brothers, who had retreated to the background when the long-lost wife presented herself; but tliey now came forward, and stood proudly and coldly before the squire, having first sought and found Vivien, who still re mained with Fredrich Weimher, both seeming to find an irresistible charm in -each other's society. They, too, came near, but took their places behind Squire Moulton, where he could not see them until the proper moment should arrive for Vivien to reveal himself. ' Well, what now ?' snarled the villain, as, on looking up, he beheld, as he sup posed, two of the smugglers standing in ?'front of him. .. 1 ITour doom 1' was the stern response, while both men threw aside their rough garments, and stood revealed in their ? true characters as Italian noblemen. ? A shriek of craven fear rang long and loud throughout the lofty cavern, and finally died away among the glittering ptebes - above; then a deathlike silence .for &ifew;: moments, while, with rigid face tand'Starting eyes, the unhappy wretch gazed upon the forms before him as if .they bad been ghosts from the other World, come back to haunt and torture <him with fearful memories. 111 At length the elder ipoke, in tones i that froze the listeners' blood. 'Our oath is nearly fulfilled, and the fearful wrong you did our sister is about to be avenged, and justice will at last be 'done. We have hunted and tracked you ,for Jong, long years; we have seen you plot .evil and suffering for others, and only 'waited for a favorable opportunity to wreak our own vengeance upon you. That opportunity has at last arrived. You are soon to be called to account for your treacherous and sin-blackened career.' 'bh, you will not kill me; you will l£t me . live a little longer I' cried the matched man, trembling with terror. . jfWhp'killed our sister ? Who came info it peaceful, loving family, created discord and sorrow, blighted every joy and hope it had ever known, dishonored jU.'fau name, and broke the hearts of a foxing father and a tender, devoted daughter ? Do you deserve to be sparest ?. Think you there is one iota of pity in 'ray heart for such a wretch as you? -Not As X said -before, your doom is seajed, and justice shall have tier due.' * Mercy-mercy 1' the squire gasped, .writhing in agony at their feet. : ' Mercy I' thundered Oount Gerient, of Lamerack. 'Were you merciful when you deserted her whose innocent heart and affections were won by your artful schemes, whom you made your wife that you might fill your purse with gold, and finding-none, pronounced your marriage a trick, broke her gentle heart, and heart lessly left her to suffer poverty and child birth alone. Mercy to such :as you? . Wretch, unnatural father, who never cared even to look upon his offspring's face, or clasp in his urns the tiny creature formedirom his own flesh and blood 1 Np l .no mercy shall be shown youj we haveswbrn it, land our oath is inviolable.' The cringing Villain turned shiveringly tofais sister; his teeth chattered in his bpad, and huge drops of cold perspira tion rolled down his shrunken cheeks. 1 'Oh, Rose,' he cried, 'plead for me; $6 pot let them murder me; think how I reared your boyj I.cared for him for raver twenty years, and do I not deserve something for it? I cannot die nonr. I tfoall go to eternal perdition-ph, save tne,save me 1' ;;His sister's lips curled slightly at the sight of his abject fear, though her face ins (tale as death as she replied, huskily: ? It would please me better, Ralph Moulton, to see you on your knees plead ing tefieaven for mercy. You cannot ' oqlect much love from me, though I ... Would that you had time to repent' . «Oh, Heaven I will no one help me? ' Here cometh one, and it will be as ' -she says;' sternly said the Count Gerient, :fes,he beckoned Vivien to come forward, v She came, pale as marble, but beauti ful as an angel, leaning upon Fredrich Weimher's arm. 5 .^JWo»|y, softly she glided forward, and stopd Wok the kneeling wretch. , /lie did not see her at once, she had come so silently; but chancing to raise ' his eyes after a moment, he instantly ! started-wjldly to his feet, his eyes pro trading from their sockets, his nostrils dilated, aAd his under jaw dropped like : adfead man's. ' *' ihck V screamed Squire Moulton, ? frantically. ' Back to the land of spiiits whence you come. ? Heavens I why come you hfere to torture me thus?' * Villain, it is your daughter!' said her uncle, solemnly. . It is a lie I Back with you-come no : nearer-mercy-Vivien. ^Vith a shriek of mortal agony that pierced every heart like an arrow, that rang and echoed, and rang again through that lofty, spacious cavern, curdling the ?blood in every vein, and paling every .cheek with horror, the miscreant, by a i mighty effort, burst the fetters that bound %is hands, waved them wildly in the air for a moment, then tottered forward, swaying from side to side, and (ell prostrate again at Vivien's feet. With a moan of fear and anguish, the lovely girl closed her eyes upon the scene, . and sank fainting upon the bosom of him who supported her. Ralph and his sister sprang forward and raised the form of the prostrate sqiifre; but life had fled, and they raised only a stiffened corpse. The heart disease that for so many years had threatened him, hanging like an avenging sword ever above him, had cut him down in an instant and he had gone to his reward ; gone to where jus tice would be dealt unto him, not by the weak and erring hand of humanity, but by a stern and righteous Judge. 