OUR LADY OF THE SACRED HEART, RANDWICK. __ -*? ? . 1 ? ^ ? Charity Sermon by the Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney. On Sunday last a charity sermon was preaohed by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins (Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney) in the Church of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart, Rand wick, in aid of the local conference of the St. Vincent de Paul Society. High Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father G. Donze, M.S.H., the deacon being the Very Rev. Dr. Genooohi, M.S.H., and the sub-deacon the Kev. Jb'atner m. Tierney, m.o.Jtx. xnej^ev. earner E. Merg, M.S.H., was master of ceremonies. The choir, conducted by Mr. G. Brewer, rendered Gounod's ' Messe Solennelle.' Mrs. G. Brewer presided at the organ. The ohuroh was orowded in every part, and as a result of the eloquent appeal made by the preacher the sum of £24 was oolleoted. His Lordship Dr. Higgins, in referring to the Gospel for that day, which related how a poor man was brought baok to life in the oity of Nairn, said that it pourtrayod one of the features of the oharaoter of their Divine Lord. It proved how the afflicted and the humble were always the object of His most kindly sympathy. To the poor He addressed His most fervent discourses, and for them He worked some of the most wonderful miracles. It was in obedience to the dictates of His Divine charity which always filled the sacred heart of their Redeemer. In the Gospel for that day they had a striking instance of that tenderness of feeling which was the outcome of that spirit of fraternal charity which He came upon the earth to enkindle. The Gospel afforded him a bountiful introduction to the subject upon whioh it was his privilege to address them that day. He asked them to perform an act of Christian charity upon which the angels in Heaven looked down approvingly, because it was in harmony with the dictates and the teaching of the Divine Saviour. He asked them to contribute a little towards dispelling the dark shadow of the wolf of want which was prowling around the door of many a home ; towards the alleviation of the distress of those who bore their burden and despair in homes which were once places of peace and happiness. Ho asked them to do all that, and thus continue the exercises of that Heavenly virtue of oharity which they had in the Gospel suoh a striking object lesson. In the constitution of human society, as they found it amongst them, they could hardly fail to be seized by the inequality of relations which existed amongst men. Some rejoiced in the position of boundless wealth, whilo others were miserable. Some enjoyed happiness and prosperity, while loneliness, obscurity, and sorrow formed the lot of others. The Holy Ghost told them that everything worked together for good for those who loved God. If one was rich and another was poor, one strong, another weak ; one basking in the sunshine of happiness, another drinking the bittor cup of human sorrow, all that was arranged for them so that they could best work out their salvation. If tht-ir Redeemer had been pleased to send the bitter portion to them, they must remember that He Himself took His place amongst them and assumed the largest share of suffer ings. ' Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is tho Kingdom of Heaven.' Now, in what did that blessed ness consist? In exemption from dangers and in the opportunities given of working and suffering for God and thus of winning those rich treasures which would be given to those who were poor and who boro their poverty for Christ's sake. One such act of selfreser vation to the will of God possessed a great excellence of merit. Almighty Gorl, when He conferred riches upon them, gave them also the opportunity of giving away a part of their wealth to others By contributing towards the support of the poor they promoted the glory of God and treasured up for themselves in Heaven an eternal reward. Their riches wero not their own, and the possession of them entailed responsibili ties of importance upon them, and if the responsibilities were neglected it would have been better if the riches had never come. The industry of themselves and of those who went before them might, iu a measure, have accounted for the possewsion of riohes, but it must not be forgotten that Almighty God gave them that spirit of energy and that forethought for the future which might have brought such striking results. The holy spirit of God answered all those questions when He told them that it was the blessing of God which made them rioh. If He was the Author of their riches, had He not the right to expect them to use tho wealth rightly ? In no sense were they the absolute owners of what they possessed. Their Divine Lord did not oontent Himself with the mandate to give what remaineth to the poor. He took higher ground, and He would have them remember that it was His law that they should lovo their neighbour as themselves, 'By this shall all men know that you are My brethren if you have lovo for one I another.' If thoy were in poverty, if they saw their wives and children looking for bread, would they not bless the helping hand extended to them ? If they were enduring a lingering disease would they not bless the kind words and the succour which helped to bear them up in the pressure of their want ? And would not fathers and mothers bo grateful to those kind friends who rescued their ohildrou from hungor and want and demoralising dangers ? There wore many amougat thom there to-day whose sufferings woro not known because of that sensitive delicacy which induced thom to boar their troubles in silence. There wore littlo ones amongst them, so dear to the Sacred Heart of ChriHt, left famishing on the street corners, exposed to hunger and privation, whioh their littlo frames wore unable to bear. It rosted with thom to wrest them from that social degradation whioh awaited thom. In tho Gospel of St. Matthew their Divine Saviour spoko of tho lust day, and proceeded to explain how Almighty God would come surrounded by His angels. Tho good would be placed on the right, and tho wioked on the loft. To those on tho left Ho would say, ' Depart from Mo, yo cursed, into the everlasting flames of hell, for I was hungry and you gave Mo not to eat, I was thirsty and you gave Me not to drink, I was naked and you clothed Me not.' And when they replied, 'When saw we thee hungry and gave ye not to oat,' their Divine Saviour would say, ' Ah often as yo refused these things to the least of My brethren you refused them unto Me.' Lot them not my they could not oxor ciso the virture of oharity because thoy had nothing to give. If they had nothing to givo thoy would not be expeotod to give, but in that oontontiou thoro were two considerations — thoro was tho valuo of tho gift and the intention. Tho first was of valuo in the sight of God and men, and would have its reward ; but it was decidedly by no means as important as the soooud. Let the poor givo their littlo with a pure heart, and that little would purchase nH many bles.sings as the gifts of the rich. But their inability to givo might be of their own fault. Thore wore amongst them such things as extravagances and follies of all kinds. When God told them thoy must give what remaineth to the poor, He did not moan when the cravings of tho human heart had boon satisfied, but what remained of the necessary oxpenHos of thoir social life. By giving to the poor they wore dis posing of their property in tho best way. li Givo and it will be given to you,' says Our Lord, ' full measure proRsed down and flowing over.' ' Go,' said their 'Divine Saviour, 'give to tho poor, and you shall find treasures in Heaven.' His Lordship trusted that it would be the privilege of them all to hoar those blessed words at tho last day : 'Como, blossed of My Father, possess the kingdom which has been prepare 1 for you.' He addressed thom that day on behalf of a body of men who wore animated by a spirit of pure oharity, who recognised the highost duty of their Christian pro fession , to extend tho hand of kinduosH, of succour, to the poor and suffering people. They recognised Doithor creed nor class, rank nor position. Inspired by tho example of thoir great patron, St. Vincent do Paul, they wont first into those places where poverty a-ud sickness held sway, and they were thus enabled to use discrimination and judgment in the alleviation of listress. Their contributions would bring relief to the wretched, would bring the blood of life to many a pallid oheek, and would bring relief to many a dis tressed soul. Ho claimed from them that genuine spirit af Christian charity whioh had always distinguished bhe good people of that parish. By extending to bhe Society of St. Vincent do Paul their charity they would win for themselves hereafter a crown of over Lasting happiness. 