GENERAL NEWS. Dentistry.—In another column it will be seen that Messrs. Eskell & Taltersal! will visit Mount Barker and Nairne professionally every two months. This old- established firm is likely to be well patronized by persons desirous of receiving skilful treatment. Stbathalbyn Masonic-Hall.—The cere mony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Masonic-hall to be built in ooneclion witb the Lodge of St. John, Stratbulbyn, will take place next Friday afternoon, 22ad inst. A banquet and concert will follow. A Large Sale op Cattle.—The date of the cattle sale advertised by Mr. John Palt ridge to be held at Mount Barker on the 23rd inst. has been altered to Thursday, May 28. The number oi stock to be offered has been increased to 730 head, making the largest mob which has been submitted to auction locally, aud the cattle are said to be the best lot that have left the South-East for many years. Letters Unclaimed.—Letters bearing the undermentioned names and addresses await claimants at the Q-.P.O., Adelaide:—Thos. H. Bell, Murray Bridge; Miss Eva Cleve land, Mount Lofty ; W. J. Cock, Willunga; W. Harris, Woodehester; J. H. Lewis and Miss Evelyn Jones, Milgunyab, Mount Lafty; Mrs. Macpberson, Port Elliot; A. Miowitz, Bluinberg; Miss E. B. O'Reilly, Sandergrove ; and Captain R. Strang, steamer Maggie, Goolwa. Mount Barker Board op Ajdticb.—At the meeting of the local School Board of Advice on Saturday, 9th inst., all the members except Mr. J. D. Hill were present. Mr. E. Hender was reappointed chairman. The Mount Barker schoolmaster wrote asking for some repairs to be done ; to be attended to by Messrs. Chapman and Treleaven. The teacher at Bugle Ranges also aeked for repairs to be effected ; to be seen to by the chairman. The Inspector-General notified that the Mount Barker School would be examined on Monday, 18th inst. Ministers in the Encounteb Bay Distbict.—At the invitation of the members for the district (Messrs. King O'Malley and W\ A. Carpenter) the Premier, the Treasurer, and the Minister of Education will visit the Encounter Bay electorate next week. On Wednesday the party will be at Port Elliot, returning in the evening to Goolwa, where they will sttend Mrs. Craig's reception and a concert. Victor Harbor will be visited on Thursday and a number of deputations received, and thence the Ministers will drive to Vunkalilla, where addresses wiil be delivered iu the evening. A Ghost at Woodside.—One night last week, while wending his way from Woodside to his country seat, a local poet, who has had the honor of having a jubilee ode acknow ledged by the Queen, was astounded to behold a vision iu white approaching him from the WeBleyan Cemetery. As it drew uncomfortably near he made frantic dashes at the figure with his stick, all of which seemed to pass, as it were, into nothingness. Next came the " sepulchral tone" business, but just then the ghost collapsed, having inad vertently hovered too near a deep gutter, and a sheet rolled off, disclosing something decidedly human. The poet sprang forward like a tiger and got two or three good blows in, while the ghost, snatching up his raiment, incontinently fled. The most distressing part of the occurrence (our local corres pondent remarks) is that it will form a new theme on which to "-build " another poem. The Tbade and Wants op Goolwa.— Repairs and alterations are being largely carried out in connection with (he river steamers at Goolwa preparatory to the coming season. The steamer Cato, owned by Messrs. John White & Co., of Sydney, has been overhauled on Craig's patent slip and bad a large number of bottom planks taken out and renewed, while the whole of the fore deck has been taken up and replaced with kauri, and the machinery has been overhauled and repaired. She left last week for Bourke in the charge of Captain Daniel Creamer. The steamer Shannon has all her machinery taken out, and Captain Freeman, her owner, has purchased the powerful machinery from the tug Stanley, which was all delivered lust week. The Shannon is being placed on the slip and having extra girders put through her in order to carry the machinery. The Murrumbidgee is also to be refitted and is waiting her turn to have the use of the slip. The Victor has been at Goolwa for the past month under repairs, her new machinery being of the latest compound type, and she will be finished in about 10 days. Other steamers are getting ready for the wool season. It is years since such extensive repairs have been effected locally, and the wharf and Craig's slip have during the past few weeks presented a busy appearance.— A meeting of the ratepayers of Goolwa was held in the institute-hall on Saturday evening last to consider the various wantB of the town. Mr. C. W. Neighbor, J.P., the mayor, who presided over a large gathering, sai'l he con sidered that this part of the district had beeu neglected in the past, and he hoped it would be better served by the present parliamentary members. There were a great many wants, and he pointed out that ou the wharf a 10 ton crane was badly required. At present machinery could not be unloaded, as they had no means to handle move than 30 ewt. Last week some machinery weighing only five tons could not be unloaded, and the owners were put to the expense of getting a crane specially from the Fort. At Morgan and Murray Bridge they had the means to unload heavy weights, and he would like to see similar cranes at Goolwa, which was the chief port of loading. He also brought up the matter of the wharfage now charged ou firewood. The farmers, who depended largely on the sale of firewood to the steamers, would he all stopped if the wharfage were enforced, and he would like to Bee it taken off. If the steamers did not obtain their wood at Goolwa it would be a loss to the town, but if the wharfage fees were continued the steamers would get their wood on the Murray Flats. The demurrage on machinery brought to G-oolwa by rail was a great injustice and should be refunded. The railway had no meanB to unload the machinery, and he did not see why demurrage should be charged, as the machinery wbb un loaded as soon as the crane was sent out. Other matters were explained by the mayor, and the meeting agreed upon the following wants:—A 10-ton crane, for the use of G-oolwa and Port Victor only; the exercise of care in the conveyance of fish to Adelaide; alterations to the Goolwa railway-station; attention to the old dredges ; local work to he done by local tradesmen ; no wharfage to be charged on firewood; and the demurrage on machinery to be refunded. The under mentioned gentlemen were appointed a depu tation to wait on the Ministry and members to urge the wantsThe Major (Mr. E. W. Neighbor), Councillors T. West, A. Dowlnnd, J. Packer, and F. J. White, Town Clerk, H. J. Chrystal, Captains F. Payne and J. and G. Ritchie, and Messrs. T. Goode, J. T. Under wood, and M. Richards. Meeting at Poet Eliiot.—A meeting of the residents was held in the Port Elliot Institute-hall on Monday erening to discuss matters in connection with the intended visit of members of the Ministry and others on May 20. About 40 persons attended, al though the weather was very unpropitious. Mr. C. H. Hussey presided, and Mr. W. H. Carpenter, M.P., was among those present. An influential committee was formed, from amongst whom a deputation is to be chosen to represent the wants of the town, to wait upon the members of the Government on their arrival, and to make arrangements for the visit. Among the principal items to be brought- under Government notice are:— Extending the railway platform and utilising the goods-shed, a steam motor to run between Goolwa and Port Victor during the summer months, opening a road from Liptroth's store to the beach, and shelter-alierls near rocks. At a meeting of the general committee which followed Mr. C. H. Hussey was unanimously elected chairman aud the Rev. M. Harris secretary. " Newstapeb Peess Directory." — Messrs. C. Mitchell & Co., advertising con tractors, of Red Lion Court, Fleet-street, London, have sent us a copy of their " News paper Press Directory" for 1896, this heing the 51st year of issue of this valuable publi cation. The cloth-bound volume of 500 pages, which is sold at 2s., contains parti culars of every newspaper, magazine, review, and periodical published in Great Britain (a map of the United Kingdom, showing the towns in which papers are issued, accom panying the " Directory "). The Continental, American, Indian, and Colonial journals are dealt with in a special supplement, while an alphabetical index to the class papers aud periodicals is given. An appeal to English business men in favor of the colonial Press will be appreciated by Australasian proprie tors. The article on " The Law of Copyright and Libel" by Mr. Hugh Fraser, M.A., L.L.D., who succeeded the late Mr. W. F. Fiulason as legal editor of the " Directory," is one of importance to every journalist. The '' Bibliography of the PresB," a new feature introduced in last year's edition, has been revised up to date, and Miss Laura Smith,'a well-known lady writer, contributes an article on " Fifty Years of "Women's Papers and Magazines." Much that is valu able to business men throughout the world is contained in Messrs. Mitchell's excellent pub lication, the' work of compiling which is a great credit to the editor, Mr. Walter Wells man, F.R.S.L. 