.Werdfcnbi- , (From: a Correspondent.) The residents of Werombi evidently bad more rain than what fell in this district. Just now, their crops look magnificent, grass is abundant, and .vegetable are plentiful. Things have not looked so bright in this locality - for years, land farmers go about now looking quite jolly. One of the dairy men, Mr.L. Williams, isnow making lOOlbs of butter weekly. During the dry weather, he was making* BOlbs weekly. 'Havilah' is undoubtedly one of the best all round farms within 100 miles of Sydney. Some of our clergymen have good pros pects of. business in the matrimonial line at Werombi; On Sunday nights, young men may be seen wending their way home, sadly lamenting that the hours pass too quickly away when in the society of their adored ones. The Werombi ghost has become ' a thing of the past'* -owing-' to the scare the spiritual visitor (?) received! The would-be ghost, wrapped' up in a white sheet, went forth one night' to paralyse a young man whose V' i V ... buMiless was to teach ' the young idea' how to shoot.' Instead of the young man going o$ in a dead faint, he deterrsinedly chased his ghostship, and was atnused to find the ' spirit' wearing a black pair of trousers, revealed when the sheet went flying .about during the exciting chase. Ghost- playing is a risky business, as bullets are sometimes used to test ghosts. The bridge at Blaxland's Crossing (for which' tenders have been called) will pro bably be completed before the end of the year. It will be ten feet higher than the old bridge, and cost about £1,400. This i bridge will be an immense boon to the [ Werombi and Penrith folks. It was through the continuous efforts of Messrs John Kidd, 'Samuel Lees, and T. R. Smith, that the bridge has been granted. Our late member worked particularly hard for this bridge, and should be remembered at its opening. ' During the recent storm at Mr. D. Dunbar's farm a gentleman left his buggy outside and which was caught in the wind, had it not been for. the timely assistance of ; helping hands the buggy, would have been smashed to pieces, some trouble was how ever given, as the buggy had got a good start. 