AN UNEXPECTED GREBTIHO, on~riar,? "I AS vpry, very pleased Frank." Bessie Monteith said, twirling her letter nervounly between her finger and thumb, and lifting, as she spoke, a pair of seared blue eyes to her tail husband's face. Frank laughed, pinched the small round chin that finished the little face off very neatly, and said with droll gravity, "You need not tell me' that my dear, delight portrays itself too plainly in your expressive oountse nanoc. Just look in that glass, Mrs. Monteith, and admire your own radiant visage." Besaie looked obediently, and echoed her husband's laugh. " Oertainly, I do look rather dismal, but my face belies mi. Frank, I shall e.overy very glad to see your mother." "And not a bit frightened ?" "I do not say that," Bessie answered honestly. I am a-a little nervous of courde. It would be so terrible if your mother did not like me." "As to that there is very little doubt," the young man broke in with proud promptness, "I should like to see the man, woman, or child able to resist you for long, you blue.eyed witch," Beasie shook her golden head re provingly, but the flattery was very sweet, and soothed her perturbed spirits wdnderfully, She was a wife of only six months' standing, and her young husband's admiration was still to her the sweetest oe all esrthly things. They were a goodly young couple as they stood together in the fadio?g light of the short winter day. Young, handsome, and happy,-and so evi dently allin all to oos another. He tall, straight, and strong, with bright brown eyes, and chestnut hair with a crisp curl and a healthy bronze akin, She-small and slight, with yellow locks, and dark-blue eyes, surprised brows, and a lily.ekinned, ahort-fea tured, piquante, little face, a childish creature, hardly looking the lull, rum of her nineteen years. And yet for all that baby look of hers Bessie Iledfern had borne the burden of womanly care and known the sharp sting of womanly sorrow' before she become Frank Monteith'e happy wife. She was leading the (lull and hope less life of a nrrss.ry gorerness when the barrister firat croesed her path, and yeong as she was she thought that the oun of life woas sot, that there remained only the dull anguieh of memory, the patient endurance of panl. Perhaps it was that queer look of pathetic patience on the emall fair lace that seemed formed for sunshine and arch smiles that firat attracted Frank's attention to the black- robed young guardian of his friend's unruly little girls. Certain it is that he was attracted from the very firat, and her story as he heard it from Mrs, Oral ton's lips added to his first tsmpa. thetis interest in the pale, pretty stranger, a pity that was dangerously "akin to love." " Ah I poor girl, hers is a sorrowful story, My heart qruite bleeds for her," Mrs, Crofton said in answer to the young man's leading qoestionr. "I always say that Besie P Bedfern is quits a heroine of romance. I am rather fond of telling her story to anyone that will listen." And the lady sipped her tea with an air of pleasnut expectation. She was decidedly proud of her narrative poweers, end gueeised that an invitation to tell tha etory in hler own inimitable fashion would follow on that hint. i?Jis Btedfern was worth her full salary of twenty pounds a year in the chlarcter of lay figure only; a fact that Mrs. Croltou aecretly admitted, thoogh ehe worked ner none the loss hardly in her other and avowed character of nurecry dredge. Bat thin time tIe request wan long in coming. Frank Monteith had no great liking for his friend's wife, the faded, affected weoman, who had been a great boeaty, and wan now only a would-be-clever bore, who loved to re late the most trifling circumstancee with an afllnence of detail and labored attempt at epigram, inoxpree. nibly wearicomo to thoeo that were forced to listen to her. But it was not tIne epigrammatic infliction he thrnuuk from now; there seomed to Ihim eomethiung cold-blooded and cruel in cereiug up a girl's sorrowful story as the pi',jecn. relish to an afternoon tea. 8o he wan silent so long that Luey Orofton felt a little piquned, bet fenall tile strong interest, that he labelled curiosity, conquered a faint nnoeemennt of disgost, nod soad wilh almoat the requisite amount of fervour end men dacity : " Yonr historiettes are famous, inrs. C(rofton. I meet ask gou to favor me with thin." Tine ex- boannty evallowed the bait greedily, favored him with n most gracioun smile aind mnrmunred as she esttled haraelf more comfortably in her low clnair: "There is no need to flatter me, Mr. Montith ; if George himself were to tell yon the story he eonlnl hardly spoil ite pathoe, thoughl I doubt if poor dear oeorge could put so many words together." "iIe would not waeto se many on a foolish preomble,' woo Frunk'e u grateful nud irreverent inner comment, rand in hin heart ho wished that ho could gather the plain forte of the case from George Crofton'o honcot lips; but what would p6or old Goorgo bo likely to hnnw obont .)ir wile's gocer. nero, espeocilly or hint lady rarely bestowed hror urnate norrativer on hIirr, whlen ahlo could by Ihooki or orook eoncro nry more iintereotinRg liOtenrer. ,ut likn a wino man IrFronk kplt io thourglhto to hrimeelf, nod Mrs. Orofton pronended with hler otory. "Poor Heonin Redhern I you would hardly think to oco hior non,' how brightly liufo opened for Irer. We mot Irer rnd Iher fathro, Colonel fndfern, nt the Maxwoll'e loot nmmmur, ond tho ohildroen toole on immnoso fanoy to lir, a fortunato thing for her ao it happonoel, though it soomed to hrrvo no nort of rignificanoo at tho time, for oevryono thought the colonol a rich manu, and Berrio wos hie only and idoliced child, the sole enrrivor of a largo family. "Well, we grew intimate. I never liked the fther mnch. HTo weo a handsome old fellow of the Cule. faced military type, too grim cod stern for my teate, thongh Geor;eo end he got on very well; hut I took qoite a fancy to Becie, and no it rr.~o eei. dently a treat to have young children about her I left Ella rnd Buby elmoet entirely in her charge. It woo? on nr. rangement that cuited ne both very well at the time, as their maid fell ill just then." It was no very friendly glneno that flashed just then from Frank MIon. teith's bright eyes; hot atbsorbed in the arrangement of her sentencee and the contemplation of the peacock's feathers of her fan the lady went on complacently, unconscious that ehe was producing any but a favorable impreseion on her friend. "Well, ourfriendship lasted through the visit, and we parted with mutual regret and the hope of a speedy meeting; but you know the wtay of the world, Mr. Montsith. They took their road and we took onre, and I beard no more of the Bcdferns until I read in the paper one morning that the colonel had committed soicido." "Good heaveno i " Frank cried in a tone of genuiuo horror. " How terrible for that poor girl I" "Shocking, was it not ?" the lady agreed, smoothing the ruflleu at her delicate wriets '"but that wea not all. When friends who rallied round the orphan girl began to inquire into her father's affairs they found that ehe wse not only orphaned but penniless, Colonel Redfern'c account at the bank was overdrawn, and though he had left no debts the small sum of money in the hoose barely sufficed for tho expenses of his funeral. For Bossia there wue nothing." "Poor girl, poor child l" Frank muttered between his teeth. The intense nod passionate pity that eselled within him, seemed to rob him of all power of expression. He could only repeat thb same phrase, and soo in fnnoy the pale, grave little face, that heaven had made no eoronly bright. " Fee, it is a cad story," Brs. Crof. ton went glibly on, quite unconeoious of her companion'o preocoupation. "But Bepsio wan mercifully nncon. scious through the woart of these horrors, and I do not think that she quite knows yet the true story of her father's death. That she found him, whom she had left in perfct health and in spirits no worao than ueanl, dead, on her return from an afternoon call, is all she has told mo; but that cufliced to turn her brain." "And no wonder," Franlc aid gravely. "But, Mrs. Crofton, how do you know more than thisa uolobel ledforu's death, though euddeu, may have been natural." Mrs. Crorten laughed, and raised her painted shouldere till they touched the big pearl drops that dangled from her shapely ears. "Naturall It wven cortainly that, my dear Mfr. Monteith, no natural ao a doubly strong dose of presneiaoid could make it, The bottle he had drained wea actually found in his otiffoned hand and the girl herself must have coon it; lint she may think now that that wes bht a doliriono fanoy." "And no one would be cruel ensough to try and shake that belief," Frank naid, drawing a long breath, " It is an you cay, a rorronful story, Mrs. Crofton; but you have done your best for the poor unhappy little heroine. I presume yon wont to her at once 2" "Not--not exactly," Mrs. Orofton answered, with reluotant voracity. "The foot is, Gcorgo worried mo to ask her here on a visit; but I thought ehe would be happier and more at sase in her mind if I offered her the poet of nursery governess; and I was right, for the poor child accepted it at once, and with effusivo gratitude. Sho is not quite so anoomplished as I fancied her, and is a little dcficient in spirit; but I see no reason to regret her coming, and, so far as George is concorned, ohs is welcome to live and die beneath his roof," H? oaven forbid I" frnul oriod, witb such honest unsaloolating for your, as for over liegroacd him in his hootets's eyes. Ho oorld never toll whot impulos moved him to ouch mad Hpooch. He did not oven know that ho haId opokon aloud, until ha *Raw thoe aunry flush mounting to Mire. Crolton's brow, and hoard hor mtur mnr • " Wol!, roally, Mr. Montoith, Mien lodlorn 0ho1(ld be obliged to you." "What I what did I say 2" stare. etored tho unfortunate young man, at his wite' ond to find an explanation for his oxtremo ruoeness. But Mrs. Redforo, whoso vanity still smarted sorely, moroly answered with sn affected toss of her handuomo ho?d as ohs rose to her foot: " Yos had better ask Miis Rodlorn, who is here to answer for horsolf." And then sho cailed majostiomlly from the room, and Frank found him self alone witl the stranger girl, whoso story bad so thrilled and moved him. If he had boon confusod and tonguo tied bofore, his sonfision rodoubled itself. Ho woe not in love with Bossie lledfsrn yet. H told himnell almost angrily, it was imponsiblo that he shosld be so. Ho had kniown her only three or fear daye, and had talkod to ier perhaps hallf.adozen times; but as ho saw the pretty fair foeo flush and grow pals by turne, and ths olsler blue oyes grow dark and bright with earmool feeling, ho seorned snddonly to nundeortand tht hil fats woe sealed, that it wan no passing fanoy with which oho had inspired liim, but a real and lasting love. "Forgive mo Mioes Rodfors," hs began awkwardly enough, fooling deeply, and therefore expressing him self stiflly after the timehonoriied British foolhiOsi, but the girl field out both hands, with a queer little grate. fiil cry. "Oh no l I have to thank you. You were--eyou meant to be so kind." Thi blios eye l foil, it seemed no though kindneoss wore a iommodity that had not boon dealt oat too plenti folly of lato to the girl who felt it to keenly, Thoin terr.r were Eo meney eparks flung on the tadf of the young mniu'e ardent end ecciatble faucy. He murmured a ttheoueand incolhcrent cc pre-eeons of cympathy and regret, the pity that etirred his worm hert clono dangeronely i1 hi. ie dark yce, e.nd coftened his rich, fjll roico. The two young etrangere drew together in thL't hoar, and from then wee confidntes and fri-nd,. Of course, it all coded en crbh thinge do end. The triendehip changed inerneibly to romneting warmer and more sweet, and Mre. Crofton a little letcr was horrified to eliercover tiht in enitertain ing her Lucband'o friend clio had eocured a lover for the girl who wAe not only a etendiog aidrertisement of her benevolence, bot the chiepeet and meet useful governees sloe could get. Tier iidigu?tion brought matters to a crisis end hastened the catastropho dhe moso wkihed to def:r. .Neither Frank nor Beosie hod cunteneplated an immediate marriage, for hiia mninno were emnall and Lie prospects at the bar indefinite, but when Mrs. Crofton in shrill tones and with angry eyes tared him wlith a discreditable flirta. tion, and talked of diemiseing the girl who hod indulged in tech bneneth her roof, he cast prudence to the wintdo, and proudly everring his engagement, anuounced hie intention of cloimineg his wife at once. George Crofteon, a ,good-natured, wecek-minded man, completely under Lie wife's thumb, eos recretly do. lighted at the turn aiffira hbd taken, and though he dutifully ehook his head end looked solemn when hie Anrelia talked earcostically of "mar rying in hiaste, repenting at leoluro," end so on, he took every private opportunity of arsuriog the young eonplo that he greatly admired their spirit, cnd oven volunteered to give the bride aeway. And so nrged on alike by friend and foe, Frank Meonteith and Beosio Tod fern took the all important and deci sive etep, and boldly fsoed the world ao man and wife on an assured income of a hundred a year and all the mong nificont possibilities that the world held for the young eyes that saw its dim vista through a Lender rony haze. A mad marriage, Mrs. Croeton balled it. h rash one it certainly was, but as yet it had turned oat cell. The six months of bridal joy had boon clouded by no pecucniary caren, Frank's first brief had come to him in his honeymoon, and he had besides scoured enough literary work to "heep the pot boiling and the grey wolf from the door." lb told Beeeie with a bridegroom's fond folly that she had brought him look; and she, believing this, wae happier aven than ehe had been be fore, and half forgot there wae such a thing as tronlule in the world, until, with the coming of the Chrittmans week, there cname to her a coldly polite letter announcing a first visit from her mother and eioter-in-law. cBrt?'IEI Ir, " She must think the honse pretty, I think," Beossie enid, with a little sigh of contentment, as she eat herself down on the low velvet ohair by the window, and turned her blue eyes brightly round the room. Very fair and radiant she looked in the light dress that chowed the gold of her hair, the eoft, vivid tints of her complexion, and the dark blue of her eyes to the fullest advantage; a knot of holly shone redly on her breast, she hold another in her pretty slim honds, and a very bower-of greenery lay sprinkled at her feet. Frank, leaning with folded arms on the bank of the chair, was struclk anew with her fresh ohildish beauty, oven the prim pretty maid, who had brought the evargresna in, and now stood by waiting for further orders, eyed her young mistress with curious, half:admiring eyes. "I wonder what mankea her so bright to-night," she thought with a diecroetly suppressed smile ; "if it in all becauns her lhusband'sma is com ing, she is the queerest young lady I over came anrosa," But Beasie herself could not have given a name to, or assigned a ouaun for the intoxionation of eoiteomont that possessed her. Afterwards in doel--but of that " afterwards" ehe know nothing. Shi had conquered her first fear of Mrs. Montoith's visit for Frank's sake, and now she is all eagerness for the time of her arrival to coma. "Yes, she will think the houss pretty, and eome of its furniture too," Frank ansvaored coolly. "I should not wonder if she were to inoludo yoe among the artiolan caling for admira. lion, Bons." Bessie laughed, and rubbed her pretty golden head against her hue. band's shoulder; but the blue ayes that wandered out over tho snowy common on whish the quaint, subur bani oottage looked, were very thought. ful, as shi said slowly in answer to her husband : "But, will she like me, Frank P I shall love her so dearly if shia will 2" " My dear little dreamer, she is net absolutely devoid of taste; so of course she will like you, if you meet as strangers in a strange land." " Ah I but I am her son's wife, that is a very different matter," Beseis answared, with more shrewdness than she knew of. "However, I will not despair dear. She must be kind and good, being your mother, and so--" "Kindness and goodness enoountoer. ing, will roaloeos," Frank finished with a parenthetie pinoh of the soft dimpled shook. "But this bandying of compliments between a married pair of six months etanding, is die. graofaully unoonventional, Mrs. Mon. teitln. In all right and reason, we ought to be hurling sarcasms at each other's heads." "I doa't mind a ohair-eushion, i am afraid a naroaem is beyond me," Bosnis said, demurely; and Frank laughed at the flippant answer, de. lighted to have ohanged, ac he thought the current of her idean. But she returned to tier theme with aggravating porsistonoy ; and this time her questions were oven harder to parry than before. "And yoaur sister? "nho said fald donly, lifting her eyse to his, with whnt looked like eerarhing sorutiny, ,illl she like me, Frank?" " PJnu8 tihere, child I You cre eca dering into tlhe segionr olf the unknow able I " he ? rid, iifing his hLnds end Leye C tilth i IC.Ci-coli dimoay. "I doi not believe that cny pereon living eon ncewc for Cefilde'e likecs end die like.?, and I lezEt of all pereouE." "hShe is very clever, is ehe not ? " "Well, ye I it is the feehion to think her eo." "And very ....-bautilnl " Frenr' ro~o, end moved towarde the window, looking out cr1oss the dreary wsEte of Enow over which the atter noon shadows were falling feet. "Yes--once--" he enewered loaly, and etn though it hurt him to spepo the words, " but poor Casey is a roi C now, and I think shek lays the ruin of her beauty and her halppinese at my door." "At yours 2" B3eesie broke in in dignantly. " Then whatever else ehe may be, I know eke is cruelly unjuet." " And would you liot be as ui{ijat in her case, you impetuoue little mortel 2 SutppDto some one had proved my unworthines to you 2 " " They could not do that," the girl broke in, with fread and caoger loyalty. "But woo there a romance thlei in Coeildo's life 2" "A eorry one, my dear, cnd one that must Itovo left a perpetual eting lug ptin in to proUd a girl's memory. Cecilda maode the ecqtuiintance cif a showoy owiiidler at come watering placo, aid woos 0o tasolitely infatu ated with the man that tut tor my timely iappearance and accide.ntal die ,every ot his autecedonto she would undoubtedly have been wedded to him and misery by now." There followed a brief cilenes, in which Frank's thoughts were busy with troubled memories of the post, and esseie's fancy with tits girl, whoao love story had been so muaci less happy thtan her own. With her hands elaeped on Frank's strong arm, her head pillowed on hia shoulder, she felt co safe in her own happy haven that her heart warmed compas sionately to tompeost-tossed wanderer, whose hopes had bieen so eruolly wrecked. "Poor Caoilda I" ose whispered tenderly. " We will try to maks hel happy, to win her love, Frank," Frank's eyes answered for him an he stooped to kise the pretty, pitiful faeU; but he only eaid lightly: " Suacoes to your pretty plane, my dear. And now, Mrs. Monteith, be kind enough to disncse buoinese matters like a prantical busines woman. In the first place how much moauy does that wonderfal each-box contain ?" "Very little, I am sorry to say, my C dear. I have not been extravagant, Frank, but somehow the oxponseo have been heavy lately; and so?-" "And eo you find yourself in etrait sned circumstanoen at a period of general disbursement," Frankc fin ished, gravely. "Poar little woman, no wvonder you looa so portentously grave. Fourtonatoly, I am rather in funds just now--and so-open your hands and shut your eyes, and seO what fats will send you." B-eseie losed her blue eyes tightly, and felt that her, fingers wore oad deuly oloased over something suggest ively crisp and rustling. " May I look 2" she cried, eagerly, and then, "Oh Frank I two ten-pound notes. Are these for ms 2" "For you and yoa only. No need to look so seared, child ; I can afford your Ohristmas present, and you have earned it well. Ba far from being ox travagant, you are the best and most thrifty of small housekeepers, and may spend your savings with a light heart." "Bitt how 2" Besoie argued, in a delightful little flutter of pleasnre and perplexity. "I have everything I want, dear." "Yon moot wonderful of women," Frank put in, arching his blank brews. "I thinkr I may exhibit you all over the world as the girl who eould not find room for a now dress. Its utter novelty would make the show attrac tive, and I should soon retire with a modest competence." Boeio laughed at the absurdity ef her husband's words and looek, and answered with aheerful alacrity. " Oh I 1 can find room for dresses, as many and gorgeousas yen please, and sines you are so very generone," drawing the tall head down to the level of her pretty red lips, and ri wording the generous giver with a gratoful kiss, "I should litre a long peliscas trimmed with lovely fur." Frank war delighted with the timid sonfesnion of feminine covetonsness heroically trampled down, doubly de lighted because he could gratify it at ones. "And you shall have it, vanity. Like Tennyson's hero, I love that beauty should go beautifully, and would have my pretty wife look her prettiest in my mother's eyos." Bessie only doubted whether the costly apparsl of a penniless bride would enhance her beauty in the eyes at a mother naturally jealoas of her son's affuotion and expenditure; but she said nothing, and it was soon settled that Bessie should make a shopping expedition to town on the following afternoon. "Thee when your mother and Oasilda sos mo in that large and ims posing garment, I shall look more matronly, and they will not think ma eush a ehild," tUs small oreature oried, drawing herself up in a stiff rehearsal of the dignity to some. Whereat Franlr laughed and told her he now nuderetood why she had ohoson that sentry-box'of an overall in preference to something more suited to tier nice. They played with the idea, after the fashion of light- hearted young people, and laid their plans for thie ooming Ohrietmae as gaily and hopefflly as though there lurked no shadowy fear of her new relations in the basliground of Bnesie's thoughts, an though Mrs. Monleith was sure to take her now daughter to tier heart, as though iansilda cauld by no possibility he die. agreeable, as though no stormaclouds with power to crush tier could or would gather in the stoel bluo wintry sky, "Malts a good purmohase," Fraul cried gaily, as the yaonng pair parted at the little gate, in the crisp bright wintry sunshine of the neat morning. "And he at Oharing.0roes etetion in time for tbe five o'clokl train," Bewio goil promiced obedience, r.nd the young moo started off on his walk to tho etation, turning bhck as he rmahcd the cosnor of the rood, to wave a cheCry flrowoll to the Ctill wotching girl. Somehow her fEoco cbd figulo ano Elto utood there in her pretty wo.rm dreo of dork rod, with the feathery golden curls blown bock from the emooth brow, cud the bright corna tion iunto of chock and lips, cnholucod I by the lbiEE of the keen wind, printed iteolt indelibly on lhi memory, nod woo doomed to etond there in cruel onutrost to a pictuare yet to come. "Heayven blere her; h loobbke happy, ns though nhe had not a core in the world," he murmured, an Ihe turned away; "nod do Eoholl cct have one if my lovn con oicid'l hlr-r my pretty, loving, innocent Icflo." le woao thinking not of bin proud, just mothor, w!hoso henrt ha kneow to he sound nd rnrm at the core, and of h.loeo fdol oul,juegei.n he entor tainol little doubt, but ,f Canilda, timo pros ld, poasnio ncte cister, worb e noad lole L luiol thwnorted, cl.o when b:o last naw her had uworn never to cpcal: to him again, who wao now coming an uninvited guest beneath his roof. " r wish I felt quite euro of GCnoey" he crieda with an uneasy, would-bo oontemlptuous laugh at his own hoontig foar. " She ic just the girl to plan some molodromatic vengeance or beer a groodge ogainst my poor Bese because I thwarted her. How over I shall be en my guard, and if-" Hie handoome face was dark and threatening as he uttered the last words, but suddenly, no though struck by eome absurdity in hic defensive musings, he gave himself a vigorono haoke, and cried with Lrighltenieg looks, "but I decerve anything that happono to me, conjuring up moalc terrors in this fashion, beoucto poor Caeilda hos a movement of Ohrietian oharity, and ehooses to make up our quarrel at a period of general peace. Her troubles have boon heavy enough, poor girl; I need not add to them by my mietruot." And meantime, while Frank Mon teith thus resolutely argued down thme stubborn uneasiness that beset him, Beosie made her way hook to the house, like a girl in a happy dream. The crisp exhilaration of the brilliant winter day eot her young pulses bounding, and filled her with an innocent unrefleoting happiness. She felt that it was good only to live, to tread the crisp earth with light elastie stop, to look forward to her life of happy duties and simple pleasures, to feel herself guided through all dangere by Frane's great and generous love. She had almoset reached the pictu recqus trelliced porch, that looked green and leafless still among its leafy neighbonrs, when hhe bename suddenly oonscious that some one woo walking rapidly up the path behind her, and turned, on a natural im pulse, to see who the early visitor might be. She saw a man, whether young or old ehe would have found it deicoult to cay, ho was muffled so closely in the folds of an old great coat, the collar et which was drawn up to his chin, while the large clouoh hat almost hid a pair of sombre, feverishly-shining eyes. There was something strangely dis comfiting in the look ei the tall figure, that as it drew nearer and nearer ceemetn more and more unaccountably familiar to Bessie Mouteith ; the brightness seemed to pass out of the day, and leh drew the soarf about her foes and throat more closely with a little involuntary shiver, though she had boon glowingly warm only a moment or two book. " How foolish I cml" she cried, im patiently; "it is seome man asking alms, or eubsoriptione, or----" She paused there, alltho pretty rosy solour fading from leer fanc, her blue eyes darkening with half-conscioes terror as tic man came up and ad dressed her; for though Ihis words were commonplaoc enough, his voice was as familiar to her as his aspeot. ".You are Mrs. Monteith 2" "Yes," she answered timidly, and just as his question had boon an assertion, the eager look of leer bright, frightened eyes made her ascent an inquiring appeal. "And you sore--Bessie i.eadtorn 2" "Yea," she whispered again, her eyes dilating more and more, her pretty parted lips growing pale. " Bessie--do you not kneov mo 2" He raised his hat as he spoke; tIhe wintry sunlight fell with clear, seareh. ing brightness on a worn and haggard but still darldy handsome face, a faeo that conjured up a thousand ashing and bewildering memories in Besaie Monteith's mind. Whore had she seen those perfectly chiselled features, those srombre, brooding eyes, and those short-waved lobke, whone soft bluo blelcauese was so thickly streaked with grey 2-only surely a dead man's faas--only in the far bank days of her untroubled youth. "Besis l" the voie, with its tons of half-angry, holf-pitiful appeal, had a srnelly familiar ring, "have you wholly forgotten me or do you take me for my own ghost 2" (To Ire eontinaeol.) 