DEVILS IN FRANCE. '-0- APPARITIONS AND OTHER THINGS. "The devil Is abroad in France:" This is now the cry throughout the length and breadth of that country. Never within the memory of. man has there been such a scare; never have there been so many blood-curdling stories of awful, supernatural apparitions. From these stories one would imagine that the whole infernal host and a bat talion or two of celestial angels had broken loose. We hear of Belial of Ashtoreth, of Apollyon. of several other uncanny and undesirable demons. We hear, too, of sylphs, of shapeless mon sters like incubi, of pallid ghosts, of fiery serpents, and of a marvellous woman, who is supposed to be the Vir gin Maly. Of sorcerers, too, and their strange doings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made their first appearance at Tilly sur-Seulle. All Europe heard of and marvelled at these apparitions, and finally they caused so much stir that the French Society of Psychical Sciences started :an investigation. Abbe Brettes went to Tilly. spent sev eral days there, and finally returned and made his report. Here is what this churchman and scientist says:-. "I am absolutely convinced that apl paritions were really seen at Tilly. I have obtained all possible testimnory on the subject, and the proofs that the apparitions were genuine are in contestable. Legenlds and tIradtions show that this region has been always haunted. A well known governmenut official, it is said. saw the Virgin Mary one evening wreathed in'flames. Ap paritions began to appear on Mlarch IS. and since then they have appeared several tlles dlaily. The school chil dren were tile first to see the Virgin Mary. and theil spread they sieal the story everywherel the result being that ili lmelnse crowds have been ctoming to Tilly. as mIany as 18,000 arriving on one single day. JMANY WITNESSES EXAMINED. " )uring my investigation I exalin ed more than fifteen hundred witnes ses, among whom were representatives of all classes and of all ways of think ing-magistrates. teachers. believers. and unhelievers. I closely questioned them all. andthey they told e the sae story. M'y conc- lusion is that we can. not dispute this evidence. The super eatural certainlyv exists, and defiecs mo. ter!alism and free thought. Thelse phi' nornena. appear to be iolth divine an | diahol!cal. If they camnot be ioth at the same tinme. then the dainolicll in fluence preponderates. for, while an angel of darkness clll assume the ual pc:nance. of an ingel of light. a: angel of light never assumes the guise of an angel of darkness. "I amn convinced that if the spot where these apparitions have appeared is thoroughly dug, we shall discover the ruins of a chapel or a convent, or of some mlonument dedicated to the Virgin. In conclusion. let me say that we should not lie surprised at the fre quent appearances of supernatural phllenomena in these days. Such phe nomena have appeared at all times. but persons paid no attention to them. To- day we are at the height of the re action against free thought ; the psy chebal sciences have made great pro gress and have greatly helped to arouse the attention of the men and women who have for some time been shaken in the faith of their childhood, and are now cominag back to honest belief after an era of doubt. The history of the world is full of such reactions." A little girl named Poliniere has al ready seen the apparition of the Virgin thirty times at Tilly. and touching is her description of the manner in which she feels herself Imhnpelledl by some mys terious force to remain ever near the spot where the wondrous vision ap pears. Sometinmes, in place of the Vir gin. appears chapels, statues. angels. and globes of fire. Out of the ground they seem to colnc.euveloped in a cloud, which gradually disappeiars, only to re main aga?li after the vision ha:s fully manifested itself. On Ascension Day two hundred witnesses say they saw a rosy cloud. while eighty say they saw a Calvary and sixty a cross. Some yoltu Ipersons. who tried to play on the credulity of the pilgrils,. fond l them selves hunted by three fiery bullets. at which they fired their revolvers in vain. Others say they have seen headless. bloody phantoms and have heard iuvis ible bells ringing: nay. one day a lion. devouring his prey. is said to have ap peared to a large number of persons. among them being a child. who was nearly frightened to death. AN EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT. uit here is a yet more extraordinlary incllent. On the robe in which one of tile latest apparitions of the Virgin was clothed were written four letters. Marie I.alne. whlo saw this visionl. loes not know how to .read. Shel asked some one to show her ail allphabet. which being done. sihe sttllghtiway pointed out the letters that she had seen oui tie Virgiin's rolbe. They were the letters U. S. P. Q. What could they mlean? This was.the question everyone asked. Among the others Abbe Brettes was puzzled until he re turned to Paris. for there he found a letter from Caon. saying that the hild den meaning of these letters had been revealed to a child in a dream. They are the first four letters of the fo.ur "atn words." nunt scellinum pini qunaeso," the meaning of whichl Is. "I am looking for a holy chlapel." Tile childi whoile made tillis discoveryv knows no Latin any iiore than Marie Lane, who first saw the letters. knows how to read. Tile savor of diniholsitI about this extraordina- - ithenomeonn has caused widespread awe. whleh is Inteisifled hy the inexplicanile condnict of a strange woman who has Ieen at Tilly for some days. Sihe is clotlhed entirely i n llnek. for whicih rieason she iskuown far and wide as "thle black wonman." aind rumor has it that shie sees most terrible sights. A pitiful sight shite is, so much does she sel to suffer. On her forehead are ever great headsl of perspiration. Her eyes are red with weeping, and at times her whole face is conyunlsedl- as thobh with horror at somei dialolleal visloii. Abbe Brettes questionedl her as-to her troulle, and she confessed to him that she was constantly bIeset with visions of Legion, who. blie It known. Is a most potent demon. Shie Iegged the abhe to free her from her tormentolr, a request whichi the ablle, though entirely willing, was unalle to grant, as Legioni, with demonfae persistency, declinedl to show himself while the albe was present. So "the black woman" still weeps, and shudders in the grip of the hideous demon. TIIE SOCIETY'S CONCLUSTON. Taking all these alleged facts into consideration, the Society of Psychiceal Seiences arrivedl at the following con clusions: 1\. The supernatural, as manifested at Tilly. Ihids defiance to all the laws of materialism. 2\. Certain facts, but only those which have been clearly proven, seem to ne of divine origin; others betray their dla bolieal origin. Therefore we must ad mit either than Tilly Is the ground on whieh a battle is being fought between the divine supernatural, and the diabol leal supernatural, or that all the phenomnena. of whleh we have spoken, are the result of a demonlae Intfluence. 4\. Finally, our practical conclusion Is thls:-That It is necessary to make ex cavations in the place where the apparl tions have appeared, so it is likely that thus we may obtain vlaluale elements of information. This is certainly a practical conclu sion. and many are wondering whether " the laiek woman's " frame of mind will change after the magical ground at Tilly has been thoroughly dug up. Few thlunk it will. "for shite is truly pos sessed." say they. "Did she not say a lady wleo was imploring the Virgin on Ibehalf of her sick child:-'Unhappy one,. what are you doing hIere? Go away at once. Your child will not be cured.' Twelve tapers were burning at a little distance from her, five of which had been placed there by the mother of the sick child. As 'the black woman' spoke a great black-winged butterfly flew among the tapers and extinguished the five, the very five placed there by the mournful mother. They were re-llt, but the monster butterfly appeared again and extinguished them once more." Very strange all this, but not more strange than the story of the haunted house at Valence-en-Brie. This house has been the theatre of inexplicable sounds. most mystifyinag being a voice, the owner of which has hitherto eluded all human eyes. For seventeen days this mysterious voice has been making itself heard throughout the house. now insulting, now terrifying, now pleading. Polleemen hare tried to find the owner, and the weird voice has laughed them to scorn. Dr. Pate, the family physi cian. has investigated, and the taunt ing voice has covered him with contu mely. Furniture has been smashed by the invisible destroyer, and after one wreck of this kind the voice shouted malleiiously:-"lhurrah. I am doing good work; I ant content with myself.' A curious explanation of this mys tery has just leen offered. Isabelle Pel lettier, tile servantIn this h louse, or cupied. it appears. two situations lie fore her present one. and in each of thenI occurred phenomepa somewhat reseimbling those now occurring in the haunted house. These phenomena. too, it is said, only occurred in her presence or lwhen she wa. near. Now, it is a re markable fact that in every so-rallcd haunted house there is said to libe either a sensitive younig girl or somee man who is suffering fromn a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange pheno inmna that oc-ncr inl such hlouses ire due to the presence of men with diseaied nerves, or. whlich is f:r more often tlhe case. of high strung young girls fronl thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of 31. de fRochas alnd of Ir. Iliradni- prove that Iwn is postsessed of a fluli envelope, which. ill its normal state. Is htit:ipiilliae and invisible. but which under known con dlitions -ann leave the body a:intl becom materialised, after which it impreg slate hnert blodles to sluch ian extent is to comunlllinic lte to thenl a sort of life. In the case of soein persons certain etlllvia esonlpe from this hfuid in the form of wn-ves. hecomling more intense when the subject is in direct contact with the ground, without tile interplost tion of Isolating substances. Dr. Blaadue has especially sh1owin.y ileanls of photography, that the phenomsenon of aspiration and expiration is tnani fested by thie cosmic substances with whilch this envelope is nourished. Knowing so amuch. and whether we believe that living visible beings are tile only beings on this earth, or that there are also other Invislhle beings. suc-h is angels. demons or innlbi, two pilansible expl:lnations cin bIe giveun of the phenomena occurring at tilhe haunt ed house at Valence-en-Brie. One is that the subject Itlpregnatesa with tile vital fluid whatever oljects lie approaclhes. These objects. then. ill a sense blecUme extensions or prolollga tions of his body. and when lie moves from one place to another they move with hinm. It is possible. too, that the simple contact of aln object charged with opposing electriclty may bring albout a returning current which will cause objects to change their positions. The smashing of furniture, then. could be explained by a violent electric shock. But we cannot in this way explain the Piresence of the mysterious voice, for, in order to produce this a mater Inlisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. The second explanation is very simple and will cause miany to smile. The ques tion is. May not :1 spirit it tihes obtain possession of this vital force after it has esnape-d from the human body, and may it not then model it and materhilise it and use it for his own purposes' The Kabialists and modern one"ultists SIe lieFe in the existence of elebucila-ry de monis, ind elilnt that they people the elements. aniong such detoltls being sylphs, gnolnes. undines. incnuhi and sal:slanders. some wanidering through sp'ace and endeavoring to Ibec-ome iu carnatled. tlhers behing ilecarnated, which latter are vitlons and imlperfect men. Occultists. ton, believe nla the ex istence of flndic plhantoms, known to the nllsients as larvans aud lesmurs. which love the steam of shed blood. and which flee before the edge of a sword. Only by dividing them can such fluidic coagunlations he destroyed. Dr. Bnarade holds that these phan loims are monstrous Droduc-tions, w-itt. out body or soul. and that they can he attracted by certain inv;lids, who are in fatal synmpilthy with them. and who thus enable thetm to drlig out for a longer or shorter tinle a tictitious exis ernce at their expense. They are. is it were, stlpplenlentary instrumlents of the invalids' instinctive will, their aim being never to cure bit always to mock and mislead. There Is a third explanatihon-tIhat the phenomena ih the hiiunhtl house are the work of a paecltisal joker. 1ittt if so. it is rather striange that the joker has not yet been anught. Aimong those who have studied psychic sciences the opinion seems to Sbe that Louise Pel lettler is tile author thotu'lh procbably unconsciously or nintenltionually, of all this p:plearent diablerie. On the other hand. Abbe ,echnllalelin. mwho ranks next to Dr. Plpous .os the most pirofounld ocecuitist of ucderu Limes. is of olilnion th:lt the residents of the Ilanteitll house have beetn ecn chanted Ily a sorcserr Ioclats re cently made certain esxperiments Is to the effects of enchanht- nent. lie pricked the lpologriaph of a cerllatlu peclson nil over wlilth a p1tn, and foiund that the Per os mtwhose photogriphi it was felt the pin-Dricks in Ilis own bodly. Roclhns sihnl:ly desired to prove that there is a1 good deal of truth in tihe old legeinds regarding the wickedness of soarclers. Now scortePrers flonrlsls to-day ln se-veral piarts of Flrance, and epecialtly in Paris. Brittany. lerry and the Uttsqne colutrt. They are. as a ruhl. sheliherds, trallmsps, nud ordinary fortute tellers of biotlh sexes. Among theli, too. are sev-er l yolung girls, and they aire especislly dreaded, for they are siupposedl to have the power of inflict ing unspeakable woe. Gypsies have also kelpt ip thle ascient Iiractlee of sorcery, the imost celebrated beling those of Hun gary, Bosnia: antd llusssi. Ablib Schnabelln hlas not spoken rash ly. Iie went to VTalenm-en-Brlci, itide a careful investigation. and only then esxpressed the opinion that the entire turmnoll has ieCn MIused by a sorcerer. A alan, knoa'n to lie a sor?Tre: lives in the neiglhborhood, and. ncecording to the nhbe. his tluitd Iody or that of some other sorcerer has the powner of freeing itself fromn the material body at will. and has in tlis instance done so in order to annoy tile family in the haunt ed house. In this enlightened age a conjecture of this kind sounds absurd, ibut It is very pinuale when we compare it with other stories of sorcerers, and cspecial ly those cencerning human metamor phosis. Here, for example, is one told by Delancre,r a member of Parliament, who. in the reign of Lousla XIII., was commissioned to make an inquiry into the actions of the Basque soreecrs: "A gentleman of the Basqne counltry," he says, "returning from the hunt, saw a she-wolf, whose eyes seelnmrl to hlm to be very like those of his wife. ITe raised his gun and fired. The she-wolf, hit In the side. ran off. howling. "On his retnrn home the gentleman round his wife in bed. pretendlnug that sie haid hlut herself Iy" nheldsent. as she was out walking. The gentlemsan examilned te wound, and great was his amazement nwhen hlie found itn it some grains of shot of the satme size as ItO had used. "The- nihappy woman then confessed that she had been in the habitl of as sumingl the form of a she-wolf, witll tilhe oblject of tnaklg part in thile nlitches' revels, and that it was she who hS:d been shot by her hnshind. T-Ii r nl:lille wans the Lady of Urtnli. and smoon after this event shle was tried and blrned."' 