AFTER TIME BAFTTLE Ojp $eLo.Wt~ir khat Ol FLE3W 1flSr' I was lolling on one' of the wooden seats, and basking in the morning sunshine on La Croisette at c Cannes. It was fivre or six years ago. The blinds of the White fronted Gercle Nautique were carefully drawn, to pro tect-the complexions of the one or two elderly members reading the news-' papers in the big room; the little enclosure in front of the club was en- I cumbered with mountains of cane bottomed chairs, to be used when the military band played in the afternoon; i Rumpelmeyer's, best and most ex pensive ofafternoon tea-haunts, slum bered in the sunlight; and from the depthsof a grove of palms end orange trees in the garden of the Grand t Hotel the drowsy.- burden of ao Neopolitan song was wafted on the warm air.t The sea sparkled and flashed; the t yellow sunlight on the road and the I walls of the garden's made one's eyes 1 ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, and out by the green islands, the little 1 pleasure boots which are peculiar to Cannes -tacked -an :turned like sea birds skimming over the blue waters. Presently an old gentleman who was sitting at the other end of the bench began to talk to me. He was grey haired and distinguisdied- looking, and wore the small red ribbon of the I Legion of Honour in the button-hole of his tight-fitting frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although t an old resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with the town in the early days of its t popularity. But what interested me moit was his story relating, to the bigwhite villa on our left. It was a large house standing back from the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stone wall. There was a crass-sown lawn between the carriage drive and the parapet of the wall; and two or three big palms, the highest trees on the Croisette, threw their black shadows upon the rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly built, stately kind of house, but in the stiring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. ' You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height,' he remarked. 'It is ten yearsnow since anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever be occupied again. There are people who say that it is haunted.' ' And is it haunted ?' I asked. 'Perhaps it is haunted for the owners,' he replied enigmatically. ' Have you happened to remark the carvings on the gates? No ! Well, if you look, you will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both sides. The place belongs to the Imperial Family -to one of the Grand Dukes. ' Haunted!' he repeated. ' If it is so--and who shall say that such things may not be, sir ?-it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very un happy lady-the last person who ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quite young-two or three and twenty withthe splendid darlchairand glorious I eyes of the women of the South of France. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in. good health, she must have been one of the handsomest women in Europe. When I saw her, disease had already dulled the lustre of her eyes and hollowed the fullness of her face. I can remember her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown into her presence, as well as if it was yesterday. She was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in Sone of the front rooms looking out over the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. "'Am I so ill as they say, Doctor Y' she askd in a low sweet voice. ' Do not be afraid to tell rue the truth.' 'It was not a pleasant question to nanswer. I may say, that at this time I had some slight reputation for my a method of treating chest cases-I have long since ceased to practice-and a there could be no douht that there was c!est trouble here. I made my ex \- amination : hopeless-the lungs going like dry paper in a red fire, and a I consuming fever to fen the fatal flareqP. It was tihe horribly rapid destruction of a naturally strong cotnstitution that had received a death blow. She was doonred. Of course I did not tell her so; but I etnjoyed absolute quiet and thle greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. ''Shall I be well enough to be out on thIe day of she Battle of Flowers f she waked. 'It is on the 14th of March, you know. 'I told her 'hat this must depend on her caution ind patience. Then I promised to come to see her again and went out with the elderly, grey-haired companion. Yto may imagine that I put a good number of questions to this gr'ea-visaged lady. It is esoential to. a physician to he 'equsinted with the history of the case on which his advice is sought-the beginning of the evil, its course, and soforth. But precious little assissance did I obtain. My beautiful patient had evidently forbidden her dependent to give me any informatiob. She had no friends or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was living alone in the big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and 'not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but the taciturn companion. 'Well, sir, I made miy way'straight to the house-agents and bankers, deter mined to find out all 'that was possible i concerning the matter. The agent ao exceedingly able and obliging gentlemanri-2ould tell ine everything he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. "You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St. Marguerite,' said my friend, 'I wish to heaven you could tell us I We know no more than the man in the moot'. All I ;can, tell you' is - she is fabulously rich, and she has got us into a lot of trouble, sod lost us an aecount which we highly prized.' 'It appeared that early in the astumo the agent was instructed by the Imperial owners to find a tenant for the villa. Just abost Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it ; a provisional agreement was made-the negotiations to be held open for a fewt days. In those few days came a deepatch from St. Petersburg saying that the Grand Duke himaelf meant to - occupy the house with his young bride. The agent tried to break o0 the agree I ment, but could not do so. They had let the Mills, buiithe price wiinbt yet I settled. So they determined to gee rid u of Madame Gregory by a preposterous s demand. They named an absurdly hi large sum ; the lady agreed to it with out a word of expostulation, and theIh contract had to be signed. The Grand t Duke, it seemed, was furious, and- an t Imperial-and imperious-client was lost to the agency. SNow, sir, you will hardly credit it, but .fur three weeks I attended e y lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detective, questioning a-rvants, tradesmen &c.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friendship witti my poor charge-with out,-in theelightest degree, piercing the mystery whic'Wsurrounded her. 'It cot me to the heart to watch . this beautiful young creature fading away, alone and friendless-to realise that she was unhappy, that some crushing sorrow was fighting against the young life, side by side with the fell disease-and yet to hiave noclue to lighten the" darkness about her. VWhocan minister to a mind diseased I T badew thousand uoepscioousbthusever once made a guess within leagues of the troth, until one day chance liftd the veil. 1I was sitting - by her bedside, willingly -wasting an ' hour in the endeivour to brighten the sombre monotony of her long days 'by a little gossip of the untside world, when-as she moved restlessly- there fell from beneath her pillow a heavy trinket. I stooped to pick it up, and involuntarily examined it.' 'It was an exquisite gold-framed miniature set with precious stones, and surmounted by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But it was the face- the mau's face in the miniature -that startled me so violently..: I murmured the man's name as I handed the trinket back to her trembling hands. ' Yes. It is the' Grand Duke Gregory Gregorovicb of Russis, and my husband,' she said slowly, and then burst into a torrent of tears. The compat.iou bastened to her aide, beg ging and praying her to compose her self and to say no more. But I said, ' My poor child, tell me everything. Look at my grey hairs;I am old enough to be'your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life t Confess yourself to me, and let me help yeu if I can.' Well, then, sir, little by little her story came out-a story so common that you, as a Oman of the world, will probably have heard many similar. I will give you the briefest outli,.e, though, to me, the unhappy girl poured out her whole heart, and filled in every little detail of her romance with the marvellous power which comes only from deep feeling. 'This Russian was a scoundrel-a cowardly, cold- planning villian. I Scan't help being warm, air. He came Sto Algiers on a Russian man-of-war at Sthe time whrn the girl's father, a great r French contractor, was engaged on the s harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa abshove the town. a The sailor prince deliberately set him Sself to win the girl's heart. The weeks I rolled by, the ship should long ago t have sailed, but the Royal commander t lingered. One night they were married- solemnly, formally married Sin their own names, before the French a consul at Algiers. The girl had no I shade of doubt as to the validity of the Scontract; the man knew that it was f absolutely worthless. That, sir, is a Russia's Imperial method of seduction. 'Then followed desertion, excuses, t lies, and finally, the intimation that the Czar had refused his ratification of the union. Disgraced and dilshonoured, t her father and mother dying of the e hitter shame, the poor creature found ,, her way to St. Petersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and 0 arrived only to find the man who had ruined her on the eve of solemnising Shis marriage with asother woman. e She was standingin the snow, ont T side the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his face turned pale as he passed in towards the high altar. She was standing in the snow, outside the palace, whlile the marriage fest, pro g ceeded. Someone saw the desolate a black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, and she was driven away by the imperial Guards at the t point of the blyonet. SI shall see him once again, Doctor she said. 'Look you, the newspapers say be will be here before the first 1 Battle of Flowers. He wanted to bring her to this house. He does not guess a who is his tenant.' *I soothed her as well as I could. I know cow why she clung to the idea of being out for the Battle of Flowers and I let her tlhink she would be w-ll enough to be present, though 'I knew there would be no chance of it. 'Now see how strongly Providence, Fate, blind chance-call it what you will-orders things to pass. I shall never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white 0j dust was whirling along the Croisette e one of thoie horrible March days which we sometimes have here. I was taking D my little niece to see the flowers battle e and she was delighted with the music of the band, the beautifully decorated carriages, the rain of blossoms when parties of friends passed each other; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravagance of the whole business. ' My little niece and i passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that farther palm, when shoots and cheering further down attracted my attention t to an approaching vehicle. In a moment I recognised the splendid black horses-Romoanoffs-and the gaudy liveries of the servante. The wheels and body of the barouche, the harness l of the horses and box-seat were covered with white flowers-lilies-of-the-valley, white lilac, coheroses-the most expen sive flowers, costing thousands and. thousands of francs. The carriage was the success of the afternoon. It :had won the first prize- a gorgeous -'silk banner -and the Grand Duke Grigory ani his fair yonag bride acre in the most affable humour, bowing arnd laughing and flower- throwing with the greatest energy. 'Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. The white carriage came to a stendstill. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. Marguarite. To my horror a,,d amazement my patient was stansling in ihl garden, wit'l her hands on the low wall, sat'ing with fixed eyes into the Royal carriage. Suddenly he saw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, and stood staring back at the woman he had wronged with a look of deadly terror in his heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in lar hand;hut at the samo I moment a convolsive fit of coughling seised her. She staggered end reeled held the whito flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then hurled them in tihe manu's face, and fell back into the conmoanion's armns, while the carriages rolled on and the bride and bridegrooam the lilies and the lilea were spattered and stained by tier life's blood. Yes air, it was tine, was it not f I shall never forget it She was dead before I had crossed the road and entered the garden. Sudden lnemorr Ilage, &c.; SShe was buried in the cemetery over yonder-a wlhite sarcouphague, dominating the hill and harbour-we oughtto be able to see it from where we sit-smd deeply cut on one face of it (the face which points to Russia) the plain words, ' Here lies'-I won't tell you the name-' lawful and only wife of Gregory Gregorovitch, Grand Duke and Arch-Traitor of 'Russia. That was all. Bet the Czar heard of the insacription, made strenuous represents:a tion. and the French Government offered sycolphantia apologies, and chiselled it out-cut it clean away; so that if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks the resting place of a deeply-wronged woman. 'But I have wearied you with this narrative. "Sir, I have the honour to wish- you good: morning.'-' The SWorld.' 