A MOTHER’S SIN; OR The NorthcomDe Mystery, By Charles Gird wood. CHAPTER IX. UNDER THE FLAG-POST. To Margaret Grantham Blanche Foyle Vii • revelation of another world. She had had few friends, and her knowledge of Society had been drawn from her school days, and snoh oblique peons Into the ways of the world as may bo obtained from a rigorously-conducted "finishing aohool,” To this had been added the delightful tonr on the Continent with the Ingrams, and the walking expedition in North Wales. Bat the world of theatreB, the world of Cowes, ef Newmarket, of Henley, of Asoot, of garrison towns, of naval stations, was only known to lief aa a pleasant wickedness with whioh she had bnt the bowing acquaintance which oomes from reading the novels, especially the lighter flight of novels, whioh school girls may buy on their railway journeys. Mr* Cardingto* subscribed to Mudie'a, bnt the periodical box was always kept in her bedroom, while Margaret was supposed to feed her intelligence from the book-shelvss in the morning-i oem. Mrs Foyle had married a man who had money and racing and yachting taBtes. He had also liked to wander, and frequently took her for long voyages, beoanso he liked to be on board a luxurious liner. It strnok Margaret that there was a life with whioh Mrs Foyle did not appear to be acquainted the life of the drawing-room, of ladiea ef birth and culture; and indeed, the ■oolety with whioh her husband had been able to make her acquainted was of the rough-and-tumble type, whioh anyone may enjoy who has money to spend on boxes at the theatre, yachts, houseboats, hotels, and raoe-meetinge. Sometimes, Indeed, Mar garet was rather shocked at the reminis cences whioh Blanche poured forth, and in something, however bright and amusing, ■he was not quite satisfactory. For instance, Margaret was intensely religions—an "Anglo-Catholic” of an en thusiastic) description. Mrs Foyle would net even go to ohnroh on Sundays, and would play comio opera at unseasonabls times. She was apparently heathen, and didn’t seem to have even religions instinot. •« I oan’t think how yon oan go on with out praying,” said Margaret, pained at an omission whioh she oould not fail to notice and hoping a serious turn to a conversation might be fruitful or more reassuring. Mrs Foyle simply said, "I don't under stand anything about these things. You see, I was never tasght how to be a good girl. My dad, I am afraid, was as godless as I am, and my mother died when I was a baby.” " Then how were you brought up 7 “ How 7 I was not brought up at all. I found my own way up.” “ And you never went to school ?” *' Oh, yes, to a Board school. You see, dad was horribly poor.” 11 But you did not learn languages and musio at a Bsard sohool, and yon speak Frenoh well and play divinely.” '• No; I learnt French amongst Frenoh people, and music—well, I learnt mnslc somehow or other. I don’t think I remem ber how. It came, I suppose-” "And danolng!” " Oh, I went to a danolng-school.” Margaret looked at her oharge—for so Bhe bad learnt to regard her—with large, round eyes. To her the subject was a sacred one. She herself was a little too introspective and self-analytioal, and a ohanoe growth, a spontaneous development, were outside the religious empiriolwn of the devotional manual whioh waB her gnide to character. «• I do wish yon would tell me yonr story —all about yourself.” " My dear Margaret, It wouldn’t Interest yon in the least. I was born. I grew. I fell In love three or four times. I married. I ohnoked marriage. These are all the chapters.” !' All 7 ’ asked Margaret, quietly. '' Well, nearly all the ohapters. Let’s go and bathe, I think I was meant for a mermaid this hat weather.” t* I’m not sure that youfro not a mermaid, or semething of the sort. You don t seem to understand what religion, or responsi bility, or oare means. "No; nor domestic eoonomy, algebra, geology, oenchology, or any other ’ology. My eduo»tion w»b shamefully neglected. ’ " I don’t mean that. Bat, forgive me for saying it, Blanohe. Yon are a married woman, and you have done what to me seems the most serious thing possible. You have left yonr husband, and it doesn t seem to trouble you in the least.” "Yon think that rather fishy, St Mar garet ?” 11 Don’t call me * saint 1’ I’m not a bit of a saint; bat some girls seem to be so different.” " So they are. Now, I want to tell you a secret. Do you know that there Is a de lightful boat kept in the oave under the cliff ? I would give anything to go ont in that boat and have a swim in deep water. If only Diok were here, I’d get him to push it down to the sea for us.” Margaret somehow felt rather glad that Dick was not there. Mrs Foyle per plexed her, and though her fan kept her amused all day long, Bhe began to doubt whether this rebellions wife was the most desirable companion fer her. She deter mined to be very striot with herself in re gard to the duty of self- examination for the rest of Mrs Foyle’s visit. Her visit! She had been accepted into the zefnge of their home until her plans might be arranged. But not a word yet had Mrs Foyle said about her plans. She had now been with them ten days, but Mrs Foyle had not referred to her future, or appeared in the least solicitous about it. 8h« went dewn the zig-zag path with Mrs Foyle surveyed the boat In the cave. «< it wants a ooat of tar and a oonple of oars, and then we conld use it,” observed Mm Foyle. The werat of being a woman is that you oan’t get on long without a man. If Diok doesn’t come baok soon, l shall go and make love to the fishermen at North combe. It’« very Ignominious to be de pendant upon a man to do things that want strength and make yon dirty. I wonder if a ooat of aspinall would do in stead of tar. Well, boat or no boat, I must bathe. This oa7e shall be my dresslng t0“ I*had no Idea It was so large,” said Mar caret, who had not been here for many years. . "It’s a jelly eld oave, and I daresay smugglers used to find It ro In the old days. Let’s go up to the top and see whether the smugglers have left anything behind, them. The oave, whioh was broad enough at the month for a man to stand erect in it, narrowed after a few yards, and twisted m ita oourse to the left. Mrs Foyle, leaving Margaret to sit down on a rook, groped her way np the recess, and was surprised to find that when she reached what seemed to be a projection of rook around which she passed with difficulty, ia second inner oave yvas reached where all was darkness. She came back to Margaret and reported her discovery. “I must see what that seoond place is like,” she said. " Stay here while I go and get some matohes. It’s a splendid old cave!” What a strange, oareless ohild-woman she is 1” moralised grave Margaret. “ She is jost like a aohoolhoy home for a holiday.” Then 03me the thought; "I* Bhe good!” Fascinating, beautiful, vivacious, she certainly was, but Margaret was waiting anxiously to know more. Mrs Foyle went to the house, and the only servant she conld find was Hannah, whom she asked for matohe*. 11 Matohes, ma'am 7 Matches at tnu time | «f day 1 What do you want with matohesS' > Old servants may be inquisitive, but1 Mm Foyle thought she saw more than curiosity in the woman’s face, "Yes, matohes I To light my pipe with, «f oourse.” ... „ Hannah gave her s. box, laughing. Even the oould not take Mrs Foyle seriously. “ To light her pipe, indeed 1” aha repeated. "I wonder what miBohief ehe’e up to now? and what In the name of all that’s sensible took my mistress to take in this trlokey bit of baggage to go poking about in every corner of the place just now? I’ve no patienoe with the fool!” The “ fool” was Mrs Oardiugton, Hannah’s thoughts were hardly disloyal to her mistress, for she had more than onoe oalled her a fool to her face; Provided with her matches, Blanche Foyle went baak to the cave and once more disappeared. Then after a time she cried ont, “ Margaret! Margaret I” Her voice seemed a long way off, and Margaret followed, seeing that it was impossible to hold a conversation at such a distance. She found the explorer at the entrance to the second oave. ‘‘This,” she oried, enthusiastically, "is a perfectly charming old place ! I would never have credited you with keeping anything so delightfully romantio on yonr domain. Look ! She had made a torch of some newspaper she had brought with her, and now striking a match, exhibited the oave with all the self-s&tisfaotion; of a showman at some blood-oardling mystery in a village fair; The oave was, however, by no means un interesting. It was spaoions, lofty, and almost symmetrical in its proportions. Un questionably, it had the appearance of be ing the effect ef natural oauses; otherwise it would have been difficult to have ex plained the power whioh. had excavated a chamber in the hard rook, of whioh traces remained in its ragged walls. But it was possible that art and meohaniam had been brought to the assistance of nature. Mrs Foyle had a stiok in her hand and began to poke the wallB, as if to show that there was ho deoeptlon, but Bhe suddenly paused and sorewed up more paper for a fresh light. ' Look here, Margaret, this isn’t stone ; it’s wood. Listen! Why, there's a door of seme sort here, disguised to match the stone!” She pushed against it with her shoulder. “ A door 1” she repeated, staring at Margarat, “ and fastened on the^ other side. Where does that door lead to ?” Margarat, thoroughly interested now, looked at her in amazement. 11A door!” "Yes, a door, without a shadow of doubt, leading I oan't say where; but oertainly to some communication with your house.” “ Come away,” said Margaret, shivering in the obilly atmosphere ef the oave, ‘‘ I don’t like these mysteries.” "Bat I leve them 1” exolaimed Mrs Foyle, her eyes gleaming with exoitement. “It's just the delightful, creepy sort of thing I love above all things. Depend upon it,” she went on, following Margaret towards the daylight, " there is a glorious old subterranean passage oenneoting this oave with the house. Tell me, how old is your house P’’ h My father bought it thirty years or so ago from the man who built it. I daresay it is fifty or sixty years old.” "Who was the man ?” "An old sailor—Admiral Forteaoue.” " A smuggler in his eld age. I see it all. Your old admiral retired badly off, and made friends with the smugglers. He found this old oave, and scooped it out a bit to get more room. They ran the boat up at night, stored away the brandy, tobacoo, lace—whatever it was—and then he oama down and osrried it up his subterranean passage to the honso, and so drove it off to Exeter, or London, or Bristol. Capital!’’ Mrs Foyle olappad her hands in glee at the plausible explanation which her ingenuity had hit upon. Margaret, however, turned upoD her with an earnestness whioh almoBt seemedt fierce 11 Promise me, Blanohe,” she said, “ that yon will net breathe & word about this to anyone. Hy aunt Is so nervouB that it would, I am sure, make her ill if Bhe knew of it. It would set her imagining all sorts of horrors.” ■ Blanohe Foyle smiled. This was the seoond secret Bhe had been asked to preserve in the short period of her visit. But she made no promise. However, she was not one to put a matter like this out of her busy mind. A day or two passed without any reference to the discover;; but, if the truth is to be told, she had drawn a rough plan, in which It was shown that a communication C ran from a given point A—viz., the door in the cave—to the point B, at the bottom of D i.e., the turret stairoase. Of ths aoouraoy of this plan she was as certain aB if she had explored every step of the thirty yards or so for whioh the seoret passage, to fit in with her plan, muBt extend. Reconnoitring the garden, Bhe found that the old admiral’s flag-post wbb exactly over the site of tha seoond cave, and doubtless was used by him for signalling purposes. She would have done well to leave the theory thus beautifully elaborated to abide in its nn demonstrated completeness in her romantio mind; bnt. unfortunately, she must needs seek additional evidence. Margaret was unspeakably surprised when Blanohe one day at breakfast looked rather demurely at her plate and said : "I have been thinking, Margaret, that onr dayB ought not to be entirely wasted. I know yon nsed to be a Bort of perennial Santa Claus for the old and infirm people In the village. X am tired of being so selfish, and am going to visit the poor.” "What! You?’ " Yes, me 5 Is that grammar, I wonder ? I am going to Northoombe. I shall go to the shop and buy tea and tobacco in small parcels. Then yon will take me to a few of the moBt rickety oid paupers on your list, and I shall be a ministering angel with my ’baooy in one hand and my toa in the other. It will be rather a lark 1” "Blanche, I do wish you would be serious. Do yon really mean this?” Dlstriot visiting to Margaret was one of the serious things of life, and she naturally re sented the flippant tone of the new volunteer. “ I am in deadly earnest,” said Blanche, 111 want to help yon, bnt I hate woollen and flannel doles. Let me try to give the old things something comfortable. I suppose you wouldn’t let me take Borne rum?” "Certainly not. We only give wine when they are very 111, after the dootor hiB ordered It. But, if you are really In earnest, I am so pleased. It is so nice to find that yon feel for the poor——” Oh, of course. I’ve always had a sort of idea_I don’t know how—that, a« the bard _it George B„ or the other fellow in the ‘ Pink 'Un,' I wonder ?—well, as some fellow says, ‘The poor in the lump is bad’-” "That was Tennyson,” oorreoted Margaret, brightly, uplifted a little by finding her eduoation stand by her, after having been made oonsoions of her ignor anoe of English literature by the referenoe to the others authors. " Tennyson ! Well, perhaps you are right. But I have been thinking, don’t you know, that I ought to see something of the poor, not in the lump—because I don’t like the smell of corduroys in a crowded room—but in just a few chosen specimens. Yon will know the Bort." Margaret was oheered. After all, might It not ba true that Mrs Foyle concealed a genuine and kindly woman’s heart under her ontward display of thoughtlessness? Some good Christian people, she remem bered, will resort to all kinds of well intentioned hypocrisy to escape being ridiculed as hypocrites by the sceptical world. , „ , "Then let us get ready at once,” she Blanohe put her arms akimbo and danoei out of the room. Now Margaret had once seen a panto mime, Put Blanohe on the stage in the oostume of a certain fairy who danoed, and the air, the gesture, the very steps of this danoe' out of the room, would have com pletely produced the effect whioh she re membered. The visit to the village produoed equally strange impressions. MrB Foyle was taken to three’ cottages. In the first lived a querulous and rheumatic old woman, who roBe politely as soon as she saw her visitors, and awed Blanohe by placing a large family Bible on the table, the significance of which action the recrnit left ts the regular officer to perceive. A quarter of a pound of tea brought a glimmer of a smile to the wrinkled old faco. The second .visit was to Mrs Perriam, wife of the gardener at Flag-post Cottage. She was cheerful and resigned, and aooepted two paokets—one of tobaooe for her good man, and one of tea for herself. As soon aB the ladies had left this worthy person hobbled to her cupboard and produced a short clay- pipe, and proceeded to test the tobaooo for herself, and it is a lamentable fact that Perriam never tasted the flavour of this excellent packet of “Sailor’s Glory,” which had beon strongly reoommended to the benefaotor by the keeper of the village store. At the third house Margaret intro duced her friend, and then went off to pay an independent visit to the schoolmistress, leaving Blanche to strike ont for herself. Hera wss a perfectly ideal cottage. An old fisherman of ninety roosted in a high ohair at the fireside, and was elite d gran’dad.” A careworn-looking woman, with a large family of Blckly children, shared the room with him. “ Gran’dad'” was bright, and had a twinkling eye, but Blanohe was assured that he would never be better than be was in this world, for “ his atnmmak’s wore eut.” There was a preposterously large blaok tom-oat called “She" and a jackdaw attached to the establishment, and an ocoaBlonal bark and a snarl disclosed the presence of a small dog in a cupboard by' the fireplaoe. When Mar garet, aooerdlng to agreement, returned to this cottage, she found ‘' gian’dad " with a long clay pipe between his toothless jaws. The tea had been made, and Mrs Foyle had joined the family in a enp, She had the baby in her arms and the reBt of-the ohildren all ronnd her, and was singing them a song with plenty of “patter” in it, while the old man nodded with his head and kept time with his feet. It was a pleasant bat wonderfal sight to Margaret, who had never been able to obtain mnoh influence over this family. Mrs Foyle finished her song, and promised to oome again. “ I like them best of all,” she said, as Bhe and Margaret walked away. “The old man 1s very- oallons and In different to all good advioe. His sen—the poor oreature’a husband—is an inveterate poacher. The woman is well enough when she is sober.’’ 11 Never mind I I oan get on there. Yent respectable people are too sanotlmoni ons. These blaok sheep don’t try to hum bug me. I shall go and see them again.’’ And as soon as the old man, assisted by his son, had worked through the tobaooo, and the tea was rnnning short, behold 1 Mrs Foyle appeared with freah instalments, and the family greeted her with smiles. This time she did not sing, bnt aooepted a ohair close to 11 gran’dad.” “ You’ve lived a long time ?” she began. “Ninety-one years oome MartinmaB,” replied the veteran, without removing his pipe. “ You’ve been a sailor, I suppose ?” “ Twenty year in the navy. Fifty year at Nor’combe.” “ Dear me, that's along time. Yon muBt remember lots of things,” The old man looked ronnd the room as if searching for a fitting comparison for the dimensions of his memory. “Hie memory’s very good,” said hie daughter-in-law. “ Ain't it gran’dad ?" “ I should think so. I remember Queen Victoria's crowning.’’ " Indeed ?” “And—and heaps o’ things. Wrecks? Yes, a eight o’ wreaks.” 11 And the old smuggling days ?” hazarded Blanche, carelessly. "Smuggling!” repeated “gran’dad.’' “ Oh, ay, smuggling !" “ I should think the ooast about here was a good one for that Bort of thing ?’ ’ “ Well, not amlsB.” 11 You remember Mrs Cardington’s house being built?’ “Ay, the admiral’s. Now who’d ha’ thought that I remember that place of his’n when the old house stood there ? Joe Terry lived in it. Admiral pulled her down and built yon place. Hum old place it wers, mereover. Admiral h9 fonnd her’d gotten & room nndergronnd, and built his towor on to it-” “ Did he make the passage leading to the “Gran’dad” looked at her in virtuous astonishment. “What!—the passage?” he repeated, vacantly. “Yob; there’s a passage loads from the oive under the cliff to the tower.” “ Gran’dad" shook his head. He did not understand. Mrs Foyle took ont her purse. She selected a bright half-sovereign—one ef her few ramaining ooins—and put it down on the table at her elbow. The old man looked at it, and solemnly winked at it. “ ’Tilda,” he said, “just you stop them ohllder Matterin'.” He brandished a stlok whioh stood against the wall conveniently within reach of his hand, and the whole family sheered off and went out into the street. ’Tilda did not move. “ You was speaking about a passage,’’ he said, patting oat a hand and tonohing her dross with a long, bony finger. “Now I oome to think of it, there was a passage up to Joe Terry’s. Led, her did, to the Gave. Admiral he bullded her walls, and put her a light-hole-" “ A light-hole ?” “ Ay. I see il man do it. I'll tell ye. Go into the garden. There’s a gravel walk runs eaBt and west. Measure her eighteen feet from east to west. Then sorat1 a. hole six inches deep, and you’ll come on a kind of trap-door. Lift hsr, and you’ll see a grating; that’s the old light-hole, Now I’ll tell ye about that passage. Joe Terry did a bit of trade at night-” “ On the Q. T. ?” said Blanohe. “ I believe yon. Uncommon handy her was for running a keg or two of French brandy. And there’s three ohapa left of ub as knows the seoret. There's me, my aon Jan, and Long Joe.’’ “ And me,” added Blanohe. 1' And yon, miss. And there ain’t a ohap as’d go np that passage o’ night for fifty p un'.” i ’Tilda started, and a thin smile . played over her pale face, “ Gran’dad’' was coming ont strong. “ And why ?”. asked Blanche, “ Frit. Admiral For’scne, I’ve heard, used to run down in his scarlet dressing gown for a bathe, bnt he got fri’t, and give in. They oonld never lay the ghost.’’ “ A ghost 1 That’s grand! Tell me aU about it ” “ It wur Joe Terry’B doing. He was In terfered with, and a chap went after him up that passage, and waa never heard of again. Joe, you see, ought to have given the man Christian burial, but he didn’t; and one day admiral finds a bit of seeking stowed away betwixt some rocks. He pulls and pulls, and a whole skeleton of a man comes ont wropped up in saoking. It was the wrong-headed chap aa interfered. Well, admiral, he had the bones buried in ohnrohyard, but it wouldn’t do. The ohap as they belonged to sse’d ’un stewed away behind the rooks, but he didn't see ’an burled, d’ye see. And he’s alias walking np and down that passage looking for ’un. Admiral he shut down that light-hole and pottied up every ohink and oraok In the door; bnt I reckon he’s boxed in there still. You’ve never gene In the garden at night acd heard a rambling like! I expect he’s shifting every Btone in the place," “ I can't say that I’ve heard any noises at present,” said Blanohe, rising. “Thank you for your story. Yon’d better put away that half-sovereign. Ob, by the bye, I may as well give you this. I think it be longs to your son, You may tell him that I picked it up." She plaoed on the table beBlde the half sovereign a large clasp-knife such as gallon commonly use. “ John Scriven” waa aoratched on the blaok horn handle; and Blanohe, having incidentally Inquired whether another family of the same name existed in Northeembe, had naturally sur mised that it must belong to “Jan”— fTilda’B husband—and no other. Grandfather Soriven took It up eagerly and examined it. “Ay, her be Jan’s” he assented, with a grin, ‘ Sot down to out bis ’bacca, and forgot her! Thank you, miss, and good day, miss. You’ll oome to see us sgiin!” 