THE GHOST OF THE TALO CROSSING. An Australian Story. ' (By'Mattiiew Dunn.) " Talking of ghosts," said Phil Charlton, as he drew his chair to the fire, of his- snug smoking-room and joined .. the circle . of reminiscence- mongers -before. it, 'M can tell you a Btory -on that subject. " Fire' away , then, Phil," chorused the guests. The experiences Phil, re counted were generally worth hear ts- . ...... " Well," he began, settling himself ' in his chair, " perhaps all of you are not aware, than during my. -stay in Australia I owned, for about twelve months,' a line of coaches.'.' It fell into my hands through a mortgage on account of money lent to the original owner. . -I .was living at Kangaroo Flat. "What was I doing there ?/. Why, I thought you knew, Jack, that Nell's father's station was near there. Oh, you see, do you ? Yes, that was it ? T-h'e' climate' just 'suited' me, and, strange - to say, ;I' found that when Nell was clown for the .season in town the climate there just suited me, to O#// ' /: " That's how it was. You under stand the symptoms. Well, to return to the coaches. I had to : keep them going till I could find a purchaser, as there was a mail ' contract 'between Kangaroo Flat an'd , Waterfall Gully; 44 miles' off., /The mails had to be run, of course, ' rain or shine ;' a : coach from both places - each day, starting.'9 o'clock; at night and due at; the other end 4 in tho morning. ' ;V / . " It was. an a wf ally rough and lonely country, and what between unsteady drivers and fines through late' de liveries. I . had my r hands full, : and1 wished many a time that I had. never been beguiled into lending, the money, fbr "which 'I had now the coaching plant '.and worry to show. And what worry I had at tliat time. Every few days there would be money for repairs , going out, while for variation I had now anu then to take a'coach through one night and back tho'next, owing to the drivers leaving or- Kavifag/a drink-, ing bout." -y. -: ; /' ' "'What made them' leave ?" ' " Well, I think more than, .any thing; it was the Talo Crossing Ghost. This was nothing but a freak of the moon light among ;the rock's and. trees tic the ford, I always believed this-except one. night which -I won't forget--and do now. : .7 " The ghost was supposed to appear in the form of a -young woman,' sonie- timeson the bank'of the creek, wring ing her -hahds and sobbing, sometimes floating right at 'tiie ford, silent, witli Upturned face. " One morning, indeed, Jim' Harris, the driver, reported-, that she joined the coach near the r crossing; and af ter sitting on the , back seat until they werei in mid stream, she suddenly jumped-into the' water and was carried" down the creek. There were no pas sengers that night, and Jim arrived in a state. ' of panic, ; but with such a strong, smell of hisky -about him that there was but little wonder the young person left so precipitately.. His ex-, peripnee, therefore, can; scarcely be considered . conclusive evidence in favour of the- ghost, especially as Jim was quite incapable by noon that day, ' and I had to take the coach through1 jpvself at night. i " On the top of all these troubles was the anxiety caused mo by Nelly, who was as. wild and bewitching . a jjirl. as ever tormented a would-be lover. "With a kind heart which ap peared, as yet, to be all her own she waB as full of fun and mischief as. pos sible, and what with her warmth one day and .coldness the next ; she was in a fair way to drive me crazy., .- . ; "After I had been the owner. of the coaches for some time she knocked iiie over one day by the intimation— in. sport, had I but known it— that slie detested -, coach -proprietors, .thought they- were a- most vulgar ..class , of peoplo, wondered, how anyone con sidering himself :a gontlemaii could carry on' Audi a trade and became quite offended at . me : .-at least, J. thought sOi Further, she delicately hinted that 1 made my poor drivers do what I wouldn't do myself. When questioned as to what thia was she retorted, « To drive past tho Talo Crossing at night.' I told her I had often done it. She said she didn't be lieve me. :< Oh, she was a terrible tom boy. Told her she needn't, -but that I was going to do it the whole, of the next week, us Jim Harris was leav ing. " I suppose,:, however, ; that, you know, something of how in' girl, can tease, and of how we poor thick-headed male creatures, take it all in earnest, while oftentimes their hearts are ours. "Well, I started on . my week's driving— the - n6w . man -was to begin- the following Monday night— and got through tho first two journeys as usual... On the tli irdmight, however, there were only a couple of people with mo, and they got off at a farm about five miles before the - Crossing . was to be reached. "By the way, I should liavo-told you that the Talo Crossing -was about J 6. miles from Waterfall Gully, so that the two coaches generally met each other about four milos on the Kangaroo -Flat side, aud you may take my. word it was pretty lonely, after, tho Gully coach had passed, aud you had the 16- mile stretch — with the Crossing in cluded — all to yourself,, unless the: ghost were there. "The (|)r,ossing "itsolr was a very weird, spot, oven in daylight. Hills rising on all sides; between which the creek ran, -witli : the. > road leading: straight on to it at right angles, then turning sharply down stream. ori the: gully side and lying parallel .with-, the creek for about a hundred yards, then off to the left again among the hills;. The Talo Creek was about forty yards, wide at the crossing, witli a narrow ledge of rook running half- way across at tho lower side. The creek, oame. down pretty slowly there,- except-when in flood, but just below the- ford; it took n slight dip while ' it narrowed to about 1-5.: yards, be- coining deep, and rapid, . with . low banks of black rock; but.slightly above, the. water level; and .which -were, covered in ' flood. Well, as' I said: before, it was an uncanny place even by day, and you may guess that/,:on that Wednesday-: night,-" when I -had- passed Tom Maclure, tho driver -from the Gully, after having' a minute or two's talk with him, I. did. not feel: very bright. We changed horses a couple .ofv.mil.es before,.; so there was: not even that to look forward to. " The moon was in its. first, quarter;, and presently, began to .peep out- from behind a hill; throwing a faint light; all round, but somehow it didn't soem to make things any more cheerful.. T . was tired and worried; and, by the time .'.ye had reached the hill; at the- other side of which; layrthe: Crossing; I:was in' a very depressed . state, especi-.- ally about Nelly, witli whom it seemed as .if 'I , were. never to make any head-' way. , , / . . ' -f \- " As I leant liiy head against .the roof- support and' watched my . team take it slowly, up the Jiill a certain uneasiness 'seemed '-'to. gain possession of me; with a gro\ying: eoDsoiousness that -I- was not alone. , " When just near - the top of the hill I ' heard a slight sob close behind me. ' !' don't think I'm , a particuliirly nervous man, but to save my life 1 iiould scarcely have turned my'Jiead, toi see wiio -or 'what it was. -A horror seemed; to have gripped me, and J sat still in an agony of foar, till another louder sob broke the spell, and pull- ing' myself together I turned just as we reached the hill top. "There on the back ' seat : sat'., a young woman enveloped from head to foot: in soiiie sort of black cloak.. The face, ' which appeared ' tp ,be veiled; I could, not ' see, but she . seemed to' be sobbing' quietly aiid bitterly. "! " ' Who are you V I managed at last to say, for I was thinking that it must surely be the Ghost of the Talo Cross ing.' "You may iihagine, therefore, what'a relief it was to me to hear her reply, ' Qniy a poor ydman, sir,, who wants; h; lift.' '.Oh I' . J stammered, < when did you get in,, and ho w far are you going?' ' '" I'm going as 'far. as Dari ell's, sir,' she said, ignoring my tirst- quos- tion.-:-;-! ... " ' Hold tight-,' ' I cried; for .-.by: this time the leaders' were entering the . water.. I paid lio more . attention to her . while I -piloted my, team across, keeping . close in to the ledge of rock for about ten yards, striking up stream a little and' 'then straight over, which was the most approved method, of taking the Talo at this ford. One-had to keep his wits' about him— there were some hasty rocks- and pools, .and: it took some steering. Wo were soon' on the other side, and I turned, to my ; passenger .to inquire if she were com-; fortabie. : ':' i : V." Withhortor I. saw 'that thetback / seat was-empty ; she must. have fallen' put ah d perhaps gone down the' rapids between the .rooks. ' ;' I was down in; a moment. .aiid r.usljing. ma'dly along "tlie. bank to -rescue :her;at . the foot o.f..thei rapids, where '-'the . ri ver-i broadened : again. ' I had got about -half way down- oh' 'the banks of black rock. when again Isheard a. sob above, the. rushing of the ;water, and. looking. across ; the,- stream I-saw in the faint moonlight the- young ' woman standing on ;:the other -side wringing her hands; ' : . - ".'Wliatevor'a. the matter,' I icried;, -but she gaVe no answer. ''Then the horror gripped mo again, as the thought, flashed- thrdagA,;'my' \--brain that this must.be . tho . Crossing Ghost after- all. I stood rootod to the spot," Then' as 'the /.'figure , ; began 1 to : wander, down the bank? appariintl in,' an abandonment of grief, ,1 managed to ' creep . back to the ;coach, silently, for' it seemed safer, while I made ho, noise that would attract attention.. .. »«'. The., horses turned their' friendly.. : heads as I climbed in. '/Then; starting' them without a word, I drove -,8 quietly as pos%i bio down the road by . the'bfeek bank, while the' figure pa,cedi to and fro cn tlie other'sidh A? liorses looked ti iieasiiv - towards , it, as sob ; after sob ' rose on the nightj and whiBn it t h row > upVits.' arms, in an ap- parenl frenzv-ot' desuair it took. me. all my time to keep them from bolt ing. As it was they went along with hnads hold high and many a fright ened snort. v J ust as we turned from the creek and headed straight along the Gully- road a piercing shriek rang through tho glen. That was tho last straw. I guve the horses their heads, and wait ing for no second bidding they laid themselves out for nil they . wore worth. : . 'I -.-/.steadied' them after, a bit,, but kept them at it. I found : later that wo -did the sixteen miles in twenty minutes over the -hour. " I was so worked up that it seemcd no time till we: were at the hotel in Waterfall Gully, and . I- was helping, .the groom mechanically . with my. team; J, was -in a dazed condition,, and it was some-seconds boforo I could -make' out what ho was saying, which was to the effect, of course, that, we were in about forty minutes : before: time, and that the horses wore 'baked:' '"Somehow I felt disinclined- to talk .about the matter, and merely said that we .had come along fast from : the Grossing. .-"Now that the strain was over I felt dead tired. . I gob to bed as soon as possible, mentally resolving, - how ever, that nothing wouid make me go over the journey alone the next night. : , I. -managed to get to -sleep in about half an hour, . "We usually stayed in bed till . about one :the next day. This timB I was up by, eleven, and thinking hard as to who T could get to go over the -road with mo at night. ,'J My- idea was to take someonepost the Crossing, and when we met the -other coach let thorn return in it, as I had no intention of allowing Tom Maolnre to run the risk of such an experience by himself, and there was no certainty that ho would have any .passengers. Tho matter was solved for- me, however, very pleasantly. Jack Holmes, who owned Corella Station, about ten miles out from the Gully, happened to come into town about two o'clock. : ; "Jack was a great old . chumof mine, and I confided the story to- him, together .with my plan: for. the even- . ing. ' He not' only . thought well of it, but said ho: "would like nothing -better than to come with mo. i " He' wasn't busy and needn't be home until next day. 'It's it queer 'thing,' said Jack; ' very queer,/, and as . you say awfully uncanny; however we m'ust see what wo can discover to night.' v': : v';' '-i'v'iV ; . " W e talked the matter. over till .w.e were tired, but could come to nb /solu tion of the mystery., : ' 1 "' By-the-bye, saia Jack,, 'how are you and Nelly getting along, old chap— still at sixes and sevens ?'. . . I Yes,' I. answered despondently ; 'it seems as if I couldn't make 'any liead way at all ; but how's your, own ail'air progressing ?', ; ' . . ,1, j . " J ack was desperately in love; with, Nell's cousin, Madge, : who had been .staying with her for a year, and it seemed " as if Madge had been' in oculated with her cousin's .contrariness, for .they were; as like as could be -in their terribly tantalising ways.-, - > " In answer to my question, there- lore, Jack said, ' Just as usual, the ground I gain one time ;seems lost the next; but I think it's only, a case -of persevering, the same as yours is, three steps forward'and two back, you know; but we'll reach the goal in the end.' ' " ' And won't bo sorry, either,' 1 added. . . ! ." Well, as you imagine, wo were father excited during the afternoon. I don't mean that a stranger would liave noticed it, but we ware restless, and it seemed ; as .if. tho hours.would never-pass. However, 9 olcloclc came round at last ; and strange to say, not a single passenger had booked for the through journey. .There were two or three peopie, . but all for places this side. of the Grossing. " With hearts beating, more rapidly than usual Jack and I took'iour seats, and off we started. ..Ail -went well, we dropped a passenger ;at intervals, till by the time, we had got witliin a couple Of .miles of the Crossing we wore in sole possession of the coach. ; . : / " We admitted to each other afccr- . wards that, as wq. aw - the -last pas senger dismount and the coach was again under way, wo felt. a momentary aimost ovei'po waring desireto stop and . call. him beck again. : - '- " You may think : this was : very chicken-hearted, but if you knew - the weird loneliness of tlie place , we were approaching you njight not think so much of it, and of course the feeling' was only transitory. The'nexc monicnt we had braced ourselves up and 'wore, prepared, for .wiiateye'r / might, come, to band. " When we / had. cov.ered - another mile Jack suggested that the. woman, or.vyhatevef;'it was,-sueing two.-of in's, might not.appear, and .that perhaps it i would iibe' - better-"-- for / him; to! orouch down under the -knee rug Und wait developments.1 " . '' . " I thought /this an excellent idea, and under he crept, while I covered ii'im up carefully, so that even : a per son sitting in :tho -after -seat, of ' the boaeli could not have told that anyone but the driver was on the box. " I had explained ; to him., exactly all that took place the night : before, so lie was fully prepared for tho man ner of the ghost's appearance. ."He was to watch the- back seat, and see hoSv it came there, and when it did to give my leg-two' taps,, bo that' I plight know arid be ready for what ever happened. I was to do nothing, bpt while, we crossed the; Talo Jack would keep, a bright lookout; and (lis-, coyer what was done, and hpw it left, the coach. .. We. were determined to got to thn bottom of thovmystery.if at all -possible. .. . . : Wellj We vyent along all- right till wo came: 'to the turA on to the Creek- road; close to ' the : C-ossing, 'where wo had to go slow, as it was a nasty corner;: hen I-:- felt Jack, give my leg a couple of ' kriocks.'. -A second' after came a sob. '" When it did'. I was glad to h'ear it. ' lt seonied as if I had been waiting foi a sob all my life, the strain had been:'so great. , / . "I turned, and there sat the same figure as before. 'Who are you?' I asked involuntarily. ' Only a poor woman, sir, who wants a lift,' she an swered, as she had done- the previous evening. , ' "I said nothing further, for .we were again, close to the wa'ter, and I know Jack was watching., it -.-.v. "'When w(e wore nearly across, and just at the fiat ledge that tan out from the other ' side, I heard Jack cry V Hold 1'. and looking round; I sav/ tho figure climbing silently'down on to the rocks. ." .-> - : " I pulled up and levelled a, revolver at her, while Jack scrambled out; from his cover. 7'. Stop,' I cried,,' or I'll put a bullet through you-woman or devil, whichevor-.you are.' ) - >, .< . ".That eemed/. to-'.iipset -hor, for, throwing up, her hands as if to protect herself, she . cried . in a voice that made my heart saod still,. tOh, don't, Phil,' while her Icot'.catohing in tho wlieel, she was thrown- on to the rocks, and slipped from there'into tho rapids. "' It's . Nelly.; . Jack,, help me,' I roared, as I jumped out. " Rushing along the bank a short way I caiight sight of a<:form being rapidly whirled down " the river, just out of myr reach. 'I Sprang- in and managed to ' catch hold ' of the hair. Keeping the- head"- above- - water - we were, soon 'r swept -into the broad and shallow roach,- , " Jack npw dashed -up,. ;p,nd, lifting the senseless girl. we -bore her care fully to the coach. . - On . iue way . we wore both rstartled <aimostout . of our wits by a fomale figure rushing madly through the trees nrid'joining us. "'Whatever's happened ? , Oh, Nelly i it exolaimed, --and then we dis- - covered it was Madge. ' She wa3 in a terribly excited state," arid:, afraid that Nell was dead. As soon. as, wo got . to. the coach, which was nearly, at the top ofHhe hili,„tlie horseS having wandered - slowly on,-: ,we . found that beyond a bruise on' -the forehead., which ,,had caused insensibility; Nelly seemed to be none the worse. " We decjded to go to a farm house about a mile further ,on, arid, wrapping the unconscious Nelly in the large rug, we started ofi'at full speed, . - ' ".' Stopia' minute, we've left the horses behind," criect ".Madge.; ' they're in that clump of trees .yonder.' ; . . " 1 How7many.?'-;called Jack. 'Two,' answered Madge:/: : y; ' All right ;,ril bringthera.' " We didn't stop for any further, ex- planationS- as we were 'anxious to have /Nelly seen: to; :tbe night having grown very chilly. . J ack Jstartedyback to get the horses;,'while' we droyejen. . .. " We met,, v'the'j: ether : coach shortly !before reaching the ;gate- to the home stead. Fortunately it was at a dark part of the. road;; arid' .jl'/ori't ; think Tom MaclureVriqticed- anything amiss. After a few; words; of instructions to. him I .drove :on. ' "lleaching'thehousee. explained : matters ..toj-the-'farmer's-., 'kindly';. -.wife,', who receiviad-us: and.:, extracted a pro- riiise of secrecy/ frqii/ :lier;'- as by this time Madge was1 rather jaBhamed of their escalade. . ; ; ; - 7 - . ' "We soon - ..had/; .Nelly brought round, .and, veVy7thanlffu she sat up',- with' bewildered' eyes, arid; asked wh'ere .she was.' The farmer's ' wife soon Ihad /her . tucked/comfortably away in a/ warm bed., " Beforp proceeding 'to Kangaroo Flat— fop- jack; had, of. bourse, given up all idtia of /returnjrig'f.hy; the Gully coaoli—wp heard: the . Whole story' from Madge,' r 1 ' / i//:'!':"';":'' ' ' \- "Howj Mr. ;and/-;;M'rt.-. -. /Edwards having gone, to.tpwn./jeiying them in charge of their aunt,_ : Miss, Turner, they conhei'ved the idea of playing the Talo Ghost, knowing - /that I was driving that week./ So- they .had ridden from the/station,: which.was only three miles across country/ hnd waited each night for' . the,: coach. .1 Nelly had climbed in as we went slowly up the hill before .tho dip down to the Gros sing oil' tlris'side tlie ipight ' before, and had "got.- in 'us the ' coach islowed down, to take' the turn ori to the Oreek-road this. time.-. .-The getting off again, which the previous nigtyt: .had been to. all - appearances, done in mid-stream, had beeh-bffected 6u7, the dedge of the rockV.I, yu -WA but into the river. '-- v:-: ''/ ' -/ /- A' < / ,.; v " As ; we -could - do'nothing further Jack and/ I stafted oft' for the Flat, , promising; to /come out tlie.-riext morn ing and, / see how : 'they. /Were getting on. ' : : '.' When' we wore once more on our way. Jack'andvl-' looked /at each, other for a niomqnt ' arid .Itherii, burst into.a roar of laughter,- ' I say, Phil, we've got the -'. whip , .hand'-:' of - - them, this time.' -''I'-, Y es,.'/I aris wered','. 'arid wo roust see . that/ wo kepp ic p we'll go out bright and early to-inorrow arid strike while the iron1 isjhot.i' -j . , " The /rings /were . . f rosli '.after, their 'spell, ari'd ns :we sailed alorig tlie mo'ori- jit 1 road a t'.a " 10;in ilf)' gait we 'felt Very happy. ) 5' -y?" elljVtjie'next.-prnihg 4.. for- the fafm.6n,!hQra.Q6a0/and'arriyed' about 1 0/o'clockv:' 7 '©ury, spirits : were rather dhm pe'd - 'to ' iirid tjiat the ' girls had ridderi',' homo Nearly vthtjt , morning. Ourhopo'twere raised, again,, however, on haaririg that- a -nies'sa'ge had been loft for usi-toJpa'y tliein-a/yisit there; ,'. " ,We ,'wnrp .riptyiorig in making/our way 'across',to;/i'1"Bananiba,'/ -where we were- very, kindly;- reooived by Miss Turner an'd' thi5igW8,: Alter a: cup (if tea we/ adjouriiedv'to'?v the ' /.garden, Madge and' "Jack"' going :pn'e; way arid' NelkandHrinotlior; ' ''j''We-w'fte-'ather ' 'em.bar rassed ; at first,;' arid /'at'/'a/.'ibss/.'.Wh to riay ; Nelly, owing to the occurrence of/ the previous; night, , and l— well I had one thing I ' warited/ 'par tidulriHy to say; but someh'oV criuld'n myself to' the poirif. / AtJast 'Nelly tirriidly (the fright had subdued hei- greatly) broke ground fabout the -/ ghost 'venture. ' Phil, jjb'u - won't tell ' jpoople : about last nigh t ? " W o.'aVje. both awfully sorry. and , it soqiiia - now so terribly foolishj fshp/said" humbly: . 'It was very1 foolhardy arid dangerous,' I an- swore'd -rii .' d an gerous for . al l of ; us. ' I must haWsjpokeri ratheni severely,' '.'for' looking At' iter, ris no. answer came, I saw that her face was averted. Find ing that the enemy had so completely capitulated I took my courage in both i hands, and Nelly in my arms, while i looking straight into her eyes, I said, I ' Nolly, dear, hadn't you bettor say ' you'll marry me now, and let's be , happy.' Then, after a moment, came j the sweet answer 'Yes, Phil, I will; and do forgive me, dear, for all the- trouble I've caused you.' i "Before I could reply Jack dashed round a cornel-, calling 'Phil, Phil.': ' Here I am,' I answered, while Nelly darted oft to the house. It's all right,' he cried, ' Madge has said yes. What about you and Nell ? We've settled-, it too, Jack, old man.' "It was a merry, party at lunch.- that day, and . a no less happy/ one. three months later.- when, a double., wedding took place. . , . ., " Shortly afterwards, as perhaps you've heard, gold- was found on. Banambn, and- such a rush took, place,- The site of the old homestead was soon( a busy mining township. . , ; " Nell's father sold the station. at a. big price, while my line of coaches,' being the direct means of cominunica-. tion with Kangaroo Flat, was easily disposed of at a capital figure. As you see, Nell and I came home here, Jack and Madge still stick to Australia, but. they'll be hero on a visit next year." " By-the-bye, don't tell Nelly that I have been giving, you this yarn, or I shall get into serious trouble." . ' " Yes, you are- quite right there, Dickson ; I don't look like a hen pecked man ; but that's owing to my wonderful: constitution, of ' course." - ..-It leaked out at supper, however, that Phil had been reciting these ex periences ; 'and- although Mrs. Charl ton, with a palpable-sigh, informed us that those old coach proprietors seldom turned out well it was very easy to seo that she considered her particular coach proprietor the exception which proves the rule. 