TILL THE DAY OF By E. P. OPPENHEIM, Author o£ "The Mystery of Mr. Bernaid Brown," " A Monk of Grufca," &c.; [Published. by special arrangement with the author Ail rights reserved.] Chapter IV.—(Continued.) Perhaps she saw the slight' change in my face at Mr. Deville's name. At. any rate she turned the conversation.. " Have you been living in the country before | you came here, or near a large city?" she asked. " You will find it very quiet here." ""We came from Belchester," I answered. "My father had a church in the suburbs I there. It wa3 very horrid,. I was not there iongr, but I hated it. I think the most desolate country region in the world is better than suburbanism." "I don't think that I agree with yon," Bhe smiled. "Ina large community at any rate .you are closer to the problems of life.. I was at. Belchester not long, ago and. I found- it very interesting. "You were at Belchester," I repeated in surprise. . ! ^®s'' ? was electioneering. I came to help Mr. Densham." "'What! The Socialist!" I cried. She nodded and I could see that the corners of her mouth were twitching, with amusement. ''Yes! I thought that Belchester was rather an enlightened place. We polled over four thousand votes. I think if we had had another week or two and a few less helpers we might have got Mr. Bensbam in." "A few less helpers!" I repeated aimlessly. . J Yes, That is the . worst of labor and socialist meetings. There is such a terrible craving amongst the working classes to become a stump orator. You cannot teach them to bold their tongues. They make silly speeches, and of course the newspapers on the other side report them and we get the discredit of their opinions. One always suffers most at the hands of one's friends." I looked at her in silent wonder. I too had helped at that election—that is to say, I had driven about in-the Countes3 of Appleeorn's barouche with a great bunch of cornflowers in my gown and talked amiably to a lot ot un interesting people. I have a dim recollection ot a one-horse waggonette which we had passed on the way preceded by a brass band and a lot of _ factory hands, and of Lady [. Applecorn raising^ her gold-rimmed eyeglass audi saying something about the Socialist can didate. I'Did yon make speeches—and that sort of thing ?' I asked hesitatingly. She laughed outright. "Of course.I did. How else could.I have helped ! I am afraid that you are beginning to thiuk that I am a very terrible person," she added, with a decided twinkle in her rich brown eyes. t ,"PIease d°n'fc say that," I begged. "Only I have been brought up always with people who shuddered at the very mention of the word both here and abroad, and I daresay that I have a wrong impression about it all. For one thing I thought it was. only poor people who were Socialists." For a moment she looked grave. "True Socialism is the most fascinating of all doctrines for the rich and the poor, for all thoughtful men and women," die said quietly. " It is a religion as well as'the very core of politics. But we will not talk about that now. Are'you interested in the new books ! You "might like to see some of those," pointing at the box. " I. get all the new novels, but I read very few of them." I looked them over as she handed the volumes out to me. I had read a good many books in which she was interested. We began to discuss them, casually at first and then eagerly. An hour or more must have slipped away. At last I looked at the clock and sprang" up. "You must have some tea," she said with her hand on the bell. "Please do not hurry away." I hesitated, but she seemed to take my consent for granted, and I suffered myself to be persuaded. "Come and see my. den while they bring it!" She opened a door on the left hand of the hall and I passed by. her side into a large room of irregular shape, from which French windows led out on to the trim little lawn. The walls were almost lined with books—my father's library did not hold so many. A writing- table drawn up to the window was covered with loose sheets of paper and works of reference turned upon their faces. For the rest the room was a marvel of coloring and refined femininity. There were plenty of cosy chairs, and three- legged tables, with their burden of dainty china, rare statuettes, and many vases of flowers, mostly clustering yellow roses. But what absorbed my attention after my rapid fiance around was the fact that Mr. Bruce leville was sitting in a very comfprtablo chair near the window reading one of theloose sheets ;of paper which he had taken from the desk. He rose to his feet at the sound.of the open ing of the door, but he did not immediately look up. He spoke to her and I scarcely recognised his voice. His gruffness was gone! It was mellow and good-humored. "Marcia! Marcia!. Why can't you leave ■poor Harris alone!" he said. "You will drive him out of his senses if yon sling Greek at him like this. You women are so vindictive!" " If you will condescend to turn ronnd," she answered, smiling, "I shall be glad to know how you got in here and what you are doing with my manuscript."' ■** He looked up and the sheet fluttered from his fingers. He regarded it with undiluted astonishment. "Well, I came in at the window!" he answered. "I was in a hurry to escape getting wet through. I had no idea that you had a visitor." i I glanced towards her. She was in no way | discomposed or annoyed. I " I am not inclined to walk this afternoon," she said. " Will you come down after dinner, r about 9. I want to see you, but not just now." He nodded and took up his cap. At the window he looked back at me curiously. For a moment he seemed about to speak. He contented himself, however, with a parting I bow, to which I responded. Directly he got i outside-the garden he took his pipe from his pocket and lit it. The incident did not seem to have troubled her in any way. She pointed out some of the treasures of, her room, elegant little trifles, collected in many countries of the world, but I am afraid I was not very attentive. "Is Mr. Deville a relation of yours!" I asked rather abruptly. She had just taken down a little Italian statuette for my inspection and she replaced it carefully before she answered. "No, we are friends, I have known him for a good many years." A tiny Burmese gong rang out from the hall. She came across the room towards me, smiling pleasantly. " Shall we go and have some tea ! I always want tea so much after a thunderstorm. I will ehow you some more of my Penates, if you like, afterwards." I followed her into the hall and took my tea from the bauds of a trim little maid servant. With the Dresden cup between my fingers a sudden thought flashed into my mind. If only Lady Naselton could see me. Unconsciously my lips parted and I laughed outright. "Do forgive me," I begged. "Something came into my mind—it was too funny—I could not help laughing." "To be able to laugh at one's thoughts is a luxury," she answered. "I know a man who lived through a terrible illness solely because of his sense of humor. There are so many things to laugh at in the world, if only one sees them in the right light. Let me gi ve you some more tea." I set down my cup. "No more, thanks. That has been delicious. I wonder whether I might ask you a ijuestion!" I added. "I should like to if I might." "Well, you certainly may," she answered good-liumoredly. " Mr. Deville spoke of your work," I con tinued j " and of course I could see that you had been writing. Do you write .fiction! I ■ think it is so delightful for women to do any thing for themselves—any real work I mean. Do you mind my asking !" "I do not write fiction as a rule," she said slowly. " I write for the newspapers. I wa3 a correspondent for several years for one of the dailies. I write more now for a purpose. I am one of the 'abhorred tribe,' you know—a Socialist, or what people understand as a Socialist. Are you horrified!" "Not in the least," I answered her; "only . I should like to know more about it. From what 1 have heard about -Socialism I should never have dreamed of associating it with— well, with Dresden cups and saucers, for in stance," I laughed, motioning to her own. Her eyes twinkled. "Poor child," shesaid, " you have all the old-fashioned ideas about us and our beliefs, I suppose. I am hot sure that if you were a properly-regulated young lady you would not get up and walk out of the house." A shadow had fallen across the open door way and a familiar voice, stern, but tremulous with passion, took up her words. "That is precisely what my daughter will do, madam. At onoe and without delay. Do you hear, Kate!" I rose to my feet dumb with amazement. My father's tall figure drawn to its utmost height stood out with almost starting vividness against the. sunlit space beyond. A deep red flush was on his pale cheeks. His eyes seemed on fire with auger. My hostess rose to her feet with dignity. " Your daughter is at liberty toremain or go •at-any time^-sbo-said; coldly.' "I presume that Iv,aniAddressing Mr. Ffolliot!" • I Sho -looked over my shoulder towards. my father and their eyes met. I looked from one ] to the other, conscious that something was; passing outside nay knowledge — something j between these two. Her eyes had become like _ dull stones. Her face had grown strangely! hard and cold. There was a brief period of; intense silence, broken only by the slow,! monotonous' tickling of "the hall clock1 and tho flutter of the birds' wings from amongst tho elm trees outside. A breath; of wind brought a shower of rain-; drops down on to the gravel path. A; sparrow flow twittering into the hall and out again. Then it came to an end. j "Marcia!" | His single cry rang out like a pistol-shot j upon tho intense silence. He took a quick > step across the threshold. She held out both her hands in front of her and ho stopped; short. j "You had better go !" she said. "You had; better go quickly !" j I went out and took my father's arm. He let mo lead him away without a word; but lie! would have fallen several times if it had not; been for'my support. When we reached home he turned at once into tho library. "Go away, Kate," he said wearily. "I must be alone. See that I am not disturbed." I hesitated, but he insisted. I shut the door and left him. I, too, wanted to be alone. My brain was in a whirl. What was this past whose ghosts seemed rising up one by one to confront us 1 First there had been Mr. Dcville and now the woman whom my father had called Marcia. What wero they to him What had he to do with them V Where had their lives touchedI pressed my hot fore head against the window pane and looked across at the Yellow House. The sunlight was flashing and glistening upon its damp, rain-soaked front. In the doorway a woman was standing shading her eye3 with her hand and looking across the park. I followed her : gaze and saw for whom she was waiting. Bruce Deville was walking swiftly towards her. I saw him leap a fence to save a few yards and lie was taking hugo and rapid strides. I turned away from my window and hid my face in my hands. (To he continued.) 