OUR HOSPITAL. [By Tiih Bohemias.] In one of the Rev. E. P. Roc's admiraiilo works there is ft descrip tion of the death, in her loving father's arms, of ft littlo girl, and her last words are, “ Good-bye, dnddic, for ft lile wile ; lie wait at the gato for you, shuah.” .Now, I trust and believo that those who have done, and are doing their best, to promote the welfare of tho noble institution in which I am now writ ing, and other kindred asylums for tho mitigation of those ills that poor suffering humanity is subject to, will also, whon their time comes, be met at “ the gato” by Ono who will say, “ Well dono, thou good and faithful servant ; inasmuch as ye have dono to ono of tho least of these, ye have done it unto Me." For the past fortnight it has been my good fortune to bo an inmate of the Mooroopnn Hospital. I advisedly say good fortune, for,considering tho careful nursing and kindly attention shown mo during my sickness by all connected with this institution, I cannot use any other term, especially as I have had a practical opportunity of observing how this work of humanity is carried on. I need not describe the pleasant site upon which the hospital is erected (with its glorious old eucalypti on one side, with their dark-green leaves whisper ing softly when they are “ fretted with the gusts from heaven,” and the trim and well-kept gardens sur rounding the buildings),as the locality is well known to your readers. What I intend touching on is the inner life of this sanatorium ; which, perhaps may he, or, at all events, ought to be, of interest to many in the district. For twelve days I was confined to my bed in the sick ward, and had ample opportunity of observ ing the treatment of those suffering from their various maladies. The sacred writer says that “ Out of the fulness of the henrt the mouth spenketh.” That may bo the case, but I find that my pen can only feebly express the unbounded admiration and respect that I feel for the un remitting care and attention shown by the house-surgeon (Dr Florauce) to those entrusted to his care. Among these aro some most difficult cases, and if this gentleman received his hundred-guinea fee it would be impossible for him to bestow more care, thought and skill, titan he does in each individual case. This mast he from love of bis noble profession, combined with kindness of heart. Certainly, it is not from any pe cuniary reward that he receives. I can assure “ the doctor” that the kindly littlo pats ho gives one on the hack, with an encouraging smile, go a long way to improving one’s condi tion, both physical and mental. May this most worthy member of his pro fession long bo spared to continue his life of usefulness to Ids stricken brothers and sisters. I mny mention ono case that came under my notice. This was that of an old man who passed away the other day, from seuilo decay. There was not tho ghost of a chance for this patient, and yet every attention was paid him to the last, both by the doctor and his attendants, though they knew well the case was a hopeless one. I now come to the working officer, the mate of the good ship, who keeps all tho machinery in working order, and looks—and that so ably—after the comfort and well-being of the C2 patients at present entrusted to bis care. It is needless to say that I allude to the worthy house-steward, Mr Joues. This gentlemnn seems indefatigable in his efforts to promote the welfare of the institution. He is here there and everywhere, and up at all hours. At one o’clock in the morning I havo seen him in tho ward making his rounds, and at all times in the day, always kindly, courteous and cheerful to all with whom ho comes in contact ; and so good a disciplinarian is lie that the staff of assistants do their duty thoroughly and well. I have not had the pleasure of having much intercourse with the lady (Mrs Brittingham) who oversees the female ward, hut what little I have seen has impressed mo most favorably, for her activity in the performance of her duties seems to be immense, and she always seems to have a kindly, cheerfnl smile, which is always cheering to tho sick. ■With regard to the diet, all I can say is that it is both wholesome, good and well cooked, tho soup especially being, admirable of its kind ; and what is so essential to invalids a constant change of food, with abnndaut supply of vegetables grown in the well-stocked garden. In looking over tho last annual report I am rathor surprised to see that almost tho whole committee of management is com prised of gentlemen living in the immediate neighborhood. Now, us this hospital, though taking its uame from the local township, is in reality a hospital for a district with a radius of some fifty' miies, would it not bo more conducive to the general harmony' and welfare of the estab lishment if there were soino repre sentatives from some of the distant localities (such as Mr J. Williams, of Numurkah. who lias recently been appointed on the committee) ? Do not lot me he misnndorsto'd : I do not mean to detract for one moment from tho praiseworthy efforts of those who give their time aud money for tho management of the institution, but merely saggest that bringing gentlemen together from all.ports of this largo district, and all united with the same object, namely, that of love and charity to wards tho sick and helpless, must enlarge the sympathies and bo of ultimate benefit to the noble work now being carried on. I could en large upon this theme at much greater length, but, as tho columns of the Advertiser are not composed of indiarubber, I must cease, merely hoping that, the generous efforts that the people of Sheppsrton have made in the past will not cease, but will flow more abundantly in tho better times that I devoutly trust are in store for nil of us, nndt. hereby prove that • the springs of Victorian benovoleuco hnvo not by any means run dry. In the “life” of the Into G. Moore, the great Loudon silk mercer and philanthropist, it is stated that though during the last year of his life ho gave as much as £35,000 to vnrious charities, yet he always found that, whatever he bestowed, his business increased fourfold in proportion. In concluding this paper, I cannot do better than close with the words of Portia when ad dressing the Venetian Sonate : “ We all of us do pray for mercy, aud that snmo prayer doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy.” 