ELECTIONS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. INTRODUCED IN THE ASSEMBLY. The House went into Committee of the Whole to consider the expediency of bringing in a bill to amend the electoral law. In tho course' of his explanation, Mr. BRUNKER said that he had thought that it might have been possible to do away with electoral rights. But to do that ho found it would De necessary to repeal tlio principal Act. In. this amending Act he had endeavored to carry out what he believed had been the intentions of every Legislature in the colonies — to concede to the qualified electors of the colony tho most liberal means of exercising their highest prerogative — the franchise — so long as they could prevent any thing like fraudulent misrepresentation at tlio ballot-box. Under the existing Act an elector must ho resident three months in an electorate before ho was entitled to vote. But under the amending Act — which rendered tiie principal Act much moro liberal than at present — if an elector had changed his residence during tho one month he was qualifying he would he able to use his right for the electorate in which he had previous ly resided, so that the right would he continuously in force. And if an elctor lost ills right, and his name was on the roil, he could procure a sub stituted right, and be thus enabled to vote. It was also provided that an elector could obtain his right by post Instead of having to go for it in person, and it remained in force until cancelled. One of the special provisions of tlio bill was that absent electors would have power to vote by post. Mr. MILLER: Have you made provision for substituted rights? Mr. BRUNKER: Yes. Substituted rights could he obtained right up to the time of voting. Every thing concerning the rights, next to actually do ing away with them, had been done to give the electors as little inconvenience as possible, and also to allow absent voters to vote through the post. Mr. PRICE counselled the withdrawal of tho hill, and the Introduction of a new and com prehensive measure dealing with the electoral law as a whole. Electoral rights were very un satisfactory. Mr. WADDELL held that the existing electoral law was such an unsound and unsatisfactory one in every shape and form that it would ho better if the Government could seo their way clear to pass a comprehensive 1)111 dealing with the whole matter. In that way they would do the whole country a great service. They could not possibly spend a portion of the time of the sesf-ion in a better way. ("Hear, hear.") Mr. MOORE said that no system would bo sa tisfactory to his electorate that did not provide for tlio absolute abolition of electors' rights. Mr. HOGUE contended that it was a dangerous Innovation to introduce the privilege of allowing electors' rights to lie posted. To his mind, it would open the door to a system of fraud the like or which had not been soon In connection with any system of electoral law in this colony. Mr. ROBERT JONES pointed out that the ob jection to tho posting of rights could be over come by having tho letter registered. Tlio local postmaster would then know by whom the letter had been registered. Mr. MILLER thought that this amending bill would prove far too liberal to pass the Upper Chamber. If a proposal to do away with rights altogether wero introduced, it would not have a ghost of a chance of passing the other Chamber. After a littlo further discussion, tho resolution was agreed to on the voices, reported to the House, agreed to, the bill Introduced, read a first time, and ordered to ho printed. Tho second reading was fixed for Thursday next. 