THE BLACK FORTY. A Story of Early AustralIa. CHAPTER VII. THE HORSE THIEVES.. A cold damp mist had ushered in the shades of evening upon the land, and the face of nature was dank, and wet, and dreary. The trees hung down their heads as though bowing submissively to the cloud-blanket, which shut out the dim light of an early moon. The landscape was largely obscured and the forest was wrapped in an obscurity of gloom which seemed cold and inhospitable. It was cheerless enough for one individual who walked amongst the wet grass wrapped from top to toe in a heavy blanket. He smoked a short clay pipe turned upside down in his mouth to keep the weather from putting out the fire within the bowl. For the the trees dripped heavy globules on moisture incessantly on to the shrubs below, and collecting there ran down to the smaller vegetation, which they soaked and made matters unpleasant for anyone moving about. There was scarcely a sound to be heard save the monotonous dripping of the water and the occasional call of a night bird out in search of prey. As the evening advanced the shadows deepened and the weather showed no sign of clearing, a slight breeze swept across the face of the country, moaning just loud enough to deaden all other sounds of a lesser kind. Little streams of water collected in pools, and holding in themselves formed a most uncomfortable promenade. One would think that such a night was but ill-fitted for anyone to move about, even though the business might be somewhat extraordinary in nature. Yet the individual who stalked from the shadows of a deserted hut through the bracken fern on the track which passed close by the building, never seemed to regard the gloomy weather with any other feeling but that of satisfaction. Inside the hut, six horses champed and stamped in impatience as though they felt that there was work to be done and they were eager to be away and at it. Of what moment were the mists to them ? They were soon to be out on the highway, packed and saddled for a long and a pleasant journey. Richard Barret, in compliance with a previously arranged measure, had withdrawn his belongings in the shape of furs and skins upon the backs of two pack horses to an old deserted hut at a river crossing place, bringing with him two other horses saddled for a journey. They were all stabled inside the house out of the weather. This place had an evil reputation. Murder had been committed here, and if you could believe the settlers, the ghost of the man so destroyed haunted it in mute rebuke of those who had killed his body and had so offended Heaven. But Richard Barret cared nothing for such tales as these. His chief cares at the moment consisted of keeping the lock of his rifle dry under his wraps and in obtaining satisfaction from his pipe. But he was very impatient nevertheless, and he paused every few moments at the edge of the roadway to listen when the groaning of the wind calmed and the mist vapour lifted creating a sound-bearing vacuum to convey messages telephonic-like for a considerable distance. " Curse the push of them," he muttered. " What can have kept them ? At any rate I don't much care. If anything should happen I can easily make myself scarce before it gets too hot. I wonder where the peelers are ? They will be on our heels soon enough I expect and will discover a mare's nest." He moved as far as the track and along it for some distance, listening intently from time to time and talking to himself in muttered tones after the fashion of men whose long residence in the bush had isolated tbem from their fellows. '" Well as for myself I need fear nothing. I hare my own property here— mine and Harris's. They can not turn dog on me. The purchase was fair from Harker, and surely he would not --oh no ! He is too much of a cur. Quiet dog what's the matter ?" These last words were addressed to his hound, which had moved uneasily ahead of him for some yards, and walking along the pathway sniffed tte air and growled suspiciously. A moment later with elevated tail and stiffened ears he warned his master of the arrival of someone new. Barret with that half savage instinct which was second nature to him, knelt down and placing his ear close to the ground listened intently. Then he arose to an erect position and called to the dog softly. A moment later the sound of horses' footfalls came towards him from the road where it was difficult to see through the dowsing mists. Like an erect statue stood the hunter, his finely strung instincts on high tension. Then around the turn of the path came two mounted men each leading a pair of borses. They pulled up short when they saw Barrett and dismounted. The two men were Miller and Simpson. The latter worn a heavily slouched hat, and was disguised with a moustache made from the tail of an oppossum, which served to conceal the lower part of his facial features. " Well, Dick," he said, " all well ?" " Well enough," replied that person, " onlv I was beginning to get a little impatient." " We couldn't help it. Smithers never turned up." " Curse that convict dog. I knew he would jew us. Wait, only wait until I find him. God shield him then." " It might not have been his fault. You never can tell where they get to ? " " Oh, of course. What horses have you got ?" " I've got two thoroughbred unbroken colts worth a century each. The horse I'm riding is as valuable. It's the roan." " Never ! By jove it's good work. And Miller's ?" " His three are worth a hundred and fifty guineas." " How did you manage ?" " Easy enough. We found them all in the lower paddock near the stockyards. That was where they had worked themselves into a nook out of the weather. The wind made enough noise for us, to cover our escape." " Didn't you have trouble ?" " Not at first. It was easy enough getting alongside of them, but leading them out was another matter. The colts, however, had been partially mouthed previously, and offered us very little resistance. The job was to prevent them all getting away, But we fought with them well enough." " I'd have let the lot go. It would have looked like an accidental stampede." " Miller was for doing that, but I thought that perhaps we might only create some confusion so we slipped the other through the back, and broke a double panel the fence. Smithers had some rails sprung for us, you know, so that we smashed them without any noise." " Why did not Smithers come ?" " How should I know ? We waited about ever so long until we were afraid that the horses would be disturbed." " Nothing could have happened to him ?" " I don't think so. You see if anything had gone wrong with him we would have heard it. It's all fine or the horses would not have been there." " They didn't go there by themselves," said Barrett, testily. " But for all that I am still in a fog. I can't see how the animals got there so comfortably for you." " They were mustered there for Inspector Denham." " For Denham ?" " Wasn't he going to buy a mob from Ford and another lot from Dalrymple ?" " Well you needn't snap my head off. I don't know what the peeler is doing all the time. I only asked the question — what has become of Denham ?" " You seem to be very much concerned over that peeler you profess to despise. How the devil should I know where he has gone ? I'm not tied to his tail." " Well don't haggle over it," put in Simpson. " I think we will fasten up the horses until the others come." " Would it not be better if you went right on down the road and got ready so there is no delay ? We want to hurry in case of accidents." " There is no fear. They will not discover that the horses are gone before the morning, and then they will have some time to hunt. They are wild enough. Why that brute there," indicating a shadowy form with his finger, " nearly carried Miller into the river. We were both afraid, but anyhow we are here all safe. I hope the others will not be long." " Hush !" The hunter held up his hand as a warning. They listened. A low muffled sound was evident, increasing in volume momentarily, until they heard the distinct beating of horses' hoofs upon the damp earth. The next moment, a long wailing cry broke the stillness of the air. It was immediately taken up and replied to by Barrett in the call of the curlew." 'It is them boys," he said in explanation. Then five horses and two riders came upon them. James Harris and Jesse Wilson were the men with the animals which Dalrymple had yarded ready for Dermont Denham to purchase. But very few words were spoken amongst them. It had been an easy capture, and the five animals brought away from Dalrymple's paddocks had been a stolen upon whilst they were standing, heads over the slip rails, gaping half-sleepily into the mists of the night. They had joined themselves together into a group as horses will do when handled before turning out, and fell victims to the hands of the two cunning men. Quickly from out of the hut Barrett brought those he had secured there and led them behind the others. Then they all moved off silently towards the river. In a quarter of an hour they descended the long reach of roadway leading to the water. Here a sapling, cut down previously, was across the track, and to this the horses from the hut were tethered. The others were led into the water, and soon Simpson and Miller and Wilson were busy with eleven animals all towing behind a boat knee-deep in the shallows. Miller took the oars and rowed easily. The horses came quietly enough, wondering what the strange movements meant and soon the couple left on the bank saw them disappear into the river mists which hung about there very thick indeed. And then removing the sapling which served to tether the horses, Barrett and Harris mounted, and rode straight across the river and climbed the bank on the opposite side. " We needn't worry about making plenty of tracks," said Harris, " the more the better." " Just so. Do you think that they will be able to manage ?" " Oh, quite easily. There's nothing to stand in their way. After about a mile they come to the deep reach, where the horses will swim. They only need to lead a couple, you know, and the rest will follow. What has become of Smithers ?" " I don't know. It seems curious that he was not there. It is also strange as to where Denham has got to." " He may have been at Dalrymple's whilst we were there. " My word they'll be on our brass quick enough." " Have you left many tracks ?" " Oh, plenty. We sneaked up upon them quite close to the house where they were by the rails. The dogs gave us lip twice, and once young Dalrymple came out them off. He passed within five feet of where Wilson was lying." " Never." " He did. I had my barkers out, I promise you ; but he went inside out of the rain and into his room." " That was a close shave." " Too close for me, I can tell you. But after we went over to the horses and secured four of them before —" " Four ? You brought five." " He's a stranger, the odd one, I rode him." " A stranger ?" " Wilson had him from Miller. He says that Miller sneaked him yesterday, but I never heard from where. He's a shod horse, too." " That is curious. I only know of one more shod animal here. I never knew there was any other in the district. But he's a splendid creature." " Couldn't you rat half-a-dozen ?" " No time. We were afraid of the dogs barking again. It's fortunate that it was so wet. Their noses were not of much use. And just when we had grabbed the four, one fool of a filly squealed loud enough to wake the dead and cleared off again right off to the house, taking the lot with her." " Woke 'em up, I suppose ?" " You can bet on it. Tbe dogs yelped and barked at anything and everything. The fools of curs all ran in the wrong direction. They made noise enough for us to get right over the flat to where we had the other horses tethered. Then we made trucks in a great hurry. It was the easiest job I ever took, and yet it was risky. The horses came along as if they knew what was required of them. " How far do they go in the boat ?" " Right to the heath belt. It's nine miles straightaway from anywhere." " They will have a splendid start." " Good enough. Now it's breaking day, and I propose we have a snack. I'm half starved." " We need not hurry now. There in a good spot down here by a waterhole where we can give the horses a feed." The two men turned off the track to a small open piece of land where there was abundanoe of grass, and water in a creek running across its lower boundary. Here they dismounted, and hobbling three of the animals to prevent them straying, they proceeded to make their camp under the shelter of a she-oak tree, the thick fibrous foliage of which had shut out the weather, leaving a bed of dry wirey droppings from the limbs above to make themselves comfortable on. To Be Continued. 