NOVEL. The Troublesome Lady. BY PATIENCE STAPLETON. CHAPTER II—(Continued) I don't know what I did,' she said dazedly. ' Maybe because I rode my pony down past here, and Louis told him, or Annette. He was drunk and ugly when he struck me and kicked Skye out of the way. Skye tried to bite him, and I interfered. Then I think I fainted, for I woke on my bed all hurt and bewildered. Annette came creeping in, sort of scared, and said he was sorry and had gone off to the village, but I pushed her out and locked the door. When he came back and they were playing cards I climbed down over the roof and ran here across the fields, not in the road,—a long, dreadful way. Now you seem as if you were sorry I came !' She reached down, lifted her dog to her lap, and hid her face in its coat. ' I only cared for your sake,' he answered, softly. When she bent her head he could see the cruel marks on her throat, and she still sobbed as she spoke. Was ever man so placed ? He almost wished the coward who had struck her would come, that he could meet him ; then reason told him he had no right to settle this woman's quarrel. He wished she were his sister ; but did he in his heart ? How girlish and fair she was in the firelit room ! For a moment a fierce desire to keep her there, to defend her, swept over him. Then he said, almost coldly,— ' Will they not miss you, Mrs. de Restaud ?' ' Not that !' she cried, piteously. ' Call Minny.' I don't want to heat his name ! He never comes to my room when he has them there, you know, and he has told me never to open my door ; so I am safe until morning. I prayed all the way you'd be here and alone. I knew you could tell me how to get to the railroad. I saw away across the hills your light, and how I ran then ! I knew your dog would not hurt me, but I was afraid of cows ; there were some lying down, and they got up as I ran past, and I screamed right out, I was so scared. I watched you sitting here through the win- dow, your dog at your feet. You looked so good and kind, I felt I could go right in and tell you ; perhaps you had a sister who died, or some one you loved ; and you would hate to think they should go back to that dread- ful place, and you would think me alone and friendless, and help me.' She went to him and along to his arm, trembling and sobbing. ' You will not send me back ? you will not send me back ?' ' You know I will not ; but what shall I do, if any one should see you here ? Don't cry like that ; I can't think what to do. Try to be brave.' She lifted her tear-wet face. ' If you knew my life for two years, Mr. Oliver, you would think I had been brave. It is not fear that makes me cry now, only that you are kind and there is some one in the wide world who will help me.' ' Now sit down again,' he said, drawing the chair up for her. ' Let us plan what to do. Where is your aunt now ?' ' In Newcastle, Maine, my dear old home. She is my father's sister, and lives there all alone. She was out to visit me, but she and Henri quarrelled ; she is a great big woman, and she slapped him,—oh, I was so glad !' Vindictively,—and he just went into fits about it, the insult to the family honor. She thought, though, because I was married I must make the best of things ; she's a mem- ber of the Orthodox church back there, and they are very particular. I thought you could take me to the railroad and lend me the money to pay my fare ; he has all my money, you know, and never gives me any,—for fear, I suppose, I would run away. But Aunt Hannah will pay you : she's awfully honest, but she wants her due to the last farthing ; that's New England, you know.' She half smiled, and leaned back in the chair comfortably. The ridiculous dog was fast asleep after his trials. Oliver thought it not unlikely Mrs. de Restaud would take a nap too. He went swiftly and woke up Mike and sent him for his horses and the backboard. Mike looked out of the corner of his eye at the young woman ; he knew who she was, for he was an observing youth, and he whistled softly to himself while he harnessed the mettlesome horses. Oliver saw the look, and felt the first cold water of the world's criticism. ' Now, the money question need not bother you at all,' he said, coming back to her side. ' You see, I'm a well-to-do old bachelor, with no demands upon me. When you get to Maine you can send it back or not, just as you please. I owe you some- thing for that supper, you know.' ' That supper you had to gobble for fear of Henri ? Wasn't it funny ?' ' A case of boy and frogs : what was fun to you was death to me.' ' You were not afraid a bit,' she said, looking up with admiring eyes. ' I have thought of you so much since that day and I always pictured you afraid of nothing and doing all sorts of brave acts.' Oliver had a very uncomfortable feeling that he was decidedly afraid this moment of what the world would say. He could even fancy Doctor John's cool incredulous glance, and his ' Craig, haven't you had lessons enough in the past ?' and ' It's a dangerous path, old boy.' ' You are very kind to think of meat all,' he said, distantly. ' And, now, haven't you a hat ?' ' No, nor a shawl. I'll be a queer-looking traveller.' ' That Turkish dressing-gown of the doctor's,—could that be used as an ulster ?' ' It might by a lunatic. Perhaps I could play that,' she said, hopefully. ' Leave that for me, Mrs. Minny,' laughed Oliver : ' Doctor John will think after this I need play it. That, cap of his,—he don't look human in it, but you might try——' ' I have been looking at it. Does it do ?' putting it coquettishly over her curls. ' Very becoming. You could be eccentric, you know, and prefer to make your own hats ; for that has a home-made look. There, I believe he has a shawl. Doctor John is a regular old maid, luckily for us.' He brought her a thick gray shawl, which he draped over her shoulders. It quite covered her, and she looked very small and odd. ' You look like a child in its big sister's clothes,' Oliver said, abruptly leaving her. He was not made of iron, and she kept look- ing at him with happy affectionate eyes. ' Haven't you a shawl-pin ?' ' How could I, when I had no shawl ?' she laughed. ' Do you think women are pin-cushions ?' He departed and rummaged around in his room : then he returned in triumph with a diamond scarf-pin. ' Some woman gave me that atrocity ; it will do well for the shawl.' ' I am glad to take it away because a woman gave it to you. I hate to think of anybody else liking you. Is Doctor John a young man ?' Oliver thought she was either an experi- enced flirt or the most innocent of young persons, but her liking was so honest and apparent he felt the better for it. ' No, Mrs. Minny ; he is an old chap, like me. ' Besides, I'm twenty myself.' He put on hie overcoat in silence, and tnrned out the lamp. ' Most the dog go ?' he asked, resignedly. ' Of course. I would die without him.' Mike was waiting with the horses. ' Where will I be afther tellin' the doctor ye've gone, sor ?' he asked, calmly as if a midnight elopement was not unusual.' ' Tell him,' said Oliver, thoughtfully, ' that Mrs. de Restaud came to me for assistance to get to the railroad, and I took her there : there was nothing else to do. He must say nothing if De Restaud comes, and keep him from finding out, if possible, that I helped his wife. I trust to your Irish wit, Mike, to send him away from the cabin in the dark. If I can make it I will be back here by noon to-morrow.' ' The greaser livin' foreminst the wather- tank have a good harse, sor,' said Mike, as he cautiously released the horses' heads and they started down the road at a gallop. The night was warm and pleasant ; the chinook blew from far sun-warmed plains, and myriads of stars pierced the darkness. The road was fairly good, though seldom travelled, and lay mostly on an incline towards the plains. It took all Oliver's strength to hold the horses, shut in for a day or two and headed for Denver, where they keenly remembered the comforts of oats and a city stable. Mrs. de Restaud as the buck- board swung around often touched him ; she caught his arm once with a little cry as they plunged into a hollow ; but he talked dis- tantly of her journey, restraining any affectionate confidences on her part with references to the absent Aunt Hannah. She would go to Colorado Springs ; the train passed through, there ; she had a friend, —a poor woman—well, their washerwoman when she and mamma lived there that winter ; and this washerwoman was really a nice lady, who could buy her some proper clothes. ' But the money ?' she cried, in dismay, ' Have you got any with you ?' They were going up a hill, the horses panting' heavily. Oliver took a roll of bills and put them in her hand. As his fingers met hers, every nerve in his frame thrilled. ' This seems a great deal,' she said, timidly. ' Perhaps Aunt Hannah would not like to pay so much.' ' You need not spend it all, Mrs. Minny, then ; and, besides, the bills are small : that's what makes them seem so many. Now please put them carefully in your pocket, and don't let the dog chew them.' She laughed merrily. ' Of course not, you goose ! Oh, this ride is lovely ! I never saw horses go so fast. Even if he should follow us you would not let him take me.' She clung to his arm, but he freed himself gently. ' I have to drive, you know,' he said, coldly. He meant to do or say nothing that the whole world should not know, but it was very hard to be distant, she seemed such a child. He felt she cowered away from him at his words, hurt and frightened, but he forced himself to be silent. At last she said timidly,— ' I know you hate me, and I seem to realise all at once you are a stranger ; and I have asked of you more than one should even re- quire from an old, old friend.' ' Please, Mrs. Minny, don't. I am silent because I'm thinking of your journey, if we should miss the train, if the washerwoman should be dead or moved,—for washerwomen are migratory,—if even Aunt Hannah should fail you.' ' But the town will be there, and Mr. Perkins, the depot-master, is a neighbor ; his wife takes care of Aunt Hannah's cat and parrot when she goes visiting.' ' That, of course, alters things.' ' The only thing I fear from Aunt Hannah,' she said, dubiously, ' is a long moral lecture about the duties of married women and their having chosen a path—she says parth ; they do down there —and ought to walk in it. She wouldn't let me run away with herself.' ' Show her your bruises,' Oliver said, hoarsely. ' I will ; for she told me if he struck me I could come to her ; and sometimes, honestly, Mr. Oliver, I used to tease him so he would and I might have my chance.' Oliver whistled softly under his breath : he would not have liked Doctor John to hear that last speech. ' You must not tell her,' he said, quickly, ' about this ride and coming to my house.' ' Why not ? I would like her to know how good you were.' There was no need, but he slashed his horses angrily ; then, he said, curtly, ' I am sorry you cannot understand. Could you explain it satisfactorily to Mr. de Restaud ?' ' How cross you are ! and I know you look just as you did when I talked mean about him,—a sort of disgusted impatience. But he is not a reasonable being. Other people may be.' ' Would you have gone to those amiable friends of his for assistance to get to the railroad ?' ' Of course not. You know that.' ' Well, how is the world to know I am any better ?' ' I suppose being a lawyer makes you so smart,' she said, in a melancholy tone ; she assured her dog in a whisper he was the only being who loved her, her only friend ; that she was silly and frivolous, Aunt Hannah said, and seemed to be a great trouble to mere strangers of good dispositions. Oliver said never a word ; a little smile curved his lips, but he did not turn his head. Soon she grew quiet, and her head dropped against his shoulder, the soft wind lifting her curls to blow across his cheek. The dog, ornamented with the doctor's cap, slept in her lap. Across the level land before them crept the gray glimmer of the dawn. Rose- coloured light flamed in the far east, reflecting on the new snow on distant mountain-peaks. Prairie-dogs hopped out of their holes and sat on their hind legs discussing local politics and happenings, the bill to abolish free rents for rattlesnakes, and the extortions of horned owls. The Skye terrier disgustedly flung off the doctor's cap and barked angrily at the small dogs. Mrs. de Restaud lifted her head with a little start, blushed, and slapped the Skye terrier : ' Do he quiet, Skye,—I am afraid I tired you, Mr. Oliver.' He would have liked to say a sweet thing to her,—to most women he would, —but his role now was that of benevolent friend : so he only answered vaguely, ' Not at all,' as if he did not know to what she referred. The horses dragged themselves wearily forward ; it was six o'clock, and they had come fifty miles over a difficult road in less than seven hours. Two parallel lines of iron stretched far in the distance : the clumsy outline of a water- tank loomed up just ahead. The goal was reached, and away in the north a ribbon of smoke outlined on the sky proclaimed the coming train. Oliver lifted Mrs. de Restaud down. Skye rushed madly to the hole of a venturesome prairie- dog who had taken up a residence near the tank and was out enjoy- ing the morning air. The terrier found only vanishing shadow and vented his annoyance at this and all the other vagrant dogs in shrill barks. His mistrees was vastly amused : the strangeness of her undertaking had quite gone out of her head. Oliver, in some concern, gave her advice regarding her journey ; he was uncertain of his horses about the train, and had to stand by their heads : so Mrs. Minny frisked about with her dog, entirely confident her difficul- ties were over. ' You must send me word to Denver when you get to Maine,' he said, ' and be sure and make no acquaintances on the cars.' ' One would think I was just out of board- ing school.' ' The primary department,' he said, crossly. ' I wish you would be reasonable and listen a moment. I shall tell the conductor you are one of a camping-party and your mother is ill at Colorado Springs—that you had to leave in such a hurry to catch the train you had no time to get ready. If I must tell wrong stories for you, Mrs. Minny, please don't make me out in a lie the first thing.' ' How good you are !' she said, softly. ' I shall never, never forget what you have done for me. I shall say to myself, Minny, you may be frivolous—Aunt Hannah says as unstable as water—but one big handsome man is your friend and always will be.' ' Always, Mrs. Minny, to the end of my life.' The rush of the near train terrified his horses almost beyond control, and he was obliged to send her for the conductor when the train stopped for water. The obliging official showed no surprise at Oliver's inge- nious story : he was used to camping parties. He imparted the welcome news that the state room was vacant—she could have that —and accepted two fine cigars. ' My daughter is unused to travelling alone,' Oliver said, gravely : ' so will you telegraph for a carriage to meet her at the Springs, and see that she gets out at the right place ?' The conductor would be very happy to oblige. Then the young lady asked meekly if a dog, a very little one, might also ride in the state-room. ' He might,' said the official, ' if hidden under a shawl ; for if this precaution is not taken, on the next trip all the women in the train will be bringing along their dogs. And I guess it's time to get aboard.' ' Good-by,' said Oliver, holding out his hand. Mrs. Minny picked up her dog ; with it under one arm, she took Oliver's hand, reached up, and shamelessly kissed him, a ghost of a kiss touching his cheek. ' Good-by, papa,' she called, running to the car, and from the step waved farewell until the train vanished in the distance. Oliver, as he drove along the road by the track in search of the Mexican who had the good horse, was almost dazed. He could not forget that farewell. He was haunted by the presence of the little lady of the Trouble- some. He had not returned the kiss —well, there was no time—but how thoughtless, in front of the train ! and was there ever an- other woman like her ? He had never seen one. Trying as she was all that long way, could any man have played the role of honest friend better ? ' Not even Doctor John,' said Oliver. 