BIDDY McKEEN’S SMILE Remember Biddy ? Why, yes, I Bhonld rather think I do ! Sha waa wit h na when wo were stationed In Liverpool, and had yon oomfortable honso In Prlnoe'a Road. She was one of the nioest servants I had ever had. Besides being a good oeok, sho kopt everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestios. Ah, she was a perfeot treasure 1 It was an ill day for me when Biddy amlled. Yes, we took Biddy witb ns when we wore trans ferred from Cork, She never bothered about nights out or holidays. If she got out once a weok to early mass, from whloh she was always homo in time to prepare eight o’clock breakfast, and once to ohapel on Sunday, she waa oonient and happy, Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Barne’ese, and I had ar ranged to have painters in to do np tho drawing-room during hia absence, when Biddy asked if she could have a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend hor eldest brother’s wedding at Carrlgaline, “ Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting yo about at all It’s not for going I would be, but seeln' the master Is to be away, and thlm paintors cornin' mesain’ around, so as ye can’t have a bit o’ dacent oompany to divert yonrsilf, thinks I to meself, • Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is not to her mind she can but refuse, for sure.’ ” -I was only too pleased that things fitted in so weU, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore imagine my surprise, whsu, just that day week, Janet, our tall prim Sootoh table-maid, opened the morn ing-room doer, nnd Baid— “ Pieaso, mam, here’s Biddy !’’ I waB surprised to observe the ghost of a smile hover around Janet’s lips, a most unusual ooourrenca, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be deoked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black yelvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gor geous to behold, with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a perfeot garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a mement I gazed in astonishment j then I said— “ Well, Biddy, yon are what the Sootch oall ‘ unco braw ’ 1 I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. Wo did not expect you before Friday, It was good of you to oome baok as soon as you oould!'' “ Plase, mem, I’ve not oome baok,” said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty, “Not oome baok!" I cried,'laughing. “Why, Biddy, It’s a self-evident faot that you havo come baok I" “ Yes, mem,” Bays Biddy meekly; “ but not to stop, if ye plase.” “Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy I” asked I, utterly at a loss, Biddy looked down at the floor, then np at the oeiling, and then down at the floor onoe mere; twlated a volnminons white muslin pooket-handkerohlof — muoh be starohed—into a round ball as if she were making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information— " Sure, mem, I oan’t stop wld yen, for I ! have tuok a man I” “Took a man! Biddy, do you mean to tsll me you have gone and got married 2” “ Yes, if yon plase, mem.” And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve Into tears, “Biddy,"said I wrathfully, “I am dis appointed in you ! To go and deceive me in this way J Why did you not honestly tell me you were getting-married I I oeuld have been looking out for someone to fill yonr placo.” “ Oh, mem ! I never went for to doon ye. No, plase hoar me. Sure, I got ma rled unbeknown-liko to meself.” "NonBense, Biddy! Yon should I ashamed of yourself,” said I, angrily. “ By all the blessed saints it's the truth am after toiling yo, mom 1 Sure, I nev seed Terenoa O’Malley before I left tb house last weok, as suro as pfga is pigs Thero was no doubting the girl. Sho wi downright in oarnost. " Como, then; sit down nnd espial matters, Biddy.” “ Yos, mom, and thank jo kludly.” And Biddy mopped her oyes ahd ti whole of her good-humoured oountenano and commenced— “ Sure, then, I was just after taking n ticket for Cork, and some rough, ooar; drover-boys were squeezing mo out of the road—bad luok to their ill-mannerB I—win a well-put-on young man afore ma, Bays h ‘ Foung woman, here ye are ; slip In and 1 after gettin’ yer tioket, and I’ll keep the cattlo-faoya off ye I* Sure, glad waa I to d as he bid; and as I gathered np me ohant I IookB over me shoulder. ‘Thank v kindly,’ said I wld a smile. Sure, could do loss, I ax yo, mum 2" “No—oh, no.” “‘Bure, then,’says he, at me baok, ‘ like your smile,’ says he. “ So I looks round, and I smiled agin 1 “1 Ye be going to Cork ?’ said he. " ‘ Fer sure,’ says I, “ ‘ So is meself,’ says he. “ ‘ Indoed 2’ says I. !!¥6j ’ on to Carrlgaline,' says hi ' Indeed 2 sayH I. “' To me sister’s widdin’. She Ib gettii one Mat HcKeen.’ Never !’ssyB I. " ‘ For sure!’ says ho. "' Why, ho is mo bruddor,’ says I. " ' Never!' saya ho. Yes,’says I, " ' Shake hands!’ says he. ‘"With pleasure,' gays I, 'And gurt now, Is not that all about It, mem 1 Wa wi married yesterday,’ ” 