LONDON WEEK BY WEEK (By Emily Soldene.) May 29. This has been a wonderful Whitsuntide— wonderful in many ways, wonderful in weather (like midsum- mer), wonderful in the fact that on Sunday all the public museums and picture galleries were open to her Majesty’s lieges, wonderful in the mobs of people that went to the seaside, to the fields, to the country, picnicking and basking in the sun. There were ex- cursions to Dublin, Killarney, Sligo, Cork, and sta- tions in the South and West of Ireland ; to Belfast, Londonderry, and the North of Ireland ; to Liverpool, Bolton, Warrington, Blackburn, Blackpool, More- cambe, Manchester, Oldham, Leeds, Bradford, and other towns in Lancashire and Yorkshire, South Wales, the English Lake district, Carlisle, and Scot- land ; to the Birmingham and South Staffordshire dis- tricts, Leicester, Derby, Burton, North Wales, and the Cumbrian Coast ; to Brighton, Hastings, Dover, Portsmouth, Southampton, and the various tourist resorts on the South Coast and in the West of Eng- land. Wonderful that, in spite of the exodus, London was crammed with sightseers and holiday-makers. And that the suburban trains were only forty minutes late on Tuesday, morning. Forty minutes ! That’s all. Nice for business. * * * * The Queen, accompanied by Princess Christian, the Princess of Leiningen, and the Princes Leopold and Maurice of Battenberg, arrived at Balmoral from Windsor on Wednesday afternoon, the journey having occupied nineteen and a half hours. At Perth the Royal party was received by the Marquis of Breadal- bane and the Hon. Captain and Mrs. Drummond of Megginch. On leaving the train at Ballater at 4 o’clock, her Majesty was received with a Royal salute by a guard of honor drawn up at the station, and at once drove to the Castle, amid the cheers of the assembled visitors and residents. The weather was remarkably fine, and the Queen made the journey along the banks of the Dee in an open carriage. Her Majesty showed no signs of fatigue. * * * * His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales opened the Military Tournament yesterday at the Agricul- tural Hall, Islington. The show is now under the sole and entire control of the military authorities. The Prince’s party included the Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of York, the Duke of Cam- bridge, Prince Charles of Denmark, the Duke and Duchess of Teck, Prince Christian, and Princess Vic- toria of Schleswig- Holstein. * * * * A guard of honor, comprising a company of the 1st Battalion of the Scots Guards, under Captain Er- kine, received the Prince and Princess of Wales. A Royal salute was given as the Prince entered the Royal box. The army never was more fully repre- sented. The colonels and many of the field officers of the Brigade of Guards, Cavalry, and Infantry were in attendance in uniform, as well as nearly all the members of the committee and executive, including Major-General Lord Methuen (commanding the home district), Colonel W. H. Mackinnon, A.A.G. (vice- chairman), General Sir G. W. Higginson (chairman of the reception committee), General Sir R. Taylor, Lieutenant- General G. Moncrieff, Major-General H. Trotter (commanding West London Volunteer Bri- gade), Colonel W. F. Cavaye, Lieutenant-Colonel the Earl of Albermarle (12th Middlesex R. V.), and General Cameron. * * * * All Islington turned out, and at both performances, morning and evening, the huge building was filled to repletion. The arena was laid with bass. There were lots of flowers and drapery, flags, bands, and bagpipes, and there was a musical drive by D Bat- tery R.H.A., which woke up the blood of the spec- tators, who roared themselves hoarse at the stirring sight. “Heads and Posts” were not so cleverly shaved as they ought to have been. But the “lemon- cutting” was A1. A naval display by the boys of H.M.S. Excellent was brilliant, the lads mounting and dismounting their nine-pounder with immense smartness. The Scots Greys rode a musical double ride splendidly. * * * * The pageant is a grand, pretty, and effective dis- play of representative squads drawn from all the branches of her Majesty’s service. The only pity was that most of the men were not bona-fide speci- mens of our Aryan fellow-subjects, but indigenous Tommy Atkinses, “made up.” There were Chinamen and Canadians, Houssas and Ghoorkas, Pathans and Australians, and all the types of the British cavalry and infantry. * * * * Lord Wolseley is to visit the Hall to-day. * * * * The Prince of Wales will go to Ascot “privately” this year, in consequence of the Royal Family being in mourning, and none of the Princesses are to attend the meeting. The Queen has commanded that the Royal Stand is to be kept closed throughout the week, with all the blinds drawn down. The Prince will go to the races each day from London, travel- ling by special train from Paddington to Windsor, and driving to the course through the Great Park. Of course there will be no house parties either at Bagshot Park or at Cumberland Lodge, but the Duke of York, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Christian and Prince Christian Victor will all pro- ceed “privately” to the races. * * * * I hear the Duchess of Marlborough was as nearly as possible mobbed at the Drawing- room, not by the plebs outside, but by the patricians inside the Palace. Her Majesty had graciously given the entree for the day to our latest Duchess and her Duke. Lady Blanford, the Ladies Spencer Churchill, and Lady Henry Gordon Lennox. But after the pre- sentation everybody crowded round, and stared, which could not have astonished her Grace very much, as all American women stare at each other, and are much disappointed if no one stares at them in re- turn. The appearance of the young Duchess was very striking. The first impression was one of whiteness ; her dress was dead white, with wonderful laces. She carried no flowers, only a big fan of ostrich fea- thers tinting from pale grey to white. On her head was a tiara, at least 2in in height, topped by seven brilliants, quite as big as filberts, and the little soft feathers in her hair were also diamante. Roundvher neck were rows and rows of pearls — the Vanderbilt pearls, which the Duchess has had reset since her marriage. They, are arranged now as a high collar round her throat. * * * * She also wore a long rope of pearls twisted twice round the throat, and these pearls would have deemed immense if it had not been for the much larger and longer row which fell beneath them with pearls, which were as big as hazel nuts, while between every pearl was a diamond wheel. One of the strings of the pearl collar came undone at the “Drawing Room,” and two pearls were lost, but, fortunately, these were only small ones. * * * * After the “Drawing Room” there was a big “tea and tattle” in Lowndes Square, and Lady Bland- ford, looking charming in French grey and dia- monds, seemed more than delighted with her daughter-in-law’s success. * * * * People are saying “not for years” has there been such a brilliant sight as the Foreign Office reception on the Queen’s Birthday Night. The rooms were dreadfully crowded, though Lady Sal- isbury had decided that non-official people must wait for her next reception. Bands, upstairs and down, played the “Wedding March,” and the whole place was lovely with flowers from Hat- field. * * * * The Princess of Wales, dressed in white satin, with a high collar of pearls round her throat and a tiara of diamonds, was the most brilliant figure there. She looked very young, and was in good spirits. The Duchess of York was also in white, with beautiful diamonds, and everyone agreed that she was looking very handsome. All the embassies, and many duchesses, were present, all of whom (except the Duchess of Sutherland) took part in the Royal procession in to supper. The Duchess of Buccleuch, the Duchess of Devonshire, the Duchess of Cleveland, and the Duchess of Roxburghe, were loaded with jewels. The Duch- ess of Marlborough, dressed in blue, wore a very fine tiara, and a belt of diamonds, 2in deep around her waist. The Duchess of Portland, still in official black, was also very much be- jewelled. * * * * Quite the most interesting incident was the presentation of Lord Hugh Cecil to the Princess of Wales, and afterwards to the Prince. Both congratulated him on his brilliant maiden speech last week, while Lady Salisbury looked on and simply beamed with pride and delight. Lord Salisbury, whose official dinner was given in his own house in Arlington-street, seemed very well, and has quite lost the careworn look he had a little while ago. * * * * Of course the last nights before Whitsuntide were very busy ones — dinners and dances ; dances and dinners. But it is generally conceded that the ball of the season up to now was that of Mrs. Charles Wilson, to which all London went. The house was perfectly beautiful, and the at- mosphere delicious — heavy with the perfume of great masses of lilies, banked up on each side of the marble staircase. The ballroom was gor- geous — gold and white, with yellow silk hangings. The bands were stationed in the gallery. The hostess wore pale blue, with beautiful turquoises and diamonds ; her daugh- ter, Miss Enid Wilson, looked picturesque in white, embroidered with pale blue ; while among the smart women present were Lady Hartopp, in pink, with mauve flowers and emeralds and dia- monds ; Lady Yarborough, in black moire, shot with silver, and a tiara of diamonds upon her head ; Princess Henry of Pless, in rose brocade, with roses in her hair ; Lady Angela Forbes, in white tulle, with cherry-colored ribbons ; Lady Sarah Wilson, in black moire shot with green, and green-beetle embroidery on a bodice of pale pink, with a big black butterfly in her hair. There were also present the Duchess cf Roxburghe, the Duchess of Abercorn, Lady Ancaster, Lady Il- chester, Mrs. Arthur Wilson, Lady Jersey, &c.; * * * * Quite the most fascinating gowns at the Draw- ing Room were those glistening with diamonded and jewelled embroideries. There was never be- fore so effective and pretty a fashion. The for- tunate possessors, too, can comfort themselves with the satisfactory reflection that, costly though they may be, cheap imitations are impossible, as the result could not possibly be otherwise than tawdry. * * * * The newest fad of the new woman is to have her skirts and ahem ! unmentionables, made of men’s trousering material : and she don’t wear a collar and necktie any more, but an old-time black satin stock, stiff, and high. * * * * Pages, and sheets, and sides, and whole papers still devoted to the Russian coronation. The grandeur, magnificence, and most dazzling dis- play read like a new “Arabian Nights.” Here is the moment of coronation : “The youthful mon- arch takes from attendants the Imperial mantle and the diamond collar of St. Andrew, which he puts on while the Metropolitan of St. Petersburg pronounces the formula, “In the name of the Fa- ther, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen.” Then his Majesty commands in a gentle, but clear voice that the Crown be brought to him, which he receives, and, with his own hands, places upon his head, the same high ecclesiastic as before pronouncing the appropriate benediction. * * * * With exquisite softness of voice and gesture the Emperor called to him his Empress. A passing tremor seemed to me to shake the fair, tall form, which rose obedient to the summons. Alexandra Feodorovna sank on her knees before her august lord, her long hair loose upon her white neck, her splendid garments trailing in sheeny glory down the scarlet stairway, her ungloved hands meekly clasped, every inch a queen, though not yet crowned. The Emperor, with slow, deliber- ate movements, now raises the Imperial diadem from his own brows and lightly lays it on the un- covered head, afterwards replacing it upon his own. * * * * Then they bring him the little diamond diadem especially fashioned for the Empress, and, taking this with both hands, his Majesty himself places it upon the head of the kneeling Empress. In like manner his Majesty receives and puts upon his fair consort the Imperial purple mantle, lined with the whitest ermine, and the diamond collar of St Andrew, with its azure sash. The choir chant, “Lord preserve the Emperor, Lord pre- serve the Empress,” followed by the rolling, so- norous refrain, “Ad multos annos” — “for many years.” The cannons roar, and the people out side shout, “Lord, preserve the Emperor and the Empress.” * * * * Speaking to a Russian gentleman yesterday of the wonderful way in which the coronation had been managed, and saying how glad everybody was that nothing awful had “happened. “Yes,” said he; “but of course that sort of thing is only a question of time.” * * * * Everybody is going mad over alpaca — a perfect craze. The call is so great, they say the stocks will soon give out. It is worn in all colors — white, grey, silver-grey, fawn, brown, black, all sleek, and shining. Made into dresses, tippets, capes, dust coats, long, short, and middling ; trimmed with satin and endless satin ribbons and bows and rosettes. * * * * Fancy having a “night out” on the Great Wheel. Sixteen hours up among the stars. That’s what occurred to seventy people last week. The ma- chinery went wrong, the wheel stuck, and there was no help for them. It was. too dreadful. Sol- diers and sailors and policemen anxious to get to their duty. Ladies out with other people’s hus- bands, and gentlemen out with other people’s wives, anxious to get back to their duty. Hun- gry, thirsty, cold, miserable, frightened to death. There was no knowing one moment from another whether the “thing” would not start off wildly on its own account, and whirl them into everlast- ing space. * * * * At the outset the captives largely relieved their feelings by sending down messages for transmis- sion to their friends. These were written for the most part upon the backs of envelopes or small scraps of newspaper. One young gentleman of a hopeful disposition advised his family that he was perfectly safe, but “could not get down for an hour or so.” One lady telegraphed that she could not say when she would be home, and that in the meantime the children were to be well look- ed after. The pencilled communication of a young lady was that she was “stuck up in the wheel- but was all right, and would be home as soon as possible.” One wag drew up an advertisement, intimating that he had a nice, airy flat to let, and that replies could be forwarded to the top of the Great Wheel ; while a young gentleman, evidently in some trepidation as to the morrow, sent down a modestly-worded dispatch to the ef- fect that he regretted he could not come to the office as early as usual. * * * * The company have “made it up” to them — pre- sented each detained one with a £5-note — and now all London is rushing to the wheel in the hope that it will repeat the eccentricity off last week. * * * * A Battersea schoolteacher writes to the paper : “Last time I was examining my class on verbs. I asked the present, past, and future of the verb ‘to ride,’ and a small boy, hardly taller than his desk, promptly replied, ‘Ride,’ ‘raid,’ ‘Rhodes.’ Some of the others laughed, and some cheered. This Transvaal business has much to answer for.” * * * * Mr. Hare has returned from the States, and says : “I am not going to act in London in all probability this year. I shall commence a tour in Canada in October, at Montreal, and shall finish at Chicago in the following May. I have signed a contract to return, under the direction of Mr. Charles Frohman. In the meanwhile I shall rest.” * * * * Then he tells a funny Yankee yarn. Someone said we were going to Pittsburgh. “Pittsburgh !” cried another ; “It is an awful place. If I owned hell and Pittsburgh I would mortgage Pitts- burgh.” * * * * That’s a libel. Pittsburgh is not at all a bad place. At least, it was not during the natural gas spell. During that period it used to be black- er than Sheffield or Coatbridge, and the water of the “Monanghela” was that “yaller” and thick that one came out of one’s bath much dirtier than one went in. But still, under any circum- stances, it does not come up to my idea of h— . * * * * At the Tivoli Music Hall there is being played an entirely new and original monologue (with song), by Clement Scott, entitled “The Boys, or Advance Australia.” His Imperial Majesty William — second to none — is getting stout, and his doctors have ordered him to discontinue drinking ale. * * * * I read that the Emperor of China is editor-in- chief of the “Pekin Gazette,” and that his mother and the Cabinet manage the sub-editing depart- ments between them. What a gay old time the printers of the paper must have ! * * * * Yesterday in the Strand I saw Mr. Joseph Tap- ley, looking well and jolly. He is to open at the Court Theatre in “Nitouche” on Monday next. Talk about the long arm of coincidence ! As I walked home I recollected it was a year that very day since I had seen him. He came to my hotel in Sydney and begged me to let him off singing “Ange Pitou“ at my matinee on the following Wednesday — “his wife was ill and want- ed him in Melbourne.” He “thought he could get away Saturday morning.” But his duties at the theatre kept him. He did not get away till Sun- day ; and then it was too late. Poor, dear Violet! A year — a whole year. How time passes! * * * * Lady Londonderry’s new yacht is probably the most perfect miniature craft in the world — built of cedar and mahogany, the metal- work of silver- plated aluminium, with gold beading and scroll- work, the sails of silk. Fancy going through the world all the days of one’s life and not knowing that yachts some- times have sails made of silk. Well, there are several yachts in my family, but I never heard tell of silk sails until last week. Fact is, I am not interested in yachts. Something about 4000 tons does for me when I go to sea. Still “silken sails” sounds lovely and fairylike — South Sea Is- lands, soft breezes, scarlet hibiscus, coral reefs, no sartorial fixings to speak of, and continual fine weather. * * * * The latest thing in notepaper is a pale sage green, either plain or with a narrow border of white or sealing-wax red, and pale lilac looks very pretty. The sheets are smaller than have been lately used, and the envelopes, which have a border to match, are oblong in shape. All kinds of sealing-wax are now to be had, and of course there are sticks of sage green to match the note-paper. * * * * Two hundred and fifty pounds is a long price even for a golden penny, but this is the sum which was given last week by Spink and Son, of Piccadilly, for a coin which was made in the reign of Henry III., but almost immediately withdrawn from circulation. Specimens are now so rare that only three can be traced, and of these two are in the British Museum, while one is in a private collection. * * * * My special cricketer writes : “The Australians defeated a private scratch team at the Crystal Palace with ludicrous ease, and it is humiliating to confess how completely the English side were over-matched. Giffen took seven for 15, and Gre- gory made a century.” * * * * Max : “These advanced women are getting things down to a fine point, aren’t they ?” Billy : “Yes, indeed. They’re actually leaving between the acts to go out and see a woman.” __________________________________________ /Yankee Doodle dalnu the highest place In dark ?Vjto^raccct^r-B. - .'''??; ;. -.''??.? ? -..-..? ^Colemaiie and Sons' Special OU for rheumatism.— 0. ? 