ENCYCLICAL LETTER ON THE BOSA&T.; , OFFICIAL TRANSLATION. (Concluded.) . DIVINE FAITH AND THE ROSARY. Yet another excellent fruit follows from the' Rosaay, exceedingly opportune to the- character of our times. This W« have referred to elsewhere. It is that, whilst the virtue of Divine Faith is daily exposed to so many dangers amd ajtotacks, the Christian may here derive nourishment and strength for his faith. Holy Writ calls Christ <tflie " Author and finisher of faith" (Heb. vii., 2)—the "Author" because He taught men many things which they had to believe, especially about Himself, in whom "dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead" (Goloe. il, 9), and also because He mercifully gives the power of believing by the grace and, as it were, the unction of the Holy Ghost; the " Finisher," because in Heaven, where He will change the habit of faith into uhe splendour of glory, He openly discloses to them 'those things which they have seen in this mortal life as .through a veil. Now, Christ sitands forth clearly dm the Rosary. We behold in meditation His life, whether His hidden life in joy, or His public 'life in excessive toil and sufferings unto death, or His glorious life from rate triumphant resurrection to His eternal enthronement aA . the right hand of the Esther. And since faith, to be full and sufficient, must display itself—for .with the heart we believe unto justice, but " with the mouth confession is made unto salvation" (Rom. x., 10)-rso have we ako in the Rosary an excellent means unto this, for by those vocal prayers with which it is intermingled we are enabled to express and profess our faitn in God, our most watchful Father; in the future life, the" forgiveness of sins; in the mysteries of the august Trinity, the Incarnation of Hie Word, the Divine Maternity, and others. All know the value and merit of fairh. For faith is just like a most precious germ, producing now the blossoms of all virtue by which we are pleasing to God, and hereafter to bring forth fruits that will last for ever : " for to know Thee is perfect justice, and to know Thy justice and Thy power is the root of immortality" (Wisdom, xv., 3). It is here the place to add a remark respecting the duties of those virtues which faith rightly postulates. Among them is the virtue of penance, and cme part of this is abstinence, which for more reasons than one is necessary and salutary. It is true the Church is growing more indulgent towards her children , in this matter, but they must understand they are bound to take all care to make up for this maternal indulgence by other goodf works. We rejoice for this reason also to propose particularly •the use of. the Rosary, which is capable of producing worthy fruits of penance; especially by the remembrance of. the sufferings of Christ and His Mother. To those, therefore, who are striving after supreme happiness this means of the Rosary has been most providentially offered, and it is one unsurpassed for facility and convenience. For any person even moderately instructed in his religion can make use of it with fruit, and the time it occupies cannot delay any man's business. Sacred history abounds with striking ;md evident examples. It is well known that there have been many persons occupied in most weighty functions" or . absorbed in laborious cares who have never omitted for a single day this pious practice. Combined with this advantage is that inward sentiment of devotion which attracts minds to the Rosary, so that they love it as the intimate companion and faithful pr-Jtector of life; and in their la=c agrny they embrace and hold fast to it as the dear pledge of " the unfading Crown of glory." Such a pledge is greatly enhanced by the benefits of sacved indulgences, If properly employed; for the devotion of the .Rosary has been richly Endowed with, such indulgences by both Our predecessors and Ourselves. These favours .will certainly prove most efficacious to iboth the dying and the departed; being.-bestowed, as it were, by the hands of the merciful Virgin, in. order that they may the sooner enjoy the -eternal peace and light they .have desiredi r :.v '.> < "'< • > • • PRAYER: FOR THE .REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. " • i > ' These considerations, Venerable Brethren, move 'Us incessantly to extol and recommend' to Oatthblic' peoples •this excellent: anil most salutary fohn of devotion. Yet-another very urgent reason, of: 'lifflPS v often spoken, . ;both ^l^fin^/iipila^ot^: tions,' learnt from thW^O^h^^eS^^i^^Ts, of fostering.;,t^Sj^^ aiswig ttrtse wiipjare j^paWuteSl fwtia Us daily urges Usimore presslngly to action ; - and, we. are convinced „ that this most excellent Reunion cannot be better' prepared and strehgtheed than by the power of prayer. The example of Christ is before Us, for in, order that His disciples, might. be., one in faith and charity, ,He poured forth prayer and supplication to His Father. And -concerning the efficacious prayer of His Mos t Holy Mother for the same end, there is a. striking testimony in the Acts of the,Apostles. Therein is described the' first, assembly of the disciples,: expecting with .earnest hope and prayer the promised fulness of the Holy ; Spirit. . . And. the presence of Mary united with them in prayer is specially indicated: "All these were persevering with one mind in prayer with Mary the Mother of Jesus " (Acts L, 14). Wherefore as the nascent Church rightly joined itself in .prayer with her as the patroness , and most excellent custodian of Unity, so in these times it is most opportune to do the same all over the Caitholic world, particularly during the whole month of October, which We have long ago decreed to be dedicated and consecrated, by the solemn devotion of the Rosary, to the Divine Mother, In order to implore her for the afflicted Church. Let, then,' the zeal for this prayer everywhere be re-kindled, particularly for the end of holy Unity. Nothing will be more agreeable and acceptable to Mary ; for,. as ,she, is most closely united with .Christ,.,she especially wishes and desires that ithey who have received the same Baptism with/ Him - may be united with Him and ,with one another in the same faith and perfect charity. So may the sublime mysteries of this same faith by means of the Roisary devotion be more deeply impressed in men's minds, with the'happy result that "we may imitate what they contain and obtain what they promise." Meanwhile, as a pledge of the Divine Favours and Our affection,. We most lovingly impart to you, your clergy and people, the Apostolic Benediction. Given at St Peter's inRpinv; September, 1896, in the^SM^- Our Pontificate. 