TRE'TREMAYNES; o n A. Dream of Dove. CHAPTER XVI. THE COUNTESS MEETS WITH DEFEAT. Meanwhile, the :arl remained buried in thought). He dido nt like the refer ence to Lady Frances Travers, and at- length decided to see her without delay. She should not be misled anv longer. He wrote a lew lines to his mother, stating that he was going away at once for a while. It might be a month or a year Everything was absolutely at her own control. Oh, how these words stabbed her ever afterwards ! He left the note on his table, knowing that it would ultimate ly fall into her hands, and left the house without a word to any one. He hired a cab, and told the man to drive quickly to Lady Travers, Park-lane. In ten minutes he was being effusively welcomed by Lady Travers, who was somewhat astonished by his hurried call. ' Is the countess with you ?' she asked. ' No,' replied Athol. ' I have ccmc in a cab alone, and upon a matter of impor tance, Can I see Lady Frances ?' Lady Travers looked up at him mis chievously, arid yet she was perplexed — anxious. He did not look like a lover who had something pleasant to say — but, then, Athol Dudley had always been different from other men. ' Stay here,' said Lady Travers, ' and I will send Frances to you.' She left the room, and the earl, walked to the window, xie gazed moodily into the street, which 'was now alive with fashionably-dressed people, many of whom he knew. He noted their smiling, faces, and wondered if there was one in all the vast throng at whose heart gnaw ed the canker-work of despair — whose' pain was equal to his own. He dropped into a Ifuteuil, and a deep sigh, that was almost like a groan, escap ed him. He lelt that there was no creature on earth so utterly miserable and hopeless as he. Life was a dreary blank, and the grave appeared to be his only re lief. He buried his face in his hands, and it was in this attitude that Lady Frances found him : he did not know that she had entered the room, until her sweet soft voice fell upon his ears, ' Athol, mamma says that you want me.' CHAPTER. XVII. ' SHE COULD NEVER BE WICKED OR FALSE.' ' Athol, mamma says that you want me.' Lady Frances had unconsciously diop- ped into the old familiar way of speaking to the earl. It was the first time that she ha& addressed him so since her re turn from the continent, and she blushed a little, her eyes shining happily the while, He raised his white face, and her look look changed to one of disappointment and alarm. Only the day before had the Countess of Lytte whispered to her that Athol would speak soon, and Lady Fran ces considered him as much her own properity as thoughjit had all been set tled between them long ago. Perhaps he had come to tell her now that he lov ed her — that he wanted , her to be his wife very soon — and for the first since they were children ' press her to his , heart 1 How well, she re membered the last kiss ! It was quite ten years ago.- At a New Year's gather ing, 'or something of the kind, and he had whispered that she was his little sweet heart ! How women remember these things. He had not kissed or embraced her since then — since that happy evening — long, loner ago. They had felt shy of each other, because their future had b cen so much (discussed by their parents ; but they belonged one to the other none the less. She believed that with ail her heart, and the knowledge made her happy. ' Athol, you are not well ; you are ill,' the girl said. ' No, I am well enough, Lady Frances,' the earl replied, pulling himself together by an effort, and summoning a ghost of a smile to his face. 'I want you to sit near to me, for I have something that has been on. my mind from the moment you and my mother took me up at the Marble Arch.' Lady Frances blushed again, and her shy, happy eyes sought his gloomy ones. What could lie have to say to her — what was there to tell her but the old sweet story that she had been expecting — that the countess had assured her would be told her very - soon. But why did the earl look so gloomy about it ? Surely- he could not for one moment doubt that. she loved him — that she was his wholly and solely ? Yes,' she said, gently. ' I am listen ing.' ' We shall not.be disturbed, because I have so much to say to you, Lady Fran ces, and I must tell my story now, or you may never hear of it.' She wasJstartled by the wild look in his eyes ; she could not understand him! and an icy chill swept over her heart. ' Mamma knows that we are here' she said, ' and will permit no one to interrupt us : but if it . ,vill. be . any satisfaction. to, you, Athol, I will turn the key1 in the lock.' He watched her graceful figure as she stepped across the room, and for the second time that week he had to acknow ledge that she was a lovely woman — a possession that any man might be proud of. If he hid his.grief from her — if he married hermit would' make her hapipy at least. He had no other aim— no other object in life. : Then flashed before his mind's vision the passionate and beautiful face of the woman who had deceived him, and he sh»vcred as though chilled. Tt was better to face the worst at once ; he believed that it would be more painful to him to tell his story to Lady France, than for Lady Frances to listen. He would at least be honest with her, and if her sufferings were keen, his were keener. Mis resentment towards the countess in creased when he looked into the girl's anxious and expectant fare. Here was more of her well-meant, but cfficious meddling, and his heart almost failed him, ' Lady Frances,' Athol "began, ' .T. am in trouble : I have met with a scvci'e disap pointment, ana for ;i time I have deter mined to .travel — to go away from the hateful, senseless glamour of society at once, or I shall go mad. I have come to you, Lady Frances, as my mother seems to think that there is some obligation or bond between us. Because our estates joined, and we were children together, our parents have hoped to "join our hearts — or at least our hands, thinking that a marriage between us would harmonize with theii wishes and ambitions.' ' Lady Travers had become deaGily white, and her hands trembled. ' I am told, Lady Frances, that you re gard this arrangement as binding — that you are willing to sacrifice yourself to the whims of your mother and mine.' ' No — no,' whispered the girl. ' Then you do not wish' he be gan. ' I would not marry you, Athol, if I did not love you with|my whole heart and soul,' she cried, hiding her face. ' Who has been telling you that I do not love you— that I would drag you into a love less marriage ? I gave my heart to you long ago ; it is yours now.' ' You do not understand; he said, bitterly. 'Frances, can you not sec that I have no love to give to you — that I want you to be fiec?' She gazed at him in a way that he never forgot. That look haunted him for a lifetime , had she heard aright; was he. jesting ? Then his earnest and troubled face convinced her. He did not'oveher. j He never could love her : a sharp cry of | pain burst from her lips. Oh, the agony, ' the humiliation, the shame of it ! And : this was his trouble ; The countess had told him that it was time for him to speak ' to her, and his heart had spoken. ( ' Frances,' he whispered, gently, ' my ! anguish is almost too much for me. want you to help me, if you will — to help . me to be strong.' j 'My lord,' she replied, bitterly, 'I have ! made my confession. You will think none the worse of me for it ? I have look- j ed upon you as my lovei for so long — > you, and you on'y. You have my love; I cannot t ilce it away , If 1 am never to be your wife, let me be your dearest friend. ' Your happiness will be my hap- , piness ' A few tears dropped down " her cheeks, but she bravely blushed them away. ' Now tell me, she said, ' why you are so very unhappy — avhy you are leav ing us. ' Lady Frances, I am afraid that I cannot tell you,' the earl murmured. ' You have made it so much harder than I expected. You .will think me cruel ; you will have no sympathy with me, and yet I would rather you heard it from my lips than from thel/ihg tongueof rumour. To be brief, Lady Travers, my heart is broken, and a woman is the cause of it. 1 see that you start ; you did not dream that I had ever thought of love, or had presumed to thwart the wishes of the countess. But It is true — it is only too true.'" ' Do I know the glady ?' whispered Lady Frances, softly; can I help you ?' ' The woman who won iny heart, only to cast it from her with scorn,' proceeded the earl, ' was my mother's companion; — Miss Tremayne. . You have seen her often, Frances ; you have talked with her, walked with her, and were good friends. Tell me, what did you think of her? Would you have deemed her false, would you have credited her with wick edness.' 'No,' said Lady Frances, 'she could never be wicked or false ; we were fiiendly, very friendly, but I have not seen Miss Tremayne for a year ; the countess would tell me nothing concerning her when I made inquiries, She could never be wicked or false, Athol.' ' But she is,' he went on, scornfully. ' She and the; countess quarrelled about me, and Miss Tremayne went home, and straightway out of my life for ever. She did not trouble to communicate with me, 'aiidrit took me a long time to find . her. I heard ugly stories about her in ugly places." I loved her — I trusted her too well to believe one word of what was told to me.' ' But you doubted her a little ; I can see that you did,' observed Lady Frances, and no true woman can forgive that. ' I was angry,' confessed the earl. 'Bat listen Lady Frances. After much trouble, I found out where Miss Tre mayne lived ; I went to her home at night, and found her there with another lover.' ' Another lover !' exclaimed the girl. No, no, I cannot helieve that.' 'But I tell you that I did ; I saw their shadows on the blind, and I waited until they came one into the garden ; I heard words of love — I heard kisses.' "And then ?' ' I derrianded who the fellow was, for my heart was bursting with jealousy, rage, despair; and my life is wrecked— is desolate.' Lady Frances was silent for a few minutes, then she looked up, saying : . ' This is a sad story, Athol. but I can not believe that this man was a lover, if Marian Tremayne was your promised wife. What explanation did she offer, or were you toe angry to listen, to her ? Depend upon it, you are wrecking your own life by your impetuosity — by your temoer and your pride.' ' No. no.' He laughed harshly. 1 1 am surprised that ycu defend her; I did not expect that you would, and yet I am glad. She refused to tell me who the man .vas ; she could not denyj her wickedness, her guilt, but became indignantly heroic, and ordered me to leave her for ever. She declared that she hated me for suspect ing her ; that she would not marry me if I begged of her to do so on my knees.' 'That is proof that she was innocent of any wrcng,' said Lady Frances, firmly, a new light coming into her eyes. 'You forgot,' he went on. brokenly, ' that what I saw with my own eyes; was what I had been told to expect ; you mean well, Lady Frances, but the good ness of your heart leads you into sophis try that is worse than fallacious ; I would give the whole of my fortune if I. could believe you ; I would give my fortune to know that I had misjudged |tbe woman I hoped to make my wife — the only woman I can ever love ; I feel that I have in a measure dore my duty by telling you all, and I shall go away knowing th 't you do not quite regard me as a villain,' Lady Frances was too agitated'to speak for a few moments ; then she took one of ( his hands between hers, and he felt a varm tear fall upon it. ' I can neveisthink ill oi you, Athol,' she said, ' and aalbsorry for this trouble that has come into your life ; I know that it must be teri'ible.' There was a slight catch in her voice, and she pressed one hand to her side ; ' I know that it must be ierribie, but you have misjudged Marian Tremayne.' He rose with a sad, hopeless sort of smile, and pressing a light kiss upon her cheek, whispered : ' Good-bye.' ' Fcr the last time ?' ' For the last time,' he said , ' speak for me to your mother and to mine. I den't want any fuss, and I feel that most of my sorrow is due to the countess ; some day I will forgive her ; I cannot' quite do it now. 1 can see that she exult over my defeat, 'Athol!' ' It is true, Frances ; you are my only woman iriend ; you are enshrined in my heart for ever.' » ' But you will tell rre where you are going?' she asked, her face wet with tears. ;T do not know myself; good-bye.' He piessed her hand tightly, and was gone. Lady Frances could restrain heiseU no longer, but fell to the floor in a swoon. In this state she was. found an hour laLr by Lady Travers and the Countess of Lytte. The countess had seen her son's note and followed him to Lady Travel's She was in a state of great agilation, and when she knew that l.e was really gone, she felt that her plans had ended badly indeed. CHAPTER XVIII. MARIAN IS DESOLATE INDEED ! When the old musician recovered from his fie, there were two men at his bedside — the doctor and a stalwart young fellow who remained a little in the background. He gazed at them in a meaningless fashion then his eyes roved round the room. ' So far, this is very satisfactory, Bates,' the doctor observed. '. I don't think that he will be dangerous ; softening of the brain and gradual decay rarely produce violent cases ; I will try. him at my own place for a week, and in the meantime get the opinion of other members of the profes sion. I want to put these'poor girls to as little expense as possible ; what a mercy it would have been for them if he had died.' For a quarter of an hour they watched their patient carefully, and he gradually became wakeful and sucked his thumbs in a childish way. 'Well, sir,' Bates said, at length, I sup pose we must think of moving him ; there's no madness here, he's just gone silly, that's all, poor old chap, and they do say that he was a clever man in his time. ' Look after him where he is,' the doc tor replied. ' Wash him and feed him. I'll be ba;k with my own carriage in a couple of hour's time. I must go below now to arrange with the' young ladies.' Bates nodded, and Dr, Parker went downstairs, where Marian was waiting for him, whice-faced and hollow-eyed, ' Not so bad as I expected,' he said, briskly. ' Pie has resigned life and stren gth, and is very quiet. I am coming back, to him shortly, and in the meantime ' let your servant take my man what he requires.' . ' May I see my father now ?' Marian asked, a choking sob in her throat, ' Time enough when I come back,' the doctor replied. ' Now, my dear young lady, I must come down to business, pure and simple. Your father will be a great expense, I fear, and I want you to give me au idea of your position, so that I may help you and advise j ou ; There is alreay a mat ter of some ten guineas due to me, as your father seemed to ignore the fact, 1 gat her that you have not too much money to spare.' ' Need you refer to this , now ?' Marian asked, a little hurt, It seemed so cold blooded to refer to money when she was so heartbroken. . ' " ' ( To be continued.) Fob Isdioestion, thn Best Remedy is Undoubt edly Norton's Camomile Pills. They 'can con fidently be recommended as being mild in operation and absolutely free from injurious drugs, acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they have proved Unequalled for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Livor and. Stomach complaints. . Sold in bottles Is lid,' 2s 9d, and lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, safe, and certain remedy. onut foux to man the pumps. Dear, dear! When you come to think of it how closely related things are ; how one thing brings up another. Ideas are like a lot of beads on a string, aren't they r A letter I have just been reading makes me remember what happened to me oncwinter about twenty years ago. The story is too long to tell here, so I'll merely give you the tail end of it, I was supercargo on a bark bound from London to Rio.' A tremendous gale, lasting live days, wrecked us. Forty eight hours after it ceased there were four men and no more ieft on the vessel. The captain hao been killed by a falling spar, 'liree of the crew washed overboard, and the rest of the ship's company (save us four) went awsy in the long boat with the first and second mates. We were taking in watet through aleak ,it the rate of six inches an hour. Working with all our might the four of us could pump that out in foity minutes, but we must do it every hour. It was awful woilc. For two days we kept it up, without sleep. Then we stepped, look to the quarter boat and shoved off. The sea was quiet — no wind. While we lay to within a mile of her the ship threw up her nose and went down stern first. We were picked up thn next da) by a Danish brig. N ew the odd thing is that the letter which re minded me of that experience has nothing what ever to say about ships. Please help me to find out the association. The lady who writes the letter says that in July. i88i. she got a bail fright. Exactly what it i was she doesn't tell. I wish she did. Anyway I it so upset her that she didn't get over the effects of it for nine years. After that her appetite fell off; she lost all real relish for loed, and what she did eat only made trouble instead of nourishing her. It gave her pain in the pit of the stomach and (curiously enough) between the shoulders. She says her eyes and skin presently turned yellow as a buttercup. Her face and abdomen swelled, and her feet the same, the latter so much so that she was obliged to have her shoes made larger. "I got little sleep at night," she said, 'and was in so much pain Iliad to be propped up with pillows. For weeks together 1 could not lie down in bed. I had a dry, hollow cough, and bad night sweats. Then diarrhoea set in, and my bowels became ulcerated, I was often in dreadful agony for forty eight hours at a time. Then I would have a chill as though a bucket of cold water were poured down my bacn. 1 got so low 1 could no longer sew, knit, or do any housework or look after my children. My sister had to come and help in the house. Everybody said L was in a decline and must die. What I suffered tor eight years tongue cannot tell. The doctor could do nothing for me. He said my complaint ,vas complicated and had to deal with. In 1 886 I went as an outdoor patient ta the Shrewsbury Infirmary, but only got transient relief." The writer is in good health now, but why did her case remind mfe of' the shipwreck ? Lei's settle that first. The association is easy and natural. Just see. The ship sank because we four tnen hadn't the strength to pump out the water as fast as it came in. Twenty men might have got her into port. It is the las' straw that breaks the camel's hack ; the last unapplied neeii that makes poverty abject and desperate. These bodies of ours carry the seeds of disease with them all the time — chiefly (he poisons creat ed by imperfect digestion, m de wnr,ebv careless habits. But as long as nothing extraordinary happens we manage to scrape along in a half-and- half sort of (ashion. Yet we've got in our blond the s'uff that any ol a dozen diseases is made ol, only waiting for something to set it afire. Wlnle the liver, kidneys, lungs and skin keep us fairly lice — that :s, don't let the load gel too heavy —We -iy. "Oh, yes, I'm tolerably well, tli.nk you." Little pains and unpleasant symptoms bother us now and then, but we don't fancy they mean anything. By-and-by something happens. A cold, .too hearty a meal, a night of dissipation, an aflliction through death or loss of pioperty, a fright, as in Mrs. Bunce's case, Ac. Over we g". The last straw has crushed us. One loose spailc luis blown up the barrel of powder. The crew is too small to save the slrip. The kidneys, liver, skin, and stomach strike work, and we must have help right away or perish. AIL of which menus 'the explosion of latent indigestion and dyspepsia poisons in the blood. There! isn't it plain why I thought of the ship 'i Now for tiio conclusion of the lady's story, hc says: "In 18S9 I first heard ot Mother Seigel's Curative Sytup. Haifa bottle made me feel better, and by keeping on taking it I was soon strong and well as ever, (signed) Mrs. Ann Bunco, The Park, Wnrlhen, near Shrews bury, February 22nd, 1S93; If there were onlv a way to save sinking ships as certain and trustworthy as Mother Seigel's medicine is in the case of sinking human budies what ablessingit would be to poor sailors. Death of Mrs. O'Connor. —Mrs. O'Con ntir, wife of Mr. James O'Connor, Upper Bur rowa River, the victim of a gun accident died on "Wednesday morning from exhaustion and shock to the system, Mr. J, F. Makmson P, M., Coroner, held an inquest onThursday, and the evidence as to the occurrence was similar to that already given. About noon on the previous|Thursday, Mr, O'Connor loaded a gun with powder and coarse salt, intending the charge for a troublesome bullock that was in the crop. He was working the hammer to ease its action, and at the time Mrs. O'Con nor entered the house, when in some way un explained the hammer hit the cap, and the gun going off, the charge shattered her right leg below the knee. Dr. Hoets was sent for, and after attending to the injury recommend ed her removal to Burrowa, for more ccnstan attendance. On the following day, ampu tation of the leg below the knee was deemed necessary, and Drs. Hoets and Neill perform ed the operation. Deceased was a delicate woman, between 55 and 60 years of age, and had suffered from heart disease, rasthma, and dropsy. The exhauscion was great, and from the first it was. thought hardly possible that she trould recover. The jury returned a ver dict that death occurred from injuriesre eived by the accidental discharge of a gun, 