LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. CENTENARY SERMON. At iStrj-.v Memorial Congregational Cfnirch 011 Thursday evening the Rev. Dr. Jefferis preached sermon in connection with the celebrations in Adelaide of the centenary of Lhe London Missionary Society. There w.is a fair attendani-e. Among those on the platform were the Kev. F. W. Cox and Dr. Cecil Davenjjort. Dr. JefferLs took his text Acts M11. 2—"Ab they ministered to the Lord and fasted the Holy Ghost baid, ' Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the wnrk \\\ hereunto I have called them. : He referred to five names, Simeon, Lucinn, Manacn, Saul, and Barnabas, which should bu held ever in remembrance a^ those of the founders of Christian missions. He dealt with the founding of the Church 111 Antioch, of which these live were elders, the state of Antioch itself, and the momentous Church meeting of Greek Christians that met together in Antioch. Tins led up to the progress of Christian missions ajid the work done since the foundation of tho first real Christian mission. Tiie commonwealth of Apostolic Christianity was most mighty in pulling down tho etronghold of iniquity and absorbing into itself the conquered elements. In the third century, with the rise of the proud hierachy of Rome, Christianity was deprived of Christian freedom, and thereby was delayed the conversion of the world. Our Protestant missions did not commence till towards the close of tho last century, for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, which was founded in the year 1700, did not lay its work among the heathe.n. lie went through the history of mission work from eaxly times. In the seventeenth century was formed the Society '' De Propaganda Fide,'' whose agents were yet to be met with. The seventeenth century was the age of preparation ; the eighteenth century was the age of missionary activity. This led up to the formation of the London Missionary - Society, whose centenary they were celebrating, and with which their Churches had been from the first intimately connected. It bad been carrying on for 100 years a great work with wonderful success. It had proved the possibility of a s-uceessful unsectarian union of Christum workers. No Societ}- had surpassed it in the zeal of its agents or tho success of its work. Dr. Jefferis then spoke a few 'words on the result of the Churches' united efforts. Regarded as the outcome of eighteen centuries' work it might produce despondency, but looked at a^s the result of a single century of Christian effort it gave great cause for congratulation. If their zeal remained the same, and their efforts were as blessed as those of the past century, the next century would witness a striking change all over the world. There -was no doubt that Christiajuty was tho greatest of all religions, ajid at presenttliey looked forward hopefully to the future, remembering many a stricken field out of which they nad come victorious. He outlined the great work which was now being accomplished all over the world, and not so much by the clergy as by the laity, both of which terms he, however, deprecated. But much remained to be accomplished. All the money needed would easily he forthcoming, for there was plenty of it in the coffers of the Church, if by the Church was meant all tho.se who belonged to it. He concluded with a.n earnest appeal to the young men to come forward and taie up the work which their elders had be/nm. 