Chapter XVII.—The Motive—Murder. For Lady Farebam and her sister September and October made a blank interval in the story of life—uneventful as the empty page at the end of a chapter. They spenc those months at Fareham, a house which Hyacinth detested, a neighborhood where she had never conde scended to make friends. She condemned the local gentry as a collection of nobodies and had never taken the trouble to please the three or four great families within a twenty-mile drive, because though they had' rank and conse quence, they had not fashion. The haut gout of Paris and London was wanting to them. _ Lord Fareham had insisted upon leaving London on the third of September and had, his wife declared out of pure malignity, taken his family to Fareham, a place she hated, rather than to Chilton, a place she loved at least as much as any civilised mortal could | love the country. Never, Hyacinth protested, i had her husband been so sullen and ferocious. "He is not like an angry man," she told Angela, "butlike a wounded lion; and yet, since your goodness took all the blame of my unlucky escapade upon your shoulders, and he knows nothing of De Malfort's insolent at tempt to carry me off, I see no reason why he should have become such a gloomy savage." She accepted her sister's sacrifice with an amiable lightness. How could it harm Angela to be thought to have run out at midnight for a frolic rendezvous ? The maids of honor had some such adventure half a dozen times in a season, and were found out and laughed at, and laughed again, and wound up their tempestuous career by marrying great noble men. "If you can but get yourself talked about you may marry as high as you choose," Hyacinth told tier sister. Early in November they went back to London, and though Hyacinth's fine people protested that the town stank of burnt wood, smoked oil, and resin, and was altogether odious, they rejoiced not the less to be back again. Lady Fareham plunged with renewed eagerness into the whirlpool of pleasure and tried to drag Angela with her; but it was a surprise to both, and to one a cause for uneasi ness, when his lordship began to show himself in scenes which he. had for the most part avoided as well as reviled. For some unex plained reason he became now a frequent at tendant at the evening festivities at Whitehall, and without even the pretence of being inte rested or amused there. Fareliam's reappearance at Court caused more surprise than pleasure in that brilliant circle. The statue of the Comandante would scarcely have seemed a grimmer guest. He was there in the midst of laughter and delight, with never a smile upon his stern features. He was silent for the most part, or if badgered into talking by some of his_ more familiar acquaintances would v.ent his spleen in a tirade that startled them, as the pleasant chirping of a poultry- yard are startled by the raid of a dog. They laughed at his conversa tion behind his back, but in his presence, under the angry light of those grey eyes, the gloom of those bent brows, they were'chilled into submission and civility. _ He had a dignity which made his puritanical plainness more patrician than Rochester's finery, more impressive than Buckingham's _ graceful splendor. The force and vigor of his counte nance were more striking than Sedley's beauty. The eyes of strangers singled him out in that gay throng, and people wanted to know who he was and what he had done for fame. A soldier, yes, cela saute aux veux. He could be nothing else tba» a soldier. A cavalier of the old school. Albeit younger by half a lifetime than Southampton and Claren don and the other ghosts of the troubles. Charles treated him with chill civility. "Why does the man come here without his wife?" he asked De Malfort. "There is a sister, too, fresher and fairer than her ladyship. Why are we to have the shadow without the sun? Yet it is as well perhaps they keep away, for 1 have heard of a visit which was not returned—a condescension from a woman of the highest rank slighted by a trumpery baron's wife, and after an offence of that kind she could only have brought us trouble. Why do women quarrel, Wilmot ?" " Why are there any men in the world, sir 1 If there were none women would live together like lambs in a meadow. It is only about us they fight. As for Lady Fareham, she is adorable though no longer young. I believe she will be thirty on her next birthday." "And the sister? She had a wild rose prettiness, I thought, when I saw her at Oxford. She looked like a lily till I spoke to her and then flamed like a red rose. So fresh, so easily startled. 'Lis pity that shyness of youthful purity wears off in a week. I dare swear by this time Mrs. Kirkland is as brazen as the boldest of our young houris yonder," with a glance in the direction of the maids of honour, the queen's and the duchess's, a bevy of chatterers, waving fans, giggling, whisper ing, shoulder to shoulder with the impudentest men in his Majesty's kingdom; the men who gave their mornings to writing comedies coarser than Hryden or Etherege,-and their nights to cards, dice, and strong drink: roving the streets half-clad, dishevelled, wanton; beating^ the watch and insulting decent pedestrians, with occasional vicious outbreaks which would have been revolting in a company of inebriated coal-heavers, and which brought these fine gentlemen before a too lenient magistrate. But were not these the manners of which Saint Evremond lightly sang— La douce erreur ne s'appclait point crime; Les vices dtmiicats se nouimaient des plaisirs. "Mistress Kirkland has an inexorable modesty which would outlive even a week at Whitehall, sir," answered Rochester. "If I did not adore tho m*tron X should worship the. maid. Happily for the wretch who loves her I am otherwise engaged." " Thou insolent brat! To be _ eighteen years of a<re and think thyself irresistible." "Does your Majesty suppose I shall be more attractive at six and thirty ?" " Yes, villain ; for at my age thou wilt have experience." " And a reputation for incorrigible vice. No woman of taste can resist chat." " And pray who is Mrs. Ivirkland's lover ?" " A Puritan baronet. One Denzil Warner." "There was a Warner killed at Hoptown | Heath." _ j "His son, sir. A fellow who believes in! extempore prayer aud republican government, i and swears Engiand was never so happy or j prosperous as under Cromweli." . ' "And the lady favors this nsalm-singing rebel ?" * j "I know not. For all I have seen of the! two she has been barely civil to him. That he j adores her is obvious and I know Lady Fare ham's heart is set upon the match." " Why did_ not Lady Fareham return the countess's visit?" There was no need to ask what countess. " Be sure, sir, the husband was to blame if there was want of respect for that lovely lady. I can answer for Lady Fareharu's right feeling in that matter." " The husband takes a leaf out of Hyde's boob and forgets what may be passed over in the Lord Chancellor and a man of prodigious usefulness is intolerable in a person of Fare ham's insignificance." "Nay, sire, insignificance is scarcely the word. I would as soon call a thunderstorm insignificant. The man is a volcano and may explode at any provocation." "We want no such suppressed fires at "Whitehall. Nor do we want long faces, as Clarendon may discover some day if his sermons grow too troublesome." "The chancellor is a domestic man, as your majesty may infer from the size and splendor of his new house." " He is an expensive man, Wihnot. I believe he got more by the sale of Dunkirk than his master did." " In that case your majesty cannot do better than shift all the disgrace of the transaction on to his shoulders. Dunkirk will be a sure card to play when Clarendon has to go over board." (To be continued.) 