SUNDAY MUSINGS. Br Rev. H. Wiles. THE FACE OF JESUS. The human face is very fitly termed divine. It is, I think, more wonderful than any thing in the heavens above or in the earth beneath. It is the 'window of the soul.' Through it soul speaks to soul, and by its expression we judge each other. We never think of our dear ones apart from the face, and it is that which lingers longest in the memory. Is there any object more interest ing than the race ot our beloved V And it Jesus is precious, can we avoid picturing to ourselves His lace? Of the face of the God-man, little or nothing is known. All the efforts that have been made to trace the picture-face which professes to repre sent our Redeemer to an authentic source have resulted in failure. The early fathers described. Him as devoid of beauty, hut in these days we picture Him with a face most beautiful. Holman Hunt in bis celebrated picture, ' The Light of the World ' .represents Him with large . liquid eyes brimming over with tears, deep furrows acrosB His brow, and every expression of his countenance charged with grief. Yet withal a lovely face suffused with light reminding one of light shining through porcelain. Yet it is but a beautiful imagination. But whatever may have been the form of the face of Jesus, it surely must have been beautiful. His pure un sullied soul, one with tbe Father, would make any faoe beautiful, and dwelling in a body as He did conoeived by the Holy Ghost, His face muBt surely have been heavenly. It was doubtless a sad face. It was ofcen moved with compassion in sympathy with the woes of mankind. That muBt have been a sad face that smote Peter's heart. If Paul bore in his body the marks of the Lord Jesus surely Jesus Himself must have been marked, or as the prophet has it ' marred.' He could not have born our griefs and carried our sorrows without a saddened face. Nevertheless His sadness would buteahance His beauty, for sadness and suffering endured in the love of God serves to kindle in the human face a more than earthly loveliness. His was also, without doubt a nobly courageous lace. In His great purpose He neither flinched nor swerved although opposed by all the craft, cruelty, and malice of earth and hell. He steadfastly set His face to go to Jerusalem — and' He went. The money changers fled with fear before His fearless and indignant face, and the stalwart Roman soldiers fell back as if struck with lightning when their prisoner said, ' I am He.' But that beautiful yet sad, that, nobly courageous face was blindfolded, it was defiled with spittle, it was rudely and cruelly stricken. Pale and worn and bloody, it was exposed in His dying moments to the fierce execrations of a heartlesB howling mob. His eyes glazing in death beheld not the face of one earthly friend, nought but the glaring eyes of hellish foes. But that face once shrouded in death is now a glorified faoe. The face of Moses shone so that the peoplo could not stead fastly look upon the glory of His couuten: ance ; all who sat in the council saw the face of Stephen as it had been the face of an angel. But the light of their faces was as the faint light of the moon. Jesus is the Sun of the universe, radiant in glory. Paul was blinded by a glimpse of the glory of His face ; John when he saw it fell as if dead. Earth cannot bear the glory of heaven. Yet without doubt ' every eye shall see Him.' The ungodly must see His face even though they call upon the rocks and mountains to hide them from it. His Redeemed shall be satisfied when they are like Him and see the King in his beauty. ' They shall see H:s face,' ' See Him as He is,' They shall be with Him and behold His glory, ' Their greatest happiness, Their highest joy Bhall be, God, their Saviour to possess, To know and love and see ; With that beatific sight Glorious ecstasy is given ; ' This is their supreme delight ? And makes a heaven of heaven.' 