FIELDS OF fair RENOWN. -o By Joseph Hocking, Author of “All Men are Liars,” “Tlie Story of Andrew Fairfax,” Ac. finished by special arrangement with Messrs. TPai-^, Lock Sf Bowden, Ltd. [all eights reserved]. CHAPTER I. THE VILLAGE GENIUS. Berlin Rosevear -was walking along a Cornish lane on a June evening. As usual he was dreaming, for Merlin was a great dreamer. Nearly all the other young men who lived in the village near, or were con nested with the Bosowsa mine, had either none to see their sweethearts or were fathered together in groups in order to talk ef matters in which they were in terested. But Merlin had been known all his life as a “ loanly booy.” He preferred the companionships of the people of his imagination to those of the village 3 he would rather dream of the future he hoped for, than listeu to the talk of the lads with whom he had gone to school. The o-eneral opinion in Besowsa mine was that Merlin would never make out much in life. People admitted him to be clever, and that he had “ nearly as much lamin’ as the passon hisself,” hut then he wasn’t practical. When he had left school he went to work with his father underground, and while he gained a thorough knowledge of mining, he was never contented as a miner. Ho generally carried a book in his pocket, and was far more interested in the history of the strange people who ages before came to Cornwall to dig for tin, than in the welfare of Besowsa Tin Mining Company, limited. A year before my story opens be had been appointed mine clerk, and, while his work was more congenial than that of the men who worked underground, he was far from happy. The truth was Merlin wanted to be a man of letters. From the days of bis childhood he had revelled in the stories for which Cornwall is so famous. He had de-. lighted himself in listening to old cronies’ stories of wizards, fairies and witchcraft, and in after years he longed to give the world books which should tell out his dreams of life. He would rather have seen his name on the title- page of a suc cessful book than to bo a peer of the realm or the Prime Minister of the country. Some of the droams of his life, too, were very beautiful. He lived in the world of romance; and true, pure romance is ever beautiful. He had visions far removed from the sordid materialism which he saw around him. He saw Utopian heights which to him were possible, and these he wanted to write about. He was a great reader, as the reading of country youths go. He revelled in the fine writing of Isaiah and that in the Book of Job, and could repeat from memory many a passage from Milton and Shakes pearo. Neither was he altogether ignorant of later literature. He knew 'Walter Scott and Charles Dickens. He knew a little of Browning, and more of Tennyson. As I said, Merlin Rosevear was walking along a Cornish lane on a summer evening, and as he walked he saw visions of what he wanted to do and be. “Yes,”bemused, “I’ll doit. I’vestories to tell as well as the best of them. I’m full of fancies, full of hopes. I’m sure my work is far better than half of that which is accepted. Oh, if those editors would only give me a chance ! ” lie strode on, his lips moving nervously. “I’ve no one to encourage me; no one understands me,” he continued, bitterly. “ People laugh at my ideas. Even the new travelling preacher tells me that my thoughts are too unpraetical to be worth anything, while father is always laughing at me. But I’ll do it; I’ll do it,” and his eyes sparkled at the thought of victory. “ No man can be happy unless his sur roundings are agreeable,” he went on. “Everything frets and irritates him other wise. Besides, why should I do work that I hate when there is a possibility of spend ing my whole time in doing what I love ? Some people call me lazy now because I will not do as they do, but they shall know some day! Why do I have these dreams unless it is to tell them ? Why should these longings come to me, if they are not intended to be satisfied ? Why cannot I he a Walter Scott or a Victor Hugo ? Why cannot my thoughts be welcomed in the homes of England ? Ay, and they shall, too—they shall! ” and the young man clenched his fist as he strode onward. By this time the aspect of the road had changed. Instead of high hedges covered by hazel bushes, tall elm trees grew by the roadside, while a little further on was a gateway, which stood at the end of a road leading up to an old-fashioned house. “Good evenin’, Merlin.” " Good evening, Jack.” “ You ba’ant ’fraid of the ghost cornin’ up out of the addit, then ? ” “No; I don’t think it’s been seen lately.” “ Oa, the sarvent chap over to Down derry do zay that 'eo ’eard purty grooans there wawn night.” Merlin laughed. Near where he stood, and at the end of the row of elms, was a disused mine pit, which was supposed to be haunted, and the man looked timidly towards it. “ Well, I shouldn’t like to he hero art6r dark for oal that; but some people doan’t seem to care. I do hear that Creekavose is tooked at last, after nobody livin’ there oal thaise years.” " Indeed! Who has taken it ? ” “Oa, a gent by the name of Granville.” ‘‘Granville! That is an old Cornish ‘‘Yes; I do hear that the family was waunce very rich, but that they’ve lost some of their money. Still, it’ll take a few pound a year to kip up Crikavose.” “Yes, it’s a fine old place, but rather lonely. Good night, Jack.” “ Good night, Merlin.” Merlin walked along under the elms until he came to the gateway which formed the entrance to Creekavose, an old com modious house, which had been built long years beforo by a well-to-do yeoman, who had an ambition to be reckoned among the landed gontry of the country. Most of the land around had been cultivated by neigh bouring farmers, but the house itself had been uninhabited for many years. For one thing, it was said, and religiously believed among a section of the villagers, that the spirit of the old yeoman who had built it came back to earth and haunted it; moreover, it was too large for the farmers of the neighbourhood, while capitalists did not care about burying them selves in a place so remote from the busy world. Not that the place was destitute of beauty. Rather, it was much to be desired because of its surroundings. Hill and dale, rich loamy meadows and wooded glens, appeared on every hand, while much of the land which had originally be longed to the house stretched down to the sea. As yet this part of the Cornish coast is unknown to the ordinary tourist, but there are few spots on our sea-girt island so fine. Hero rugged cliffs rise many hundreds of feet above the sea, and in spite of exposure to wind and weather many a beauteous nook is to be found where luxuri ant foliage grows close to tho water s edge. “ Granville,” mused Merlin, as he stood at the gateway and looked at the old house, which he could dimly see through the trees; “ whoever he is I envy him. But I shall never know him, I suppose. A man hearing an old name, and living in such a house, must always be unknown to the clerk of Besowsa mine. If, now if--” Then Merlin sighed as he wandered along the lane, and he forgot to notice the primroses which covered the hedges, and failed to catch the scent of the honey suckles, because of his dreams of the life which he hoped and determined to live. He had not gone far before a new sensa tion awaited him. Coming along the road he saw a young girl, a stranger to him, accompanied by a huge St. Bernard dog. Strangers were by no means common in St. Endor parish. It is true that members of the Besowsa Tin Mining Company, Limited, sometimes appeared in the neigh bourhood, but they were never accom panied by ladies, hence the young lady coming along the road became an object of peculiar interest to Morlin. As she came nearer the interest increased. He saw at a glance that she was far removed from the young women of the parish. He could scarcely tell why, but her dress, her walk, the expression of her face, told him that she lived in a world different from that in which the mine girls of Besowsa or the farmers’ daughters of the neighbourhood lived. Not that she was what might be called handsome ; her features were by no means perfect; but there was an expres sion of nobility on her face and a light shin ing from her eyes which revealed to the young man something of the life she lived. The face told him of many things which he could not put into words, tho eye3, large and dark, spoke in a language which strangely appealed to him. Merlin felt all this rather than saw it—it came to him as an impression ; and yet, had he been asked to give reasons for having these feelings concerning her, he could not have given satisfactory answers. They passed each other without a word, but she lifted her eyes to his for a moment, and then dropped them. That one look, however, set Merlin’s heart beating wildly. Like other lads, he had his dreams and fancies concerning women, but he had never followed in the wake of the village youths, whoso one great object in life seemed to be to “ git a maid.” The women he had loved had been those he had read about in romances, or those whom he had conjured up by his own imagination. This graceful girl, however, passing by him in the country lane, her face aglow with the health of youth, her eyes reflect ing the brightness of the westering sun, seemed to be the fulfilment of his dreams ; she appealed to all the poetry of his nature, and set his heart throbbing with a joy that was half pain. He did not know who she was; for a moment he did not care; he only knew that from the moment their eyes met his life became new. He did not turn and look after her; he wandered on like one in a dream, and then suddenly stopped. For a few moments he stood thinking, and then he turned and silently followed her. By this time she was out of sight—a turn in the lane had hidden her from his view; but he hurried along close to the hedge side, as if anxious to escape observation; then, coming up to the bend in the lane, he stopped, for she had again become visible. AVith a strange, yearning look in his eyes, he watched her until she came to Creekavose Gate. " Nero, Nero!” she called, and instantly tho great dog came bounding back to her. “ Don’t you know the way to your new. home, Nero ?” she said, with a laugh, as she patted the dog’s huge head ; then she opened the gate, and disappeared beneath the shadow of elm trees which formed an avenue leading up to the house. Again Merlin ran along on the grass which divided the road from the hedge, until he came to the gate; then he watched her until she was out of sight. For a long time he stood thinking; then, suddenly realising his position, he hurried away as though he had been doing something of which he was ashamed. He had nearly reached Besowsa mine when, seeing a footpath through some fields which led to a wooded valley, he jumped over the stile and made his way thitherward. Presently he slackened his pace, and soon after stopped. “ She has come to live at Creekavose,’ ho mused ; “ I expect she is the daughter of the new owner. Her name will be Gran ville.” He paused for a few seconds, and again went on musing. “ Anyhow, she is far removed from me. Merlin Rosevear, the clerk of Besowsa mine, has no right to speak to such as she. I wonder now, I wonder-” He walked on again until he came to the mouth of the valley. “ Good evenin’, Merlin.” “ Good evening, Abraham. Prospecting, as usual ?” “ Iss, I’m lookin’ round a bit. Tell ’ee what, sonny, you doan’t knaw haalf the lodes in Besowsa. You do just kip on workin’ ’pon the new part of the mine, and do never tich the ould men’s workin’s. I’ve heerd my faather tell of a grand lode that th’ ould men worked. They knaw’d tin, they did; as fur yer new up- the-country cap’n, he doan knaw nothin’ ’bout Cornish mines.” “ Well, he thinks he knows more about it than you older men, Abraham; besides, the company didn’t think you knew much about the new ideas concerning mining. That was why you were asked to resign, and why Cap’n Kent was appointed in your place.” " Iss, iss, I dersay,” replied the old man, sadly. “’Tis jist like the new- fangled notions to put a man like Cap’n Kent to work a mine, when he doan’ knaw nothin’ ’bout it. But I tell ’ee, cheeld, there’s a grand lode not a hundred fathoms from the injin shaft which could be worked from the thirty- fathom sollar.” “ But why didn’t the old men work it, Abraham ?” “ Why ? ’Cause they had no machinery to kip the water out, that’s why.” “ Well, we are working from the twenty fathom sollar towards the old mine, Abra ham.” Iss, I do knaw. Now look, Merlin, you be the clerk of Besowsa, and you’ve got a map of the underground workin’s. Do ’eo knaw about the addit level that do run from jist here up close to the backs, not far from your twenty-fathom sollar ?” “ No, I never heard of it.” “ I Imaw’d you didn’. But there es, my dear, there es. Look, ’ere’s the mouth of the level.” Merlin looked, and saw a hole in the hill side which seemed to run in the direction of the Besowsa mine. "Well, now .’’continued Abraham, “ that level do run close up to the backs where the men be stopin’. I spoase, now, that your cap’n do think that the ground es saafe jist there?” 3J “It’s well timbered, Abraham. " Well tembered !” responded the old man ; “ tell ’ee what, Merlin, there’s hun dreds’ of tons of stuff jist ready to fall, and it’ll smash all yer temberin’ like matches. “ You should tell Cap n Kent. “ 1 have tould ’un, my dear. But he do knaw too much to be tould. He jist laughed. But mind, Merlin, I went under o-round yesterday, jist to zee, and any time the ground may fall, and the men 11 eitkor be buried or jist boxed in so that they caau’t git to the engine shaft. "Poor old man !” thought Merlin, as he walked back to his home; “he s awfully cut up at not being captain, but for all that there’s no man in the county that knows as much about mining as he.” Then he ceased to think any more about Abraham or the mine, for he remembered the youn0, girl he had seen that ovening; and then'all through the long night her face seemed to hannt him, while his heart went out to her in a way that he could not understand. at- 4P # * * passed away, and although :vear went often near Creek he did not see the young girl sed him on the Saturday even e Friday following, however, ,in sat in the “ ’count ” house, low and when he should be able again, Cap’n Kent rushed into breathless haste, ’underground, Merlin/* he said, g the matter ?” jin’s the matter ; but Squire he gentleman who’s come to to live, and his daughter, do the mine.” Merlin’s heart gave a great bound. “Do you -want me to go with you, cap’n ?” “ No; what good would you be? I’m goin’ to show ’em round myself, and after we’ve bin down I’m goin’ back to Creekavose with the squire. You must go round to the floors at five o’clock and see that the ricks and buddies be all right, and taake notice that nobody do laive before the whistle do blaw.” “ All right, cap’n !” said Merlin, with a sad heart. “ What time es et now ?” “ Half-past two.” “ Then I must be off,” said the cap’n, who had by this time arrayed himself in under ground attire, which consisted of a pair of duck trousers, a flannel shirt, and a hard hat, on the top of which a candle was stuck. “ I promised to be at the engine shaft by twenty minutes to three. We shall go down in the big kibble. The whim will let us down.” “ Yes,” said Merlin: “ what part of the mine are you going to ?” “ Oh, nearly oal over it. But I want to shaw Squire Granville that rich piece of lode which we shall git to from the twenty fathom sollar.” “ Is it safe, do you think, cap’n ?” asked Merlin, remembering Abraham Kichard’s “ Saafe ? Iss, to be sure tes safe. There, I must be off; and mind,you mustn’t leave the count house till nearly five o’clock, cause I expect the foundryman will be here ’bout the new castings.” “ Very well,’’said Merlin, turning wearily to his books. He worked for a few minutes, and then crept outside the account house and looked towards the engine-shaft. Yes, there she was preparing to go underground. He saw the cap’n strutting around oflieiously,while an elderly gentleman stood talking with one of the men. Presently they got into the “ big kibble,” which was a large deep wooden box; the boy who drovo the “ whim horse ” cracked his whip, the great wooden cylinder began to revolve, the rope which was around it began to unwind, which rope, being fastened to the “ big kibble,” allowed the passengers to descend slowly in the darkness under neath the soil. Merlin returned to his books again, but he could not work. The long lines of figures were wholly incomprehensible to him, and he had no heart to understand their mean ing. He seemed like one in a dream. Hours afterwards he was aroused by a sound of shouting and a rushing of feet. He went outside and saw a man running. “ IVhat’s the matter?” he asked. “ Accident underground.” A great fear came into Merlin’s heart. Without a second’s hesitation he rushed towards the engine shaft, where a number of people had already gathered. “ What is it ? What is it ?” he asked, excitedly. “ Accident underground,” was the reply. “ Where, where ?” “ Here’s the man that can tell you,” was the reply; “ he was the first to come to grass.” “Ah, ’Siah Truscott, where’s the acci dent? What is it?” “ Twenty-fathom level,” replied the man. “ But the cap’n and the-” “ They passed me jist as I was cornin’ from the cross-cut. They went along the level towards the winze.” “ Yes ?” “ Well, the}' had’n a-bin gone more’n a minute when I heerd a sound like the tliinder. I went toward the shaft as fast as my legs would car’ me, and then I heerd the tember snap like matches.” “ And the cap’n and the—the visitors ?” “ I’m ’fraid,” said the man, solemnly, “ that they must be buried. The ground was bad oal long there, and I see nothin’ for it but they must be buried.” “ But they may have got near the “ E£ they did there may be a chance, for the ground es better there; but I’m terrible ’fraid. Besides, ef they’ve got there I’m ’fraid there’s no chance. You see there’s no air, and ’twould take days to git to ’em. There’s thousands a tons ov stuff in the way.” “ Well, start to work at once. Get as many men as you can to work.” “ That’s wot I’m doin’, Merlin; but I’m ’feared there’s no chance—noan at oal.” “ There must be, there must be!” cried Merlin, frantically. “ Ef we git as many men as we can to work day and night it’ll take a week,” replied ’Siah Truscott. “ Ef they beant dead they’re in their grave. Thor’s several men with families, too, poor dears. Aw, ’ere be some ov the poor wimmen cornin’.” Merlin had forgotten the miners, he had forgotten the captain; he was thinking of the young girl who out of curiosity had gone to danger and perhaps to death. The thought maddened him. For a time he seemed wholly demented; then, with a strange light in his eyes,he started running towards a valley in the near distance. “ God grant—oh, God grant it may be true!” he gasped, as he ran on. 