the curse of COGHLAN. When Parliament sanctioned the ap pointment of the Public Service Board to do the dirty work of reforming, and retrenching a bloated and over-paid Civil . Service— ^the responsibility of which a. cowardly Ministiy and, their recreant followers were afraid to aBsnme —it was loudly proclaimed that the end of the. reign of official nepotism had come, it was only on this understand ing that the Board would put an end to departmental log-rolling, and lift the whole Civil Service out of the sphere of corrupt political influence, that public approval could be secured for the Public Service Act under which the Board is constituted and .exercises its powers. Those powers, so far as the Civil Service is concerned, are . larger and more abso lute than those which Parliament had ever claimed or exercised. That all this was recognised and concecSed during the discussion of that measure in both Houses of Parliament, is proved by the reports of the daily Press and of ' Han sard,' and by the fact that the most extraordinary pains were. taken — especi- ally in the Legislative Council — to so frame and amend the various clauses of the Act as to place the independence of the three Commissioners canstituting the Board beyond doubt or question. The Act is one of the very few Acts of Parliament through which even .Daniel O'Connei.l, were he alive, coiild not drive the proverbial coach and four of political evasion or legal quibble' with impunity, y Yet what do we find ? Barely has the Act been brought into operation than the very Milliliters who make a shamefaced show of boasting of their responsibility for the initiation and enactment of this law are the vory first to break it by. evading its provisions in the most flagrant fashion. According to the clear aiid precise wording of the Act, the three Cosmusgioners are to be permanent offiofcHlp.jfeach and ilU of whom are debarred from accepting any 1 other paid office or employment, and neither of whose places can be filled either by deputy ,or a new appointment, except in the case of death, sickness, or leaTe of absencte. Yet, in spite of these clear, ' cast-iron provisions, the Government, has deliberately removed Mr. Coghlan, one of the Commissioners — the Deus ex machina of- the Board — to another -paid office on the Land and . Income Tax Board, and filled his posi tion by temporarily ' appointing a j prominent Civil. Servant^Mr. Houston the Under-Secretary for Lands — to act as his deputy for a nominal period of six months. Thus Mr. Coghlan descends to the position of an ordinary Civil Servant, subject to Ministerial, i.e., political influence, while Mr. Houston ascends to the higher office of member of the Public Service Board, who is pre sumed to be beyond all such influence. As a.niatter of fact, however, Mr Coghlan virtually remainB a member of the $pajri. and.' Mr. tlonBjroN remains a Civil Servant. Bat as a.,matter of law Mr. CoghlaN by accepting other paid employment has vacated his position on the Public ^Service' Board, ^bile Jjfc. Houston, if his actions as a member of that Board are to have tbe virtue and stamp of legality, is a permanent mem ber of the Board : if he is not that, be is nothing. When Sir Arthdr Renwick called attention to the matter in the Council last Wednesday evening tbat senile old simpleton, Dr., Gahran, the paid ' bairicber' of this God-fearing Govern ment, could only stupidly stammer that 'Mr. .Cog elan's services bad been lent.' But the Attorney-General (con fronted as he was by the opinion of such high legal authorities as Mr. C.. G. Heydon, Mr. R. E. O'Coitnob and Sir Juuan Salomons to the effect that the law had been broken) had tbe moral courage to admit that 'the law had been strained in the pnblio interest.' Such an' admission by such an authority is sufficient to brand the whole trans action with the stamp, of illegality.. It is not given to Governments, any more than to individuals, to strain or break laws ' in the pablic interests ' or other wise., Laws aire made to be strictly observed, the assumption being that so long ss they, endure, thp'r observance is in the public interest ; and when that f.fw to be the case tbey ought to be repealed by Parliament, and not broken by Ministers. If »n assumption tbat s breach of the Law is a sufficient warrant for the breach on the part of a Govern ment, it is ... sufficient warrant for the pyino on the part of ordinary persons, in which case ' law and otder ' would be at an But as Messrs Hevdok, (XCqsKOR and Salomons pointed out, the isw has not only been strained, but flagrantly broken in direct contravention of ths letter and spirit of the Act.; And so /ar\ from - the action; of the Govern- j ment b^ng in fbe PjibUV interests. Dr. CRZaopolifced ootdsrinf tbeuscussion in xheXtauei]..aBd stfbM^Bently in the columns ft ths » Httald.' rtat tbe illegal' aofion* W tka Qonramaat was calculated t* the T*rj purposes for which the Pnblio Barries Board was appointed, and dinetly militated against the pablic interests by landing the DivU Service is eonfssion and th« i in costly litigation with many of 'its old servants illegally retrenched by' an irregularly constituted Board. Dr. Ckeed'b statement is so clear and succinct an exposition of this important aspect of the case that a plain man may read and understand ; it is, therefore, . worth quoting : — B^theiixtb section of the Public Serriee Act auy Commie doner who does auy .paid work iu New South Wales outside the duties or his office under that Act, by doing so vacates his appointment. It is imposslole to suppose tbat Mr Coghlan is going to perform this very arduous work without re in operation ; aud tbe guotloo arises bow is be to be paid '{ If b f tbe con tinuance of bis salary as a Public Herri oe Com missioner, then (as a layman) I submit that* if applied to, the Supreme Court would direct tbe Auditor General to refuse to certify to tbe legality of tbe pay ment of tills moaejr, grunted by a special Act for a specific purpose,' to a gentleman who is uot performing the duty for which it is granted, and who would thus be receiving it for fitrrictss of an entirely different character* Whilst, if he receives his salary from auy other source, tlie moment he does so be Vacates his post. The result being that, as he would no longer be a Commissioner, no deputy could be appointed In bis placc, but tbe positioo would hare to be tilled by a peripaneiit appointment, and at tbe termination of his present temporary work Mr Coghlau would , be left in ihe cold. A-« to fcr Houston's position, even suppo 5ug there is nothing strictly illegal iu i£r Odghlan's,lt will bs most anomalous, quite ((respecting of the fact that doling his proposed tenure of office he will have to deal with bis own recommendatious and theappeals of officers from his own Department. Tbe mode of his remuneration is au important consideration, for be will hare to be paid by a vole of Parliament, for tbe whole spirit of the Act is to remore the Commissioners from all rojpousibillty of political pressure. The legal view of the case thus stated was, subsequently concurred in by Sir Julian Salomons, who followed Dr. Creed, and said — . Under tbe change proposed by the Government— although only a temporary one— nutters carried one by t'he boud might become a uaUity, and a vast amount of litigation might be broa he aboat. The acts of the board would be Invalidated and become of no legal efficacy, aud the consequence would be that there would be actions against the Government, not only by those who were displaced, but by thote who had been appointed. That settles the matter so far as the illegal and unconstitutional nature of the transaction is concerned. What the Premier, Mr. Reid, said in the Assem bly the following evening in defence of this brazen-faced breach of the law does not much matter. It was only what iras to, be expected from a third-rate Quarter Sessions ' Pub ' lawyer, such tji he. has proved himself to be — a most pitiful exhibition of puerile special plead ing, that could only find acceptance among pot-house politicians such as constitute the majority of the present j Assembly. Mr. John Sec, who fol lowed Mr. Reid, very properly pointed oat that he had evaded the legal aspect of the case, and opportunely gave him and the House thi3 ' picce of cold iron to chew — The whole transaction was en anomaly. It was open to Hi. Houiton, as a Pnolio Service Commis sioner, to dispose of Mr. Coghlan, and then when the latter returned to his duties as commissioner, he couli dispose of Hr. Houston. Tbe rearrangement carried oat by the Government would open tbe door to a great deal of litigation. The re-arrangement was aa insult to tbe House and the country; and the House, if It stood it, would stand anything. Yes, Mr. See was right, the political ' push ' which dominate and degrade the representative Chamber will stand any thing, except the loss of their political screws : so long as they are safe, the country may go to the dogs. Apart from the legal aspect of this matter there is another phase which merits attention. How is. it that Mr. Coghlan has become so suddenly indis pensable to almost every .important branch of the. public, service? Has he Craftily retrenched all 4ble fltett of the Civil Service in order to make him self indispensable ? Although appointed to the office of Government Statistician by iSir Gkobge Dibbs, he seems to have been virtually running the country ever since Mr. Reid came into office.. He is the power behind, the political throne, the Great Panjandrum of oar public life, whose baleful shape carries confusion and. dismay throughout the Civil- Ser- vice, and whose pertinacious personality persistently predominates in every Department of the State. Mr. Coghlan is practically Premier of this country. He is the intellectual ghost of Mr. Reid, and the political wet-nurse.of a Ministry supposed to be indued with the fear . of God and endowed from Heaven. Mr. Reid can never make a Financial State ment or a taxation proposal without calling on the ubiquitous Coghlan to support him. . If any of his wild and reckless statements are .challenged, he triumphantly retorts, ' Coghlan says so !' and he never ventures to make a statement concerning Land, Income, or Customs Taxation except it.be 'accord- ing to Coghlan,' . who-, is the joker which the ' Wriggler ' has always up his sleeve tp tramp his opponent's trick. The country is becoming sick of Cogh lan, and beginning to inquire what has become of the -sapient S pill e r ? Here was an expert specially imported, at a big salary, from. South Australia to do the very work at the Land and Income Tax Board, which the Premier now tells the country none but Coghlan is com petent to perform. How comes it that Sfilleh's stock has fallen so suddenly in the official market ? Has Coghlan ' cooked his goose 7' It is said that Coqhlan can't hear a rival near the throne; and that since this GoDfear ing, but most, damnably ignorant and incompetent, Ministry came into office he has managed' to make himself so in dispensable, and to acquire such an over whelming influence, that he virtually rules the Cabinet, and through the Cabinet the Civil Service. The Civil Service Board woold seem to be bnt a cloak for hiding the autocratic powers exercised by this bumptious little 'boss.' Ever since, and even before, the estab lishment of the Civil Service Board, bis powers were known, felt, and dreaded throughout the whole Service. Such was the terror he inspired, his name was invoked as s curse, a common form of adjuration among Civil Servants, re trenched and nnretrenched, being, 'The curse of Coohlin on ysu!' Bnt, even- S3 every dog is said to have his d»J, so must Coqhlan's Career, sooner or later, come to a close. The domi nation of such an upstart, unauthorised autocrat must terminate with the Minis terial demise of tl.e political po'troons, upon whose ignorance and incapacity he has bnilt up bis ill-omened supremacy. Most parvenus pave the way to their own' downfall. Coghlan is no ' exception, to the - rule. . - He has voluntarily — -probably at his own sug - gestion' and special requests-stepped down from the 'high and independent position which he hbld by- Act of ?liameni, ?tothat -of a-.mere Cml Servant, at tbe meroy of the very Board of. which he was the virtual ' boss.' If P^rliic ment understood its duty towards the country, it would see that Coghlan did pe a again mount into tbe stirrups te ride rough-shod over the servants of the | country. What would be ' said of a military commander who voluntarily deserted his post, -descended into the ranks of those whom he commanded, and handed his commission to a subal tern.' Would he. not be treated as a deserter, and cashiered ? Certainly he would not be allowed to resume his com mission. Coghlan, by his abdication of . the trust reposed in him by Act of Parliament, and the assumption of another position without lawful warrant or authority, has plainly indicated his unfitness for a position on the Public' Service Board. If none but he are competent to fulfil the duties which he has undertaken to discharge on the Land and Income Tax Board, in God's name let him stop there ; the Civil Service ean well, dispense with his dic tatorship, even as the country -could, at a pinch, dispense with his services alto gether. 