I OPPOSITION MEETING I The Policy of Protection Monster Meeting in the City. enthusiastic Demonstration at the Protestant Hall— Addresses .by Messrs. Dyne, See, Crlok and . O'Sullivan, M.'sL.A., and R. B, O'Connor, M.D.O, The enthusiastic meetings 'which mem bers of the National Protection Party have recently held in the country districts north, south, east and west prompted the N.P. XJnion to hold a meeting in the very strong hold of free- trade in the metropolis, viz., King Division. The meeting was held last nightin the Protestant Hall, which' long be fore 8o'cloek was densely packed with atre- mendoiis,/ Audience whioli must have num bered 2600, and . the result was more favourable to the immediate prospects of the national oause thau the most sanguine could : have expected ' The manner in which the speakers were cheered showed ..that the reaction against the policyof pauperising the people of the coun try and ruining, native:, industries, which was predicted before Mr. Roid took office, has 9et in with a vengeance. The demon stration in favour of protection and the opening up of ave nues of permanent, employment for tilie masses was . all . the .more significant, held as it was in tlie very head eentre of tho foreign-trade cause, when the fact is considered that tho admission was not by ticket — a device so . dear, as history of public meetings in the city shows, to the hearts of free-traders—the hall being free to all. Long before 8 o'clock the big meeting-- place was packed till it could not hold another one, the . people being wedged .about the doors as closely, as herrings in a barrel. Those who could not obtain admission could be numbered by hundreds. Before the speakers and others appeared a gentleman, looking, round at the vast aggregation of people and noting tho general buzz of conversation and badinage that went on, ventured the question, " I wonder is it going to be rowdy." When, however, the speakers and others made their way to tho seats on' the platform, and the leader of the Opposition, Mr. W, J. Lyne, was singled out, the chepring from thousands of throa'ts that was heard destroyed the notion that tho reception of tho Premier's critics was going to be hostile, especially when there wa6 not the ghost of a counter chpor. The revulsion of feeling became more aud more apparent as the mooting proceoded, oach speaker being, vociferously applauded throughout, and cheered again and again as he resumed his seat. ' Some excellent speeches were delivered by the leader . of tho Opposition .(Mr. AV. J. Lynch the .ex- Treasurer (Mr. See), Mr. Grick, tho Hon. R; E. O'Connor and Mr. "O'Sullivan, M.LiA. In response' to I the deafening applause which greeted Mr: Lyne when ho first rose ho remarked that free-traders who said protection was dead would find it very much alive, -and the cheoring broke outanew. Mr. Lyne confessed that he, despite the successful meetings in the country, had never expected such an enthusiastic reception in the very ' heart of the Premier's electorate. His charge that "never before bad a Treasurer delivered his financial , statement and was not ready to submit tlie estimates " evoked > a demonstration, that . proved that Mr. Reid's ' extraordinary conduct , lias not passed unnoticed. His general indictment against the Premier of improperly dealing with the' ' accounts, and bamboozling the people drew forth cheer upon cheer. The scathing observations mado by the leader of the Opposition concerning Mr. Reid's statement that there wore only 1500 unemployed persons in the metropolitan area mot with .the full approval of the audi ence which greeted Mr. Reid's' assertions with derisive laughter. The production of the pair' of Japanese-made boots created roars ..of laughter. His con cluding exhortation to the people to stand shoulder to shoulder in the interests of the national cause met with a most hearty response, and for fully a minuto after Mr. Lyne'r'esumed his seat the cheering was heard. Tlie chair was occupied by Alderman David Davies, arid on the platform were Messrs. AV. J. Lyne, J. See, Crick, O'Sulli van, Perry, Chapman, Carroll, Soliey, "Wood, Lovion, ' Chanter, ' M's.L.A,, the Hon. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., and Messrs. James Ward, J. P. Wright, T. II. England, B.A-i, J. D. Fitzgerald, T. H. Burlow, Alderman Maokey, A. Gilles, A. W. Meeks, Ninian Melville, C. Hoskins, II. C. Hoyle, O. Raffari.W. Ilenton.H. E. Pratten, Mr. Alex. Ryrie, M.L.C., and Colonel Wad- deli. Sir-George Dibbs, who was also pre sent in tlie hall, was accorded a hearty re ception. The Chairman, who . was greeted with thunders of applause,/ said: The meeting to- night has been called in tho interests of ' protection.' (Great clioering). Mr. Lyne — (cheers)- — has promised this evening to reply .to. the. Budget speech made by the Premier last Thursday overling in Parlia ment Housei (Cheqrs.) It is gratify ing to see suoli an audionco of , this kind ' to listen to the leader of the Opposition." ' (Cheers.) I trust that you will show throughout the whole , of New South Wales that the people of Sydnoyoan sit in a luill and listen to the lender of the Opposition) and .treat him as a gentleman. (Che,ers.) The speaker concluded by an nouncing that, an overflow nioeting would ho "addressed from a window iff Castle- roagli-street) > He . then, .cabled j-' upon Mr. - Lyne to deliver the 'first (speech. (Great cheering.) . The' appearance of Mr. Lyne was the signal for ono of the most enthusiastic re ceptions ever . accorded a' politician in Sydney. Led by the gentlemen on the stage, notably Mr. . . ' Levien, M.L.A., the huge .audience rose and . waved their . hats ' arid . cheered " with . tre mendous enthusiasm. Rounds upon rounds of cheers burst forth aB the.' leader of the Opposition bowed his acknowledg ments, One . of the audience called for " Three cheers for Mr. See," which evoked nnother demonstration. The reception was in every sense a great triumph; Mr.- Lyne said , it was only once before that lie' saw such' a ' densely, packed meeting. in'tiiat hall. There -could not be anything inore gratifying to those who fought very hard in the interests of the people. (Hear, hear.) He thou glit if their detractors who said that protection was dead— ("No") — 'were at that meeting they would find it was very much alive indeed. (Cheers.) There were other things which at present were upper most in the public mind as well as tlie one great thing that all' believed in — pro tection. (Clie'ei-3.) . Events wliiqh had taken place during the Inst year or! two, ' find' especially during tlie hist few months, were of ' such a character that they would arouse the feel ings of any . commiiriity. (Hoar, hear.) That night lie and others who fought truly for their cnuso came- not to any small out lying constituency,, but into the heart of Sydney, and into the heart of tlio Premier's electorate. (Loud cheers.) -It was said in a morning daily (" Reid's paper") when he went into tlio country . districts to enunciate their protectionist principles that ho was not game to come to Sydney. 7 He promised that paper that 'as soon na ho could make arrangements they would find him in tho very heart of Syd ney. (Hear, hear.) That night lie and those with him were fulfilling that promise. He did not expect the enthusiasm he mot with throughout tho country, nor to seo such -enthusiasm as thoy saw there and such numbers. (Hear, hear; "Reid is frightened to come.") They never before had a Primo Minister who made a fianancial statement without, immediately it was doliverod, sub mitting his ways and means. (Loud cheers.) There were two things ho could have done — to do. as ho did, and to refuse to give to the Assembly and to tlio public tho basis upon which tho statement was made, or a very simple thing, viz,, deferred the . statement . for a week or 10 days, and then in the ordinary course have brought down with it his estimates of receipts and expenditure. Ho did not wish to mako insinuations unduly that two powerful morn ing papers had given to the colonies the result of the statement, and got a fortnight nhead_ of any reply that could bo made. That seemed to him to be a- trick of the deepest dye. (Hear, hear.,) Ho need not tell them that if they gave a, lie a day's Btart it was a hard thing to catch it, but to give a lie, circulated like this one, a fort night's start, it was still.harder to catch it. (Hear; hear.) He would not have stated anything in reference to this financial state ment, or very little, if they had the means of investigating it in tho proper course and proper way. It had been disseminated throughout tho colonies, and. lie took that first opportunity of pointing out a fow in accuracies and tricks played on the people to let this follow tlio- lies which, had gone forth. . (Cheers.) Mr. Reid gave out with flyirig colours that ho had a surplus of .£333)000. (" It is not true.") He also said ho had given . up£5 17,000 of Customs duties. " ("He, never did."). He had got practically no return from the land and ' income tax; This was a sort of miracle that was not often to be found. He wanted to show them how-a portion of that miracle was 'done.. He would first take a little bill Mr; Reid passed in December. There were some- in . the House who called attention' to it. They, were not only the direct Opposition, .but. Mr. M'Millan, who called attention to: the course tlie Premier was taking, and said it was not tlio proper one to take; not altering the accounts in , the way he previously told'- them. That bill provided Treasury bills could bo issued for an amount not ' exceeding, £1,174,000, subject to certain provisions. Mr. M'Millan told him ho shotald' strip the expenditure that was going on, and : revote tho amount to show a true . cash account for 1895-0. Therein was the largest sum that had been expended in 1895-6, and it had been carried ba!ck , to 1895 and . previous years. "The sum of £967,000 had been actu ally expendedinl890andcarried back. When Mr. Reid was allowed to carry through liis : new financial cash balance ' the intention was that, at the end of each year lie should, specially indicate if tlio whole of the ex penditure, in a clean cut balanco-slieet, was to be spent in the next year. He had done nothing of tlio kind. In fclie.plea of getting those Treasury bills he had ex pended .£967,000. (Mr. ,R.: E. .O'Connor, M.L.C., whs at' this stage loudly" cheered on, appearing on tlio platform.) He took a sum of" £596,000' - and placed it . upon the loan' estiriiates for works that 011 'provious , occasions had been placed on the ordinary royenuo of the year, and they had been put to a sus pense account to be repaid in 30 years.' According to Mr. Hold's system of finance they could, carry out - the whole of the public works like that, and1 rill Mr. Reid would ask tliem to do was tliat those who succeeded him should pay I-30th per annum of the amount. That was an absolutely improper way to deal with the public ac counts. (Hear, hear.) Practically ,£1,067,000 liad been spent this year that rightly blight to have been charged to the revenue' of the year. £525,000 had been expended, at the Centennial Park sand-shifting works, and been placed that to tlio. suspense' account. .(Laughter.) .. That made a total of £51,100,000 that Mr. Reid Imd tlie manipu lation of, and which liad beon expended during tlie financial year, but' of which J10 had given no account in the statement. Instead of a surplus of £5333,000, he had practically a deficit of £800,000. (Cheers.) That was the truo stato of (the finances for tho year. (Hear, hear.) , Ho thought he would leave that as firm as a rock inthe minds of the people. Mr. Reid went on to talk and sneer ht thoso who liad the honour to call themselves, in the interests of the country, protectionists. Mr. Reid .had taken credit for cutting down the Treasurer's advance account. Ho took £2)6,000J of tlie savings of tlio previous Government on the road vote of 1893. If ho had not taken that sum lie would have had to take the money out of tlio Treasurer's advance account. Mr. Cruicksliank liad asked Mr. Reid if ho had not cut down the road vote by one-; third.' Mr. Reid at first denied it, and said lie added £50,000 to tlio vote, but when lie was putin a corner I10 said it was true. He (Mr. Lyne) had seen a minute Mr. Young had written calling upon his officers to save one-third on the road vote. At the State Children's Relief Depart ment at Mittagong tho doctor liad not been paid for six- months, and tlie butcher imcl baker for three months. There were seven houses tkero and about 130 children. The accounts wore passed monthly, yet tlio Government had- not met . them. (" Shame !") They could only come to the conclusion that tho same thing was going- on all through tho country.' (Hear, hear.) Mr. Reid had told them that Hud son Bros, was in a prosperous con dition. . (Laughter.) .Was the ' strike of tho 600 men a sign of prosperity ? (" No.") If that was an indication of free-trade pros perity God forbid they should ever have it. Mr. Reid quoted sonle returns about Mort's Dock. The increase of men there was only of nri . effervescing character, ; and was - caused, by the shipping 'disasters arid not: legitimate- work. (Hear, hoar);' The Premier referred to', the unem-' ployed. He was not aware whether there; were any unemployed present qt the .meet ing, (Laughter.) Ho . did know, however, tliat lie had found that at'tho pi-oserit' time" there was far) riirire distress in the colony than"' 'over .''-before! - They all felt keenly the 'great-' '.'.'dearth . of employment. It wns;not an affliction which rested only upon tlio. head rif-the family. It reached those who were near and dear to ; every husb'and-and father. It stirred every parent to see the clutch of starvation upon- his little ones. Ho impressed upon Mr. I Reid that ;it was no laughing matter. I (Great applause.) . Ho could nrit say where the Premier obtained hid. in formation -regarding the unemployed; (A Voice : " Joey Creer.") ' It was not Mr; Creer, but still tho statement had been made that there were only about 800 de-- serving uneriiployed. (A, Voice: "It's a ' lie.") Despite all those who were sent to tho country— and he might add sent to the country to starve — he thought .they would arrive nearer the truth if they trebled 1600\. (Applause.) A Voice : I can find him- 30,000 at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning; Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr. Lyne said tliat even outside thoso who, could bo classed as tlio "deserving poor " tbey should not fail to seo tliat tlio families of the less zealous unemployed were rescued from starvation. (Hear, hear.) The difference between Mr. Reid and himsolf was this. ' He (the speaker) wished to find legitimate work for the people in tlio de velopment of industries — (great cheering) —and Mr. Reid wanted to find work for | tlie unemployed in sand-shifting, forestT ! thinning, making unnecessary roads, and in -a variety of thoso ventures which j marked a reign of- disaster. Was a policy ' .rightand-.propor which made men paupers? , He had in -his possession a report by Mr. j Joseph Creer which stnrtlod even him when ! ho read it. Mr. Creer in the course of tile report said :— " By tho tabulated statement referred to" — (which lie would rend later on) — " it may be serin tliat the expenditure on works in aid of tho unemployed for the twelve months ending Fobruary. 1896, is sat down as £201,591."- Still Mr. Reid would have them believe that there was little money expended in that direc tion. _A Voice: How much wns spent in tip ping the Daily Telegraph ? (Laughter.) Mr. Lyne said that tlio returns showed further that tho cost of rations to the unemployed for tho year ended February, 1896, had been £23,330. Tho cost of restaurant tickets was £970, and disbursement for rents £3830. The total, relief expenditure of that nature was £28,131, to which must bo added £2000, tlio amount of wages nt tho Christinas season, making £30,131." Moreover, ho had taken £1710 from tho roads monoy ' and givon it to whom? To tho municipalities which ho would mention. First, there wns Greta, which was a free-trade centre — (laughter) — Waratah, which was another, and so on right through tho list, which included Plattsburg, Raymond Terrace, Goulburn, Hamilton, Merewetlier, Carrington, Adnms- town, Wickhain, Wallsend, Now Lambton, Broken Hill, "West Maitland, East i Maitland, Stockton, Singleton, Liverpool, Smitlifield and Fairfield, Bourke and Lith- gow. (Laughter, cheers and cries of " Holy Joe.") Out of tho whole list his colleagues Messrs. O'Sullivan and Price, M's.L.A., were the only ones who had succeeded in getting anything for protectionist municipalities. (Applause.) Was that justice and statesmanship? (Cries of "No, no.") Again, they found that Mr. Reid expended on special works for the unemployed £69,012, and for railway and .steamer fares £i4,970. There was also forest-thinning for the unemployed repre senting £u0, 000, and for railway deviation works £35,000. making up the liugo total of £201,691. "Yet the Premier said there was no distress. Mr. Reid forgot the records & of the Labour , Biu-eau. ( A .Voico : ".No. respectable , man will, go to '. tho Bureau.", A' Second Voice: "Wo are disgusted with it.!') The-' report of the Labour Bureau showed that tho registrations for the year ending February, 1896, were 14,062, higher than ever before. He had already referred to tho wholesale expenditure of Mr. Reid. (A Voice: ''What about Curnow?") It, had been said that the books of the Labour Bureau were swelled by the names of .men from other colonies. It was .untrue, as an examination of tho books would disclose. To turn to another topic, when the Dibbs' Government took office they had to take a loan legacy of £5,000,000. They gradually wiped it off during their term of office, until in 1S94 they had re duced it to £1,330,000. (Cheers.) The Dibbs ' Government, of which he was a member, left Mr. , Reid . no such legacy.' (Loud applause.)! This year up to July 4 they imported £8,084,727 worth of goods, and .exported £5,989,870. For the same period last -year the imports wore £6,441,661, and the. ex ports £6,712,179. Thus this year the im ports wore more by £1,642,066, arid the ex ports less by £722,301. (Great cheering.) Mr. Reid said that 121 articles would cost hero £10,000 and £21,000 in Viotriria. ("Rot.") That was, he said,. 110 per cent, higher than in New South Wales. There was no duty on calico in either of tho colonies, and yet Mr. Reid put that down' as lOO per cent, higher liere tban in Victoria. (Great laughter.) Tho duty on white blankets in Victoria was 25 per cent., and it was free here, yet ho (Mr. Reid) said they cost £4000' hero- and £9000 iu Victoria. How could' tliat , be ? Tho morning papers told them there was not the slightest danger in' Japan competing with their manufactures. (Mr. Lyne -produced a pair- of boots.) They were of -as good leather as criuld be found anywhere, comfortable, and made in. Japan, and cost there 9s 6d. Ho had . to pay 34s for a similar pair made here. .Was it a good thing to' add hundreds of civil servants to the unemployed'?' He 'asked them in tho interests of the com munity to stand shoulder to shoulder at the next election. (Loud cheers.) Ho asked where wero the avenues of employment now for their hoys. He was speaking in the centre of the .Premier's electorate, while Mr. Reid had gone away to another part' of the country to speak., Ho ' thought tho next time Mr. Reid gavo them an account of his ' stewardship they would not give the Premier such an enthusiastic reception as they gave him (Mr. Lyne) that night. (Prolonged oheei-3.) Mr. Crick appeared on tho platform when Mr. Lyno concluded, and was enthusiastic ally cheered, and his name was 'loudly called by scores of people in tho crowd. Mr. John See, M.L.A., who was greeted with long continued cheering, said tho Government had held office for nearly two years — ("Too long") — and he wanted to ask if there was anybody there who had benefited by tlie advent'of the "Reid Ad ministration. (Storm of voices: "No.") Following Mr. Reid's example( he would ask for a show of hands. .(Not one went up in reply to tho question as to those who had benefited, but on tho . negative being put every hand in tho hall was uplifted amid cheers.) There had not been a time within the last 25 years when wages were lower or moro distress existed than during the last two years. Ever since -the Reid Administration took office there had been a general and constant reduction of wages throughout tho country. (Cheers.) The general labourer was to-day in a worse position now than at any time in his recollection. (Clieors.) It was a great pity that they had not an opportunity soon of appealing to tho colony for a decision upon Mr. Reid's fit ness for office, becausei he felt assured if that wero afforded by a very large majority those who wore now in Opposition would bo elected to fill his place. (Cheers.) It was not a question of place or profit that they desired, but a desire to see the .best in terests of the country encouraged, and work provided for their own' people, instead of as now being at the mercy of the foreigners. If they must have olieap articles thoy must oxpect cheap wages, because wages was the greatest factor in the production of goods. (Cheers.) It was not a good thing that they had existing in this country a state of things almost on a par witli some of tlio older countries of the world. (Cheers.) Ho alluded to tlio industries crushed out by tlie removal of the duties, aud aBked the people were they enjoying the pros perity which had. been promised tliein by Mr. Reid, He never knew of such a num ber of unemployed persons, and it was a funny thing that. if things were so pros perous it was necessary to dispense with so many civil servants. He could support tho statements made by Mr. Lyne with regard to the finances, arid, said that there was no doubt Mr. Reid had an object in withholding the estimates. Mr. Reid was a clover man — ("Ho is a wrig gler")— at humbugging tho public, and that was his intention when lio de livered liis precious financial statement. Ho had no hesitation in saying that Mr. Reid's statements of the public accounts wore not correct — (cheers) — and that Mr. Reid had — though not criminally — manipulated them in such a manner as not to put them fairly .before the public. The surplus of £333,000 was only a book surplus, and taking into consideration tho monoy Mr. Roid had spent during tlio year without accounting for, they found that lie liad a debit — tlie Reid deficit — of £882,000. (Clieefa). He dealt with the _ sugar industry, which was threatened with ex tinction if the duties wore removed, and lie asked would that be a good thing for tho colony. (Cheors). Ho advanced arguments to prove that Mr. Reid's assertion that the business commu nity found that tho volumo of trade had greatly improved was grossly inaccurate, times, as all admitted, novor having beon worse in the . city or anywhere else. (Cheers.) Iu conclusion ho hoped that the people of tlie colony would realise that their first concern should not bo the welj being of thoso outside tlioir borders bu. rather tho well being of their own people (Xoud cheering). Mr. Crick, in response to calls, spoke, receiving a warm reception. When Mr, See asked for a show of hands, to seo if anyono had benefited by the Keid Administration he mndo a bold challenge, because liow did he know that young Mr. Curnow was not there. (Groat laughter.) He saw ono hand hold up right at the , back, but it could not have been Mr. Curnow's, becnuso it was not largo enough. (Renewed laughter.) Ho intimated tliat as this Mr. Curnow had beon re- nmployod by tlio Government — (cries of " sliauio ") — 110 intended to inovo further in tlio matter in Parliament. Alluding to cheap goods, lio said that when they bought tliem thoy really bought cheap labour, and I10 characterised Mr. Reid's comparison of Melbourne and Sydney prices as utterly ridiculous. There wore repeated calls for Mr. O'Connor. Mr. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., who was ' vociferously cheered, said ho hod not in tended speaking, but at the "call" to him lie could not resist tho inclination to say a few words to such a magnificent meeting. It was enough to give good henrt to thoso protectionists who, through good and bad fortune, had fought tho good fight so long. (Cheers.) That meeting was held not only in the stronghold of free- trade, but in tho constituency of .the Pre mier. (Hear, hear.)' It was a very re markable thing that although Mr. Reid was not a man of few words ho could find time 'to go about the country from end to end making speeches before aud after dinner and not find an opportunity of, going back to the King Division,, which created . him and gavo liim political . life, to stato his opinions to thorn. .("Sliame.") If ho did como back, ho thought Mr. Roid would find that liis constituency was not going to repoafc. the, mistake which was so fatal tri many hundreds .in the crimmvinity. Any man who would take promises for. real facts was .not worthy of exercising . tho. -franchise. ; Ho hoped the enthusiasm of tliat meeting would be! turned into votes. . (Loud cheers.) . > ' - Mr. J. P. Sharkey, an elector of King Division, moved — " That in tho opinion of this meeting, hold' in King Division— tho Premier's own constituency — tho financial statement delivered by Mr. Reid on Thursday evening last is a grossly incorrect and misleading statement exposition of the national accounts, while his assertion that there has beeri-a revival of prosperity is a cruel and heartless mockery to those who are still outVof employment, or have had their wages .' reduced through the fiscal policy of the present G overnment." (Cheers.) He said he va's'an American — (applause! — and that every man iri America, whether lie . worked with'-his- brains or hands, was a pro tectionist. 7 , Mr. Ji M'Lean, another eleotor of tho King Division, seconded the vote, which was supported by Mr. O'Sullivan, who re marked it would bo a crimfort to Mr. Roid on liis way back from Kiama on Tuesday. . The motion was carried, only three hands being held up ' against it, while everyone else voted in favour of tlio proposition. The meeting concluded with cheers for protection arid tho Opposition. 