COMPIiETE STORY [PUBLISH CD BY 6PECIAL ABSlXGEHE2iT*3 A STRANGE AFFAIR, PEED. EAEVEY. [copraioffT.] It was whilst idling "my time away last summer on thelovely shores of Lake Con stance, pursuing my pet hobhy as an amateur artist," that I came to Ehnberg Castle, n dilapidated old building dating back to the latter days of the mediaeval ages. It stands within extensive but sparsely timbered grounds, in a lonely bit of country about six miles from the picturesque village of TTber lingen, and some two miles from the lake side. Clustering round the massive but dis mantled gates at tbe entrance to tbe broad, grass-grown drive that leads to the mansion are the ruins of perhaps a score of straggling cottages. To all appearances the place was quite de serted, and as I passed through the great gateway, and wandered through the neg lected underwood, seeking the best view to transfer to my canvas, I was surprised to hear the baying of a dog, and immediately after wards an immense wolf-hound bounded through the bushes, followed by an old man dressed in a suit of russet brown clothes, knee breeches, gray hose, and small shoes, fastened by large square steel clasps. On bis head be wore an old-fashioned three-cornered hat, which be doffed with great politeness as he reached me, saying in very fair English, "Sir, I am commanded by Count Conrad of Ahlspaeh to request the pleasure of your company, and to add that he would have met you personally in the park but for an accident which confines him to the castle." I replied by apologising for trespassing, explaining that I thought the Castle was unoccupied, a remark which I was sorry for at once, as I noticed the saddened expression which came to the old servitor's face. "Ah!" he said, " tho fine old place has fallen into decay , truly, hut all the trouble occurred in Count Conrad's father's time. However, sir, follow me, for luncheon is about to be served." Without further conversation I followed my guide through tbe deep foliage, tbe dog meanwhile sniffing suspiciously at my heels. We passed the front of tbe house, and going round to tbe rear, went through a small iron-studded door, acrossalarge courtyard, and entered by way of tbe kitchen and other household offices. Along two or three corridors, passing many doors, all of which were closed, we reached the great hall, large enough to turn a four-in-hand in, but deso late oeyond description in its cold bareness. A single table at one end was covered by two or three coats, hats, and umbrellas, and on the walls were a few relics of tbe chase. TJp to now I had met no one but my guide, and the signs of ruin within and without bad caused me much to regret having come so far. Judge then, my astonishment when he threw open a door revealing a large well-furnished and comfortable apartment, and, waving me in, announced, " The English artist, Count Conrad." " Well furnished" gives no adequate idea of the room. Tbe appointments were of the most elegant, luxurious, and costly descrip tion. A tall white-headed gentleman, with heavy moustache, rose from a sofa with apparent difficulty, as I entered, and walked by the aid of a sticlr, along the room, offered his hand with much cordiality. "My dear sir," he said, "pardon the liberty I have taken in asking you to come and see me, hut I am an old man, and seldom have the pleasure of receiving a visitor, and having dabVled a little in painting when I was young, and especially as I judge you to be an Englishman, your, company will be most congenial, for I have spent much time in England, and some of my dearest recol lections are of that country." I was pleased with the warmth of the old gentleman's welcome, and readily accepted his invitation to lunch, handing him my card (from which he read " Paul Birkett" aloud), and explaining at the same time that I was but an amateur artist, and a very poor one at that. . At this moment my former guide came in. and placing a screen round a table in one of the deep windows, proceeded to set out luncheon, to which, when all was ready, we sat down ; I, with appetite stimulated by a long walk, doing ample justice to both food and wine. . The charms of my host's conversational powers—for he seemed perfectly at homo talking of travel, science, art, or politics— ,were such as to cause me to express surprise that he should care about. living such a secluded life. 14 Ah, Mr. Birkett," he replied, "travelling I indu'ged in very extensively until mv father's tragic death, which occurred when 'I wag forty years of age. Up to that time I was, and 1 might almost say still am, uuder the impression that he was very wealthy ; for he had, twenty years before, bought this old castle and grounds, put the place in thorough repair, furnishing in the most lavish style, and extending his hospitality to all the country round about, and I never heard of him being in the slightest degree at anv time pressed for money. He was, however, parti cularly eccentric in one respect, for though geniality itself in his treatment of me—for my mother died when I was quite young, and I being an: only child we had grown more like brothers than fattier and son, ho never mentioned'the extent or whereabouts form a pretty good idea of the localitiesi from conrcrsations which you haie no ,donU heard between -him and his agent or man of : " No! that is another curious thing. He seemed to have ngents in various places bankers in London, Dresden, Stuttgard,; and Vienna, and lawyers or other agents in as raauv other places; but each had the same tale—namely, that they had acted for liun only since lie had purchased the Ehuberg estate, and during the whole time various sums of money had reached them by totters from unknown sources, and tlicSe amounts had been duly placed to the Counts credit &nd; regularly drawn upon by nun. Books were produced whicli showed but the scantiest balances in hand, and I was driven to retrench, as this place is worth nothing except as a residence ; but I like the old nun, so I dismantled all but this and another room and "hrtlf a dozen bedrooms, selling off all the extra furniture, &c.;, and commenced a land of hermit's residence. But suppose we ^ have another bottle and smoke a cigar in chairs on the terrace, and if you are fond of the mys terious and not inclined to ridicule I will tell I you how he died.' Accordingly" we went out on to the old moss-grown terrace, and sitting opposite to each other, with a little rustic table between us, lit our cigars, and the Coun. commenced. ' . . ,, , 44 Proleptically, let me explain to you tuat I do not believe in ghosts. My father, dur ing a sojourn in England in his younger days had, however, imbibed the tenets of a sect of spiritualists, and as I grew up had frequently endeavoured to imbue my mind with the same ideas, but I, with more naturally broad views, had declined to entertain his argu ments. I told you that ho never mentioned his property to me; but on my coming of age, after a grand party, he came to my room and said, 'Conrad, school your mind well, for you have a great future before you if you do justice to your position in this life.' 41 trust, father,' X said, 4 that I shall uphold the dignity of the name you have given me, but where are your estates ? Can I not assist in the management ?' 414 My son,' he replied, 4 you will gain full instructions from my will.'" With that the conversation ended. 44 Years passed away, daring which I spent my time as much abroad as at home. My .father often suggested matrimony to me, but somehow I never met my fate. Well, one evening I returned home after a hard day's shooting, and after changing ray dress inquired for the Count, and was told that he was in his study, and had given orders that under no circumstances was he to be dis turbed. As we had no friends in the house ; I dinel alone, and retired to bed early. Next morning the Count was found dead in his chair with a bullet hole in the centre of his forehead. 44 On the desk in front of him was the wiU ! only partly written out, and as far as it j went I gathered that I was entitled to pro ; perties as per schedules* Nos. 1, 3, 5, C, 7, I and so forth. But where were the schedules ? II was too much troubled that dny to think ' about such things, and with all the arrange i ments I had to make, police-magistrates to see, and detectives to confer with, it was late : when I songht my bed. 41 It was a beautiful night, and as I drew aside the curtain after extinguishing the lamps, the moon shone through the three windows, lighting up by its pale beams almost the whole of the room. 441 was suddenly roused, as it seemed, from a deep sleep to see my father standing by the bedside. My first sensation, I confess, was one of extreme terror, but this was soon succeeded by a sort of paralysation of the faculties which gradually stole over rae, a* the figure, raising its right hand to its head, said in solemn tones— . 44 4 Conmd henceforth scoff not at a spirit life, but if yon would learn that which it concerns you to know, convert my skull into a flagon, and as you take wine from my brain pad, so shall you drink of the spirit of my intellect.' 441 do not recollect any more until morniug, when I awoke with the vision so vividly im pressed on my mind that X forthwith obtaiued the necessary authority, and gave orders in accordance with the instructions, feeling utterly ashamed of my own weakness in doing so before the day woro away, as X convinced myself that I had been victimised by one of tbosc unusually realistic dreams which come to all of us at times. * 441 did not countermand the orders ; and still kept the relic, though it lias never been used. I'll show it to you—" toyou Saying this the Count touched a boll, in I csponse to which the old servant appeared. •* Bring me the ebony casket, Ludwig." A moment afterwards it was on the table ; a plain square case with heavy silver mountings. Taking a key from his pocket ho undid tho casket and took from the black velvet lined interior the gruesome relic of mortality which rested therein, and placed it before me. There it stood upon three silver claws, the perfect state of the teeth giving to the flesh less features a grin which enhanced the ghastliness of its looks. Immediately above the eyeless sockets was a round silver plate which covered the hole where the bullet had entered, and which bore a date only, Septem J h !• , skull had been for a lid which fell over the silver lined receptacle for drink. I hud never seen anything of the kind before, although I had £p11 or read of such cups. Turning to ray host^ I said,'"And this you say, has never been used if" ' ;" No, -.never,V. -he replied. " Not'it5*-: am in tlie least'superstition., f0f r ^-.A very reverse, but I did not like the idei of" nsiiig it at first, and it lias never strucl mai to do so airioo ; but I tell you what,' lfti Birkett, wo will eaeli drink a measure from it7 ' to-day it you are so desirous." . \-- ',«* Verv \volt.- I'll drink frn>„ Very well, I'll drink from it -*,11 pleasure. By-the-way, who murdered fon father ? I prcsumo the villain was cacehtfa " No, strange to say no trace of him vji' over found, though all tlio European" pipS' forces.were on the look-out." Neitherwm'" any further remittances received b7~ father's agents in his favour, hente.(i5C change in my mode of life. Ludwig, bri-™ another bottle." - " Tho Connt filled another flagon'to-ftv - brim and banded it to me, suyiiur. " Dr-V. toast, Mr. Birkett." - "To the dis:overr of your father's a^assa. Count," I said, and drained the flagon tolS bottom. "Thank you," he replied, andrT - filling the cup he poised it aloft for a moment^ then said, " To the discovery of my.fethay^ assassin," and again the goblet was ttripfed.7 I spent a very pleasant day'with tie ? Count, and accepted an invitation for the morrow also. Our intimacy increased to much during the remaining three weeks of my stay in the neighbourhood that we parti' with mutual promises to write frequently' to each other and meet again as rooti'u possible. The Count had quite recovered from his: accident; indeed, it was but a slight'sprain and could now get about the country-witi his gun, attended by his faithful old Ludwig and his wolf-hound. • • I returned to ray home in Dorsetshire, to resume for a time my bachelor life amongst a" tenantry who were continually pestering me • to " bring a wife to the old Hall and keep up the family traditions." Three weeks went by, when one evening. - after a hard day's riding visiting some out- • lying farms I dozed off to sleep in ah easy' chair after dinner, and had a dreamt I thought X saw a small room in which 'wasi-.y grand old black oak cabinet, .but very Iittla ., other furniture. A well-preserved -elderly .; gentleman in a blue dressing gown entered *' the room, and carefully dragging the cabmst:T. from the wall, removed a small 'panel froiajV the back and placed in the hole a packet, after:/: which he replaced the panel, pushed the• cabinet back into its original position, .aad'.v' left the room. There was nothing in the dream to'fix'V my attention, but it recurred again after T - had retired to rest for tho night, and in the'-, morning^ wa3 so strong in my memory that';. I felt quite thankful for the inspiration, .and * commenced to paint the scene. That night it"?■ again came, bat this was in no way sragukq ; as my raind had been full of it during the " day, whilst painting. In a week I had almost completed the ~ work, still having the dream each mghV . when one morning I received the following letter:— "Hotel d'Italia, Naples, , " July 19, 1892,---,£ " Dear Birkett,—Can you spare a week or two and join me,'as I should much like-to.;; nonsuit yon on the strange business which brought me to Naples ? They have some ; cellent old Lacrimaohristi here, of whichl have bespoken two cases for yonr special T use. Please come immediately and help yours very faithfully, "CONBiD.". "Now," I thought, "that's ctmocsr. What does he want me for I wonder? ; Hov- - ever, I'U go." I at once packed up, and at the last moment:; decided to take my paiuting with me, that I • might pnt the finishing touches to it if op;" portonity offered. A few days saw me in Naples with the Count, and the first evening, over obotilv ho said, "Yon know, Birkett, I fear to excite your ridicule by what I am going to say, for yon will certainly think that I nar8\\. no excuse in reason for bringing you across'-. Europe. You must know that a fortnight - ago I begun having somo extraordinary- ' dreams, extraordinary, that is, inasmuch u. / tho same came night after night with no*/ variation. I thought I saw my father writing, a letter in his study, and looking over hisr shoulder, read, * Dear Conrad, Goto Napletl*. It has so worked upon my raind that I come..- - I have not had tho dream since, but I doa't know what to do, and so wrote to joa'to'. come. I am a fool, am I not f" " There is something very remarkable ia'; all this," I replied, "for I also hare be®, inspired by a dream, to such an extent tfcitl? have painted the scene from memory, ana: called it ' The Secret Hoard.' Come into my..; room and I'll show it to you." ^ He followed me, aud assisted in unstrap*. \ ping the box which contained the canTSf • As the picture came into full view I saw Jj® ; face turn deadly pale, and as ho grasped .the r back of a chair for support ho whispered— . " My God, Birkett, that is my father ia an old lumber room at the Castle. ' , It was some minutes before we coail,.; collect ourselves sufficiently to talk. .Way. agreed that, to say the least of it, very extraordinary coincidence, and that .' under the circumstances we must remain u.; Naples for a time to see if anything caoDla* como of it. Two days afterwards, whilst strolliflgfll®1?,' one of tho commcrciul streets off the Core, .,*< a gentleman on a bicycle collided with lha \ Count and knocked him down. I PlC*~K: up, and assisted him into a shop, n kiMt*-;. second-hand furnishing warehouse^ ^r®T he sat down to recover himself.. Cosing ®Jr eyes casually over the contents of tho judge of my astonishment when in f I saw the cabinet. There was no it. I carelessly inquired the price, and.*» ■ told seven hundred liru, but I bought it I 7 four hundred, equal to about sixteen!?®1?*, sterling. ; Taking cur.purchase to tho hotel -wo com menced operations.-nnd. .as wo attacked the hack with hammers nnd chisels soon found a way in, and by this time expectation was so high with us both that wo were not in the least surprised when wo had found the hiding place, and drawn forth tho contend Going carefully through tho . papers wo found securities for large sums■: of . money variously invested, and documents-.which proved tliat the late Count, hud a son two years younger than Conrad, who had been .managing the greater number of the invest ments. Investigations, afterwards ^ showed that this son had been drawing the: iricomo nnd lavishing it inmost extrurngant stylo on an actress iu Paris, until two years before be was fatally irjured in a night brawl. Conrad*had-no difficulty in making good his position, and soon had hdinberg in some thing like order again, though he spends most of the time in England. Wo hnve frequently speculated over the events I have narrated, bub neither of us has yet ventured to call it mcro than ■ 'A Strange Affair." 