GLENGARRY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDRNT). Oct. 21. The Glengarry Cricket Club concert took place in the Mechanics Hall on Monday evening last, and was a complete success in every sense of the term. The members of the club rolled up in good force and the hall was packed ii every part. As usual a large contingeiiticame from Toon gabbie, and naturally assisted in making the concert a financial success. Mr. D. Crows had arranged a splendid programme, the p"iidipal items being given by his pupils, and it must be said that they all :acquitted themselves admirably. This is the third concert Mr. D. Crowe's pupils have given during the last three months, and on every occasion new and interesting items have been placed before the audience. The first item was an over ture played very nicely by the Misses Pratt; song, "Ye Banks of Allan water," Miss Dora Lang who is a general favourite and was loudly applauded; pianoforte duett, Misses Mitchell, was nicely executed; song (comic) "Don't cher know," Jim Crowe, was given in splendid style, and was deservedly encored, and then sang aChinese song. The next item was the Highland Fling by V. Thom son, N. Taylor, Neva Mowatt, E. Wallace, M. King, C. Mowatt and D. Harland, and was loudly applauded; Maggie King sang " Come Birdie Come" in a very sweet and pleasing manner, after which Esk Lovell and L. Crowe danced a sailor's hornpipe very neatly. Miss Jeannie Crowse played " The Signal March"on the piano and showed marked improvement, the piece being much appreciated. Master Bermingham received an encore for "The jolly old Mare," and gave ".Hurrah for the life of a Farmer." Miss Nellie Taylor sang " His Fader keeps the Brewery" in splendid style and was loudly applauded. The next was a selection for violins by ten of the pupils and which was well re ceived. Little Allan Crowse, aged six years, gave a nigger song and dance " The Alabama Coon," which fairly brought down the house and he re ceived a well merited encore. Master Joe Lang sang " Mother's Parting Gift" very nicely, and Miss A. Mur tagh gave a pleasing rendering of " Barney take me Home Again." Miss Neva Mowatt sang very sweetly "Kiss me, good night little darling," and Miss Ved. Crowe made her debut as a singer in " Merrily I roanms," which she executed in first class style and was loudly applauded; Mr D. Crows sang a new comic song "If it wasnt for the 'ouses in between," and being encored gave "Dancing is delicious." The concert was brought to a merry conclusion with a " Trilby" farce (composed locally) by Messrs Crows Mowatt and Marstin, which provoked much amusement, the " get up" of Monsieur-Bethoven (Mr Mowatt) and Mons Mozart (Mr Marstin) being ex cellent, while the ghost (Mr Fred Bandoin) acted his silent part well. The dance that followed was well attended, and the Cricket Club will have a nice surplus. The Rosedale Cricket Club will play a match against Glengarry on thelocal ground on Saturday next. The Glen garry team will be picked from the following-Cull, -Crowe, Bassett (2), Lang (2), Bowman, Keon, Kyne, Marstin (2), Rice, Taylor, Harland, King, O'Meara, Cullen. Players are requested to roll up early. 