FRECKLES. BY LILIAN CANDLER. " Madge, Meg, where are you. I say, Madge ! " "What do you want ? " " You, of course ; what else do I ever want ! Where are you ? " " Up in the apple tree, of course ! Where . else do I ever get when I don't want to be dis- _ turbed ? " " Then come down." ' What for ? Can't I finish my chapter ? " " No. come at once ; I want to tell you something." "Here, then, catch the book." And she dropt a copy of much used " Asphodel " out from the gnarled old branches of the lichen-grown apple- tree over in the further corner of the orchard. Rt-xinghnm Hartley had by this time singled out the favourite resting place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to holp her down or to catch her should she jump. The open book descended flat on his upturned face in her stead ; and while he stooped to pick it up aud to gather together the loosened, flutter ing pages, Madge swung herself dowu from her perch. " Well ? " she asked him. " What's the matter ? " he made reply, star- , ing at her as he straightened himself. ' That's what I want to know. You said you had something to tell me." He stuffed the book into bis pocket, and stepping towards her took her two liunds in his. " What's up, Freckles ? You've been cry ing," he said. " Well, I don't need to be told that when I did it myself," and she laughed a little watery laugh through her tears. " What's the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it."' And he took her two hands in his strong brown left one and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. " It's only the stupid old book, Rex, and I've read it twice before." " Goes out aud drowns herself, doesn't she P I remember. Silly old Freckles ! But 1 say, by Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes ;you look awfully nice." "Don't tease; what have 3 ou got to tell <me ? " and she rubbed her wet cheek up aud down his coat collar. " Nothing that'll make you cry, little one, but something that will make you so happy on my account." " Oh, Kex, what is it ? Won another bicycle race aud got a jolly prize ? Or a rise <in the office ? " " Guess again." He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch ing the tears vanish away as she turned her flowing face to his. " Dear, I can't guess ; fell me." " It's something jolly, and will be a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expression." " Rex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the chestnut of Sir George's you wanted ? " Her eyes looked very serious now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. " No, pon honour, I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't." She said nothing, but with a happy little sigh of couteutment she laid her head down on his shoulder again. " Well, I see I'll have to tell you," said Rex- ingham after a pause. "You remember the artist who was struck with your hair last year ? " " Uhm." " Well, it's something to do with him ; can't you gue6S ? " Sho knit her brows and puzzled in silence. At last she said: " No. I've no idea of anything about him that could concern you except through me," she added in au under tone. " What did you say ? " he asked quickly. "I don't know of anything that could concern you with regard to him. Have you seen him . lately ? " " No ; but I've seen his sister." " Which sister ? Miss Rive or the frisky widow that was here P " " Both ; but I mean Pauline — Miss Rive." : " Well ? " " Can't you guess ? " " You don't mean 6he has asked you to sit for her and means to paint your portrait P " " I didn't know she could paint people." ' Didn't you ?" The retort sounded as if it half revealed a secret. But Rexinghnm did not notice it. "Well, I'm engaged to her, that's all, and I'm . just the luckiest fellow in the world ! Isu't it jolly ?", Something startled him, it sounded is though a voice in the far distance and yet somewhere quite near ejaculated " Oh God ! " And, hut that the expression was so unfsminine, and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than au interjection, he might , have faucied Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep iu his coat. " Well," he asked, after a pause, " aren't you going to congratulate me ? " Still she was silent. " Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven't you a word of good luck for -TBSr Why I used to think yon were fond of me little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my bit of good news to." He put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now, aud so seemed to be the colour from her checks aud the network of little sunspots which, had won her her pet name from him, stoo I out in bold relief against the unwonted paleness of her skin " What's the matter, Madge ? You look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? " The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was gone in an instant. " I think I must have swallowed a piece of fluff off your coat," she said, " and it stuck iu my throat." " This engagement of yours is rather sudden, my'boy, isn't it The tone seemed somewhat anxious, and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when, about au hour afterwards, her son bad sought her out to tell her of his piece of good luck. " No, mother, not particularly. . We saw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have often met them in London since." I had no idea you admired that kind of girl," said Mrs. Hurtley. " Oh, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, besides, she has such a good figure, and really the dearest little foot and ankle of any woman I know." Well, I suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figure and a pretty ankle," said his mother, with just a touch of something that was not like her ustfal kind self in her voice. " Have you told Marjory ?" she asked after a pause. " Of course I told Freckles just as soon as I got iu from the station. They told me she was in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old playmate a.b once." " And what did she say, how did she take it ?" asked Mis. Hurtley anxiously. " Ob, she didn't say much, she was a bit surprised at first, and, besides, just as 1 was telling her a fly flew down her throat or some thing, aud she had to swallow that first. After a bit she asked me if I were happy in my en gagement, and when I said, ' Rather ! ' s-he tolrl me then so was she. I say.uiother,I want you to ask Pauline down here, aud all might get tip a little picnic or something. And — 1 should like it to be nice you know ; they are very rich ! " " How do you like my dress, Rex ? " " It's charming." " But you are not looking at it." " Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dress ! " She laughed, she was pleased, and yet con sidering how used Paulino Rive must have been to compliments and flattery it seemed strange she could still feel so delighted about them. " What are we gemg to do when we get out of the train ? " she asked presently. " Go straight to the river ami meet Meg and the provisions there, and that lazy brother of yours if be remembers to turn up." " Ob, Rex, it will be awful if Jack doesn't come ! " " Why ? I needn't do all the work. Madge can row." " No, I meant—' two's comfortable, three's a crowd, -you know." " Oh, Freckles doesn't count for an extra one ; she is a jolly sort of girl that way." " I don't like Miss Arleigli," protested Pauline. " But you must since she and I are great chums, you know." " Yes, I know. I wish you were not." " Why ? " " She's a funny sort of a girl. Do you know what Jack said of her ? " ' " But Jack's mashed ; he'd say anything. What was it ? " " He said, when he was so mad that time for her to sit for him, you rem< mber - ' that girl js the sort they make heroines and murderesses of.' He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour which comes and goes under her skin, means passion and strength of will. Does she ever get in a passion, Rex ? " "Never; she is the sweetest-tempered woman I know ; but I don't suppose Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we are." As they jumped out of the train Madge met them on the platform. "I came to the station," she said to Rex after greeting Miss Rive, " in case you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rive has uot come. Let me have the other side of that, Rex," she said, suiting the action to the word, " I'm so strong, and it lessens the weight so much, for two to carry it." " 1 could have helped Rex," protested Pau line. Rex laughed. " You help, indeed ! Why you are only half my size ; and, besides, the strain would pull that rig of yours out of gear!" " Besides, I am more used to it ; am I not Rex ? " answered Madge, turning to him. " We've carried many a picnic basket down to the river between us, haven't we ? " " Yes, Madge, you're an out-and-out brick ! And she never shirks her share," he added with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. " I suppose you have known Mr. Hurtley a very long time ? " observed Pauline in a dis tinctly " conversational " tone. " Not so very long ; I am only tweuty-two," replied Madge so brightly that to suspect sar casm in the answer seemed treachery. " I was three and Meg ten months old when mother adopted her," explained Rex. Pauline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips and walked on. To her the. remark seemed ill- bred oil Madge's part. They were soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat ; it seemed as if there would not have been room for Jack Rive had he come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? " asked Pauline as they started. "Yes, if you sib still and don't wriggle about ; it isn't else." " Then why did you bring me out in it," she exclaimed, in horror. " Oh, Freckles and I always use this boat, and there is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair." " Do you often go on the river, Miss Arleigh ? ' asked Pauline. " A good bit ; in the holidays Rex and I are out nearly all day ; when I'm alone I generally go iii a canoe." " Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe ? " " Oh, no ; not if you know the river. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is diffi cult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if the boat's not trim." " By George ! it's more than difficult ; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along 1 " ex claimed Rex. "Oil, I'm so frighteued ! Let's land soon, please," eutreated Pauliue. " Sit quiet for goodness sake, Lina, and vou will be all right. We must get down to Willow ! Bend before we open the luncheon baskets ! " I Miss Rive's courage rose, and her equanimity i returned as she found that the boat neither ' turned upside down nor ran into the bank as they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases in her new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tl ey landed, and the baskets gave up their hidden store, much, too much of course as esud, as is the way of picnic baskets. "I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped ; don't you ? " remarked Rex, as having- supplied the ladies, he begun to fill his own. " You seem quite as well able to dispose of the things," laughed Madge. " Hasn't that boy nn enormous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss Rive ? " " I can't say I've noticed it," replied Pauline in quite un aggrieved tone. "Oh, come now, haven't 1 been in a good temper ever since you first smileil on me ? " exclaimed Rex, with his month full of pie. They dawdb d so .ong over their luncheon and then went " just a little lower down," before turning back and again putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of tea, and it was such fun boiling the kettle and washing up the plates, aud re-packing the basket, that it was growing aark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the river . Even Pauline Rive acknowledged that she had enjoyed herself — Rex was so joyful and Marjory so quaint and marry that she furgot tiiat her gown puckered wherever the water splashed on it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. " I'll scull home." said Rex, " and you steer, Freckles." " It's getting awfully dark," he said pte sently, after working steadily for a quarter of an hour. " Are we near the lock yet ?" " Another sixty yards and we'll be insido," answered Madge, peering into the darkness for boats ahead. In the lock Madge wanted to change and take the sculls to rest Rex a bit ; she thought, too, that he would prefer the seat next Pauline, but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, be was not tired he said ; and it wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark. When they emerged from the lock they found the river very misty, besides being over shadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. " I don't like this ; I don't feel safe," ex claimed Pauline. " It's all right if we are careful, and Freckles is a splendid steerer," Rex assured her. Presently Madge said : " Rex, there is some thing in front of us ; it looks as if a great coal barge had broken away from the tug and was floating broadside on to us." Pauline screamed. "Give her plenty of room, then," ordered Rex, and Madge turned the boat into the middle of the stiv am, as the obstacle seemed coming down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they came from the shadow of the great hulk the lights from a steam launch blnzed in their eyes. Before they knew whf to do the frail boat struck forcibly oguinst some thing. " We're lost ! We're lost 1" cried Pauline. " Sit still for God's sake, or we shall he," commanded Rex. " Can you both swim ?" " Slip loose your skirts," whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they had time to recover her, she had upset them all into the water. " Help !" shouted Rex ; " we're capsized ; stop tlie screw." Madge found herself clinging to the side of the boat, which had not turned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She caught at. the wrist of Pauline and placed her hand on the boat too. " Hold on." she cried, " we are all right but even as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight ; it was evidently leaking. Soon she. heurd Rex close to lier. " Are you both together ?" " We are both here," answered Madge. " Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re ceived a blow." " We must struggle on to the barge ; the steamer does not seem to have heard us, and has gone on." " Save Pauline," cried Freckles, as the boat sunk out of her grasp wijh a swish and a whirl of black water. Rex seemed undecided. In that supreme moment the faithful affection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. "Save her," repeated Madge; "1 can swim !" Rex struggled to the side of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, burdened as he was, too, with the inanimate weight of the fainting Pauline. He was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to gmn the bank. There he deposited his Future wife. " Freckles," he shouted, " make for the bank. It's not so very far. ; go down stream a little and then come past the barge. Madge ! Madge ! I will kfep on shouting that you may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will come out to you !" No answering shout relieved his hungry ears. " Freckles !" he cried wildly. " Madge ! Madge !" Still no answer, but in his ears ran to the tune of the gurgling waters. " Save her ; I can swim !" And with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had fled out to eternity. " Does this new photograph of mine do me justice,' love ?" said Miss Giddy to her dearest friend. " It does more," replied Miss Fiipp. " It's really merciful to you." " Are you writing any more stories ? " " No, I've given it up. Too much friction." " Worried you too much, you mean ? " " No. My manu script was worn out going through the post so much." > Patient ; Is the doctor at home ?" — Maid : i " No ; lie has gone to the football game." — ' Patient : " For pleasure or professionally ?" 1 # " I Und< rstand that Willoughby was half seas over at the .Sneerwell dinner." " Oh, no, he was sailing into the port when 1 lett." 