MELBOURNE, FRIDAY, 34th JANUARY, 5656—1896. DR. BEVAN tells us that ho cannot understand how a Jew can believe in the Old and not in the New Testament, the' latter being only a continuation of the former—that is according to Or. Bevan. To our mind it would be far more difficult to under stand how a Jew, being a Jew, could believe in both the Old and the New Testament, since the latter, in many essential points, is diametrically opposed to the former. There is, for instance, one fundamental principle which, like a golden thread, runs through all the books of the Old Testament, and that is the Unity of God.. There is no uncertainty about this doctrine. It has no origin, nO' .-development; it is co-eval with the very beginning of the Hebrew pecple. We find it as complete and as uncompromising in the (lays ■of the Patriarchs as in the closing period of Hebrew prophecy. God is one—both in number and substance, that is the key-note of all ■Old Testament teaching. " Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our Uod, the Lord is One !" exclaims Moses, and more than ohce he tells his people, as emphatically, as language is able to, that the Lord is the Godwin Heaven above and on earth beneath, there is no one beside Him. Exactly the same is the teaching of all the Hebrew prophets after Moses; " I, even I am the Lord ; and beside me there is no Saviour," is the Divine message sent through Isaiah. " To whom then will ye liken God V' asks the same prophet. " To whom will ye liken rne that I should be equal to him ? saith the Holy One." We could, indeed, go on ad infinitum quoting texts from the' Old Testament to the same effect. Now, let us for a moment turn to the New Testament. In dealing with this part of our subject we have to assume that the New Testament is one homogeneous whole, -though we know perfectly well, and later on we shall have occasion to show,-that such is not the case. We are asked to accept the New Testament on equal terms with the Old, and we are going to show ■that in'very essential points the one contradicts the other.. Now, in the fourth. Gospel (x. 30) Jesus is represented as having said, "I and my Father' are one that is to say, though different personalities, -God and Jesus arc identical, the one is as much God as the other. ;Jesus is said (vi. 33) to have come down from Heaven to give life to the world ; hence, it is not God-who dispenses life both in this world and the world to come—it is Jesus who does this. We can well understand that (according to x. 33) the Jews were shocked when' they heard; such teaching, lor it would be impossible to con chive anything more: diametrically opposed to the monotheistic belief which they held. Again, towards the end of the first Gospel Jesus lis recorded to "have said, " All power is given to me in Heaven and in earth," and to have advised the Apostles to baptise all nations " in ,.,the' name of ■ the-Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The writer of the second Gospel tells us that, after his •death, Jesus was received up; into Heaven, and there lie sat on the right1 hand of'God" ; while the Gospel next in order states that the vApostles worshipped Jesus. How,how is all this reconcilable with the teachings: of the Old Testament, which insists upon One God and,One'God' only, and which holds up no man, not even a Moses, .as worthy of Divine adoration ? We arc promised1 in the same Old ; Testament tlint the day will arrive when " the Lord shall be King over all the earth, the Lord one and His name one." For thou sands: of years this lias been Israel's hope, the burden of Israel's pra3rers. Wo can alrcndy note the gradual fulfilment of ,this pro phecy. It is no insignificant sign of the time when men like K%tchtnrath\> Prof. Dr. Daniel Schcnkcl;- tell us (Bibel Lexikon, <vol. ii.v:p.' 25)-that the doctrine which the Gliurch has laid down in reference to the Trinity is a stumbling-block in the way of thousands of sincerely religious and strictly conscientious people, and the sooner , that stumbling-block was removed the better for Christianity. In .spite of all that Dn Bevan asks us to accept the New Testament, and,thus depart entirely from the pure monotheism which; has been our people's boast and pride throughout all their generations. Our answer is—Won possumus: We are not prepared to set the hand of time back, not merely one or two centuries, but thousands of 3'ears. . Let us take another point, and one almost as important as the' first, to show that the New Testament is hopelessly at variance with ,thc Old1 Testament.; Throughout the latter. God is represented as .the Father of all men; Abraham calls'Him. " the Judge of all the earth." Moses, declares that God;" loveth the stranger, in giving him food and raiment;" The prophet Malachi asks: " Have we not .all one=Father;? Hath not one God created us ?" In short; every -where in the Old Testament God's Fatherhood is taken as an estab lished-fact. God stands to man im the position of. a fatlier to his children; You may approach the father at any time, and without the; intercession of a .mediator. . In any trouble;or difficulty you appeal to your Father in Reavcli, and if lie so pleases Ho will accept;your petition. It is voiy 'different in the New Testament. " No man cometh unto the Father but by me," Jesus is alleged to have said, to-one of the apostles (John xiv. 0). " I am the door,, by nic if any man. enter in lie shall be saved {Ibid x. 0). " He that, believeth and is baptisedshall.be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned" (Mark xvi. 16). How does that harmonise, witlr the teachings of the Old; Testament 7 Here we have a universal God and Father accessible to all alike ; according to the Now Testament, no matter how deserving a man may be of God's love, ho is shut: out.from.it except he seeks it through the medium of Jesus, Of course we can well understand that a man born and bred in the Christian faith will readily accept such teaching ; lie is told from the very beginning that with. " the; coining of Christ " the Mosaic! Dispensation passed away. Neither will it practically make much difference to him whether lie adheres-to the one set of teaching or the other, since, as Macaulay tells lis, it is altogether impossible to reason from the opinions which a man professes to his feelings and. his actions. We are quite ready to admit that there are thousands of Christians who strictly adhere to every dogma of the New Testament, and who arerJievertheless, excellent men in every sense of the word. 11 nfc^w5T^h]a|.JeWris aslced to accept the New Testa ment as Divine rev^elaliOTi hecannq£^ielp looking upon it as something very different ffou/ tli^-faith "wmel&hc; has cherished since times immemorial, fomw^h'*tdfdji(^|ifidB ofVhis people suffered martyrdom, and which lie fina^h^eyery wai^&nipatrole; with reason. Dr. Bevnn had a good deal tirsaV^gttinst .the ^^lism of the Jewish religion, by which, of course, oiu^ites(Jii rfonies are meant. But if, as we believe, and have every reason to believe, that legalism constitutes the will of our God, are we not in duty bound to conform to it ? Dr. Ucvan knows the New Testament maxim, " By their fruits vo, shall know them," and if lie will apply it to our laws, rites and ceremonies lie will find that the strict observance of them has done our people all the good in the world. It has made them a sober, frugal and industrious people, able to curb their nniinal appetites, and to exercise self-control. It has given theni a vitality such as few other races possess, and which is readily acknowledged by the foremost scientists of the day. In short. it has enabled them, as a body, to pass unscathed through the fiercest persecution ever experienced by any people. To abandon those laws now would be the height of folly, as it would surely be followed by the tnost serious conse quences. It now only remains for us to speak of Jesus' alleged claim to the Mcssialiship, which, however, we must put off for our next issue. It is not the Anglo-Jewish community alone that suffers an' almost irreparable loss by the death of Sir Julian Goldsmid ; the Jews in every part of the world lose in him a warm friend and champion. Wherever the cry of the oppressed Jew was heard there Sir Julianas sympatliies lay ; in that direction his helping hand was extended; It mattered not to him whether It was in Germany; Austria, iiussin; Roumania or in any other country. His only; desire was to raise the oppressed and handicapped Jew to a footing of equality with his fellow citizens of other creeds, and thus to enable him to work himself up to. a. respectable position in society. Above all things Sir Julian was jealous 'of the good name that the Jews of England had gained for themselves at no small amount of sacrifice and perseverance, and morcthan once lie expressed the wish that all Jews carrying on callings of'questionable propriety should be rigidly excluded from holding any office in connection with a Jewish congregation. Though a prominent member of the London Reform Congregation lie was as sincere a Jew as any member of the orthodox congregations; and one who, in case; of necessity, wouldv have shrunk from no sacrifico for the good of his religion and his people. Like a modern Mordecai he sought the good of his people, and spoke 'peace on behalf of all his seed. Of such a man it may truly be said; . VThe memory of the just is blessed." 