AT THE B[?]HIC[?]. REPAYING HIM IN HIS OWN COIN —OR CREATION'S REVENCE ON MAN. MOSQUITO. When I was a small boy and used to watch the butcher cutting the throats of the harmless necessary sheep, or siming his murderous blow with a pithing spear at the book of the neck or the frantic, agonised bullocks, it need to occur to me that somewhere or other, or somehow there would be ah awful judgment for all this cruelty. I could not conceive that a Creator who was as wise and bene fioient and altogether faultless as the; text-books and the teachers and preachers who wrote and who studied those text* books declared the Creator to bo, could hove over created creatures for the purpose of having them so dospitefully used, maimed, mutilated, slain and de stroyed. They seemed to have ho doubts on the subject, or rather such things never seemed to give them a thought. Not so the young enquiring mind who wished to know the Wherefore of the Knowable of whatever was Kuowable, and of a good deal that was not. I used to imagine the soul of ..the busy butcher standing beside the judgment seat with a great crowd of the souls of slain sheep , and cattle and pigs and other boasts and insects whom no man could number for] the abundance thereof, waiting to show cause why he should not enter into the more salubrious abodes of the Hereafter and play on a harp of his own. Thebutoher I used th' i n to think would have to personally bear the whole brunt of his torturing and slaughtering of the creatures whom God hod made and pronounced good. A little later on os ideas developed £ used to see myself and others of the butcher’s customers standing as prisoners beside him in the celestial dock—access series in the till then ceaseless, measure* less and universal blood»go!Uy crimes of human and of bestial carnivora. A third of mental development has since been reached, in which the blame of all this bloodshed and cruelty is transferred to the original cause of it, and the batcher and bis customers are conveniently released to come up for judgment when called upon, pending the settlement of various nice points of biological law, including the survival of the smartest and tba luckiest. Bat leaving the animal food question oat of tbo argument altogether, it is very highly probable that very many of us will some day have to do very sad and severe penance for our deliberately fiendish, or oar cowardly, or oar thoughtless acts of cruelty to what wo call the lower animals. (I wonder what the “lower animals’' call us—we self-styled lords and eelf-ap* pointed arbiters of creation, and of as much of earth, air and sky as we can get at,—I wonder wbat the “lower animals” call us when they bear or read about our disgusting crimes perpetrated in the name of religion, and our horrible orgies when with the prayers and blessings on them of priests, bishops and mollabs, organised hordes go oat to slay, rob and ravish 1) In other respects too, bow would civilized humanity like to be treated as civilized humanity treats the socalled lower orders of creation 7 Thns wouldn’t we think it very hard and brutal if we were suddenly transplanted into a region where poetic justice was being dealt out to mankind for a few of the deeds that have been done and are being done momentarily on this earth. How we would quiver and shriek with.alarm, expecting the coming of our own tarn, in one or other form of retribution, when we saw ;— 1— A strong well-fed goat smashing the jaws and legs and rupturing the intestines of a starving man and of his little ones who were taking a mouthful of the fat goat’s weeds and grass. 2— Bulldogs and terriers biting the ears off babies in order to make them loot “cockier” and smarter when they grow up. 3— Hares, rabbits, ’possums, wild bears, etc,, keeping dogs and guns for the purpose of going out on Sundays and other days and nights to bunt and shoot larrikins. ~ 4— A flock of wild duck suddenly and iadiscrimately discharging volleys of shot and buljets into a Sunday School picnic party inoamped for tucker on the pleasant river aide—shooting and slaying adults* and little ones alike, and sending others limping and wounded away to their houses to die of gangrene and grief. 5— Oats, rats, mice and cockroaches laying poison and infernal machines for catcbiog and killing housewives. 6— throwing atones at boys and sending them home limping and bowling to be gently licked, petted and sticking plastered by their poor affectionate “mum' j mies.” ' j 7— A cow raising her hoof as high as j Professor McCourt’s bigb-kiekor and i landing the dairyman one in the ribs for-| not bringing her more oats in her chaff. { 8— A rabbit sneaking into a farmer's j kitchen just before dinner and dropping 1 strychnine into the soup'pot. 9— The sparrows convening a . con ference for the purpose of disposing of Or.' Oarolin with bis own receipt. 10— The ghosts of seven million rabbits haunting the pillows of Inspector' McNamara, of Marong, and of genial, old GarrettBaok, of Neilboroagb. i 11— A bullock making a half starved ' man pull a big load with a big iron clamp; round his neck, half -choking him and j cutting into hia flesh, j 12^-A three* quarter starved,unbrushed and uncombed horse making a Sabbatarian" ; merchant pull goods in a waggon on the Lord's Day through Kyoetou and 0 as tie main, because they can be got up cheaper that way than by paying a decent Obristiaonlike rate on the railways. ; 13—A horse, on a bitterly cold morn* j ing, cramming and crashing a lump of frozen: iron into a .man’s . mouth, - and ■tugging and jerking ; and yanking at his j jaws all day long with it. 14— A lion looking a man up in a small iron cage,, telling a pack of abominable lies about him, and taking him around the country for a show, 15— A pig compelling a man and his wife and children to live up to their hecks;' in slush and fllth-^djagustin^ wi th\ pu trid ’biocd^etc.', !$>*$ rlnk^V;; pulling vtBe-logs5'and- : ibbysf.and “ bid; fossils,*’ oruoifyipgj them with iron ’ stakes driven through: 'their bodies.;_;' ■ V-..." ’/;' 17—Kittens choking thp necks, >' and , with tbeir'paws ' gouging the eyes out of lfttle'babie9.';\V- > ' ■ o ■ .. 18—Lobsters andorayfish patting live men-and children Into o pptofpblcl water toi dbme to. a boil slowly over a low fire. 19-~d3ugs and fleas drowning women’in Bcaldingwater. ' ' " ' 20.-—A pig, with a pint pf beer beside him,-chewing a bUck padding made put of a butcher's blood. ; ■ -21—A sheep.sitting down to -breakfast with a coaple pf riba before him oLyoar two.year old bajiy. . .. • \- -22—!-The hobsesdog and -the houseboat taldog.and- Awning all thpae;bf. you* wife's they, .don't think are wanted abput the /place—with an Special grudge; against .twins and girl babies-- " . . -23—A horse harnessing np a man who is covered with sores, and whose legs and arms are> in the last stages of rhea-' matismi-and paralysis, and making him 1 bring in a load of wood from the bush 24—A flock of pigeons putting a crowd of men into little boxes, starving and half smothering them with parasites, etc.,, lotting thorn loose one by otto; firing into them for. ‘‘ sport,*' and thoti throwing the dead and tfbuoded and dying 'into a promiscuous Quivering and disgusting heap, till the pigeon-batchers are ready for homo, " (>1 ; ’ 25— A rooster tying a Eartadr's the-bihd legs, carrying' hot'through tbo> streets, head downwards, and then throw* log 1 hor into an auctioneer’s' crate with fifty othor, farmers* wives, sons' and daughters and do old man or two similarly tied and tortured. * 20--— A couplo of pigs, on a Thursday afternoon, driving home a pork batcher, an Irishman, a OornishmaU,. a Gorman, and a Ohlaaman with a whip and a sharp hard rope knotted into and cutting- into their hind legs and Pausing excruciating agony at every step by stopping the circulation of the blood. ' ' 27—A rough male seal sneaking into a draper’s shop and driving a knife into the body of a dainty fashionable lady, and as she lays writhing Half dead on th e floor, whipping off her skio to make ornaments of it for his own little.seal dttes, 28 —A beetle getting into your oar and driving you insane with pain in revenge for that oao which you needlessly killed the doy before yesterday. . 29 —A worm threading a live famish*, ing mao-on a hook, attaching a' weight to him, and bobbing him up and down as a bait for sharks, as long as there's life enough in him to kick or sqdirm in bis agony. A GRBBNE-HORN ON THE BENCH. X suppose after what Mr. Melville called him in Parliament it is no barm in saying that the police magistrate of the Ingle wood district is a Greene-horn, He is a carious Greene-horn, inasmuch os though be is very Greene bo is old in the born. Is there no way of seeing that police magis trates, judges, etc., are kept np tOjCpncert pitch ? None, it appears, except the press. In this case at Inglewood of old man who was ordered to be buried 1 after dark like o malefactor, it would Very probably have passed without notide if The Bendigo Independent and* Ballarat Courier bad not simultaneously pointedly directed attention to the scandalous pro ceedings. And Mr, Abbott, too, Is again deserving of the moat honorable mention for the way lib brought it before the Upper House. What were our sleepy beaded wool-gathering Labor members engaged in that in a matter like this it was left to an Upper House member to intervene? Affecting as such questions do the poorer classes, for it is only on very poor persona that coroners sit and juried bring in verdicts of snicide without mitigating circumstances—with or with out burial at the midnight boar—this was palpably a question for a Lower House member rather than for the Legis lative Council’s comfortable and influential classes. There are a good many members of the Lower House, men who affect the popular side of politics especially who require to be treated like, as boys, we used to believe' horse- dealers treated | sluggish horses, or as Sancho told his i master that Andalusians treated their mules when they wanted to sell them. They want some ginger or a little atone in their ear. The worst of the Greene horn business, is that there is no purely | local press to keep the old gentleman up to the mark. Up to the time of writing, the press of Inglewood and Kerang has, for instance, been quite commentless in the matter. This shows that in distribut ing its officials the Government should only send good, sound, sensible men to places where there is no press to keep ap eye on them, and make known what they are up to. I could not publish a tithe of the com ments and dedubtions that I have heard to Bendigo on Mr. Greene and this case. It is right and proper (or Mr. Melville" to speak in Parliament as he pleases, but a pressman (rightly and properly too) has 00 snob privilege. Yet I must' say (bat if the Law Department would give Mr., Greene a billet in the office, say to help' Mr, Akehurst to write letters and huntr op old laws, and send op another police magistrate it would stop the lawyers and others in this'jquarter of the colony talk ing as they do talk. There . is not >bne • word said personally against Mr. Greene’s; character, nor against his desire, to be 1 just, legal and righteous. But the old man fails most egregiously in getting there. He is not of the forensic'or judi? oial or judicious cast of mind. He has talents fitted to adorn some othbr branch* of the service. He’d be invaluable, for mstaocej at the head of the Titles or the Patents’ Office, and I wouldn’t be sur prised if he wouldn’t make an excellent secretary for’ mines, or an Audit and Public Service. Commissioner. But as a police magistrate—enough. When he rakes up one old, barbarous, sacerdotal, superstitious law and puts it in operation against an old dead man of 93, whoi warranty have we got that he will not be banting up some of. these: old illegal, barbarous, 1 sacerdotal and. superstitious' laws against witchcraft, and next be burning or drowning some poor old woman of Inglewood, Bridge water, Boort, ICerang or the Serpentine ?. The witchcraft laws are just . as, securely broad-based on the British constitntion.as is. the other law,^Or, again, when whims, and fancies take the, place of common aensb-and decency as against a dead man, what guarantee have living litigants of public justice and safety getting , better or more sensible treatment 1’ I’d like to spend a week in Mr. Greene’s courts when he had a few tolerably interestiog or com plicated oases to deal with. I warrant me, if what I hear is true* t rdhaveV column or two of very interesting pnd more or less edifying anecdotes to.-narMfcp. It is related of the old gentlemaH<thafc on one ot his last trips to Bendigo, where he comes periodioaUy two P.M.’s to - statu to n a llyVrnn-oat thfc Quarterly batoh-of used-up?.^fly^blown P, publicaps, aod put inaoother batch to be i'similarly dealt with:* a little. later-on—it ■ i8;rbl*ted '-that■ he his time, and questions relating>tq> ; .TheVlo.wa of and mbdernjiand^ Ing to the tafcuVe .salpidesV Those who 'spoke wjth him on the subject suspect now that be was ” in fseti-for a sensation. He determined to make it hob forj -fche next suicide who, came before him."It quite aQ';acci«> dent, a it was 'a.madfol nearly a handred|'yearB TtJvwjfe the his that the enormpusTage of did nob fit in pf^ttTp antique, ieiyity. The fitnesa ahd mtelligence bf odr magia'- i tratesTor.■■the a really serious matfer---a doubly serious 1 matter, I repea^ pendently conducted andoutappken -Ibcali press. y'iiSX] V \- Says an old ., and -recently reformed smoker; /.‘ When I now.see-people snifter- Ing and spitting abont the ; plaoe, l am lost in astonishment how it ’WpB . that l u8ed ?tO Q8oape being often ejected from and kicked out of places where I was doing the same myself Ob, the filthy, truculent and ot pipo-araokofti, and the disgusting heavy alonoh that our would-bo swells make with those rolls of abomination which they call * mild cigars’! w [Verily, there is no-zeal like the zeal of. the convert. They are not afraid to ' proclaim the truth, though this fellow may himself bo smokn ing,again some . \ : , The phylloxera' men: ofStrathfieldsaye, I am afraid, overdid it. They seemed to be altogether too anxious -to get the Government to destroy all ' the , vineyards for.two or throe ' miles around. -Their roundly abusing of the Huntly and Epsom people for not joining in the “hagUat}on, , ’ X am afraid rather gave the .speakers away with the Government, The coni sequence is that the Government are taking another year to see whether they’ll dig up all the Strathdeldsaye vineyards and compensate the owners, or what they’lldo. Thus dp'we sec the evils of precipitate talking at large. The phyllox* ora .mien should hark back—they should back, on ta another O ourse. Those who were “hagitating” loudest for total destruction should discreetly drop into the the back-ground,- and two or three spokes men should bo put forward to roundly and forcibly and “enthusiastically” declare that besides phylloxera they have re volvers and ball-dogs on the premises— I’m more afraid of greyhounds myself, as the confounded things are so much more active; when aroused—revolvers and bull* dogs on the premises and he, bo be government or municipal officer, who interferes with ope solitary vine of my vinos will have to do so over my dead body and that of my bulldogs. “Yes I That they will have. to do” should the valiant vigneron exclaim, “though the phylloxera moths were rising in myriads- : darkening the horizon, and the phylloxera, tioks creeping over the ground as if lb were a French poodle that hadn’t, bad a bath for twelve months I ” “ * When the young Czar comes to Paris, as they say he is going to dp so shortly, what are the odds that he will live to see Russia again 1 There’s' a fine .“screw,” grand house's, magnificent pickings and perquisites, and other things attached, to the billet, but the. daily , risks which he has to and ergo are thoroughly pro portionate to tho “screw” and other things. The risks are stupendous. It is Nature’s or Nemesis’s law of compensation .in operation. As if the Czar did not have enough Nihilists in Russia, that he musk risk a journey through* Western Europe where expatriated and exiled Nihilists will accept signal for gathering on his tracks like hungry wolves after a traveller on a Russian wilderness in mid* winter. And'when he gets to France, his own subjects and ex-subjects will be re* inforced plentifully by the most terror* inspiring fire brands of French dynami* tards and other anarchists! You remember how the Bagdad water*se ler used to wish that ho could, be-the gr<a' llnroun al Rasohid lor only a couple of hours. What bribe would one of our poor humble selves require ‘ before consenting to ride io a carriage for two hours through the streets of Paris disguised as the Czar ? Enough “sugar” at any rate for your widow and children to be .comfortably | provided for, in the very probable event of the'expected happening. Mr, Murray Smith’s definition of Socialism approvingly quoted by the 'Argus ;—“Th a * > everyone should have everything done for him by everybody else ” Mr, Murray Smith’s notion of a well-ordered state, (not quoted) “Where the many are the slaves, .and conveniences'of the few.” . r • Writing a free puff for publication in the local organ about his “ melodious and attractive cantata," the - poor music pro* lessor was heartbroken when the Mack* guard printers brought, it out as bis '-“melodious .and attractive catata.*’' (1 sympathise witffhim, as a brother sufferer, repeatedly, in misfortune.) -y 