! TOLD BY A LIGHTHOUSE i ASSISTANT. - My man, do you want a berth r” said he. y “Aye, aye, cappen,>f said I. “I want one badly. I’m half-starved and half-frozen.” He made no answer, but just a Bign to follow him, and he stalked away and I pegged after him. He kept close along the shore as we walked, and for a whilo he said nothing. At last, however, ho turned and pointed seaward. “ You see that ?” said he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. * “ I’m the keeper,” said he. “I want you to cook my meals and keep my bachelor's ball for me. Now and then I shall wautyou to row in Ind buy provisions. The work won’t be hard, a think the pay will suit you, Do you know why I chose you ? ” “No, cappen,” said I. “ Beceuse I saw that hope was at an end with you,” he said. “It’sonly a man who had come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse.” flI was on a desert island once,” said I. “After that I shan t be afraid of aIighthou.se.” I’d been in a lighthouse before; it.was no new thing to me hut after l*d been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was liko being pensioned off; thore was nothing to do. But, mark ye, whan it c*mu night, and l he wind began to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound wo heard was the swash, awash, swash of the waves, my master mixed some grog and called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I cau’t say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting it again. Then said he : “ What’s your name ?” “Ben Dare,”said I. “Would you mind calling yourself Brace?” he asked, “I’ve no reason to he ashamed of my name,” “Look here,” said he, "I am a gentleman born * ml bred. I never camu to earning my bread before. I’m ashamed of it. This is what 1 mean. If *ny strangers come out here lo ask for William Br ce, why, you can say you are the mnn. You claim lo be lighthouse-keeper. It’s easy. I don’t suppose much company will call, but I choose not to see them, if the}' do. That’s what I hired you for.” “Oh,”said I. 44 You see,” said he, “ I got this place through a rich man who had influence. Those who gave it to me never saw me If I die some: day,why, here you a»e in the ptnee. If I go off, and I may, here you are si ill until the n. I’ll pay you well, and \ou know your dulies.” “ Well, it’s shamming,” said I, “ but, after all, what does one care what my name is, and what shall I call you ?” “ Call mo nothing,”said he. “ Call mo Cap tain. ns you did when I met you, but never speak of me to any one.” Gentleman or no, he wasn’t lazy. He didn’t care how he worked. The lamps w<re as bright as jewels. There wasn’t a speck of dirt in the whole tower But let any boat come nigh us, away lie went and Itid himself, and came out with a white, scared face and n shaking hand. At night ho was afraid to go up to the lamps alone, and he’d look over bis sboultUr aud turn white as we stood together. At hist ho took a new turn. He stood staring for awhile. Then he spoke to me in a lo\y voice : “Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?” “ l bavn’t considered the question,” I answered. “ Well,” said lie, suftlier than before, 4‘look into that corner,’’ and h« pointed. I looked. “ Don’t you see anything ?” lie naked. . “No,” said I; “ no, Cappen.” “Ah,” he muttered, “very well, very well. I’m glad you don’t.” But that wasn’t nothing lo what happened the very next night. We sb-pfc in two bunks nigh each other, and naturally wh» n he woke up with a yell I woke, too. lie was shrieking aud shaking and wringing his bonds. The woman! the womaa! ” he said. “ She stood her just now, all red with blond, it drip ped down the white rufllcs. It dripped on her hands. Stop her! stop her ! She has gone to call them. Stop her! stop her!” “Where did she go?” I asked. He stared at me with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below and above. “ Siie couldn’t have been here,” said he. 44 It was a dream.” 44 Lord love you—a nightmare,” said I. So we went asleep ngain. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used lo her. The Cap|K.n, as I called him, got to be worse and worse every day. I wanted to go ashore and fetch this doctor, but he would not hear of it. He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, and a dead calm at night. About dark the Cappen went to sleep, and I went aud sat where I could see the water and the lights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in their foreign lingo. And I 4rns sort of quiet and, dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and sudden. Something was standing on the steps below roe, something came toward roe. It was a little slonder figure, with long hair all about its shoulders. I couldn’t sre its face.: I don’t think I really saw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown,; and that she had gone to the room where ray master lay. I shook too bard for a moment to' move ; but as soon as I could I started up to go to him. Just then a voice cried : : “ Lighthouse, ahoy!” I answered, “Aye, aye,” and stopped a bit. Duty first of all thiugs with a sailor. A boat lay at the foot of the steps, and four! men jumped out of it. “We want William Brace, keeper of this lighthouse,” said one, a big man in a linen over *“ Tm one that answers to the name,” says I. He swung a lantern over my head. 44 Search the place, my men,” said he. There was no use paying anything, but I did try to slop them. 44 I’ve got a sick friend aloft,” says I. “Don't disturb bini. I’m afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he’s so low.” “W’hflt woman ?” s »id ho. 44 The one that came aboard with you, sis,*! said I. “No woman CAme with us,” he snarled. “Stand aside. Men, do your duty.” They went upstairs. I followed. I saw them walk into the Cuppen’s room. I heard them ciy out and stand still. When I got to the door they stood in n row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn’t frighten the Cappen more. He was “ What had he done ?” I asked the officer. “ Killed his wife,” said he, •* that’s ull. No doubt she deserved it; but it’s not allowed by law when they do.” • “ God help him,” said I. 