GENERALITIES. The phonograph is now used in American schools for teaching purposes. S&eefc; are the uses of adversity; but they are few who have any use for it. The wise man is he who does not make a fool of himself twice in the same way. In Southern Russia the camel is being much used in agriculture, and with great success. The most beautiful face in the world is that which peers over at one when one is in a liole. The United States has a lower percentage of blind people than any other country in tbe world. — . Misfortune seldom gathers friends, but when it does they all stand round and say, "i told you so!" Beware of the man who loves everybody, because he has to spread his affection on mightv thin to make it go round. Doolan—"Fitzgerald say's he's desctndod from some of the greatest houses in Ireland." Mulcahy—Musha! So he did many's the toime —on a laddher. A woman who can taken a mental inventory of another woman's street attire in four seconds will occupy an entire morning in telling her neighbours the details. Settled out of Court.—The Maid—"There were four flies on the cake you sold us yester« day." The Confectioner (to an assistant— '' Give the lady four raisins," Little Johnnie—" I've thwollowed a pin, ma!" Distracted Mother —"Oh, Johnnie, it will kill you!" Little Johnnie—"Naw, it won't; it wath a thaf ty pin F'j "Mamma," said Edith in a whisper, as the bald-headed man with the full beard entered the room, "there's a man whose hair is all growed down through his face." He Could Hear the Parting. — Doctor— " Your mother-in-law must go immediately to a warm climate." Henpeck—"Dear doctor, will you perform the operation? "So they were divorced, eh?" "Yes; for incompatibility of temper." "How did it come about?" " Well, you see, he had the in compatibility and she had the temper." An Ambigious Position.—She (with check buried on his shoulder)—"Don't move, Fred I This is so nice." He—" Then yen do love me, darling?" She—"Nonsense! It helps my toothache!" George Took the Hint.—"That makes 33 times I ve kissed you, darling," he said, as he put on his hat in the doorway at 11 p.m. "Oh, George! 13 is an unlucky number," she answered thoughtfully. Robbery in the First Degree.—First Mouse " How (fid you get the cheese?" Second Mouse—" I found out that there was no one in the house but the servant, and I just ran at her and scared her nearly to death." Magistrate—" How do you account for the fact that the man's watch was found in your pocket?" Prisoner—" Your Worship, life is made up of inexplicable mysteries, and I hope your Worship will so instruct the Jury." "Ibelieve,"said the young man, "ingiving the devil his due." " Um—yes," replied bis father, who was looking over the stubs of his cheque-book. "Still, I don't quite see the propriety of your paying him at my expense." A Safeguard. — The Widow — "How strange! The people - who live near the Cemetery claim they are haunted by the ghosts of my three husbands." The Fnend— " They should ask you to come and live with them." Had Some Idea of It.—" And have you never learnt to dance? Then you know nothing of the poetry of motion." " Poetry of motion? Great, Scott! I walked the floor with that boy of mine last night and recited Mother Goose to him for four whole hours." There is nothing so tends to shorten the lives of old people, and to injure their health, as the practice of sitting up late, particularly in the winter evenings. This is especially tho case when there is a grown-up daughter in tho family. This item is published at the earnest request of several young men. ** I. do not. understand it," said the philo sopher. "What is bothering you now?" enquired the other. "If a man is two hours late arriving at homo his wife raises a row, while if he is gone two years she will give him a royal welcome, Women are so peculiar. 