SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME, 'Ah, ihas the spectre appeared to you agate, my lord ?' questioned Molnk, his face fliming. ' Has the ghost been here ?' 'Yes. Bernice came and looked in upon us, as Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed. or moatred, and the sound'went to my soul, I saw her face, and it was pale and sorrowful, yet glorious in its beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also--' 'No,no-I saw no ghost i' Chetwynd turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. 'Surely you saw her,' he declared. ' You looked towards her-you did see her-' 'And 1 say I did not. Isaw no spectre whatever.. Do you think, my lord, that we are all victims of your peculiar craze ? I tell you again I did not see the apparition, or illusion, or whatever it might be called, I swear I did not see it.' 'And you looked towards yonder door, Sylvia ?' 'I did. I looked straight at yonder doorway,' affirmed the swarthy beauty. SHad anything been there-even a shadow, I must htve seen it. But there was nothing there.' 'My lord,' said Monk, calming himself by a strong tffilt and speaking soothingly, ' you deceive yourself. Sylvia did not see her, and lhad there been a woman Sylvia must have reiu her. You have experienced a recurrence of your singular optical illusion.' 'I wil not hear that word again, Monk,' said his lordship, excitedly, his face flushing. ' ' llusi ,n I' Why, she ran along the con sdervatory, and I heard her light footfills. She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. I was as ntear to her as I am to you. I reached out my arm to grasp her-and I caught this I' He unclosed his clenched hand, and dis played a fragment of point lace, yetlow and wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, just as he had torn it from Bernice's sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared appalled. Here was evidence such as they had not counted on that the spectral visitor was living woman. Both stood dumb not know ing what to say. Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat upon his hand. 'The mystery deepens,' he said. hoarsely. ' But that I myself saw my wife die, but that I myself saw her buried, I should say that she lives and has been here tonight. Look at this lace. It 'ias on her burial robe-the robe she wore on her first evening in this house. She had the gown made in London. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this lace. There were branching palms done ia film, as one might say. And here is the palm nearly perfect. If my visitor were a ghost, would she wear tangible lace ? And whoever she is, how came she with this lace which I remember so well?' 'Chetwynd,' said Monk, slowly, 'I think you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her resemblance to Bernice. Calm yourself. .ook at the matter dis passionately, if you can. Bernice is dead, so your.visitor cannot be she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said, some designing woman.' 'But the face was pure and noble-' 'Thatproves nothing. The face might even havebeen a mask. L.t us resume your search, ;;it very.quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what we are doing. You search the park, and I will search the cliffs and be~ict. Shall it be so ?' The marquis assented and thrust the lace in his picket and sent out with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery had indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. He hurried out towards the park, into whose dark recesses he plunged and dissooeared. hMonk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, be went to the garden entrance and stole into thehouse, and made his way up to the attics, as Ragec had done before him. ' I'll fi..d her up here,' he thought. ' She hais come up to change her vown. I bave been m ghty near to ruin to.night Once I get possession of her again I'll hold her fast, so that she shall not escape me.' Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thus spent, he became conscious thl!at some one was moving in the rocma in advance of him. IHe leaped to the con clusion thit Bernice was fl.eing Lefore him, and he hurried forward, inlent upon her capture, moving swiftly and almost noise lestly,:having removed his boots at the outset. He gained upon the stealthy person in advance, and soon became aware of the fact that she'had halted and was hiding some where in the stillness and darkness. He moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in the darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the: end of which was an open doorway giving into a smaller, darker room. Listen ing, he was sure that be heard suppressed breathing it that inner roonm. S' I have her now 1' he said to himself, exultantly. 'She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron Now, my lady, I hive you like I have a bird in a cage. There is no outlet to yotlder room I fancy, save through this Ysou are caught at last !' He bastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprang upon him, and a pair of long, s tpple arms stole about hIis neck, as seeking to stringle himn. Ha I I have you now !' hissed a voice which he recognized as that of thIe East Indian woman. ' This time, girl, you die !' Toe long fingers twisted themselves like snakes around his neck and the old woman clung to him like a horrible incubus, But suddenly her fingers came in contact with hibfs beard. The shock of a great surp'ise unnerved her fingers. The tbug like bold on him relaxed; and now Monk seized his assailant and flung her from hirni like some venomous repttlie, as he cried : 'You accursed hag I! You here ?' 'You here, Me. Grlbert,' said the Hindo:, scoaling at him through the darkness 'Curse you I' said Monk, angrily. 'I ought to kill you, you infamous Thug 1' The old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongJe. 'Get out of this!' said Monk, authoritatively. SIf yc:u make another move against Lady Chetwynd I'll have you sent away from here You tried to murder her ladyship at the skater's chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me; do you understand, I know you, root and branch. I overbeard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months ago, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock death and funeral for reasons of my own. I have had Charge of my lady ever since. I am working out schemses of my own, but they will not interfere with those of Sylvia. My sister shall be Lady Chettsynd. I am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now ?' The old woman snarled in dissati factioo. She did not believe his protestations. Her determi'ation that Bernice should die only gathered new strength. But she realised that they were wasting time in talking which should be devoted to pursuit. Therefore she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the least deceive her opponent : 'If you say it's all right, Mr. Gilbert, I sup pose it is, and I'll go down stairs.' She abruptly darted past him to the larger attic and glided into the corridor-beyond. 'She has resumed her search,' muttered Monk. ' It's to be a race betweeu us which shall find Bernice first. Lest some devilish instinct should guide old Ragee I thlink I'll follow her. \We are sure soon to find her.' He hurried out, but Ragee had disap peared. He sought for her, but could not find her. He tramped from room to room but she eluded him. He searched for hours until be was fatigued and wrathful, and persuaded that be had been completely baffled. Then he went sullenly down to his own room. He was scarcely seated when a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience to his summons Lord Chetwynd entered the room. The young marquis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. His blue eyes were burning. He looked excited, anxious, and perplexed yet determined to solve the mystery that encompassed him. 'rI've been to your room twice, Gilbert,' said his lordship, 'and you were not in. Have you just returned from yours search ?' * But five minutes since,' said Monk, rising and proffering a chair. ' I have searched the cliffs and beach and boat-houses, and have not found a trace of your singular visitor. I have even searched the house high and low, fancying that the visitor might be one of the housemaids masquerading for y.mur benefit, but I have not gained any light upon the mystery.' 'The mystery will soon be solved,' said his lordship, with increasing calmness. 'I have at last something tangible to work upon. So long as I supposed that I was dealing with the supernatural I was helpless. But this fragme'nt of lace proves that my visitor is living, and I intend to know who she s. The mystery shall be probed to the bottom. At present I know not what to think, and I shall summon assistance in the solution of the affair. I shall need your bhelp also. I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard for a skilled detective o be sent down immediately.' Monk changed colour and his beart beat more quickly. SAs long as there is a possibility that some one of the servants may be concerned in the affair,' continued Chetwynd, 'I shall keep the identity of the detective a profound secret between ourselves. I shalh not even intrust the telegram to a servant, and I ehall beg you to take it over to Easthbourne and traos mit it yourself. I can trust you, Gilbert, but whom else ? I shall not know peace until I have solved this mystery.' 'I shall be glad to be of service to you, Chetwynd. Command me in any way you please. I will set out at daybreak. And the better to conceal my errand from the household, I'll walk over to Chetwynd-by-sea and hire a fly at the inn there.' Lord Chetwynd assented, and drew out his notebook and wrote a message upon a loose sheet, addressing it to thesuperinten dent at Scotland Yard. He gave this into Monk's banis, enjoining him to dispatch It at an early hour of the morning, and soon after withdrew. *'There's trouble ahead,' muttered Monk, 'unless I cap ure the girl again. I'll have to send the telegram, for any treachery in regard to it would be detected;' Soon after daybreak he left the house, and set out.oo his walk to the village. It was broad daylight when he entered the inn-yard and a stable bay came to meet him. 'I want a fly to take me to Eastbourne,' said Monk. ' How soon can you have it ready ?' 'There's one here now ready to start, sir,' replied the boy,'which belongs to Eastbourne anti brought over a lady as wor vailed last night. The lady got out up the street, and told the driver to tome here and wait for her, but she hasn't been nigh un since. And the driver are mad because be's to get no pay for the return trip.' ' Ah ' said Monk. I'll eo baek with him. Is the fly ready to start this moment ?' The boy replied in the affirmative, and conducted Monk to where the. vehicle in question was in waiting. Monk entered into negotiations with the cabman, and hired the vehicle to convey him to Eastbourne, He gave the driver money fr drink, and so loosened his tongue, and obtained a descrip tion of the lady passenger who had come over on the previous night. The descrip. tion tallied with the appearance of Bernice. But why had no: Bernice returned to the village after her visit to the Park, and gone away in the cab ? Had the Hindoo found and killed her ? Or was she still in biding at Chetw'nd Par k? These questions occupied Monk during the journey to Eastbourne. He sent his tele. gram, and waited for an answer. As soon as it camt, he engaged a hansom cab and set out on his return to Chetwynd Park, arriving home soon after the nine o'clock breakfast. He had his repast alone, and .ubsequently an interview in Ihe hbrary aith Chetwynd, after which hie went up to his sis'er's rooms. Ragee was in attendance upon her mistress but the Hisdoo woman's head was bound up in her turban as in a bandage, and there were plasters on her face. She walked lame also, and Monk leaped to the conclusion that sthe had had a personal conflct with some one probably with Bernice. He regarded the woman keenly, and d.-tected a smoculdering rage in her stealthy eyes, and be knew by that tigress look that Ragee had found her victim after the East Indian woman had parted from him. And if she had found Ber. nice, what Ilthen. He wert out from Miss Monk's room full of lears and tremblings and muttered, as he stole again to the lonely attics: .Ragie found Bernice-that is clear. She must have killed her. But if the girl escaped her fangs, she's in hiding somewhere now, and I must get her away before the detective officer comes. What it hIe were to find her I ()once get her safely ,ut of the way and I can defy him. My tracks are covered' CHAP'TER XXIII. THE YOUNG WIFE'S DESOLATION. AND where all this while was Bernice ? Had the Hindoo woman really found and killed her, as Gilbert Monk was half per suaded ? We related how she escaped by the private spair leading up from the g;rden entrance to the attics She hurried on through thelarger rooms, lighted by dormer windows, to a small dark chamber, in whicht was a light, movable ladder, ctmtmunicating by an open trap door with a low garret above. During her secret stay oh weeks in the upper regions of the house, she had discovered this retreat, and bad made use of it. It was not the great garret to which she had sent Gilbert Monk in quest of her effects, and she was convinced that he did not know of its existence. She climbed swihtly up the ladder into the garret, drew up the ladder and closed the trap-door. Then she sat down in the dark and stillness, listening. There came no sound of pursuit. Breathing hard, like some wild hunited creature, Bernice waited until her heart bad calmed its tumultuous beatings and her setse of hearing had become acute. Then she arose softly and produced from among the rafters a lantern and a nma?ch. She struck a light. The room was very bare, with naked floor and rafters. There was no window, but the pale light stole in through chinks in the roof. There was quite a draught of air blowing. This room had been Bernice's most secret bidins-place, and there was still a small store of biscuits here. Bernice groped among the rafters and tonk down her dressing-bag and travelling atire. She threw off her now draggled white silk gown with its torn lace, and rolling it up, thrust it among the crevices overhead. Then she bastily dressed herself in her neat gray costume, put on her hat and vail, and was ready to depart. She lifted the trap door and listened cautiously. After listening a long time she lowered the ladder to the room below. Then she crept down, and not waiting to hide the ladder, she crossed the attics and begun her descent to the lower floors. Stair by stair she descended, meeting no one. She reached the second floor in safety. Her heart beat like a drum. She hardly dared continue her degcent, but equally she dared not linger in the house. She crossed the great upper hall like a sbaddw, andti approached the private stair leading down to the garden entrance. The private stair had been greatly used by Bernice while she had been mistress of the Park; but it was not frequented by the servants, who bad their own separate stair cases. Bernice bad, therefore, no fear-of encountering anyone upon it. She stood at the upper landing a moment in hesitation. All was still below. There was uo commotion in the household, no sounds of excitement or alarm, Breathing more freely now, she began the descent very slowly. The stair was of a class known as boxed, the walls enclosing it on both sides. Bernice had descended hall way in the gloom, keeping one hand on the wall, when the door at the foot of the staircase opened, and the old East Indian woman, Ragee, bearing a candle high above her head, entered the stairway and began the ascent. 