THE LITTLEBOROTJGH BACHELORS' BALL. " No, Frank,' said Jim Wickhara, in reply to bis companion's question, we have not hod a Bachelors' Ball in Littlcborough for tbe last three years." Captain Curgenven elevated his feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilted back bis chair. His host watched him nervcu«ly, being concerned for the peril of the Crown Derby teacaps. " I don't think I shall break anything',' murmured Curgenven, contentedly : " I have only got slippers on. It is awfully gorvi of you to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograph-frame— the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the interest of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboard is reliable, as it ought to be,I shall be thoroughly comfortable iu body and mind." W'lckham seemed to be used to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance w*s usele-s. He made no comment, and relumed to s the subject uouer dircussion " As soon as Charlie Davidson got marrii d 4 " he continued, " we the gallant remnant <.f single blesstduew io LitllebotougH, cjn«dde:e.l it about time to cease advertising every ChriaCT mas our fortunate condition. Charlie had managed the Bachelors' Ball for years." " And success! ully ?" "Execrably uo worse Secretary csuld have lieen found. That was his gr. at merit, because everybody was alwajs pr<pared to abuse him. He always offended two-lbirds of tho neighbourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother and 6ister cne year." " 1'oor old Charlie •" said Curgenven, with a smile. " his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." " When he lesigned he lelt the management of the ball in such evil udour thai nobody iu the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather a painful incident in connection with the laBt dance we gave that has not yet bceu explained to all." "Tliii is very exciting," remarked hi6 friend. "Please lo reinerabfr that I have been f.'iir years in India, and am dying for Litlleborougli news. Relate tbe occurrence i;i your own inimitable style, while I smoke and listen." Jim Wiukhaui was a seasoned bachelor,whose esrbest and only love had been Ihe soon J of bis own voice A kindly little busybody, few thingr iu Littleborough escaped tbe inquisition of his double eyeglass. He drew a chair to the fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation ol his own powers to do justice to bis subject. •• I need hardly say it was Charlio Davidson's fault entirely," ho began. " You know we used to have a list, of people lliat were inviti d ev. rv year. Charlie always cent them invitations, whether tin y had left the place, or were dead, 01-bankrupt. He used to invite them all. lie asked old Miss Cumbrrbatch i! re»- successive years after her death nt the sgn of 79." Hut she never would accept, I suppose ?" " No ; she never appeared. But at lsst he asked auother man who wss also deed." " Undeterred by the silence of Miss Cumberbat^h? " " And this man," said Wickham, lowering his voice, and laying his hand on bis companion's arm, " actually appeared at tbe ball. That was the uncomfortable part of it." " Good Lord ! " said Curgenven, •• I say, you'll have to shift that Sevres flower- rase ; it you make any more statnmeuts of that kind, I shall be kicking it ove.r." His host rose, obediently, and cleared a wider space in the neighbourhood of his companion's slippers. Nether spoke for a moment or two, and then Curgenven demanded cont nuance and an explanation. " Who on earth was the man ? " he nsked. " He had no business to lie anyhody on earth then," was Wickham's reply. *' His name waf Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remembei him." Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. I did net know him at all well. He was up in these parts learning banking, wasn't he ? 1 remember him chiefly «& a great friend of old Watcrlleld, the banker. Surely ht was in Watcrfield's bank ? " " That's the man. He was a great friend of mine, and he was a great friend of Kilty W:»terfield's—be used to talk lo me about her.'' " I knew a girl would be bound to come into tho story soon. What is she like ? Attractive r I don't know her even by night." Not the least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. Shu's either too shy or too reserved. I've known her all her life, and taken her in to dinner aboutthirty times. I once extracted from her a confession that she disliked tomatoes, but thai is the only confidence she has ever honoured me with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit furthei with her than that. Indeed, he waf desperately keen on her. I can't for the life of me imagine why, except for the fact that she didu't care two straws about him. She used tc be rude to him. though, and that was an advance on the distantly polite attitude sbr adopted towards everybody else. " Well, at the last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Mias Waterfield danced togethei more than onee, I can vouch for that, and they sat out together pretty often too. She waf never in much demand as a partner, though he was popular enough ; but he never looked at anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all over the room ; and sht went about, either with him, or without him, r pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. Sbe looked rather pretty that night, but whethei she enjoyed herself or not I have not the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and have a smoke with me after the dance; and as be was putting his coat on io the cloak-room, I said : Yau're coming round for a pipe, eh ? ' He said : * Not to-night, I think. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought be seemed rathei low-spirited and tired, and he shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, that was four years ago, and I have never 6et eyes on tbe man since. Mind the clock, Frank, your right foot is dangerously near it," " Yoa ought not to say each startling things, then. Go on." " The next day Ferguson left Littleborough without a word to anybody. His letters wert to be forwarded to him at some club in Loudon, I forget which. Most people wondered at his going, and missed him not a little ; but tbc only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, and nobody in his settsee ever dreamed of pumpiag her. She wcut on just as usual not looking either melancholy ot relieved, but simply expressionless. 1 spoke t<j her once about him. but she never answered, and I changed tbe subject to Rome, where sbe had jnst been. She was not exactly gsrrulout on that topic either ; but that is neither here nor there. " We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor's Ball \ year after, and Charlie Davidwu, wtio was engaged to lie marriod at the. time bad signalised bis farewell appcMtxncc as Secretary by making even a bigger mexsof tbe ball titan usual. On that occasion be overlooked the l.ord-Lieutenant and tire Colonel in command. I was iu he County Club lunching one day with two or three other fellows, when b lui-n said suddenly, ' I ace that poor young Ferguson, who was up here, is dead. He died somewhere in Africa about six weeks ago. It »a« in all the papers. Didn't anybody sec it P ' 1 Nane of us had seen it, and it was a great shock t.) me. But Charlie Davidson, who was there, turned as pale as a sheet, and laid down bis knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor t'erguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry for bim, as be looked very much upset. ' Young Haliburton, however, begau to crack bis customary joke.'! at Charlie's expense. He observed that we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary invited turned up, and was further anxious to discover if Qu<«n Anne had beeii askod, saying he thought she might be offended at the omission. But when he went on and said it was enough to draj: young Ferguson from bis grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Haliburton to dry np, and not try and be funny on a subject like that. " You know, ? think Davidsou was workod np into rather an ' eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He has often, in telliim me the story of what he saw, remarked that he felt a presentiment " " Oh, don't" intcriuptcd his lislcuer. 14 Don't let us have any presentiments. Go on with the anecdote." " Just as yoa like," replied Wickham.mildly. ** Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, tbe supper-room had just been opened, and he was nu>hing about telling tbe wrong men to take in tbe wrong ladies Hecameintbeeonrca of his career to a 6mall sitting-out room close to the entrance-hill. It was rather a cold snd unpopular room, with a dejected-looking palmtrre in the centre, and fitted out with the shabbiest of the sofas aud chairs. The ball secretary came in, bnt he stooped quite as hastily the doorway. For, sitting side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dunlop Fersguson. The inlruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full ip the face and saw that he was while and haggard. " Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, and bolted out like steam. He managed to Snd me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gave him some brandy, which he wanted badly ; and then he told me what be had seen, and begged me to go and see what I could seo. " Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and 1 hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that tbey had been mistaken iu telling us that Ferguson was dead,or else that Chailie had been mistaken in thinking that be had seen him So I put ou as calm a face as I could and made straight for the spot. I went iu airily and casually, only to find there was nobody there but Mi-s Waterfield. ^he was Canine back on ! *" f "' KUh b«r bands behind ber head, looking up at tie el< clric light." " iJidn'lshe seem 1 upset ?'" ?'" asked Curgenvep, " or st.itled P " " She looked nothing, as she always did," was the reply. " Ti:ei e wis positively not one ign about her that couldU11 m.ybodv anything. She lookid, if nnytlruv, a little"bf.red." " That is <|u tin; t»r. ct expre-s:ou for a ?iil (o wear." f'bsi ived Curpenven, selecting a •ljiarelte !r<im 'he box t-be txb'.e, " when her !c.'id iuvt-r hi* n tmn».<! fr< m the grave to meet vLtl.e auiiiveihary of the diy sliu (ejected aim. 1 suppose yoa catechised her f " " My cross-examination was very skilful, for I led up to it gently. I said I didn't know sho was all alone ; to which die replied, ' Didn't you : "—winch is a chilling sort of answer, end one at. which she was very great. I could not for tha life of me go on to say that I had bcv.-u told s ghost was sitting out the supper dattcis with ber. I made some general remaik, who b she received with a oolitw • Indeed •' dispMing no interest of any kind ; and then ber mother suddenly, canie in. Her mother is talkatKr, and au idiot, so I fled, leaving tbe secret behiud me. " I'm bound »j eav that Charlie Davidson added considerably to the story lhti r on in the evening when several glasses of chainpjgne intervened bet ivei-n himself end the fact*. He made out that Ferguwu's whole demeanour was corpstvlikc and supernatural, and sddeil a suggestion of a bullet-wound in bis forehexd, implying suicide. However, other people were inclined to be Ires impressed, ami hinted that Iho Secretary had been sampling the drinks before supper. Young Haliburton, when he -.v.<s next in London, tusile incjuiric nt Ferjusou's club whith<-r Charlie had posted the card for Ihe Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he h«d heard nothing of Fergusson for several months, and that h<? bad left no address to which his letters might he forwarded. Me showed Hali- Lurton about thirty letters for Ferguson, aud Haliburton eagerly scarchcd through them to tind Ch.iriit V invitation. But—this was a very strange feature in it—the invitation to the ball was not, among the letters. Wasn't that cunous ? " " It ifM, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere beiond his Club." " Shortly afier this remarkable apparition, Miss VVnterlield went- awny from I.ittleborough. 1 think sh<: went abroad to lt-arn some species of uiusiral in>lrunnnt in Germany. 1 bilirve music interests her faiutly, much more than lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in thn Club once said that if Ferguson were really dead lie considered Kitty Waterfield morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wiser man suggested that he should go aud tell her so.' Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excellent one, and it remained an excellent story, in bis estimation, until one day he hapened to see in the paper the marriage, telegraphed home rom Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an oflicer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that the name was not a very uncommon one, and that tue Littlcborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that theFerguson who appeared at tbe ball was the same Fergusun who was dead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who has just been married is another person of the same name. Others, however, hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterfield comes bock to her native town certain bold spirits have resolved to ca6t lots to Hccide who shall question her and find out the truth.—" Vanity Fair." 