THE PRICE OF A SLAVE. Bud and I sat on the high banhsof the ravine watching the gophers on the other side. W~ sas mad that morning, for Alvira had told on ns agein-she was always doing it I We lived on a farm. Aleira's our sijter, and at that time she went to the town school; I s'pose that's why she pot on so many airs. . I Alter we'd seared the gophers into their 'oles we sat still and thought awhile At last I said "Bud, what'll youl do pay her up P' Now Dud's kind of chicken-hearted; hle neve can think of anything very bad, much less do it; so, to give him time, I made a cheese of my skirt, and kept whirliog all the way along the bank to the cellar, where pr bleaches the celery, and back again withoot evertalling down once. When I got back Burdaoked- S" What'll you do, Jusins, to pay her up ?P" I like to sear? Bad, and make him look up to me; so I cresedl my eyes and showpd my teeth, like we do when we tell the Indian story to the new scholars that come to our school, and says, way down in my threat " I'll l aher for a slave !" S" Oh. Iusty," cried Bud, " how awful ! YWould you P' S.I weold," I answered ; and to show him bow uuooonroed I was I took a turn down the bank of the ravine on our tobhogonaslide. 1 We don't have a chance to elide muoh 'caost pa makes a terrible fuss about that cellar door, and we have to get Hlas Francis to pull it up every time before he gets home from town.' We keep on the good aside of Ila? Francle by telling him'dinner's eadly before we'call'thet other meno's' 'lie can go in l?rt I:: e lil?es Christie, our hired girl, and I s'poso theyll'get married some day, and then 'we won't have any more sliding, and I'll have to wash the dishes, too. It does seem as if everything goes wrong in this worldl ! After I'd slid down the ravine and walked up again, Bud said, kind of reproachfully " Joty, tiere ain't no such thing as a slave. They're all free." Of course I knew there wasn't any more black slaves, but I didn't think Bud did, so I was kind of at a loss what to answer, when all at once I thought of what mea said on time about Irown's, oversouth of eus " Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man I" Bo I says to Bud " There's slave's now, just the same's ever. Mr. Brown's wife is ono." Bud thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown would take Alvira. I have to laugh at Bud sometimes, he's so inno' cent. "Of ourse he wouldn't," I answered, 'iBut we could sell her to a man who hadn't a slave already-an awful mnenlooking man." Bud began to weaken at this, so. I went on "Of cursae we couldn't get anything for her; we'd probably have to give the man something to hoot, to get him to merry her; but I guess if you'd had to wear her old clothes, as I have, you'd be willing to do most anything to get rid of her. Look here," I went on, standing up and holding out my apron; "ito made ot tof her old skirt. Ilow'd you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Itud i" "Well, I'd want it made into pants first," answered Bud, kind of hesitating. "Yes," I said, " and every boy that saw you would say, ' There goes Bud Syhester with his sister's skirt on ' " " They wouldn't !" cried Bud, getting red in the face. " It'd Is sePwed into breeches!" "Thl'y'd know it just the same, and they'd ask you if you hall a heirloom on." This brought Bud over to miy way of think. lug, as I knew it would, for if there's anything in this world that makes him mad, it's to he made fun of. We couldn't think who we could get to marry Alvira. and we went over and eaton the cuteide greenhouse dopr, that slants, and talked it over. There was no one mean enough to suit us lIt Ed Ricketsle, the man that tends to pa's celery, They plant it out in the feld all summer, over rens of tiling; and we don't like Ed, 'cause one time when he put the. hose lit one end of a row to run the water acroS the field we changed the nozzle, when he wasn't ooking, into the most around the castle we'd built; then we forgot about it, and the most overflowed and flooded the field. now if it hid been lIan FPsancis he never would have told; but Ed did It was nicee and sunny on the greenhouse door, and we'd laken our time to it, and said all the mean things about Ed Itickels we could think of, when all at onet the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled oil El Itickete stuck his head out and said "Aw, now, you're just Joking, ain't you ?" Just wait till we pay him up I Then we went along the creek to hunt for nilg' r heads, andi while we was there we come acrnss a man walking along with his hands le hind him. I thought as soon as I saw him that he would make a good slave owner, and I just asked him if he was married. lie laughed, and wanted to know where we sprang from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all ; we was just hunting around; and he asked him what he was doing. lIo sobered up then and walked along with us, and said he was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relics. I asked him what Indian relics was, and he said they was heads and hatchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago; and did we know of any mounds around hreo P That set me thinking iI did know of qne, snd I winked to Bud to keep still; then I said to the pmrfreaor " What'll you give for an Indian mound P" lhe laughed, kind of surprised, and said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, and he asked " Mr. I'rofIssor, are you married P" "Why do you want to know that?" he replied, laughing. Then I whispered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided rwe'd better,tell the professor Ithe whole thing, and make him an ffler. to we told hint if he wasn't married, and would marry our sister Alvira and mike her a slne, we'd give him the Indian mound and call it squiare, Is lhughed tbhe most I ever seen anybody laugh, aniil aslied us ift we meant it. Then hie luquired all albout our family, adl Alvirs, sand II she was prletty aid overylthing. I 1 told him• yes, seo wa alnd the Indlian mound was a goodl onel, 'scause I'd got somes heads out of it I could lshlow him. 11• then asked Is right out where it was--s Ilf we were such fools as to tell Iluld says, "Oh, no, you doln'Lt" andl winked. Trlts malse the professur kiid of mad, and he walkedl arounid a bit with his hands In his pockets, then ha asked- . "Where canl I seare yolr sister P" Iludl told him we'dl fi that, ad he must swear holld never tell a woril of what w sahi to him, for we wnildn't snhow him thie Indian stiuntil, After he'll donue It we askheid him In go to thle hi gRlcenhouseo while e was eatlig sup. ltor tihat night, anild we'ld cole dtown ltd hild lIhIl wheriu ha eoild see AlvirL whein we brought her thre. I forint that that was the ilglit wheu Ilais l;riucll unrnkes th Ilyg renllllairs, un Iwe dI hiave all wful timne of It. We put the pirofesnor in a kinl of trbli iu the furclingh.lousn, After anyein got In It wees !relly hiril to get nut agslin i liri, too, It was very l luy. Th' Sliiki of tiurnniio toelirrn semns is all orry well when ynoul're lusle?dl to it, iut Wllren yunt eln'l--well, you juslt eran't sislndl It, that's all, Ail, luislulo, the plofessir didi'l kcow what wa i hurnlig I he thlught thi whIle hlulse wals on firm. Ilnover hie got out nf tlhat rril, I cini Imlue, bul Just as wen'd all got afrlaiea' arund the outer edge of one ot the furnace pile, end Alvira was going to tell the lr.t ghost story, like we olways do nights when they smoke the greenhouse, andi tir oke was so thick you could scarcely see the erib, all to onct some one dropped out of it, hollered " Fire I" and ran. If there was an inch In all them 10 green. housrs that the professor didn't run or fall over I'd like to know it. I think he upset every , single thing that wasn't nailed down before hi got out lans Francis was carrying the little sheet iron sntove they burn the stems in trcim one homseto another, and the professor badj to knock it endways, of course, just as pa fell into the furnace pit. Well, the "burglar" got away, so I heard em telling the neighbours. I'm sum Ire couldn't say, 'sense ]Iud and I sneaked off to bed about that lime. . WVo didn't see the professor again for some days, and then we found him one morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. lie didn't set at rest as if lie was glad to eed us, and even when Bud told him we hadn't a thing against him he just looked at us in sur prise end said *"Well, if you amre not the most impudent children!" I don't think that was very polite I After a while he came around, and asked us how our lovely sister was, and then we lined it up to .have him call upon ps some evening to consult him shout books. He coull come bome on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at home; and I'd fix it so that she'd come into the room. I heard ma calliag me then, and I had to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got thiege mixed, sod told the professor to come Saturday evening intlad. When Friday night came I got Alvira to tx up by telling her I was moat sure I heard pa invite one of the Bristan boys over. I knew she couldn't prove anything by pa, 'cause he forgets swlul had. The professor didn't come that night, and I couldn't imagine why,'cause Bud had gone home with Cousin Willie, and never told me. Saturday night we was all except pa tired out, and went to hid early. I never seen souch a person as pa is-he'll sit up till two in the morning and read Ilyron's poems. Our house is pretty big. but what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all the week in town, and when she came home Friday night she had to sleep on a sofa in a little receas in our parlour. Now our hiose ain't built like the houses in town; it 'don't have a front hall, so when you open the front door you step right into the parlour. After everybody was asleep in the house but pa, there was a knock at the front door. Pa's a dear, good man; and we just wouldn't take anything in the world for him, hilt he's the awfulest person to forget ! On this occasion he forgot all about Alvira. Ilo birought a lamp and set it on the parlour table, and then opened the door. Of cousne it was the professor-what other luck could you expect Pa insista I on his coming right in, and when he found out who he was they began to talk about books. Alvin noon woke up, and just had to lay there with the bright light shining in her face, slid those two men sitting quite near her. 'they couldn't see anything except her face and head, as the recess was partly curlained off, and the sofa almost entirely bidden. Butt her head was enough; it looked awlul. It's the style now to wear your " hair crimped; Alvir ,curls her short hair with a curling iron, hbut tle crimp. toing she loene on big hairpins, which stick out every way and made her head look real funny. By this time ms and I was up andl trying to save her; we could see her through the crack of the door, her cheoks like fire. She waee so angry with pa that I just espected to see her fly at him : and there pa sat, gently strokings his whirkers and smillng, the very personitlsa tion of goodeilll to man. Ma stood back in the aitting-room, where the professor couldn't see her, and madn frantic motions to catch his eye; and when at last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do ? In. stead of taking the hint and excusing himself he just stopped ahbruptly what he was saying, and turning upon ma a beaming smile assed her what she wanted. Of course ma had to go into the parlour then and tell pa to bring his company out into the sitting-room, There was a smilo around the professor's moustache all the rest of the eren. ing, and he looked at me once and winked. I'a liked him very much, and he set and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'eause I was a bright one. lIe came to our house lots of times after thai, and as soon an Alvira was throtigh school he married her; but my ! you neverreold make Alvira believe Bud and I resle that match; she thinks the professor fell in love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot ol crimping pins on her head I Atlira is the most dlulded creature ! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never could have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celory cellar, so all he had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig straight out in a certain place, and there was the heart of the mound. VWe found our beads right on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it was a mound till I thought ot it. The professor dug right In with a shovel and his hands. The idea of put ting your hands in such a mesa I You'd never catch me doing it I 