. . 'f v i j GUIS : MELBOURNE LETTER. " j ! , Monday, j It is not news to you to say that, Parlia ment House is:shut up. ; , Yefcis tins only in a temporary . and .. convenient , sense. \- Still the'ghosts of former struggles haunt it, still do members drop up to. the dining hall of what is really tlio- cheapest club.m Melbourne. Slowly do tliey. circumvolute the deserted halls asking of one another when recess .will end: and. praying: that it won't- The sensible ministers shave ,disj covored that their pressing duties to-their constituents compel, them to,, go, home. to interview them, the Premier, who wants a change most, remains , doggedly.iat his post It is a peculiarity of ,Mr. Turner's intelligence, that lie. does .not seem to be able to perceive, that. man. lias two . attri bates- the physical and intellectual -..For a long period of years the intellectual force may crush the plivsical. through its power upon nervous action into. obedience; but ultimately the physical will assuredly retaliate. Against the advice of his friends and his colleagues, Mr. turner persists m working himself into a condition which; will certainly create a serious illness. For stout men laggard in exercise cannot; beai. Ion" continued intellectual strain us the, lean kine do. And the Premier offYic-, toria might fairly be asked to rememhei. that he is not acting 111 Ilia individual capacity, but as a trustee foi the people. , I lie war drum is being aounded -n con rectum with the preparation foi thefoith coming Council elections, F rom w hat I gather from certain Councillors whom 1 have met 111 my walks abroad, there will probably bo some changes in the constitu tion of the Legislative council this year,, based upon retirements. But what Coun cillors strenuously point out is this— that their constitution is not one based on the I nominee principle, but. that, they aie es-| seiiti'illy an elective body. And their I argument is that the proper course fori members of the Assembly who disagree with them is not to use hard words and I shv metaphorical black-bats, but to put 1 up men to oppose them to determine the I issue so far as the Council constituencies I are concerned. As a matter of principle,: thee is a good deal in. this contention ;1 but of course, we all know that Assembly, I men could not raise funds enough to hglit a Council election. That, must be left to the wealthy. The duality of Parliament has its value. Some weeks back I montioncd to you the new picture by Mrs. Ernest Claring- bold had been exhibited 111 Elizabeth- 1 street The first was a specimen of the morning mist lifting oft the sea at \\\ ll- 1 li-amstown and disclosing the hulk of the I old Victoria, our first war and commissariat transport. L he second was a genre study j of a boat- house at Williamstown,- which sustained the artist's reputation. . 1 he third, now exhibited, is one presenting I Melbourne from the south bank, of the Yarra. at a point between the Prince's and the Queen's Bridges. I confess f feel the I pietorialist has boon less happy than be fore in this depiction. Speaking inex pertly it seems to me that the curious shadow of a city at night lias not been properlv caught. Were l a wealthy-man the pictures of the derelict Victoria and ihu interior of the boat-house would have | umnd a place on my walls. I cannot say i the same for the Melbourne view.- i i h-iginality of any kind necessarily creates criticism. People who have foi- years lived in a groove do not sufficiently understand that the times are changing and that they must change with them. Therctore there lias been some comment upon Lady Brassey s practice of making social visits on Sunday afternoon on her bike. But this has. not alleoted her lady-: shin's position as a leader of fashion. That remarkable costume, composed of a curious shade of violet, she wore at the proroga tion of Parliament is now the rage. (Juv bicyclists are likely to be encoun tered with a serious difficulty. . Most educated people know that the production of India-rubber is confined - to particular zones of temperature, and is even then only available 111 spots. 1 he enormous development of the domand for Imlia- aihbcr mainly caused by the increase of- the use oi it for bicycle tyres, has fairly. "tuek up'" the European importers, and substitutes will have to be found. Caout chouc tree is a slow yielder. It grows only in a few zones, and it really appears n, me as a proximate fact that the use of rid, bur tyres will have to be circum scribed to such an extent that substitutes will have -to be found for them. The recent troubles : in the Transvaal have had some rather peculiar develop- | incuts. What those are with regard to i Dr. Jameson and his immediate followers w e have been made fully acquainted with. In fact they are now on their trial m London. But there are others who are now feeling the effects of their connection with that cmeute. Even the newspaper people were included m the' liegira that commenced immediately after the break down of Jameson's filibustering raid. One of these received warning that it would be as well, perhaps, if he took say a six months' trip for the benefit of lus health. His proprietor,- bye the bye, one of the wealthiest men -in South Africa, had the same regard for lus editor's and sub-editor s welfare, and at ' once de- 1 spatched them on missions, one ' to Australia to enquire, say, into the 'work ing of our sewerage and tramway systems, and the other, well, perhaps into central I Africa to discover another Livingstone. 1 had the pleasure of dining: a night or so since with the gentleman who came to | Australia, and lus opinion is that the i troubles m the' Transvaal are not nearly settled. Also, that - if the trial of the raiders is carried out in its integrity— which most people seem to doubt— some startling revelations may be expected. In a few days Mr. Henry Gore will be on lus way to England whither he- pro ceeds to endeavor to divert-some of those thousands of -pounds of British capital that are said to be lying -idle - and' eagerly awaiting employment mto legitimate Vic torian, mining channels. Oil- behalf- of the i voca Proprietary, formed to acquire properties round Avoca,-Stawell, Ararat, &c.;, lie will negotiate the sale of- the Great A voca Co., . or,- ; to < speak more correctly, so much of it as will return the capital required to develop the property Mr- Gore also tells ; me that lie. has als< in hand the - Great Berry, the- Berr Consols and the Great -Prentice flotations That these properties are in good-hands must be admitted , by all who remember the mining experience' Mr.- Gove has had. I suppose there are few, if any; men who know more - about Victorian- — aye,., Aus.- trahan— goldfields than he does. < He lias served the colony -.m. -various capacities, | startiug from that of : legislator, and lias i always been noted.- for his . shrewdness.aiid business capacity. -. As; -lie goes, -home armed with full and reliable: statistics; particularly of the Great Avoca venture,- and as our growing; -.returns ymustobe attracting attention, Lventui-e/tojpredict that Mr. Gore's mission will be:SUOcessful, wily as the British investor is reported, to be growing. . - . After much toil aud-troublethe licensed victuallers have succeeded -m. onoo more weldmg themselves" into the .association. For a long, while back they(liad b.een.split into two factions or camps,;. -there .were two associations with two secretaries. ; two journals. with two rival editors,-; each- 1 girding. away at one another and ,each ,at I I times calling the. other some.very.unpleas:,! ant names. . !.'A1T this'- while. -it htickled I; the cars of the groundlings," caused, much) I I grievance, amongst the judicious .portion 1 I of " the trade." It- grew to' such a pitch :| I at last, and the licensed victualling; inter- 1 I est was suffermg so much; .that a .deter/, I mined effort was made to 'b'rmg about , a I better scato of affair, s.. That effort resulted I I in the. sweeping aside of tlie< conflicting- I interests and editors', and the . formation, - I as I have said, of an association, with Mr. I W. Meader— a veteran .in such matters— I as president, Mr., P. J. Reynolds another I influential .member, ofr the trade as vice- I president, , and 'a strong committee. A I brisk canvass of, tlie, wine and spirit. :mor- I chants and 'other ' concomitants of the I licensed victualluig business is' being I made on ijelialf of the new association I -md with most gratifying results. Nego- I tiationg have also been entered upon to ,liave it. capably: represented journalistic ally, so. that the omens would, seem to point to.a.return of-that vigorous manage ment which characterised the affairs of the licensed victuallers m the palmy days of the presidency of Mr. G. D. i.arter. . . A party of genrlemen paid an invitation visit the-.other day to a large lager beer manufactory. .. Everything : about the premises ivas found to be of the very best and- latest. : 1 he. machinery, was a perfect picture, to look at, while all the other arrangements . -Avere i in-. excellent.. order. Among the., company , were. three., iwell known Labor members, and it was. noticed that they-.. failed , to'.jom heartily .in the congratulations showered on the managing directors. . )h,-.yes, it's all;, very. well," said , one. of them in answer to a question; "but lias it struck you that the machinery is all- made in iGermauy./and.imported here, that no Colonial hops are, used, none but . the ' best Bohemian being allowed, on its premises,- that, the ? chief - brewer,. is ;a German, as indeed are.. the majority pf the, men employed— .at all ; events, inre- sponsiblo. positions or. iu .which .the. best wages are paid. I'm just wondering, if- I can honestly .support tins as an . Australian enterprise." ....Of. course-it uiatterodnoth/ mg to linn. tliat. the inacluuery..iim:htn.ot possibly be procurable m the colonies, and that those who- had put large capital- into the concern, - felt themselves called on . to engage skilled workmen. from a. countrym which the manufacture of . beeq has- been raised, to , a high art;- What/.hetfelt. was required of him, was that he must: be con 4 sis tent iu lus advocacy of the. employment- of local men . and materials,; skilled or un-: skilled, suitable. or uusuitablc. -r.. 