DAY BY DAY" Concerning that vote of censure, tho attitude of Mr. Reid is eminently sugges tive of the conduct of tho boy who whistles when going through a pravoyard — to keep his courage up, The boy is not frightened, onlv he finds it necossarv to whistle. Mr. . Reid pretends to be sublimoly fearless. Ho gives out that ho views tho whole affair'as a' fiasco on tho part of the Opposition ; ho will not address the electors from the bal cony of an hotel — the occasion is not worth it. " Who fears ghosts ? Mr. Reid does not believe 'in ghosts. Ghosts — ho, ha, ha! But — wh-a-at — was — th-a-a-t ? Pooh 1 Only a gravestone ! And hd whistles again — only a political gravestone 1 ' In. view of the gun and pistol "acci dents'' whioh aro continually ocourring, a few simple hints concerning the propor management of firearms will probably bo welcomed by that section of the publio that likes to shoot itself or friends 1. When ever you see'a gun or pistol lying about, and are ignorant whether it is loadod, do not seok to ascertain by opening the breech; block, examining the cylinders, or sounding (if a muzzlo-loader) with the ramrod. Thoso methods arc antiquated, and involve . loss of time. Simply point the' gun at your little sister or your wife or your mother ; ' he careful to. take an exact aim — then pull tlio trigger. -If tho gun goes off and shoots someone it was loaded. 2. When one barrel of a- double-barrelled muzzloloader goes off and the other hangs fire, rest tho butt' on thb ground, attach a string to tho triggor, which string .you Bhould fasten! to your loft' big toe. Then gaze steadily down the barrel and pull tho trigger.. If there is a loud report, and tho top half of your head goes ballooning, the barrel was probably loaded. 8. When you want, to extract the loaded cartridge of a breechloader, and it- jambs, place the muzzle of the gun against your stomach, and tap the heel of tho cartridge smartly with a hammer. This method is unfailing. 4\. Always full-cock youri1 gun when get ting over barbed-wire fences or in thick, scrub, and place your hand over the muzzlo. This will prevent dirt getting into the gun. 5. /An excellent way of discovering wliothor a revolver-, is loaded is to aim through a post-offloo window. If loaded you may happen to kill the post master. But no'jury will convict you. Muzafer-ed-Din; tlie' braud-hew Shah of Persia, has proclaimed that merit and merit alone will- qualify' for a' Govorninont billot in Persia, Good inan, Muzafer I He has probably heard of , the.: system whioh obtains in some other oountries, and is copying it, Many persons.; in Australia who hold , Government billots (tre dis tinguished by merit — if only by tlie merit of being a politician's aunt or first cousin. Also Shah Muzafer notifies that he wilh refuse ail pecuniary presents from' his subjects. Considering that., the gentleman is in a position - to' take ail he wants from his subjeots without waiting for them to offer it, tho solf-saorifioe in volved in this latter notification, is mot perhaps quite so gaudy as at the first blush it appears. Sweet and decorous aa it undoubtedly is to die for one's country, it may bo .doubted whether the ; sweetest and- most deoorous method is to be run'qver by aji infuriated . cyclist who iB trying to mako a . record, Bay, for Castlereagh-street. This , sad " fata noarly betel . the writer ;md ; several hundred other inoffensive and ygluable ; Citizens the other day, . and the .fate of being smashed by a oyolieb is one which now daily .threatens the peo- plo of Sydney and suburbs. Under these eiroumstaucos it would bo wise if an authoritative decision were given as to tlie exact position of tlio cycle in tlie marvel lous economy of hature, - Also whether the foot-passenger h'as' any right to cross the roadway, and, if so, what -right; also whether a footman has any rights in tho streets at all. The Victorians are a longer-sigh ted people than; their proohvity for land booms and bogus banks might lead anyone to supposo. Thoy forsoe tho advent in the near future of . the Now 'Woman who will devote , her elegant , leisure ' 'to ; politios, liorsoracing and. football, but not to sewing buttons on. Consequently the- eduaation authorities are having the younger lads iu the Stato schools1 taught to sew— or not precisely to sew, but to pub on a thimble and thread a noodle. And jn order that the ingenuous boys, .may kill two birds with one stono they are being taught tho recondite manoeuvres mentioned in drill time. The teacher is a lady. Her methods are as follow :— At . the ivord One" eaoh small boy brings his hand to his head with a Blap. " Two,"., oaoli pupil is supposed to pick ui> tlio thimble botwoen tho thumb and index fingor of tho loft hand, and, as a natural soquenco, drops the tiiimbje on the floor and takes five minutes to find it. "Three," tlio right hands are. hold to tho level of ..tlio . olmir. " Four," tlio thiiiiblo is grasped in the right hand. "Five," the thimble-finger is in serted in tho thimble— unless tlie thimbjo happens, as it usually does happen, to have fallen on the floor again. Tho . youngsters learn to thread a needle in similar fashion, and to turn down a lieui,. There, however, tho instruction ends. ' Indignant parents (mnlo) are protesting against the thing in tho papers, But it' young. Vietu'ija over learns- which is doubtful—to sewii l>'ucto(i on, old Victoria will grow green with onvy. ' 1 ' ! ;,. . A doputation with a cold white noso and limpid eye recently waited' ill iii-tho Ch'ief Seorotary of. Viotofia, and demanded tho total abolition of barmaids, TheChiof Secre tary recoived the doputation with a sanoti<- fied snuffio, and sent it away shining with tho assuranco that he ivould'perBonally en quire into tho matter " in the same prac tical manner he adopted with regard to the sweating evil," In ' other- words, the Chief - Secretary, disguised in a youth.- ful blonde wig with pomatum ou it, will make tlio rounds of tho Melbourne bar-rooms and scan the Melbourne barmaid on hor native honthf Tho Argus, suffering from a mild facetiouBness, romaks : — " It is presumed that ho will travel incognito, like tho good Haraun-al-Rasohidi in which caso it would he well for him to resist tho tempta tion to listen to tlio 'latest story.' His laughter would betray him anywhere." By whioh it seems possible that the Chief Secretary is ailliotou with a horse laugh, He will have a high old time before ho is through with liiB resoarohos. and'nrobablif a high complexion, ZED,. 