Tiiiieatened men proverbially livo long, and tbo sick man at Constanti nople has been no exception to tho rule,. Ho has boon in extremes ovor sinoo'it was found necessary to buttress bis tbrono with European bayonets in 1858 ; yet be has survived to plague tbo world with bis postilent preaenooi and to moke bis continued existence a menaoe to humanity. But while, in reliance upon tbe adage, tlio threatened '1IUJ IUUU IULWUIU bU IlllitWUlilg U reasonable ioogevity, be badly blunders when bo speculates upon immortality When life is bold oil su&raueo; it is tbe first condition of its continu ance that the sufifranoe eball not be wituuruwn; yet-BO Diina is lue inronea misoreant, Abdul Hemid, to this fact that bis most strenuous efforts bave been directed to bringiug about tho contrary result, " Whom ; tbe gods foredoom to destruoLion they first de- privo of reason," and of these fore- doomed ones tbo sceptred murderer may be regarded ae a type and repre sentative. He has ployed bo long with tho patience of Europo that be appa- iuuwiy uuueiuum k may do oiurageu with impunity, but tbe recent etrooi- tios in Constantinople, oommitted under his eyes, and, if not by his direot command, thou' with his assured con currence, are foroing the .Powers to action against him. ThiB is to be seen in the strength of the feeling aroused in England, und in tho demand voioed not only in Great Britain, but in Italy, far the deposition of tbo human hyena, ,whom it ie most olinri- tablo to regard ae insane. . While tbe massaores raged in remote Asia Minor, and were obiefly eonfined to the Lake Van diatriot, tbe confiioting intelli gence filtering through unreliable channels left some doubt as to' their actual enormity. That they were horrible in obaraotor and eerious in magnitude was placed buyond doubt, but it might have beon that at so great a distanoe from tho soat of Empire the power of the Sultan was not equal to restraining the: ferooity "of his savage and brutul Kurdish subjects. More over, reforms have been promisod, and, though experience had proved how little reliance could bo placed upon these assurauoos, : tho ' difficulty of obtaining a European co'noert made acoeptanoo (unavoidable. But, as if to withdraw . tho .last; exause of tho Ohristiau Powers ' for non- intorferenco, . this last and worst slaughter of defenoeless meu and help- loss women and ahildrcn took place under tho vory gazi. .of their liorror- strioken representatives,. Further, the whole ciroumstauoee of the affair Btrougly support tho statement that it Was arranged from the Yilcliz Kiosk as a ooooerted plot to provide an exouso for falling upon nud slaughtering the Armenian Christians. It is not credible that tho Armenians, who allowed themsolves to be butohered in unresist ing thousands, drgabisBd. tbe attack on the Ottoman Bank ana tlio advance ou tho Palace simply, as stated, to com pel tbe intervention, of the Powers on their behalf. If ibey bad do so tlioy would have beon armed and won id bave died, fighting. , Nor would tlioy no: only bavo refrained from plunder ing tbo bunk with its vast aooumula tion of spade,- but oven have helped the officials to secure tbo coin. Again in suob aase the term3 ot surrender would never bave been aeoepted, or, if accepted, would nevor bavo been ob served, and most oertainly tbe oaptors o I the bauk would not have' been plaoed on board the directors' own. yaobt and conveyed beyond tbo reaob \- of retribution. The whole, iboidc-noe' is that of a plot iu which: tho Saltan/ tlio military, and tlie polieo were idi - p!it',.tt:d to butclnr . the Armeiiiji'ns without giviug them a cbanco - of ru- sistauoe,.and the three days' saturnalia ol slaughter, in whioh. 10,000 ..victim's poriBhed should sot its seul of blood upon the politioal death warrant of thu assassin Bultan. . The refusal of lbs European 'corps diplomatiqus to illu- , minate the Embassies in honor, of the murderer's birthday followed aa a natural inoidont oxpressive of the horror in which his aotion was held ; but it would be horribly grotesque if this were all the notice to be taken of so sanguinary an svent. It should bo but tho beginning of tlio end in tho deposition of tho ghculioli monster, and tho dismemberment of his blood stained Empire. A Mahometan Em pire in tbo midst of Christian States, oppressing and slaughtering its Christ ian subjects at will, in flat violation of all treaties, and in dospito of all European remonstranoa, is a shame- iui ana seanaaiou3 anomaly wuioh Bhould no longer be. tolerated. It haB been possible only beoauso of European jealousies, arid tlioso must now be oomposed to permit of blotting out a disgraoe to all oonaerned. Tbe Turkish Emoiro is ilia outeomo of violpnAA anil bloodshed, anil only by violence and blobdshed has it been preserved from internal dissolution. That this rigor of Government ib not neoessary to ensure tbo dwelling together iu penoe nt man nrn fn camn iliffAMMf _ JZAWIUOOIUJJ uiUVlUIK.IUIIglUlltlja apparent in British India, where of the 800,000,000 of Her Majesty's subjects 00,000,000 ura Mahometans. Yet they live iu. amity with Hindoos, Buddists, Parases, and others, and en joy tho eamo security for life and pro- perty under tho equal protection ot the British flag! This tlie Christian can never hepo to obtain under the Orescent flag, which gavo its sanotion wu mu leuaut iinsaioro oi mo Arme nians in Constantinople And with respect to tho assassinan-cbiof, Ab dul Hirnid, the only sentiment to be entertained is that which inspired Swinburne's torrible denunciation of Ozir Alexander when he wrote :-L O I God' or man,, bo swift j> hope sickona '»\\-A by dolny j «v"; « , . V Smite I Ana sond him howling down his father's way. " Tlio following .is tho weather forecast for to-day : — Rain and squiills »|ipro»oh- ing. DiHturbiinco, numcd "Gullin," 900 miles N.N. W. fiftm ilolMirt. Owing to the s.s. Runhinu being do- tiuncd on her voyngo from London to tho Ciipo, jind not leaving the hitter port until Sunday week, it is not expected that she will rencli Hobart Ijefore to morrow week. Mr John Henry, M.H.A., nnd Miss Henry, who are pnssengora by tho Rimhiuo, ' will probably remain at Hoburt for u dnyor two before coming on to Devonport. . . ! The following are tho returns at tho local Customs ofiico for tho -wuek .ending Saturday :-DutioR : Spirits, £3 3s 0d ; tolmcco, £30 15s ; other goods! £185 13s Id ; total, £205 lis lOd. Bond charges : Routs, 1h; receiving charges, is 8d ' Rumples and re-packs, la ; total, 3s 8d. Marino Boaitl charges : Wharfage, £5 6s 5d ; ight dues, £1 13s (kl ; harbor duos £9 7s 8d ; miscoUaneous, £3 , 17s 2d total, £20 4s Del. Grand total, £226 0s 3d. Although nominations for tho vacancy on tho Dovoiipert Town Board caused by" tho resignation Of Mr T. Ockorby close at 4 o'clock to-morrow aftornoon, very little intorest is being taken by ratopayovs in tho matter. The only candidate who has definitely decided to contest the soat is Mr Ockorby, but wo believe had ho, or Bomoono olso, not come forward, an ox- member would lmvo sought to return to the board table. ' Extreme measures aro being taken by the collector for tho Devonport -Town Boaitl for tho recovery of rates wlieroi judgment has been obtained, ,nnd , yestor-, day a batch of distress , warrants . woroV in course of preparation; It s. understood that instructions to tho bailiff, in whose hands tho warrants are to bo placed for execution, are that goods and clmttols'to the valuo of the amount distrained aro to be immediately roinoved. ' A speciftl inooting of the Mersey Fruit Board was hold nt the Royid Hotel, Lii- trobo, yestorday . nfternoon, for'thd pur pose of electing a chairman. Present : Messra G. D. Inglis (acting chairman), H. Phillips, H, Dunbar, A. Boiit)vright, and J. T.; Brainioh. On/the , motion otMr Phillips, socondod by Mr Boatwright, Mr Dunbar was olected olmirmsn for the onsuing year. ' , . . / y Tho many friends, of , Constable Noms .will regret to learn tliat he is laid up with jan attack of rlieumntic fever., ' Mr.N6rris! illness is not of a" serious nature!' arid his modical .advisor 'expects that ho will, bo ablo to - get about again in a few days. The Hoburt ovoning jiapor states that before the Full Cciurt oii 'Friday Mr G. W. Watorhouso mado . tli'e stateihoht' that tho propriotora of the Launceston "Daily Telegraph" had- been served- with n writ on bohulf of Nlirs Strachnn, claiming , £3000 damages for- alleged libellous statements made in n. sories of articles written by n porson under the noni do plumo of the " Vet," V- At tho East Dovonporb Police Court on Saturday, before W. Aikonboad nud J. Murray, Esqs, Js.P., Olomont Mulligan wasohargod with stonling potatoes, valued at 2s, tho property of W. Braid. -Tho accused pleaded guilty. Suporintondpnt Driscoll stated that on tho previous day Mr J. Hnlloy,'who rocoivod produce from fnrmors for shipment, "shot" soiuo potatoes bolongiug to Mr Braid; Ho had occasion to loavo the heap, and on his return saw tlio accused close by, nnd found that a portion of n bng was missing. Ilalloy reported tho innttor to tlio )H»licu, and nvsoaroh, was instituted, with tho re sult that n small bag of potatoes was found soorotod nt tho-bnek of tlio wharf Mulligan was interviewed by Constablo Niolson, and ho admitted tho theft. ' A lot of pilforing hnd been going on'recontly on the .wlinrf nt West Dovouport, and, nltnough no was not going to say that tho aceusod was responsible for . tho wholo of it, it was nocossary to put a chock on it. There wore no previous . convictions against the accused, who was n resident of Wosb Devonport. In nnswor to tho Bench, the accused said that ho took tho potatoes from where thoy wore "shot" on tho whnrf. After a short consultation, .tlio Bench said that', as tho acousccl hnd pleaded guilty, nnd there boing' no pre vious convictions, tlioy wore disposed to donl luiiionbly with him, but, as there had been so many complaints latoly of rob- borios from tho wharf, thoy would inflict such punishment as would fporhaps bo a dotorront to otliors. Tho accused' was sentenced to ono week's imprisonment, with hard labor. Thosontonco rocordod abovo doos not Hoom to havo hnd a dotorront effect on tho wharf thiovosat Dovonporb, as Mossrs T. Edginton & Co. have reported to the polico that botweon 1 p.m. on Saturday and 0 a.m. on Monday a bag of potatoes was stolon from one of their stacks on tho jvluirf.. Suspicion attaches, wo are told, to 'sovoral. Unless tho whnrf laborers at Devonport desire to bo stigmatised as n gang ,'of tluovos thoy will do well to prevont a vopotition of tlioso offences by reporting to the proper quarter nnyono whom thoy soo stealing. , , .. Mi F. Buslihy, tho successful tenderer for the erection of! police buildings at Devonport, was yesterday engaged in marking out the site, mid we understand a start is to bo immediately mado with the erection of tho prmisos. The site,, which is in Rooko street, aliout midway botween Best and Oldakor streets, has an area of aliout half-nn-acro, arid the -wholo of this is to be grubbed, cleared, "and fenced. Tho main building is to bo built of brick, and will compriso iive robins! as follow — Office, 16ft x 13ft Gin ; two bedrooms, ' each 12ft x 12ffc Gin ; diningroom, 18ffc »in x 15ft Oluj kitchen, . 12ft x 6ft. A verandah will run tlio length of tlio liuild- iug at tho front and tho rear. About 30ft from tho. back- of tho promisus, two wooden colls are to bo erected, each 5ft. x, 9ft Gin, and will bo unclosed! in a yard. Tlio contrnot time for thu erection of tho buildings has nob trnuspired. . A meeting of tho directors of the United Australasian Axemen's Company, Limited, was held at Lucas' Hotel, La- trobo, on Friday night. Eight directors were present, and Mr .Inglis 'presided!- — Five tenders were opened, for/forming and filling on the . Latrobo r bicyelu track! ranging from £34 to -£53 10s, and that of AV. Hnrkness, at tho former sum, was accopted, subject to his iigreuing to, finish thu work witlun four w.eoks,,— -Mr,H; A. Nichols wrote, asking the association to register with the United ' Australasian Axemen's Association, but it' was decided not to do ho.— Tho Scoretary reported that good progress had boon made with business in connection with the sports. He had also rocoived letters from 'a num ber of nxeiuon in Victoria,., .including 'Mclnalty, stating their inteution >of com- peting. — Accounts nmonnting to £18 wore passed for jwiymunt. The secretary of tho Axemen's Com pany, Limited, informs us that ho lias received a letter from A. Bryan, of Vic toria, an ex-champion, intimating his in tention of compoting in tho Champion, Underlmnd, nnd Handicap at the fortli- comiug sports at Latrobo. Ho ' states that hp is in good form, atul expects to give a good account of himself.: The Delornino axeman, W. H. Chullis, arrived; during tho weok, and litis gone . to train with T. Ruoves, at Barririgton.' "Tho War Cry" of Saturday is largely taken up with tho rocoption of "Com mandant" .Booth in Melbourne. "We havo also received a copy of , tlio curont number of " Full SulviVtion;" 'which gives np , j interesting » nccounb , of f the trading operations of tho Salvatnon Army.': i; . y ; - Our Harford correspondent writes : — ghost has beon suon sovonvl times lately about, tins district,, bub the last time :ho was seen a blank carta-idgo. was fired nt his ghostship at short xango, which np- , pears to havo pnt n stop to his wander ings, for ho has not been soon since. ' 'i- " \- "ipvomont;. in <>n fimt at Latnobo (writes our correspondent) to reorganise the rifle corps. Mr C. Belcher, an officer of considerable experience," has taken tho matter in hand, anil has written to the Cpnimnndnnb nnd . received n favorable roply. Ho has already n Lirge number of names to submit. ' ; A pony, with pbieton" iittachbd! bolted from Buride on;Friday night, and did not pull up until after crossing the Blytho Bridge, where ib was stopped by a carter arid taken back 'to Burnie, neither horse nor vohiclo sustaining any dnmngo. : Mr Wnddol; who has been appointed manager of the Latrobo bonemill, arrived by the s.s. Bollinger on Saturday night. Yestorday morning ho inspected tho site and took measurements, iu ortlor to for- wardall machinery from Melbourne ready for immodinto erection. ,¥rvG Atkinson will hold hisi nionthly stool: salo.ut Shbmoid opTuoBdriy, and on the following day- hb ' will hol il his'fort- nightly salo at Ills Lotrobo yardd. ' Thoro have boon sovoral enquiries lately for property at Doyonport, and donls at modorato figures are probable. Mr H. A." Pratt reports haying Bold mi allotment of- thrbo-qriartore of ; an- acre, adjoining Mr W. Aikonlioad'fl, for '.£75, the piir cliasor, who is a rosidonb of Launceston, intondtng to build a private residence. A bid of £1200 for an aero allotment oppo site the railway station 'lias bb'on'rofusod. Thu Dovonporb Bnnd made its ro-ap- poomiico in public on Saturday " evening, when tho mumbors assembled at tho lower end of Stewart stroot, and, after marching round tho square, : took up a position at ;tho cornor of Rooko nnd Stewart streets. Among the pioccs played wore "Wailiora," "Horsham," "Precision," "Annadalo," and "Molina." Tho iiiHtrmnqiitntion of the band, which was undor tlio leadership of Mr Ilenke), was much onjoyed. Our North Motton correspondent writes : — A vory onjoynblo ovoning wns spent in tho Primitive Mothodist Church oh Friday ovoning, whon an ontortnin- mont of a varied chrtractor was given. Mr Widdowson, a visitor from Goorgo Town, gave Homo good lantern viows, consisting of sonio of tho principal build ings in England and sotno pretty pictures from Simnis' " Lifoboat!" and local views. Rooitations wore glvon by Misses Cole man, .Tupp, E. Bnrratt, and Ethol Bar rett nnd Mr O. Coleman. Mr F. Tongs gnvo two songs in n plonsing manner, and a dialoguo by bix little children'took well. The . choir, with tbo organist, Miss Brothers, assisted to make tho entertain ment of a pletuuiiit character. "Observer" writes from West Pino Since my Inst visit to tiiis district, somo farmors have mado vast stridos in oloaring their holdings uiul getting in crops. Among those worthy of mention are Messrs ICaine, Groom, Aitkin, and Prico', and, favored with a good Reason and fair prices, thuy will have no cause for oom- pluint, as their crops look splendid; in fact, tho d)'esfcAI hnvoBcbri this season. Potato planting is thu order of tho day, and I boltovo from whnt I havo seen that the area under this crop will: exceed, that of last year. . No doubt tho big prices during tho season now closing havo had a good deal to do with this. I notice tho Public Works Dopartmont lmvo £160 on tho estimates for this road, and- when it is laid: out it will 1h> a boon to tho back settlors, as in tho winter whore thoro is no inotal the :roud is , nlmosbv' impassable, thus heavily handicapping people who 'arc trying to make homes for themselves . in tho forest. Thu cry of the farmers is that thoy will bo rill rjght.whon they got tho railway, bufc I fancy that . will ho a thing of tho far future. It is a great pity tho Govorhmont do nob do something to the road from the Blyblie bridge through Stmvport, ns going that way to Burnie from tho top end of West, .Pino, the (lis- tance is fivo miles shorter ' than the pre sent road,, nud Burnie is tho host 'market for.this part, as farmora cau. always get ,5s or 6s ri.tou more for pptotouH. than at' the Penguin, as thoro, is no lightering. . The fate of thu crops ovor a large area of Victoria and Rivurina still hangs iu tho balance (says (>The?Au8tr»lasiaii, " of Sat urday). Tho light rains that havo fallen have been just sufficient to keep thu crops from going back, but should' the, summer sot in hot and dry the result would he vory serious. In some parts of Victoria thu drought continues, tho crops are lost, there is vory little grass, arid' 'the tanks are almost empty. What is .wanted ovor 'a largo area in the north and > north west in a fall of from ' 3in to 4in of rain during thu prckbnt month. In some extensive areas of Now South Wales ' -tlio /.winter has been almost rainless, und -tli0'outlook.;for the stockowncrs is a vory gloomy ono. .There was a fair full of nvui early in tho winter, in Queensland, but tho extreme cold of tho season lias provonted; any ,'growth'of. grass or herbs- In many places the frost' lasted all day, n thing novur before known. A Rivurina l-OHideut whom: I 'met 'this! weok tolls a pathetic story of "the Irn'r- barisuiHof hordurism " (sayH " Woombra," n " The Australasian "). .Ho inet a,nian last autumn who had boon bailed, up .on thu Murray bridge' with three' pounds of j gnqies iu a pockot-.Uundkurchiof. Athletic. Oustoms officer Triokebt, orico a champioii oarsman, who still keeps up his muscle by using n crosscut saw with right und loft hand alternately, for bado him to bring his Muscatels into New Bouth Walcf. and hi friend passing by i suggested : .that -ho should sit down on the bridge und ent the' grapes, thus getting them; over so to speak, in bond. The advice wak accopteW, and next day Dr Eakitis was hurriedly' summoned to attend.u man suffering from colic. The 'patient -recovered, and over sinco has been wondering whether. ho has a remedy at law against the Now South' Wales Government. A man who is coin-, polled by law to make himself a patent package; for unripe fruit in tho - noble effort to "do " tlio Hub-collector is a good friend to Federation, and deserving of some compensation. . . , " ; Our readers in the Kentish district are reminded of the annual military, concert, which iH to ho held to-morrow ovuning. Tlio programme is us varied as any which have preceded it, and the concort. will no doubt bo equally successful, which is say-; ing a good deal. Some riflo shooting will . tako . place on the Sheffield range during the duy, particulara of which will bo found in our advertising columns. ;.':Tho bazaar lirid' sale; of gifts': to : wliicli which wo havo previously mado reference as being in course of arrangement by' Nome young Indies at East Dovouport, in liicl of tho Devon Cottugo Hospital, js to bo' held in tho Devon 'Iristitute!" East Dovoniwrt, to-morrow weolc. The object iti certainly a good one, and . tho efforts of those who have arranged tlliu benefit for it should Ijo libornlly soconclod; ' To-morrow ovoning, at Hie Congrega tional Churoh, West Dovonjiorfc, tho Rov A. A. Munns will deliver, a leeture on V Soils and, swindles." '.Songs, choruses, nnd recitations will bo given during the KMr T. Collett hold his incAithly a took salo at Ulvontoao on Tuesday; i 