^ General News. . — ^ ? -— ... A (JulJi Coinoidence.-^-Two bodies were by oliancd placed oido by side in tha' morguo a fow mornings ago, after hav-- ? ing been dincovotcd1 in differont parts of ' tho river. When their clothes woro ex-' amined there wore' cound in tho pockotfv of ono— a middle-agad man of 55 or GW — pap.ors identifying him as ' R. Hourv.' In tho pockets of tfca other — a girl of 20 —wore found tiaDoirs iflonf.ifvinr» Ui. (,o 'M. Hour..' It is not known whether: these companions in woo aro related. Illegally Branding Sheep. — William . Kilo, a selector at Wuiidawaddora. was chaigad at the Albury police court last wook under tho DicGasoa in Shcop Act, with illGgally branding sheep. The Act ? cots forth, that the eara of shcop must not bo cut other thanpufiotured'on either oido, aud ovidonco was submitted that tho defendant had cut half the eara off of 125 oloip, and in como cunaa nearl/ the whole of tho ear had been covered. ' The defendant pleaded that he had acted in ignorance. The inspector o£ otock pressed for- a severe penalty, and tho- ' Bench hold that the offence was a- '» ' coriouo one, and fined the defendant £5, with £4 10a C03t3. A Horrible Discovery. — The polico * have made a horrible discovery at Pomc roy, 20 mili-s from Crookrrell. From' something they heard thoy went to the residence of a family named Connop, aniS there discovered that o girl of 16 had given birth to a child. On the girl's own admission she went into the bush some distance from hor home and gavo birth ' to the child. She left it there, and re turned nest morning to burn it. She found that it was gono. She bnlioved, she said, that it had bc-sn eaten by their1 dogs. No traco of tho body can ba found. The family ore in deatituts circuraatanceor and are half-starved and half-clad. The girl hag beon remanded on a chorgo of - concealment of birth. Condemned to be Eaten. — By tho last - English mail we learn that the Royal Mail ntoamer Akaasa arrived at Liverpool on tho 6th May from West ? Africa. Among her pasesngerc waa tlie Rev. N. Auchtonreith. of tho Basol Misaion, who,'.* in exploring -the great CameroonrMoun-'^ '* , tainu, penetrated into country where no ' - . '/$0j& white man had previously been,' After ' '' )f^l he had proceeded for several hundred''' miles h,is .progress was stopped by tho - natives, by-whom, without his knowiog it, he was condemned to be killed aud eaten. The natives, however, considered he would not make good ' ju ju,' and he r was allowed to live. Mr. Auchtonreith ll reports that the country he explored was inhabited by cannibals. The climate- i« perfect, b6iag quite cold at night. At first whon; he appeared the women and children ran ehrieTnng away for fear of being bewitched by the white man ; bufc at last the natives consented to a mission being established in their country. ? A Successful Ghost Layer.— Ono of the breed of criminal lunatics who amuso themselves by terrifying women and timid persons in the role of a ghost was disported himself in Ballarat last winter when he came across a militiaman named Charles Horman, who promptly discharged a gun at him and is believed ', to have lodged a quantity of buckshot .' in the legs of the ghost. The latter got clear away, however, but Horman haa recently had another adventure. When walking near Soldiers' Hill, at near midnight, he wag confronted by an object g'ot up in the meat approved ghost fashion. Not having a gun handy he let fly with a heavy stick, striking1 the spook on the. head and. laying him in the gutter. His attention was then attracted by a oigh, and oa examination he found a woman just recovering from a swoon into which she had evidently been frightened by the g'aoot. Horman %i went to her auaistGncQ and in tho mean time tho ghostly impersonator made hie escape. Fruit-trees, Shrubs, Plants, &c;, also Grass Seeds, . Vegetable and Flower Seeds, all of the very best and most reli able quality, are offered by P. L. C. Shep herd and Son, 202, Pitt- street, Sydney, the oldest and most reliable firm in the colony. Send for a copy (free) of their unrivalled catalogue.— Advt. . An American print is responsible for '11 tho incredible statement that 'Madame jjf Melba's first ot)?uggle with a bicycle con* 1.! tinued for an hour and fifty minutes* Tho usual programme is an exhaustive ton ^ minutes and three dayB roat foif ' ' repairs, 