A MOSTLY MYSTERY. — ? » HE young ? ?? S squatter \ | who joined t i in the rush VI frcjm Van Die ^1 men's Land ™ and the south ern districts i of New South / Wales to the St I n e w 1 y - d is ^ L covered Aus A tralia Felix had surely a happy time of it if ever young fellows had in this bedevilled country. Most of them had come from England with plenty of money at their command, and had taken to bush life as heartily as they had taken to yachting and hunting in the lands of their fathers. They were wild \ with excitement at the prospect of finding themselves owners of thousands of acres of the finest pastoral lands yet seen in. Aus tralia— wide plains 'splendidly grassed and watered by beautiful rivers, with abun dance of game for sport, and magnificent scenery. When they reached Melbourne, by land or sea, they astonished the natives by their performances on horseback up and down its broad streets, leaping their fiery steeds over the stumps in Collins- street and the gullies (which served for gutters) in Elizaibeth-stree^ displaying their manly pro portions, as well as their horsemanship, in a costume all their own — cabbage-tree hats, blue serge shirts, leather belts for pistols as well as tobacco pouches, knee-breeches, boots, and spurs. Whiskers, beards, and moustaches completed the show; and a pretty good one it was, especially when a little Mack boy in livery was seen mounted on the horse's croup or some other 'strange device' caught the spectator's eye.. They flashed their money about in fine style at hotels, stores, and auction rooms, just' as if tliere was no end to it, never dreaming of the bad times that were so soon to overwhelm them, when the sheep for which they piad 3gs apiece were ruthlessly sold by a sheriff at eighteenpence a head. Among the young fellows who had crossed the strait to settle in Happy Australia were two brothers, Edward and Charles Curr, one about five and twenty and the other not ! more than sixteen— fresh from his English ,j home and college, and of more than average j health and strength. They enjoyed their life on the sheep station thoroughly, not withstanding its occasional hardships and | the solitude to which it condemned them; l for they were their own masters, and their I daily toil was, after all, an easy price to pay for happiness and independence. They had few visitors, and when they had none their evenings were passed in smoking and read ing in the station hut. On one of these occasions^ — a fine starry winter's night — they sat as usual before a blazing log fire, discussing the affairs of the station and other matters, until they noticed that the fire had burned low and the pipes were nearly out , There was nothing to drink but cold tea, and therefore nothing to keep them out of their beds. Being early risers, they did not sit up any later than they could help; and when Charles rose from bis seat with the remark that he would turn in, and wish ed his brother good night, Edward replied that he would follow him in a few minutes, as soon as he had finished his pipe. He went on smoking with his eyes fixed on the dying embers, and hJs thoughts on the friends he had left behind him. Instead of going straight to the bedroom, Charles went to the front door, which led out of the sit ting-room into the open plain, opened it, and walked out. Not long after the door had shut to behind him his brother heard him speaking angrily, as he thought, to a pair of kangaroo dogs, which were always lying about the place. He hod not sat long in this dreamy condition before he became con scious that Charles, instead of going to bed, had returned to his seat by the fire. ' 'I thought you were off to bed,' said Ed ward; but not hearing any reply he looked up at him. For a moment he was complete ly staggered. Instead of the smooth, sleepy, boyish face, unscared by any trace of emotion, he saw one so ghastly, so start led, so horror-stricken, that for the time he could hardly recognise his own brother. After gazing at him for a minute he asked — 'What is the matter with you, Charles? Are you ill?' He opened his lips to answer, but was unable to utter a word, and looking in a ter rified manner towards the front door, he pointed faintly to it with a trembling hand. Thinking that he was ill and might recover the sooner if left alone, Edward went to the door, and walked out to see if there was anything to account for the extraordinary change in his appearance and manner. A bright moonlight made everything about the place as visible as it was in the day time; but there was nothing to attract attention. The kangaroo dogs' were not there — that was ali. Across the paddock he could see the lamp burning in the shepherd's hut, where its lonely inmate was having Tiis last smoke before he, too, buried his troubles in sleep. The night air was keen, and he paced back-wards and forwards for a while, like a senfcry, wondering what had come over the youngster, . and repeating Shelley's verse as he looked up to the Pale Queen: Tell me, Moon, thou pale and gray Pilgrim of Heaven's homeless way, In what depth of night or day Seekest thou repose now? After a few minutes had passed in this way, he returned to his seat by the fire, which had burned itself pretty well out, and looked, anxiously at the boy's face. Though the marks of his reeenst disturb ance was still there, he had recovered his presence of mind, and began to explain. 'You. will remem'ber that a few minutes ago I wished you good night. As I passed by the front door, I thought I would see ?how the weather was, so I went outside and walked in the direction of the fallen tree. I was not many yards from the hut, and was looking up at the sky, when I sud denly noticed a strange man, wrapped in a white sheet, advancing to meet me. He was then about fifty. j-aces from me; bnt who it was I could not make out for the life of me. It was not the old shepherd, nor was it his wife, because he was of a dif ferent size, and I concluded that some one was having, a lark, and that it was. the smaller of the two men who are working ftmongst the sheep. . ? . 'Whoever it was I felt inclined to laugh at first at the, absurdity of his appearance, although I thought that he was', taking a ?bit of a libenty, with me, and intended to speak angrily to him when he came up. Being sure that he was aware I hod noticed him, I turned a little aside so as to be out of. his way, and agdin looked Up at the sky, taking it fo^gra&Sed;^S^t he would pass on without waiting ^iMioOTuiiier me. Instead of that he contmued.to adyance straaght to-, wards -me, aind- when: within a yard, „ of me he stood still. I then looked at.hitn.vand it . seemed; to ine vtha* ~ he was -looking at me through the sheet, which covered .'the ^ whole of his body /except the feet, - which; *w«re naked. .-?.- : ?? : ..' ???. .-??.? /.,' ...?'? ; . ;;- ?'''??? 'Feeling sure that . It was. the man I had in my mind'e eye, I began_to feel; jstiU moire annoyed Hi lifo pra^nmliig fn jprn^iaa hitfifuflf rwitii me1 ittigotti & tnatin&vtia;* I -gaM ^fifi&J; ~M ?You axe guite Tnteta.k-»ri, my mam, 'if- yoa~||§ think that' you can play tiiese tricfes,here;%i go back to your hut.' Perhaps yon heansS'^M me speatang, Edward?' , ^M 'I did; but I iihought yon trene speaklngy! to the doge.' j. ^-jd 'No, I was not Instead of doing what I'N| told him, the man. stood his ground, subdU'SH still fixing his ves on me from behind tbe:i^ sheet began to rock himself from right t»^M left on his feet. This was too mucfifor^ me, and I determined to muzzle him da 'Ibh^^ffl spot I did not fear him in the least, afid'sS not doubting that I should secure- h5m;- i|i« sprang upon him, and was in. the .act, 'of |S§ grasping him by the throat when— judgeioEW my horror if you can— my hand passed jSghtfraj through him, and at that very moment5 li©?« disappeared.' ' ' ,;; - . ^'?v':*! With all h!is- effort to regain his self- comsiM mand, Charles could not conceal the effedtt:i-$| produced upon his nervous system' by ttiSs?M mysterious encounter. 'You niay laugh at ?;« me as much as you please,' he said; 'but if;¥§§ ever a ghost was seen in this world, I saw^al one then. There was no mistake about it;;' ™ none but a human being could -have looked' \'}- and acted as he did; he was so life-lake *'' that I never doubted his reality until I . z felt my hand passing through him. I saiw. J him as distinctly as I see you now; we were . '?; standing close together, and the moonlight was so bright that I could not be mistaken. ,i You will ' remember, too, that I have no* V had anything to drink but tea; you have ^ never before heard me eay that I had seem '? a ghost, and you know I am not a mail' to , ?, invent a ghost story.' ' , -J' His brother had no reason to donibt *he VJ truthfulness of what he said; he felt at 'v once that, even if the boy had been trying' ??§ his hand at invention, he could not possi-, ?£ bly have acted the part he did. ' H3s nes^Via vous spasms were beyond his powers *-yt s imitation. Reluctant as he was to admit 'f^ the existence, of a ghost upon his run, 'he J was unable to explain the mystery in anjj £§ other way. Charlie died in the belief k© ^ had 'asserted, and EdTvard, many yeans~ %i afterwards, related the story in one of his - books, without making any attempt at ex pJaaiation. 6. B. B. j 