TBRHE ex-Sberiffe draw pensions from Victoria' LADY PAUKKS wan at one time a housemaid at a South Yarra mansion. THK N.S.W. Civil Service numbers A baronet as an Inspector of Si-lections. W. A. GKOI.UCIST J.MJUKT was for many years a surveyor in tiio JT.S. IV. Mines Department. Jtfiifi. Ssww, wjte of tlie Premier of New Zealand, is a native of Williauisiown. her father boing a local shipowner. M.L.C. ADUISON, of South Australia, is fjPDPi'S.'ly regarded. as the most practical farmer in thai, provinee. As far hack as lsl'J, Sir 0corse Crey was exploring in West Australia and trneinfi the tonn e of the tileneltj river SIIKKWI, Tasmaniuns say that L-l.e liraddoti. Fysh combination will «ivt- place to the Do/ison- Lewis duo afterthe ensuing elections. THE late X.S.W. Justice Innes. and Sir William Windeyer went to-chuol Mother. The former was once a District Court, .luu'cre in Oweusland lit' the Australian writers .Miss Ethel Turner has aeliiored the distinction of thet;reatosr..sULVess. Her coming volume, "The Lime Larrikin,'' will, the booksellers expect, put up a record sale, l.Ti: 11 AH His }JoNi;V OS. S'ltr. walked the Liwn attired in pink, Her hat was just a "pome." Tile lull her huiiliy paid, 1 think. Would make a weighty tome. H"r jewels sparkled m the tun, As- likewise did her eves, Tin- Ji.unities passing, one hy one, looked on her wit ii surmise. A sad man leant au'ninst a p >2t Oowu when* tile hookies H i-re, lie ioofced like one who'd -eeu a ghos-t. And awtul was his stare. ]jii hat was bashed, ins cont was- old, And Miauored were his shi/es, lit- pawed 111"- pocket, not for .{old— F.,r coppers tor a boose. " Hullo: old man." a passer cried, And greeted hiui with lov. " Wnat have you ir:»t, !: tnis i om>r oriel, " Your money on. dear hoy.'" The pale man nodded with iiis head — He seemed quire sicl, of lite ; •• I've put it all on that," he said. "Tile one in pink--my wife .'" ( H:EI.NSI,H\|I'»- e.\\-<'/lief Justice, Sir Charles Lilley, is said t'M.nnteiiipiate an early return to politics. ]lis appearance, in the Assembly would prove a nasty thorn in the fide of the Nelson Government. SOI-TH AI"STI;.U.H'M brilliant but eccentric <j.l'„ Paris, \esbitt, is U year.- ol age, aud a native of that province. He was horn at liirossa, and his chief ambition is to represent thai district jn the Assembly. LA not: it MAN SI- KKCK. who contested several Victorian seats in the l'rotectioni = t interest, has turned i'.is oatsime he struck Sydney. lie now poses as a freetrader. Spence is evidently one of tho^e "ail tilings to all men " class of agitators. " HK lauglis at scars who never rode a bike,'' is the new version. CAHLTON has a resident aged 300 in Mrs. Margaret Mitchell. Sydney goes one better with Mrs. Bloodsworth, aged 102, and having 200 Jiving descendants. Mrs. iSloodsworth is an Australia, native, A SOUTH MELBOURNE man who made i500 on the double was so pestered by his creditors that he has gone out of his mind and busies himself away scraps of paper under the delusion that be is parting w ith fabulous sums. THE arrival in Australia of the Yankee Slocurn, who is sailing round the world in his small yacht, the Spray, reminds us of that other bold adventurer, Captain Jorgensen, who came out here in an iron tank ship of his own building, so small that it was carted bodily into the Waxworks for exhibition. Jorgensen JS now mate on one of Huddart, Parker and Co.'e boats. " W HAT is the difference," (|uotli a seer, " 'TVixt a inug and a Melbourne Cup P" Wait- till settling day and you'll hear The bookmakers reckon it up. A WKLL-KNOWN actress once got into the Eame railway carriage as an ancient dame, who looked very much upset indeed. The actress was sympathetic and endeavoured to ascertain the cause of the other's sorrow, At length, in answer to a question, the old lady replied, "Oh ! JT am well, thanks, but 1 hear there's a company of them wi;ked play-actors and thempaintedplay- actresses on board thig train, and I'm quite certain that we will be smashed to bits before wo reach Sydney." CTOLISTS were not made welcome at KJemingtnn this meeting. At a timi when the theatres and other places of entertainment, and even the churches, are striving to convenience the man 011 wheels, the V.R.C. assumes an unrelenting attitude and bids the biker stand afar off—even as far sb the Footscrnv hi]]*. " JS'o bikes admitted," seemed to be the standing order, and it was rigorously obeyed so far as the general public was concerned. Some few favoured individuals may have been permitted tc wheel in, but the unknown, inconsequential person had either to trust his bike to the tender mercy of strangers or take nn outside stand. Tho writer heard one cyclist greet a water-policeman who barred bis passage with, " Not let bicycles in ! Not Jet bicycles in .'.' 15y thunder' we'll hold a bicycle Fports on this day next year and smash up your darned old Cup !" 