Sl'MlLt-AH v. Ituid, prosecutor and de fekdeii. Thia is the suit being conducted at the Bnr of Public Opinion which en gages and deservedly oqcufcies the public attention m the gnmevrjf politics iis pUyed in this corintry ut present. The reverberations of Mr.. Reid's triumphant assertion in his Budget speech that he had not a paper surplus, but a hard, solid cash surplus of £333,000 at the half-year ended 30th June' last, after dropping approximately £375,000 worth of Customs duties for the same period, had hardly loft the public ear when Mr. McMillan, an ex-Treasuror, an able man of unsullied, private and public repute — like Mr. Reid himself in that respect — ? comes forward from behind the Treasu rer anil declares, to uso his own words, ' that thore was a legally manufactured ' HUHPiiUf) — a surplus brought about by 'introducing the Treasury Bills Act, ' which , was intipduced by deceiving ' Parlimhout, and by statements which ' he (Mr. M'Millan) could'prbvo wero not ' in consonance with facts.' Tlio gravamen of Mr. M'Millan 's charge is cosily understood. He deohres that Treasury bills are usually only drawn for cash actually spent; that, in fact, like ordinary pro notes, they arc made by the Treasurer for 'vrtUie received ;' whereas Mr. Reid, ' according to Mr. M Millan's charge, got the Houte last year to pass a Treasury Bills Act, pur porting to be for tho purpose of making bills to wipe out what the freetraders (untruthfully) call tho '? Dibbs deficit ;' and now, surreptitiously, by the jugglery of misleading arithmetical formula in his Budget, covers his owndeticit in advance bj promissory notes drawn on value not yet received. That value is the t*x ho expects to screw out of the fanners as the price of the ' free breakfast,' of which he spoke so triumphantly to his voters in Parliament. This chargo of Mr. M'SIillau's is practically the sequel to not a fow awkward queries put to Mr. Reid when ho delivered his Budget last yo-ir. Mr. P. H. Morton had a letter in the Sydney Press in which the writer of it clearly showed that, supporter though ho was, ho could not sec how Mr. Reid's credit bnlanccs were made up after ha should wipe out certain rovenucs since by law abolished. The irresistible fact proven by Mr ltcid's '£333,000 'hard cash ' is a moro ghost of Treasury bills — bills drawn on expected but not realised revenue. It is needless- for us to comment further. Coming from the source it does, speaking with tho lucidity and temperance of expression employed by the exTreasu ror, Mr.'Roid's potty personal rejoinders will hot bo credited for one moment. Mr. M'Millan has always, as Treasurer, been distinguished for two characteristics —(1) clearness and sincerity of expres sion, and (2) absoluto fairness in adjust ing his Treasury account in dealing with his own party's deficiencies and that of liis predecessors in office. Talk about divesting the Civil Service and tho railways from political control, surely in this grave and irresistible chai go of f reotrado — ox- Treasurer M'Mil lan against Ireetrade Premier Reid (who controls both the Cabinet and the Treasury, an opportunity Mr. M'Millan did not get in his time) — what stronger evidence could any reasonable body of men have for declaring that — Tho office of Colonial Treasurer shall forthwith be excised from the list of Cabinet offices, and the Permanent Secretary to the Trea ???'*?' s'ury shall keep his books and issuetho Public Accountquarterly, without tilt or bias or control ex cept by another non-political offi cer — the Auditor- General ! With the Civil Service, the railways, and the Treasury divorced from political patronage, thero would then bo bo littlo bone of party contention that we might hope for the Constitution sot out in the Federal Convention Bill and federation, tho larger view giving place to the potty self- interests of the strife of Ins and Outs. Nowra Council has done perfectly right in applying for some reduction of the sum of £1200 excess paid for pipes, bends md valves, owing to tho Sydney made pipe being selected. by Jhe Govern ment in place of the ' open market ' pipes at 10 per cent, less cost to the Nowra ratepayers. But tho principle urged by the Mayor might havo been more forcibly and succinctly expressed. It was urged by us in these columns and by personal interview with tho water supply authorities, that tho 10 per cent, extra being a bonus by tho central Go vernment to colonial industry — a matter in which ivs taxpayers o£ the colony we concede is right — the bonus should come out of the Consolidated Revenue, i.e., the Treasury of the general taxpayer in whose interest tho policy is presumably adopted. It is not an advantage to Now rii to pay 10 per cent, extra for pipes made where Nowra people can be no more benefited by it than if tho pipes were made in England. It is true, the industry and the cost price of tho pipes have l-een k«pt in the colony ; but those other places which have derived all the benefit at the expense of a hundred years' burden on Nowra should likewise con tribute out of the Consolidated Revenue tho price of a policy designed to benefit tho whole colony, but in its present incidence, in our opinion, unjust if not illegal. The extra cost wos through no miscalculation on the part of the designing engineor, nor through any un foreseen rise in price. It is simply a Government bonus for colonial iron pipes, and who should pay it ? In the same connection the Mayor might dispute tho right of the Govern ment to debit tho Council with the cost of unauthorised laying of pipes at Ciim bewarra village. The Council was not suited before laying tho pipes along the streets of a private town not even in the control of the Nowra Council, nor even within the limits of its municipality. To be sure, it is as well to make the service as widely available as is compatible with its scope of supply. Thero could be no objection to supplying Cainbowarra town if there had been first ascertained how many householders were prepared to contract to take water and pay the re gular rate for it. But this the construct ing authority did not do. It reticulated some 20 chains of streets in this cart before-the-horse fashion, that now the water has been there 18 months there is no revenue from it and no ono seeking to get their premises connected. In the meantime the turncock officer reports abundant trouble with these cross section valves at Cambewarra, and these give a quarter mile extra care with no revenue whatever. In contradistinction to this there is a, quarter of a. mile of Nowra streets in which if unoccupied land is mode to pay water rates, where one or ttt o houses boyond are connected, Nowra could take and pay handsomely for the pipes at present wasting unprofitably in Cumbewarra. Every pound extra «ot for water lightens each ratepayer by a moiety of his tax. If Cambewarra will not take water and contract for a fixed time, the Government as contractor should bo asked to remedy this mistake of its servants by raising the surplus pipps and deducting from tho general account the rate per foot debited for this unprofitable and so far wasteful work. Iii the same account the Minister might be asked why the ludicrously high cost of land resumptions 1 Mr. Samuel Blow's farm, through part of which tne pipe lino goes, and :s equal to any and better than most of the resumed land for which Nowra Council has been by the Government Valuator's bad judgment or incompetence made to pay £100 per acre, was sold coincidontly with these resumptions ut (£13) thirteen rocxiw per acre ! Allowing for bi-section by such a frightener of stock and fire spreading agent as a railway train, is only SO per cent., and not often that is put on country land resumed for rail ways.' But if Mr. Blow's farm, sold in the open market — a farm cleared, settled and occupied over 20 years, and carrying through it this very stream of water which a fow chains back is lockod for Nowra watersupply pipe— was well sold »t £13 per acre, the Nowra ratepayers wore got at to the tune of seven hundred per cent. (700 per' cent.) through tho in sxportness of tho Government Valuator. It is only now theso figures havo como beforo tho public; and most certainly tho Country Towns Water arid Sow erago Act should bo so amended as to require the Constructing Authority to placo such matters as tho forego'ng in regard to Cambewarra extras, uncon traotod for, and the land resumption bungle before the trustees of those who by statute find tho money to p:iy for the work. As originally designed the water loan came fairly within the then financial scope of Nowra. Since then land values have fallen ; and in any ease it was bad to over-handicap a scheme just practic able financially without extras or an unforeseen shrinkago of rates. Wero it not for Mr. W. J. Lyne's Act spreading the sinking fund ovor 100 years in place of 30, as was current when the water loan was applied for, Nowra might have been in the same difficulty as Waggaand Goulburn through this improper over loading of its water account. 