CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR UNION. THE SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. The sixth annual Convention in connection with the Christian Endeavor Union was opened at the Bible Christian Church, Franklin-street, on Friday, August 28. There was a good attendance, and the president of the union (tlje Bev. E. H. Ellis) occupied the chair. The General Secketabt (Mr. H. H. McKechnie) read the report, which stated inter alia : — For the first time since tbe formation of oar union we are not able to announce an increase of members in our colony. During the year almost every society nas sunerea more or less uy removals so west Aus tralia ; one society alone reports over 20 members cons to the West When we say West Australia has benefited by our loss in this way to the extent of over 1,000 Endeavorera we are within the mark. Our statistics give the membership at the close of each year as follows :— 1891— 38 societies, 500 members; 1SD2— 125 societies, 3,000 members; 1S'J3— 256 societies, 6,500 members ; 1894— 324 societies, 9,059 members; 1895— 427 societies, 11,069 members; and 1S96— iiO societies, 11,775 members; an increase of 22 societies and a decrease of 191 members. We are clad to call your attention to the growth of our junior societies, which have increased since our last convention from 53 societies and 1,293 members to 74 societies with 1,873 members. Our missionary superintendent has made a special effort during the y.arto spread interest in missionary work, visiting and taking- many meetings ia and around the city. A large amount of literature has been distributed ; missionary superintendents have also been appointed in many district unions, and have worked success fully. A large number of candidates have offered themselves this year for the foreign fields, andseverai have gone out Scarcely a Christian Endeavor society is now withoutits missionary oonitnitlce. Several socie ties are supporting native teachers, and 83 societies have raised the sum of £409 for their denominational missions. (Hear, hear.) Whilst the interest in foreign missions has been eo greatly awakened home missions have also received some amount of attention, and a number of societies have taken up work rery energe tically on their behalf, and five Endoavorers have 6tarted labor as home missionaries. In the forma tion of senior societies we nave not made the progress that was at one time anticipa ed. Whilst the two reported Jast year have been doinj excellent work, only one new society has been formed during the year. The efforts of the district unions have proved very valuable. One new district union has been formed, making the total number at present 25. Each year adds to the usefulness of the inter colonial paper The Golden Link as a means of education 'and help to our societies. The South Australian management has during the sear been under the care of Air. Alexander Gordon, who lias been untiring in his efforts to make it a success. Dr. Harper's scheme of Bible study re commended by the Australasian Council- and adopted by our union has been in the hands oi Mr. K. J. Stuckey during the year, and the number of those who habitually use it shows a slight improvement, navim? increased irotu zsu co aw. ise executive committee have sought at all tunes to advance the interests of Christi;ui Endeavor in the colony. We hive found it necessary to draw the attention of societies to Uie foundation principle — 'loyalty to the Church,' and to opposs efforts made by reiigious, philanthropic, or other movements to use the organisation as a lever outeide of tbe churches to furtberlheirpurposes, however estimable they may be. We express our gratitude for the use of a room iu tbe £taw Memorial Buildings {or the executive meetings and the use of rooms for our office and literature room in Flinders-street Baptist Buildings, wuich have been kindly placed at our convenience Srce ot cost The Treasuheu (Mr. Q. \V. Summers) read the balance-sheet, showing that tiie income had been £512 0s. t!|d., and the ex penditure £484 (is. 10d., leaving a balance in hand of £27 13s. ll$d. The reports were adopted. Tho following officers for 1896-7 were elected ; — President, itev. Joseph Berry ; vice presidents— Rev. J. G. Wright and Kev. G. Rayner; elected members — Itev. Granville Ratnage, Eev. F. W. Webb, Rev. T. J. Gore, and ' Rev. C. Tresise ; superintendents of departments— Missionary, Miss TJ. A. Tilly; literature, Miss Mead ; junior, Miss Chappie and Rev. Edwin H. Ellis; ex-presidents— Rev. S. Mead, Mr. C. J. Holder, Rev. H. T. Burgess, and Rev. Edwin H. EiJis ; treasurer, Mr. G. W. Summers; assistant secretary, Mlfis Gray; general secretary, Mr. H. H. McKechnie. Miss Mead, superintendent of tbe literature department, read her report which was of a satisfactory character. The Chairman, in vacating tho office of urcsiueut, Brutus ui vu« uiuiuuiuea wiiren nrestn. him in trying to carry out the high standard with which he had started his year of office. One of the greatest joys of his term of office was the visits paid to the various societies and in witnessing tho rallies. The Eecretary had alluded to the fact that the pa$t had been the only year in which they had not had an addition to their ranks, but the 12 months just past was a time of consolidation rather than of advancement. He then called upon Mr. Berry to take the chair as the newly-eleeted presi dent. . The Rev. J. Berry, whose rising was the signal for a pockethandkerclricf solo, said he could only thauk them for the honor they had done him iu electing him president, and though he had reluctantly consented to take the office, he would Uy to serve them, (Hear, hear.) Especially v/ouid he try to eerve faum by visiUng the country umous. Looking forward, he said the convention would be the great suc cess they anticipated, and hoped it would be, if they could report it in tbe sipglo sentence — 'And they were all filled with tho Holy Ghost ; all from tho youngest recruit to tho oldest veteran.' He touched on the enormous srrowth of . the Christian En deavor movement which had no parallel, for it had no cost Even the ll.OGtt members of tbe South Australian uuiononly cost a beggarly £500 last year. It was a work carried on within the portale of ths Oburab, aud the hey note of the movement was consecration. He said to them in concluding an earnest address, 'Don't amend the rules but keep them.' Devotional exercise closed the gathering. 