TRAINING NOTES. Morphettvim.k. The course proper at Morphettville was thrown open to horses engaged at the forthcoming A.R.C. and 8.A.J.C. meetings on Tuesday morning, but owing to the hardness of the track very few trainers availed themselves of it. TVIr. Mallen was tlic first to put in an appearance, and bo sentRosodalh, Diadem, ahd Trentalto for a six-furlong spin.the trio" finishing together. Ensign was given four rounds, the last two miles being run at a strong pace. Thunder Queen Iran a mile and a halfon the course proper in 2 min. 84 sec. Fleet Admiral and Respond spurted three furlongs. Nackara (T: Burn} and Hear Hear (F. Burn) were com panions in a mile gallop, the amtch regis tering 1 min. 58j see. Swithin took half a, second longer to negotiate the same distance. Princess of Wales and Blodwen got over seven furlongs on the course proper in 1 min. 40 sec., the Robinson Crusoe fifly having the most to say at che linisli. Broken Hill, fileusinian, and Mermaid were credited with useful work, while Dalesman was sent a round at half-pace, and finished up by spurting the last two furlongs. Supposition was given a food round, the last mile beitig run iu 1 min. 6 sec. Floodbird and The Golden King negotiated two miles in 3 min. 59 sec., Quinn s representative having the most to say at the finish. Anglo-Saxon spurted six furlongs, while Talisian and Lord Salisbury ran half a, mile in 52f sec., the Thunderbolt colt beating his companion by a bare head. Foliage was credited with a mile and a quarter gallop, the watch registering 2 min. 24J sec., the last mile being cut out in 1 min. 54 soc. Scutum, Security, and Nomadic only cantered. Jack Par slipped over four furlongs in 59 sec. Alveary took 1 min. 28| soc. to run six furlongs. Thunderer put in a circuit at half-pace. Danbydale and The Idler finished togothcr at the end of six furlongs, which they left behind in 1 min. 23J sec.; while Wrangler was credited with some long steady work, lluree /Foon) ran a couple of rounds, the last one at half- pace. Fair Saxon (Rogers) was.respon sible for a mile in even time, while Happy Jack took 1 min. 58J sec. to get over a similar distance. Duke of Richmond was given long steady work, while Concussion, with neck swoaters on, put in a couple of circuits at half pace. Viking, who was piloted by Willis, got over a mile and a quarter in even time. At Morphettville on Saturday morning Donnelly was the first to start the proceedings by sending Concussion. Duke'of Richmond, and Viking a_ couple of rounds at half-paco. Hear Hear finished up with a fast-six furlongs, while Pitchry and Port Admiral were bracketed for a round. Security got over four furlongs in 57 sec., and Scutum and Rose Park did useful exercise. Rosedale had the advantage of Swithin at the end of a mile run in even time. Foliage was credited with strong steady work. The Idler went once round at half pace, while Ensign, with neck sweaters on, put in long half-pace exorcise. The Golden King defeated Floodbird very easily at the end of two miles, run in 4 min. 5 sec. Clyternnesta recorded useful work, while Nomadic and Jack Tar left five furlongs behind them in 1 min. 12 sec. Supposition got over a mile in 1 min. 54 sec., and Diadem ran a fast six furlongs. Thunderer was restricted to steady work. Smithereensand Happy Jack were coupled over half a mile, .Tack going on for a circuit. Iluree put in a round at half - pace. Fair Saxon spurted a fow furlongs, and Danbydale ran three-quarters of a mile in 1 min. 27 sec. Elcusinian, Dalesman, Princess of Wales, Blodwin, and Broken Hill did half nace work. Talisien spurted throe and a half furlongs, as did also Lord Salisbury. Alvoary w m not extended, but Nackara put in a good once round. The tracks at Morphettville were in good order on Thursday morning, when some in teresting work was recorded. Keily was the first to begin operations by sending Miracluni and Thunder Queen a round at a good strong pace. Doric, who was ridden by Bushell, did useful exercise over throe miles. Viking, with Willis in the saddle, then negotiated a round. The Eiridspord representative had the assistance of the Derby colt Concussion for the last half mile, and got over the once round in 2 min. 44 sec. Respond and Fleet Admiral were given long steady work. Pitehcry (W. Burn) and Port Admiral (Jacques) took 2 min. 42 sec. to run once round the track. Danby dale (Griffiths) and Hear Hear (F. Burn) were companions for a six-furlong flutter, the watch registering 1 min. 23 sec. Diadem and Trent alto finished together at the end of a smartly run six furlongs. Alveary got over five fur longs in 1 nun. 1% sec., while Clytcmnestra covered a mile in even time. Security left half a mile behind on the course proper in 52£ sec. Rose Park joined in for the last three furlongs, ltoscdalo was responsible for a mile run in 1 min. 54 sec. Ensign was given strong work over a couple of miles. Foliage ran a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 22 sec., the last half-mile being left behind in 58 sec. Nomadic finished up a round by spurting over the last four furlongs. Elcusinian and Dalesman put in a round at half - pace. Blodwen, who was assisted by Princess of Wales for the first mile and a furlong, got over the Derby distance on the course proper in even time. The Golden King and Floodbird were companions in a two-mile gallop, the last round being negotiated in 2 min. 45 sec. Supposition got over a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 25 sec., the last mile being run in 1. min. 56 sec. Taliosir. and Lord Salisbury only cantered. The Old Course. On the Old Course on Saturday morning Rorke's Drift put in three rounds, spurting homo the last few furlongs. Lord Grenvillo wa3 lx>wling along for a round, while Wahino ran six furlongs in 1 mill. 20 see. Gipsy Queen was accredited with useful exercise, and Carmelito ran six furlongs in 1 inin. 28 see. Juliet went well over two miles, the watch registering 4 min. 9 sec. llavelock travelled his last round in 2 min. 4 see., Black Flag negotiating a similar distance a second quicker. Conscript and Mompa covered a mile in 1 min. 58£ sec. Helena did good work, and Diathus cut out a mile in 1 min. 58 sec. The Royalist worked steadily, while Jack Sprat was moving along at three-quarter pace. All Fours was re sponsible for useful work, and Homo Rule got over a round in 2 min. ^ sec. Recoup and Regent were together over a mile and a half, the once round taking 2 min. 4 sec. Electric and Doubloon were coupled for a six-furlong flutter, the watch registering 1 min. 22£ sec. Isinglass and Snowdrift were bowling along for a round, while Bombastic did good work. Radiant did steady work, hut he pulled up lame. Sir George and Fishwife negotiated a circuit in 2 min. 8 sec. Kiiso and First Master left seven furlongs behind them in 1 min. 39 sec. Kirkby worked steadily. Wood field and The, Ghost put in good steeplechase work, and Simple .lim was credited with useful exercise. Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 23 sec. Orb was restricted to long steady work, while Fund's mission was a round at three-quarter pace. Playboy was the first to begin operations, on Tuesday morning and got over three rounds, the last one being left behind in 2 min. 4 sec. Black Flag was givon a similar task, and finished up by run ping the last two furlongs in 28£ sec. Juliet took 4 min. !> see. to get to the end of two miles. Diek Whittington was given long steady work. Carmelite ran a mile in 1 min. 59 sec., while Rorke's Drift put in some good steeplechase work. Lord Granville only cantered over a couple of rounds. Confidence was treated to ^ pace exercise.' Kjjpands.whiteGipsy;^ ^■Lfehind in2min.6i8ea. Mompa made npfame over f toand^ He laVolta,' Conscrip^-and' . -.Conventioney were bracketed fpr-"'a cirismty VCIonyeutiPner being in front attl^^finish. {the round yras accomplished in l min. 59 ado., ' and ibelastsix furlongs xnl min. 28j 8ec, ' The Royalist tieatDianthus over .a circuit, « which/was left behihdrfri l mini. 69iAa&^ Hdenarput in thiw rounda, the last onebeing „ got over atdialf-pace, All Fours, whowas " ^given strong steeplechase work, ran the last ■ roundiu ^min»5|8ed. Longbow and Bom-, feostip were credited with a mile, which was . negotiated in 1 miu. CC seo, Jack Sprat . finished up his work by running a round in 2 min. 5) sec. Simple Jim, who was being schooled over the fences, fell at the stone wall, but was remounted and jumped the , remaining obstacles in fair stylo. Home' Rule : left a round behind in 2 min. 10 sec., while \- Woodfield was responsible for good steeple . phase work. Fishwife, who was given a trial i over the quadruple, fenced fairly well. Have lock ooncluded his morning's exercise by. getting over a circuit in 2 min. fisoc. Carlton was treated to steady.work, while Strike was credited, with a good round. Gaillardia 1 negotiated a circuit in even time. Radiant Waagiventhree-quarter-pace work, but Trout and Regent were responsible for a round in 1 ruin. 67 sec. Angler put in, some good'Work. Consequence and Sir George were tried over the quadruple, the grey jumping very well. .Snowdrift and Isinglass were coupled for good striding work. Kiise and First Master were together at the end of a seven-furlong flutter, which was got over in 3 min. 37 see., the Bix furlongs taking 1 min. 22f sea Holly was credited with & five furlong spin in 1 min. 11 sec. Encounter put in some good work, but Cigarette and .Electric only cantered. The Count was given a trial over the quadruple, and then joined Eclipse and. Jackeroo; the trio being respon sible for circuit. Kirkby cut out a mile and a furlong in 2 min. C£ sec., the last six furlongs being run in 1 min. 24 sec. Fund spurted three furlongs in 1 min. 40£ sec., while Orb did medium pace work. Dubloon beat Wahine over six furlongs in 1 min. 19 sec. __ _ Rorke's Drift, who was piloted by F. Wise, strode freely over threo rounds, and finished up with a short spurt. -Firelock was given steady exercise, while Lord Grenville put in some good half and three-quarter pace work. Wahinc was credited with a smart six furlongs, but Dick Whittington was not extended. Barter, who is coming on nicely, was given useful exercise. Carmelite travelled over a mile, which was left behind in 1 min. 584 sec. Havolock's mission was three rounds at a Btrong pace, the last circuit being got over in 2 min. 44 sec. Carlton was given steady exercise, while Gipsy Queen and Juliet, the latter covering the last two miles in 4 min., were credited with good work. Black Flag concluded his task by running a round in 2 min. 3 sec. Confidence was treated to - long half and three-quarter pace work. Conscript and Mompa jumped off in front of Conventiouer and De la volta; Mompa, who had the best of matters, negotiating the round in-1 min. 58 sec. Conventioner lost ground - after the first furlong and finished alongside De la Volta. Handover put in some good work at three-quarter-pace. Trout- and Helena finished together at the end of a mile and a quarter, but the filly was all out. Dian thus covered a mile in 1 min. 58J sec., while The Royalist only worked steadily. Jack Sprat ran three times round the* track, the last circuit being at three-quarter pace. Longbow was spurting, but Gaillardia only did medium work. All Fours was given long steeplechase exercise. Homo Rule got over his last round in 2 min. 4 sec. Barunga and Consequence, the latter on the cinders, were given moderate exercise, but Strike was credited with some good work. Recoup finished in front of Regent in a mile and a half gallop, the round being accomplished in 2 min. 4 sec. Angler was given useful steeplechase work. Doubloon and Electric took 1 min. 224 boc. to get over six furlongs. Isinglass and Snowdrift were coupled for three circmts, tho pair negotiating tho final round in 2 min. 9 sec. Bombastic went freely over a distance, but Radiant, who is showing signs of lameness, only worked steadily. Sir George had the assistance of Fishwife in some good steeple chase work, the pair leaving the last round behind in 2 min. 8 sec. Kase and First Master were responsible for a mile, the last seven furlongs taking 1 min. 39 sec. Kirkby ran a mile and a furlong in 2 min. 6 sec. En counter finished up some steady work by spurting home. Simple Jim, Woodfield, The Ghost, Eclipse, Postal, Deburg, Union Jack, and Eagleh&wk; were all treated to moderate exercise. Cigarette was not allowed to go fast, but Saracen did some useful sprinting, while Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 28 sec. Fund did not go beyond three-quarter pace, and Orb was restricted to medium pacing. 