FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1896. Our Supplement.—We are pleased that our numerous readers of fiction appreciate so much our efforts in providing for them a good tale. Joseph Hocking's latest literary production ''Fields of Fair Re nown" which is at present appearing in cur supplement is spoken of in complimentary terms by many of our subscribers and in to-day's supplement the story occupies nearly five columns. There is a lot -of interesting reading matter of a miscellaneous kind besides. "Science and Invention" is a column well worthy of perusal, ;and there are up-to-date recipes always to be found under the heading of "The Household." "The Agricu!turist"supplies useful information as to bacou curing and pigs on farms. A cleverly written tale from the pen of Dorothy Hope entitled "The Temptation of Anthony Tenderden" appears in complete form, and there is lots of other short yarns and selected bits. Altogether the reading matter in our supplement will help to w hirl away several hours pleasantty. The Wool Trade at Kingston.—On Monday last Messrs. John Grice & Co. put up a record as far as Kingston as concerned n dispatching the Lund Line steamer the ; Echuca with a cargo of wool. The Ecliuca 1 arrived on Sunday evening and on Monday ! she was loaded with 1,200 bales of wool ■ and sailed at six o'clock the same evening. , This is the quickest despatch of wool that I has aver been made at Kingston. The Cardigan Castle is still taking in wool, and i will soon have her full complement of . | bales on board. On Tuesday the steamer i j Warrigal will arrive and take on a large I i quantity of wool for shipment to London. To accommodate the wool traffic it was in- , tended to run a special on Saturday; but owing to the Warrigal not arriving till late i on Monday night or early on Tuesday morning the special will not be required. The railway officials [ inform us that the present wool season is i the busiest they have had for many years. This can be accounted for by the fact that several South-Easiern clips that have not been forwarded previously .to Kingston are [ being sent through Messrs. John Grice & Co. this year. Cycling.—The cycling boom which is at present affecting most towns in Australia appears to have reached Narracoorte, and during the past week or two several new machines of the most modern types and manufacture have been introduced here. Mr." E. Houghton, as announced in our advertising columns, has opened a bicycle agency here, and he has so far imported most of the recent new " bikes" which are to be seen whirling along our streets. Among Mr. Houghton's latest importations are two ladies' bicycles, so that ere long we may expect to see some of our local fair sex takiug to the wheel. It would be a capital thing if our show ground committee could see their way clear to have a bicycle track made on the local oval, for as well as providing and encouraging a popular sport, it would, we believe, help to increase the revenue of the ground. Most country towns of any importance now hold bicycle sports, and with such _ a number of coming expert wheelmen in our midst, whyshould Narracoorte be behind other towns in this respect. ? Kybyboute Stock Sale.—A successful sale of surplus stock was held at Kybybolite Station on Monday last by Mr. J. Ij'aiiiie, auctioneer. The following prices were realised j—First two-tooth Leicester and Merino croBs, mixed sexes 4s 4d; full mouthed wethers, 2s 3d; aged ewes in moderate condition, Is. Considering the outlook of the season these prices may be ? considered very satisfactory. Those advertised were nearly all disposed of. Strawberry Fete.—A strawberry fete and sale of gifts in aid of St. Paul's Church Parsonage Fund will be held in the Institute Hall next Wednesday. The fair will open at three o'clock in the afternoon and will continue open during the evening. A variety of useful articles will be on sale, strawberries and cream will be obtainable, and the proceedings will be interspersed with music. The charge of admission is sixpence. Lands Alloted.—The following lands '?• '^.-South-East have been allotted by ^Cjhtral Land Board:—Sections 381 to jo4, Hundred of Caroline, 591 acres; annual rent, £2-9s. 3d., purchase money £147 15s., i to Geo. D. Smyth, en right of purchase. Sections 361,- 573,574,579, to 582, Hundred " of Caroline, 2,036 acres; rental £1214s. 6d., ' purchase money, £1,018. to Frances B. i Davison on right of purchase. , Wesleyan Sunday School Picnic.— Sunday School picnics are very popular in Narracoorte. They are not like the poor, always with us; but at a certain time of the year they are much in evidence. There was a time when there used to be a combined Sunday School picnic held once a year; and a very enjoyable gathering it was, as the old residents will remember; and the name of the Rev. D. McCalman will ever be associated with them in the minds of the "old folks"; but since then as a town we have advanced in dimensions and numbers. Churches and Sunday Schools have accordingly multiplied, and the Presbyterian Sunday School, the first established in Narracoorte, is only one among a number. They nearly all hold their annual picnics in the month of November. It is the time of the year when all nature is in a smiling mood. Vegetation is at its full strength, the trees of the forest look fresher and brighter than usual, the flowers are in their gayest moods, the blossoms that adorned the trees have developed into fruit, which in the autumn will become an appetising morsel, and the song| of the birds as they flit about in the branches and hedges has the ring of happiness and contentment about it. It is indeed spring - that joyous time of the year when nature is in her most extravagant moods, and what better time of the year can there be for holding these annual renuions, the happy recollections of which serve as pleasant memories in old age. One of these enjoyable picnics was held on Wednesday last under the auspices of the Wesleyan Sunday school. The rendezvous was about three miles from the township on the Apsley main road. The children were taken out in all kinds of conveyances between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning, and traps were kept continually travelling between the town and picnic ground until 3 o'clock. The morning was very warm, but the spot where the picnic was held was shaded by a forest of trees, which served to thwart the hot rays of the sun. However, in the afternoon the sky became overcast with dark clouds, and though somewhat close and muggy a cool westerly breeze which sprang up late in the afternoon made it pleasant. The children had their appetites appeased at intervals during the. day; and every provision was made for their amusement in the shape of sports, swings, croquet, tennis, cricket, and football. There were handsome prizes awarded to those successful in the sports, presented, we understand, by a staunch friend of the school. The whole arrangements were carried out without a hitch under the management of Mr. J. B. Blackwell, the Superintendent of the School, whose efforts were ably seI conded by a number of ladies of the con! gregation as well as the teachers of the school and the Rev. J. J. Nicholls. There was more than abundance of food, and at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon every person on the ground was entertained at tea. About 250 children sat down to tea in the afternoon ; and there must have been fully 300 adults on the ground. | ! Mount Gambier District Schools. —The annual examinations of schools in the Mount Gambier district have resulted as follows:— School. Teacher. Per cent. Caroline Flora Ferguson ... 84*79 Compton T. Hc- nzell ... 91*66 Glenburnie W. Price 6891 Kmgsiey T. Moten 86 45 Mil Lei S. E. Reinecke ... 75*55 Mount Gambier F. Fairweather ... 83 73 Mount Schanck R. G. Gallc ... 88*66 O.B. Flat F. Duke 85*16 Pt. McDonnell C. E. T. Hamence 84*02 Square Mile G. fj. G. B-mrke 91*75 Sutton Town A. A. Had.iy ... 81*18 Worrolong P. MeMahnn ... 81*73 Vah! E. Guest 74*87 A Snake Adventure.—Mrs. Sutherland had a somewhat startling experience with a snake at her residence in Smithstreet yesterday morning. She was coming out of the house by the back door and on looking down observed a yellow colored .snake between five and six feet in length Jp mg on ground ;i few inches from her met. The unexpected sight of the unweleomed visitor startled Mrs. Sutherland so much that she could oulj* scream and stand helpless looking at the reptile goinounder her bouse. Mr. W. Piatt made a search round and under the house for the reptile and took up the boards of the floors of two of the rooms, but without success. Mrs. Sutherland informs us that her little girl told her that she saw a young snake go under the house a few days ago, but thinking that her daughtei mistook something else for a snake she , aid not take much notice of the assertion. It would appear now, however, that there masi be a uest of the venomous reptiles under the house somewhere. It is fortunp^e that Mrs. Sutherland escaped an attack from her undesirable visitor. Snakes seem to be very numerous about the town this year, and is would be well for everyone to be careful. mtAND Great Britain.— I hat the United States of America should be the mam ruling factor on their side of the globe is a claim put forward by its Government in connection with the South American Republic of Venezuela and its dispute with Great Britain. The population of this republic is mostly composed ot colored people of mixed Spanish, Indian, and Negro blood to the number ©f over 2,000,000, and the British have a possession close by in New Guinea which £ V30 cause of the dispute between the United States and Great Britain. The boundary line between Venezuela and New Guinea is not well defined, and they cannot agree to its delimitation. However, negotiations have been goin°r on for some time between the great American Republic and Great Britain over the matter, and peflple will be pleased to know coat a satisfactory road to an agreement has been arrived at which is giving satisfaction to all parties to the dispute. A tribunal is to be appointed which will consist of five members, two arbitrators, who will probably be judges, being nominated by each nation, and the fifth member selected fay the four nominees. No provision is made for the representation of the Republic of Venezuela in the tri". Aile treaty which governs the method of arbitration on the Venezuela question also includes provisions for the creation of a permanent Court of Arbitrabetu^en Great Britain and the United estates. The Times, commenting upon the arrangements made by Lord Salisbury, expresses the opinion that the virtual c»ncessmn by Great Britain to the United States of the right she has claimed to protect the South American Republics amounts to a signal diplomatic victory ^President Grover Cleveland, and one cii.il He will keenly appreciate. The American Press is generally delighted at the settlement of the question, bat a rew of the Jingoistic journals triumphantly declare that Great Britain mtf backed down" in the dispute. I A German papers complain that Great Britain has virtually conceded to the United States a general protectorate over the South American Republics. This concession, while it represents a signal diplomatic victory for President Cleveland 1 u t? '19 sal the European Powers having interests in South America, and Germany for one, saj's the Cologne Gazette*" wi'l not concur in a i claimso unwarranted by international law. r*ne Govenment of Venezuela have agreed ' to the clause in the Anglo-American treaty J , providing that a 50 years occupancy of , territory shall be a bar to arbitration, but 1 ■ that the proposed joint tribunal shall have unlimitedijurisdiction over all other claims.'« The Rav. J. Berry, the well-known ' Wesleyan Minister, delivered a sermon in ' 5is Church on Sunday last on the Colored Immigration Restriction Bill, and com i iemned it straight out, using the same argu- < menta pretty well as we did in our article ; m tbe raeasure in last Friday's issue. * Sale of Farm Property.—On Wednesday last Mr. A. J. Plate (Mount Gambier) with Mr. J. P. D. Laurie (Narracoorte), in conjunction., held a most successful sale at Mr. J. McArthur's farm. Bool Lagoon. There was a large attendance of buyers from Mount Gambier, Lucindale, Kingston, and surrounding district. The lease of the farm, containing 525 acres having 10 years to run with a right of renewal for a further 14 3Tears, was first submitted and elicited spirited bidding up to £495. This not being up to the owner's estimate ; of value it was passed, but immediately ' afterwards was sold to Mr. Pusskucken, | of Adelaide, for £500 cash. The crop was ! passed in at 30s. per acre. 250 four-yearj old crossbred ewes, in the wool, Scbank bred, were knocked down at 6s. 7d. per head, while 200 exceptionally fine fat lambs in the wool realised 7s. per head. Tip dray £10, harrows £2 7s., and a few sundries fetched satisfactory prices. W.C.T.U. — Narracoorte Branch.— The usual monthly meeting of the local branch of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union was held on the 13th iust. in ! the Wesleyan classroom. There were nine members present, and one was enrolled. Mrs. J. j. Nicholls presided. After devotional exercises the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The Treasurer's monthly report was reoeived showing a balance in hand of 17s. lOd. Matters of interest pertaining to the temperance cause were discussed at length. It was decided to assist the Juvenile Temperance Legion funds by arranging an entertainment at an early date, and to ask the assistance of Mr. Moyes for that object. Owing to not having a refreshment booth at the show this year the funds of the Union have been considerably reduced. It was announced that Miss Murcutt, who gave an interesting lecture in the.Institute Ball last year, would visit Narracoorte shortly and lecture in aid of the Temperance Union. The meeting closed with praise and prayer. Sheepskins.—Messrs. Crompton & Son report that the improved wool news has increased the prices offered for full woolled sheepskins, which may be quoted Jd. to 4d. higher than three weeks ago. Mr. Inspector Neale is now in the district conducting the annual examination of schools in this district. The Burnside school was examined on Wednesday, the Lake Ormerod school on Thursday, and the Near Narracoorte school will be examined today. Last week Inspectors Clarke and Gamble examined the Stewart's Range and Lochaber schools. Illustrated Christmas Publications. —Year by year the Christmas numbers of the illustrated English periodicals improve in artistic merit, and the low price at which they are now issued make them marvels of cheapness. We have received from Messrs. E S. Wigg and Son, stationers, Adelaide, copies of three of this year's illustrated Christinas numbers. The special issue of the Illustrated London News equals, if not surpasses, any of the previous Christmas numbers brought out by the proprietors of that journal. A very interesting and well writteu tale entitled " A CommiUeman of The Terror," by Thomas Hardy, is given in full, and for the children the popular writer F. Marion Crawford has contributed a charming story called "The Doll's Ghost." Both tales are well illustrated. A story | with tbo title of " Wolverden Tower" from the p?n of Grant Allen is entertainingly written, and the journal contains besides several cleverly drawn pictures, some of which are colored. The colored presentation plate with the title of " Symphony," represents a little girl playing a violin with her dog alougside listening with marked attention, an-1 is a beautiful artistic production. Pear's jLnnuil is a well got up publication. The illustrations in colors are representative of Christmas scenes of the past and present decades, and are perfections in the art of letterpress work. A story appropriate of the festive season " Once Upon a Ohrismas-tirae," by George R. Sims, will be relished by readers of fiction, while the other reading matter, which is dispensed in great variety, goes to make up an excellent paper. The story is profusvly illustrated, and the whole journal is a marvellous shilling's worth. Three capital pictures are also given with the ontnber, all of which are excallently executed. They appear above the following titles : — " Christmas comes but once a year," a representation of a Christmas dinner j scene; " Leaving London to speud Christmas in the country; Departure from La Belle Sauvage Inn Yard and | " A canter on the heath; the whole Family Cavalry turned out for exercise " Black and White" is another capital Christinas publication. The illustrations, like the name of the journal, are in black and white, and ate numerous and well finished. There are no less than four stories by well-known authors besides a budget of miscellaneous matter, including poetry and sketches appropriate of the festive season. There is also a " large co'ored picture given in, beiug a splendid reproduction of Walter Langley's picture " Motherless." These publications will furnish a wealth of reading and pictures for the coming Yule-tide season, and those "of s literary turn of mind or with an eye for the artistic and beautiful should not fail to secure one of the numbers mentioned above. The Bathcrst Federal Convention. '—The Peoples Federal Convention was opened at Bathurst (N.S-W.) on Monday with all due formality. Dr. Machattie, the chairman of the local committee, stated the reason that had led the Bathurst Branch of the Australian Federal League to organize the gathering, and read a letter .of welcome to the delegates. The roll of delegates was then called over. The answers showed that there was an attendance of over 150 delegates representing various municipal bodies, divisional ' Boards, and branches of the Australian-- Natives' Association and Federation Leagues, Chambers of Manufactures, 'Citizens* Committees, trades organizations, and other bodies. At the completion "of the reading of the roll the chairman announced that, so far as the Bathurst committee was concerned, it from, that stage surrendered the charge of the proceedingste the delegates present. Dr. Machattie was at once chosen to act as the president of the Oonveution, and the work of the gathering was then entered upon. A large quantity of correspondence was read to the Convention. A | committee having been appointed to deal | with matters of procedure and finance, I Messrs. E. Barton, F. B. Suttor, Dr. Bassett, Mayor of Bathurst, B. B. Nicholl, Colonel J. G. Davies, Tasmania, R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C, and Professor Gosman, Victoria, were appointed VicePresidents. The report of the Finance Committee suggesting that a levy of 10s. fid per delegate should be made to defray the necessary expenses of the Convention was carried by 52 votes' to 34. The Convention then adjourned until Tuesday. The sittings of the Convention were continued on Tuesday when the President (Dr. Machattie) delivered his address, concluding by moving " that the motto of the Convention be Foedere fato aequamur—(by our union we are equal"— which was carried. Most of the sittin" was Bpent in discussing the Common- ' wealth Bill of the Convention of 1891 in committee, approval being given (o the -i appointment of a governor-general by the Queen. ( 