THE STORYTELLER. tii. - ? THE QUEEN OF THE \- ' . SQTTTH; CHAPTEE XXXVI. -(Continued.) ; . . People made way for him on all sides. 'This was evidently the loDg- announced . witness. '-- The fellow did not stop until he stood face to face, and evidently disrespectfully close, to the coroner. *? Who is this man V said Mr. Worsely, with evident distaste. 'Nobody knows better than myself, as I ?suppose, in these part?, and I'll answer the question,' said the Yankee; and turning abruptly round on John Purday, 'You, old gentleman,' he continued, will remem ber seeing me last night at that there crazy pld broken-down place in the hop-garden yonder ?'..?'. 'Yes, and to-day, too. But I know pothing of you,' said Mr, Purday, struck by these conjoint recollections. 11 1 didn't say you did. It ien't a case , of my identity, you know,' replied the »nn. ' Here, take down my name, any one that likes. I am an American, my name's Lazarus Leppard, I don't care who knows it, and here goes for the rest of it.' ' What is the meaning of this man's Strange observations ?' said the coroner, much surprised. 'Just you give me time; I can answer for all about me on my own hoofis,' re turned Lszmub, turning his quid in his yellow cheek. ' What I can say is, if you don't hear me you'll miss a great light on this murder affair. I'm not particular about communicating. If you don't want to hear t don't want to say. It's no business of mine. I'm none of your grandmothers for everlasting twang.' ? ' Speak, sir ; every attention shall be paid to you,' said Mr. Worseley. There was an universal movement of curiosity. Julia stole a glance at her friend. She looked like marble, but marble hewn into a statue of attention. ' Well, citizens — gentlemen, I mean— I have this to say,' pursued the new witness. ?' I am inate of a ship on leave of absence awhile in these parts, to see if I could make out some relations I have heard my father say his father told him we had onoe upon a . rtime hereabouts. So I got completely benighted in that kinder moza of hop .?grounds out by yonder, and just thought \- I'd make myself comfortable till daylight in an old crazy ruin I came upon, that minded me of all things of one of your tumble-down old rotten communities in this here Old World — -wfn's only a yg to go over all of a heap into nothing.' ' We don't want any of your political opinions, sir, but your information, if you have any,' said one of the country gentle men on the jury, offandedly. ' Well, sir, and I wouldn't part with them for more than you're likely to offer,' returned the man, indignantly, as it seemed. ' But I ain't come here to be brow-beaten by any British aristocrat, I can tell you. If you want my beer you must have it with the wasps and fii-s in it as it draws. D'ye understand ?' . (- I understand that you are a very im pudent fellow. But that is of no conse \- quence If you have any information to tender up,' said the juryman, with anything but an expression of satisfaction. The witness, in fact, excited no very favourable sentiments in any one of the auditors. Bat he seemed either ignorant or indifferent that such was the case. ' I'm no more in love with the company than the company is with me. Only I thought it right to do my best to bring two villnins to justice,' resumed the Yankee. The word two struck like a blow on Caroline's heart. ' You are quite right, sir ; pray speak on,' said the coroner, in a conciliatory manner. His own curiosity was greatly exoited. . ' I don't want to make a long story of it ; I ain't paid by the line like these here newspaper chaps,' resumed the disobliging witness, alluding, uncivilly enough to the reporters present. ' Well, as I daid, didn't I? I took to fixing me up a roost in the pld mill out yonder, making a fire of part of ir, and a shake-down on the floor. You can't come it so convenient with anything else much but an oyater-bed, where you could dine off the mattraas, do doubt. And bo I fixed all snug for the night, nnd eat lcoking.at the fire, and thinking of nothing only wondering if I should see anything of the old ghost they say haunts the place, w}jen of 9- ? sudden I hoar a whistling-like, ? i ? iiwi»i«ii»wwminiiMWPIiw'WWPinHT1IWfl As if a blackbird were piping for hia sweet heart, liae ; only it was a reg'lar tone — and that I knew they seldom come out of cages.' ' Well, Mr. Lflppard, if that is your name] Pray get on,' said Mr. Walter Graham, with nervous anxiety. ' I'm one of those people, sir, who can only get into the saddle from their own horse-stone,' returned the imperturbable Yankee. ' I heerd this whistle, as I said, and at first I wouldn't believe my own ears. But I heerd it again — Lo ! says I, this is something more than common, and I'd better make sure it's no worse than a bird catcher out ; though maybe it's a Christian critter who can direct me to some better shelter for the night. For I felt uncommon queer and lonesome like, I must confess, in that old rat- trap.' 'No doubt,' exclaimed Mr. Worseley, also with impatience ' So I opens an old blinker of a woodon shutter 1 had noticed before sitting down for the night, and looked out. It was a very dark night, but I see two people as clear as buffaloes making for under the mill in a queer, Bnoaking-like way, as if they were about no good. And there they fell a-talking. I have a curiosity of my own, gentlemen, so I thought I'd try and find out what it all meant. So I slides down the steps to the room below, and puts my ear to the craokod flooring, and there I hears what made my blood run cold.' ' We do not want rhetoric flourishes, witness,' said tho coroner. 'What kind of flourishes, sir?' replied the Yankee, with calm inquiry. ' Go on, sir. You waste tho time of the court.' ' It was more wasted before I came in, for I'll stake a dollar you're all in a tarna tion fix how to put the collar on tho right horse,' returned, the witness. ' But you shouldn't interrupt mo, gentlemen. 1 am a plain man, and a little matter puts me out.' ♦' .Could you see tha persons ?' ' I could make a sort of guess what they were like. But I should know them best again by their voices,' replied the true descendant of the Lappards of Black Mill. '* One, seemed to be a young man, and had a remarkable musical sort of a tune to his jaw. The, other, as clear as buttermilk, was an Irishman.' ' What did they say ?' ' The talk at first was about a young woman named Mary. The Irisher seemed to be her father, and there was a good deal of spluttering about her between them. From what I could fix of their sayings the younger one had been making over free in that quarter — more free than welcome — at least in the old one's opinion. And it seems he insisted the young one should do what he could to make an honest woman of her again, and marry her.' ' No, dear, I shall not faint. Let me hear it out,' whispered Caroline, breath lessly, in reply to the affectionate fear in Jalia RuBhton's glance. ' Well, the young one didn't make so much of a difficulty about -that as one would iave expected, for paying the reck oning isn't the best part 6f the feast, you know, gentlemer. And though he said, too, it would spoil him for a much better chance with a rich young lady in these parts. However, he owned he loved his Mary better than any other woman on the 'varsal earth, and said he had been sourvily pitched off by the other one, and owed her a mortification. So it was agreed the young folks should make off together that night from the village, and hold away for Liverpool, where they could be married and embark at once for the States.' 'To Liverpool?'' said the village con stable, making a formal note in his pocket book. ' Oh, yes? but I'll warran't you'll have to track them to New York before you bag 'em, friend,' said Lazarus, with his ugly smile. . 'Proceed, sir,' ssid Mr. Chizzlewft, eagerly. .?-?-' ? 'The old 'un wanted to go with them and see that all was done to contract, but the young 'un wouldn't hear of it. They were sure to be pursued, he said, and if' they went together they would be found as easy as asking. So it was agreed at last; the Irish rogue should make for his own country, and lie hidden awhile among tko bogs till something blew over that warn't a cloud either, nor a daddy-longlegs, but something like the last with its long, flimsy arms and legs. The gallows, I reckon.1' ' Bat was not Eourke to go to Livei* pool too, to get to Ireland V said Constable' Jollie, ready to make another memorandum.' ' No, he waa to give the law a dodge by going to London and shipping for Cork' there,' replied the Yankee Bailor. The memorandum was made. ' What followed ?' pursued the coroner., ' Why, then they began to speak in a lower tone, and I missed a good deal,' re plied the witness. ' But they grew angry with one another, and began to talk louder, and by and by I could make out that there was a dispute between them about the division of some property. I thought at first it was the girl's fortin, but I soon heard what set me on another thinking. , Item, you may be sure of that when I heard it at last arranged that the young man was to have all the notep, in considtr* ation of the danger in having them changed.. Although he had taken care not to enter -- them in his master's note-book, as he ought . to, he owned.' . The sensation produced by these words was of the most marked character. A1 shriek burst out in spite of all her efforts to suppress it from the Irart of Caroline I Sidney. But the witness appeared to attach no particular importance ' to 'the ' statement. ' Had you better not retire, sweet 1 In deed you are overcome,' said Mrs. Pophly to her niece, in honied accents. ' No, aunt, I will hear all, if it kills me.' ' I guessed from that the yousg 'un w- s ? some sort of a clerk, consarned in a rob bery with the oil 'un. But anyhow they agreed at last fo divide, as I have said, the notes going to the yourg thief, and the chief part of the money to the old villain. They had again some dispute about a silver watch, but it was compromised in a friendly manner, at last, though I can't say which of them got it. And -they' turned the conversation on what regularly set my hairs up.' / And the witness, thrusting hia fingers'' into his wiry locks, set them, erect in a' really frightful manner. ' x'here is no occasion to play any of these pantomimic tricks, sir. Tell the jury . merely what it was alarmed you so, said, the presiding functionary. ' Now, wasn't it enough to freeze one worse than a Missouri wiater to hear a young man say quite coolly to his father in-law that he hoped the old watchman wasn't dead ? And to hear the other answer, as composed as a frozen bear, that he was? It was the old 'un had done the actual murder, I suppose, for the next question was, what had he done with tha knife and stick ?' 'Thank Heaven — you say thaf. it was : ? not he that killed the old man T' gasped Caroline Sidney. : ' No, miss, I didn't say any such thing* — I only s'posed that might be the case/* said Lazarus, turning hia viudictive yellow glare full upon her. She was struok spcechl sp. '; ? 'Did you hear nothing decisive on this' point ?' reiterated Mr. Dilnott. ; 'No, sir, to say truth, I was so over taken with a terror over v. hat I heard that ' I became insensible, I do believe, for a moment or two — and I dare say I made some noise that attracted the villains'' attention, for then I thought I distin guished them coming up to me, and I' raised a real awful screech of murder that; ' might have been heard a3 far as this fac tory here— and they took fright in thfeic turr, and cut for it neck and crop. That's all 1 know, gentlemen.' ' And plenty, too — plenty to hang a dozen such rnffiinp,' (xclaimed Mr. Worseley. 'I should think, gentlemen, you need not hesitate on your verdict.' ' I have still one protest to make — hear me,' said Caroline, in a tone of energy that attracted immediate attention. ' This fel low is one of the most luffianly manners—, a prowling woif-like fellow. Had not Mr. ' . Purday come unexpectedly to my aseist anoe when I happened to be at the mill Insb night, ho would have offered tha grossest insults possible to two unprotected women.' ' How was I to know you were a lady, ma'am, abroad at that hour, in such * plnco? But you. canio to s.e your sweet* ? ? ? J Si heart, I calculate, which makes it certaia the young man I heard chattering was the party accused, I guess.' ' Why did you say nothing of all this, man, when I came upon you last night V said John Purday. 'Out of pity to the young lady. I'm a man of my word, aad I'd promised her to let him have a run for it,' returned the impudent rascal. ' What amazing infatuation,' ejaculated Sir Kichard. ' Could you recognise the younger speaker by anything beside his voicp,' said John Paiday, much staggered. ' Look around this chamber, sir, and answer me, on your oath, if you see anyone that bears any resemblance present V Lazinn Lrppard deliberately surveyed person after person of all the excited and breathless groups around him. Augustus Pophly, in spite of their s-cret understanding, trembled and shrunk away. 'I should say the party was a year or. two older than the young gent there — and his hair was likely of a darker color — for he seemed all black but the face. I couldn't well so9 his features, in course — but if anything I should say be was rather like that gentleman there,' pointing to Walter. ' Is there any necessiiy for me, gentle men, to read my notes to you V said Mr. 4...Worsely, turning to the jury. They unanimously replied in the nega tive. ' But, gentlemen, still I implore you to conBidor you have only circumstantial evi dence before you,' exclaimed Walter Graham, but he too despaired of producing any impression. ?'Jit is most astonishing,' said John Parday, ' I will never trust in mortal looks again..: But yet Miss Sidney justly ob serves— and none of you Leppards have a very_,good character in this part of the world,' he contiaued, with a gleam of sus picion crossing his mind. ' Well, sir,' he added, ' can you explain to me how this pea came to be in the mill-yard, and how it was used to make it this color V ' He extended the stained crow quill as he spoke. The Yankee. looked puzzled. Augustus tamed various hues, but did not dare to glance at him, for he felt that John Parday 's eyes wore fixed upon them both. ' O'a, yes, I remember,' said Leppard, at last. ' Kourke wouldn't be satisfied till the young man gave him a written promise of marriage with Mary. The pen was pit eked out of a dead crow's wing, and he pricked his arm for the ink.' ' Had they paper and desk equally con venient, and was the bond written in the dark 1' said Purday. 14 They wrote it on a bank-note, I dis tinctly heard them say so.' Parday had nothing more to say. Augustus also seemed to have resigned his friend's cause in despair. The coroner began briefly to sum up the evidence, but the foreman of the jury, politely interrupting him, announced that they had agreed on their verdict. Wilful murder against Frederick Price, alias Graham, and Patrick Rourke. Caroline uttered a shriek and was borne out insensible. CHAPTER XXXVIII. Lat U3 now r&turn; to our hero, who we have been obliged to leave for a time in order to pat in clear lights the perils and calumnies gathering, like bansts impatient to devour, around him. We parted from him in the friendly pedlar's van at the conclusion of Cjptaiu Avery's Bketch of his own career, and the legend of his remark able ancestor. Dazzled as Frederick doubtless was by the splendid prospects of adventure and wealth opening before him, there was something in the narrative that struck him still' more forcibly. ' Ellen,' ho repeated, dwelling on the name of Avery 'a unfortunate love. ' Ellen, it was my moiher's name. I have never Vno.wfi her by any other ; doubtless by the command of those who, with no acknow ledged right, have taken upon themselves to control my destiny from its earliest com mencemen' .' ' It i3 a sweet-sounding name,' observed the captain, ia a moved tone. *' It sounds to me like a knell, sir. It is associated in my mind with a grave decked with a few wild flowers and roses, which Caroline planted on it when she was & child, because she heard it was mother's. I never knew my mother, and she knew me only for a moment. How strange that E'len should have been oo luoklsaa a name In both instances.' . j* H^os it ptriko you 83 strange ?' ' And then, I have always heard it said my mother's friends — those who attended her to her last obscure resting-place — were military men. The man who won your Ellen from you was an officer, was he not V ' I have told yc-u.' ' And so, coupling these facts with your long-continued and otherwise undeserved interest in me,' exclaimed Frederick, with rising emotion, ' Oh, Mr. Avery, am I not the son of that unhappy Ellen whom you loved V ' You have her winning eyes — some of her matchless features ; the ravon locks are your unwor.'hy fatht-r's.' 'You admit the fact, then?'' ' You have wrung it from me, boy,' re plied Avery, with muoh emotion. 'You see,' he added, afcer a pause, in a more sprightly tone, ' you are entitled to a fall share iu the treasures of oar common ancestor, for your mother was an Avery, too. She was my near relation, and we two were the last of the race.' ' A child of shame — of dishonor,' ejaculated Frederick. ' It is shared,' replied the smuggler cap tain, with compassionate and sympathising feeling in his every tone. ' No, it is not shared. I inherit the load of infamy alone,' said Frederick. ' Oh, it is no wonder that the pure and stainless Caroline spurned me so disdain fully from her affections. And I was led to believe up to the last moment that, sprung from however lowly a source I might be, the channel of my blood was clear and unchecked by so foul a bar on its way.' 'Who told you so?' inquired Avery, with vivid interest. 'A person who presented himself al ways before me as the guardian and pro tector of my youth — who seemed admitted on all hands to be the depository of the secret of my birth, and who assured me with solpmtiity that it was as legitimate as his own.' ' Who ras he — what was he ? That might only bo an equivocatinn,' 'He was called Mr. Walter when he visited Brook, which he appeared to do at appointed periods. That is the only name by which I knew him,' replied the young man. ' Walter ! Well, that don't seem mnch of a surname,' said Avery. ' It should have been Walters, unless he toe ? P might be his way of telling you an un pleasant truth. Did old Price know the secret, do you think V ' I cannot tell ; he gave rue his own name, and declared to everyone he had adopted me as a eon-— yet he always said this strargrr gentleman was familiar with all the facts of my history, and would re* veal them to me at a proper season. But I need not trouble either of them for a communication henceforth since you, Cap t∈ Avery, are aware of the name and rank of my mother's — seducer, muat I call him.' ' But I sworo to your mother never to reveal the name of that man so long as the smallest dang r to him, or hie, could arise from the revelation,' replied Avery. ' Well, what can 1 He and my mother are both in their graves.' ' I know uot — I can but idly guess. Bafc from the prc cautions taken to conceal it from you, my dear Frederick, I cannot but think— if these persons meant you well — -that I 8hould do h&r.m; to yotj by reveal. ing it at present,' returnod Avery' musingly. ' But Mr. Walter himself promised to reveal everything to me on the day when I reached the age of twenty-one.' ' How old are you ?' ' Past twenty, I know.' ' Ay,, but how many months ? What is your birthday V 'I do not know,' replied Frederick, with an ingenuous blush, 'it was never kept at our house — aad it used to make me wonder, I remember, when other chil dren's were in their homes. When the day came I was to be told of it, and not till then.' 'In tracking your father's proceedings, I clearly ascertained he was married just twenty-one years ago, on the first of Janu ary next ensuing, to the Lady Sybella,' observed Avery, profoundly musing. ' In five months then,' said Frederick, in a tone of bitter sadness. ' Ellen had left Mrs. Pritchard's protec tion only three months when I made my inquiries ; your father had been dead a fortnight — married about a month pre viously. Don't you see it is almost im possible V Haid Avery, sadly. ' No, no, do not say so,' responded the youth with eagerness. ' Did yoa not mention that my father's father was a harsh and greedy man — a disciple of Mammnn 1 This Lady Sybella — who was she t Rich perhaps — of high rank, certainly. My father nny have inherited the cold, calcu lating blood of his own — and when my mother perished, have effected his recon ciliation with his harsh senior by conceal ing his first marriage and my birth, and uniting himself with the person chosen for him for having those advantages my poor mother lacked.' ' Oh, if I could think so, what a load of sorrow and regret would it take from my heart ! And E'len was always purity and virtue itself, save on that one lapse,' ex claimed Avery. ' It must be so — I will believe so to my dying hour,' said Frederick. 'Then this Walter — and old Price him self — must be all in a conspiracy to cheat you of your just rights and inheritance,' exclaimed the captain, vehemently. 'No, thab also is impossible. Such a good — such a perfectly gentlemanly man as he seemed. And his sweet wife who made so much of me when I was a obild. And the kind old Price who loved me so well,' said Frederick, puzzled, as well he might be, with the extraordinary nature of the mystery enveloping his advent into the world. ' Strange, too, that they should be so particular about keeping you in obscurity until your twenty-first birthday,' continued Avery. ' I cannot in the least make it out. Property can hardly be ooncerned in the matter ; for if your father was an honest man and married to your mother, he spoke truth when ho alleged himself to be utterly dependent on his father.' ' What need we with a churlish old miser's stores who have the treasures of Sultan Avery awaiting our grasp ?' re turned Frederick with revived animation. ' By heavens, if I were a beggar I would not touch a coio belonging to the old cur mudgeon, whoso heartless tyranny drove my poor mother to despair and an untimely grave. But let us achieve the object of our great enterprise, and I will compel him to do justice to her memory if it costs mo all my aharo in pur seven miUionp and, & half — waa not that the sum, Captain Avery ? —to bring him to book. Name, birtb, everything else are useless to me unless I can obtain the means to convince my Caroline of her unkind error.' Avery smiled rather sadly, remembering doubtless his own Impetuous youth and all its wasted passion. 11 At all events,' he said, with affectionate earnestness, ' I acknowledge you as my only blood-relation on the wide earth, and , equally entitled with myself to all we can wrench from from the custody of-old ocean, of our ancestor's inheritance. But now rest awhile ; we will be early on the move.' The dialogue had been interspersed with needful refreshments. Excitement is seldom hungry, often enough thirsty. Frederick sipped, but did not eat. He now began to' feel drowsy, and gladly availed himself of his friend's recommendation. He had a heavy, uncomfortable sleep, haunted miserable dreams. One in par ticular, though he started awake twice with the agitation it caused, was as constantly renewed. He dreamed that he saw Caroline on the other side of a monstrous iron bar, which as often as be attempted to crosB it, whether by leaping, creeping, or sheer « pressure against it, was successfully opposed' to him by Augustas Pophly. It was part of the torment of this dream that Frederick was conscious of a sentiment of contempt and loathing for bis dexterous antagonist, recent events bad doubtless developed in his heart, but which rendered such a b&ffling; still more annoying to bis imagination. He awoke finally with a beam of light streaming on his face, through a tatter in the tarpaulin roof. Looking up, he per c.ived Avery sitting on a bale, and gazing at him with fixed and profoundly thought ful attention. Frederick felt that he waa tracing the resemblance between him and bis long* lost love, his own mother. A deep senti ment of sympathy and tenderness flooded . his heart, and the mvsteiy of kindred blood ' ? was for the first time revealed to one who had so long deemed himself a solitary, orphan on the earth. ' How glad I am that I have met wilh you, Captain 4yery. What ever Bhould I have done, howshould I have felt without a guide or friend in the world V 'I have found a son in Ellen's son,' replied Avery, affectionately, but rousing himself from his reverie, a melancholy one, no doubt. Who that has endeavored to revive some vanished ideal, whether in the ftash or the spirit, will deem it could be ; otherwise 1 ' You have not slept comfortably, and yet methought I saw an angel sitting by your side,' he added, with a smile. ' Bat oar golden dreams are still to be realised. Those at least Beldom flit into nothingnesB before an adventurous, eager pursuit.' ' But is wealth happiness V 'To you, Frederick, mine shall be,' observed Avery. ' But let us break our fast. I have arranged a plan a little differ ing from my previous views. Othello shall go on with the van to its destination, and I will convey you on board my sail-winged Osprey. We will see about making things in readiness for our grand voyage without delay.' A capital breakf i&t;, considering the kind of locomotive hostel in which it was served, was speedily consumed by the captain and his newly-acknowledged relation. Avery next removed his sooty curls, for which he was indebted to the wig-maker, and proceeded to remodel his toilette in general on a new principle. ' Frederick meanwhile took a bath in A clear pool which he discovered very near at hand. When ho returned he found the Captain in the full costume of his profession, rigged out as the master of a trader indeed, bat with smart anchor buttons on his blue jaoket, and a naval officer's gold band round his cap. He seemed to challenge, not to wish to shun, observation. Avery was still a handsome, athletic mat), though bis face exhibited the anxious lined worn into it by the perils and carea incidental to his way of life. He wtw bronzed and weather-beaten also, and the grey ' somewhat mingled ' with the natural brown of his fine and curling hair. But ha looked a gentleman as well as a seaman } the beau ideal of an old Elizabethan admiral, as elegant courtiers by land as they were fearless mariners and warriors on tha wave. Othello had meanwhile harnessed tha horse into the Bhafte of the van, and made all ready for departure. 'Good'bye, old follow,' oaid Avery, descending the ghnin stepa (\\-j Jje payf ^Frederick return. ' Good-bye, old hundred years. You know what you Have to do 1 \- . You will call at the Honourable Mrs. I IBouchier's as you pass through Brook, and che will select from the parcels whatever «he thinks most likely to 6uit — the market. The rest you .will take as usual to Cant's, 'the Methodist draper, in Canterbury .' The negro bowed his patient old head, ', - Vbut made no reply. ? ' ' One would almost say that poor old ''black could not speak,' said Frederick, as isoon as they were at a short distance from tthe van. ?'.And one would be quite right in say iing aq,1' replied Avery. 'It's a sad stoiy. jI toUhyou how my father took him out of :& slaver on one of his African cruises. He nvas a native of Madagascar, and had ilearned both French and Eoglish from feome of the colonists there. So to prevent This telling the tale of the horrible treachery msed to inveigle himself and his fellow cap tives on board, the wretches, slit his tongue, eo that he can only make a noise like a .macaw now when he speaks. But I under stand him in a measure. Ooly he never -speaks when he can help it, or before ' t strangers.' 'What: a detestable, bomble trade it i-inust be,' exclaimed Frederick, with youth :ful warmth. ' And yet my chief officer — who i3 a ''Yankee by the bye-— worries me worne i than a dog at -a bone to turn slaver. He iia a devil of a fellow, but he is t-serviceable. t don't supposo you will like Vhim much, but for the ship's sake you Bnast try and get over it. I don't dote npou him at all myself, but I have borne 'H him these half dozan voyages because j'-,'^ very useful.' un^ 1 ' the dog is howling,' inter .7'kl, .-k. 'He don't like to be rupted Frederic. Me be ind. ./'*«. ia quite aware of « He don't like but h \ lained it the necessity, of the case. *Vd tQok all to him while you were awt*, .* . ? .- a formal and affectionate farewell' v -^L Baid -Avery, smiling. ' No,' he addt a graver tone, 'it is Othello calling to me. He ha_s something private, as he thinks, I ?suppose, to say to me.' The captain retraced his steps. This painful and inarticulate speech from human organs struck Frederick with a -Bensat ion of dismay and sorrow. And he associated the thought of this poor, maimed fellow-creature, in some inexplic able' manner, in his reflections, with the idea of Avery's Yankee mate. 'I shall hate the fellow,' he muttered to himself, t 'To want to be a Blaverl Why, he might cut throats on the high way, and not be so utterly detestable.' ? Frederick was right. He was destined to hate VLi. Lszuus Leppard — -but not witfhou+- & cause. Not on mere association %ith 8, painful but remote fact like this. /Avery speedily returned. %. ''He had forgotten the password with 'Mrs. Bouchier. I usually wait on her my self, being a lady of distinction ,' he ob tBerved with a smile. ' Do you mean to say she is ? in fcleague with you, sir?' exclaimed Frederick. ?'And has been for years. She iB very trUI connected among the nobility and gentry — and geta rid of all my fine laces and cambrios for me,' replied the smuggler captain, laughing at the astounded look of hia companion. 'Of course I can truBt you with a secret. Years ago I met her going home in a little rickety phaeton drawn by a pony, and proposed how she might ride in a good solid carriage and sport a pair. She is a sensible lady ?' you can't tell how speedily we understood each other.' Ifc was a splendid morning. Tho tem '. pest, of the previous night had freshened the air and brightened the whole landscape with the revived, colors ot vegetation. It was Sunday, and a Sabbath stillness ? reigned over the expanse, Nature herself ? Beemod to, observe the law. Frederick's spii its were calmed at once, v and reanimated with the peaceful aspect of \- the scenes thay traversed and the bright \-- cheerfulness ot the day. Hope began to ''revive in his young heart, and the enthusi : astio conviotions of his companion, bo fer v vently expressed, found an unquestioning . ?? disciplo in him. When they arrived in sight of the sea — s which they did from an eminence which ?overlooks the valley in whioh Dover is ' situated — hie only observation to Captain ? Avery was the word ' Madagascar.' V It shall be our watchword henceforth ' ' until we anohor on the treasure reef,' re turned Avery. ♦? Then it shall be * Caro line.'' And he waved hia cap aloft, ; ^ blush of ploaawre Buffowd wn km cheeks; but he was too much moved to speak. They continued their route through Dover without stopping, passed under the colossal cliffs of the castle, and proceeding along the shingly shore a iew hundred yards beyond reached the hut of Simon Neil. The old fisherman was keeping the Sab bath, too, in his way. He was sitting at the doer of hi3 hut on the keel of his boat, which was turned up to dry, smoking a pipe, and contemplating the monotonous roll of the tide on the shore; probably without an idea of any sort but a vague sense of rest and lull in his aged frame work. 'Ahoy, brother ; you seem to be taking it pretty easy there 1' eaid Avery, ap proaching. The fisherman started, looked up, and a glad expression awakened all the quies cent wrinkles in his visage, as light shining on the bark of an ancient tree. 5 ' Lord love you, sir. Is it your own self, bo soon back V said the fisherman, with a mixture of respect and familiarity, which Frederick thought very pleasing. '' I have sent Othello on with the stuff. I have business more important on hand, and want to clear out as speedily as pos sible. How's the old woman ?' ' She's away to meeting, sir ; she has taken quite reg'lar now, and I can't get her to understand that business is one thing nd religion's another ; and she .sells more a' ve tobacco at these prayer-goes than u. ?«. else, I do think,' said the old anyw er.. -^ ^\8 \x&tA; visage into a smile. man, screwy ,qmber thig unb Neiir 'Doyourem ? to his /onipanion. said Ave.y, turning ,,^ fc ^ hi8 Nel Vw u . t ^ slanting rays eyes with his hands from . Bi.onA;*n ira of the setting sun, the former .^ing be' tween them and him. . 'No, sir— he's a likely-looking , Q8P' but I don't bring to mind to have aeCn him before,' replied the old man, scratch ing his grizzled hair, and then with a usual seaman's action when embarrassed, taking a spotted handkerchief from his glazed hat and wiping his forehead. ' Ha will not know me unless there is a moon to-night, which will be the better for those who have to travel,' said Frederiok, repeating the mystic words he had formnrly exchanged with the old smuggler, when sent on his warning message by the ci-devant Mr. Olaridge. ' Tho very same ; the very same fine young lad that came with the message on Starlight, year* ago,' exclaimed Neil, joy fully. ' So, sir, you Have hooked him at last? What a hankering you have bad after him, almost as long as I can remember your coming about our coast.' ^ , ' True,' said Avery, rather drily. ' Have you seen Mr. Leppard lately ? Did he come ashore on Friday T' ' Yes, sir, and a proper day for him. I don't see any particular luck as he is likely to bring ashore with him — nor for that matter afloat either,' said Neil, his honest though crabbed countenance glooming all over. '* They don't any ot them much tancy this mate of mine. I think I must try and get rid of him, too,' said Avery, in a low tone to Frederick. 'Ihave given him a week's holiday to go inland and try and look up Rome 'friends ,ho pretends to have in this part of England,' he added, after a slight pause. ' I wish he may find them and stay with them. The sailors— the English Bailors, I mean — don't much fanoy him for a commander. They think they ought to have one of their own country over them, and it is a natural feeling. Then Leppard was not brought up regularly to the sea, and he has a touch of the land man in him. I believe hia father wanted to make an attorney of him, in his own office. Imagine what a Yankee attorney must be. But he was too idle, as he himself confesses, for any book trade, so he took to the Bea, But it is my own private opinioq he watte the Hand 8rs6 tcQ hod te bea.? hjm,' ' Why do you keep such a fellow about, y.ou, sir V said Frederick. ' Oh, he is a prying, cunning fellow, and has wormed out all ray stowage secrets. I dursn't discharge him on the coast,' replied the c-iptain, rather evasively.; ' And then, when we are on the American one, where I make some of my best runs, he is invaluable from his knowledge of the country, and his acquaintance with the planters and growers of the produce I chiefly like to risk in. We must lake the good with the bad in men as well as in events. Cjme, Neil, atrip off your Sunday eoafc, and let yoii and I shove this boat do win. I want to be off on board the Oiprey, and Old Nick himself couldn't bail hei from this distance.' (To he continued ) 