NEWS IN BRIEF The Treasurer delivered his budget speech last evening. Sir Philip Fysh, as usual, was brim- ful of hope, but this time he had some- thing solid to go upon. -ie secureld a surplus of £13,000 last year, and estimates that there will be credit balances of £25,000 this year, and £34,000 in 1897. There is a disposition to look upon the aIntter two items as alreadly in hand, but it would be well to remember the old adage. The exports of agricultural produce this year are nearly double in value that of the same period last year. In some plarts of his slpeech lthe Tren surer would have the country believe that the increased prosperity is entirely due to himself and colleagues. Credit is due to the Government for keeping down expenditure, but people will not believe that even the Draddon Government can ensure a gnod harvest and good prices. The Tresurer icndulged in some high falutin over the unemployed value Ltax. H-e then subsided, andi told the House that Ministers did not intend to revive the bill this session. They are going to be content with a Re-assessment B3ill. lThe speech showed that the colony is making solid progress, and was ap plauded by the H-louse. The Premier informed Dr. Crowthler that Ministers did not intend to turn ghost-hunters. Mlr. Wralgge says "Julia" is cominng, presumably looking for "Jo." The good ship "Aquatic Ball" was laid upl last eveni'ng, and the reew ~paid off'. Secretaries Archer and Ritchie re ceived a well-deserved round of praise for the able manner in which they had timoneered the vessel through her suc cessful race; while ?many other's re ceivedl a modicum of the same article for assistance lent in the working of tlhe sh~in. Everybody agreed that she had done very well, and under existing condi tions had sailed her best. After congratulations had been ex changed the combined clubs look over their respective shares of the prize money, and all hands came ashore. Forecast for to-day is-Wlore or less overcast, with passing showers, snow or sleet on the mountains. Disturbance "Julia" is 1500 miles from Hobart. In addition to her cargo from Devon port the s. TOicri loaded 333 tons of potatoes at Buiirnie and Stanley, her full freight totalling 1673 tons. Steamer Coogee took one box gold (;C56,f), 12 tons tin, and 121 bales skins, among other cargo, to Melbourne yes terday. During the week 4,140 tons of produce have been sent to Sydney and Mel bourne. The quotation for potatoes on the coast is-at Stanley, £2 10s; Burnie, the same, aind £2 12s Gd at Devonport. There is a large quantity of pro duce awaiting shipment at Devonport, but as two boats leave for Sydney next week it will be cleared away. Flood-waters are fast subsiding, and the rivers at Fingal and Avoca were rapidly falling yesterday. It is expected that the trains will run right through to-day. Several changes have been made in the Launceston, and Hobart Customs. English mails dated June 6 are due here to-night, and correspondence up to June 13 should arrive on Wednesday next. J upiLUti)UII or e Itescarcn U.LM. Company has been increased to 40,000 shares of Is each. No trace has yet been found of the body of the man who was drowned in the flood-waters at Hobbler's bridge. Search is still being made, but the current is too strong to allow of any thing like systematic dragging boing attempted. Yesterday there was only some 18in. of water over the road near the bridge. The Arbor Day proceedings at Cnmp bell Town on Wednesday wound up with an enjoyable concert at night. Yesterday Mr. McWilliams, M.H.A., interviewed Sir P. O. Fysh in reference to Ringarooma-Gladstone postal mat- ters, his object being to obviate the in- convenience caused by existing hours of closing offices. Messrs. Dalgety and Co. and Lund's line of steamers have secured the Go vernment contract for carrying butter and perishable goods from Melbourne to London. The Minister of Agriculture (Hobart) has received advices from Messrs. Dal gety and Co. concerning the charges for export of produce to London. It is expected that the Victorian Treasurer will deliver his budget about the 28th inst. In the Brisbane Assembly the second reading of the Federal Enabling Bill has been carried. A motion to reduce the number of members of Parliament to one-third has been moved in the South Austra lian Assembly. Among the stud sheep sold at Sydney on Wednesday were 358 Tasmanian rams on account of leading breeders, which realised £2276. Sir Robert Herbert is ill, and Sir Andrew Clarke is acting for him. Germany is excited over certain con cessions said to be won from the Por .tuguese at Delagoa Bay by Great Britain. There was keen competition on the London wool market on Wednesday. Pacific Cable Commission has ad journed until October 26. Linton cycled 31 miles in Englani OTo Wednesday in one hour. 