FORT PRAYNE. By CAPTAIN CHARLES KING (U.S.A.), Author of 'The Colonel's Daughter,' 'Be- tween the Lines,' &c; CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) Thus eagerly, incoherently, the two ranch men said their say. The third, was strange^ ly silent, yet seemed to be full ae eager to get away. 'What say you to this story?' asked the young lieutenant, who had ridden, out to bring them in. '?It's all God's truth!' was the answer. 'You'll be wiped off the face of the earth if you arcacK. uive us some provisions— hard tact, bacon— anything, and some grain for our horses, and let us go.' 'Well, you'll hare to come in and see the commanding officer first,' was the short *e-. ply- 'He'll decide after hearing your story.' 'What's his name?' asked the stranger 'Colonel Farrar.' 'Farrar! Is this the Twelfih Cavalry? I thought they were ordered to Arizona.' 'We were, but the devil's work of the ghost dance keeps us here. Now follow and we'll get you something to eat.' But the stranger said he would go no fur ther to the front 'I'm too near that cursed b?nd now,' he protested, shaking his fist through the wintry air. 'Go you, Mullen, and see the colonel. Get what -help you can. I'm too weak to ride until I can have something to eat.' Even then it was noticed that Mullen and li is friend seemed anything but cordial to I ilit-ir companion. 'Damn him!' they growl eJ. an, sullenly, they left him dismounting at the pack train. 'His saddlebags are crammed with meat. He hasn't suffered. Other men stayed and fought and tried to defend Crawford's ranch and Morgan's. They are dead, poor devils, but that sneak, ?n-ho calls himself Graice, he only came a:nong us six w.eeks ago, and if he ain't a j::-.olbir-l rm no judge. He's afraid to see I Tijur colonel lieutenant. That'3 what I be I ].we.' And when Captain ' Leale heard I \hcir story at the head of tbe column he I e.-illed to his orderly, mounted, and rode I lm-k through the falling snow. I 'Where is that third refugee?' he asked I Ol the pack master, 'that man they call I Graice.' I 'He was here just this minute, sir. He's I -worse seared than the others. He wants to I po on. There he goes now, by God! He's. jiuuiig out oy nimapiT.' Just then there came a movement along :ae column. Every trooper was springing 1.1 his horse. '.'They're mounting, sir.' said ike- orderly. But the captain was staring tixr-dly after the disappearing rider, who c^ppmjr spurs to his jaded bronco was hur rying away. 'Where on earth have I seen umi form before?' said Leale to himself | ?Orderly, ride after that lunafic and bring Li::, in here. What?' he asked, turning rfjickly about in his saddle as a trumpeter mw trotting to his side. 'Move where'' 'Off to the right, sir. The adjutant is k.-Tlinjr me way,' and peering through the iV.st falling flakes, the battalion commander ssw the dim figures of the horsemen already in morion. 'Come on with your packs, Harrv,' he ra;!«i to the chief packer, 'and when that IlHow returns, send him to the front.' Five minutes more and they were sttun iiHug down into the depths of one of the -Wp ravines which opened out from the val ley of the frozen stream to the eastward. Tiit-n, and without a word of command or Ti umpet call^-only the uplifted hand of the i!''op leaders and observant sergeants— the ydumn halted. 'Dismount:' ivas passed in Livr tones from front to rear. 'Silence I :ii;w! No noise, men. Stand to horse!' '''re the muttered cautions, and then once Win the foremost officers gathered in a iv.-.i- group about the two refugees. 'We'll tight with you gladly. Count us sn,'' said one of them, refreshed by a Ion- I pin at Ormsby's flask. 'But that sneak aac slipped away would see you all in hell first. He's a fugitive in more senses than out. That man's fleeing from the law.' 'How do you know? Have you any idea ?filio he is and where he came from?' 'asked Captain Leale. 'I didn't see his face, but f ...UK.' where before this day I've seen, his back.' 'I don't know Mm from Adam. He was on his way to the Black Hills when the In ilniis jumped the reservation and cut us off.. tfu's been afraid to go ahead and afraid to go back, and he's just been staying there tt,j1i us— seemed to have plenty of money, Wit there ain't a white man left alive from it:e to the South Cheyenne now.' And then in silent respect the group open fi and made way for the gray-mustached fKlqjer who rode slowly into their midst and addressed them in low, quiet tones: 'Look to your men and horses, gentlemen. J».-r as that village 3s, I think that all the warriors are not there, and our best plan. ^iii be to attack before they can send and call in those who are watching the pursuing oiumn. We will attack at once.' CHAPTER III. Tl-e snow was falling now in a dense triiite mist, powdering beards and broard l;i;:umod campaign hats and silvering the dusty black of the fur caps of the men. Ob j'-fis fifty feet away were invisible, and all frauds muffled by the soft, fleecy blanket Hi::: everywhere covered the earth. Silently, :?'-[ with soldierly alertness, the officers has ^?iif'd to look quickly over their troops. Si I'-inly the veteran colonel turned once more 10 the front and rode a few yards out be :-»-(] the head of the column and sat there 'p h:s horse, a white mantled statue, peer JJiir intently through the slowly falling li;'.ke.s. ''We- more the moment Bat gets oaek,'' rmniuured the adjutant to Captain Leale. 'ile crawled out to locate the herds and pick our way. There are some cross gul i;s beyond that ridge and down near toe village. Bat says he feels sure most of the ^?;iiTiors are niiles away to the east, but— there are enough and to spare right here.' 'Is Kill Eagle still to be given a chance to Fin-render?' asked Leale. 'That was ihe understanding at one time, wasn't it?' 'That was it—yes, and Bat was to hail as soon as we deployed within striking dis tance. Unless some scouts or the ponies find us out, we can creep up under this-* snow cloud to within a few yards, and they'll be ioue the wiser. The colonel hoped that ihe- show of force would be ample and that ihe o'.'l scoundrel would throw up the sponge Tijrlu' here, but— I don't know,' he added, doubtfully. 'If only the -women and child roii weren't in that village, it -would be sim tfp enough. We could pitch in and double tiKm up before they knew /what struck tiu'ni. As it is ? ' and here the young officer broke off with a wave of the/aaiitt that meant yolumes of doubt Then he turned and looked eastward again to where, silent and statuesque still, Colonel Farrar ''as seated on old Bode'rick. ' J J \ The same thought seemed to occur to 'both |eflicc-rs at the -same' instant. OrmsbVi^onee' I^.tq testing thei 1«^^ orchis revplyef 16ft* Narrowly obserFlaa^jJe new comrades, ' re parked it at the time and- spoke of it often. J:f;reafter. ''Can't you make him keep well back?' sked Leale. . ? '?'.', 'Won't you remind the chief he oughtn't ho be in the front?' asked the adjutant I And then each shook his head, as though |f'.ilising the impossibility of getting their pM war horse of a colonel to take a position p'iiere he would be less exposed to the fire l*f tbe Indian marksmen. ;? I 'You might give Mm. a tip, Ormsby,* said: Itae adjutant, in the cheery confidence ihe comradeship a few days' campaigning en gendera 'You are his guest, not his su bordinate. Tell him what the Seventh ?thinks the colonel should do,' he added, with an attempt at jocularity that somehow fail ed to provoke a smile. But Ormsby in turn shook his head. 'I taven't known your colonel a week,' said he, 'but I've learned to know him well, and ?when he means to go in, all you've got to do is to go, too. That's what I've mipped out for myself, and doubtless so, too, have these gentlemen,' he continued, :ndicaiing tlie two ranchmen, now eagerly fingering their Winchesters and getting ready for busi ness. The elder of the two it was who answered; ','No man who has been through what we have, and seen the sights and heard the sounds of their raids on the ranches down the Fork, would do less than thank God for a ttajE.ce of meeting those brutes on any thip.? like equal terms. My poor brother lies there, hacked and scalped and mutilat ed; his wife 'and daughter, I believe, are somewhere among those foul tepees now, un less God has been meiciful and let them die day before yesterday. We fought as long as -there was a show, and we got away in the dark. These poor women wouldn't leave their dead.' A tear was trickling down his cheek as he finished speaking, but his lii'-s and jav.s were frm set. 'You gent?«nen,'' he con tinued, 'aie going into this thing just from souse of duty, but think what it is to me and to young Crawford here. His oM father and mother were just butchered, by God:— butcuered— and the worst of it is thai: if that damned hound Graiee had stood by him ten minutes he might have got them safely away. They were too old to make any time, and It was no use. That fellow's a white-livered pup, and if I ever come upon him again I'll tell him what I think of him.' j 'I wish you had seen that fellow, Orms- j by,' said Leale in a low tone. 'The more : I think of it, the more I feel sure he had j sou.e reason for fearing to meet our party i here. They tell me he seemed excited and \ worried the moment he heard we were the j Twelfth Cavalry. I only saw his back as ! he rode away, but I've seen that man before^ somewhere. He rode like a trooper, and it's : ten to one he's a deserter.' ! 'He's a deserter this day if he never was before,' said Ormsby in reply. 'I judge we need every man, do we not?' 'Looks like it,' was the brief reply. 'All right, gentlemen.?' he continued, turning with courteous manner to the two younger ; officers, his first and second lieutenants, j who came striding up through the snow, j Lea It was famous in the cavalry for his '; subalterns. He had the reputation of never speaking hastily or harshly, and of getting more out of his men than any captain in the regiment. 'Ali right, sir!' was the prompt reply, j 'Every man in my platoon boiling over with j ginger,' added the younger, his blue eyes j flashing, though his cheeks were pale and his lips twitching with pent-up excitement. 'I see the guidon is being unfurled, Cra- 1 mer,'' said the captain quietly. 'Perhaps I Sergeant West wants to land it first in the j village, but tell him to handle his revolver I instead, if we charge,' and touching his fur \ cap, the officer turned back. 'The colonel j ha» said nothing about the plan of attack, j We may be going to charge right in, for all I know. Ha! Ormsby, there comes the word.' Looming up thi-ough the snow a young German trooper rode rapidly back toward the little group, and, reining in his horse a few yards away, true to the etiquette of the craft, threw his carbine over his shoulder and started to dismount before addressing officers afoot, but Leale checked him. 'Never mind dismounting, orderly. What's the message?' 'The colonel's compliments, sir, and he 'would wish to see Captain Leale a minute, and the command will mount and move slowly forward.' Irstantly the group dissolved, each officer turning quickly to Ms horse and swinging j into saddle. No trumpet signal was given. '??'Mount,' said Leale, in the same quiet, con versational tone. 'Mount,' repeated the first sergeant, halted alongside the leading sst of fours, and, all in a few seconds, the burly forms of the riders shot up in the ed dying fleece, and every horse, far back as eye could penetrate the mist, was suddenly topped by -an armed rider. Then, first thing, the fur-gloved right hands went up to the shoulder and drew over the little brown carbines and drove the muzzle through its socket. Then, in the same soldierly silence the horsemen e3ged in toward the centre of each set and there sat, boot to boot, erect and steady. One or two spirited young horsec began to paw the snow in their im patience, and to snort eicifvdly. The ad jutant trotted briskly back along the column in order to see that all four troops were similarly ready, cautioned the rearward troop leaders to keep well closed on the head of the column and signaled 'For- ward!' while Leale disappeared in the snow clouds ahead. * Not knowing what, else to do, Ormsby ranged alongside the senior lieutenant of Leale's troop, as in perfect silence the column bore steadily on. A few seconds brought them in sight of the colonel's form again, and he waved his hand cheerily, as though to say, 'All right, lads, come on.' Then, sitting Roderick as squarely as ever, the grey-mousfcached commander took the lead, a swarthy half-breed Sioux scout rid ing on one side, the grave, soldierly Leale on the other. The adjutant, the chief trun^ peter, sergeant major, and orderlies fell in behind, and the crack battalion of the old Twelfth rode noiselessly in to take position for the attack. For perhaps a hundred yards they follow ed the -windings of the ravine in which they had been concealed, had concealment been necessary.- Then, turning abruptly to his le-^t as . he passed a projecting shoulder, Lit/le Bat looked back and motioned to the colonel, 'This way.' And. then the leading horsemen began to ascend a gentle and al most imperceptible slope, for the snow was sifting down so thick and fast that the sur face was invisible thirty feet ahead. 'We might ride square in among them at this rate,' muttered the sergeant-major to his friend, the chief trumpeter, 'and never know it until we stumbled into the tepees.' 'How far ahead is it?' asked the latter. ' 'A mile, they say. We'd be deployed by this time if it were less.' , Less than five minutes of gradual ascent, and the crest of the divide was reached, an-d, one after another, every horseman re alised that he was then on tbe downward slope of the eastern side. Somewhere ahead, somewhere between this ridge and its near est neighbor, lay the hostile village, all un conscious of foemen's) coming, looking for disturbers as yet only from the'eastern Bide. OlS cavalrymen used to declare their Horses could smell an Indian villager before- the sharpest eyes could 'sight' it, ? and the packers swore the etatemoit was true, 'if it -sf«» only made ;--f the inule.' ?_-. '. *The scolonelknowa* He Basn't .forgotten, you bet;' was the comment; ai again the or derly.'rode swiftly f earward -rwitjh orders for the pack: train, to ialt^ust ^estvpf the cre^t,; 'and' -fhen ^werjF ^2nan* ?eeraned^to know ~€b&$ yfctfe j^lllage flguldn^t -fce far a^ead, and some -hands TtfenWiiieFroiiiaty ijjj ??$$& lujjster.^flapsi others loosened the carbines an their leather sockets, and men took furtive peeps at- one another's faces along tiie^shaddwy colunin, and (tjhen at their officers -riding so confident and erect along the left flank. And still no man could see more than the depth '~pt three sets of fours ahead. . 'Ain't we going to; dismount, and go afoot?' Siuttered a yonng recruit to liis neigMx-r- 'I thought that was the -way we always did.' .-;??? : '. ?'Of course; Iwhen one: could pee to vshoot and 'would be- seen himself anywhere within five miles,' was the disdainful answer. 'Wliat'd be the good of dismounting here?'^ And now in places the horses plunged' deeper into the snow and tossed up drifting clouds of feathery 6pray as the ^column crossed some shallow ruts in the eastward face, and then once more, snakelike, it be gan to 'twist and turn, following the trael$ of those invisible guides, and then it seemed to take to evil courses and go spluttering down into sharp, .steep-baniked coulees, and scrambling out again on the other side and still the sure-footed horses tripped ? nimbly on, and then, presently, his eyes a-fcwinkle, the adjutant came riding back. 'Just half a mile ahead, Billy,' he mur mured to the lieutenant riding in Leale's place at the head of the first troop. 'Form left front- into line and halt. Til post the other troop.' Quickly the young officer reined out of column to the left about. 'Keep straight to your front, leading four,' he cautioned. Then barely raising his voice and droppisg for the time- the conventional commands o£ the drill book, he rode back along the column, saying 'Left front into line,' until all the rearward fours -were obliquing; then ?back to the front he trotted, halted the lead ing set, each of the others in succession rein ing In and generally aligning itself, all with out a sound that could be audible ten yards awsy. Almost at the same time the second troop headed diagonally off to the left, and presently rode up into line with the first, while the third and fourth were halted in similar formation at troop distance in rear. 'By all that's glorious, we're going in mounted!' was tie word that seemed to thrill down along the line. 'Then we're not isoing to wait — not going to give him a chance to surrender.' Another moment and the . word was, 'Hush! silence there!' for dimly seen thiough the drifts, the colonel, with his lit tle party of attendants, came riding to the front of the line. Long, long afterward they 1-einembered that clear-cut, soldierly, hi^h-bred face, with its aquiline ncse, keen, kindly, deep-set eyes, the grey-white mous tache, snow-white now, as was his close crepped hair. 'Men,' said he in the firm tones they had known so long and well, 'fully half th'e band are some miles away, but Kill Eagle, wiLii over a hundred warriors, is- right here in our front; so, too, are his women and children; 90. too, worse luck, are some of our own unhappy captives. You all know the first thing those Indians would do, were we to attack as usual, would be to murder those poor white women. This snowstorm is in our favor. We can creep right in upon thtu fcefore we charge. The ponies are down in the valley to the south. Let the first line dash straight through the village and stampede the herd, then rally and re turn. Let tlie second follow at a hundred yards and surround the tepees at the east ward end— what white -women are with, them are there. The Indian men, as a rule, will make a dash in the direction of the ponies. Shoot them down wherever you can, but, mark my words now, be careful of the wo men and children. I had intended summon ing Kill Eagle to surrender, but we did not begin to know he had so many warriors close at hand, and did not know about the captives. Bat has seen, and that is enough. There is no other way to settle it. It's the one chance of rescuing those poor creatures. Now «keep together. Watch your officers' commands and signals and spare the squa-ws and papooses. Be ready in two minutes.' And then every man took a long breath, while the colonel rode through- to say simi lar words to the second line. Then, return ing, he placed himself just in tfte rear of the centre of the first squadron, the second line noiselessly advancing and closing up on ihe leaders, and then he seemed to think of another point. 'Ask Mr. Ormsby if he will ride with me,' said he to the adjutant. 'Now, Leale, for ward at a walk. Follow Bat. It's all level ahead of you. You'll sight the village in three or four minutes.' The tall, stalwart captain touched his hat, took off his 'broadbrim,' shaking away a loau of snow, and spurred out a little -to the frort. There, looking back to both his rigt and left, he gave the signal forward, and with almost a single impulse, the long dark rank of horsemen, open at the. centre in aii interval of some half a dozen yards, without other sound than the slight rattle of accoutrements and the muffled1 rumble of five hundred hoofs, moved steadily forward. A moment the colonel sat and watched them, smiled a cordial greeting to Ormsby, who, pistol in hand, came trotting over with the adjutant, then signaling to the second line, he gave his horse the rein, and at a steady walk foEowed close to the centre of Leale's command. In his hand at the mo ment he held a little pocket compass, and smiled as he noted the line of direction. 'Almost due south-east at this instant,' said he. 'We ought to bag our game and be well across the Mini Pusa with them In less than an hour.' Unconsciously the pace was quickening. Foremost of all, well out in front of the 1 centre, rode the half-breed Indian guide, | bending low over Ms pony's neck, his black, ! beady eyes peering ahead. Well out to the j right and left were other scouts, eager and j alert, like Bat himself. Then, squarely in the centre, on his big, powerful bay, rode Leale, commander of the foremost line, and Ormsby's soldierly heart throbbed with ad miration as he marked, just before Leale was hidden from view, his spirited, confi dent bearing, and noted how the eyes of all the line seemed fixed on their gallant leader. And now some of the horses began to dance and tug at the bit and plunge, an8 others tp take a jog trot, for the Indian scouts were at the lope, and their gesticulations became every moment more vehement, and then Bat was seen, though visible only to the first line, to grab bis revolver, and Leale's gaunt leted hand almost instantly sought the hols ter, and out came the ready Colt, its muzzle raised in air. Out in quick and ready imi tation leaped a hundred more, and instinc-. tively the jog changed to a lively trot, and the dull, thudding hoofs upon the snowmuf fled earth rose louder and more insistent, and Ormsby, riding at the colonel's left, gripped tighter his revolver -and set his. teeth, yet felt his heart was hammering loud, and then dimmer and dimmer grew the first line as it led away, and still the colonel's firm hand kept Roderick dancing impatient ly at the slower gait, and then, just as it seemed as though the line would be swal lowed up in snow and disappear from view, quick and sudden, two muffled shots were heard from somewhere just in front, the first syllable perhaps of some stentorian shout of warning, and then one magnificent burst of cheers and a rush of charging men, and a crash and a crackle and ^putter of shots, and then fierce rallying crys and piercing screams of = women and of terrified little ones, and like some huge human wave the first line of the: Twelftai'rode on and oyer and -through' ilie startled' camp, and bare like a whirlwind, y^lrng down upon , the pony herds beyond.. ?- '-?-? ;; - And now 'comes ihe turn pi the second line. . Seeking. sheLfer;fr-pm ihe' snowstorm, -warriors,, 'women, aao.4 children were for flie most part ^&m; 'the tehees, as the 'line crashed in. Sbmejfejv were, with the miser able captives, but at flife. first, sound of dan ger eyerj* ?warrior -iad seized Ms rifle' and . rushed fdr;-the.oflen iSr'.;-. Some few, ..fiirow-: ing fhemiselves upOnVflieir- faces, flried wild £hote at the foremost troopers vas;they*SLme bounding ^njogji^tot ^ is. ja ^JFale'^My^a'-.fe^ -opposed their passage, so sudden was the ;shock. : ' 7 :?'/' ~'\\. ' .'?' :- '.- : ' ' :y':'. ?'']:,'? a-,v. '?[ ;??:,;,? '?/?(^??*6;-co^n|^-'.':..i-i4 ????.?;-.;? . .???'?'. 