When M^as Magnolia carefully "wi^irew .the" dress Cram the great cedar itruiA^ bi^irined the olddash*ask table cloth which enve3oped it, afcd spread iiiit itsehining folds for the adrarication of bet niece, 1Ro^ne, mat young' iady ciaeped Her pretty hands and quoted Resits; - r "A thing "otf'beautyls a Joy for ever;" she said. T'vr'-' Miss. Magnolia nodded and soisled. She was e^U aJttd toundand brown as a (maiden lady-of a deeidtdy certain age couldbe. ffiut her heart, which," bad been foil ofsentanent once, was a warm and sensitive organstill. lAawL she took a deal of inferest in Rosine's romance J *Yes, my clear, it i£ a thing of beau ty, And to think X never wore It but twice f I>ear, ©ear!" . . "Yon * had a lover then, auntie?" asked jtoslnfe. ^Tfee, pet. TEtols was jone. of. the dresses I got for my marriage. ®ut ~ lie went away-on business, he said and he never came back. It is just the gawn for-your fancy dress hall," hurried on Miss Magnolia. "A trifle short, of course, but there is <jufte a piece turned in at the top that you could let down. Ton shall go as a, lady of long ago.*' "?Not so very long ago" protested ^Rosine, with a laugh, '©ut really, auntie, I don't iike to take it; -It Is too lovely." 'Wot for a raimant of war ? Ste memJber. you are going' to conquer the dragon!" That is so. 'And the master should have ? written, - Thriee is she anmed who wears a pretty dress. * The foe against whom Miss Rosine Wilde purpose arraying herself was the obdurate uncle of her handsome lover. He had promptly and perverse ly opposed the marriage of his nep hew. The young fellow would have Ignored the refusal of his relative were it not that the old igentleinan bad always been, very kind to him; bad, indeed, taken the place of his dead .father. Sb he had decided that (Rosine should meet his uncle, and put his prejudice to rout. "He is coming to visit an old fri end of his," Cfrril had said-"Judge Oharteau. You know the Cbarteau family. Of course you have heard they are going -to give a fancy dress ball next month in honour of the com ing of their daughter Disette. Ton will receive a card. You will attend. You will meet Uncle Albert, and you will -take his heart by storm 1" Hopefully he- bad planned his scheme; enthusiastically had he ex plained it ®nt :®osme protested. It was to be a ^hand ball, and she had nothing to wear. Besides, she did not like the idea of plotting to make a person like her. And-" 'Bless yon!' cried , Cyril, Tie doesn-t dislike you. >1 don't believe he even knows your name. His-resentment is general, not particular. As soon as I told him I was in love with ajgoutbern girl, he-be (I have to drop into slang, 'Rosine)-be sat square down on me. It seem® a southern girl jilted him when be was young, and he is bound to save me from a iike awful fate. sBut when he once sees ya?u he is bound to capitulate. He is a regular old bride-Uncle Albert!' <But I have nothing to wear. And what is more, I cannot buy a dress for the Oharteau balL We-Aunt Magno lia and I-are as poor as the proverb ial church anice." (But just then Miss Magnolia came to Rosine's relief, like a regular little fairy god-mother. 'The very thing T she cried-''my primrose satin.' * -Bosie regarded her dubiously, de lightedly. iShe knew her aunt had al ways guarded jealously her trunkful of treasures, her jewels, her laces, her rich, stiff, glistening old brocades. 1>o you meaai it, auntie?' M5s& Magnolia's bright old -eyes winked very rapidly indeed. "I do, my. dear. I was young once myself/. And that was how Bosie Wilde came to be the belie of Mine. Gharte au's fancy- dress ball. The proposed festivity had been the talk of New Orleans for several weeks. The. night long anticipated wascool, crisp, sweet and pearly. The broad balconied old residence of St. Charles street was brilliantly lighted up. iMany a carri age rolled «pp, rolled 08L .Whea Rosie descended from the barpuehe of Iter chapwon, she felt somewhat nervous, .though conscious she*was looking re markalbly »weH-as, indeed, she .was. jQuile a picture was the pretty young figure m the dinging gown of pale yellowish satin, picturesquely puffed and quaintly fashioned. The corsage, cut roundly, revealed. the firth, full throat. '? Dainty moose-skin swathed the arms, which. If Mender, were also exquisitely rountied, and the email, olive-tinted fiace 'was lit to 'loveliness fey pansy b&a;*& eyes. A flash of ador ation, succeeded the serene nonchal ance of Cyril Rodney's countenance as he caught sight of her. He made his ^way to her side: \- t- 'Queen itosine r he murmured. Ton're by far Hie prettiest girl bere to- night Poor Uncle Albert ? How -complete will be his surrender V She swept Him a mocking courtesy. *iA3i V she said, smilingly, *if that conviction were not mine---' The sentence ended in a long, soft sigh. 3Si tu pas gagne,' he began. K5on found It, I never can get my tongue around your creoleisms! The saying is, however, that if there were no sighing in the world, the world would stifle. Now prepare to face the mus ic !' Ami off he went, fie soon return ed. By his side was a sturdy old gen tleman. Rosine's heart beat more rapidly. The dragon !' she said. Silvery hair Jitad the dragon. A dark moustache had the dragon. A florid leomptexjon iiad tfcje dTagOn. And a manner that was grave, digni fied, courteous. 'Uncle A&bert;,* explained Cyril, with boyfish eagerness, this is Miss Rosine Wilde/ 'Wilde!' The oM gentleman s ed erceptiWy. He looked at the blusii ing girl, at the yellowish gown. He bowed. lAnd, avowed young; Rodney, send ing a swift smile of encouargement, 'and-the young lady of whom I spoke to you.* 'OhF exclaimed ASbert Ellsworth. Then interrogatively. IWfiJde? "Wias your father's name Oiayton Wilde?' Rosine assented. 'And your mother's maiden name was Magnolia K-ingsliy T 'Oh, dear, no! Aunt Magnolia was never married. My mother's name was Madeline Kssngsley.® *EJhf cried the dragon. The florid <color had faded from her cheeks. He was togging nervously at his dark moustache. He looked agita ted and perplexed. ?My mother died ten years ago, said Rosine. 'and since then I have lived with Aunt Magnolia.' Mr. (Ellsworth regarded her grimly. 'Is that,* he asked abruptly, 'your aunt's gowtt yon have on?' The soft rose fire in the girl's cheek deepened. . '.How in the world did you knowT she counter questioned. >s A queer wavering smile was his only reply. ^ «A constrained silence ensued. Cyril gaive his urate an astonished glance. 1S» "Magnolia is an old maid T said Mr. Ellswuirtib, abruptly. If she is,' cried Rosine, stung to de fence by a remark she considered rude, *it 4s Ibeciause she was true to an. unworthy lover.* «Eh P ejaculated Mr. Ellsworth more sharply ten bejfore. And sud denly he turned and walked away. The following day lie insisted on ac companying his nephew to the gaunt, ramshackle, onte aristocratic old house in the French quartet -where Rosine lived . Afe they were passing the vault ed entrance to the little flagged court yard, AKbert Ellsworth caught sight olf a familiar figure moving among the potted palms arid boxes of blooms. "Gon on, laid V he said to Cyril. He &ad; paused, and was looking through the brief avenue of gloom: to tflie tightness beyond. Syril was albout to question this new vagary, when the thought of a pecu liar possibility made titm catch his 'breath and' do as bidden. He knocked at the barred back door and was ad mitted to ©osine's radiant presence. And meamwfoile his uncle went into the courtyard. The little oM lady stand' ing by the banana tree looked op at the sound' oif the step on the stones. IMlagnoliia!' lie cried. {Miss MSaguoKa gazed ait him in a dazed, IfilMrigihtened way. Dad ghosts ever appear in the daytime "i Stouter iSiSan lie "whoan she had known, and with.. hair gtown. grey, but - the same. Around her, in} a* £anitas?fcie Sffaifije, Hie broken. fountain, tshe louf Seared Sbanana. trees, and tihe giant oleandesns weat wMriiaiig. JSlie didn't <faint, but -she capme neairet to it than she hadeiver come in.herli£e. H>o you tlmfli I 2i!3fi deserted you, Magnolia) ? Wfcenl tej%iy©ii, <lx> go .Norfti on boisiness, I beltered In y«Mi as Fve never believed in: anyone sine©. ;As4 vcOdle aispay rfifeaMtand'^BEWid flfeat you had msmed that jioain^ iWild® I ^seQ to be «o jealous or. 450 I "Went to Europe, and I stayed there -*" 'But Clayton. Wildo married Made line. I always told you lie came to see her.® 'Yes, I knoiw tihat-noiw. I -was a ifool to have foeen so easSy convinced of your £a3sity. You haven't changed a bit. I knew yoia the moment I saw yo>u.* ' aiiss Magnolia smiled delightedly. tShedid -not know he toad expected to see her . - 1 never ft>rgot the dress you wore the last tiime I saw you,* declared Mr , Ellsworth, waxing fervent, i recognis ed it on yoatr niece last night.' *Dast night ? Are you-surely you are not the dragon ?' 'Wha-afc ?' fThe -the dragon !' afTtered Mies ATagnolia. (Mr. Ellsworth still looked blank. sTihait,' muinmeiired the little lady, Reeling dhe was In for it, and might as well make a dean, ibreast, *was ;what Bosine and I called Cyril's uncle. And -Ilosine was going to conquer him.' He burst out laug!hinsg. 'Well, she did. TSie Jboy shall marry Madeline's pretty daughter. 'And you, ?Magnolia. shall marry me!' jOTi. dear no; I'm too old1 !'? "'Not a day.* 'And ugly-now.' liOYfiest woman in the world- to 'me,* insisted the dragon, loyally. "Bless you, my children,' cried a voice tfroan aJbove. "die pair in the courtyard glanced up. On one of the inner /balconies stood Rosie and Cyril. 'Vanish, you scaampss,' roared the dragon. *1 Shan't allow you to marry a Southern girt, sir!' shouted Cyril, as he and Rosine beat a retreat. Laughing and breathless, they (faced each other in the old drawing-room. ^Everythinjf is lovely, sweetheart!' cried Cyril, in an ecstasy. 