KYNETON WESL.EYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSABr. The anniversary' of the above church was celebrated on Sunday when the Ilev W. T. BLackwell, 1LA_ of Albert Park, Melbourne, officiated at both services. There was an appropriateness in such an arrangement, for the reverend gentleman years ago was a scholar attending the Sunday school connected with the church, and was present when the foundation stone of the building was laid. The congregation at each service was excellent, and the collections may similarlybedescribed. At each service a special anthem was rendered. Tliat in the morning was " I will sing unto the Lord." Duets were taken bv Miss Johnsou and Mr T. E. A. Casties; anii by the latter and Mr H. Casiles. The evening anthem was Rejoice in the Lord." The solo was^sung by Mr A. Jolinston; the trio by Misses Campbell and Mr A. Johnston; and the duet by Miss Vale aud Mr Max Caklcs. The Kev Mr Blackwell's morning text ivas part of the 24th verse of 1 Kings xviii—" The God that auswereth by fire, let Him be God." This was the test submitted by the prophet Elijah as rhampion of Jehovah, and accepted by the 8">0 priests of Baal and of the grove, to decide whether Baal or Jehovah was tiie true God. Referring to the contending parties it was remarket! that on the one side were all that the world regards as necessary—education, influence, wealth, and the power of the State. Oii the other fide was wliat the world regards as a mere myth—the invisible power of God. The people of Israel were not open idolaters. . They.hacL not wholly forsaken the God of Israel so far as outside circumstances were concerned. Professing still to worship Jehovah they worshipped the false gods of the surrounding nations. claiming to be advanced and broad-minded in their views, and liberal in. adapting false religions to the worship of J&ovah.; The bulk of tlie Christianity of today was just such a hybrid thing as the pecyle of Israel had, and its professors ihad not the courage to be atheists—they served the world and wanted the favor of heaven. Outwardly such professors were Christians, but in their true life of every day they were only worldlings, different in no respect from moral men who made no profession of religion, and when men stood as did Elijah asking them how long they would halt between two opinions, they asked what those fanatical preachers were raving about, and tried to take all they wanted from both sides, priding themselves on steering " a middle couree." The result of tiie test was the failure of Baal and the manifestation of the power of Jehovah. The fire which consumed Elijah's sacrifice was not a mere sign but a reality, consuming what was naturally incombnstible as well as that which was combustible. But that tire had also a moral action, for it consumed the unbelief of the people of Israel aud compelled the verdict \- The Lord He is the God." In the beginning of Christianity there was need for the sign of fire, and on the waiting disciples there came the fire of the Holy Ghost in evidence of the fact that Christ's work was complete. That fire was outward and -visible, but it worked also iu their hearts, consuming unbelief. selfishness, and every worldly thing, and cleansing from every sinful stain. And the world knew it, and within a few days five thousand persons professed to find Christ as their Saviour. In the Dark Ages, when religion was brought to consist, in externals, the fire liad burnt low, bnt God bad not left the sign wanting; the darkness was driven away and the true light shoue. Argument! would not convince the sceptical: the power r of the Holy Ghost was the only power that could save'a soul. The spread o£ Christianity, the wealth of the church and its numbers, labors and writings might be pointed to. but all to 110 purpose, whereas if there were iu men the power of the Holy Ghost none could gainsay it. That was the power which could convert the scolding tongue, make the drunkard sober, the indifferent earnest, and transform the frivolous girl into the earnest Christian worker, and replacc selfishness with love. In the face of evidences men might scoff, but they did not convince themselves tliat religion was false. What the world wanted to-day was the lire of the Holy Ghost touching men's lives : that was the only cure for spiritual dearth and desolation, either in individuals or in the church. At evening service the text taken was ~ He that overcometh shall inherit all things"— llev. xxi. 7. The existence of obstacles to success was God's universal law. Obstacles were inseparable from a limited existence, and as the scale or grade advanced it was found that obstacles were increased in number and intensity. Tlie highest form of life was the spiritual, aud in connection with it the greatest perils existed because of the greater obstacles, and yet the power to overcome was placed within the reach of all men. The text was illustrated by references to the success which had attended the efforts of the settler subjugating the wilderness and the forest, and developing fitness far residence and life. Those who had attuned distinction in any walk of life had been those who had overcome obstacles, and this was eminently true in the spiritual world. The versefollowing the text' was a catalogue of horrible characters who found their part in the lake that burnetii with fire and brimstone. They were the failures, and the first specified were the fearful and unbelieving—or the cowards. Cowardice was the first step in a downward career, and the man who feared and cast blame on God, or on his surroundings was unworthy of eternal life. All other forms of sin were the result, of cowardice and unbelief. How to overcome was explained in the terms of Ecv xii, 11—By the blood of the Lamb." Overcoming began at the foot of the Cross, when pride, will, and unbelief were overcome, and the inheritance was the continued bust in the Saviour and enduring to the end. The sermon concluded with an earnest exhortation, especially to the young, to enter on the .life of conquest. The customary tea meeting was not held, a lecture being substituted last evening. There was a moderate attendance. The Rev J. M'Bride briefly reviewed the ; last year, referring feelingly to the death of ,1 oshua Morris (one of the .trustees) and of the Eev W. H. Scott (St Andrew's) ;and thankfully to the success attending the missions held by Mr Hood and the.BcvD. O'DonnelL Mr Blencowe, secretary and treasurer to the trust, explained that there o f mo tel meeting because that of last year resulted in ' a cash loss. ; During the year the ehurch had contributed altogether nearly £314, including marriage fees.. Hiepast year iutd Jjecb jiros^ perous in a spiritpal sense, anlhe hoped for a more prosperous jear every way. The balance sheet showed the Teoeigts "for' the year- at £10113s Id (including a private loan of £50) and the expenditnie {including £15 paid to ; the Jnbilee Loan Fund) left a credit balance of £10 Ss 4d. TUe liabilities amotuited to ilUllsTd. Mr C. H. Matters, of Melbourne, then occupied marly an hpur - in lecturing under the title of ''Constantinople; its splendour and sqnalpur." Affcrwards a scries of views descriptive'of a 'toni- from San Francisco ca£tw£r<l$ CfmstpntapQJile "yere sljiiwn by means'df Mr Elliott's' sciopticon kindly lent and by himself. A vote of thanks to Messrs Matters and Elliott, bnthc Jmbtioh pi Mr Ble&owe; and SevJ. M i Bridc,tonclD 