The New Learning. — Schoolboys Cramming. .Miss A. C. Graham, of Anerley, England, received a prize from the University Correspondence for the best c >1 lection of " schoolboy bowler's," from which collection tlitse selections are taken: — Esan was a man who wrote fables, and who sold thie copyright to a publisher for a bottle of pot ash. — Titus was a Roman Emperor, sup posed Iq hii'-o written the Epistle to the Hebrews; bis other natpe ' was Oates. - When he was in prison, he wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" and mariied a lady called MrsO Shea. — Wesl-y was the founder of tbe WeBleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Tjord Welling-: ton ; a monument was erected to him in Hyde Park, bnt -it has been taken down lately. — What is Divine Right? The liberty to do what yen like in churph.— Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion, in Vtha- reign of Henry Yin. He said He was the son of a prince, but he was really the son of respectable people,— Phoenicians— Tha inventors of Phoenician blind?. — Wate:» shed — A place in which boats ore stored in winter.— Cynical— A cynical lump of sugar i3 one pointed at tbe top — Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption. — Hamlet was very weakminded. Fond of study.. Butwas.too weak to fulfill his duty which theGhost had told him. He was very good to hie mother. He pro ains madness, he really only put it1 on bat some poople say he was mad. One day when he was fighting tho king hsked bim if be would have something to drink & be had pouin in it & Hamlet said he wonld wait the Queen took it. & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies. — What do yon nnderotand by the Augustan age in English literature ? We mean the time of Caedmon, who flourished and wrote "Comns" about the time that St. Angus- tine converted the people of Kent. — Briefly describe tbe heart and its function vl iVvin. auo ucotv AO tt LUUilUol shaped bag. The heart ia divided into several parts by a fleshy petition. These parts are called right artillery, left artillery , and so forth. The fnnotioh of the heart is between the Innga. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.— What are the metamorpbio rocks? Rooks that contain methapors. — " What iB the matter P" queried a teacher. "You seem to be rather, uncomfortable tjiere." "I've got the interjection, sir," was the nnexpected reply, — Explain the words fort and fortress. A fort is a place tq put men in, and a fortress a place to pqt woqjen in. — What is a Republican? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. — The two chief volcanoes in Europe P Sodom and Go morrah. 