On the Edge of a Plain. By Henry Lawson. 'I'd been away from home for eight years,' said Mitchell to his mate, as they dropped their swags in the mulga shade and sat down. 'I had'nt written a letter — kept putting it off, and a blundering fool of a fellow that got down the day before me told the old folks that he'd heard I was dead.' Here he took a pull at his water-bag. 'When I got home they were all in mourn- ing for me. It was night, and the girl that opened the door screamed and fainted away like a shot.' He lit his pipe. 'Mother was upstairs howling and moaning in a chair, with all the girls boo-hooing round her for company. The old man was sitting in the back kitchen crying to himself.' He put his hat down on the ground, dinted in the crown, and poured some water into the hollow for his cattle-pup. 'The girls came rushing down. Mother was so pumped out that she couldn't get up. They thought at first I was a ghost, and then they all tried to get holt of me at once — nearly smothered me. Look at that pup ! You want to carry a tank of water on a dry stretoh when you've got a pup that drinks as much as two men.' He poured a drop more water into the top of his hat. ' Well, mother screamed and nearly fainted when 6be saw me. Such a pionic you never saw. They kept it up all night. I thought the old cov-- was gone off his chump. The old woman wouldn't let go my hand for three mortal hours. Have you got the knife?' He out up some more tobacco . ' All next d,-y the house was full of neigh bors, and the first to come was an old sweet heart of mine ; I never thought she cared for me till then . Mother and the girls made me swe:ir never to go away any more ; and they kept watching me, and hardly let me go out side for fear I'd'— 'Get drunk?' * No — you're smart — for fear I'd clear. At last I swore on the Bible that I'd never leave t' home while the old folks were alive ; and ? then mother teemed easier in her mind.' He rolled the pup over and examined its feet. ' I expect I'll have to carry him a bit — his feet are very sore. Well, he's done pretty well this morning, and anyway he won't drink eo much when he's cariied.' 'You broke your promise about leaving home,' said bis mite. Mitchell stood up, stretched himself, and looked dolefully from his heavy swag to the wide, hot, ehadeless cotton-bush plain ahead. 'Oh, yes,' he yawned, ' I stopped at home for a week, and then they began to growl be cause 1 couldn't get any work to do.' The mate guffawed and Mitchell grinned. They shouldered the swags, with the pup on top of Mitchell's, took up their billies and water-bags, turned their unshaven faces to the wide, hazy distance, and left the timber be hind them.— WhiU the Billy Boil*. 