The Privy Council. The suggestion that a Privy OounciUorship ^ should be conferred on Mr. Justice Windeyer marks another stage in the question of the appointment of Australian Judges to sit on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The idea itself is, of course, a very old one, and last . / year it received the sanction of the Imperial :? .. - Government in the shape of an Act of Parliament which provided that if any colonial Judge «;r ex-Judge were made a member of the Privy Council he should be entitled to sit on the Judi cial Committee, 'with the limitation, however, that the number of colonial Judges eo entitled should not exceed fire. All that is now needed, therefore, is that the Queen should make some Australian Judge a Privy Councillor, and he will forthwith ; become a member of the Judicial Committee, and entitled to sit on the hearing of all appeals that come before the Privy Council, whether from the Australian colonies or elsewhere. Hie selection of an Australian Judge for this position, however, involves several considerations. In the first place, as the post is an unsalaricd one, and as the Aus tralian colonies will certainly not care just now to add to the-'r judicial expenses, the choice is confined to those Judges who have either retired on their pensions or who, like Mr. Justice Windeyer, are entitled to do, so. Another difficulty arises out of the num ber and the isolation of the Australian colonies. The colonial Judges on the Privy Council are not to exceed five in all; and looking at the claims of Canada and South Africa it is not likely that the Australian ebare of these will be more than two. Indeed, antil it is seen how * the experiment works, the probabilities are that for the present only one Australian Judge will be appointed. It is desirable, therefore, that any proposed nomination, should have the assent of all the Australian colonies, and it is understood that the matter is now waiting in order that the several Australian Governments may be communicated with. Mr. Justieo Windeyer, if selected, will certainly be a worthy representative of the Aus tralian Benches, and it remains to be seen whether his claims will meet with any serious opposition. The two rival art societies of Sydney have been unsuccessfully endeavouring to patch up their differences. This is much to be regretted, as there are not sufficient artists in the colony to warrant two associations. The secession of the members constituting the Society of Artists from the Art Society arose out of a dispute in regard to the management, the secessionists claiming that it should be solely in the hands of members who are , artists. Vain -efforts were made to alter the rules of the Art Society to permit of exhibitors ap pointing their own selecting and hanging commit- ' ? tee. They .got considerable support, but not suffi cient to enable the change to be made, as the Act of Incorporation requires that there shall be a shree-fburths majority before the constitution of : the society can be altered, and the requisite majority was never forthcoming.. The lay element, therefore, still predominates. That a / meeting, though abortive, should have been held with a 'view to amalgamation is an earnest of the feeling on the part of the members of both societies that the present condition of matters is regrettable ; and, perhaps, in time, wiser counsels may prevail. They may find consolation in -die fact that what has taken place here \% but a re petition of what took place in Melbourne some years ago. There several of the leading men left the old society and established a new one, but they very soon amalgamated, the old society giving in and handing the whole concern over, and the result is the present Associated Artists' Society, which is probably the most artistic body in Australia. The 'Women's -Co- operative Silk Association has just presented a very modest report to the sub scribers. The silk industry i6 evidently not yet ostablished on anything like a profitable basis. Want of success is attributed to the unpropitious hess of the weather during the past two seasons. The members, however, are encouraged to take heart from the fact that the mulberry trees, although scorched by the heat and bush fires during the summer and bitten by frosts at night during the winter, have vigorously sent out fresh shoots; and on the two acres that have been deep-drained they hav© grown to a height of 13ft., and some have a girth of lOin. about the stem; they are also bushy and well weighted with leaf. This has all been accomplished in two years, in spite of difficulties. It is well to be thankful for small mercies. The report contains a very suggestive intimation that it has been determined to go in more largely for poultry. In view' of the fact that silk is now being manufactured from timber, it is as well that the association should have an alternative industry ; although the poultry business, if goue into extensively, may jeopardise the Government grant. ' Seein's believin',' was a very trite, if some what inelegant and ungrammatical, saying in the :. old country, at a time when a ghost story would be accepted by 18 out of 20 persons as true. One might talk as much as one liked about an abso lute fact in the abstract, there were -always some who 'doubted : but to see a thing was to believe it. We have heard much of late '-of the- wonderful' scientific discovery of Riintgen, and we have had pictures produced'by the new rays which have stirred the most incredulous. And now we hear of the process being put to a practical test a day or two ago in the Melbourne Hospital, where an interesting operation was performed with the aid ? or the Rontgen photography. A patient with a lx-edle in her hand had that member photographed . and the position of the needle clearly defined. '* — * '?? Dr. Syme then extracted the needle without any further trouble whatever. ' A still more marvellous development of the new -...- pliotcgraphy3«3iepottedbyca'blegram Ifrom our: London correspondent on Tuesday hut, that an experiment made by German soieniasts with the Rontgen rays has revealed diseases of the heart and longs. As the new wonder has only just been born, as it were, it is diffioult to^ay into what it aiay develop. It is certain that it will prove a great aid to medical and surgical science. It may . not altogether do away with the present known 'e- methods of diagnosis, but it will have important uses. To descend to the lower orders of the animal kingdom it may prove their beet friend, and all that the most ardent anti- vivisectionist may desire. The cathode rays may yet b*- fifrasa* ployed that much information may be imparted to students that is now obtained only by sub jecting animals to torture. In introducing the Bank Holidays Act Amend ment Bill Mr. Griffith made out a prima facie case. It simply proposes that all public holidays, what ever object they may be intended to commemo rate, shall be observed on a Monday. Should Queen's Birthday or Anniversary Day, for instance, fall on a Thursday, the following Monday wonld be the holiday and not the Thursday. This would ensure two consecutive days' respite from busi ness ; to many it would be two days and a half, Saturday being a half holiday in most employ ments. An objection has been rawed, that it wouli involve Sunday in the excursion or junket ing. Another objection has been nrged by a banker, that as the weekly balance of a bank takes place on a Saturday when the holiday falls on a Monday, the bank officials would be kept at work late on that day. We presume the balance would have to be made before the holiday whether it was Monday or any other day of the week, and balancing usually occasions late hours. Apart from the banks, and apart from the senti ment of the thing, in celebrating, for instance, Anniversary Day on a day other than that on which it really falls, there seems to be no good reason why what iB contemplated by the bill should net become law. It probably would be far better if employers generally recognised that it is to their own in terests as well as those of their work people to keep their employees in -a healthy condition of 'mind and body, and give them, as a banker sug gests, a fortnight's holiday every year. Lite would, be better worth the living than with the ' one demnition grind ' which Mr. Mantilini found it. The country, with all its beauty and grandeur, would not then be the terra incognita to many that it is now ; and many of the casual holiday* might be dispensed with. The Civil Service Board is still marching, about applying the bull's eye to the innermost recesses „ of the Government offices, and every department that has not had its lintels smeared with the re trenchment brush is in a state of great expec tancy. No wonder, considering what has already taken place. The rapidity with which re organisation proceeds is as startling as its effects ; and men begin to admire the prescience of the Ministry in selecting three gentlemen who have proved themselves 'to be so capable that they can go from one department to another — scientific, engineering, mechanical, artistic, educative— and intuitively Bingle out the men who are being over paid, or who'are filling the wrong position, or are not wanted at all. ? ? What has been known as the Mount Rennie case is to undergo a further revision by the Government. This case has been almost as noto rious aB the Dean case, and quite as sensational so far as regards the degree of crime, although the offence was materially different to that which Dean committed. There has. not been a Royal Commission . on it, or we might have had new and startling developments as in the Dean case, leading up to the same denouement, the exculpation of Judge Windeyer from any error of judgment, for he presided in both cases, and was in both instances held up to public obloquy. Some of the youths concerned in the terrible assault upon a young girl expiated their offence .on the scaffold. . Four of the gang were imprisoned, and it is in regard to these that fbe Government has determined to fix a date for the expiration of their sentences. It seems not to be generally known that the offence was not committed near Mount Rennie. There is no mount or mound . of that name in Moore Park. The largest of the two mounds, and the one near which the crime was committed, is Mount Steel, named after the late ' Alderman Alexander Steel. Mount Renny (not Rennie) named after thee late Mayor Renny, is the small mound near the Randwick-road. The position which. the Citdal people have taken up antagonistic to city railway extension would be quite affecting were it not that it is a sorry satire on our 30-year-oJd system of public in struction. They live 220 miles from Sydney. Through their . civic representatives they object to having the railway brought further into Sydney, Because it would diminish the necessity for horse traffic, which in turn would diminish the demand for country-grown produce with which to feed the horses. We should imagine that these luminaries would be quite prepared to thank the Lord that they are not as other men. It is certain that there are but few who will not be thankful that they are not in the benighted condition of the representative men of Cudal, who ate living very much behind their time. If they were to make use of the books in their local school of arts — presuming1 they have such an institution — they would learn that in spite of the ever- extending railway systems of the world the horse appears less* likely than ever to become an extinct animal. Whilst nearly every other part of the colony is demanding quicker and cheaper modes of transit for their produce, the Cndal people are to be content with the speed of a draught horse. A survey for a line of railway to Cudal has been made, but possibly a protest from the townspeople will spare the country the expendi- . tore, and protect the horses, and especially the moles, of the district from extinction. In bis address to the Literary and Debating. Society of Burwood the other evening, Mr. M'Mulan supplied much food for reflection, and ... food «f & character that cart a large amount T-f reflection on our Parliament. He specially warned young men against ruehing into political life without mental training, that alone would make them useful to the country. He looked (so he is reported to have said) with perfect alarm, and with enormous pity, at the spectacle of young men who have never completely learned their trade or profession plunging into the poli tics of the country ; giving their young minds — which ought to, be susceptible to knowledge from all places— to the party conflicts and political prejudices and associations of the arena, which -rccxe anything but dignified or elevating at the present time. There was no doubt that the Legislative Assembly should become a great school for education. But it was no place where a man ought to be taught altogether the rudi ments of life. When a man went into the councils of his country he should take into it a certain amount of knowledge, experience, and absolute independence. It speaks well for the young men of the society named that these remarks were warmly applauded by them. Mr. M'Millan held up as a warning the man who assisted for fifty years ' in the making of Australian history,' and who died a poor man, and referring to the debate that had taken place in the Assembly within the preceding 48 hours he scathingly referred to men who spent hours in deprecating the granting of a poor pittance to sustain the young lives of the children of such a man — the children of one who had done more than thousands of men for the liberties of the people of this country. The debate, which ought to have been of the highest character, was do graded by wretched wrangle and the lowest politics ; and he hoped the result would be an object lesson to the young men of this country that, if they sought positions of political import ance, they would lay a foundation of personal and financial independence before they sacrificed everything, even to a devoted country. These sentiments will be re-echoed from all parts of the colony, for the incident in the Assembly was a very melancholy one. The Homestead Selection Bill has passed through both Houses of Parliament, and has received the Governor's assent. Its object is to allow successful applicants for homestead selections or settlement leases to take possession of the land applied for without having to wait until the applications have been confirmed by the local land board. Through pressure of work and the ne cessity of land boards travelling from place to place, some delay in confirmation takes place, which although under favourable circumstances may be shortened cannot possibly be avoided altogether. The new Act deals with future applications and with applications which may happen at the present time to be unconfirmed. A successful applicant in future will be enabled to take possession of his land the very day he makes his application. To enable the applicants to take possession, the Act provides for the immediate withdrawal of the land applied for from any annual lease or occupation license under which it may be held. It should be pointed out that such homestead selectors and settlement lessees as are affected by the Act will be required to pay their rents as calculated from the date of passing of the Act in the one case and from the date of their applications in the other. The Investors' Review has a very justly founded note on the question whether Great Britain is consuming its own capital. Un doubtedly it is to some extent, for stamp duty is being paid on tbe prices of shares of specula tire gold-mining indu&tries;, which almost may be called gambling concerns ; and these prices were In most cases many times higher than their real value. In' fact the amount of the duty paid to the Government was in some instances more than the value of the property. This duty, and the unprofitable use of capital in waste ful aud unfruitful employment, no doubt involve a very considerable consumption of the nation's capital. Similarly it is true tnat the large addition to the death ditties through the increase in value of estates represented in Consols and other securi ties was a drain upon capita?, which, of course, will not feel it while prices of such securities are high. But if they fall, as is generally expected, ^tiie extra toll takeaHrat of the value ? for the.pur posesof governnjent will have to be borne by the - beneficiaries uniijjpihe wills. ' Tiie eentenqejsJSSBe-l on & man named Frank . Johnson, at thtrCeotral Criminal Court, on Mon . day, should ~prove sa warning to1 all who would desire to infringe the electoral law. He was accused, not of being ignorant of the law, but with having by wilful and false representations become, possessed of two electoral rights. The law prescribes one vote to one man. Johnson ob tained one right, and then by subsequently swear ing that he had not before received an elector' 6 right in any division of any district in New South Wales obtained another. He supported this false hood with another, that he could not write. He laid himself open to a sentence of seven years' im prisonment, but Mr. Acting-Judge Rogers, before whom the case was tried, taking into consideration that this was the first prosecution under the Act, and the prisoner's first offence, imposed a milder sentence of six months' imprisonment, -with hard labour. - The Public Works Commission, which was ap pointed to investigate charges made by Mr. Varney Parkes, M.L.A., as to maladministration in certain branches of the Works Department, is pursuing its labours. Complaint was made when the Commissioner, his Honor Judge Murray, made an order for excluding the representatives of the press. They are now admitted, and a precis of the evidence is published in the Herald &a.y; by day, but it is of eu,ch a technical character that most people are satisfied to wait for the decision of the Commissioner before coming to one for themselves. Manly is still to have rival ferry companies. A. few weeks ago there was every reason to believe that- an amalgamation of the Port Jackson Steamship CJompany and'lhe.aiejr -Co-operatJFe - Company would take place. A meeting of re presentatives of the two companies decided the terms of such amalgamation. It might have been carried out, but for the intervention of a third party, who offered to buy out the Co-operative Company, and give a bonus into the bargain. The majority of the shareholders in the new com pany on Monday night, decided by a narrow majority of 23, that -amalgamation would not be to their interests. They are evidently very dubious as to »the manner in which tie traffic would be carried on after amalgamation, ancr' ?dread the idea of another monopoly 4 