^Monday. flfliytMWil mr 14. . MydearNieeesand Nephews—Onoo again it is straad duty to record. the death of iiwo members of our "Sunbeam" Society—Nephew< Alfred Hall, who died on August 3. and Nieoe Ivy.Olarke, who died on Monday, August SL Nieoe Jessie Fergusson, Hon. Secret wy of the "Hebba StketTojP Circle at New Glenelg, toll* mo,that Nephew AJfie Worked Veryhi&td; for their Circle, - although eo ~ ill. -His funeral wee attended fay thirty or forty "Sunbeams,*' representing the "JIesba Stbsttoh," "Geace Dabuhg," and " Wed l/iH0Ttw" Cirele8, and the first-named Circle \- Dent Abeautiful cross of~ white flowers tied ■ with ribbons Nephew NLawrie Whitham, Hon. Secre tary of the "Beethoven" Circle . at Nor wood, sends a brief report of-Niece Ivy's illness and death, and concludes—'' Another Sunbeam to brighten the Heaven above." I amsurethat we all deeply sympathize with the grief-stricken parents of these two little " Sunbeams." I was very sorry to hear that Nephew Arnold Turner, of Goodwood-road, had met with a rather severe accident, a trolly having run over him. He was taken to the Children's , Hospital and placed in the " Sunbeam" Cot. I saw him a few dvys after the accident, and ha was then as well as could be expected. There were quite a number of "Sunbeam" patients in the Hospital on my last visit. Our "old" little friend Ruby Parker is still there, but I saw her out of bed for the first time; Nieoe Lottie Brewer was almost well after a very severe illness; and Nieces Lily Green, F.M., and Kathleen Hardy, F.M., were on the way towards recovery. What a truly blessed tbmg it is that these little sufferers had such a splendid place to go to at such a time 1 Oh, I am so glad we have this noble institution, and still moro glad to know that we are helping it all we can. I have received from Lieutenant-Colonel Makin, Hon. Secretary to the Boys' Brigade Bazaar Committee, a letter of thanks to those "Sunbeam" Circles that performed during the afternoon, "and thereby added so greatly to the success of the Bazaar." I was very pleased, indeed, at the ready response of the Circles in question to my request for their services on that occasion. - I _ was only able to give them a few days' notice, and yet they came and went through their performances very creditably. Mrs. Kbit, one of the ladies who founded the Orphan Home for Girls in Carrington etreet'thirty-seven years ago, appeals to me for help from the "Sunbeams" on behalf of the Repairs Fund of that Home. The esti-. mated ooat of the necessary repairs is £550. There is a reserve fund of £300, but naturally the Committee do not want to draw largely upon that. I hope all those Circles that will be having a bazaar or concert before the New Year—tliat is, before our Society definitely commits itself to another "big" effort—will bear in mind this appeal on behalf of the Orphan Home for Girls when they are apportioning the proceeds. From all that I know of the Home and its management, J can confidently recommend it as worthy of all the BUDport that we can give. Now I will give you the report of the very sucoesafnl "Sunbeam" concert at Tanonda, which it was.my great pleasure to attend. I was truly delighted to find the "Sunbeams" there Just as enthusiastic and hard-working as they are in other places. My visit was made most enjoyable by the kindness of all I met, and to Mr. and Mrs. Jacob and Miss Henzenroeder my thanks are especially due. I am looking- forward to paying another visit to this neat and prettily situated town ship; and I am assured that my stay if longer will be even more enjoyable. Tanonda. September 7. Dear Undo Harry—As you know the weather was Tory showery during the day of our concert, an i we did not think we would hare a good at.te.n dance, hut the evening was quite clear, and po ( lie place was crow' overture," Willkommen," byC nsin Natalie Harr"tt. We had four tableaux, two pretty or.es (" Guardian ang Is" and " Mistletoe, holly, and ivy"), and two funny ones, "The ghost story" and "The little doctor," We had several rpcihtions and action songs, also a boys' farce, "Run away."' Cour. ns Maude Bonnett and Sophie Kleein-nn rang two duets, one in German ('' Friihlings-ahnnng") and "To the woods." The "Sun'ram" duet was also sung (" I don't want- to piny in yonr yard") by Cousin- Kdie Mengler and haura By. One of onr songs was ca'led " The ' Snnlieam' bo it." It was a boat pnt on the stage with two boys arid three girls in it, and there were reeds and bracken on the carpet to make it look like the cos-t. Atone end a boy was waving a flag of the "Sunbeam" colours, and the pirls' sailor hate were trimmed with the same colours. B-sides onr two leaders, Mrs. Jacob and Miss Heuzenro-der, those who kindly helped us were Miss Meilor. Miss M*nn, and Mr. M. B. Henzenroeder. The total receipts amounted to £0 5s. (id. I «m sending yon £7, which we would like divided as follows:—.£3 for the Boys' Brigade. £2 for the "Sunbeam" library at Boys' Institute, £1 for the Ornhan Home for Oris, and £1 for the Children's Home at Waikerville. With Jove to all, yonr loving Niece, Caihx.a Sperbkr, Hon. Secretary "Baroness Bu:dett Conttt" S.O. I ara veTy pleased to find that some of the Circles are adopting my suggestion alxnit writing to me regularly. In..one or two in stances one of the meetings each month i« set apart for that purpose; and in other cases a I member is appointed at each meeting I to write to me during the ensuing ] week. I hope that either of these plans | will be generally adopted by the Circles, j because it means that I am thns brought into j closer teach with tbem; much more so than by an occasional report from the Secretary. I The only disadvantage arising from the plan J of setting apart one of the meetings of the Cirole for letter-writing is that there is a ; certain sameness about such letters; but I would rather that than not have : them at all. If I find that this idea of a regular letter from the i Circles is generally adopted, I will gladly print the best of such letters each week in addition to the nsual "best three" letters. Hut these "Circle" letters, as we will call them, must bo olearly indicated as such, and perhaps the simplest way would be to write the name of the Circle and the Circle'* motto at the top of the letter. I have this week to thanK members of the "Raj.ph Wat.po Emerson-," "I)Ar SPBiito," and "Vera EmrcKF," Circles for their letters. Niece Kathleen Roach was the appointed correspondent for the "Shak SRBAKe" Circle at Kooringa, and sho tells me that, with the contributions from the members and_ a few shillings from a "Sunbeam" friend, they bought a case of oranges for the local Hospital. Nephew Harold Wertheimer, of the "Bkkt HOyKf" Circle at Norwood, tells me of a concert given by Niece Ethel Hunt and others of the Circle at Mrs. Hunt's in aid of their banner, by whioh 2s. 6d. was rais was another given by Nephew Willie Clarke and other members at Mrs. Clarke's, by which 3s. 9d. was raised for the same object. Niece Olive Harvey, of "The Acacias" Circle, "Norwood, tells me of a very enjoyable visit that some of the members paid to Esicourt House at the Orange, wV-rn lame children and the aged blind are __ _ "Jf< itft unn tomn «id fruit lor tttt laautofl," !?fcx» Ofliw »yA «d I expeotoM&e; "Sunbeam". «nSht md ofni]pDenii weiL ' Nowl mb going to b© nryjrtmmotm, *nd jriv® fuii a' double allowaaoe « Pbe«t" letterat Bat aftor all, this in only fair, seeing that I have fives' you abort meware two or three tiateisoftate. ■ ^ : I r->. , ■-v-^'v'S.5" Mltchfttn, August St. = Dear Uncle Harry—Xhavn <®ly beau oneof your little pieces tor about a month, and! *m going to try to write'a leUdrtoyoOn6w,andIhavethroe elslera besides myseU and tbreshTdtbew.I enjoyed the last • meeting: Af our CfrcleYtiie "Vera Ehmcke")very modi. We are cutting up pieces of rag te make pillows for ', the Cottage Somea at.Mltcham,. I nope we will be ft We to do a lot of work alttxragh we are little children. Itm. glad that you had some flowers gtrmto yon by a Tittle ghi on your way to Broken Hill. I hope yon will enjoy your visit, .and that ft will be the means of starting a lot of "Sunbeam" flrclea. I would like to write more, butl knowyon haveaurh a lot of letters to read, eo I will close with love to yonr self, Aunt Sophie, and Cousins.—I retnam. your affectionate Niece, Louie WAKEtlAM <9 years t months). Mount Scott, via Kingston, September 4. Dear Uncle Harry—1 have not written to you for such a lung time, but X bave not foreotten you. My father made Jack a ship, and it is called Venus. It is a nice little ship with fourteen calls. X went for a nice long holiday for several weeks at Narra eoorte and Morambro. I enjoyed myself very much at both places. After X had brnn home a few weeks mother let me stay a week at Kmlira. My little dog Daphne died when I was sway, and a'friend of mine painted her picture for me. I have another dog now; its name is Brace. We have not many •fion-ers out in the garden, bntalotof wild flowers are out. We children go for a lot of long walks to get wild flowers. ' I think th'8 isail X ran think of just now. With love to Aunt Sophie. Cousins Bessie and Bertie and little Mary and yourself, I remain, your loving Niece. Mart Martin. " Sunbeam" Cot, Collingrove Ward, Clrldren's Hospital, North Adelaide, September 5. Dear Uncle Harry—When are you.coming to the Hospital again! We all like to see you. We like to see the " Sunbeams" come, too. We want to tell you what a lovely party we had on Saturday last, and we are very sorry ynu were not there. There were fifty children around the table in Collingrove Ward. The girls came from Lindsay Ward and Joanna Ward, for .-on know that-"Collingrove is a boys' ward. Pretty flowers were on the table, and such a lot of nice things, and the boys and girls looked so happy. Even the little blind girl, Ivy Rule, was so happy, althongh she could feel and of tin did not sen any of the beau'iful things we saw. It was her birthday, and ah hough the party was not got up for her we w>-re so glad that it was on her birthday. She is such a dear little girl, and we are all so sorry that she can't see any thing now, for only six months ago she could sec as well as any of us. The nurses all came to our tea, and ime ladies and gentlemen as well. After tea. those who were out of bed went out on the balcony and played, and then we went to l>ed. May I also tell yon that on the Tuesday before we went down to Brighton, that is, Jimmy •Voles and myself. We could not go so far as the rocks, but we enjoyed the trip very much. Nurse was with us, so that we wero well looked after.— Your very affectionate Nephew, Charlie Nettle ton. Uxbridge-street, Kensington Park, September?/ Dear Uncle Harry—It is such a long time since I wrote to yon last, and since then my sis er lias been enrolled as a " Sunbeam." I have joined the' " Buttercup" Circle, which I like very much. I have three sisters and no bro hers. My father is ov-r in the West, and he says he always reads Uncle Harry's letters to see how the " Sunbeams" are getting on. I am in the fifth class at -chool. I will be twelve on October 1. I think it is rime to close now, so with love to Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bsssie and Bertie and little Sunbeam" and your self, I remain, your affectionate Niece, Florence Kimber. Wo na, September 7. Dear Uncle Harry—As I have not written to you for a long time I thought I would write telling you about our anniversary. It was held on September 1, and our leader, Miss Sutherland, bad the -chool room dec. rated very beautifully, and I wore my badge that day. Tuesday we held our tea, and a lot of people came. In the evening we had service, and the minister and two other gentlemen kindly men tioned our ''Sunbeam" Circle, and thev said they were p1 eased to hear that we haJ joined the " Sun beam" Society, and that weare "Sunbeams." Our Secretary reads your letters every Wednesday fort night at our meetings, and we are very interested in the,*, a»d w..fild like to have met you at the station (Terowie) if possible when going through. I now clo-e, with love to Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie, B-rtie. and the baby, and yourself. I remain, your loving Niece, Oi.tVB Holder (12 years 3 months), "Dayspring" S.C. Unley Park, August 81. Dear Uncle Harry—I want to be a little "Snn beain," so I am writing to yon. We have a dog called Ben, and I have a. little kitten. Good-by. I remain, your loving Niece, STELLA. ARMSTRONG (7 years 8 weeks). J) nr Uncle Harry—I am seven year." old. it was erber day larst Friday I am in the first c'ass I do like sums beet one "Sunbeam" hoy bad his fore head cut "pen at school today. Percy Bills is his name. Your loving Nephew, Keith Davison, P.M. His vory first.—H. D Jt is some weeks since I mentioned those whose letters had specially pleased me, so that I have now a long list of names. I am espe cially glad to find the Associates are remem bering me more—the (firl associates, of course. Alas! the boy associates, I am afraid, arc too busily engaged in work and play to favour mo with anything like a letter. I wish to thank the following Associates for their bright and chatty letters, Nieces Janie Allen, Bertha Col man. Hannah May Harris, F.M., Mary Marsh, Isabel!© Moseley, Phynella Paternoster, Flo Whitten bury, and Florrie Williamson; and I was specially pleased with the letters from the following:—Nieces Amy B. Adams, Eva Ander- son, Ida Asher, Alice Ashford, Olive B. Audley, Ethel Baker, Mary J. Bennett, Emily Blight, Amy Breaker. Mabel Brown, Lucy Canning, Myrtle Cole, Dorothy Connor, Miriam Cook, Emily Cook, ElsieConmbe, LilyDavies, F.M., Eisie Dsacon, LauraDeane, Olga Drogerniiller, Gertie Foster, Mabel Frost, Lily Gaboll. G. E. Green, Phillis May Green, Nellie. Guthrie, Eisie Hantke, Olive Harlow, Ethol Harris, Mota Hoepner, Amy Holder, Wilmot Holmes, Emma Hunt, Ethel Kidman, Ethel Kimber, Pixio Kroger, Jane Llewellyn, Irene Lovett, Gladys Makin, Sarah .Tano Marriott. Ida Martin, May Meae day, F.M., Annie Monkhouse, Ria Moseley, Jessie Moyses, F.M., Norma Mueller. F.M , Emily Munt, May McBain, Eva McKenzie, Lily Paterson, F.M., Amanda Prodoehl, E. Puxton, Hilda Redman, Winifred Rogers, HtfaA Sto* Uttia SobdL BUM May fiootahar. JBthei Seabor^ lam. Shamo^ . Ntailr® Btwaroe, Winnie ■•'■ and My - Steward, Maggie IChoinSon^Oiive •Janet sod Margaret Tuoh/. LwireJ Venning, Nellie WaJdin,Lcaziaa Walton, BdithWarHutii, MyraWhite, Ef*WiOda,Bertlia Wilkin; Nephews NoelBeaven, Koy Kdwardi Glayta, Friiok Gpaveetockis, , F.M., Oray, ojrdDOT Hbokridge, Malcolm and Bos- ; taoe OhutM Hank Arnold Huroom be, Stanley LangsforcL, Charlie Lockyer, Allan Moysee, F.M., Fred Pnt, F.M., Grass Peterson, F.M., Boy Trenoath, Max Wilkin, Mid Harold Woodlands. Now 1 think we had better hare the Birth day-list. "MANFHAFPY BET0KNB OF THE OAF." Tomorrow, 20th, to Roy Ackland, P.M., Medindie (18); Olive CRAKE,' F.M., Mitchara (11); Percy Baker, F.M, Elliston (U); Janet Raksat," Crad<«l£ LIkoe. Whitford (11); Stanley Boyle, Prospect N. (18); Evelyn Harrop, N, Kensington (11); Edith Easthrr, Gordon (6); Mildred Donaldson, Para dise (€); Amy Gray, Amyton (—); Kenneth Pot&bkinqham;, Alberton (A.); Frances Oppatt, Palmer (A.); Maurice HumpHrbts, Hamley (18); C " - Bridge (18); Grace Pedler, Prospect (in); Hugo Wep.thbimer, Kent Town (IS); Harold Pearct, E.A. (12); Martha Brown, Maylamls(ll). Monday, 21et, to Lacy BzESZKOWSKr, P.M., Belalie N. (it); Wmnid Stevenson, Fitxroy(l3);Leo. Beck. Waterrale (1*); Fred8N0WLEY, Maylan Margie Gabett, Hurtle-square (12) ; Richard Davis, Wiiininowie (13); Alex. Moss, Gilberton (10); Gert rude Newson, Norwood (12); Minnie Trkhbarnb, j Minlaton (14). j Tuesday, 22nd, to Annie Morris, P.M., Angle Va'e(H); Willepjia, Foreman, F.M., Beverley (10); 'Alice Whitpord, P.M., Brighton (A.); Harry Hammond, N.S.W. (10)j Melville MCG RATH, Red id 1 (16); Kathleen Fry, North Adelaide (12); Helen Mi/RPHT, Prospect (12); Mary Bi.eeze, Lobct-hal (A.); Archibald Stirling, Stratlialbyn (6); Archie , Barker, Hammond (<5) - Laura Hastib, Exeter (11): Freda Needham, Benmark (16); Henrietta j Morriss, Port Adelaide (12); Ainslie Griffrrus. I Walkerville (18); Eliza WarmaN, Norwood (14); I Florenc • Tracey. Norwood (13). I Wednesday, 23nl, to Haze] Wtlte, F.M , Sema I phore(lO); Arnold Hlt.L, F.M., Knightsbridge (11); : Jean McPhail, F.M., Hammond (13); Eva Aniif.r , SON, A na Branch (10); Clare Trestrail, Morchard . (14); Myrtle Ambler, Murray Bridge (10); Muriel ; Thbnbull, Clove (9); Boyden Potter, Youiftla , (IS) THURSDAT, 24til, to E'Sie H AINES, F.M , Allon i dale (A.); Annie McPharlin. P.M., Bala k lava (11); Mabel Lockyer, F M., Mitcham (14); Albert Grrrer, F.M , Plyrapton (11); Isabella Lindsay, St. Peters (A); Florence Wells, Gawlcr (8); Maudie UaSkell. Pros.sect (9): Elsie Marshal!,, TJroonda(ll); Edith Williams, Port Ado! i-e (A.); Mary Hendry, Norwood (13); Minnie Ki.f.emaN, Not wood (13); Agnes Murray, Goodwood W. (9); Wlm. Hooo, Tantinda(ll). i Friday, 26th, to Phemia Morris. P.M., Angle : Vale (A.); Daisy GOODR.v, F.M., Norwood (i4); Catherine Newman, N.S.W. (II); Ethel Lindstrom, Glanville (10); Beat'ico Fullorabe, Oafers (—); Ellen Martienskn, Glanville (16); Beatrice : Carter, E. Adelaide (8); Lance Lewis, Kooringa , CO. Saturday, 28th, to Ada Totum-i,, F.M., Glenelg '(18); Charles Eastjier, F.M.. Gordon (11); Fiery Field, F.M., Watcrvale (13); VVim. Foster, P.M., Parksidc (11); Mary Martin, F.M., Mount Scott (11); Mary Daval, Flinderp-sTe t (IS); Ed ward Proctor, Islington (16); Myrrle Hayman, Angle Vale (9); Eileen Gardiner, Ovingham 01); B.»ryl Monk, River ton (9); Harriet Murphy, Rosrwater(10); Alice Reioiistein, M orchard (14); Myra Bi.ackwei.i,, Modindie 114); Lawrence Praose, Parksi e(I3); Ki een Smith, New Glenelg (10); .Tiroes PALMER, Mylor (A.); Cecil Pulltn, N. Adelaide (12); Janet Tucker, St. Peters (13); i Gertrude Lester, Cardwell-'treet ('3) ; Harry I ToTHILL, Somertown (10) ; Frank Avery, Mor j chard (14), Please don't send any " chain" letters to mo1 Porhap3 some of you might think that such a warning as that is not needed, but I have actually had four of those charitable annoy ances inflicted upon me, and so I wish to stop a fifth from coming this way. As I it is simply impossible for me to comply i with the modest little request made in these j letters, I am sending 10,000 (ten thou sand) used stamps to tire lady who j originated the " chain" letter; and that must I satisfy every one so far as I am concerned. ! I was very pleased, indeed, to receive from • '■ Mrs. Blackham, of Andamooka, via Port • I Augusta, the sum of £;? lis. (Id., being. the | result of a little sale hold by her two daughters, ; ! Blanche and Edith, at the shearers' shed, j Niece Ada Hodder, Hon. R-creb'rv of the ' "Alice Duncan" Circle, wishes me to make : known that the proceeds of their concert (£fi) are to be devoted to the "Fresh-Air" Fund. T have received several small amounts from "Sunbeams" individually, sol will remit the total amount to Mr. Pearson, of /Vcrsou's i Wfcllv. Plea-so don't send an v further amounts I for this fund, as thev would not. reach London I in time; and I. don't wish you to forget j that our very offn "Sunbeam" Christmas Dinner Fund must bo thought of soon. I Several we,eks ago. just when T was busiest ! with the Nursery Market., T received a piece I of music from a lady in Victoria, which she ' wishes to introduce amongst our " Sunbeam" I Circles, as a portion of the, purchase-money j of each copy is to bo devoted to the Children's [ Hospital. The song is entitled "Pleading." j and it has been written with a view to tableau effects, so that T should think | some of our Circles who arc arranging ; concerts would lie glad to nave a copy. This | is thra address of the lady:—Mrs. ['1 M. I Harvey, " Winterlake," Booroonki, Victoria, 1 and.if any of you write to that address for a 1 copy of the song and enlose Is, fid., you will Via; 1 benefiting the funds of the Children's | Hospital. I was pleased to receive, from j Niece Winnie Melvin. Hon. fiecrelary of the "Arotlf," Circle. Lower Mitcham, the amount of 5s. fid., being a contribution from the seven members of that Circle to wards the. Hughes Fund. I was delighted to hear that the gross receipts of the concert given by the "Mark Guy Pf.ause'' and " Silver City" Circles at Broken TLJ! on the ' occasion Of my visit there amounted to as , much as £15. The expenses came to £1$ ' 7s.. so that there was the very creditable i balance of £1] 13s. to bo divided ! between the "Sunbeam" Cot Fund (Broken { Hill Hospital) and the local Benevolent ■ I Society. I have to acknowledge receipt pf a paiu&ffom; tbBOIrpla at fug a patchwork qail* and OMta—thewftdc not only trf ttt^Sanbeia^' M tmne tjf their aohoolmates, though why they, too, are not "Sunbeams" is -more tbtB I know- I hare Also to tbank Nieow Sarah and Ethel Fatterson, of ib vSMtt Doha" Circle, Williamstown, foralittte aorapbook; end two "Bunbeams at Angaston (name on parcel not very clear) for » big toy pussy-oat. Also Nieoe. Ida Mama for several ''Uncle Harr/" tea tjottppng; SiBoe Ethel .Weber for 1,205 used stamps, -and Nephew Hod ley Murphy for a little over 500. Let me again request those who Send used stamps to me to please tfc them up lit packets of a hundred if they are the ordinary penny and twopenny kind. I have had some very acceptable additions to my "Sunbeam" portrait album of late, especially in group photos, of Circles, t have to thank the members of the "Sfb Edwin Lahdsebr" and the Belton CircleSj and Nieces Minnie and Addie Stewart, Hannah Craw shaw, and Janie Silver for their photographs. Just as I am closing this letter comes the sa$ sad news of the death of Mr Hartley, the Inspector-General of Schools. To one so well known to so many of my "Sunbeams" it is but right that I should add my tribute of praise to his sterling worth. He was a gentle man whom I knew well, though perhaps almost unknown to him; and all that I know of his splendid abilities and high character makes rae feel how good a man has been thus suddenly called away from us. In the midst of the numbness that the news of his death produces I can at least feel sure of this —that 5,000 "Sunbeams" unite with me in an expression of hoartfelt sympathy with the widowed lady and those who, bound to him by closest ties, will feel this blow most keenly. Now, dearies, onoe again, good-by. With love from Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie, Bertie, and little "Sunbeam." Yonre ever affectionately. Uncle Harbt. 