Among the Pastoralists and Producers. [By Harold M. Mackenzie.] BETWEEN DENMAN AND MERRIWA. 'Tho northern mail !' shouts a porter, as tho gleaming lights of the engine flash like monster eyes, whence a momentlater the train rumbles up. Doors are flung open, chilled passengers growling . at fresh intruders as if owning the entire carriage, a slnr wer of steam, a shrill blast from the engine, and the limited mail speeds on her course through the cold moonlit nigiit. * How is it that the average Britisher en route is such a bear, so disobliging, so selfish, in fact ? He wraps himself in a rug, chooses a comfortable corner, spreads his papers before him, and perhaps ignores tho rest of his fellow creatures for a distanco of four hundred miles or more. What a lesson we can learn from the suave, polite, yet perhaps insincere Frenchman, who makes,, a good natured bow upon the entrance of a stranger, maybe offers a cigarette, and does not laugh when in your best Stratford-atte- Bowe accent, you endeavour to say that Prance is a une i tres jolie country, or enquire Combiaiirj des mums luuasou a jraree : A good story was current in England gome years ago in reference to the outrageous manners of a certain young nobleman, whose travelling companion, as a rule, was a ferocious bulldog, which he always carefully 'planted' under the seat, and quietly ' sooled' on to anyone having the temerity to approach his compartment. At the Gare du Nord, one day at Paris, the bull dog as usual was barring all ingress to milord's carriage, no one, not even the porters attempt ing to pull the animal out, so that dog and master were left in undisputed possession. The hour of departure had come and gone, and 'my Lord' becoming impatient at the delay thrust his head out of the window and enquired in very bad French ' Why the devil the train hadn't started.' Amidst much glee on the part of tho railway officials ho was in formed that tho train had gone, and that the carriage was shunted on to a siding there being not the least occasion to disturb him self or his dog. 'A lesson of this sort would, no doubt, have a beneficial effect on those self-important travellers who monopolise com partments without any legal claim to them. Travelling to Muswellbrook in the depth of winter, although but a two hours journey from Maitland, sets one thinking about a variety of things, tho most important being why pas sengers in both classes are not supplied with that inexpensive and comforting adjunct, afoot warmer. Hotwateris very cheap, and tinrecep tacles could be placed with very little extra ? trouble in the carnages and changed every fifty miles all through the journey to the Queensland border. I believe there is something done in this respect to mitigate the discomfort of winter travelling on tho northern line when Murrurundi is reached and the train reaches the New England table-land, where the cold, of course, becomes intense ; but, from Sydney to that point passengers must necessarily do a ' perish,' whisk their arms about, or insert papers under their seats, if they haven't ulsters, and fortify themselves with whisky if they have the money, and in other ways endeavour to keep the blood in circulation. And why in tho name of Mr. Eddy, cannot a second-class 'sleeper' 15e attached, allowing those who are booked for Queensland, and who care to pay for the luxury, stretch their limbs in the manner of first-class passengers. It is like going from a palace to a prison to change from . a sleeping-car to a second-class compartment. In tlie former, rugs, whisky-flasks, spring mattrasses, boots cleaned with civility and attention. In the, latter, hard seats, bad light, no warmth, cramped legs, and general misery. ?? ' 'Brook, 'Brook, 'Brook !' yells the porter at 12.15 a.m., when I emergefrom the carriage into a nipping frost, everything looking white and cheerless, and Muswellbrook itself lying like a sheeted ghost in the moon- rays as I hurry across to Hill's hotel to imbibe a class of 'Dickens' before the coach comes round to take mo to Denman. The driver shows a predilection for schnapps, which he tosses off with gusto, remarking thatitis ' a bit chilly.' Chilly ! I should say so. The horses .are blowing steam from their nostrils like engines; and every window pane is opaque, and no one abroad of course but ourselves. As we rattle up to the post office eider down quilts with people snugly tucked under them occur to me, and I begin to wonder why I came. Just as wo are 'all aboard' .the door of the Royal Hotel opens and a heavily coated individual with a rug over his arm announces that he is also a passenger— and for Cassilis no less — which meanB 20 hours' continuous 'oing. Mil R ? -, travelling for the house of Messrs. Moses Morris and Go., turns out to be quite Frenchified in manners so far as making himself agreeable goes, asking me if. I required a spare rug,, etc., etc. Having enclosed ourselves in the coach we enter upon various topics of conversation, as wo jolt over hill and dale, whilst the steam from the horses blows quite acceptably in our faces and thedriver occasionally has a' wellmerited forty winks on the sly. What a wearing existence driving a night coach is, especially in winter, aud very often, too, quite alone. Yet these drivers are all, more or less, good fellows, who look at life cheerfully, and can tell a good story or sing a song to relieve the monotony. Mr. R— — , I discover, has two' hobbies'— fox terriers and poultry— and so by the time we reach Denman I kno wmore about those subjects than when I left Muswellbrook. It was, however, with no feeling, of regret that I heard the sound of the coach wheels die-away in the distance on the Morriwa stage, as I hopped into bed with my knees drawn up. to my chin in a kind of frozen paralysis. Gradually, however, I began to thaw, and then, sleep, sweet sleep, overcame mo, and night travel ling was a thing of the past. A '.plunge .'into the Hunter . on . awaking 1 refreshed mo in a marvellous degree 'and set j me up for tho journey to Merriwa. The little mare that had been at- grass* ;? during my-! absence at Maitland was examined, and found to be fit and well, and ready for any amount of miles. Tho trap was . packed wiljlj all necessary luggage^ and after a substantial breakfast I found myself bowling aloijg-tho road onco more. ' 1 Six miles from Denman the Wybong Creek is reached, the' junction of two roads. The Morriwa and that up the creek, boing denoted by a wine shop, presided oyer by Mr. W. H. Purvis, an old - whaler, who has given up ploughing tlio waves for the land. ; Mr. Purvis owns about 800 acres devoted to vineyard, orchard, . and grazing areas, and manufactures each season about 1500 gallons of wine, which ho sells to the travelling public. Woburn, for such is the name of this place, is a favourite camping ground for travelling stock, a public reserve for this purpose having been set apart, so .that drovers when they como along generally make things ' hum' at host Purvis'. On the occasion of my visit there were 1000 head in transitu, Maxwell in charge, coming from Cooper's Creek, Queensland, the property of Mr. A. Campbell, and consigned to Mr. Edwd. Higgens, Muswellbrook. Short as my stay was, I found in conversation with Mr. Purvis that he can recount more in a limited timo than most people, and so far as being a man of the ' world goes, his whaling experiences have made him all that. Hear what he has to say on tho subject: 'I am a uativo of New Bedford, Mass., and first set foot on a whaler's deck in 1850. Talk abont vessels, why Now Bedford supplied half the number of wlialors, about 800. Tho early years of my life were passed on the South American coast, then later on in the Indian Ocean, and west coast of Africa. I'll tell you a rum place, that's Juan Fernandez, where Robinson Crnsoo was supposed to have lived. I've landed there, but, oh Lord ! it would take hours to tell you my adventures, and you've not- got the time. Valparaiso ! I should smile. Know it as well as the Wybong. Funny placo . Valparaiso. Everything there is fore-top, main-top, and mizzen-top., I'll explain. The mizzen-top is for the captain, everything up-to-Dick' and toffy like : then comes the main-top, for officers — them's a little plainer and less costly; and then the fore-top for ' poor old Jack,' who gets drnnk, fleeced of all cash, and is ' shanghaied' oh board with empty pockets and a sore head. Yes, Valparaiso's a rum shop. The narrowest squeak in my life was when our ship caught fire off the coast of Peru, aud ' all hands' escaped over tho side by the skin of their teeth into boats. That nearly turned my I hair grey as you see, but you'll exeuso me, Mr. Mackenzie,' upon which the old salt, in answer to a bar call, is wanted to ' fill 'em up again,' the Queensland drovers just beginning to ' feel' themselves, so to speak. Maxwell, referred to above, has an area of 170 acres under vines and cultivation at the Wybong, and is a man who has gained his position inch by inch, and won his spur3 as honorably as most men in Australia. On being questioned as to his early career, I was much interested to hear his accounts of ' overlanding' and some of the perils attached to that business. ? ' You were across to the Gulf with cattle in '80, Mr. Maxwell ?' v : ' Yes, we took 1000 head across for Mr. Hungerford, Baerami, the journey occupying 10 months'good.' ' Were the losses heavy on the way ?' ' Well, they were not small by any means, as many as 200 head, but the reason was no fault of mine or anyone else's.' 'How so ?' ' The cattle were 'poisoned through eating some particular kind of weed, and the. man who followed me with another lot was 180 short when he arrived at tho end of his - journey.' ' In those days, I presume, the blacks were very troublesome ?' 'You're right. There wero .uo settlements like there are to- day, such as Croydon gold: fields ? and other places, so that a man went forth with his life in his hand.' 'Tell me, Mr. Maxwell, an exciting ad venture, if you had one.' \ ' Well, I think we went just as near copping out by spears as any man might wish for, and had we not peppered 'em with rifles, well, I wouldn't be sitting here now. You must understand that I had only one man with me, so that we were at a , considerable disadvantage. On the night of the attack, we were just' as much surprised as you would be — if they walked in now— and the first thing that made me ' sit-up' was a spear thrust here' — and suiting the action to the word Mr. Maxwell rolls up a sleeve, and dis closes a cicatrice that must have caused, him great agony whilst healing. 'As- soon as we realized our terrible situation, we let fly with our rifles — upon which the enemy fled in disorder.' ? ' 'Had you . done anything to provoke them?' ' Nothing whatever. But the chances are some chaps had been at 'em before we came, and so by way of retaliation and revenge they went for the first white men that came along. It's a funny way blacks have.' ' You tell me the stock-route in those days was not defined. How then did' you make, your destination correctly ?' . ' We steered simply by the compass, just like a vessel at sea, and managed to navigate pretty accurately. Oh, it's a terrible country altogether, and I can assure you I've no wish to go back again. Malarial fever is rampant, and nearly all Hunter men get.it— healthy or otherwise.' ' What about the country for stock ?' 'Well, in my opinion, taking it all through, it's bad for them. Things grow abundantly, of course, sweet, potatoes and all kiuds qf herbage being plentiful, but cattle somehow, dou't thrive as well -as tliey do further south. In fact, 'tis only fit for blackfellows.' Mr. Maxwell's droving experiences have not been limited to the Gulf country only, for lie lias made trips to South Australia, having with him on one occasion Mr. Kirk, of the Goulburn River, referred to in my article oil Baerami. Leaving tlie Wybong, .with an icy wind sweeping down from the mountain spurs, and leaden-coloured racing clouds flying low and suggestive of a snow storm, I made the most of my time in reaching Hall's Creek. When I thought of my roasting drives last summer and thon compared them with the freezing wind that met mo as hill after hill was climbed, it was almost impossible to* credit .that . I was in the sarno .degree of latitude. ' All naturo looked 'grey aud faded — the grass in spite of the rain wore a yellow and parched appearance— duo to frequent frosts — whilst' , cattle stood huddled and wretched looking, with their backs to the biting breeze. Old women might appear for an instant perhaps, at thoir door ways to see who it was passing — as country folk arc wont' to do — swathed in red' flannel petticoats with jaws tied up— then ,back to the fire and teapot again. Oh, the' glory of blankets and a ' night-cap' (hot) on such a wild wintry evening ! 