Church of Our Lady of the! Assumption, Gamperdown. On Sunday, tit lo a.m., tho mToinony of bloHHiiiK tlio -:hoir Kiillory latuly iTtH'tcd ii, thin I'hurcli wiih porfoniiml 1-y the liitfht K--v, Moiieitfiior U'Mriitn. A piwiwHion of tho hh'HiIht* of tli-» .Soeioly of the ('}ii!-ln-» of Mury .iiiul of ()n- children of tho hi'IiooIh, which inn comlurU'il liy tl-« SMith of St. ?loHoph, hud pi'i'vinunly ltcnn I'oriuml uutHiile, uiul, IiciuIihI l»y thu hiinunr of tin* kcIiooIh —ii )iu'K»' mid IiiiiiiImoiiic banner, bearing on ii ground of azure an inia^o of tho MlcHHi'd Virgin, with tho Hitlutution ' Avn Maria' in ^ol-l lolterH underneath — marched round thu grounds of tins chuivh and into tho Hiiurml building, whoro pluous luul boon j'OHorvcil for thoso who tool; part in it. 'I'ho Children of Mary, in thoir hluo tnantloH and whito voils, walkud llrst, tlion ciuno tho school jjirls attirod in whito, also with voMh, and ai'tur thoin tho boys, banners and bannerols mark ing tho difforont divi sions. Tho si^ht was a protty ono, and tho Bintfintf of tlio twirls and children who accompanied their inarch by appropriate hymns was very touching. Tho sanctuary and altar had boon adorned for tho occasion with grout tusto. A quantity of beautiful flowers woro arranged thoro in garlands and wreaths with oxipiisito tnsto. Tho altars of tho Sacred Heart, tho Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph were similarly ornamented. The interior of tho church is very neat, and tho now gallery forms a handsome addition to it. The gontlomon who took part in tho management of the procession, the collec tion and other necessary proceedings, wero Messrs. T. Murphy, 2-1-esident °* ^ne l°ca' branch of tho St. Vincent do Paul Society ; Lyons, vice-president ; Byrnes, McCole, Pope, G. Gohrig., P. Cahill, J. Robertson and McKernan. A Missa Cantata was sung by tho Eev. Father Mulholland, parish priest. Tho music performed by the choir was the 'Kyrie,' 'Agnus Dei' and 'Sanctus,' from Weber's Mass in ' G,' Avith Farmer's ' Credo ' and ' Gloria,' and at the offer tory the Bach-Gounod ' Avo Maria.' The solos were taken by Madame Pechotsch and Miss Roberts (soprano), Miss Lonergan and Mrs. Murphy (contralto), Herr Pechotsch (tenor), and Mr. Angelo (bass). Mrs. Lonergan acted as organist, Herr Pechotsch played the violin, and Mr. Dwyer the double bass. The performance was in all respects most successful. The sermon was proached by the Rev. Father Mclnerney, S. J. The rev. preacher took as his text the Epistle of the Sunday, chapter iv. of the Epistle of St. Paul to the Ephesians, and preached an eloquent, instructive and affecting sermon. The words of tho Apostle, he said, con veyed to the Christian of tho present day consoling information and enlightenment. They were applicable also to our own century. The faith still lived 5 the words of the Apostle resounded to-day in the same Church. There was one faith and one baptism. All Catholics were members of the mystical body of Christ, and co-heirs of eternal life. To understand the full import of tho Apostle's words it was neces sary to understand tho circumstances in which they were written. The Apostle was a prisoner, and in chains. It was 30 years after tho ascension of our Blessed Lord. St. Paul had travelled through the Roman Empire. He had more than once suffered imprisonment, and now he was in chains at Rome. His words, therefore, might all the more appeal to their feeling. I, a prisoner, and in chains, he said, beseech you that you do what I ask you. St. Patil had preached in Ephesus for three years. He had visited the city three different times. Pie had taken to heart the salvation of tho Ephesians, Ephesus was a great city, the metropolis of a province, and the seat of a Roman pro-consul. Strabo, as well as other -writers, described it as the most commercial of all the cities of thoso parts; it was likewise a great centre of pagan worship. Its Temple of Diana Avas counted among tho soven wonders of the world. St. Paul's object was to make the city a centre of Christianity. For three years he had been confronted there by the opposition of the pagan worshippers of Diana. The Temple of Diana at Ephosus was the largest that had over been erected by a Grecian architect. It was 420ft. in length and 220ft, in breadth. It had 128 pillars, each 60ft. in height, and all richly carved. It was looked upon as a place of particular sanctity. Letters or scrolls were issued from it which were supposed to be endowed with preternatural power, and it was associated with a spiritualism or spiritism somewhat similar to that found at the present day. St. Paul confronted all this to bring over thoso people, whose hearts wore seared by the false doctrines of paganism, from their corruption and de grading vico. He had seemingly begun his discourses in a public place, a piiblic theatre. In a short time tho wholo fity was in commotion. Tim (iuild of tho SilvKiwiiithtt saw that danger throatonod tho worship of Pimm, and that St. Paul wiih drawing iiwuy tho body of hoi1 wnrnhippm'ri. Thoy canned a tumult in tho city that it required the Htrongth of the ifoinun iwiiih to mibduo. ?St. I'aul likewise met with dilliculties from converted Jews. Some uf them there were who endeavoured to continue the ohHorvnneo of tint rites liy which the Jews Imd heon hound, to make a compromise between the MoHiiio law and that of Christ. St. Paul preached that 1'hrintmns were not bound liy ceremonial rite», that they were free with tho liberty with which Christ had mado them free. 'I'ho Apostle, therefore, had enemicK among the professors of Judaism, as well as among the pagans. Tln» champion of Christianity in those cities wan besot with dilliculties and herewieK, which, if not the same us Oio.so which now prevailed, showed that the demon was at work to destroy tho unity of thu faith by making a compromise between Judaism and Christianity. Persecution strengthened tho heart of man and brought it noaror to God. The soul, relying upon Divine grace, felt itself drawn nearer to God, and endowed with power to defy tlio j world, tho flesh, and tho dovil. St. Paul felt his heart burning more and more with the love of God. Ho dreaded lost the Ephesians should be drawn away, and hence, bo took up his pen to write them a short epistle.. His purpose was first to remind his converts of what they had been before thwy received tho faith of Christ Jesus. What fruit, ho asked them, had they of those things ? Ho pointed out to thorn tho deeper mysteries, tho grandeur of tho faith, that thoy wore the co-heirs with Christ, tho children of tho saints, the friends of God. They bad had their ton^lo with its ritual and its riches ; they had been proud of it, and of their great Diana. For two hours they had rent the air in the groat theatre with their shouts in honour of their pagan goddess. What, asked the Apostle, were you when yoix fell down and worshipped pagan idols ? Lot them ask themsolves, that they might learn to know what was the depth and breadth and length and height of the love of God for them. What were they ? he asked. He drew a graphic picture of human nature without God. They had bowed down before idols, before the degraded passions. There was not a single ?passion that thev did not deifv and worship. Lust was represented by Venus; drunken ness and debauchery by Bacchus ; cruelty by Mars. All the worst passions were deified under their gorgeous ritual. Was not the same true of the people of their own day? asked the rev. preacher. If they did not boar the yoke of Christ, if their bodies were not the temple of the Holy Ghost, did they not fall down and worship the same things that the pagans had worshipped ? Let them cast a glance abroad. There was no medium. If thoy were not the children of God, they were led by His enemy, the demon, to be the worshippers of lust, or drunkenness, or avarice, or injustice, and all degraded vices. St. Paul begged of the Ephesians to remember what thoy had boon, and the change that had been wrought in them by the faith that is in Christ Jesus — how, when the love of God entered into their hearts, it had transformed their whole being. They were no longor outcasts, living in drunkenness and debauchery, but were free with the freedom by which God had mado them free. Uhey had broken the bonds of error and come into the light of faith. Such was the teaching of the Apostte in tho first part of the epistle. He reminded them of what they had been, and besought thorn to walk worthy of their calling. He bade them not be discouraged because he was in prison. Such discouragement, said the rev. preacher, was a very ordinary tempta tion. It occurred to almost all Christians. Where was the uso of their piety, thoy asked themselves, when misfortune or unhappiness seemod nothing the better of it ? So, too, some among the early Christians said that St. Paul could not be a teacher of the truth, because he had been cast into prison. St. Paul begged of them not to bo discouraged by his bonds, which were their glory. Tho things that made them ashamod, ho said, woro thoir glory, and must be so, because they showed them to bo worthy of the lovo of God. Our Divine Lord had said, as they have perse cuted Me, so shall thoy persecute you ; as they have calumniated Me, so shall thoy calumniate you. Tims were Christian souls chastened. The Apostles had all hoen marked out for persecution. Thoy had shed thoir blood for tho faith. As the Apostle spoke of persecution his face beamed with joy. And so, said the preacher, it was now. Catholics, it was charged, woro poor, and made no progress. They woro cast down, and did not siicceed in life. But this pointed to thoir glory. It was a sign that they had the faith of Christ Jesus. If they were of the world, the world would love its own. Persecution form pel thoir glory. Their poverty formed their glory. St. Paul, the prisoner, had said that, his chains and his persecutions Avoro the glory of thoso Avhom ho addressed. All who lived piously in Christ Jesus must suffer persecution. This was tho criterion of thoir faith. But, in spite of all, they per severed and still worked on, knowing that thoir Father in Heaven would not allow even a cup of cold water given by ono of them to pass unrewarded. Tho Apostle spoke of the necessity of the unity of tho faith. From his chains ho begged of thorn carefully to preserve this unity. Tho mystical body of the Church of God, Avhose members thoy wore, Avas but one. As the members of tho human body formed one harmonious Avbolo, so thoy avIio Avere the body of Christ formed one harmonious whole. The members did not act against one another. There was one body and one spirit — the Holy Spirit ani mated the mystic body of the Church. St. Paul taught that there Avas one Lord, one faith, one baptism, ono hope of life eternal. Paul Avas not one, and Potor another, and Apollos a third ; but all Avere one. Thoro Avas one Father in Heaven who was above all, and over all, and governed all. There fore, the Apostle, the prisoner of Christ Jesus, besought them to jireservo unity in tho bond of peace. Do not, he said, Avallc as the heathens do, or return to dissensions. Did they not, asked the preacher, see thoso who Avere carried aAvay by tho spirit of tho world rejecting every doctrine of the Christian faith, indulging in .their oavii Avays, and making idols of their own pleasures P Thoso avIio had not tho Catholic Christian faith Avoro driven about; by evei'y Avind of doctrine. By thoir fruits they should knoAV thorn. Thoy gave them selves up in despair to every kind of un cleannoss. Uncloannoss pervaded all ranks of society. What Avas to bo seem at tho theatres ? Was it not tho worship of Venus, and tho representation of impurity P Everything spoke of the worst passions of a fallen nature. Again, Avoro they not poured forth in the thoughts t/bat pervaded the daily Press. The books that avo re commonly sold contained everything that could deprave. St. Paul called on those ho addressed to Avalk Avorthy of thoir voca tion, to show themsolvos deserving of the title of followers of Christ Jesus. Far be it from me, he said, to glory in anything but in Christ Jesus, and in Him crucified. He gloried in his chains, in his persecutions. So, said tho preacher, thoy avIio Avoro children of the glorious Catholic faith should be proud of it. Shanio on thoso Avho Avere not proud of it. Somo of thoso avIio Avoro blessed Avith the goods of this world Avere ashamod of the faith, and tried to keep it out of sight. Sliruno on those avIio did so. Judgment avouUI overtake them unless they did ponnnco, Their Heavenly Father Avould bo ashamod of thorn. Thoso Avho Avoro prosont thoro wore not ashamed of thoir Catholic faith. Lot them ronow thoir faith, and bo active in showing it in thoir Avorks. Let them embellish thoir church. God lovodachoerf til giver. Thoy Avoro doing all thoy could to beautify tho house in which tho Lord of Heaven Avas a prisoner of love in tho taber nacle, and God Avould roAvard thorn a thousand fold. Let them give all tho en couragomont thoy could to their zealous pastor, avIio Avas never weary in his efforts to draw them nearer to tho Sacrod Heart of Jesus. Let them bo up and doing that thoy might save tho faith of thoir' little ones. The rev. preacher concluded by an exhortation to weak-minded parents not to endanger tho souls of their children by alloAving them to attend schools which Avero the sominariea of paganism. At tho conclusion of tho Mass, Monsignor O'Brien announced the result of tho morn ing's collections as amounting to .£18. It would not bo long, ho said, before tho total amount of tho sum oxponded in erecting the gallery Avas subscribed. 