Womanhood Suffrage. A deputation of ladies, probably including the same persons -who last year told Mr. Reid that he was the greatest of Premiers, again interviewed that much-interviewed man yesterday to press upon him the cause of womanhood sunrage. The ladies, through their spokeswoman, Miss Rose Scoit, put forward a new phrase. They wanted no longer to be treated as ' creatures of sex,' but as human beings. They also, it must be noted, dropped their old watchword. Mr. Reid was no longer the greatest of Premiers, or at least the contemplation of nis great ness was not thrust upon him. He was merely assured that if he and his colleagues did what they were aBked a blessing would fall on all their other work. As for Mr. Redd when he rose to reply he tad nothing new to say. He was blandly conciliatory, and, it must be added, procrastinating. He would submit the matter to the Cabinet, and then there would be three questions to be considered: (1) Whether the Government could undertake the bill this next session ; (2) whether they would allow a mem ber of the Government who was in favor of the bill to introduce it, and give him time out of the Government time ; (3) whether a private member should be allowed facilities. The deputation must have known quite enough of politics to be sure that the statement of all these courses was ominous of indefinite delay. They can hardly either ? have felt reassured by Mr. Ebid's prediction that if a private member introduced a womanhood suf frage bill there would be an over whelming majority of the Assembly in favor of it. Had he not previously 6poken with real, or affected, misgiving of the pro bable attitude of the Council, which has in its time crushed by force of solid conservatism so many Utopian schemes? Probably the attitude of the Premier towards womanhood suffrage is like that of the great bulk of politicians who have consented to listen to the feminine propaganda at all — he does not believe in it j but he does not think it will do much harm, and therefore he does not think it worth while to be plain-spoken to a deputation which, if he displeased it would be capable of telling him that he was rude or even ' horrid.' 'We do not know that this is the Premier's condition of mind, but it is prob able that it is, because that is the way that most men o.f experience think. They believe that -womanhood suffrage would not do much harm because it would not change very much. In the first place the majority of women do not care .about the power to vote and -would probably refuse to use it' if they had^it. In the next, many of the ..married women ' who are interested xn politics couid vote already by proxy. It is to be presumed that those: ladies who are masters of their own households and -whose male partners are spoken of, as a rule, as Mrs.* So-and- So's husband, direct as to how the franchise shall be -eiercised,as in regard to how other things shall be done, and are obeyed, despite the secresy of the ballot, be cause their husbands, whatever their views, feel incapable 'of voting contrary to orders, and than, standing domestic cross examination. When women get votes, and probably some time or oiiieriiiey will, it is to be presumed that, husbands with : any forcie of character will in the same way see that their better halves do not yote against them, and thus, as far as married people are concerned, womanhood suffrage means at the most that whoever wears the breeches shall have a possibility of controlling two votes ' instead of one. It is rather a queer conclu sion for womanhood suffrage to arrive at, but facts are stubborn things. There re main to be considered the unattached ladies. Presumably the younger of these will no more trouble about the ballot-box than they now trouble about studying politics in the abstract. This would leave as an active political force the severe type of women who do not want to be treated as creatures of sex. If these got what is technically called a pull, the last state, of the country they controlled would be worse than the first. Attempts to make its inhabitants vir tuous by act of Parliament would probably be numerous and persistent enough to drive them mad. But of the advanced women who protests against being treated as a ' creature of sex,' it may be said, as some one said of the British infantry, 'fortu- nately there are very few of them.' Probably there will be fewer whenever women of political pretjentions are expected to hold views on the Land Act capable of lucid explanation, or to be able to recognise that economy in the Civil Service, if called for in the public interest, is not oppression, even though it lead to many specimens of ?what is usually known as a ' nice young man for a small teaparty ' having to get their living without the taxpayers' as sistance. Yesterday there was a deputation to the Post master General concerning colored supplements printed outside the colony. Tbe parties repre sented were the members of the Lithographic Printers' Society, the members of the Typographical Association, and the members of the Master Printers' Association ; the introducer -eras Mr. O'ciullivan, M.L.A. The principal grievance of the deputation was against the 'Town and Country Journal,' the colored , supplement of the Christmas number of which, was, because of circumstances which it is here unnecessary to explain, but -which had nothing1 to do with lack of skill of local artists or lithographers, not of local production. The deputation laid great stress upon, the fact that the circulation of the Christmas number of the 'Town and Country Journal ' was 75,000 copies, and that the paper was 2£oz over the weight allowed by tke regula tions. Various speakers thought that in conse quence of this big circulation, and in consequence of this overweight, the Postal Department ought to have got more out of the ' Journal ' than it did. We should be quite willing to leave this little controversy where the deputation left it, for it ie perfectly evident, even from the show ing of critics, that what the lithographic printers lost by not printing one illustration other printers gained by having the setting up of letterpress covering 2& ounces of paper beyond what is usually included in a Christmas number ; and the, public gained by getting a paper weighing 2% ounces . more than they supposed they had paid for. On 75,000 copies of the ChriBt inas number of the 'Town and Country Journal' the extra (virtually gratuitous) paper, covered with reading matter, which the public received was 187,500 ounces. And yet there can be found people mean enough te grumble ! The ground alleged for the grumbling after this generous treatment is that if, as the speakers seemed to suppose had been the case, all the 75,000 copies of the Christmas number of the ' Town and Country Journal ' had been sent througn the post, then the Postal Department would hare been a loser to tke amount of £475 on the sending of the 75,000 copies. The proprietors of the 'Town and Country Journal' would, if they could, be .happy to give the Postal Department the credit of hav ing joined with them in presenting the newspaper reading public with nnprecede'ntly full value for its money. Bnt in the interests of truth - it is necessary to Bay that the ' Town and Country ' proprietary bore the whole cost of the extra paper and composition itself. A large number of the 75,000 copies were sold in Sydney ; with the con veyance of those the Postal Department had, of course, nothing to do. A large number more of the 75,000 copies were sent by parcel to agents. As for the balance of the 75,000 copies the Postmaster-General him self said that during the past two months the 'Town and Country' had paid J2203 19s 9d for stamps, and that the proprietors sent the. papers to the Post Office where they were stamped. Putting all these matters together it would seem that no one has any cause to grumble, ex cept, possibly, the proprietors of the ' Town and Country ' who have given extra value to their subscribers and then have been held up as trying to evade obligations to the Post Office which the Postmaster-General himself shows have been fully met. There really seems to have been a wrapper produced upon which the payment had been l£d short ; bnt upon postage for thousands of papers one slip of l£d is a very small affair. Moreover for all the deputation knew this paper was posted, after purchase, by eome private individual, in fact it almost certainly was so purchased and posted. At the conference of delegates 'of the unem ployed which was oontinue'd last night in the Temperance Hall, among other proposals for the better regulation of matters was the following : That the Government, instead of borrowing money ixom foreign sources for the purpose of developing the resources of the colony, and absorbing the unem ployed, should issue national credit notes, gradually: redeemable at face valne. ' . The people who entertain, notions of this kind, and who apparently . regard the acceptance of them as the beginning df financial wisdom, are presumably ignorant of the fact that they have been carried into practical effect else where, and invariably with more or less of dis appointment ' and disaster. ' In the well known lines in which the famous English poet has satirically apostrophised' blest paper credit/' he speaks of it as & thing' which 'lends corruption lighter wings to fly.' He was alluding to ' credit ' which was really based upon nothing, a characteristic in which it would resemble the paper system which the. resolution in question recommends. And most decidedly from* nothing ' could .come— except in this case, perhaps, confusion worse cottiounded. * The Premier was engaged yesterday in hearing from representatives of the Hunter Biver colliery ?proprietora why Jhey dp not charge tbe publit a higher. price for their coal. ,. It is to be observed, first of all, that alt the colliery proprietors were not represented at the. conference. Three of the leading mine-owners -were absent, on the plea that the -date of the meeting was not convenient for them. Their absence was not satisfactory to the other proprietors, who seem to tbinf that the abaanteea want to play a lone hud. However ? r. ? ' — ' . — ,1 ;nat ? may be, the conference went on, and oh reading the report of the proceedings one is struck with the fact that -Mr. Eeid all through appears to have looke'd upon the task set him by isis previous interviewers as a hopeless one. He even became sarcastic at the idea that there were persons anxions to waste their substance and carry on great business enterprises at a Iobs. During the interview yesterday these facts were clearly brought out: That New castle harbor is just now pretty full of Bhips awaiting cargoes of coal; that trade is brisk; that very few of the companies are paying divi dends — some returning small profits, and others no profits at all ; that many of the miners are regularly employed, and some of them earning fair wages; and that the trade re viral is due to the low . price of coaL But beyond this, it is -abundantly clear that, owing te the low price of coal and the recent slackness of trade, there is much, poverty in the district. Mr. Reid believes that tbe colliery company shareholders are even worse off than the miners. The conference lias demon strated what most people were pretty certain about before, namely, that little is to be hoped from Government interference. Still, no harm is done, and eo long as Buch efforts as those of tbe Premier are confined to , mediation, without any attempt at coercion, there is even a possibility of some good being achieved. Official intervention has before to day resulted in restoring Amicable relations be tween capital and labor, and may again, if judi ciously conducted. Lord Kosebery, by his good offices, succeeded in settling the disastrous coal trade dispute in England in 1893; and Mr. ABquitb, the then Home Secretary, managed to settle the cab strike of 1894. The dynamiters in Lisbon who tried to blow uP the house of the doctor who had pronounced one of the fraternity — the would-be regicide — a lunatic, was seemingly incensed at the medico for having deprived their associate of the pros pective honors of a martyr in the cause. The Portuguese capital is said to have beebme a favorite retreat of anarchists, owing to the mildness of the law. However they seem to be in a fair way of malting the little peninsular kingdom as hot for themselves as they have already made more important. European States. But indeed there are signs that the fever of anarchism has nearly burned itself out, and that the social and political unrest of nations will find very different developments, though still it is to be feared ones which will be very far from realising ideal theories as to the progress of the human race. In other words, we seem threatened with international wars on a gigantic -soale. And it is even to be imagined that some at least of the political doctors of the age would see in the out break of a general war a cure for the anarchist enidemic, and cheerfully accept it for that purpose. A cure no doubt it would prove, at any rate for a while. As far as formal resolutions and proposals go the American Government has settled the eastern question, and made an end of the Turk as a dis turbing element in Europe. A bill has been brought forward in the United States House of Representatives, declaring tkat it is desirable to abolish the Sultanate of Turkey, and to create Turkey into a State under the control of the European Powers, with a Christian President. Suck a scheme looks very nice upon paper, especially to people who have never taken the trouble to make themselves acquainted with tbe simple facts in connection with, the later history of the Turkish. Empire. The creation of such a state as the framer of the proposal submitted to the House of Representatives pic tures would be an impossibility. Tke expulsion of the Turks from Europe is indeed conceivable as an event which may happen at no distant day, also tke division, among some of tke Powers of the property left wken the ' Sick Man' shall at last have given up the ghost. But to attempt tbe transformation ot Turkey into a separate Chris tian State would be to introduce complications which would in many respects be no improve ment at all on those of the present situation. The existence of such a state would be an inevitable cause of quarrel among the great- European Powers, but then it may be said tkat the Chris tian inhabitants of Turkey and its provinces would, at any rate, be safe from further molestation, at the bands of their old oppressors. Unfortunately, tke case of the oppressed Christians would seem to sit lightly enough on the shoulders of the nation which, for a while, posed as their ardent champion. Had Russia really been in earnest in tkat matter a stop would have soon been put to the Armenian horrors. Russia, apparently, was more intent on thwarting England than succoring the Armenians. Her reported answer to tke other American suggestion tke other day for interference in behalf of the Armenians shows vrkat ker real attitude is. Her alleged excuse for not bringing pressure to boar on tke Sultan was, it will be remembered, that the payment of the indemnity by Turkey for tke last war with Russia might be tkereby interfered with. But it is t© be thought tkat if at that very recent period, wken tke idea of any serious differ ence between England and America was as yet un dreamt of, tke United States, as a great civilised power kad raised its voice in union with tkat of .England, in favor of a radical reform in Turkish administration, some satis factory result might speedily have been accom plished. It is clear enough at all events tkat oace menaces against England were heard from the other side of tke Atlantic, tko Sultan took up a. position which he had not dared to as sume before. It appears almost equally certain tkat America's good friend the Czar is behind him. In respect ot America's solicitude for the Christians under tke rule of the Turk, it is to be remarked tkat though of course highly creditable from a philanthropic point of view, it involves a curious inconsistency with that principle wkick witk bo muck enthu siasm has lately been reasserted, and in an amplified form by tke Americans. Tkey declare that no European power shall henceforth extend its influence in the western continent, or use it, eitker directly or indirectly, as a battle ground for the settlement of old world disputes. Europe, the Americans say. must henceforth consume ker own smoke, and not let any. of it annoy them. Tkis programme necessarily supposes non interference on the part of tke Americans witk European affairs. On tke contrary we now hear of an off suggestion for dealing with one of tke most serious of all European questions, and by methods which however well meant, are, it is to be feared, wholly unpractical. 