IN THE GALLERY. The event of the session-the Budget Speech monopolised nearly the whole of yesterday afternoon's sitting. The Interest which is usually manifested on such occasions was not absent yesterday, but there was nothing in the shape of a demonstration either during the delivery or at its conclusion. Perhaps it was that surprises are becoming common ; It may be due to the fact that there was nothing of a startling nature contained in the speech. As a review of the position of Queensland, it was x hustle and interesting, and members listened attentively to Sir Hugh Nelson's measured utterances ; but there was an utter absence of anything like startling proposals. There was a surplus ; there was no indication of in Increased taxation on the contrary, there were hints that the free list would be extended, but no details were off ere J. Hence there was nothing to quarrel with; hence also there was no necessity for interjections, and everything was as right as right could be. At the termina- tion of the speech, which occupied nearly two hours in delivery, the debate was adjourned until Tuesday at the request of Mr. Jackson as spokesman for the Labour party, Mr. Glassey being ill, and, therefore, absent. The Inebriates' Institution Bill was again called on for further worrying. Clause 8 (the stopping place the other night), dealing with the admission of inebriates, entailed considerable discussion. Mr. Turley and others wished to make submission to the asylum compulsory, and do away with the necessity for intervention on the part of friends. But the underlying principle of the bill was voluntary action, and the suggestions were not accepted, although the Colonial Secretary went some distance to meet them, and made it possible for any two Justices of whom a police magistrate shall be one to commit an inebriate against whom three convictions had been recorded within one year. The member for Burke was in great fighting trim. He threw a regular bombshell into the camp of " the legal brigade." The attack took the form of a new clause, making it legal for an Inebriate to be represented by agent other than a lawyer. Mr. Hoolan had It seems, himself so appeared-though in a court case- and had floored all the legal lights. He drew a harrowing picture of the fleecing propensities of lawyers, conjuring up the ghosts' of ca. sa., fi. fa., contempt of court, and all the rest, and declaring that no commisera- tion was ever shown anybody by the " leeches" unless he had the dollars to plank down. It was useless Mr. Tozer saying the amendment was out of place, and if carried would wreck the bill. Mr. Hoolan meant business ; there was no nonsense about him, and the question would be forced into division, supposing he stood alone. He meant on every possible occasion to attack " that high, clever, noble, and monopolistic profession, the law." It was after 9 o'clock before the Committee got away from this point, and then it was only a temporary lapse. Mr. Leahy had suggested that the amendment was out of place, and would be properly installed as the last clause. Mr. Hoolan even fully agreed to hold over his amendment, and the Committee-or, to be more correct, some of the Committee-were permitted to make a little progress with the bill. Evidently resenting the . flagging interest, Mr. Hoolan at one stage called attention to the state of the House, with the result that members were summoned from the cosy retreats within the walls of the smokeroom, and a quorum was formed. The did not stay long, however, and three minutes later the summons had to be repeated. By way of diversion, Mr. M'Donald drew attention to an alleged irregularity in the way the Chairman put the question, and there seemed a reasonable prospect of a big discussion on a point of order. But the whole thing was a flash in the pan for although Mr. /M'Donald was not satisfied with the explanation that the departure was made to save time, he did not out of consideration for time, press the point. Mr. Hoolan was truly on the reform track. After clause 25, he wished to insert a new clause, giving members of Parliament and editors of Queensland newspapers the right of entrance to re- treats within certain hours. Needless to say, the right of entrance had reference only to investigations, but a little fun was knocked out of it. Mr. Tozer would have none of it, however and without saying too much about the danger of giving unrestricted rights of entrance to retreats to politicians, he declared with emphasis that so far as some members of the Press were concerned, he would not allow them within half- a-mile of his house without locking it up. Mr. Hoolan, as a member of the Fourth Estate, naturally resented this aspersion, and talked very straight, re- minding the Colonial Secretary, among other things, that Pressmen actually found their way into Parliament, and although only Inferior Pressmen, they had every chance of " jumping into the hon. gentleman's breeches and wearing his boots." Mr. Hoolan found several sympathisers In his desire to have the retreats opened to rigorous inspection, and as he did not display any willingness to postpone his second amendment, Mr. Tozer at 10.30 moved the Chairman out of the chair, and the House rose. 