THE REID-TOZER IMBROGLIO. It would have been wiser perhaps if Mr. G. H. Reid had refrained from endeavouring to explain away the one unpleasant incident which Mr. Tozer says befel him during his travels in the southern colonies. Mr. Tozer, the (Queensland uoiomai secretary, relates that he set out for Broken Hill as the guest of the New South Wales Premier, who on three different occasions had invited him to accompany him thither. The party, however, included several of the New South Wales labour members, and at Adelaide the pair who represented Broken Hill bethought them how damaging it would be to their reputation were they to appear on thesacredsoilof Sleath's martyrdom in affable companionship with one of the Ministers who were responsible for preserving Queensland from civil war and anarchy. Mr. Tozer, they felt, would not do at all ; and either with or without the consent of Mr. Reid they informed his guest of that fact. The 'Queensland visitor finding himself a kind of tainted wether among the labour flock agreed to remain behind, in Adelaide, which be did, and though he professes to cherish no grudge, he has naturally told the story in Brisbane. Mr. Reid's explanation in the Assembly is a lame one. When visiting Brisbane he found Mr. Tozer in ill- health, and, being cordially and kindly disposed, gave him an invitation. But what was the invitation? Why, according to Mr. Reid, he informed his prospective guest that be was going to Broken Hill, and pressed for Air. Tozeb's company to Adelaide. Why should Mr. Reid explain a projected trip, and ask his friend to go half the way? Nobody sends a dinner guest an invitation to the soup and entries only. The only feasible excuse would be that the Premier, remembering labour members would accompany him, foresaw that this difficulty might arise. But he did not. Mr. Reid says he knew nothing about the little contitiemps with the labour members until he had been to Broken Hill and got back to Adelaide. Against this there is the clear assertion of Mr. Tozer that he ascertained from Mr. Reid that he sympathised with the timid scruples of the labour representatives before he consented to drop behind like a lame duck. Queen's Birthday. — Queen's nirthday was favoured by the traditional Queeu'e weather. The places of business were closed, and at night there were numerous bonfires around. Appointment.— Mr. G. S. Ridley to net aa Warden's Clerk, Alining Registrar, and Officer authorised to issue miners' rights, business aiiri mineral licenses, at Hurrowa, vice Mr. Makiusun, transferred, cucli appointment to be temporary, And take effect from the 15th ultimo. Temoua Puesbytekias? Charge. —The Rev. J. Daweon Edwards, for six years ia charge »f ihe Huirowa and Murruiuburrah Pres--y-eriau Churches, has received a tai; at Tuninra. liFinas at Narrawa.— Tenders are uivitrd fir the erection of a low level tiuiixT lii-am liriilsje over the l-chlan Itiver at Narrnwn, mart Narrvra to Buii.'v.i. Tend re wiil be received up lu 'he !*'? July. SeIjCuticns. — Tlwre were uo selections taki-n up at the Local Laud Office on Thursday. I'dblicak.1.' Lj-:ensim. — Holders of puilicii -I1 .icent s nud cul.-.iial wine li enact at:;-- Bu ?mvaLic-jue'r.-g district, » :ich .spire on tlio 30tli June, are rettindml that n-lice of application for renewal must be delivered to the IiiBpector (Seuiur-sergeant Prior) ton days prior to the holding of the Licensing Court at which the application is to be heard. Wed.iusriay, 17th June, is the day a.jpohitnl f-T t.ie Court in Burrowa. It ib unly necessary to uivo notice to the Inspector ; and the Regulations (provide that the applicant shall state in his application whether the accomnittdation of his premiers is in conformity with the provisions of sec. 30 of tho Principal Act, or of sue 9 of thu Licensing AcD of 1883. It is important lhat the notices should be in strict conformity with the Act and the Regulations, as it is not in the power of the Cuurt to waive any irregularity. Land Appeal Court.— The following appeals will be beard at the Land Appeal Court, to be held in Sydney, on 10th Juue next .— T. J. Brown,- against the appraised vnluu of improvements on his conditional purchase, No. 94-29, Buorowa ; M. Ryan, against tho finding of the Board thnt conditiun of residence Viab n»t been fulfilled on his conditional purchase. No. 90-249, ltaorown. Laxd Tax Assessors.— Tlie following tenders hnve been accepted for assessing under the Laud and Income Tax Act : — Land district of Yass, Thomns Bernard ; land district of Young, K. J. Lawler ; land district of Booriiwa, S. H. Btdcher; municipality of Boorovra, Allan Hancock. Keep Yodr Eye Opox Thk Linb.— Wentworth House for Blankets, Winter Drapery, Men's and Boys' Clothing. Best and clii'apust House in the Southern District Fact. Dentistry. — The greatest confidence continues to be placed in Mr. Ernest Gibbon as a skilled dentist. There is now no occasion to rush uif to Sydney and elsewhere for dental treatment, for by observing the dates of Mr. Gibbon's visits to 13 u itu k a this trouble itnd ripeasa may be avoided. Ov kkuue Rents on Con ditional Leases. ? The rents ot the conditional ieaBCi specified below have become over due beyond the limit of six months specified in section % of the Crnwa Lands Act of 1884, and, in consequence, such leases have become liable to be for feited. Unless .the rent, with a fine of 10 per cent, in addition thereto, be puid to the Colonial Treasurer, or the Crown Lands Agent of the district, within one month from this date (20th May), steps will be taken to notify the leases as forfeited :— Christopher O'Leary, 24G; acres, parish Nuinby ; Francis Harris, 40 acres, parish Kember. Talbot v. Talbot. — In Divorce, Elizabeth Talbot, 108 Riley-street, Surry hills, petitioned for divorce from John James Talbot, on the ground of desertion. The parties were married at Young in 1885. There was one child of the marriage. They lived together for seven years. Then respondent, who was described it i' turf agent who kept a barber's shop,' loBt his all, and cleared out. Petitioner has since supported her self as a domestic servant. She earned ten shillings a week, out of which she paid 5s. for the maintenance of her child. Decree nisi, returnable in three months. Tatteesail's Consultations. — The following are the drawers of the placed horses in Tattersall's consultation on the Birthday Cup : — First horse, J. Scott, Mossgiel station, Hay, £4500 ; aecond horse, J. A. Salter, Camden, £1350 ; third horse, M. Cooney, Old Juuee, £900. Shipwiiecks.— During Saturday night a vessel named the Condon? was driven ashore at Morna Point, about seventy-five miles north of Sydney. The ship was dashed to pieces, but the crew escaped. When off Newcastle, the steamer Byron, belonging to Sydney port, loaded with coal, bound from Newcastle to Sydney, sprang a leak and foundered. The crew were rescued by steamers from Newcastle. Another Sydney vessel, the Karoola, wae wrecked at the same spot. The ship's boat containing the crew capsized. The mate was drowned, and one of the aeainen died after being washed ashore. Suspended Solicitors. — It has been generally understood that when a solicitor has been suspended from the practice of his profession for misconduct, or has been struck of the roll of solicitors, he is pre cluded from engaging in any work in a solicitor's office. This has now been placed beyond all doubt, as the following rule uf Court, made on the 9th inst., shows. It runs as follows : — ' No BolicitoJ of the Court, without leave of the Court, shall employ as a clerk, assistant, or writer, or in any other capacity, in or about hiB business bb b solicitor, any person who has been, or who shall be, struck off the roll of solicitors of the Court, or suspended by order of the Court from practice as a solicitor, so long as the said person shall remain struck off tho said roll or suspended as afore said.' The Rivbrina Wheat Crops.— Though more rain is needed to expedite ploughing operations, anticipations its to the area to be placed under crop in the Riverina have been fully realised, and in favored locali ties the squatter could let double the quantity of land were it available. One pastoralist who had 6000 bags of wheat last year as his portion will this yeat have 10,000 acres cropped, and many others have largely increased the areas under wheat. Further back, land ia being let to farmers on the halves principle, but, under the agreement entered into, the squatter does not receive any return unless the crops exceed live bushels to the acre. The Eiikoea Bore. — Tlie super intendent of public watering placea, Mr. Boultbee, arrived at Walgett from Sydney on Saturday, and proceeded at once to inspect the Euroka bore. He confirms the contractors' opinion that the flow is fully 5,000,000 gallons daily, and considers it the largfEt in the colony, and probably in Australia. Efforts will be made )o penetrate the water-bearing rock a few feet further to prove if a large supply is Drocurablo. Crowds uf people daily visit the bore. The country in tha vicinity is already covered with water, which has not yet been diverted into the direction eventually intended, the Ca&tleresgh; River, which is about five miles distant. The drill is situated on 640 acres of Crown laud. The Unemployed. — Another deputa tion urging the claims of the unemployed waited on the Premier on Tuesday. Mr. Reid, in reply, said that the Government were doing all they could to push on legitimate works. There was a large block uf land in the Gwydir district, con Ukiniug about half a million acres, which needed draining. The; wculd put 400 meu on at that for five n:onths within three weeks. Then work at Bourke, which will givu employment to 120 men for four innnihs ; aud works are con templated on the Lachlau in connection with the river and the billal). ng, which will give work to between 330 and 403 men. Ainu a number uf other works passed by the Works Committee. The city railway will be hurried along. Other works elso arts in course of preparation. Rohan Catholic Doctbise.— Writing n reply to Dr. Chalmers, Bishop Lanigao says he is not disposed to differ from him in the opinion that it is unseemly to have the beads of religions bodies discussing theological differences in secular news papers; but three lectures by Dr. Chalmers, on 'The Teaching of the Catholic Church,' were -published in newspapers. The doctrine expressed in the quotation from Cardinal Vaugh&n; that the Virgin and Child shall be inseparably worshipped with that perfect adoration due to God would, cay* Bishop Lanigan, be condemned as heretical, and the quotation is not a correct report of what Cardinal Vaughan did say. It is, lie eays, another proof that Protestant writers and speakers generally misrepre sent Catholic doctrine Bishop Lanigan quotesfrom Cardinal ManningV'Tfliaporal Mission of the Holy Ghost,' and says Cardinal Manning proved the perpetual infallibility of the Church in the second chapter of that work. He closet bis letter with the words: 'Surely, if one is » member of an infallible Church, he can rest 'securely, »nd has no reason to inquire or ask' questions. To do so, Cardinal Manning properly calls treason and heresy.' Mr. E. W, O'Sullivan hat just con cluded a successful tour of the Argyle oorfcion of bis electorate. He held meet ings at Currawang, Collector, Bredalbane, and Y-arra, and was everywhere accorded: a vote of confidence or thanks. Mr. O'Sullivin said amongst other things that the Reid Government bod gone up like a rocket, and was now coming down like a stick. There was a tremendous revulsion of feeling with regard to them in the country districts, and the hostility, of the workers in the city was becoming io manifest that Mr. Reid, thinking dis cretion the better part of valour, had refrained troui making the Ministerial deliverance in his own constituency, and had gone to a distant friendly electorate in order to do so. There could be no doubt that the tide of public opinion had turned, and it was not surprising, considering that the promised prosperity had not couie under freetrade, out in its place had come a reduction of wnget, dnctiaruing of hands, and discontent and irritation at the new taxation. A boy aged 7, named Charles Creasy, residing at 114 Darlington-road, Darling- ton, was fatally injured at the corner of Newtown and Darlington roads on Monday evening. Deceased ran from behind the end of a tram as a grocer's cart, in charge of a man named David Percy, drove past. The horse knocked Creasy down, and the wheels of the vehicle passed over him. He was picked up and taken to the residence of Dr. Craig, but he expired within a few minutes. An old woman named Isabel Lydia Nealds was burnt to death at her husband's residence, Arden-street, Coogee, early on Sunday morning. Mrs. Nealds occupied a room by herself, and it is supposed that the flame of a candle which was by the bedside set fire to the curtains. The house was aroused by hearing the old woman screaming, and it was found, when her room was entered, that the bed was well alight, and that she had sustained terrible injuries. Dr. Lamrock, of Waverley, was called in, but the woman died about 10 o'clock. She was 78 years of age. The failure of the Victorian wheat harvest means a loss of £120,000 in railway freight. Payable gold has been struck a* Gulgong, and a large number of claim8 have been pegged out surrounding the find. The man who committed suicide on Friday, and whose dead body was dis- covered near Jerilderie, hanging to a tree, was named Buse. A warrant had been issued for his arrest for some alleged misappropriation of funds near Tocumwal. He had a racehorse in the Albion Stables when he committed the deed. Buse had been working for some time past for the executors of the late Mr. E. Hillson. Mr. Jeffries paid him a cheque for £20, his included his own and his mates' money, and he cashed the cheque at the Commercial Bank, and left without squaring with his mates. In the dead man's pockets were found three £5 notes, and some silver. A man named Charles W. Andrews, who was liberated at Benalla (Vic.) last week on a charge of embezzlement, was re-arrested on a charge alleged against him from Sydney. He was brought before the court, and Sergeant Johnson, of Sydney, stated that accused had been head clerk of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade under the named of W. Ager. The witness alleged that Ager's defalca- tions amounted to close on £900, and that the police had been looking for him since 1890\. Andrews stoutly maintained that he was not Ager, but on being confronted by Sergeant Johnson, who knew him, he said, "Oh, its no use holding out any longer." He was remanded to Sydney. A now industry has been started it Hartley Vale, namely, candle-making, in connection with the kerosene shale and oil works. The machines are capable of turning out. several thousands per day. The demand is considerable, and keeps the plant going night and day. Mrs. Tyrrell, an old resident of Seymour (Vic.), who is supposed to be suffering from temporary insanity, murdered her grand child, aged three years. She almost cut the head off the body and then proceeded to the police station and confessed having committed the deed. Homrbush Fat Stock Sales. — 39,678 sheep wtro yarded. The quality generally was only medium, but included two or three lots of very prime wethers, with good skins, and mot with good demand from the exporters and others. Prime crossbred w others uinde 9.i. fid., few 11s., extra prime merino f)s. 5d. to Os. lid., few 15a. 3d., good to prime 8s. to 9a., medium Gs. Cd. to 7s. Gd., 'interior from 4s. 5d. ; best crossbred eweu 7s. to 7s. 7d.. prime merino 7s. to 7b. 6d., good Ge. to 6s. Sd. , inferior to media.™ 4s. M. to 5s. ; prime lainlin 7s. to 7s. 8:1., good 'is. to 6a. Cd. 440 ewes ewes, F. W. Hume, Euralie, rail YaB.t, Ss. 4d. 332 wethers, P. Woodhridge, Campbellfields, rail Galnnfc, 5:. 8d. to 6s lid. ; 402 wethers, J. J. Garry, Mylora. rail Diuuluug, 7e. lOd. to 8s. 4J., 83 n ethers, culls, same -m,,er, Us. 7d. to 6s. 9d. 1271 cattle were yarded. The supply consisted of medium to good quality bullocks, with very faw prime forward, aud light pro portion of cows, best yards being in fairly good demand. Prime and weighty yards of bullocks to £5 16s., good £4 10s. to £o, medium 1*3 13«. t' £4. inferior from £2 16s. ; best petiB of cows to £3 14s., medium £2 Os. to £2 15s. Latest stationery novelties at the Burrowa News Office. You Cant Beat Cnletrane and Son'a Special Eucalypte Oil fur Rheumatism. To be obtained at the Burrowa News Book and Stationery Shop. 