H AUK TED HOUSES. Discussing the question as to what legal remedy is open to the tenant of a haunted house the London Daibj Ii~avs writes:— Several eases are reported in old French aud Spanish books, and these will be found analysed in a work entitled '"Cook-lane and Common-sense." The landlord, of course, used to urge that the tenant had brought his own ghost, if it was a ghost, and must abide it. The difficulties of proof were great; the ease, carried from court to court, was un satisfactory, for various ways, haun tings have come into modern law. In the thirties a Captain Moleswortb, living in a semi detached house, next his landlord's in Trinity, Edinburgh, was sued to restrain him from pulling up the floors aud breaking through the partition-walls in search of t!ie causes of mysterious noises. The landlord accused the captain's daughter of being what is now called "a medium." How the worthy sheriff decided the ease we are unable to say owing to tbe difficulties of research in the re cords of Mr. Sheriff Const. Thus legal prece dents are rare, and not good, so the tenant of Silverton Abbey "writes to the papers." The obvious thing to do was to consult fur. flyers, the secretary of the Psychical Society, or S.P.li. It is not everybody who, as a character; of George Elliot's says, "has a nose for a ghost." But the society has a lady member, well-known in occult circles as "Miss X," who can, usually, or often, see what is to be seen in a haunted house. Miss X makes 1101 pretentions to infallible success, but it is understood that where she fails, triumph is 1 uncommon. Meanwhile two ordinary "supra-1 liminal" mortals, Messrs. Eitzf Jaurice and; Pooley, have, greatly daring, slept in the i empty, unfurnished Abbey and communicate the results. The took the usual precau tions, searched the Abbey, _ fastened the windows, locked the doors, carried pistols, and nevertheless "heard light footsteps, not cat's steps." Xext night there were sounds of heavy furniture being dragged, about—now, "the house is devoid of furniture." There was also "a heavy bang," in the opposite room, "the door being wide open." There was nobody in the room, and nothing that could, apparently, have caused the noise. The gentlemen dis count, as possible causes, "rats, eats, wind, and so forth." There the matter rests—when it docs rest— and it may he commended to Mr. Sherlock I holmes, and Mr. Myers, and, if he pleases, to Mr. Msiskelyne. >So far, as Mr. Pcpys says of 3 Ian vil's account of the Ted worth ghost, it is interesting but not convincing. A very large house may have many undiscovered hiding places ; windows are not very difficult to open, and somebody may have a spite at the owner or tenant of Silverton Abbey. The conven tional style of liauntings, noises, and footsteps is easily counterfeited when once access to a house is obtained. What interests the anthro pologist (if anything of this sort does interest him) is the persistence of the types of " haunting," the steps, knocks, and bangs. From Ancient Egypt and Assyria to the Dyaks, the Australian blacks, the Burmese, the Ineas, the Vikings of the _ .Sagas, through Tcd :h I yestci day's newspaper, haunting is always "the same old game." The human mind, of course, works in tho lino of least resistance (except when it attacks the Boers 011 a re-entering angle). If steps and bangs are the easiest tricks, this will be discovered by the savage intellect, and handed down to civilisation. In dozens of eases, the tricks, by servants, children, or smugglers, have been actually discovered. In other example;:, rats, cats, wind, water, have been detected in the act, as when Mr. Pepys apprehended " a spright," and only found "our young gib-eat." Yet, while v.m uaviia'. have been established, it is not quite honest to shirk the fact that often all search has failed in the most famous examples. Tho Wesley Bogey is well known. The evi dence is documentary, respectable, at first band, and no system of explanation yet ad vanced is worth a brass button. Something may, indeed, be done, if we start from noises caused by tricks, and then suppose that fear and fancy may set up a train of hallucinations. Any reader of old Air. Wesley's letters and diary may decide for himself whether that patriarchal man was easiljf hallucinated. He was, of course, Samuel, tho father of the cele brated John and Charles Wesley. The most extraordinary modem case quoted eternally is that of Mr. Procter's Haunted Mill at Willington, near Ncwcastle-on-Tyne. The Quaker family stuck to the mill for many years, in spite not; only of knocks and bangs iuid lights, but of volatile furniture and " ap pearances"—human and bestial. A doctor, who slept there, like Messrs. Pooley and Fit/.Manrice, was literally frightened into a lit. The diary of Mr. Procter, kept with Quaker sobriety anil veracity, is extant _ :t and may be read. It suggests no theory, unless wo believe that mysterious noises, artificially produced, may set up in all adjacent minds a regular chronic habit of contagious: hallucination—which is interesting, if true. The Willington Mill, dressed up to taste, clearly the origin of Lord Lytton's tale, "T Haunters and the Haunted, or tho House a Brain." Lord Lv circumstances connected with the 'i'cdwortli, lluworth, raid Gideville eases (WHO) point in the direction of. Lord Lytton's theory. The owners of the haunted houses had offended the local " wiseman" or wizard. But, of course, scientific hypnotism, in Charcot, I.iebault, and otliors, does not give an inch of ground far Lord Lytton's hypothesis to stand upon. The next dwellers at Silverton may I take bulldogs, or yelping terriers, for 00111 j puny, and of course, place videttes round the 1 outside of the house. The owner and :d tenant may provide, as persons interested, the ex penses of a detective force. For this in, to 1 hem, an expensive practical joke. In spite of education, and tho march of intellect, people will not rent a haunted house. Servants dis like "ghaists and eldritcii fantasies'"—so do their employers. An electrical machine for cutting cloth has been invented which is capable of cutting out from 200 to iJOO suits a day. 