The Prayer of the Tsar. AND LET ALL THE PEOPLE SAY AMEN. The Bishop of Peterborough contributes to the Cornltitt Magazine an ac- . nninV All? 'i<3mauh f rom ,'this brilliantly-written article I extract tbe following description of the culmination of the ceremonial, which evidently made a deep impression on Dr Creigbton. THE TITLES OF THE TSAR. After the crowning of the Tsar and his wife. The Emperor, after taking the sceptre and tbe globe, sat in his throne, while the deacon, in tones, throbbing with exultant joy, proclaimed tbe imperial titles. Louder and louder rose bis voice as. the long list went on, till it rolled through the building and broke upon the ear in almost overwhelming waves of sound. Barely could tbe majestic effect of territorial names be wore distinctly recognised, or more magnificently expressed: "To our mighty Lord, crowned of God, Nicolas Alexandrovitch, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias, of Moscow, Kiefl', "Vladimir, Novgorod, Tzar of Kazan, Tsar of Astrachan, Tsar of Poland, Tsar of Siberia, Tear of the Tauric Chersonese, Tsar of Georgia; Lord of Pskoff; Grand Duke o£ Smolensk, Lithuania, VblliynH, Podolia, and Finlaud ; Prince of Esthonia, Livonia, Curland aud Semgallen,of Bielostok, Coria, Tver. Ingria, Perm, Viatka, Bulgaria and other lands; Lord and Grand Duke of Nijni Novgorod, of Tcliernigoft', Biazun, Polotelsk, Rostoff, Jaroslavz, Bielolersk, Udoria, Obdoria, Condia, Vitebsk, Mstislaff, and all northern lands; JEtnler and Lord of the Iverekian, Kartalian, and Kabavdinskian lands, as of the region of Armenia; Ruler of the Circassian and Hill princes and other lords; Heir of Norway; Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, Srorninarii Ditmaiscb, and Oldenburg; grant, 0 : _Jjord, a ha{)[W'and peaceful life, health, ,/ and safety, and prosperity in all pood, victory and triumph over all his foes ; and preserve him for many years." The choir took up the refrain "For many years," and repeated it antiphonally till the sounds softly died away. Again the deacon began : "To his wife, the orthodox and religious, crowned, and exalted Lady, the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna, for many year;" and again the choir repeated the good wish. THE TSAR'S PRAYER IN THE SILENCE. The coronation ceremony was now accomplished, and tbe bells clang out and tbe cannon thundered, to announce the fact to the dense throng outside, who shouted out their joyful congratulations. The members of the imperial family'left their place and did homage. It was pathetic to see tbe wistful look in tbe face of tbe Dowager Empress as she tenderly embraced her son, and both were overcome by deep emotion. Then all others in the cathedral bowed low three times to the Emperor, who stood to receive this acknowledgement of their .fealty. Tue bells and cannon ceased, and there was profound stillness, as the Emperor knelt, and in clear, earnest voice prayed for himself: "Lord God of our fathers, and King of Kings, Who hast created all things by Thy word, and by Thy wisdom has made man, that he should walk uprightly and rule righteously over Thy world ; Thou hast . chosen me as Tsar and judge over Thy people. I acknowledge Thy unsearchable purpose towards me, and bow in thankfulness before Thy Maiesty. Do Thou, my Lord and Governor, fit me for the work to which Thou hast sent me: teach me and guide me in this great service. May there be with me the, .wisdoif , jwb^a^faJya^gfc^gja; . throne; setfd it iVom'Tby holy heaven tbat I may know what is well pleasing in Tby sight, and what is right according to Thy commandment May ray heart be in Thine band, to accomplish all that is to the profit of tbe people committed to my charge, and to Tby glory, that so in tbe day of Thy judgment I may give Thee account of my stewardship without blame; through the grace and mercy of Tby Son, Who was once crucified for us, to Whom be nil honour aud glory with Thee and the Holy Ghost, the Giver of Life, for ever and ever. Amen." DR. CREIGHTON'S IMPRESSIONS. The Bishop, summing up the last total of his impressions, says :— Such a ceremony cannot be measured by our standards; it was an expression of national sentiment, penetrated by a poetry and a passion unknown to us, or rather I should not say unknown, in the sense of unfelt, but such as we sbou.d not care to express in any visible form. It was an exhibition of national selfconsciousness upon a mights scale, and as such produced a deep impression on [all beholders. It focussed mauy national characteristics, and showed a serious sense of a grand national mission, with which every Englishman could feel himself in fundamental sympathy. 