'?- ST.- JOHN'S': .GEtJfiOH, SALISBURY. LAYING A FOU2?DATI6N-STO^tE. THE GOVERNOR PRESENT. The inhabiUnta of Salisbury were favoured with beautiful weather on Thursday after noon, July 30, on tho occasion of thu laying of the foundation-stonu of tho chancolof St. John s uuurcii, in that town. Tno ceremony was performed by HU Excellency the Governor, Sir T. Powell Buxton, in fcbo presence of about 500 persons, many of whom oamo from considerable distances. I'lis ovent iraa a rod-lcitcr day in tbo hUtory of Sulubury, and the proceedings ware, very enthusiastic. His Lscellencv drovo to Salisbury, being: accompanied thither by Captain flenniker, his Private Secretary, and the Kieht Rev. Dr. Harmer, Bishop of Adelaide. The viceregal party were received by the l»ev. W. . G. Murphy, the Incumbent of St. John's, tho Chair man and lnembara of tho District Council, and a good number of tho inhabitants. A band of instrumentalists piayed '* God save tho Queen' on tho ait val of Ilor Majesty's representative, the National Anthom being sung afterwards by the school children. Sir Fowell wa3 then presented with the following address:— May it please your Excellency— Wo, the Chairman and Councillor* of the District Cuunrii of Yauua North, roiiresentinp; the residents «( SilUbnry aud iluirict, hti tu tender to your Excellency a Veiy cordial welcome on t'jis tiie uccaaion of -onr li»i vibit o this l'icality. It is true our township is uot rich in urcuitocluiul cmbelli.tbmeiiis, nor liavo *o the iitiraeiivo relics of anfrquuy which in dear old fiu£land gre«l tho ev« of lha tourist, but, novorthc \om, our district- U nut without iu iiitcnMtmj feaUirc-'i, nnd a- prKlucera we lay claim to aoine small part in contnbuiius to lha convouicncos of our falUw- coloiikit-), aud in the gaining of renown tor our traits ttnd ether p oducts in Iho mirUeti . of the wido world, while wo fearlessly ;issuro your Kxcalicncy t at in uo part of mu ici^nlticent iiritiah Empire un there bj found it jwoplc moro loyal a-ul true to iho Throne of our molt liracious Sovereign Lady the t^aeen. Wo cmnnut .ail t-- recognise u/at Her -I.gu ty confers agrncioai favour ujtoa our co!o. y in :;;nilieig us a% her viceregent -.ne -o thoron^h y Iu sympathy with nil Ihnt is g--od, great, and truly U'lblc. «o fully daroted to its adrancomeiit und interested in iu prosp.-ritv, and w-- tru t th.it your stay nnd ;il-o that of Ludy Victjria Uuxton in thu southern land will bo bappi.y aud joyously pro loit'od Wo havo the hononr to be, your Excellency's humble serv.iuu, J. H. Sw.vx.x, t;hainnaa; W. .T. McXiCOL, T. n. Jcdi-. H. W. Jaco, and A. W. Whitilc=Ca, Couu cillon; Jamhs UiRVEV, Cleric. His Excklle.nct replied :— Air. Chairman and Gontlumcn— The address which you have presented to mo pives ma much gratification, assuring me as it docs of tha loyalty which you bear towards Her Most Gracious .Majesty the Quean. I thank you most heartily fur the kiud words with which you have welcomed mo on this my first visit to'Silisburr. Tha fauio of this district as a fruit-growing area is well known to mo, nnd I have no doubt that thb placa will ever bo a:noncr the forcciust in main taining tho name of South Australia .%3 a land ot abundant frnitfulncss. Lady Victoria Buxton joins with ma in thanking you for thu very, kind wishes you have cxpr&ssd; for our stay in this colony. The Governor and Bishop Harmer and Captain Henuikcr afterwards lunched with ?Sir. and Mrs. Murphy at tho parsonage. Tho ceremony ju tha Church, began at 3 o'clock. Among those present were the Rev. Canon Coombs, Rural Dean ; the Rev. Canon Samwoll, of Port Aduiaido; and the Rev. W, S. Alilric. Tho well- known liyinn ''The Church's ono foundation'1 was sung, and after devotional exercised the Incumbon; requested His Excellency to kindly lay tho stone. Having bscn presented with a silver trowel by a little girl, His Exceuexct nddre-ssed tho assembly, cxprossint; his great pleasure at being present to take part in a service for the advancement of tho Cliuich in that district After further religious exercises, conducted by tho Incumbent, .and the rendering of I'&ilm; Ixxxiv., ' O, how amiable are thy dwellings, thouLordof boats,' the stono was fixed iu its position. His Excej.lexcv declared it to bo well aud traly laid, rora.irkin-j — 'In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the namo of God tho Father, God tho Sun, und God tho Holy Ghost.' Bishop Uaumeii offered the concluding prayers. Speeches followed. Cauon Coomss ro viewed tho history of the Chnrcli, aud re ferred to tho benefactions given by Mr. Harvey, Mr. Urlwin, and others. Dr.U.\nilEK expressed his great appreciation of the way in which tho Chancel Building Fund had boon taken up, the sum of £100 having been locallv sub scribed out of the £2i)0 required. Tha Bishop exhorted tho congregation in their good work. The Rev. W. G. AIurthy aUo spoke, and after singing the hymn O Lord of hosts, who3C glory 111 is Tho baundi of tho eternal hill-— the benediction was pronouueed by tho Bishop. The sum of £32 was placed on' tho founda tion-stone. Tho Governor gave a- donation of ava guineas. In thu evening an pnterrainment was hold in tho_ Instituto building, local rusidculs and artists from the city tasin? part. 