THE MYSTERY OF BLAYTH- WAYTE HALL BY MABEL COLLINS. Author of "The Prettiest Woman in Warsaw, £c. [Concluded.) It seemed as if Ada's prophecy was correct, for that night there was 110 dinner. After the children had ^one to bed the schoolroom maid brought Sybil h trav. and when she came into the room, said something which quite startled her. " Mrs. Blaythwayte'3 raging about to-night, and the Squire's out. Fd lock the door. Miss, till he comes in, if I was you. I'll let you know when be comes. She's got a spite against you—she always has against the governesses. Shell do you an injury some day when she's like this if you dou't take care." Sybil turned 1 a white face on the girl. " Mary," she said, " tell me, is .Mrs. Blaythway-tefiiad?" "Lor, no, miss. She will be. though, soon, if she goes on as she is now. Can t you sec, miss, what it is? Why, she drinks?" Sybil stared at her m amazement. Such a condition of things, such a possibility, was absolutely new to her. She hardly understood the words. She had heard of people drinking, of course, and read about in it the papers ; but she had alway associated it with common men and roughs and women from the East End. That a refined, rich, and beautiful woman, with a hcaie lik© thi*», if'«.!>• 1<1 "'i .->1; ildren worthy o all love, oould drink in that sense was unintelligible to her. Oh, it isn't possible?" she. said. "You must be mistaken, Mary. ' "Itistru-.!, enough, miss; everybody knows I've -been here over a year, and old John has been with the Squire ever since he was a oy, and he has seen it all. She was a beauty hen she married, so John Bays—v.ot ten year* go, yet, miss, when she was a giri of eigheen ; she was that handsome everyone turned o look at her. And now she might be an old oman, she's so spoiled herself. And she s ad everything anybody could wish for; she s rich herself, imss, very rich. That's the orst of it, I think. She is so independent of very one. And now she seems to have lost all nterest in what people think, or say, or anyhing else." "Oh, how dreadful!" said Sybil. "It eally dosen't seem possible!" " WelL miss, you'll see if \j~hat I say is true r not. It's terrible for the Squire ; a better aster never lived. He's altered very much, ven in my time, and many people think iiiin ard and cold. He is very severe, it's true, if e finds any one getting Mrs. Blaythwayte hat she wants. For the ct liar'S locket! UT>, nd he kc-eos the keys, srid how she gets it noodv kuowB. But the does. She's r^s cunning s can be. She's taken a spite against you, ecause you don't look the sort to help her; he always does then. I don't wonder the oung ladies think it's less trouble to frighten he governesses away at the first start-off, for hey r.^ver stay long enough to be of any- good. f they don't get soared and go. either the quire or the mistress has alway s got rid of hem pretty quick. The nic-e'ones the mistress ates, and the others !—well—I've seen one old retch who came here, and just made herself rs. Blaythwayte's servant,, and fetched her ll she wanted from town, and drank with her oo—but she never lost her head, 1 can tell you, or though the Squire "cut her oil in a weeli, he had got a nice little purse made up, and two f Mrs. Blayt'nway-the's big diamond rings that he took from her fingez's one night when the istress did not know whit she was doing." " Oh, don't tell mc any more," ci iisl Sybil, ho was quite i%}iit.e with horror and disgust. " Can nothing be done' Something to be done. Oh, poor woman, how perfectly" j dreadful! And stio might be so happy !" " Ah, that she might, but it's no use : the habit's got hold of her. I believe the Squire's i sent for her brother to come and stay ; the hoiisekceper has orders to get n room ready for him. That means something of the kind, 1 expect; for Mr. Atherton has never 1,-eenfond of visiting here ; and the Squire never liked M r:-. Blaythwayte's family, so.) ohn says. Thev are all very fast gentlemen, and Mrs. Blaythwayte hved among bad influences when she was a girl, so I suppose that's some excuse for her. There's a great deal in bringing up. l)o miss, sit down p.nd hiive your supper; you look like a ghost." And, indeed, she did. standing there transfixed, gazing at the servant, with wide-open, incredulous, horrified eves, and her face ouite white. "Yes—I feel sick," cried Sybil. "Well, miss, 1 think the gloom of this house is enough to make any one feel queer. I'm determined to stay for a year's character, but I'll go then. Perhaps it will be a little brighter with a visiter in the house. I assure y ou, miss, such a thing hasn't happened before since I've been here as for any one to come. There's the door hell—that's the Squire—r.;.\v you needn t be ner\ ous. mis-.' The gu'l went away, and Sybil tiint she had gossiped on jiartlv out of gocxi r.atiir. 1 , not. liking to leave her alone after giving her such an alarming warning. Quite sick and faint Sybil went to her room, not caring for supper or anything else; her books would not aniu=e her, with her mind so full of this dreadiul picture. HIT sleep was haunted by it that night, and she was restl'-iss and wakeful. tihe had suffered poverty and anxiety, but had never yet co.ne in cDiitact with the evil that is in the world. This was her first experience of it, r-nu it iillea her with horror and dismay. Glad was she in the morning to :al:c up h< ta^ks h the children- How med ! bow natural and gay them. She was consoled a little by the c-oriscio'isnov she had that the Sqir.re • j placid iiiifrom th 1 . plicit confidence m her, and had don first inoui'Mit he hao seen her. He was at ease about the children iinv.- thc-y w ber charge. She was giad of tins, f.,r rea'iied now what hi^ words niranl. whi ; the turn eemcd so unintelligible — she j that they were not b j spirit, but were th J called forth by the f j life, a lievasta/^ed of .1 ined, 1>: at the beautiful house the « id- green par::, and sighed as she thought what the raistressof such a home should i-e-loced by husband ai d children—a Lady Bountiful among he- people —looked up to ai)d admired by every one And what was she ! With the power put her hands to make so many- iivos brighter ; n d happier, all that she did was to wreck her t and those nearest ber. and look at the la world outside with sullen, indifferent eyes. Syhil was sitting m what she herself c sidered a very undignific hire while thinking these sad thoughts; and that was m the children's favourite loft. Here they had retired to spend a part of the morning in what the children called story- tolling," but which was really lessons, cleverly disguised, which were swallowed by thern as innocently as pills are taken in jam. The only way to get any light into this loft was to open wide the door through which they entered ; so Sybil, as she in the midst and listened to their reading, was able to let her eyes wander over the picture formc-d by the park and the house. S\ 1 •: 1 knew not that the group of which she was the ccntre formed one of the prettiest pictures imaginable ; and was very much startled when she heard a voice Ixilow exclaim- - "By.love! What a charming eifect! Worthy of a Christmas illustration m a r.ewsoaper. How d've do, youug people! How aro you, Ada?" Sybil looked out and saw standing lietow an exceeding! *•' handsome young man, very smartlv pressed indeed, and wearing a superb gardenia in his coat. He addressed the children, but his fine black eyes were fixed on her with undisguised admiration and curiosity. ' Oh, it's Uncle Charlie,''said Ada. "I'm quite well, thank you." "You oiin't come up, Uncle Charlie," said Master Harry. "We've drawed the ladder up." "You little rascal," said the smart gentleman, who did not look at all like climbing ladders or ascending into lofts. " There are other ladders in the place, I suppose?" " Isone of 'em reaches," said Master Harry, complacently. Evidently there was no love lost between himself and his handsome uncle. " What are you doing up there, Ada?" continued her uncle. " R-eadintr stories," said Ada. "This is our now governess, Miss Vane." Charlie Atherton lifted his hat, with the evident intention of accepting this as a sufficient introduction. " You have no idea what a picture you make up there with the children. Miss Vane," he said. " By Jove! I wish I was an artist and could draw. May I make an attempt?" and he drew out a pocket-lxiok. Master Harry rose to his small feet and advanced to the window with an air of gre»t dignity, which was a little spoiled by Sybil's catching hold of his coat in terror lest he should fall. "Don't you disturb UB, Uncle Charlie," he said with great severity. "We're very busy now. If vou don't go away till we've finished, we won't play with you at all, or let Miss Vane either." " You small martinet!" said Uncle Charlie. " 1 suppose I must give in, as you have the advantage of me at present. Where shall I find y T our father?" "In his study," said Master Harry, adding "and busy too." Evidently he looked upon Charlie Atherton as an incorrigible idler, not to be rashly encouraged. At lunch-time the young man was formally introduced to Sybil, and made himself exceedingly agreeable. He was a bright, rattling talker, accustomed to hold his own in every " up-to-date ' society, and he certainly made the whole house seem more cheerful with his gay-, irrelevant chatter. By contrast with him the Squire certainly seemed morose, or parbaps, thought Sybil, he was more troubled today than usual. He appeared abstracted and uneasy, and glanced continually at his wife's face, and then at her brother. Perhaps, thought Sybil, lie was nerving himself for a great and difficult task. It seemed as if it micnit be so, for all the afternoon he and his brother-in-law were shut up together. Mrs. Bkiythwayte, who was in one of her quietest moods, went out for a long drive alone. Old John always went with the carriage on these occasions, and the Squire had full confidence in him and his watchfulness; y-et she often camo back very strange after these drivers, and he was coming to the terrible conclusion that witii supernatural cunning sho had formed some connections in the town or neighbourhood who were in her pay-. This was dreadful to the Squire, who had devoted hiniseli to hide the vice which disgraced his home ; and this it ua-s which made him resolve to appe.'Ll to her own relations, and to make a more serious effort to reprove her than any that had hitherto been attempted. The dinner that evening seemed to Sybil like a party, so much difference did the presence of another person make. Charlie Atherton had evidently had enough .of serious matters and his relation's troubles, and markedly- devoted himself to her. She certainly looked most attractive and charming in her simple dress, with her sweet, fair, wild-rose face; and it-was only natural that he should pay her a great deal of attention. But sho shrank from him, and wished very sincerely that he woidd not address her so often, and would not fix his eyes on her so m ces c antlv. Mrs. Blaythwayte looked her best, and talked just enough to be pleasaut. Sybil had not the terrible experience whichtold the Squire that iiis wife was a little too much excited f and — .little too readily amused with all that was said. He knew only too well wliat U pleasant humour rneant, and what it would lie followed by. And yei even he was unprepared for what it was followed by. Before the dinner wa Mrs. Jilaytinvayte suddenly hurst into a fit of furious anger—rage such as Sybil had never sesri before, and could not have imagined. d It was all directed towards ber brothe and was about some mere trifle, unworthy-even of a child's anger, as it seemed to SybiL The Squire, looking very white and stern t w rose from the table. Every one did the t same. a Sybil hardly understood how it happened or what was done, but a moment later Mrs. a Blavrhway-te left the room, cowed by her hus h band's glance; he followed her. The other two were left alone. It was verv embarrassing. s But Charlie Atherton did his Lest to make it m less so. " T hear you play beautifully. Miss Vane,' he said. '' Shall we go into the di»wing-room! I am very fond of music." " \ T ot to night, I think," said Sybil; "Mrs. Blaythwayte is not well, and I am tired. m Perh:'-ps to morrow, if she is better"—for she caught a look of disappointment on his face keen that she was afraid he might lie offended. And she had no wish to offend h any more than any one else ; but she was quite resolved to make her escape. He was very handsome, very agreeable, but she did not like hnn. So she got away and went to her room. She was early in lied and asleep that night, which was fortunate, for her sleep was broken, and in such a terrible manner that it was many- a day before she slept peacefully again. She started suddenly out of a deep sleep, with the dreadful feeling that some one was in the room — that she was not alone. Some one had surely touched her ! She quickly struck a light, and with the greatest difficulty prevented herself from screaming aloud in her terror and surprise. Mrs. Slaythwayte, wrapped in a white dressing-gown, stood at her bed, looking so straSig.;' that at the lirst glance Sybil hardly knew who she was. Her long black hair fell in dishevelled mioses on her shoulders; her eyes j were wild, hur face was very white save for :-"j:nc brilliant spots on the cheeks. She looked terrible. She approached closer and loaned over Sybil, who remained motionless, as if paralysed. " I want you to help me." she said in low, thick voice, a sort of stifled whispt r. " I want to get out of the house, and 1 can t open the front door. Come and help me. I'll give you all the diamonds 1 have left, and I have a lot of money-, too. I'll give you—only help me — I must get away to-night. I know what Charlie's here for- they think 1 duii'c know, but 1 do. Thev are going to lock me up? I shall IX! treated like a mad woman! I can't bear it, and f won't. Come, help me to open that great door—I only want to sret out of the house, and I"! go to friends who'll take care of me. See, I've brought the diamonds with me and the money. Come. She seized Sybil by the arm aud shook her with such strength in her grasp that Sybil knew that she had no hope or help in her wit. She had to deal with what was really a mad wonmn -maddened, Heaven help her, by her own fullv and wickedness. Sybil had never seen such an awful spectacle before, but ehe understood that this was scarcely a human being she mu-t use cunning as she would with a wild beast that had got loose and in whose power she was. Cle.irlv the one thing to do was to humour her. and get her down-stairs within reach of the Squire's roams, in the hope that he would bo routed and ci>mc to the rescue. "I'll come," said Sybil, quickly deciding how to ac:; "let me get or. ray dressinggown." Mrs. Blaythwayte stood watching her while she slipped on a warm gown aud ber slippers. Then sue took up a candle aud said, '"Now 1 will COMIC .'ind lu'lp you." "Not with that "light." said Mrs. Blaythwayte. "he'll see it and catch us. And i won't be shut up. I'll die sooner, I swear 1 will." "V.'c can't find the wav in the dark," s.-id Sybil in d.-may. "Oh, \ we can. I know my way all over (he 1 blew arm. like a cat. Come on!" And she the light, catching hold of Sybil's the corridor, across the landing, down irrase thev softly went. Sybil could : thick panting breath of the womnn be- , could feci her sway from time to time, : momentarily lost control over herK'If, she kcr,* on with all the resolution of j but :-.Hi ma n hil -Vl hi- t they came to the place k r ' f: ' v "-»><-• nmst »"t. When they reached the I «"ide landing on which t.'iu green baize door j "r»'nerl she Kid determine, if she heard no onc;_stirrinp, to crv aloud and rouse the house hold. She rircpaicd iicrsolf for the effort—she '.'.-as resolved to go no further, fo- she feared if they readier hall that Mrs. Blaythwayte would over_ ould get the door open, and escape into the night. She prepared by getting a firm hold r Mrs. Blaythwayte's drcs?. She could not t 0t any better grasp on her i^t cause of the way :> which her own arm was lie ng held—held so firmly 1 Tile flesh was black a 3d blue for many j Ion; day after. o The moment came ; the house was pe.rfectly still, dark, silent. Sybil resolved to act; summoning all her courigd she lifted up her voice and tailed aloud—again, and again, and again. "All, you devil!" cried out Mrs. Blaythwayte. " You would give me up to him ! to be locked up! No!" There was an awful struggle—a.v.ful, though it lasted but a second. Mrs. Blayth-.vavte was much the stronger of the two. and in her s mad resolution quickly wrenched herself Then Sybil, standing horror-struck there in the darkness, -heard a rush, and then a sickening sound that she never quite forgot all her life afterwards—a dull thud. She knew instantly what had happened. They were quite close to tho balcony which looked into the great dinmg-room. She never saw the lights that came, or heard the feet hurrying to the spot. Mr. Blaytliaythe was there before a ny one else, and be found Svbil lying unconscious on the ground. What had happened he could tell. Soon tho servants were there, and Charlie Atherton. All the household had gathered together on the wide landing, trembling and looking wondericgly at each other. All they knew was that Miss Vane had been found in a swoon. What did it mean? Old John, armed with a lamp, went peering about, and presently looked over the balcony. Ho turned r.nd caught at Charlie Atherton's arm. "Lock, sir," he said, and tho two stood a moment in silence. Come down with rnc, Sir," whispered John. " Let us move her before the master sees her it's so awful!" But it was too late. Mr. Blaythwayte was as quick as he was, and quicker. He was already hurrying down the stairs, and it was he thai lifted )ria wife's dead body from the stone floor on which it lay. A few days later Sybil Vane went back to ivn, one oi tho servants travelling with her, for she was too weal: to travel alone. She hud been ill ever since that terrible night, and was completely unnerved '.v,'/.I prostrated. " Oh, my dear child !" exclaimed her mother hen she saw her. " What has happened to you? Let us starve togetner rather than you should go througfi such trials. "' It was a long while before Sybil cculd be induced to tell her story; when she aid her mother realized that there was nothing to be done but to let her rest, and let her slowly recover her wonted health and gaiety. It came back by slow degrees, and then Sybil began to talk of the dear children, and to wonder how they were getting on without her, and to tell the funny- stories of how she had conquered them, and to laugh a little over it. One day their peaceful lives were interrupted by a caller—a very unusual event for them. Neither Sybil nor her mother were in their sitting-room when he arrived; they were busy dressmaking in a workroom. Mrs. Vane looked at the card. " Charles Atherton !" she said in surprise. - " Mrs. Blaythwayte's brother," said Sybil. "You receive him, mother dear. I would rather not go down." Mrs. Vane made no difficulty, thinking Sybil dreaded to awaken associations with that time of horror. So Sybil went on with her v.-ork. It was quite a long time beforo Mrs. Vane came ba/jk her. She looked at Sybil very seriously, and then went to her and kissed her. "Can you guess what he cine for 1 " said Mrs. Vane. And then, without waiting for an answer, Ehe sat down by tho girl and took her hand. "I am only an ambassador," she said. " It is for you to "decide. Mr. Atherton wishes me to ask you to marry him. "It is impossible, dear mother." said Sybil. "I was afraid you would say so," said her mother. " Yet think well. dear. He is a very charming young man, rich, and m a good position. He has told me all about himself. And with regard to other things which he thinks might prejudice you against, him, he wants me to tell you that his sister's awful death has changed him entirely. He feels sure if you would be his wife he would be of use in the world y-et." Sybil only shook her head. " It is impossible, mother dear, ' she said. Mrs. Vane sighed a little. It was a great chance to throw away ! But there was no help for it. She had to write to Charlie Atherton, aud tell liim as gently as be could that there was no hope. And then their life went quietly on as before, and Sybd grew so much better that she began to think of work again. "lam ready for it now, mother dear," she said. "And it will bo better for me."' She soon recovered her little circle of daily pupils, and was r.'lie to make enough to keep tho moo-^t lionie t:. --ther : foi : ri- -rr^i something during her stay '.-it Biaythwayte Hall, mid the struggle was not quite so hard as it had bi-en : yet the mother sighed sometimes for the lost opportunity! Sybil lived now as a little nun, seeing no one but her pupils. A year passad like this, aud then one- ay when she came home she found her mother had received a visiter in her absence. " Dear child," said Mrs. Vane, " I want you o go and change your dress. Mr. Blaythavte has been here; he wished very much o see vou, and to know how you were, so I sked him to come back to tea ! ' " "Mr. Blavthway-te !" cxclaimed Sybil; and vivid flush lit up her face. "How kind of im !" " He is very much interested in you, dear,' : aid her mother, "and haa brought you lots of ea=ages from the children This time she had begged not to be an ambassador. She said she was not a lucky one. And she wished Mr. Blaythwayte success; Charlie Atherton was. as she said, a charming young an. and had touched her motherly- heart; but the Squire v. oil all her sympathies. Ho was so strong, so gentle, so much a gentleman, that she could not but hope it was to be in hi; bands she waste trust her daughter's happiness. So great was her wish that this time she did not dare to ask any question—even hardly to look at her daughter's face. Sy bil went away to take off her cloak, and when she returned she had done as her mother hoped, and put oil a dress which they had just made, a pretty- soft gown which .set o!f her delicate 'oeautv to the utmost. She was more fragile-looking than ever, and Mrs. Vane, watching her as she moved about the room, couid only pray to see her in a happy home before she must hive her for ever. The girl i-as of too fine a material, too delicate a subt-auce, to fight the world alone, in spite of her ecu age and talent. The little sitting-room looked very pretty when ^Mr. Blaythwayte curue in again. It always looked pleasant, for refinement stamps even the poorest surroundings, and the simple furniture of the jioor lodgings was disguised by Sybil's needlework and her mother's, ind ou the WJLIS were many E? her father's sketches. But when he entered it this second time it seemed to lx' glorified into a palace by the presence of the one woman in the world he loved. The table was set for tea, and very pretty it looked, though so simple ; for every trifle on it was m ]jcrfect taste, and the clotli that covered it wa-; quaintly embroidered by Sybil's hands. A few flowed were in the vase ill the centre ; Sybil, standing by it, was putting the finishing touches totheir arrangement, and, drawing one out. fastened it m her girdle. She turned as Mr. Blaythwayte entered, and as she met bis . -yes—hitherto she had only- seen kindness and consideration in their regard — her own fell before the look of admiration in them. She was very sliv in her greeting, and so timid that Mr. " Blaythwayte almost felt glad when the tea was brought and Mrs. Vane catuo in. He used all his pnwers during the conversation at to?.-time to make Sybil throw off her timidity and feel at her ease with him ; her proud shyness became her so well, but he wanted to bani.-.ii it all the same. He was successful at. last, and Sybil found herself talking of the children and laughing gaily, like or.e of them, once more. The dark cloud through which she had passed seemed to h&vo; dropped away. V\ as it over for him, too, wondered the Squire? Was there any liope of happiness for him? Of a home such as he dreamed of, with a graceful, gentle presence brightening it for ever? He couid onlv hope ! He had learned from Mrs. Viae iLat Charlie Atherton had been refused, and this gave him a faint- gleam of hope. There \\\ as no one else. .After tea Mrs. Vane left them' alone. J Blaythwayte hs.d asked her to let him put his fortune to the test. Mrs. Vane went away very quietly and unobtrusively, but Sy bil's heart" told her wha meant, and she : p'.ax-ing with the flower? to hide her nervousness. He 1-nse aud and carne close to her. '"Sybil." i:e said, "your mother has told me T may speak lo you. I want to ask you if yon i* ycu will bo. ini ife. old, bard man, bi.t Sybil, o: n softc ail lliv nature, aud make of me what VGJ wi h. and what 1 ought to be—I know tin 'sf Will be the same, for f trusted you iniulicitl - from th : iirst moment that 1 sawyon. I lir.ow y are absolutely good. Will vou con. to 111 c ar. .1 help me, Sybil'.'" Quick tears c IU1 o to her evc.^: she held out one kim to linn He took it in his own. "Is it mine':'' h a-'.'O- . "Yes. she ai , in a low, vibrating voice, l but c^c-arlv. She, LOO. had trusted him alwavt,, 'and would have waited for him to the viry end, even all her life long, if fate had 'lied it so. But fate had willed it otherwise. In another year Blaythwayte Hall was j Jcnown as the brightest and pleasantest house jn the country, since the young bride's homecoming. All the windows were unshuttered now, the great drawing-rooms had been rc-decoratod, laughter sounded through all the house tli.it oncc had been so gloomy. The children had a new governess, but every day they came to Sybil to he^r stories in the ld way, for no one could tell them as sho could, so they said. Aud for just this hour every afternoon they would have her to themselves. sending even the Squire away. " You have all the rest of the day. when we are at our tirer-ome lessons." Master Harry said to his father reproachfully. And Mrs. Vane, fading away in her armchair quietly by the fire, smiled on these happy ones and looked with pride on the charming young chatelaine, who=e presence lias brought unshine not only to the husband who loves Tier so dearly, but to all within and around her beautiful home. There was no mystery now in Blaythwayte Hall, but only bright faces and gay voices. Tnz END. 