For the People IMPORTANT FOR COUNTRY READERS. (By John Haynes, M.P.) A BIG BOON TO COUNTRY RESI DENTS. It is not a very difficult. thing to prove that the land tax is a big boon to country people, farmers, pquatters, an.d business men. In point of faot, the passing of this measure of direct taxation was tho. first signal viotory of; the country districts, over the rich metropolis; of Sydney,' which for years has ruled the; apolitical , roost; in ?? New South Wales. Inj .^dealing with, tbe matter, . on , the. platform, I fhave alwavs, in the very first place, asked ; ; '?* ' ;? rt^any of the opponents of land, tax to explain - ^'VrJwhy land in the country districts is, after all the years of toil and labour upon it, worth only about £1 per acre, while land; in the ?-:, city, without, any. toil or expenditure on the part of the lucky, owner, was worth up to ? £2,000. per. foot. (In some parts of George- ? , ' V street £3,000 per foot would be refused.) I . 1 have never been answered adversely, for : there was only, one explanation, namely, V, that tho vast values of Sydney city property ' ' were .given by public expenditures of the people's money ; that, as the expenditure of J the public money was centred in Sydney, all £, - the luoky old.owuers of property had to do was to sit down and let the needs of the community rush up the values. Recently y' some heirs of an old family sold a portion of f . their estate in Syduey at the. rate of . - ^ £1,200,000 per acre (nearly, one and a quarter million pounds per acre), aud there are scores of instances where the lucky f 'V owners draw at thb rate' of £52 per foot W rental per year, on 21-year leases with the \ : oonvenant that the occupier must build at ^ his own expense. Let any one consider the reverse picture of the inland farmer or land owner— , He goes on-slaving, and when bis hair is grey and his. back doubled from toil, V he finds his lat.d of the same value as when ?f he started. All the -time, under the old $ system of freetrade and . protection, be has ^ been paying taxes to make up the annual ; revenue and pay interest ou, loans expended lor; the moBti part ito .enrich? the city- man's | land. To balance all this, . the liberal I politician has fought to - bring about a direct / taxron.land values. Thus the farmer gets back the money screwed out of him by the powers in Sydney— for a universal land tax means. that. a.man iu the country districts pays one penny in the pound on land worth, apart from improvements, only £1 per acre, while the city laud monopolist is forced to pay a penny in the £ on land worth up to £3j000 per foot. The country districts made Sydney ; now a land tax forces the city to mak& the country. I find that one man alone in Sydney, a. typioal. land monopolist, will pay ; as muoh to the^ revenue a9 an entire country diatriot. This man previously went soot free, while his fortune was every day. increased. THB LAND MILLIONAIRE AND HIS S00UT8. People reading and reflecting, on the above facts will immediately understand why the Liberals .? in the Sydney -Parliament have fought so vehemently for a land tax, nn-i they will 1 also quickly . see why Cnrtai . politicians (in league with the ;rioh laud monopolist) are scouring the country uttering, dire lamentations over the fate of the *' poor farmer ' under a laud tax. These gentry never say a word as to how the land tag./.iia8'put the-, rioh.oity -mau on the grill. No^ ?vjthaJ' is kept in the dark Th^y strive- to farmer, or the ooun.'rv landowner ; they «rh»e^for ^7' they shake for him, and fight; for 1 ltj?* 1 man of the city or the *ich^ holders - t uncultivatedvland8-on our river frontages twho all the time find the ni?^i.ul for thei.8oheming. The tax is operating in the country as in the city. Where spleudld lands on our rivers and railroads, as on Sydney streets, have been held for rinuy values the land tax compels them to look around for buyers or tenauts. No longer are the tenants in search of landlords. The landlords are in search of tenants, and the publicifor the first time are putin the way of getting good land near to water, rail, or market, at a fair figure. Soon, when a man goes to a country town, he will not /need the services of a blacktracker to find the farmer's home. No; it will be near train, town, water,, or market. But, above all, th* metropolis of Sydney will pay hundreds of thousands to the general revenue for roar! making*! and bridge building inland. AH this work is embraced in the policy of de centralisation — that policy which I put before the people first at Mudgee in 1887, and ever; since kept to the front until, in last session of Parliament, :we scored for it &. great and lasting victory. THE. GHOST THAT STARTLED THE FARMER. Spleudid old ghoEt that has long done duty for, the rich monopolist in startling the 1 farmer is the ghost of freetrade. And now when the ' poor, farmer ' is being plundered (as, they say) by a land tax, the famous ghost has been whitewashed and trotted out %gain. Say the Bcouts of the big man— Yon've-; gone and taxed our lands, and now- you've taken off the duties and let in the . foreigner to compete with us,' their object being, of course, to get the farmer to ifote down land tax and vote up protectionist itaxes. But the fact is, our farmers are kept ;ip, beggary so long as they are prevented ifrom. trading with the world, and trading ibetween the: nations is .done only by i®xohange off goods. If we shutout goods from ; - abroad, there is a corresponding deoline in the purchase of our goods or orodnot?. There is no. such thing as sendinp , money out of the country, except, of course, I ^here exoessive proteotiou prevents exchange I and exportation. For infitap_ce, ,in N.S.W. ^twenty years ago, we had about eight millions of money coined for the use of tho people, but though we have imported millions' worth of goods, and sold millions' worth since then, there is only about the same amount of money in the country. No more is required. Now and again some thousands of sovereigns are sent out from Sydney to London, but most of it is Queens land gold minted at Sydney, and the balance, a few:. thousand, goes to , square, up trans actions between us and the outside world, and which transactions amount to many millions sterling. We all remember, the old ghost's cry, ' Let us have protection and keep the money in the country.' There never was any money going - out ? of the country. It was only-Bohool- boy-talk,- The only country which has had to send money out heavily to balance a badly stop~eided trade is protectionist Victoria, and a few particulars on the point will be given in next week's letter. A FEW GENERAL ITEMS. The Dimboola correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes ' Emigration to Ne.w So.iith Wales still continues,., and sinco the beginning of the year a large number of farmers residing between here and the bor der have left. On Wednesday no fewer than six teams, representing four families, passed through jhere from Kiata en route for the mother colony, taking a quantity of machiuery and a large number of horses.' So it seems that protection is making exiles of the Victoiian farmers. In New South Wales, during the last five months, nearly 3,000 new homesteads bave been established ; and 1,350,999 acres taken for occupation and cultivation in small areas. What a revolution there has been in politics in New South Wales in three years. Iu 1893, Sir Henry Parkes was King, and Sir George Dibbs was heir apparent.' Now the former is an unknown quantity in politics, and the latter is in a Government billet. An aid Scotch couple, residing at Wellington, recently went rouno the colonies on a sea trip for health. They started from Sydney. They visited New Zealand, Hobart, Melbourne and Adelaide. After leaving Sydney, and as they entered each hat bour, the old lady asked ' Where's the shipping ?' and then they agreed that they saw more shipping along the Sydney Harbour than they had seen in all the other ports put together. There is only one meaning from this : A country without a developing maratime trade is on the fall. Nothing can save it from internal collapse. Ships trade to a country only when they are sure of return cargoes. 