®Ítc|g0min¡( fttUef tit, ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, JULY 14, 1890. THE AGENT-GENERAL'S REPORT. The annual report of the Acting Agent-Gteneral, Mr. C. S. Dicken, for 1895, shows that the work of the office has been entirely one of detail. The report is signed by Mr. Dicken, but he was in charge of the office only from the 1st of October. Sir James Garrick resigned in September last and Mr. Dicken was appointed from the first day of the following month. It is a temporary appointment and so far nothing has leaked out as to the inten- tions of the Government with respect to the permanent appointment. It would be idle to speculate as to who ma.f be appointed, or indeed ns to whether any change will be made in the near future. Some years ago the Agent-General found his work confined mainly to two matters, the regulating of the emigra- tion then proceeding so rapidly, and the managing of the large indents for rail- way and other material despatched by every steamer. Now all that is changed. Emigration has fallen away to a ghost of its former self and railway indents are unknown. In 1895 there were only 100 adult emigrants left for Queensland, equal to 10G souls. All of them were nominated, which is the only form of emigration now provided for. The nationalities of the 106 were': Irish, 53 ; English, 34 ; Germans, 13 ; Scots, C. The destinations were : Brisbane, 69 ; Cairns, 13 ; Townsville and Bundaberg, 7 each ; Maryborough, 5 ; Mackay, 3 ; and Dungeness and Rockhampton, 1 each. As to indents, how meagre they, were is seen at once in the fact that thc total value of all shipment« made to the colony was just over £25,000. Mr. Dicken looks for- ward to the time when emigration to Queensland will be actively pushed again, and he thinks it unwise that all the advertising and other means of bringing the colony before the public of the United Kingdom should be com- pletely stopped. That means that a vwst amount of leeway will have to bc made up when the Government resolve to resume immigration again. So lie has kefft up a little advertising, and by pro- viding lantern slides and other apparatus for anyone willing to lecture on the colony has endeavoured to keep Queens- land as much as possible before the public. He thinks it would be well for farmers in th« colony who have been fairly successful to write to local papers in the places they came from on the advantages of Queensland, as thereby the agricultural population would be reached. Thc agricultural depression in the United Kingdom was in Mr. Dicken's opinion a great opportunity to secure small farmers, and he regrets he could not send a lecturer through the agricultural counties pointing to the opening in this colony which await men with a knowledge of farming. But all this is little more than in- cidental to thc work of the office. The depression has left its mark deeply on the office of the Agent-General. Now that the colony must live on what it produces and not ctn what it borrows, it has become of the first importance that the products of the colony should find the best market possible, and consequently the Agent General has become little more than an officer of the Secretary for Agriculture. The report is filled with answers which have been sent to queries addressed to thc Agent-General by tho Department of Agriculture. [Mr. Dicken, instead of complaining of this appears to have entered into it heartily. He says, " I gladly welcome correspondence on commercial matters, ¡ind am always ready to do everything that is possible to bring about an increase of the volume of trade." It would be impossible to touch on all the subjects Mr. Dicken mentions in this respect. He opens with the trade in live cattle, which he says hus been rather unfortunate, mainly owing to thc unsuitableness of tile ships employed and the fact that the men were new to thc business*, This, however, shonld not discourage those engaged in it, for he quotes an official report which states that at the opening of the same trade between the United StateB and England : and Canada and England entire ship, i meats of cattle were sometimes lost, j The horses which were sent over from Australia to the United Kingdom for \ sale were landed at the wrong time of : the year, they were undersized for the j work, and were unbroken, all things ¡ which should be avoided in future ship- ; ments. All the authorities state that ! no horses under five years of ago should be sent, and that the heavy draught horse would pay better than any other. There were 39,000 horses im- ported into England last year and the Canadians have the lead in the trade. Of the frozen meat trade Mr. Dicken writes shortly, remarking that it is now so firmly established that it does not call for lengthy notice by him. He expresses the opinion that the cold storage now provided in London is ample, and that the system of whole- sale distribution is excellent. As to the increase in the trade he mentions that the daily sales now aggregate almost as much ns the total import in 1881. Thc great fall in the price of frozen mutton has had serious results in Argentine, and if the down- ward tendency were to proceed much farther the Argentine farmer would be squeezed completely out of the business. Mr. Dicken has been trying to gather information as to the probable openings for the sale of frozen meat on the Con- tinent, but his replies had not come to hand at thc date of the report. Mr. Dicken reports that the dealers in Leadenhall Market are satisfied that Queensland can send finer birds in all classes of poultry than either Vic- toria or New South Wales. He par- ticularly mentions turkeys, goslings, and ducks. But Queensland is behind hand in the matter of packing. Inat- tention to little details of their business seems to be a failing of thc Queensland producer. For instance some wine was sent to Mr. Dicken to procure a report on, and one firm replied of the samples submitted to it, " We feel bound to point out that they are put up in the slovenly manner which characterises the English as compared with the French or German fashion of presenting goods, and the label especially is in execrable taste." Honey whioh was sent for report was spoken of even more disrespectfully. One firm wrote, "If Australians want to make good prices they must send honey suitable for table use, and not the usual character, which is disliked even for manufacturing pur- poses." Two or three comparatively large shipments of honey were made, and they must have been very unsuit- able, for the greatest difficulty was experienced in selling them. One lot was repeatedly put up during three months without obtaining a bid, but at last it was disposed of privately. Another lot could not be sold at all. Mr. Dicken has made great efforts to find a market for Queensland timbers. He prevailed on the Government to setid him one or two shipments at its own. cost, and he in turn presented them to one or two of the London local authorities to use in street paving. Reports of the wear of the timber will be sent out later. In other openings which Mr. Dicken tried to find for Queensland timber he was unsuccessful, the timber being unsuitable. Taking the report as a whole it shows that the work of the Agent-General has been revolutionised in the last few years, and now that what is required for the office is not a diplomatist or a financier, but a thorough business man. The Brisbane Courter makes another attempt to instruct the people of Rockhampton how to deal with their wharfage question. The chief gain so far from these repeated efforts has been reaped by thc Brisbane Courier itself, which ie now obtaining a faint glimmer of the rudimentary facts of thu cue. It ii. keeps on ut its present rate of progress it may understand the matter fairly well by thc time it ia AII settled and done with. The Briehnnc Courier now perceives that Glasgow and Melbourne are uot very happy illtiss tratibti4 of an argument tba., a town at the head of river navigation may regard with complacency the opening of a Dew port at the mouth of the river-Glas- gow and Melbourne did not think so any way when they got tho Clyde and Yarra deepened -so in its latest effort it drops both argument and illustration. Next, it shows tome little ability to grasp the fact that if tho Harbour Board has to pay a large sum by way of compensation it will bc crippled, and thc chunco of the river being deepened will bc postponed to an uncertain, but most likely a remote futuro. il tn evett able to see that it would be folly for titi people of Rockhampton tn .ripple the Board by itiHÍstitig nn excessive compensation, which ha« «imply been our text from tie ginning to end of the whole controversy. But the Brixham'Courier does mc sec yet how thc Cuttncil could bc expected to sur- render its rights and thereby impose addi- tional taxation on lite tatepayers. Whether thc Council could or could not be expected to do this, the ratepayers could certainly have done it if they saw fit, and our appen! was not to the Council but to thc ratepayers. Wc urged that seeing the port ut thc mouth of thc river was now finally re; ol ved on, and wo ld br opened within a couple of years or un, tint the ratepayers woulrl bc acting wisely in their own interest« if they strengthened Lite bauds of the Board as much as possible, in order to »sui-I it to improve the river as rapidly as it emili!, sud thus enable itnckhainptun tu meet the compe- tition of Broadmount on equal terms. ¿lnd wc argued further that the only way in their power by which the ratepayers could strengthen thc hands of the Board would be to hand over the wharvca free. That this would mean additional taxation on them wc did not couceal, but we argued that iii a j diepencd river and an ensured position for their town against its coming rival they would bc repaid for that extra taxation manifold. That was our whole case, and although thc ratepayers rejected it-wisely so it would seem in the opinion of the Britbane Courier and the matter is now to go to arbitra- tion in order that' the Board may be forced to pay to the uttermost farthing, it is one we shall never regret having urged on the people ol Rockhampton. If il ehould happen, as is quite likely, that the arbitra tors g've the Council Ihe sum it asks, or any-' thing like it, the people of Rockhampton may yet regret that they did not act on the advice we ventured to tender. 