NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BANK OF NEW ZEALAND. WELLINGTON, September 8.— The select com mittees of both Houses of Parliament have been at work during tho month that has elapsed since my last, but neither has reported. Tho com mittee of the Upper House having worked with closed doors, is within short distance of its report, which is being drawn up by a sub-committee. On the other hand the committee of tlie Lower House, having wrangled In tho presence of reporters, Is not anywhere near the reporting condition. A wag has suggested that Dr. Nansen he engaged to search for their report when it Is drawn up. Certain It is that any man less familiar with the Impossible would not havo the ghost of a chance of finding It. Report says that the report of tho Upper House, or non-political committee, will be favorable, I.e., that there was no deception, the position having been put as fairly and square ly as the knowledge of the applicants for Stato aid admitted. It is thought that the report will also have a good word or two to say lor Mr. Ward. The report rests on two foundations— (1) Hints derived from casual alleged conversations with members of the committee; and (2) — a much more likely shot) — the published evidence taken before the committee of the Lower House. That evidence contains Mr. Murray's letters, which would alone, had they been published before the banking legis lation of IS94, have prevented all the misunder standings as to want of Information and falso pretences which have since arisen. Tnere lias not yet, so far — and that covers a long period — been a single item or a shadow of an item to sup port the belief that the colony was dishonestly rushed Into this banking embroglio. As to Mr. Ward's position In the matter, a letter of his was read, in which he handed over the whole question of the proposed amalgamation with the Colonial in 1S94 to his colleagues, advis ing them to arrange it by legislation on certain terms. And these are the very terms on which the purchase of tho Colonial was effected In the following year, the terms under which Mr. Ward and his association met their fate' in the columns of tho much-discussed "C" list. Then, as to the strictures passed by Judge Williams on the fact that the Ward's Association did not disclose bills under discount as liabilities, Mr. Watson, the bank's president, when under examination, showed nearly a dozen balance-sheets of as many different companies, In which the same principle precisely was followed. One manager at once wrote explaining this in the balance of his in stitution, there was no mention' of bills of this kind for the simple reason that there were no bills to mention- But all tlie other cases have been marked by the silence of discretion. Mr. Wat son has since added that he has noted the same practice in very many private accounts — I think he said hundreds — passing. under his notice. Be ing pressed, he declined to approve of tho practice, but he stood out against calling it a falsification of accounts, and he certainly proved that it is usual. For theso reasons I think with the majority that the reports of both committees will be favorable on the main point of inquiry, and also to Mr. Ward. Regarding the Australian business, I havo made some Inquiries, and find this to be the position. The directors of the bank intend to keep up tho exchange business, and to retire as soon 'as pos sible from the advance business. There arc a number of good accounts, faithful friends who have stood by the hank through the days of evil report, and no change will be made in their re gard. But with that exception, the advance de partment of Australian banking will, so soon as arrangements can bo made, know the Bank of New Zealand no more. I have taken some trouble to ascertain whe ther the bank's interests have been Injured by the publicity of the inquiry, but I can find no trace of any damage. Had the fining of recal citrant witnesses been kept up — and witnesses unwarned by the fate of Mr. Watson, have been very recalcitrant — thero might or might not have been a stampede of accounts. The fact is, that the fining was not kept up, and we have a different set of circumstances. So far as I can see, the public has lost all Interest in the pro ceedings, the struggles between the witnesses being regarded as political and partisan. Every body appears to have forgotten the Institution over whose body these combatants are fighting, and tho body is carrying on Its ordinary func tions regardless ot the windy strife. When people do happen to remember the bank, they invariably Inveigh against tho tendency to State banking, and thank heaven that so lurid a light has been cast on the path leading down Into that abyss. The Mahatmas evidently communi cated to these critics the points in your articles (contributed) on the subject of State banking, (or their speech and your writing are as two PCa ' PARLIAMENT. Tho end Is in sight, for the estimates are passed, and the Loan Bill, after a stormy pass age—chiefly becauso the amount was not ten millions instead of one — through the Lower House, lia3 been postponed -for a week, as a merely formal protest against hurried legisla tion; and tho work of redistributing tho seats, In accordance with the census returns, has been done. All the members of the Lower House are so desperately anxious to got home and at the throats of their rival candidates, now with truly political unscrupulosity making hay In their absence at the post of duty, that nothing will keep them here very much longer. Debates grow more fractious from day to day, standing orders are relaxed, private members' days are gone, all the signs of the end are upon us. Small chance is there for the bills dealing with local government, fair rent, State firo insurance, old age pensions, alcoholic liquors coutrol amend ment, and other pleasant pests of legislation, good for many hours of weary discussion apiece. The record of the session has been rather of the nature of a Flemish account, so far. Two months and a half in session, and wo have passed — local Acts 7, privato Act 1, general Acts 12; of the latter, ono is an Imprest, and tho most important of the rest are the amend ment of the criminal code by raising the age of consent to 10, tho rating on the unimproved value — on which you have fully commented — the admission of women to tho legal profession (another step for tho ladles), and the restriction of Asiatic immigration, on the linos already described. What we liavo not done includes the servant girl half-holiday, tho fate of which made even some of tho most radical of the radical mem- bora of the House elevato their voices, and thank God that there Is an Upper House. I heard them myself, and can vouch for it. It is a mere detail that some of these fervent ejacu lations were Interruptions of violent denuncia tions of "that hospital for Incurables and mu seum of antiquities," as It is tbo fashion In moments of the finer political frenzy to call our Lords. Tho Important fact 13 that theso blood curdling reformers thnnked Heaven for the Second Chamber; and they did It when their domestic peace was threatened with Invasion. ELECTION PROSPECTS. The only certain prospect Is of multitudinous candidates. Like gnats in the evenings of early summer, In the damp air on tho borders of streams, they are— no doubt they will, as usual — be thinned down by various procosses of selection, natural nnd otherwise. How will tboy go? How can thoy go, If not against a party that Is hetero genous and unorganised, and with tho party that knows Its aims and stands together for them in the bonds of discipline. That reminds me of an other Important thing wo have not done this year in Parliament — we havo not put out tho Govern ment. This Government has been more shot at by no-confidence artillery than any other In our records, and has conquered every time by larger majorities. It 1ms also been more denounced on "the-tlme-will-come" principle than any other. The time that was always to come was election timo; but every time of coming it found the Go vernment stronger in tho country than ever. Tho prophets are, as usual, propheoylng. Thoy admit the past failures of prophecy; but thi3 time the caso Is special; tho enormities, atrocities. In famies of Ministers have got into too big a heap for the blindest follower to miss seeing. But what signs there arc — tho bucolical elector usually gives as many Blgns of political feeling as the patlont ox in his pasture, and his brother in tho city generally, at the present stago, takes tho city cab horso for his model In electoral enthusi asm—still, what signs there are, make for tho Government. Two days ago, for example, tho Premier wont up to Palmorston — tho thriving country town of 8000 people, centro ot the flourish ing Manawatu district — to open an Industrial ex hibition, and was received with a rapturous ap plause which astonished him, much though It was tho very thing ho would havo lllced of all others. All the signs are similar. My belief Is that the failure of tho Opposition to carry their no-confl- denco motion reflects tho feeling of the constitu encies. The last hope of tho Opposition Is the million loan, which thoy denounce as Inconsistent with tho non-borrowing pledges of the Govern ment. But tho public does not mind Inconsist ency, because it wants 10 millions, not one. A STORY OF THE SEA. I have heard of no finer deed of horolsm than the rescue of the crew of the ship Patrician by some members of the crow of tho steamer Fife- shlre tho other day, not far from the southern New Zealand coast. The Patrician left New castle with a cargo of coal, bound on a course thai took her south of New Zealand — "as tight as a bottle and never lost the underwriters a shilling" as her bravo captain. (Stirling) said at the inquiry In Dunedin aftorwards. Everything went well until the hurricane of the end of last month struck her. In his sixteen years of command tho skipper had seen nothing lllco It, either in typhoons in tho China seas or in cyclones in the Indfan Ocean. On August 20 tho hurricane was at Its height, tho ship's decks were swept, her spare spars wero adrift knocking everything to pieces, hor hatches all wrenched, the topmasts wero cut away, and In their fall added to tho pandemonium on deck, and smashed all tho boats. Every manoeuvre had beeu tried, things got worse, and at last the ship took to her beam onds, and her people waited for death with what comfort they could get out of the green seas going over them. At this moment, the Flfeshlro camo ulong, was promptly signalled, and as promptly bore down to the rescue. But how to get aboard In that furious sea? The third officer offered to go overboard with a line, and take It to the ship in distress. Captain Wilson peremptorily declined, and de termined to send a boat. They lowered the life boat — matchwood In half a minute, drifting to lee ward at the rate of knots in the waste of foam. Nothing daunted they lowered the captain's gig. Tho first mate. Ross, and two otheVs were afloat In her, and not another creature could they get aboard of her, so deadly was the danger of keep ing near to the huge laboring steamer. With rarest pluck, the three headed their boat for the sinking ship, and with rarest skill they fought her through the Intervening hell of mad waters. Within thirty feet of the wreck a huge sea came roaring after them, caught them in its wild grasp, and hurled them clean over the taffrall, the back wash took hold of her promptly, and put her back into the water without a scratch. Surely so marvellous a chance never was seen before; and surely no one will ever depend upon seeing it again. I take the fact from the evidence of Captain Wilson, of the Fifeshire, who was watch ing his brave fellows anxiously through his glass. "The Patrician was on her beam ends," said tho chief officer Ross, who carried out this marvel lous rescue with two sterling comrades, "the seas breaking right over and sinking hor." He got a lino from the ship, and then the work began. Ono by oue the shipwrecked men leaped into the sea, one by> one they were drawn into the boat; and when the boat was full she was pulled back through the wild sea to the steamer, and the peoplo. went to go overboard and they wero hauled on deck. This work went on for seven hours, at the end of which the chief officer was the last to leavo the boat, the line was cut, and tho Flfeshlro proceeded on her course. The only man the Patrician lost was a Frenchman, washed over board during the fight with the drifting spars. He and another were washed away; the other was brought back by the next sea, and the Frenchman was nearly so. "I hold out my leg to him; it was all I could do; ho didn't seem to notion It." The poor Frenchman was seen no more. Was this fatality due to shifting cargo? Was the shifting due to the employment at New castle of unskilled trimmers? a thing complained of, as I saw by your columns, a few weeks ago, by a local labor organisation, which declared that wrecks and loss of life would he the cer tain consequence. Captain Sterling swore the galo was exceptional, and neither he uor the men had the remotest suspicion the cargo had shifted. Well, all I can say on the whole subject Is that this Is one of the hardiest and noblest of all tho grand old stories of the sea, and that a coal ship is not the vessel to choose in a phe nomenal storm. 