A ROMANCE_ OF__MAORILAND. tcrOI'5isomT.) ON THEWAIKAPTO, BY ATHA _VESTBURZY CHAPTER V.--CoNTINUED. The oog stood watching me as I tried first the door and then the;win dow, to gain admittance. Going fir ther round to an angle of the building, where there had recently been added an additional room, I discovered that the small window therein yielded to my hand. It was what is known' as a cottage window and very small, but, after much tribulation, I managed to squeeze my body through it' and found myself in a room as dark as Hades. I carefully groped about ne, not wishing to give any needless alarm. I could distinctly hear some one snoring soundly, the noise being a good imita tion of the lower notes of a French -birrr. bGiGded by 'the sound, 1 laid my hand on a plump form slumbering peacefully on a stump bedstead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an instant the snoring ceased,giving place to a girl's voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an unnmis takablo northern atiasW: " What the deel's that ?" " I-Hush, my girl! It's only-" " Wha are ye ?" she cried, sitting bolt upright and stretching forth her arms. " Is it a ghaist that touched sme? The Lord save us and bless us ! it's no canny to be haunted," she mut tered, in a lower ecy and with trembl ing lips. " I am not a ghost," I returned, in a reassuring tone. I-lave you matches and candlehandy?'" "Matches? What gars ye speak of matches? Tak yersel awa." If my life had been at stake I could not have held in the hearty guffaw that escaped me like a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. "Ah, it's a poor gate when ane meets auld Cloutie!" she cried, beginning to sob. "Blessed saints, save me froni the unco wain !" My laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland began to bark. " My good woman, don't you hear that I am only a man ?-a being.of flesh and blood, like yourself?" I an swered, giving her another shake. " A man !" she ejaculated, in quite another tone' of voice. "How dare you come in a decent lassie's room at this time of nicht? How dare you do it?" "Listen to me for a minute." " I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie," she responded quickly. "Shame on ye, mon, to come sneaking tae one's room when all the rest o' the house are sleeping." .. ... "Confound it! Will you listen to me while I explain ?" "Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I'll rouse the captain," she cried, sharply, raising her voice to a higher . pitch. "Come, march, out ye go through the window." "Which is Captain Heywood's room?" "Which? Ah! ye would be at murder you villain ?" she answered, fumbling for the candlestick. "My dear madam, believe me I am-" "Don't fash yoursel', mon, with sweet words," replied my invisible com panion. " Keep your blarney to cool your porridge. I'm no your dear madam, ye ugly loon; and not to be bamboozled by fair blather. Do ye think I don't ken ye, Maister Davie Brock? Although ye are trying to change your voice ! . I ken ye, my lad ! And what's more, I'll tell the captain what a false carle ye are, if I live to see the morn !" The welcome greeting of a match struck my ear as she concluded and in stantly the room was illumined. "Why, you are no Davie, after a'!" she cried, gazing at my blood-stained face and torn habiliments in amaze ment. "Certainly not, I replied, gravely. "If you had only condescended to listen to me for a moment I would have explained my being here at this hour." "Oh, you would,. eh? Wvell, what do ye want?'' eyeing me suspici ously. " I have an important comimunication to make to Captain Heywood without delay.' " Gang to the.hut o' the men yonder aiid see thebCaptai' in, the.morning, ' I nus see him at once." "Ye must?" "I must !" Aweel, then, gang and see him; aind, I say, have the manners to close the window after ye." 'A brave, brawny wench, this, with'a round, fair face, big, honest eyes and arinm as strong and muscular as a 'vil lage blacksmith, fit to go into the wil derness in co-partnership with somse young and hardy settler to hew out of the primitive chaos a home and fortune for her progeny. I objected to niake my exit through the windoivand begged that she would awaken Captain Heywood, as my in formation concerned the safety of the station. " I canna go to the maister in my sark!" she cried, in some confusion. " Gang out at :he window for just two minutes and then 111 be ready to do your bidding." I was out of the window in a crack, and was shortly afterwards joined by my rmaid, who without more ado led me to round to a side door arId ria" a bell. Presently a head was thrust forth with an old-fashined nightcap thereon, from one of the windows. " What's the matter ?" called a voice resembling the sharp grating of a hand-, saw on a nail. ,ITere's a man warnts to speak wi pe, 1 sir. 'Particular businress. Tell the man to go to- Jeri- i cho! , responded . the 0voice and the head and nightcap disappeared' but in a moment . tall, thin figure emerged round the coiner of the ver andalh, clad scantily and bearing in his hand -a candle. I sug ested that thie miaid sihould re I tire, as i:hit. Il haid to say was quite confidential, whereupon the captain i (for it was he) held the light above' his I head and took "a critical suirvey. of my tout esemibdc. " I'll take your figure head for your I honesty, but, as for the rest 'of you, I hang me, you seem to have experi- i enced rough weather;'" hIisaid coolly, I "'I'm 'an old sea dog and not to be I bamboozled, by huminbug, Now, what I d'ye want ?" I told my errand in twenty words, 1 but not before the girl had retired. "Phew !" whistled the mariner; "is the wind in that quarter? Well, I'll contrive the dogs a warm reception I when they do come. How many did I you say there were?" "About fifty, Captain Heywood, as 1 near asI could calculate., " Iluimph ratheri long odds. Never 1 mind, sir, come in." I followed him through apairof fold- I ing doors into a well-carpeted and lofty apartment, furnished most luxuriously. By the soft light of a costly bronze lamp which the captain lit, 1. saw that no vulgar taste had suggested the fur niture and belongings of this apart ment. From the thick maroon cur tains to the soft, delicate-tinted paper on the- walls, there was exquisite har-. I mony, blended with artistic design. 4 Nothing loud or showy check by jowl. with rare bric-a-brac here. I have known people with more money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had abundant taste and very little, money, have managed to make home comfortable and even elegant In this apartment there was wealth and ele gance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared to be a hardy son of Neptune, verging on fifty five and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade me be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a per sonal account of myself as to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the WVaikato. The request seemed reasoiable and I gratified him, just touching so much I of my history as merged into the ques- I tion at issue. "And so your name'is Frank Leigh, 1 you say?" "Yes; here is my card." "Card !" he echoed in suiprise;" do you carry cards?"' " "Certainly, Captain Heywood." "Of course; no offence, my lad." "Leigh-Leigh?" ' he repeated to 1 himsel-' ' Leigih?' I know thart ntame 1 well' enough.. What part of the old i. country do you hail from?".': t "A little township called Tetley, in 1 Lincolnshire," I replied, smiling.' " The devil!" cried the 'calitain, t starting suddenly to his feet. "No, sir, I said 'Tetley," cried I, laughing.. " So you did, my lad. Why, hang I me, I was' born within three miles of it," ejaculated the old fellow, with i much energy. "I knew a Colonel Leigh who lost an arm at the battle of Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbled- I down ruin called 'The Pillars,' about half-a-mile out of T'etley." "The colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. I was born like my father before me-at 'The Pil lars.', "You don't say so! Give me your I fin, my boy. HI-Hang me, I'm glad to meet you," he cried, with genuine plea- I sure beaming from his eyes. "Lord: love you, I've stolen many a ton of apples out of the old colonel's garden when I was a younker. And. what a I terror he was to gipsies and tramps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice. Why, I remneber himr as well as if I'd 'only left the old - country yesterday, and 'I've been oh.the Waikato these twenty years." Once started on the topic of his birthplace, the captain went on for over an hour with rapid questions relative to men and events' which' had passed into oblivion before I was born. It was useless for me to remind him of the pressing danger which hung over Fern Cliff. .Not until grey dawn began to peep in at the window did he desist. Then he kindly led 'me to a spare bed room, and placing a decent suit of tweed at my disposal, begged me to make his house my home or run away out of the threatened danger, as I pleased. CHAPTER VI. My Bohemian life had almost ob literated thelatent ideas of luxury and comfort froni my thoughts. The sight ofa well-furnished apartment, with all its: cosjr appdadages t6 soothe the heart and mind and invite sleep were before my eyes: In my boyhood days just such an other room sas imsineat "' The Pillars." of which ' the captain had spoken. Here were the soft carpet, in color to match the thick, close curtains that' shut out the cold wiinds and the black ness of night; here the easy chair and slippers and the inviting lied, with its cos-erlet of thick white satin, its soft I cambric sheets and the dainty pillows bordered with costly lice. Even in 7 my fatigued state of body and with my mind full of the danger looming over the captain's domicile, my thoughts ran riot in wanton liberty of range. 7 India, China, the Conitinent of Europe and hack to the old ruin of Colonel Leigh in Lincolnshire. Waking up fromn my reverie, my gaze encountered a face lookitng down at nme from the opposite wall. It was only a photograph or crayon, depicting the liead aud bust of a young girl; but lhe picture seemed endowed with liv ing, brcathing life. I have seen faces on canyas that words cannot describe. So on the moving.panorama of walk ing humanity that passes across one's vision have I beheld faces which an artist could not portray. The coun tenance before me was not strictly beautiful. There are certain "beauty womien," as there are certain "beauty men," in whose features one detects no fault-who are the show- figures of any party or assembly in which they appear -but who, some how, inspire no sen timent and excite no interest; they lack some expression, whether of mind or of soul or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is but alovely picture. Yet the picture here reversed this order of things. Take the features singly, and they were by no means perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. But the face aroused and impressed the imagina tion with a belief in the purity and lov liness of virgin woman-woman un tempted and untainted, either by tire follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple, luxuriant knob behind the small ears, together with the pale olive complexion, were cer tainly not English ; but the dark blue, lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mouth, and the smooth white brow, were unmistak able characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. The luxury of a bath somewhat com pensated for my want of rest. I felt in vigorated and ready again for any emer gency. It was broad daylight now. I drew aside the curtains, opened the win dow and looked forth.' A bright, beauti ful morning, with the isun just beginning to gild the topmost peak of Mount Tarrara far away on the distant horizon. Below, the rich valley, prolific with life and beauty. As my gaze wandered over the distant ranges, 1 became aware of an object slowly moving along between the trees. Waiting and watching. I saw that it was a body of men-arined men-Maoris; in fact. My first thought suggestedTe Huri; but no, as they approached nearer, I recog nised Rewi and my companions of the previous day's hunt. The young chief tain marched at the head of' his men and near him a Pakeha, whom I had never seen before. WTVnile. I stood watching theiraoproach,Captain Heywood entered, armed to the teeth. "Cood morning',' Ihe cried. "Bless me, you look more ship-shape now. I see you hlaviO recognised the kingites approaclhing.' It's all right; there will be no scrimmnnage after all. " How did you find means to commu nicate with Rewi'" I enquired, in sur prise. " All chance, my lad," he replied, sceating himself. ." Chance does more for us betimes than the beat laid schemes. My overseer, a shrewdfetllow, who knows his w'tay b';buts'the' iakato its ell es most men about iher, volunteered to go to the settlement of the kinRg for aid. IHe proposed taking a short cutover tIhe range, which Ihas evidently led him, into the arms 'of IRewi and Iris huntirng party, who, I see, are returning with hlim." "Then the Te Ifuri will not show fight?" " Nota bit of it," he answered, laugh ing. "The Maori banditti are too care ful to hazard a light with anythling like equal numbers. It is only the defecrre less who,, they hIave rhe temeority to attack. ' Blrut,' by Jupiter ! they wouldt Ihave found IRalph Hleywod a rnatch for some of them." At the captain's suggestion, I went with, him to taeot the warriors. IRtewi expressed linmself dalighted to see me safe and well. ilie host, without rorer ado, marched-the whole brigade into a large shed; and, having ordered brcek fast for them, conducted me round thre premises. I began to feel very huingry ere we had gone the round of the stables, the grain ery, orchard, men's lruts and conservatory of plants, Sc., by which tihe place was fringed.d " I have a few friends staying with me at present in the house to whomr I shall be happy to introduce you, my lad,"'he said, linking his arm in mine sand leading the way to' the breakfast parlor. " In my experience."lie conitinued, " I always found it bad policy to get up a scare without urgent necessity. Now, I acted on this plan in the present instance; therefore, tlhee are seven or eight leople you will meret in a few minutes who have not the faintest idea of how near 'tirey were to a bullet or a Maori torriahawk." " You acted wisely, sir." 'rOf course," answered he drily. -'Now, to give you some idea of the folks you will meet-first, there is my girl N'." -'That's the maid ?' " Maid ? No, mny daughter. I call her ' Nix' because when she was a wee toddler she could never prorsource Irne (woich, by the way, is her name), but only Nix. Next orr tire list is a neigh bor of rrriur, a vidomy, fair, fat arrd for:y, and who io sole rrijtreso of osie of the linest estates between this and Auckland. You will rio durrbt finrd M~rs. Blake a very fascinatirrgr somrianr; but, yeor ear, buy, beware of her, that's all. No. three is tie liev. -Josiah Uackle, tire finesat atrlete in Nero Zcrlird, blut a grand rirnr for a' tSier. If you are anyi hlnid at silgie stick you ias mayae hlimi, your ansorri irienrd in half an hour. Tine fourtir personage is Major Bril, t lire Auckland Rrhles. Tire gallanrt irmalor rs a geitleirranor hir thiniks hie is, svlnicih is all the same. He saorts an eyeglass asd lioips like my Lord Durr dreary. Thor there is Professor Siede roan, tranllirn. in, search of the missiln link, which Ite trusts to find amongst the Waikato tribes af the Maoria, or per chance somewhat nearer Iromse. Seseirth, Dame Treni, my housekeeper; and last, but by no nierns least; iln Victr Da pless, imy Ii dauigter s preceptor, a French roan sof the old school and, I riay add, an odditv is hirs cc Q Quite a gliaxy of talent," 1 mentally said.-To cc CoeNtseso. 1V 4 