Congregatioiial Church, West Maitland. ' COUSIN JACK'S LAND.' Last evening, the celebration ot cne annivorHnry of the Congregational Church, West Maitland, was concluded by the delivery of a lecture entertain ment by tho Rev. E. Tremayne Dunsfcan, assiated by the choir of the church and other singers. There was a largo attendance, tho church being well filled. Mr. A. Thomas presided, and in a few bnei womb introduced the subject and the leotnrer. The Rev. Lecturer said the story bo had come to tell them was a story of ' our village' and 'our folk.' Tho former was a very humble one, and would scarcely be discovered in a map, and the folk were the ordinary country folk. He then pro ceeded to skotoh the beauty of the little place, painting in vivid colours tho scenery and. aurroundingB, olearly showing that to him it was tho land above all others— home, street homo, Somo early historical associations were given of Cornwall, and of tho tin mining carried on there, one early writer describing tho tin as being torn from tho rooks, and carried to islands close by. Another of ib being curried to a neighbouring island in carringes, which wbb rather wonderful, but might bo explained that there was a portion of tho ooast whioh was at times an island — at otnors wuon tno tiao wob iow n pouiuoui», nu\\* whioh could be roaohod by vehicles. Tho tin was carried from this place, Mount St. Michael and the Scilly IsIob by the Phoonioians to Tyro. This trado brought a close intercourse between the two nations, whioh could be traoed in the dark complexions and air ot tho residents of the fishing and mining villages. Diodorua said they wore extremely civilized and h'oapitablo. He related' a story told by the old flaherfolk of Queen Zenobia and her aona finding a refuge ia Cornwall. Though there wns a difficulty in separating truth from error in these stories, they might be proved by tho race of fi8her P/.llr nn flia nnnal-. uitilnVl flifTnroH frnm i.hp nhildrfin of farmerB inland. Notwithstanding tho influx of Saxons and Normana into England, nnd the various changes in language that ot Cornwall remained unimproved till tho 17th century. It was very [similar to the Wolah, but had now dis appeared. Tho last speaker of it waa Dolly Pent renth, who lived to be 100 years old, and who whon 80 walked to London to see tbo Queen before she died. Tho desiro of the Cornish people to see tho Quoon waa referred to, and the disgrace ib was thought ta hnvo vioited London nnd not to havo done so. In his inimitable etyle tho lecturer related how Captain Mitobell paid a visit to London to give evidence- in a mining oaae and had not obtained a sight of her Majesty, and the story he told of his interview with tho king — nil droBsod in uniform and lnoe at the gate — but fcliab ho was unable to see the Queon us it was her washing day. ' Washing day' took tho plaoo of the familiar ' not nt heme' of, the present day. 'BoforonooB were made to the atoriea of King Arthur nnd tho Knighti of tho. Round Tablo, and thoy were ebill shown tho plnoe where tho last buttlo was fought, so graphically deaoribed by Tennyson, In tho civil whrs botwoon ChnrloR and tho Parliament, Cornwnll was held for the Jung, and it wna Donated that tho Roynlist flag had nover boon hauled down, or a civetlo taken, though somo peoplo explained it by saying ib was too far airny for the PurliamonbnrianB to trouble about. In the troublo with the StunrtB and Cromwell they Bbowcd whnb stuff thoy were rarido of, When .Tames hnd imptiaonnd tho bishops, inaludiog Trolnwny, the Bishop of tho West, 20,000 miners swnrmed from the minon nnd fishing vIllagOB rondy to mnroh to London to defend him, Tho lootursr then prooooded fco doRCribo in a humorous mnnnor — bho militia movement i the Cornieh fnimer, with tho Btricfc way In whioh Sunday tvna kopfc; tho flsliing villages nnd bho pilchard i -tho praotioo of wrecking, introdnolng tho Btory of tho parson, who, when nows wub brought of a ship ou tho ooast, nnd nil tho oongrn Ration were rushing off to boIzo what thoy oould, in Rtontorlnn tones couimaudod them to stop — until ho got n fair start with thorn, Clianiotoi'iotlca of tho pnnplo— tholr struggles, pluolr, push, and per sovernnoo, bnlief in plxieia nnd ghosts — with a true ghost afcory thrown in i tho religious feolinga of tho people., tho old hunting parson nnd the now ordor j tho Mothodinb and maetin', nnd travai ling preachers , woro nil dilated upon, Tho descriptions woro brimful of humorous atorlop, nud aa the lecturer wns a native, told in inlmltiblo stylo in tlifl dlnloot ot tho pooplo. Mnny of them hnd none. tho Inas offnot through boing told nt tho oxponoo of (Aip lnoturor hlmsolf j and some of thorn aorvod to point n iriornl nguinat modorn ouatoma. During tho ovonlng tho romnrka of tho lecturer wore illuetrnted by bho following progrnmmot — 'Homo, nwoot homo,' Gloo Pnrtyi 'The donr hpmolnnd,' Minn Smith) 'Swoettand Low,' Gloo Party; 'Thn King's Minstrel,' Mr. W. A, Ollvort ' A llttlo farm,' Mnaara, W. Why, A. Hnllama, and A, Plnodoni 'Three Flahora wont a Sailing,' und ' ToilorB,' MIbb Thlatlothwnyto, tho lady good naturally giving tho latter in plnou of another pinoo on tho programme; 'Oboron in Fnirylnnti,' nnd 'Tho bulls of Sb. Mlohnal'a Towor/' Gloo Party. MrB. Anstcy noted an nouompnnlsbnb tho plnno, nnd the Eov, 0. .T, W. Moon notod ns nouduntor to tho Gloo Patty. Tho whoJp of tho singora nro to bo congrnhilivtnd on tho oxoollonoo of tliolr p«rform nneos, whioh with thn lcoturo formed ono of tho bout ontnrtninnionta of tho klud givon in Malblnnei, By noolnmufcton tha nudlonoo tlmnkod tho inohurnr, siniroM, nnd all whn hnd tnkon pnrb, In oluiiiiR thn Ohnlrman, nnd thn proooodhiRB oIohpcI with n ooupln of ntnnssna of tho N*Hnnn,l Anfchnm. Thron good wnahos arn roonlvod by an AbyBsinlan during bin onrcior— nt hla birth, on hia niiirrlngo morn, nnd nt IiIb 'donth. Ab nil other tlmoa ho nliuna Hnap tinel wntor. Thn Lord Ohnnoollor is tho only mombor of tho British Onbinob who ia nob nllowud fco go outnldo of Gront Brirnin, This ia booauBo ho mnnt' hnvo tho grnnb nonl in bin pnrnonnl oHBhndy, nnd to rnke tho gront final outnldo of Gront Britain would bo nn not oP high tronaon. A alrnp'o and offlonalonR romoely for n aprnlnod wrinfc Is to lull wntor run upon it ovory morning for Borne minutes, holding tho wrteb nH low bonunth tho iwMitli of tho tnp as poaaiblo, ao thnb tho wnfcor may hnvo n good fall. After thla hna boon dono, bnndngn ib tlRhMy, lohti.np fcho bnndngo rnranin until bho noxb nblutlon, Tho sprnln will bo ro duasel iu a fotv days, 