PARS IN PARLIAMENT Br SoiuBLzitus. That tho question of private members' business should be raiBod yesterday was in no way wonderful. There are many itomB of such business on tlie puper which liuvc not the ghost of a shadow of a chance of receiving reasonable attention, and indeed some of it lias no ohauoo whatever of being discussed nt all. Groom desired that some nrrangemont should be made in tlio way of time concession, so tliut tlio various subjects might liuve a iiliow.' Nelson wus desirous of helping private in'ombers all ho could, but there wero difficulties in tho way of Friday sittings, since inuny members find it inconvenient to stay in town on that day. As to tho congested state of tho businoss paper in relation to private members' busi ness, a good deal of that iBinero fireworks and flush. That is just so. Three or four items might be named whicli cannot possibly result in anything practical, and liavo already led to the wusto of time wliioii might have been hotter used. More than one of those piocos of'-busiiioeslinvo boon rendered abortive by tho folly of those members who had charge of thorn,. by tho unconscionable lovo of long talk with which thoy are afflicted. Knowing tlio yory short timo whicli week after week is dovoteu to private business,' thoy should liavo been parsimonious of speech, but instead of that thoy have been prodigal of talk. Uloi ! how vast is the folly of even wcll-intontioncd men. . Lonn estimates, tho businoss of tho sitting, wus quickly. reached,. and tho first item to lio cousidored was - that which was under discus sion a week ago — the item £5,000 for adver tising the colony, with the object of inducing fiill-payiug passengers to conio out. Tho member for BuiidiibDrg indulged in one of liis gin-horso speeches, rattling lmlf-n-dozcn or fewer thoughts round and round like a razzle-ilazzle. Nelson, iu reply to a request . for information, told tlie Houso that tlie Cubinot lind resolved to send to Europo three men who, it was believed, would be sn'eeesaful in spreading u knowledge of the character und resources of our country. As to the criticism of Mr. Black's appoint ment and its results, ho insisted that it should ha borne in mind that tlie your of Mr. Black's mission was 18U3, the year of crisis, lie then referred individually to tho men and thoir pay — there was Finucnnc, fitted by his nationality, and ' liy his knowledge of the languages und tlie customs of tlio various countries which skirt, tho Mediterranean. His speeiul field is Southern Europe, uud lie is to liavo £500 a yeur. Lyons liud tlio capacity and tho geuornl fitness for tlie work, ana lio is to liuvo £300 a year; us to Randall, his quali fications ure well known. He laid dono good work in tho way of inducing omigriuits leaving the United Kingdom to como to Queensland. If 11113' evidence wero needed in this regard, his success in inducing the mem ber for Bunduberg to como to tills couuhy might bo pleaded. But really, arguod Georgo Thorn, the wholo of tiiis £5,000 is only a waste of mono'. Tho amount is too small. Tho voto should bo so much larger as to pormit of assisted iinmi- gratiou, particularly and especially the immigration of singlo women, a regular stream of whom should he kept up. As to tho sort of limn who is best fitted for tho position of lecturer, Dickson's contention was that tliu ideal man wua ho who had started lifo as u labourer, and liad risen to .tho position of master furmor. Such a man would bo in himself au object lesson as to tho fitness of the cotintrv for men who liavo grit, pluck, and such like. That seemed 'to bo thu meaning somowhat drawn out, und I funcj' there was something in it: There was of course, naturally, ncces- sarily, some talk nbout ohcap money for farmers. Tho fun of this business is that wo rarely hear of thin excopt from men who know nothing about farming. Farmers are rarely heard to wliino after tliis coddling, but men who for political purposes aim ut the cultivation of the cultivator gubble about it unceasingly. Almost against one's will one fulls buck itpon the man of the old stony who pleudcd pretentiously for economy, urging that certain money should not be wnsted, but should bo given to tlio poor. " Not," says the story. " that he oared forthe poor, but boemfsc, &c.;" The' application of this is perhaps somowhnt occult, hut it is there somowhore, ready und wuiting to ho found by tlie assiduous tiearchor. Sim slipped . into two ' pieces of heresy and 0110 humorous suggestion. His first heresy wus tlmt a man to whom high wages wore paid might bo olieap ut tho monoy. The foundation of tlie heresy was a remark inado by tho Premier to tho effect that lie imd been paid at tlie rate of £1,800 a yearns manager ut a station— at any ruto I took that to be iris statement, and he msislcd that talent must be paid for. But. funoy a followor of tlio repre sentative of on agricultural district who nibbles ut every salary ovor £400 a your ven turing the assertion that a highly paid man might bo olieap . His second horesy.wus the barefaced assertion that Qtiooiisluiid is 'one, of tho best uoiiiitnos in tlio world. Fancy a liiun who is ouo of the set of members, somu of whom eeaso 'not to decry this country, venturing suoli an assertion. His humorous suggestion wus that a doputntion of members of the Houso might bo nont to ISuropo to inako known fcho gloriea of our land. Now, whon ouo thinks of this, it comas with muoh forco, for it has obout it marvellous poten tiality for good— to the member ; but what about tho bleeding couutry ut tbo other end ? What would Jiuppcu if Hoolan wero to pour out from British platforms tho silly spendi ou Queonslaud with which ho resettled the Houso 11 row weeks ago ? After a sort of wranglo of a mixed sort, covering subjects many and joined in bv Dawson, Browne, Hamilton, and Nelson, and m tho course of which was a sido discussion as to "annuity." and "pension," Nelson re fusing, and rightly, to ullow tlmt a yuurly grant which a man purchases by contributions of his own money can bo called a pension, G-ltwscy moved a reduction of tho voto by £3,900. Harduoro scorned to think this would put him in .'a iix, inasmuch as ho was in favour of Bonding homo Xiiiuouuc, hcoauso ho thought lio would bo ablo to do Queens land good' by promoting the cultivation of semi-tropical products,— but he voted for tho reduction after all. During tlio discussion 011 tlio amendment, Nelson upbraidod .tho labour seotion for that soino of thom persistently speak ill of tho oountry, and Glussoy denied tlio impenoli- ment, whioli of tor ull is truo 113 truth, or Eng. lisli is not English, In tho eourso of liis denial ho mounted his brumby Tremolo, and tlio iU-miiunored bruto run away with its rider. Whon mouuted lio declared liis adhesion to his prodcogioiui aritlunotio of tho unemployed, actually assorting tlmt thoy hud not boon dis proved! Thou ho created a mild diversion by u display of rhetorical bombast, whioli brought down tho Houso. His oareering about in his denunciation of tho conservatism of tho Premier, and tho gonerul mlsgbvorn- mont of tlio country, was rich boyoud descrip tion, to say nothing of ooncoption. Tho otfcot produced two or threo times by tlio bringing togotbor of his hands with a sounding smuok was nothing short of olcotrio. Tho voto, us originally moved, was passed by a strictly party vote. Tlio noxt vote wns for harbour works, nnd covered some big things, us it might well do, tor its iimotint wns £70,950. Thoro wus a whurf at Broadsomul, and dredging a cliunnol iu tins , liurbour thoro ; there was u suotion dredge ; and there was the reinstatement or restoration of tlio Townsvillo broakwuters, mid fcho talk 011 fcho various items was, as may be imagined, disonrsivo enough. 