SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1896. " The supreme product of England " is not its institutions, its empire, its " commerce, or its literature—it is the " individual Englishman" ! This is what the Bishop of Peterborough told a great gathering at Oxford the other day, and he went on to devote an entire " Romanes lecture" to the task of ex- plaining what is the element in the individual Englishman which makes him at once of such value to the world and so indigestible to the stomach of foreigners, Dr. CREIGHTON, in a word, undertook once more the oft-attempted task of trying to " explain" the typical Englishman, to resolve him into his elements and to detect the qualities which make him both so successful and so unpopular. It is a very rare genius, however, who can dissolve that mysterious compound the "character" of a nation in his ink-pot, and explain, with scientific pre- cision, the secret of its power—the qualities which enable it to resist time, and achieve victory, and impress itself in ineffaceable characters on history. The vivifying force of a nation is, no doubt, the character of its individual citizens. The world has witnessed the rise of other em- pires, as stately and magnificent as that over which Queen VICTORIA reigns, but they have fallen as well as risen. They were empires, they are memories, mere historic ghosts that have passed from the world of living politics and only haunt the pages of historians. "Other institutions," says Dr. CREIGHTON, "have seemed more " solid, but they have passed away. " Other empires have been vaster, but " they have vanished. Commerce may " have been equally adventurous in " other times, but its harbours and marks " are in ruins. Literature may have " spoken in richer tones, and science " may have constructed more massive " systems; but they are now the " inspiration of a few students." Why have great and ancient kingdoms vanished? It has been, Dr. CREIGHTON says truly enough, because national character failed in power to keep what it had acquired. Are there elements in English national character which give promise of escaping that fate ? To find an answer to that somewhat serious question Dr. CREIGHTON undertakes a scientific analysis of the English character. This is an ambitious task, and the lecture leaves the reader, indeed, with the im- pression that it is too big for Dr. CREIGHTON. Though he can construct some more or less wise and witty aphorisms about the typical English- man, he is not quite able to decompose him into his elements and explain this great human factor in the world's history. Yet it is always interesting to hear what a critic so keen and shrewd, as well as sympathetic, has to say on such a subject. The English, Dr. CREIGHTON thinks, were the first people who formed for themselves a national character at all ! This is a somewhat hard say- ing, when we remember how separate and characteristic was the physiognomy of Egyptian, and Greek, and Roman. Apparently, however, Dr. CREIGHTON'S history begins with the Norman con- quest ; and he detects, shrewdly enough, that curious separateness which at a very early period became the note of English politics. England, that is, from the first, declined to melt into the general politics of the Continent ; and this was due, not to the accident of its insular geography, but to a certain stubborn quality of inde- pendence in the English character. In one sense the typical Englishman is a much more eclectic being than the typical Continental. The Continental nations are imprisoned within their natural boundaries ; but it has never been so with England. From the Middle Ages downwards, to quote Dr. CREIGHTON, it "slowly absorbed Wales, " waited for Scotland, and neglected " Ireland." In modern times England has overflowed into all lands and seas. But though the typical Englishman refuses to be im- prisoned within his own narrow geo- graphical boundaries, his character has always a certain note of separateness. He stubbornly insists on managing his own affairs. He has a curious faculty for resisting the ideas which sweep over other nations. Abstract questions and ideal schemes do not take him captive, though some great English politicians, alas, in modern times have certainly stripped themselves of that severe and wholesome practicality. To this separateness Dr. CREIGHTON thinks there is added the hardness which comes with almost unbroken success. English history does not bear the scars of centuries of oppression, of long struggles to achieve unity, of pas- sionate outbreaks of national despair, of dreams of universal happiness or of universal empire, ending in a sad awakening. The Continental nations have certainly suffered more than Eng- land. Suffering, no doubt, has its own compensations ; but it has left on these nations traces of "something fantastic, " unreasonable, fanatical." The Eng- lishman is not chastened by memories of defeat, and hence his irritating habit of defeat "aggressively reasonable " advice" which other nations find so exasperating. The typical Englishman is not only separate and hard, he is bluntly out- spoken. He forms, with a curious in- dependence, his own opinion, and have formed it insists on uttering it, and does this, too, usually at the top of his voice. This is not an amiable habit. But by way of compensa- tion no other human being is perhaps so tolerant of opinions which contradict his own A Conti- nental statesman looks upon "opinions" as so much dynamite. He will suppress or punish dangerous opinions as he would criminal acts. The Englishman, on the other hand, is not only magnani- mously tolerant of all opinion, it seems to him the worst of crimes to punish for mere opinion. The executions under Queen MARY were not more numerous than those under HENRY VIII. or ELIZABETH. What is it gives them so shocking a completion in English eyes ? They were inflicted, Dr. CREIGHTON answers, for the mere holding of opinions, and not for the maintenance of social order. Perhaps the most original part of Dr. CREIGHTON'S address is that in which he contrasts the slow and deliberate way in which England weighs Continental literature, art, and thought, and rejects decisively what is not in harmony with itself, and the almost unreasoning rapidity with which other nations have been dominated by impulses from England. Nothing is more curious, in fact, than the irritating unconscioius- ness the English character has of the decisive way in which it has moulded both the history and the insti- tutions of other nations. A great book might be written on this theme alone. Perhaps the part of Dr. CREIGHTON'S lecture which will be read with most complacency is that in which he de- clares that the typical Englishman takes with him everywhere certain crude but obstinate notions of liberty, duty, and justice, which make him, on the whole, the best civilising agent known to modern history. Courtiers, of old, used to flatter kings. Dr. CREIGHTON, it is to be feared, has undertaken to flatter a nation ! Before long the Governments of various countries will be compelled to legislate for the proper control and administration of hospitals. The subject of the proper conduct of a hospital is beset with difficulty, since so many different interests have to be respected when action is proposed to be taken. Hospitals in the first instance were erected for the benefit of the sick poor. They have long since, how- ever, ceased to be used by the sick poor only, persons making application to them who cannot in any sense be described as poor. They have further become the training-ground for phy- sicians and surgeons, and on their scientific administration depends the nature of the medical education of the particular country in which they are situated. A third set of interests is, however, apt to make itself felt. There have gradually arisen a class of paid lay officials, whose business it is to administer hospitals, and who, while nominally servants, are frequently the masters of the representative, or unre- presentative committees which manage these institutions. The function of these officials is important and their knowledge of hospital management is necessarily extensive ; but their interests do not always coincide with those of the other two groups, namely, patients and medical practitioners. Hospitals aro usunlly governed by a committee which is elected by sub scribers, tlio state Government, which often conti lbutes the greater poition of the hospital income, being sometimes un icpiesentod Illa medical oihceis ii o elected nniv byt.iecommittees,iiowby the subscríbela, and as hospital appoint monts aie of the greatest \allic to medical men in tlio earlior stnges of their cireei, it follows thnt theio ate usually moie applicants than vacancies Then onsucs i not unnatuial result, vi/, tint committees somotiuies bolnvc in an aibitim) and un)ust fashion, feel mg tint thtv hold the medical stall it thowhip Nor is tlio tiouble p.culini to Austialia Um muse celtbic how ovci, is undoubtedly the dispute in toiinortioii with the Adelaide llos pital, which fumi-lics so nduuinble an lllu.tiation of the methods of soino democratic politic ians thnt it is vvoith ie|iroduction What follows is an abstract of tlio nairatiVo which ap peaied in the 1nttuolimai jlftdiutll /oin nal foi Ma) 'J lie hospital in Adelaide 13 a Goveinnicnt institution nuclei tlio conliol ol the Chict Secretaiy and al boaid of mnnngemont, which has piovcd to lie nothing moro than a bowl of advice It consists of U members, one appointed 1>) the Universit), ono appointed by the chanty commis sioners, and tlio lest by the Oovein ment 'ihus it will be seen that the hospital is contiolled absolutely bv the Government of tlio day About two years ago a vatancy occurred in the position of nir,lit supoimten tient of nurses 'lim Chief Secietaiy instructed the boaid not to ad vor tuso foi outsido applicants, but to piomote ft am the stall 'Hie medical superintendent, Di l'l uks, bv direction, lepoitcd conlidentiilly to tlio house committee, and lecommendcd a nurse named Gordon, who was accoidin«ly .appointed Hie othet nurses thought that the appointment should have gone by seniority, nnd said that Miss Gor don i appointment was al rellection on their capabilities, mil ftnther insinuated that it was a political iob, n,s Miss Gordon was re luted to the Chief Secretaiy Not withstanding tlio publication of Di I'likss confidential repoit, tlio dis contented nurses sent i piotobt to tho bond and two junior muses named II .«Kiss and Gi uivai woio especially pioimuent m the agitation Miss li uv hiss told tho houso committee that she would not submit to it wheieupon she was suspended Alisa Grui vu wiote in liisuboidiiinte lotter to the Chief Sccietary, which was pub hshed in tho daily press, and she was also very outspoken to Dr PlkKS nnil the board lltrpcuod of piobation having expired tho boaid declined to furthet eiiiplo) hoi The nurses demanded nu independent inquiry and the Premier (Mr Kinostoî.) acceded to their request and appointed a lloval Commission lim coiunussion ropoiled that if Nuises Il .willst, mid G»MUM apologised tho) should bo re appointed, and that the action of Dr Pi RliS wassatisfictor), as also was the appointment of Mi.s ¡Jon don '11 o nurses then made a formal apology, and the boaid io appointed Nurso JI.WMNS, but declined to io commend iNuiao Gi. in AM foi appoint incut lim Premiei lequested tho boaid to ic appoint hei, and on their refusal said ho would appoint a new L nid when tho yonr of ofiico of the present bonni oxpned lins he did, and tho new bon id m eluded the louai adviser of íviiises, Ifvvvkiivs mid Qu mi.M Severnll moinbois of tho new board then le signed owing to the natuio of the new ippointnicnts Pefoio appointing n nuw board the Piomict instrutted the hospital secretaiy to put \hss Git mum on diit\, she having been pieviou.l), b) the Pieimeih oidei, jiaid her salaiy Hie medical stall now requested the bonni to remove Nurso Grmi.ji Hie) ftuthci piotestcd ngunst tho non nppointin nt of any of their membeis on tim boan!, a departure horn custom Hie 1 lemiei declined to allow the nniso to bo lenioved, nnd at a publie meeting \iliiud tho piofession, and cilletl Dr \\\ Vi a "medical lack " the hippei ' 'Hie stall thcietipoii resigned in a boil) 'I ho demo j cintit Picmici, howevei, was not to bo beaten in this wa), and adi oi ti.td foi a lesident surgeon and resident ph) sitian, then silines to lie i-100 and i-IQO pel iiinuin 'J hese ho has lnnioitcd fiom London, to take tho place of tho honor ii) medical still which has rescued A discreditable stoiv Hie medical still has been in tho light tliion.liout tho dispute, sinco in technical matters medical olhccrs ni ti. the best jud_.es ol | hospital management ^et so tai it has been badi) beaten 1 ho adnu well illustrates tho fnct that sometimes the. inteiests of pail olhtiuls on) assume unduo niipoilance and pionnncnce j It too 1 iciniet of A it lona utiiuusly contemplates tho orgtnisation of the, thuities he has i git it tnsk befoiol lum and ono which will lequiro inútil I judgment nnd common sense If hospitals aro socialistic institutions to which anvono mn\ nppl) no lnnltei what his mean« then Mi lmtxii s tusk is not so dillicult Ho Ins simply to pros ult Um funds and tho hospital machino will do the rest liut if, on the other hind, tho new still pro vails, is wo believe it docs, thnt hospi tnls nie mnintninc 1, partly nt nil events, h) tho bonovolent foi the beucht of tho poor mid destitute, thon the dilhcultics in his wa) me vol) numerous indeed, sinco nu ínquii) piopeily conducted would undoubted!) show that in Mel bouino, nt ill clouts i consideiablo number of pci*ons mo allow oil to utiliso hospitals who tan well alloul tómalo thou own allongements outside of them It is, howevei, quite possible to instituto an iiiquny and lad to discover nny of thoso instances It depends until ely on tho spmt in winch that in qtiii) is cnteiod upon As Iii Rill in Elisen lins often pointed out, institutions founded with a delinito object sometimes produce un oNjioitod icsnlts, mid only those who luivo pia« tu til oxpononco of hospitals and hospital inniingeiuont can possibly loaliso what it vast gulf exists between tho soiitinicnt which lends and has ltd kindly ptoiilo to iniiko eHolts tomiccoui | tim unfoitunnto sick and tho npitit in | which wo now conduct those hugo I Li)stnllised institutions with then | aggtogiU. of lonllicting inteiests Ilia 1* and 0 to h limul niall kIiiiiiui l'unie, willi the rneJiHli iiiiiiIh lu lune Jil, annul al Albino at I otlocl tin I luna day afternoon bin. should leach Adelaide I on Jioiiilii», and the mills ma» be expected in Alillinmni on J ucsil ij ne\t 'Hie vu lil of giilel m \ ulm u r,, ii,a tpinitei ending lune 10 ii is JIM, 21)),/ 11," tpi Hitit) icteiiit! it Hie \l",t dur mg Hint peiiotl w is IS" lilli / ()" tin ilntt niciitionctl Hie Innis held 112,012o/- nilli nt Hie curl ol Hie pi ev ions quai ki Hici lind in linn poses sion QI Olfla/ I lie e\eiss of IS'1(1/ ntlilctl to the Mint id.nu mnili Hu titi) Ililli Bivi ii linne Hie » it]i| foi i|lc |, t lull of tin vrti «is 112 oVlo/ loi 1S13 Hie (otu! neill il m 7-111 IISlo/ so tint it i louiçll cilciilitinii Hie nun isc ft i H.e | , t si\ months collin ni (I iiitlitlipstinep n ' of lust v o n unlimited lo li 01 io/ ,» 1ml, IS ne, n did UK most svtisf ntoii, ""1 ,,H|, tites Hip iilililiiniil iittiiilion mm 1, T,~ l,i\\(ii to gilli lniiiing m "\ ic t munni; Kristins estimule (lit »nil "f Kulti 111 the » 11 Ullis til li ids foi the 1. ilf it ii just eiuleil is fulbvvs - \iu,| 12 U% llillniit 7-701(1/ lltiilm rta, 17-1 Io/ ( iisllciiinmi 2S,l!lo/, tons linil 4) L'Un/ .luiiboiniiji "OHO/, HiiuliRo 01 1140/ As lonipuetl mtli Hi« loiusptiuilue. jieiinl of 1S01 Hie »itlil hr Hie liiiidii.ii tlisttict lins Ililli li» 2.'1D7o7 mil Tipps!uni In 10(il7o/ I lie i.tW ,n' Hie Ililli tliHtntt dm mi; the lust lulf "| IK')! »tis .Illili/ is vnniKt !') L>(b. f>. Hie dist si\ months of tin eui i cut nu so Hint 11k pi mint t ion ol (.old ni Hi ii put of Hu lolon» lins licen mole th ni iloulile | m Hie tinco veins Ihe ilecthwnilli \\\ i| h ilh, mid Wooil h l'oint, und l'oliii,,, and Pitliild diHtiii's ill .lion (.(nul n, denses Jim mu the ipi uti t just el "id dividends ¡iinoiintiiiK to d21 111 «ne iles clued, btinn an inciense ol 120 Sid on ilio loiio-niiiidiiit; .mulei of hint vent I li- llie lulf i em lho di» ninnis t .1 i)tt 1 U.S2ÍI ni 111,050 nioie Hun tho t i ml in Hie Ins! hilf of 1SII1, Iii ndl.,.. lunn» clucllv icsponsiblc foi this subsluiiti il in ClellKC Tn list night's "(.ov eminent d'elle" nnphcition. ne invited liv the Puliln. s< r vice Horn ii fiom those m Hie fin» pi nunn. I emploi nient foi the position of lil i nun of the Public L-iliiiir» It in Rtili I lint the tiniMinuni wilaiv uttaclictl to the ullin. is -EOlO pci annum Jil -il'l-cnn VILA, vesleulii m foi mid the Prenne] Hint tin tin pim winch m bein,? fett mid foi the election of ii licet Minni it finn» nt 'Muffin lind disposed of 'ulm st ill Hu shines, theil bel nil ovci 21,000 lil in up 'I his will Liititle the1 wilipili! lo ltiine mulei the net passed I ist hcusiou ni ml vnnce fiom tin Itovuniiunt of ii nfc 141,000, which, ntlded to the C21 Ki I Ihe ion.pam lum in limul, will be uhuil lilli ciciit to puv foi the election of Ihi I it teni and the limclinieiv It innv tliiiefon h. t ikon foi (¡ranted that the littildii.,, of the fuctoiv will lie imdeitaken foiHitntli «o Hull |t inn) bt completed lu the nil of Apiil oi Jlav when the nc\t emp will he (rtllieictl Ihe fuel tluil the cn el nu if the lclineiv is mm nsnincd will, ii i d ulit, induce the fut mers mlhclol lilli tos m I ir... iticiiH with licot din mu Hu ne\l ft it v ee's, so tint time will be Millinuit uni i ni diited to keep the null (.oin,, fit in \\!iy until low mils the end of 1807 Mcssis Hoheit llupei und Cn line »inttcn lo the "Wuustci of Viticulture hi iltin; tluil thev hive cut led u null it thin woiliunl Tot t Mi limul ni foi e .tuet, mi; cul flinn linseed mid othci plants In oin issue of Aiondni a cubit aits ice w is published fiom oin Loudon t nu n u>iit Htnluij! that Ali I \1 -sim!m Ilia lepiCHLiilitnc in l> i tit l.n.iiui of Hu \nri cultural (Icpiiiltncnl, hail viniktl st ti ni t, und found Hi it mum "f the hist lum in (.ui.erow, rdllilmr.il, l'miikc, nuil Mir ticen wire niiMtnis lo open up ii tlmi t ti le in pi inline with \ letotm, nuil Hi ii li i Lui. lui.1 of sim leis h id agtiitl to t\tiiul ita bu »ice to tikissow pio\ idi ii it is nui n Iced ii iiiimiiiiiiu nu .io of K10 lons if n m piodiiee inch tup 'I hi Minaki ii \eii lill, mp li is staled that lie t ml 1 ii t «ive anv such Rinnintce bul lu intinliil I'll» mp an nilen ii* «it,h tin upi m nu live of tin t.ulf lim hen it ii lin. n nioveiiiint IiptiR mule unions slupi is to send piodttci lil itituin of ils stt nuns ta (.hugo»» YcUeidnv the» president ml Miittirv ot lue Jhmtei -iuiiicih' Assni i ilion vv uln! on tilt» Jlintslet of Agiiciiltiiii ul ihm. that the» expciinc- of quin 11111111111; In,I, un poi teil fttiiii (jiicensliiiicl sliiuil«! h« Um na bv Hie» Oovci unit ni, Htnee tin ipi 11 intinni was being mulei taken iii the minni if the whole» colon! Alt '1 iviinu nul um j tlial it wai, null piopoflcd l¡i pim tims» huies in iiiiatiiulint» tontciunu. vi Im li llicte might li' (.oint ilutihl as to th 11 ine ilom fiom t ck« 01 titi, ett^s \t th sum» tune» he» poitileJ out-tint if 1 vi Hu,I Minali pun nu bonni nu its ami ii lui i lie agents of (he tulip lind lo piv tin ululo of the» cxpcii-c« iii.uir.fi in i[uu mt tuny, and when ilotia iii lue Hinch win ipi nun tmed on then nupoilntiiiii Hu u.«i In,I to ha boine bj Hie» ou nein of tin inimiN L'ndoi those cncininlantos lu» 1 nil nut lioltl nut lilli hope nf Iii«'(itiu 1 um, ni li h mir the cxpdn.es incuiicil iii ipi 11 iiitiuiut; huies ftoin QutciiHlintl polls Dm mc; the piocepilinirs it tin» 1' -I 1! e inntniv vcnloiiltiv Mi Alawull wl 1 ip ni.11 eil foi Hie» depiitininl ul 11 vi 1 li it i\lt Kemi ¡slatct, cine of (hi wita« ^«»n the» pi ev luna tlnv, lind leeiintl n 1 Hiiiniiiii. c ilion ft oin Ali Arm killin ipqw (in. lum lo. fulfil eel linn 01 iloiu multi 1 puv in reohti.tcl, anti minimini.; tint null" lu iii I hu the» online would lie» cunnii out 1' lui expense A(i M ixivell pul it (li ittli pit innis t nutt ait lind Inpsctl bv a ( ictt iii , mont between the putties ami (li 1 tlio attempt to lev ive it was an iel if 1 tlv apile ' on Hu» pint of the dip 111 mutt ml was due to the fad that .Mt Mihi lui (liten evidence icllcptini' on tin tliimt nient Aflci tliictissuiir the maid 1 min vite, the» «Illinium of Hu lim I (Mr ¡ihutei) o1im.ii eel that tilt» ho ml mull oiilv deni with the point if it iv h 11 fund to tliciu bv the» l'ostitiaKti»i («mci ii in 1 on Jil Mm k11 lntiuinliut! Hail lu vvnull 111 vite» tin» I'lmtniastei (ïcnciul lu submit d10 nnltpi to tin? ho ntl the fin tim th-t 1 -.1111 of the alleitetl iiiliuutlation wan po-tp nail, anil the lum 1 c1 pioccedci! tu t iki ti» iv> dune of instiiiincnt liltcm iii, to tin -tores uíitl m the phops "It M'ems to me thal we mc ntl in» lo milkt» this Hie most hateil poll iii ill \u tullin" 'I hat iv as Ali Mixaiulci \\\ ii- nu view of a ii'solulion lumiidit hofoii Hu» A! rinc Bonni itstcitlav iitpiuin,: ptl ii it.«! foi even fin cien 1 ism! entena,. 1 il lu Svtlnev, it waa pointed mil, tia p ilu lilli)) .ti d ivis to cn« oin attt foi «ipi vi- la to I null» lite mattet was lulil met (ir fin (hi 1 iriisiilnatiiii) \ Minimini mi ii ir ihsiip v is nn- iil in 11 ptnttst fnini I i-uiin t iiitiiiisl tin Alamil limul in Ihn iii'iiiv iiiIokuIh' then lo id lim nuul ita as 111 I fill tin til HW Util Usslls ja (lils lit», liovitv'it, ii was pointe ti out that Ilu 'on! li»»» it'i liliont hail linn adnu iii I al 1 shipping confitente In itpie-enlulu«i nf liiMiiaiiin nlllioui'li llinl eoloav li ul I'mi i-' ivv lo Intuí; tin 111 into foin Initiai, tliil iii tin tvint of 'I asiiiniiian kit nat n 1 ii.ilin ' 1 111 lund Un v would In 1 t) loiuplv willi tin neill liions vvliittvn lord iiistiuii um lil lu uni (hat lo 1 m nipt I m lunn ni m-'.tis vi nulli lie an unían lu nil , i|i on thin iiiiiIh iii Hu inteiioloaiil duli On Ihesi gummis Hie itqiit-t vin i.l i-n! \t a nu« (mi' of Hu» Life» \siiii mro l'oii.l tistinliv al vvliith Mi Ulundi., M 1. \ pie -tell«! Mi lohn Nie hulls (lu; went en «if (lu Mutual Iii m lit ^ ne tv nf \tistiulisii Kiilimitliil 11 Unt-lhi VMitlnt eloiiimiiit in nplv lo Ilu» ilniLis vilmll line htin nindi it,auisl III« sku'v ini|iiii lum M (In oui-, I lu 1,nnplnm.,1 lint ho bul no1 linn In titi! finlv m isiniit li is null pt 1 i-iiiis who win 1»tiiuliit lil mlicit.0 mil intiii,oiiiHtii umhin lind linn 11 uimiitil ntul all tin tv lil, 11,, ttiviii liv II11111 w is pitiminí«! II hill linn mu I tint Hie fiundlv mu it 111 hid nul I d 1 a up iff It-sill UKI llllsllKsS hil IHM Hull In unlit' ollie 1 till to Milli 1 limisl bul tin Hil n is,,,, Ali \u bolls a tittil ivis tint lo .lo snail tin lu mt lu s would bivi m li- lt muni 1.mil linn bv hws iiioiishiiiliil Hu deposit of LI (lilli 11 i|iiin ii bv I m nu nu nt lo la Indeed 1» bf. as-ill um - ,it» tits hi usstitid, sunpli I dlid (lu pipnlnr p.nile of unit ititi bli iu-siii mu li , "r-< as bad bun illtplv pnned bv ¡lu til li an. imlv pinpi u (an uduc s «mild lind tlio ni 1 issu\ mihi 'Mu» ni 111 ians of lib n Hiniimi Mnulits who li id bun 1 \ ininti 1, nu Imbil. Ah \\\ 1! luti if ti» ,\f Imbin Mutual i'lovidiut -mu 11 tv .1 Mi Phillips, ol the I ipiitnlile Sitalv ii Ne» A ink wtie no1 toiiipeliiit to 1 \|)lain li» m mc iiiIih "f indus! uni assiiiaiiii Mi Nicholl« i.ioieiditl lo nlltki fais, v ¡ml milln in' titift 0111 w (ni-s and nindi ni u" alite liions a-mist ollie... Afin In iinilini! of (Ins dot nine nt Hu bind ml join neil lo 1 iidav iu\t 'Iho tliHiiHtiona wini of Hu ¡»i- Mu' "li fapt Se lunn It on Hu -Mil of Di ti ad« 1 .IMI1 has lui lo a itontl dial of hill..".'"» alitailv andHuowuiisofthivi-stl Ila! dint, hu ki 1 and (mnpaiiv bimilul nu now malle» ill le mliilita in aiiiilliii iiiln'H fj" iliimiiKis vvliiib was 1 «minn 11c 1 ii 1» ". toiuiiv foin I bifoit .ludiii (linndiv 11 u uni ol foal iistiidav lh« |ilaiiilill "' Ibis nislinu 1« Holm I huitín- «lin w ' .mplovulas.onk ni. Hu u su I «hil mt! » liital loiaiji and who iii» Hit wile »in ' vin lb 1 lunns Lilli» dnmiiitcs lunn tin " feitdanlM on I he (¡lound thal tluv m at MHHll III Mil III a totllllv tUIHtllllllll iv «?» tlitiou, ill eoiiKiiiuciiie- of wliuli » » foinidnetl, that lit» waa Ihticbv ....¡ii ? in Hu» walei loi H hollis, Hallend kihi} nunn lu Ina health, lind bein ?.;."}' unlit to follow his occupation, and Hint 110 inouï red expense for medium and medic ii conduit», und Kiistnincd loss thioiigh his ilutluni,, jeivclleij, i.c , having M'tic down »nth the vessel Hie ¡iction is bl ought multi section K13 of tlieM irme _et J he de fence is no nefelic,ciicc,uiid th it even if see lion 101 of Hie Mamie Acldois ipplv,which tlic defendants do not iiilmit time w is no fmluic to talc lc- isonublc pieiiiutioiis foi tin sein 01 Hil ness of Hie ship Ali I lis vvoith nppiaid foi Hie plaintiff, and Ali ] Coldli mi lind Mi bcluitl uislnictid In | Jil (, Slew nit foi tin dcfintl nits I hi | plunlitr w is in tin witi.iss bo\ the f,icllci put of the tin mid had not ei minded Ins evidence when the Comt lose till Alon u iv ne\t IlisIIonoiu Mi Justice Hodges Ins bein cne,|i_od din nu; tin Licalci put if the list two tlnjs in helling nu ni lion bioi(gilt b> Ceorgc ( nu ¡is ussiince of the insolvmt estile of ] ilwiud Wills ol W ti ¡ililli, liniiei, ngimsL Alni» A\ ills Hu wife of the insolvent J he plunlill s ii um w is foi a (led mitton tint he was entitle 1 lo cet linn ptopeitv consisting clued» of hind the title of which w is in tin villes n line but which it was illcged liclonied (i (lie husband .\ ills vv is loruieilv in p ii Inn ship With oin ]lound is ingincpis it Aajravillc Pnrlnciship disputes hivini, nt ibcn Wills einplovcd Mcssis I li own uni M Culloch lo net as Ins sohcilois tu Hie mattet A lull of costs was in ISO 1 di lncred foi .8,1 In ISO i this sum mt hiving been pud a Count» Omi I summons vins issued foi the amount n"unst Wills vi ho entered the defence of not uidcbttil Tlefoii judgment vins obi unod on Ibis sum mons the defend mt Mihmlniilv seques trilled his estate putting dow n as is et i in Ins schedule the sum of Is mil illegmg the onlj creditois to be Akssis lîiown uni M Culloch uni his wife Ihe pltmtill rum, hnvmg been nppointctl nssigme t f the estate bl ought Hu picseut action it benn, alleged Hut Vi ills hid foi »pius been iiiuv nig on ttpcculitivc ti um ulmus, mid whit ever inopeilv he nce.tmcd w is li insfniid into Ins wife s linun On (lie otlni hind, the defendant asscited Hint she hud ni vnnccd lo hirshusbimd it v mons tunis stuns whub amounted to 1400 which came to hot from lui fiilhci s estate It was id nutted that she had no scpui itc estate at tin time of hoi m ningi Aftci helling unième and ligaments In' counsel Ins j Imintji found m tivoiii of the nlainlift, gi anting him the dcclai ilion sought with uists Alt I. S W'oolf and Mi Wugill, insliiickil bj Messis Blown and M Cul loch appealed foi the nlnmlili. and Ali JI fe ( ole foi the defendant Tn the liiholvcnej Comt j estonia., Judge Molesworth dehveicd leseivedjudgiuenloii n motion li. the titistee in the catate of Ifoong Vam, cabinet makei s niaiiagci to set nsitlc an oulci of the Court of the 10th of lime last dclci mining that ceitnm pi o pith sei/td in the insolvent estnte be lonied to khnn Along Jud¡_c Alolcsworlh sud tin motion to set asidi tin oielct of Hu lflth of lune was made on Hil ground tint fuilhei evidence bud bein discoveml vlnch shoivid thal the oidir lins eiinncous lind conti ni j to tin evidence., ml wns obtained In fraud What in .liietiietl the Comt clued., in making tint nuki was eel tain documentai» evidence One of the piiucipnl gi cunda of Hu motion to sit aside the oiiln was an aflulavit bv Ali On -which shoitl. stated, mi mt that one of the dom incuts lefenid to, vi/, an iigieemciit in Chinese »nils- not a genuine document dited March 31, 180+ but a inanufactuied document fraudulent!, prepmed afin the sei/mc of the goods, and not picpucd and w nilen, na it pin polled to be, on the list of Alni eli, 1804 lins affidavit was contn dieted bv scvci ii vntnessps, and it was sud that All On was to be piosecuted foi Jin jail Ile did not think the oidei of the Com I should lie distill lied I he motion vus theicfoie itfus.il with c4 4s costs Mr lltiffv and Mi Woolf anne ned tot the tiitstec, mid Ali Iv ino foi kimi Alcng und the insolvent Unconditional ccrlilicatcs of dischaigel from then debts weie granted b> Judge Alolcswoith in the JiisoIvcikv Court les teidnv to JMwaid Jaques lind Wallace Jupies, of Richmond, engmceis, lidding as Jinnies Hios (ccitifítntc to ticltl, on the motion of Mi Kituffninn. llemv jim kin, orJIooni'p Ponds out of business, on the motion of Mi 'thompson, John Peidmnnd Píeil of Wnulsoi, gtoioi, on the motion of Mi Kelli, AVilham Janies Dunstan, of Preston, dialir, on the motion of Mi Revnolds, 'i honnis Climie- W ii linns, of Moonee Ponds, puulci, i_c , -lemv Stone, of Oiklcigh, cuttle dealci h malinger, on the motion of Mi R C T Moignu, Robert Wothcispoon Pishti, of Melbourne, eleik, on the motton of Ali Robertson 'J liornas Pnltm 1 ishii, of Alel bourne, salesman, on tin motion of Mi Robertson, ruines William Stoic», of Aloituiud, busmiss miungci. on Hie Hint inn of Ml -simpson. Simiicl Powell, of Collingwood boot manuf iitmii on the million of Ali Hicl ford, John C1 itk Mini, of Vii,en.lunn, indu iv einplovc, on the moilun of Mi Kcip, Anibew J ni, of Mel linaine, merchant, on the motion of Alt Woolf A ceilihcnle wan also glinted to Ilnirv lirook, of llawlhoin gentlein- in, on Hie motion of Mi Umbum, the insnl vint having paul 20s m tho C1 The cs t ite of Peicv Peppin Cook, of 1 ast Mel bonnie, clcik, wns ulcnsed fiom "etpics ti ltinn, on the motion of Mi Hall \ftei the ordinal» business of the Mci limn no Trunwavs 'Jittst meeting vesícula» ?ifleiiinon had been disposed of, the chun linn (Aldcininn Arness) and Connel Moi Milks clinic into conflict 'Hie eli lum in intntioncd Hint he lind at the pi cv ion« meeting snid Hint the municipalities lind i educed then saint tes and Cnnncillni Mails lind taken exception to this mcliid nil! Melbourne, windi ho (Aldi nunn Arness) lonsiderpd come»ed a lelleetion upon himself Ile gnve Cottncilloi Minks an opportunity to apologise Coniipilloi Mails declined lo do so, asserting and le lttriting that he lind moved in the Ali] boin ne Otj Council that the silattes be reduced, and it had not bccn_caiticd out, further, thal he had since ti fed to att un thal end again and again walli the s hup effect It was pointed out tint in lsU. (pi cv ions to Councilloi Muls's coming to the council table) salimos of fiom 1200 to -SOO and over lind been sulijctkil In iii dtietiotis, which had bein tontiiiuCil Conn Pillor Minks, howcvei udhciul to his ton tuition that his motions foi ledinlions lnil not been given ellet t to ami milkia wire thus at a dtidloek, Milcimin \nitss pei-Mirling in his desne foi an ipologv, Collin illoi Mntks i em iimug linn \ftei some few rellim Ka lu olhn merni» i-t f lho trust, the meeting btolc up, the m tiki i cumming open The oseccdmglv uitpiisting mid rnpliie articles appen nig in ' Ihe \igus" ivtiv rsnturdnv itntlct the hculing " Jlieds that Won the J'mpui ' (»inks lho ' kilnimu 3 ree Pi ess") have nddnl a new pnpnhuilv (o Hint joitniul In tomitdioii with Hu "deetls " Mi las 1 'Itilnnt li is shown us a valuable icln a kliseopi w hit ii his .,1 and nude, Colonel Millhill ( II «nineil through n mimbil if wns (nlniul Mil chill belonged to the !)2iitl Ilif lilandpis, and cngrived (it Hit tilt tope nip Hie iininis of the following Intllps tlnottgli whit Ii be pissed -1\\*inoiit, Op/ip Mnniloi i lint ( luinnit, -Aïeules, d Onoi Minni i A'ltloin, Pviinii« \ivt (lithe- Piinnsuli W ntt'i 100 Ali 'I nillup Ins iilsn (wo mt dals handed down to bim In tins funoiis »mi lim, one of Hu Oui. i ni M \"n ol liussi,, and nuntin i nu d ii nimmt nun ii mr Hu li li tip of Wutul ii ( limit! Alidhillwus woiuidtd Hun linns, mil du 1 in 1ST N lim all», Ali 'I olinie is vt n proud ol stn li hmtoi ipiiI icln s , It will bo leinipil with sitis-ridum (hil on and aftei A.nnd u m \t Hit pim of XeucilRlIc (oal will lu minmi li willmi 3« a ton ol Hu i id lu f m (lu mint fitlike Pull wnil Ins uni Inn iisnm 1 al the pits, bul the t iitiiinst nu is pi tifi Hip importers in nt onet iidiiiin.; Hu pim 1» 4s Od per ton We nie letptp ted to iniiotinii tin1 the iropoMil nulli h of tin Pi ittsl mt \\] limul mid Oían i Lu 1m s ni 1 ni i iv to mot tow has bleu tlt'initth tilim dont d \l Hip ntl linn iipil silling if Hip l!e\ -i n Cunt foi the Undid n division ii Hu Smith 1 iskin Purnim lull vi duli munni* Hu \usti ii. nu \iitit nil I nu ' is ltpiistnlnl li Ali II Dm ill \ Miinliu t ist lo Uni ilttiilid minti! I AI htm eiiup bif it (lu ( mut eil I n I» nit' tal ni In (lu u <i ti n ti li in daii ni of Hu Ullin of Ah rilli uni upni Hu Mipplun ulm v li I Mi n! in d m is in pin inn i i is i s eniil 1 Hie f omi ni 11 e i loLiiisni Hu pi lui (if Ali I,,».., s elm und du elm Hu! Ins lniiit lie iilninnl upon Hu »itus list ,, Hie Riulvwiv di utimnl li is it id 1 Hu follow mc kulin Muiurirlm uni I Mipilv of K10 injin muí I mit! htil.ii I J mil mils Inimiliv < unpin! I '.' r 101 Mipphis or lu mu 1SII 1, n li (. 1? Vul nt ll!s i i h lill) Si W Ubi is Wa Id 10 lî Alun iv 17-1 io \ and I) 'I nu ni 17s do Hil loni' 10 ( I! I ?Mil 7s, fiO A mid 11 (It ii on 7s | It mis aniioiinttil al tin li il s bull I Cunnii! nulling hut (»pinn' tluil Mi II I \ I lui iv omi lb itpu mini »i of Hu i 'i mu ii ut Hu- Wini ni' Alni, (nil n bul i>siiuu.1 Ihnl "Uni us h hid mi li Wistein .nuti J,,, Ali I null » (In niisi I 'lint of Hit to mi ii, was dieted lu (ill Hie mu ann' Professor Harper delivered a lecture at the Assembly-hall last evening on "The Renaissance," dealing with the influence of the Renaissance in the philosophy, theology, and social economy of philosophy times, and the present day reaction against it The professor took the view that the Renaissance was not the revival of learn- ing so much as the re-birth of indi vidluaism in thought and life The in dividualistic view which found a place in Greek-life, and also in Christianity, was thrown back by the influx of barbarians, who introduced the tribal idea, which sub ordinited the individual to the com munity It was the influence of the Renaissance which was responsible for breaking up the theories of ecclesiasticism, feudalism, and empire which grew out of the anti- individualistic tendencies of the middle ages. This leaning towards indi- vidualism appeared first in Italy and found its reflection in the remarkable develop- ment in art and literature which took place in that continent. The teachings of history showed that the trend of events always led to an amalgamation of opposing schools of thought ; and the socialism of the present day was a reaction against the extreme in- dividialism which characterised the 18th century The lecture was one of a series given in connection with the University ex- tension movement, and will be followed by others dealing with the same subject One of the oldest honman magisltales silling m the (Jill Police Com I, Ali K. Ltiuashiip, who lins been .iiv.iv on a visit lo Kiuopp, ic'sumctl In« seat on the Deneli vesteulav A\ ben the Comt opened, ¡Mr. .1. J'"ishn mid All. Katie, lepicscnling the legal piofe sion, congi.tttil.ited Air. l-iii i.isliue on his leippeiianee, and ¡Vii. J. I'ennof.ithei, on bell ill of the oflicors of the Coint, ilid Hu» same, Sub-inspeelor hhiiipc-, foi the» police, joined m Hie con gt alul liions The nunn ti meeting of the A'ietoria Aiixibaues Union and of the ¡Melbourne Auxilian- of the Mulish and l<*otc»ign Jitble Sneietv will be held at the Athcnicuiu on Tlnustlav next His Excellency the Go vcinoi (for nianv veais a vice picsidont of the pnent Miciety) will occupy the chah-, the other spc.tl.eis being the Bishop of .Melbom ne, lievs. Piofessor l.entoul, Jleniv llovvaid (of Ballarat), ... I.owis (fioin llellav, India), and Mr. Ailinn» Nichols. The Pi abran Choral Society of hoventy voices will supply the musical items. ¡Millie. Dreyfus will commence n fresh senes of hei jeetiues upon Flench lilern tme nt the Atheniiiuin on Monday, August 17\. They will be continued on the follow- ing Mondays. 'the nnniinl meeting of the Charily Organisation Society will be held in the Town-hull on Monday afternoon. AVe have leceivctl fiom Messrs. Piop Hting and Cockhend, of ] tobin t, thiougb Messrs. G. Kobertson and Co., " The Hanki uplcv Act 1870 und Huies," n volume issued in JTohnil. The author, Mr. A. Wdberfotee Miller, has collated the various rules under the appi »prinlo sec- tions of the net', and hits furnished a good index, lie bus not attempted to supply iinji- local decisions on the lmiiUruptcy law, but the woik, bo far as it goes, will 'no doubt piole useful to the piofcssion in Tasmania, as well as lo A'ictoi ians who may have commercial transactions with the island colony."** - Mr. AV. T/ Stead is doing good work ns a nopiilar educator bv the publication of his " Masleipiece Librniy," which cmftiRls of condensed versions of famous books pub- lished at cxtraoidtnanly low prices. As specimens we have before .un a selection of the songs nnil poems of 'Robcit Hum«; .' Tito Queen's Diiiinnnris," bv Alexander Dumas; " Uncle Tom's Cabin," bv Han iel Beecher Stowe; and " Nmsery Blivnies," profusely illustrated. These little books aie published in Melbourne at the " Be viovv of llci ¡civs " office. The " Mildura in Melbourne " manage- ment have piovuled an ample l.iogmmme for to-tlav, the last day of the fair, at the Town-hall. Tn the morning all the stale school childi on hnve been invited toattend, when the exhibits will be explained to them, and a snmplp of Mildura fruit pre- sented lo each child. The Bnvnii/tn band will perform in the afternoon, mid in the evening an entirely new conceit pio giillunie' will be provided. Tt having been found impossible lo scenic the hall after Monday, an auction sale of exhibits has been in ranged foi 11 o'clock on that day. Irom Mrs Thomns Kenuielt wo hive renclieel Hu Hint! of ni\ tint! u Ililli .rúnicas bring tile l suit el Hu Doll Vrt luilon ui-piiilsiil In lnr I (liiliti um) tlrnwn .'esterdn. Hit tot-il nniotllit subscribed »tis tin guineas of which £1 Is uns disbursed in expenses anil tin iimnlndcr is de sintl te> le nllottctl us lolloiis -To the I.tltti Slilen nf Hie Pour CI Is Children's lio.nll ii C1 Is Miss Sutlicrlmd s Hume fir I) stltuli Oliil dun Ills Hu Poor I Islleiinun Port Melbourne (nlrontli ilislniiMil) ti Is Hu DMrissoil Vctors lund ii Is tlnllilnp: lind titiulri» !. to vnriotls t.nor pln>crs (nlrendv dislnirst-tl) A.1 11s "' II ¡nil 1st lum Ills (si 1 or Hie Cl.urel. ol Pur-lnnd Seamen's Mission »le lime reetiicil 10s Irom ' (".olg-mlio ' V ii-nut in the dite of Hit nc\t Unlvor-ïl. ostensión lecture on 1 lie Oolilen Ige of 1 gipthtn lllstnri ' lins ! opoino nec.--.iirt owing to tin iilinle of Hie 1'rilinin Toiin Indi being ineragcil lor iiitotlier purpose on Vugust t Tile Itt ture' will tlurofore, be gl»on on uc\t Tuesdiii oicnlng lilly 28 lliposllors. in Hie Commissioners' S..»|ngs It ink uri lomlutlt-tl Hint Hu nuditor s unniiiil in spi etina nf p n« lmolül Vi 111 tnl i pint nt Hu lol lou inn* linuiiiios on tito ilijn nnnid-Carlton Mond»! lind ruedn» South Melbourne Vieillies din nuil lluu-ïilit l'rulirui lilelij luvt um! ulso Hu titi lind 4th pros U Clirlht ( hurt li, South V nrr t lo morrón Hie Bishop ol Vltiliourno »till prtileil ill t'lo llleming Hie He» I SiHtin lliirhos In the afternoe n and Guion Pottti in the Lionlni \ " plusniit Sundín iittirnnon ' will lit hold In Hie I own I »II 1 lt/m} to munni» nt nnirtir to 1 o clot 1, under the "inputs ol Hie 1 Itrro» WV All utldrcts- »till he elell»trtl I j Mr A C Um»mini subjitl ' Shndotis of n liront Cit., ' omi n muslo il ptoirammo will be pcrlonnod In connection with tho fortluonilng Sundín school 1 -illiitlon Hie first lentrll rtitonritli of Hie district timbs pi-nclisfiig Hit ctntittii " l)i> mid Night ' »lill ho Ililli In Hie Collins strict Baptist Church on ruesdu» ciinlng Vlr lohn M Tough niitnngor ol I enton*» oin porituu »nts cntcrtafnctl at a dinner lust night bv 10 t lupin, es mid Hu proprietor tit Utililn a Cult lloiulic streit to wish linn huick-h hi Hu eve of lils letving lor S.dne» Mr Vrtlutr linton on I -Ililli tit Hu finn mid cn.lunts piis,ntld Mr IMiuli ultli n gold albert und loólo, t (mimbil in Altinlion is desiied lo be dlroetul to nu iilicr liseuitnt uliuntlllelng Hie tu eliiug of tiieielc stiililis nt KUI (.mm street, bi Mr M Slumi i V tlunch i-naili fn nolls!« nil! lull pim nt M Itlille | nrk In morrón iilteruoon nt 4 ti'i lock Chilis »lill meei ni Hit V litorlu niiiitii nt hull pist 1 mid proem! ulong Ilcnonsllild jnr-idt lost Vnselin s (lmrill oí 1 ngillin! I insri Ige street, »ibero Hu I M 1it,'iurt 1 »tim »lill ollltinU VU c|ubs Chinch to luorniii nlteriioon Iroin hilf pist 1 to half I ist 4 li» Mr \\\ I Nott when Hu .nlloniii. muni era »lill be pirforiuid-Sonnt! N i G II niljor (Minililssolui) nnd.nte C mljor (Simrt) lu l'nrullrimi (Dillois), Noel I' minor .mil muni) lind man li on ii theme of I lundi 1 (Cull munt) Vro-il bolos »lill bo mulei ed lil Miss Vlnieje Stilling Hit luitoiliili Vrlists* Soldi nnnoinict t " Vrllsts lliueo" tit Hie (lalluits lor 1 rliln 'ugnM 7 A lull is In be given bl Hie nilult pupils or VI , Criinii p»cuing clai,s at St Midi roun lull ti tho «Hi lust, Hie Meium i 1 dlni runs to ( ellong Pirt tiling ton mid liilhuiiii kui iii ils mi sundi» li nine' (.tieins VVlurf tit 11 mi ritilrnlng iib m Tti in ' ""'"'" ""'""'" .' de riit following neu pnlillititlons hive re-tehee us-Irom Missnt Melillli Mullel! und S| ni, Hie Clillse o! Hu Vnllilelli to tilt s0"lh p"lii 111,1011«' In II I* Hull, with ¡lins iitions (I 1 wind Vrnild london) lum 1 lediriil Hinno uni fo Inndolt ? lite I'm tit ii Works nf lohn Millón tilth liltrodili tori Mimili Nolis, 111!, Hill nilli iV.t and ' Suliil oiwiriiiniift A Scriu it I suis mi Pmclii i! I ti lmtti " 11 ' Vu luit ' I rum Hu nilli ir ' Old Mell oin ni Memories' lit 1! It II ldr ininti eu mil ttlllion miaul (Mu n III in s l. I,mini llluiri) I run I lilliginni! WiKn I ulm Hie Dlsliiihmci in Hu Stn d ni it V tluc 1» Itnlerl lltitln su nul eii ti ti linn ( ii mil Hird I omlon Iles ni I Inn li lit ii ill I u I uni I ion Stllluell ill . ( Mi II mu ni ' II liitirtclmiitl Mt die ii I ini ii I Vu li ih-.li lu lull I ruin ti I i in ni ni V tu I (inn fi Nui S nth Wale Hu I i i n Vu-.li illnn Wnilli r li the II n Ititi h VI in ml» tils, Iii s of Am ti lim Ui illi i It Ililli! V limit 'IO D.\ VS ARRANGEMENTS 'lil Ima I ihm I m, lunn hal!, di» nut! i vi um. Itmd ml lliilth .shun 1 vlubitum build in, lilli'in i n null lil Spin1 nig li\luus set Spoi ting Cn lulim VjlttlOtl S,(ts S, \|k1, ,((, , ,_t _ si \n\\. _ I iii (.lundi Sennes e,e si i p mi I 