V.R.G. 'iiMlfAL, Cup and Derby Preparations.. This Morning's {Jallops. Dreamland in Splendid Form. Lieutenant's Fine Gallop. .. A Oood Tfforning's WorK. Hopscotch Goes Welli (By Telegraph from 'Martindaie.'} MELBOURNE, Tuesday.— Nothing better in the way of weather could have been wished, for -than .that experienced by visitors to Flemington . this morning. The mosquitoes were in evidence, but ihe course and surroundings looked very pleasant, though the manager told me the winter, had been a little too wet for his liking. Down before the work opened, the tracks, especially the 'sand,- look ed a picture, being' nicely damp from the^effects of ? the artificial watering the jprevious evening. If a horse could not gallop on it he could not gallop anywhere. The first to disarrange, it was my especial Cup, fancy, Broken /BQU; but* he left it for the tan, and there, assisted by Eleusinian, registered- two miles in very taking style. The first round, which is exactly a mile, was cov ered- in lmia 55sec, with the horse going -w-ell. A mile And a haM was put behind in 2mln W^sec., the' mile'' and three-quarters, in amin JliSsec, and the 'two miles in 3jnin 46%sec. It. was o. -very ?nice gallop, and done well enough in these .times «f^ moderate horses -to please anyone., : The next; to' appear was the more sensational Dreamland, who looks to ithe eye splendid, and his subse quent ^performance proved that he is coming back to -form. His companion was the A: J.C. Derby winner; Charge, who -ihad the inside position, -with. Mat Harris in the saddle. The tan was the con vincing ground, and both stretched -away for a real sound gallop. The first mile was completed in lanin ,521&sec;, with no perceptible difference 'between them, and fihe old hurdle horse Bischofl Joined in to ensure a solid a-ace. In the next fur long it could be seen that Harris was .unsettled, and jhs began to work at Charge to keep his ?place. The colt struggled gamely enough, 5-ut he was a length to the bad of Dreamland ;in less than another furlong, and continued 'to drop back, being five lengths in the rear at £he mile and a quarter,* run in 2min 20%sec. Bisclioff all ? this time /was making it very jnerry, and Dreamiland was after- 'him, leaving Charge at every stride, and passed the mile and a half in 2min 50%sec, while Charge was 2see in the rear and in great distress. Dreamland kept on, and came home'strong and well at the end of a sound twonmiles run in 3min 4€%sec. .This was a real good galop, as he was on the outside of the others all the way. The position held at the fin ish by Charge was anything but assuring to his followers, and he will have to do a lot better to have a'ghost of a chance in the Derby, as the morning's work will prove later on. Little Cin der Ellen, looking well, was rattled over half a . mile in company with Loch Isle; while the St. Albaus horses. Trentham, Resolute, and Cydnus. all looking well, cantered, and Lochuanita spurt ed. Hova looks well, but moved sorely, although he did strong work; while Mischief, after canter ing, wound up with a smartly run six furlongs. Thunder Queen spurted, and looks light,- on the sand -track; Coil and Le Var were put together for a strong run. once round, with Hayes up on Coil, who had the inside position. The first mile was covered in lmin 50sec, with Le Var in front. At the anile and a quarter,- in ' 2-min ^lSsec, lie Var was still leading, while Hayes was shaking iip the chestnut, and, despite a vigorous bit of w,ork on the part of Hayes, Le VaT appeared to be slightly in front as seen from a distance at the end of the once round, done in 2min 33%sec. Coil, judging by the brief look I had of him, appears an improved colt to wbaf he 'was in Sydney. First Reka and i-hen The Cap tain put in strong work on the tan for a mile after cantering. Lieutenant completed six furlongs in lmin 18sec, the gallop of 'the morning, so far as the distance was -concerned. Great attention was paid to the next pair^ Sabretache and ?Tire, wiia on the sand broke away at the mile ind'a hail post, with Tire o-n the inside. The first mile was done in lsnin 53%sec, once' round in 2-min SSsec. Sabretache -was laboring, while the rider on Tirei was simply waiting on tiie big brown horse, and could ihave beaten him by lengths at the winning post, the distance being done in 2mia 4S%sec. Sabretache did not do well at all, wiiile litHe Tire appeared to be in no sort of trouble at -any part of the journey, and to appearances could have gone jiear the record made tor the morning had it been, required of him. It was reported of. Tire that he had not done well since he came over, but. I have it on 'the best authority that not one grain, of feed ihas iie ever left. ? ' Erehwon. tod Paul Pry were. ' rattled along for six furlongs, and then came . ? T^ewhaven. with Rose Noble to carry him along for. the first part of the journey. Directly Hickenbotham's ; whistle sounded, the- Derby favorite broke away with a nice easy swing, and a glance at the chro nograph told how merry the pace was that Rose Noble was setting. The gallop was done, on the : sand, and the first once round was ' completed in 2min 30sec, with Cohort, who joined in bringing Newhaven along, and finishing really well, con sidering the pace all the way. Newhaven -passed the mile and a half post in 2min 44%sec, the last inile being run in lmin 51sec. Sweet Marie, Met ford, and Patrol were sent a fast five furlongs; while Bloodshot finished lengths in front of O'Trigger at the end of a mile and a half, run in 2min 44%sec. Pivot put in. a capital once round, doing the last mile in lmin 50sec. When finishing one of his bandages became loose, but fortunately no harm came of it. Destiny and Interlude put in a strong mile of work; and then came the re cord gallop of the morning, which was done by Hopscotch alone, with Hayes., in the saddle.; He ran on the sand the first mile in lmin 50sec, once round In 2min 29sec, mile and a half in 2min 43%sec, and the last mile in lmin 49sec, and finish ed strong and well. The Skipper, with Billy De laney up, was led by Lord Brassey in the first part of his work on the sand. The -first once round occupied 2min 33%sec. Cravat had then joined in, and The Skipper finished out a mile and three-quarters in 3min 54sec', all out. There were a host of others out working, but nothing of in terest was done. After breakfast the youngsters spurted up the straight , 