** If the signorino will take my advice, he will j not sleep in th;s " And uhy should I not deep in this room, Antonio <. " Tho fellow shrugged I.is shoulder*, Sor.ked about him mytt«iiously, tlun, comings step nearer, began in a Ion vi icti : " Because-" " What are yon chatting about, jou im btcilu? " the laidtonlN voice Im-kt: in, as at ti.is moment he appeared at the door. The servant dnw back, and though he held his tongue, the expression of his face did not change " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after his long journey," the landlord remarked to me. in the obsequious tone of his class ; then, tuniin^im patiently to the servant again, he continued, " And yon stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip krep our gueat from sleeping " " It is not I who will keep him from sli ep iug," muttered Antonio, as he proceeded to unfasten the straps of my portmanteau. " Bassta, enough !'. exclaimed his muster, angrily ; then to me, in quito a suave manner, " I" irsh you a good night's repose,'" adding insinuatingly. *' you will not have allowed your mind to be perturbed by this fellow's idle chatter?*" " Oh. no !" I answered shortly. I was cros-s and too sle>py to heod_ the uneasy manner of the landlord, or the timid, deprecating glances of tho servant. " Good night," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be alone. " Good night, and may your . reposo be tranquil !" saying which, mine host bowed himself out of the room. " Tour servant, sir I" and Antonio made an obeisance, then, passing close by me.'as he j hurried to the door, where his master awaited him with visible impatience he managed to > whisper, * Ste that the fire-board is fastened tight, and keep your candle horning. 1 am at the end of the hall 1" [ I was a bit staitled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to betray my sudden pertur I batten by demanding an explanation then and i there. At that time I was an aspiring young art student, and had come to pass a few weeks in Venice, where alone, of all the cities in Italy, does the wonderful colouring of the skies en i trance the paiuter's soul, and seem to defy his ! palette. 16 was not my Bret visit to the "Queen of the Adriatic," nor to this queer old inn. It I was a tumble down building, which centuries before had been a palace-as the dwellings of the | Italian nobility are called ; but the aces had I come and gone, »nd the last scion of the race which had foi'merly claimed this among Its 1 numerous resiliences hid long since passed ; away. Owing to the fact that it was situated [ on a: small canal at some distance from the grand canal, it escaped general notice. 1 To ascend to the apartments which at preient constituted the hostelry, one had to pass under the great arched doorway, through the empty space beyond to the stairs, which led up to the second floor. Here, s>m« of the palatial roams had been partitioned off into small apartments. On the occasion of my present visit tue house was fall, and thus one of the large rooms, : undisturbed by ninetenth century carpenter and mason, was assigned to me. It was bare and lofty ; its two windows, several feet from the the ground - reached by flights of three steps looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour tbey were haired by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped them, and gave a strange, almost weird aspect to the deep recesses above tbc little stone steps. Between the windows stood a marble console, over which hang an oblong mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On one siSe o! the room was the high, narrow bed, with canopy and curtains like those at the windows; and at its left was the priedieu; on tberight, the night table. Chairs were placed stiffly against the wall, around the room. At the farther end of this vast apartment,and facing the bed, was the huge fireplace. wMfe looked black and fathomless as a cavern, by*M dim light which the candle shed throughout the room. Over this hung a strip of faded damask, like the otber draperies in texture and design ; it partially concealed the fireboard, which had been removed from its accustomed place and placed on one aiuo. I stood for a moment listening to the retreat ing footsteps, with a curiously uneasy feeling creeping over me as presently they ceased and all was still. I took up the candle and pro < a <?i'd to make a close survey of the room. I tii d the various doors and windows, finding them all securely fastened; opened the cum bersome wardrobe, and-let me confess it actually looked under the bed. Finally, I stooped and gazed into the sombre depths ofthe ancient fireplace, and as I did so, my light flickered. I went back to the table, and, putting down the. candle, opened my portmanteau and began to take out the necessary articles. I debated a little whether or no to put out the light, a vague sense of uneasiness oppressing me which I was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, then-but I left it burning. I fell into an uneasy sleep, the result of fatigue and a late supper, perhaps. I was awakened suddenly by the sound of a heavy fall, followed by a death-like silence. I sat up in bed and looked round the room, wondering sleepily wby my candle was still burning, and was about to blow it oat. when Antonio's mys terious advice came back to me Again I fell asleep, for bow long I cannot say, when once more I was aroused by the noise of a dull thud, -ueli as tbe falling of a body would make. But this time, instead of utter silence-which before bad first startled me and then served to quiet my fears-a moan fell upon the air. I sprang from the bed, and, grasping the candlestick, in which the candle was fast burn ing in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, iC possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a more restful slumber. It seems to me, as I recall the happenings of that night, alter the lapse of many years that I could scarcely have closed my eyes when still again, 1 was awakened, this time by something rolling down the chimney then falling heavily upon the marble hearth. The candle flickered, and before I had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble flame and went out. At that instant the distant bells of San Marco-at least, I fancied 'twas they-chimed the hour of three ' The lavely summer dawn must be breaking the cloudless Venetian skies ; but the barred casements kept out even a possible ray of light. I felt round overthe cold marble top of "the little table at my bedside for the matches, aad just as I found one a deep groat fell upon my ear,and for a moment my hand trembled bo that I could not strike it. At length I had it lighted only to discover that the other candle was on tbe centre table. The little wax light was burning quickly in my band, and would barely last to get me across the room. I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved 'over to where the unlighted candle stood. The illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavenng but holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go oat, I walked over to the fire place, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet of it. My hand shook so that I could scarcely hold the ligbt, while it seemed to me that the loud beating of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could not get my breath there, as 1 fetched a long gasping sigh. I could feel the cold perspiration running down my bade. Just in front or the great chimney, with wide open eyes fastened upon me, lay a man's boad, severed from be body, and with tbc blood Sowing freshly from tbe neck. I pulled myself together, trying, as best I could, to take in the situation. Had a murder been committed then and there, and where was the body ? I stepped closer and closer, fascina ted by the horror of tbe great, staring eyes, which seemed to draw me on, when, suddenly,I found myself looking into empty space. The head bad disappeared ! I dropped <111 my trees, and still grasping the candlestick tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unknown but irresistible jiowr forcing me on until I was on the spot where, :i itioni' Jit before that ghastly nead had lain. 11< ared forward to peel into the chimney, moving my csiulli-little to throw a si ronjjor l:glit upou the opening, when:* £»»st extinguished l', asul i:» the «!::rlcii« s» which Fal lowed ihe sib lice w»s broken only by a suc cession-of low mrians, whi.-h craUi-ily died upon then air. "I'he caniilesticK fell lio»n my now II' rveless hand, Ml'! I could HIM i it rolling away beyocd my reach. I opened my mouth to call, but not a scmud issm d fr-nt my parehrd throat. 1 made a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast , overpowering im. Siri'i^luijr to my feet, I I managed toststy.-r .! *htsic > believed the . -'-rl-rrv vr?T~, C-*r "P"" &e; stone ! sti-p , O'latiiis with a new .Intnl. as iv n as I j | tutu-; e I tlr.i drapery wLlrh hung Ixsicle it, a j | ray nt liyl.t felt upon the floor, and the fl;<urv of a lunn :Ir.t££hu; a headless body appealed before aiy terror-stricken eyes. It must lutve been two hours laser that I it my eyes, tu Guvt hou< sfc Antonio bending over mo. l'or a moment the light pouring in Iruiu tlto itpt-n casement almost blinded me. " My G jd! What was it'{" ( gasped, as the good ful-ow, putting his arm* about me, half curried tut* to th» bed. , lit- did not rt plv, but moved quickly back to ti e other w ndonr, removed the bar, o|*i\ed wide the wooden shutters, *nd, picking up from liitt st« p She oil lamp which he had uribaMy - had in his hand when he entered the rooui, put it on the console. Then, still silent, he went toward the fireplace, and taking up the great firt-board pat it iuto place, remarking laconi cally as he did ?o ; " Tho signorino forgot to fasten in the fire board, it appears." With the light of day pouring into the room, and the santt morning air gently moving-the shadows on tho wall, the horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Antouio and tried to think : but my brain was not in working order, and the very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from tha chimney, luoked at me, then takiug up my flask from the table, poured some of its contents into a glass, and bringing it to me said: ** Drink that. I will bring yoa your coffee in a few mo-Bents." " How did you get in ?" I asked him when he returned with the beverage. " The signonno asked me to call him at dawn, as lis wished to study sunrise effects ; so I came early to the door. I knew when I - received no answer to my knocks, that some thing had happened. It was not difficult to force the old lock."9 .. Tell me, what was it ? It was too real to have been a nightmare. "What was it, Antonio ?" *. The signorino does not know ? And yet it is an old j-tory here. Twas the ghost of the murdered man." . ' " It was not ,<|,"'1cat at all t" I exclaimed. "It was a head/' .. The same thing." 11 Have you ever *een it 7" " God forbid And Antonio crossed him self. . "I shall not pass another night in this house." "No ? And only last spring, a painter, one of your compatriots, caire here from Rome, and stayed in this very room on purpose to see the head. Ho went awi.y much disappointed, for it never appeared to him, though he did, hear it in the chimney By this time I w?s dressed, but was deter mined to hear tho sto-y before I left. It bad begun to dawn upon me that Antouio did not mean to tell it. " Come, Antonio," I began. At this moment my gondolier appeared at the doer. " Francesco knows it better than I ; and besides," said Antonio, " w« are not allowed to talk about it in this house." Francesco was ready enough . to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the. < r tiuatic fervour of his race, went over it in detail. It w^s townnl the middle of the last century that Duke Uerolamo'«!e GenOamei lived"in this, his ancestral home, wiih his two SODS and his ward, the only child of his-fistcr. It was intended that the ht-ir to tho pi ond old name should- marry the fair yoting consir, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with the younger son, who returned her passion tenfold. But the guardian auii uacte laughed at this childish folly, and calml7 find the weddiug day. Meantime, the hatred of h-- brothers grew. The elder was enraged bec.tt-<> ho could not win tho love of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious and despairing' because, through this accident of bit th which made him the youngi r son, he was deni» d pos session of her who alone made life worth living. It was the evs of tbe wedding, which was destined never to be, that their Inst and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Son Alessan <:ro said to the heir " If I cannot have her, then yon shall not!" In vain tho lovely Biauca, drawu thither by their loud words, tried to stop (hem, weeping and protesting that she, the unhappy cause of their discussion, would kill herself if they did not cease, then and there, their strife. Her presence only added fuel to the flame. The zztL. fought liko tiger*,'?.><1 when, atl-ngtb-, Alessandro feU at bis brcfchi»r'« feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with the thirst of blood upon him, drew liissworil across the neck, severing tho head from the body. Only then, as a deep groan fell upon the air, rad. for the last time th» eyes opened and gazed steadily at him, did the murderer realise, perhaps, bis crime. With tho cunning of a sadman, he dragged the hrad!ess trui<k acnss the room, and with a supreme effort lirted the ghastly harden and threw it into the narrow canal which flowed silently brneath tlie windows. He started back to dispose of the brad, ted ; but as he stooped to fake it up, a low mean fell upon his ear. Blanca lay as she had fall* n upon the hearth, and even as the 'young Gerolaniobentoverlierprofctnite form, bnathed oat her life in a long- drawn sigh The head, which he had dropped when attracted l>y Blanca's moan, rolled into the tin-plate,and disappeared. The heir dud soon liter in a madman's chains, and the childless, broken liearicd taih* ir followed him quickly to the grave. The distant heirs had gladly disposed of the pda<e ior a nominal sum, encumbered as it was I y. the memory of a fearful ciime and the bleeding head which haunted it at interval*. " Women make a great deal of trcnlil.^*' said Francesco, by way of conclusion. " Now, if the beautiful Bianca had cot made the mi.st'kn of falling in love v^th the wrong roan !" . An expressive gesture finished tho sentence, " It is said," he remarked, after a pause. " that' only when the skull of thu murdered man can, be found will his glibr-t cease to trouble the occupants of that room. How tired." he addeiS' naively, " the head must be, rolling up and. down tbe chimney ! Almost nil hear it, few see it. The signor painter was one of ih- ire.*' The gondola has stopped justopposite San, Giorgio Msggiore, where tho artis's were assembled even at this early hour, stud> ing the ever-chmging beauty of the old c-btirch in tie soft morning light. My pencil strayed over the canvas: but instead of tbe outline of tho chnr. h it was that of a man's head, which, as the d»y were on. grew into the likeness of the one 1 had seen the previous night. There is no'hftig more lossy. TJie story of the hauuted chamber is too vrell Irciown to need furtiicr proof from me. while as ti» my personal experience with it, I can add ri: t'*"g, I have related facta ss :le- "occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my sti.ij, mid hint at nightmare and «.th«r conccqn<ines lofalite supper ; I kuow bi.tter. > nc tliii lci.ai »d;er, I did not hear the talc until ihi djy lol'OAing my vi."it from the ghost. [ I have visited "Venicc uianv times^ip«re then ; but I have ntv«r relumed to that old pilace on tho little canal 