SPORTING. The hounds will throw-off at Benara this afternoon. It is reported that Mr. H. Hopwood purposes removing to Adelaide and Btarting training there. He has been offered soveral horses to train in the event of his doing so. The Adelaide Racing Club had a fine day for their Grand National meeting on Satur day, and as the raoing was good visitors had a pleasant afternoon. The chief event was the Steepleohase, about three miles, worth 325 sovs, to the winner, with 50 to second and 25 to third. Fifteen started. Confidence, Woodfield, Fishwife, Blaok Flag, Doric, Taradale, The Ghost, and Banjo either fell or baulked- Young Lucifer occupied a prominent position for most of the journey, and had he not struck the last fence but one rather heavily it is believed he would have very nearly won. As it was All Fours just managed to squeeze home by a head from Cataraot. Sir George was thi'd six. lengths off, and Young Lucifer a head away fourth. Dividend, £3 18s. The Second Hurdlerace, two miles, brought out a dozen runners. Conventioner was scratched. Nalpa was favorite, but he fell. His stable companion Wirrawa (both are in Ferry's stable), was, however, equal to the occasion, and he beat Gipsy Queen by a couple of lengths, En counter getting third. Floodbird, Gaillardia, Bombastlo, and the Golden King came next. The stake was worth 100 SOTS. The winner paid £'21 13s. Doubloon carried off the Selling Raoe, Hoar Hear the Mayor's Mile, paying £22 16s., Security the Dequetteville Stakes, and Fond the Corporation Stakes. The latter paid £9 163. . The mare All Fours changed hauda before winning the Steeplechase at Adelaide on Saturday, Mr. R. M. Hawker giving £150 for her, with another £50 in the event of her winning. All Fours is a daughter of the defunct Swordfiah. It is rumoured In Melbourne that the Messrs. Miller intend giving up racing. Rorke's Drift has found a new owner in Mr. 0. Aitken at £40. Artist fell and broke his leg while running in the Hurdlerace at Flsmington on Satur day, and had to be destroyed. The August meeting of the V.R.C. was run off at Flemington on Saturday. Hero beat Fiddler and others in the Hurdlerace, Fortassie annexed the Two-year-old Race, StraightGre the August Handicap, Mischief and Merman filling the places, and Beverly the Flat Race. Confusion, Timoai, and Larnook filled the situations in the Steeple* ohaae. Delaware and Boy Ray have been with drawn from the Melbourne Cup. An Indian buyer was anxious to Beoure the ipeedy Mainstay, but tho price asked was ioo high to lead to business. The question of a tax on stallions is likely iooa to engage the attention of the New South Wales Parliament, a Bill for that jbject being under consideration. Tho mea sure proposes that every owner of a stallion jr racehorse shall pay an annual fee of £10 or £5 respectively j that he shall be liable to a' penalty of £50 or £20 for the non-payment D£ such, registration fee j and that he shall also be liable to a penalty of £20 for entering » racehoraa or pony for any race before the Eee has been paid. It will be observed that this is a vory drastic proposal, ai the system of taxation would apply to racehorses gene rally. Mr. W. R. Wilson heads the list of win ning owners for the past season. Ho won 13 races, of the total value of £7.139, Wallace, of oourse, being responsible for the greater amount. Mr. D. James, of South Australia, only won 94 races, but one of them was the rioh Melbourne Gup. and he comes eeoond on the list with £5,175- Ths Messrs. Miller won the extraordinary num ber of 704 races, but their total cheque only amounted to £4,776, the majority of events won by them being minor ones. Next in order on the list come Mr. H. Oxenham, Mr. J. Wilson, jun., Mr. S. Hordern, and Mr. W. A. Long. Of South Australians the Messrs. Ferry take £885, Mr. T. Wigley £725, Mr. Barr-Smith £725. Mr. W. Blaokler £480, Mr. O. Aitkin £450, Mr. C. Cook £425, Mr. A. Reed £415, Mr. T. Hales has £355 to his credit, and Mr. T, Cawker £345. Mi«s Macaroni, an imported mare, by the Derby winner Macaroni, died at Kilmany park a few days ago. She was the d^m of Chopstiok and Sale. Mr. John Crosier is having bad luck with his horses, Di}ke of Riohmond, who cost 500 guineas last autumn, has broken down, and Horteasius is lame. At the Newmarket sales in England last month the brood mare Vesta, a half- sister by Hermit to Haut Brion, the horse recently bought on behalf of Mr. S. Hordern, of Sydney, was sold to M. Lebaudy for 810 guineas. A yearling filly by Suspender from Vesta realised 410 guineas, rH two-year-old from Vesta 2^0 gai&ea;?, and the two-year, old Merione'b, by The Bard from Bonnie Lwie (dim of Haut Brion), 520 guineas, At the same sale an old mare named Fore. sight, by Mwfcst, with a wit fca!{ Henchman, a fall brother to Robinson Crusoe, was recently destroyed in New Zealand. The Victorian hardleraoer Lochaber was sold as a yearling for 8 guineas. 