A ¥■ OMAN'S VICTORY. By :‘LiiIOA,' Author 0/ “More Than Coronets.’* [ALL RIGHTS HESLUVED.J, ■ CHAPTER XXIV. An UNQUIET NIGHT. Man in the person of the chemist is ahie to resolve the diamond into a couple of common elements. When lie can take those two elements and manu facture diamonds from them he will have gone some way further. When the treasure gates of know ledge stand open, "there shall he no more sea," that is, no more separation between the natural and the super natural. Nature has not yet given up all her secrets, although year by year philoso phers are unravelling, new threads of discovery which represent the clues of mysteries as yet undisplayed. i Some mysterious forces stand reveal ed, but not yet fully understood-Among these are magnetic power ramd hypno Whether Royal Boomcr-aft could or could -not influence Edith Fletcher's ac tions by means of his superior wilt, they being apart and divided, by actual dis tance, he himself firmly believed that lie could; and the axiom that a sublime belief in one's own powers goes some ■way towards bringing those powers to fruition, is a generally accepted one. Edith Fletcher was the first "subject'' ■whom he had succeeded in hypnotis ing. He never forgot the night. He led her away from the seance, wherein the trickery was practised—away to the banks above the Fort Macquarie sands exultant, and yet afraid of the deed he liad done. The sight of the face and form ap pearing as if soul and spirit were with drawn, leaving only their covering the body, to be held in ignominious bondage by him, had overawed him completely, He -stood in terror and remorse before the vacuity he had created. He watched the senses return, and knew how keen was her mingled terror, shame and anger at finding herself alone with him, a comparative stranger, at an unseemly hour. Then ardently, passionately, he had declared his.love for her, and told her that he held this mysterious power be cause his spirit had claimed kinship with hers involuntarily. Ail this with her hands in his, his handsome face and eloquent eyes alight With passion. So, half-threatening, half persuading he had won her. She had exacted a promise from him that the experiment was not to be re peated, and he being too fond of her to risk her anger, had kept the promise. But now—now it was different. She bad repulsed him—Insultingly, as he chose to think. He would reassert Ills Influence, and bring her to his side to feel again the humility of spiritual sub jugation. Evening after evening for many con secutive days he sat for hours, her i photograph before him, concentrating his mental energies Into the determina- I tion to bring her into his presence. j Night after night he waited in the im mediate vicinity of the house wherein she was in the confident expectation that his uncanny and villainous efforts Would be successful. He failed, but he never knew how •nearly he -had aucceeeca;' aitnougn he ' bad more than an Idea that his defeat was due to the intervention of his hated rival, Frank Wentworth. Mr and Mrs Fletcher and Edith had been staying in Frank’s house for about three months. The law suit which awarded the Bendigo property to Frank had been ended some three weeks. Frank, between resigning Civil Service duties and accepting certain ob ligations as land-owner, found himself the victim of a budget of correspon dence; ro just about this time it hap pened trequently that he often stayed rap late writing letters in his study. One night as he sat even later than -usual, he heard a light footstep pass the closed door, and descend the stairs. “Which of them is that ?” he queried. I am not the only late one, it seems. He fancied that his aunt or cousin Sad gone down to the drawing-room for some book or fancy-work material left there by mistake. He did not take much notice until he Seard the rattle of the front door chain; then he went down stairs quickly in perplexity, and even alarmed, without knowing why, and taking a light with Sim. The stair carpet was thick, and he wore slippers. Setting thf candlestick he carried upon a bracket, he went for ward to the front hall door; for he saw, to his great astonishment, that his cousin Edith was stooping to un loose the fastenings. He was about to speak to her, but she drew herself upright, and he saw her face. The girl was deathly pale, and the tears were coursing down the lily-like face—a lovely, dead countenance, to which the power of weeping remained. Her expression was vacantly terrible, as if some past horror were frozen Into It. \- She was dressed hastily in a careless way in her day clothes, and her rich chestnut hair hung loosely about her. He saw at once that she was in a Somnambulistic sleep or trance, he did not know which. He knew that as a child she had been troubled with som nambulism, but understood from his aunt that the ailment had long ago dis appeared. While he hesitated what to do, she 9rew back the final fastening of the 3oor. Her hand was upon the latch. In another second the door would have been opened. Then very gently Frank took her Sand In his, and in a moment a glad Change passed over her face, which transfigured It. She gave the deep, Sobbing sigh of one who passes from the brink of imminent danger to It was as if the soul, sinking into Some unknown abyss of sorrow, had Been recalled to its earthly tenement. The corpse-like look was replaced by life and color; the terrified expression gave way to peaceful calm, and the rigid curves of the lips parted In a happy smile, but she still slept. Finding that she had not awakened, Be led her hack very gently up the stairs and along the first floor cor ridor, until, coming to tlhe open door of the study, the strong light, or some other cause, aroused her, and she open ed her eyes with an exclamation. Then seeing Frank she clung to his arm -helplessly. “Thank God!” she said, trembling from head to foot. “Oh, Frank, save •lou are '■jnVtc safe, already, dear,” he said, gently. “You have been dream ing:; that is. rJl."’ Keeping; hold of her with one hand, he held some wine to her iips, which she sipped; then she sank into a chair. "V.'hfiit lias happened, Frank?” she "Von,%r-o'-,t to bed and to sleep, cousin, but I suppose you did not find it good enough this hot night, for I found you unfastening the hall door with the evi dent intention of going out for a breath of pool air.” '■Did I go?” ”Of course not. I saw you were asleep, and brought you back. Have you been getting a nightmare?” ■"Worse than that,” she said; the look of horror returning to her eyes. ”1 J was lying asleep when, suddenly, I knew that Royal was. waiting for me to go to him. It was as if he were dragging me against my will with all his power, I resisting, as one who struggles for life and liberty. “Then came a time when I felt that i the struggle was useless, that I must go, knowing all the time that to be weak is to be wicked. “It was dreadful—oh, so terrible ! I | saw myself lying asleep upon the bed and yet the someone who was really I pased out and away. I seemed to have a dual existence. “Have you ever felt like that, Frank ?” No; Frank never had. He took the poor child’s other hand in his, and kissed it; and thought, as he looked into her dilated eyes and watched the color coming and going on the deli cate face, that this was a case of nerves overwrought to a dangerous “Royal was close by, drawing me on. —on. He would have taken me away. He had all but seized me-” “Well, what then ?” “Then, quite suddenly, I seemed to pass from darkness to light, from dan ger to safety. I was sleeping peace fully again* and knew and felt so happy, and thankful to know, that no harm could come near me. “Then I awoke, and found myself “What a fanciful little cousin this is, to be sure ! We shall have to take great care of her in future,” Frank said, humoring her as if she were a child. “Frank,” she said, “a dreadful fear comes upon me sometimes. Royal knows I have defied him; knows that he has no power over me in my waking hours; but suppose that while I am asleep and helpless, his power with me re-asserts itself ! Oh! it is too horrible to think of !” “Then, do not think of it, Edith. It is a mere idea. I refuse to believe that he holds any power over you, sleeping or waking—unless you love him still.” “Ugh !” she said, with a gesture of contempt. “Then, put the man out of your mind, child, as completely as posible.” “I have an impression that he is quite near us now,” she said. “Just the feeling one has upon entering a dark room—hearing and seeing no per son, yet all the while knowing that the room is occupied.” ' for that fancy,” said Frank. ’Let ns go and look for him.” He took the first wrap he could find— an ulster of his own— and put it on her, then they went out into the street together, and walked slowly for some little distance. Edith’s fearfu; gaze around her did not penetrate the dark shadow thrown by the ivy-covered portico of an adjoin ing house, in the shelter of which Royal Boomcraft stood still as death, and all most ‘as cruel. “There,” said Frank, soothingly. “Ghost hunters never find anything ex cept their scattered courage. Nothing dreadful here is there. Road not so straight as it would be if it were straighter; pavement ditto; moon with prehensible curve—a note of interroga tion pointing the question as to when there will be a change in the weather; a wood-fire fog, antipodes of a London fog, perhaps an .improvement upon the latter; -two worthy members of a re ligious movement who would like to -ask us to matins with them by and by; and that is really all “No hideous reality of the shadow of nightmare; no Mr Boomcraft, who is asleep and dreaming probably. Peace be unto him ! May his dreams be those of a straightforward man to make up to him for his waking moments.” “Let us go in again,” said Edith. They re-entered the house, and went back to the fetudy again. She was very pale, and trembling still. “Well, has the impression departed?” he asked, smiling at her. She covered her face with her hands. “I rather like to see young ladies cry,” Frank observed. “The nose assumes such a delicate pink tint.” What girl could weep after this? The mental barometer rose to “Laughter” at once. “Frank, you do tease !” she said. “But, oh, what must you think of me?" “I .think two things of you, cousin Edith. I think that your temperament is very delicately organised. I think that .the over-activity of your brain could be neutralised by the active ex penditure of your physical energies. In other words, you would be a healthier, happier girl if you had some occupation which lifted you out of yourself, as at' “Then you don’t think me foolish?” “No, dear. A little too wise; that is aH.” "When you go upstairs again lock your door and drop the key into the jug of cold water, so that you cannot get out of your room without wakening yourself.” “A good suggestion, Frank. Good night, and many thanks. I believe I owe you more than either of us know , or Imagine.” “You fanciful child !” he said, cheer fully, as they Shook hands. Edith carried out her cousin’s sugges tion as to the key; then feeling no in clination to sleep she did what was perhaps the wisest thing under the cir stances. She .took an amusing book and read till daylight. “Jane, just come and look here, will you 7” Mr Fletcher said to his wife next morning. Mrs Fletcher went to look. There, upon the floor of the corridor, on an improvised couch of rug and pillows, Frank lay peacefully asleep, near the threshold of his cousin's door. When they awoke him, he turned upon his shoulder, like an individual resolved upon finishing his night's rest, no mat ter who came or went. “Waas wrong ?” he enquired at length. “A fit of rheumatism, I should say,” Mr Fletcher answered. "A fit of somnambulism, I should say," Mrs Fletcher remarked. "He must have found that child walking in her sleep. Why did you not call us up, Frank ?” “Both, I should say,” said Edith, opening her room door. “Frank, how could you be so careless of yourself ? I was all right." Mr Wentworth sat up on the floor, and addressed the company with the calmness of conviction. "I have suspected it long—I know it now,” said he. "I am one—the one—of three of the world's greatest heroes and geniuses ! Wellington and Bonaparte only mounted to the height of detest ing feather beds; I surpass them, and abhor spring mattresses. “I shall mention the discovery to our colonel of volunteers the day after to morrow. He will instantly resign his i sword and epaulettes in my favor, with a burst of admiration, after which— Lancers and Caledonians, to the tune of See the Conquering Hero.” Royal was fain to realise that his un hallowed experiment had failed. With bitter disappointment, he confessed his defeat, and promised himself the plea sure of attempting some other means of regaining his power over the inno cent girl at a future time,, by way of revenging himself upon her and her Love—such love as he could feel—was his motive power also. The more un attainable his object—that of marrying Edith—the more ardently he wished for its accomplishment; the more doggedly he determined not to be beaten. In the meantime, he bethought him self that it might be as well to attach another string to his bow; so he began to honor Miss Florence Golded with some delicate attentions; which she might or might not construe as indica tive of his matrimonial intentions with regard to herself. Miss Golded was a not over dutiful daughter, who “took after her mam Mrs Golded was a lady who held the worst possible opinion cf Australian people, manners, and customs; and gave expression to the same in the worst possible taste, being specially virulent against Victoria's greatest city and its dwellers. Swanston street reminded her of Shoreditch ; Collins street of some world- unknown suburb in the far east of London. The people she designated slightingly as “these vulgar colonials.” She had brought her family “out from home” some five years before her intro duction to Mr Boomscraft. “She mixed -with colonial society very little,” utterly declining to descend from her former high pedestal of social superiority. Her exact status in her own country was not ascertained clearly; it was only •surmised. It must have been some circle outside •that of Court circles—a circle wherein swear-words and absolute freedom of speech and action was practised in the sanctuary of the house, and a strident voice (given to much 'boasting), a coarse appearance, and a heartless reali ty were tolerated, if not accepted, by the “ so ciety” of her country side. Therefore it was not wonderful that many of "those colonials” had been known to go out of their way so as not to put themselves in the way of Mrs Golded. There was a Mr Golded also, but he was merely the financial agent in the matrimonial partnership. He appeared seldom at Mrs Golded’s select social gatherings. When he did, he appeared uncomfortable, being under the censorious eyes of his wife, and un der the conviction that the Queen’s Eng lish was a difllcut language to speak to ingratiate himself. He was kept at a safe and rather contemptuous dis tance at first; but as the years went by, Miss Golded grew older, and Mr Boomcraft richer, so that he came to be considered "not such a bad match after all.” But from the very first he recognised the futility of attempting to gain any ■ influence of a hypnotic nature with Miss Golded, she being of a strictly practical and unimpressionable temperament. Nothing less valuable than a handsome ! set of diamonds would have mesmerised her; whereas these grown children’s toys .were of little account in the eyes of Edith, and Gay also. 