? FATHER'S WILL ' OR , HER OWN MISTRESS. a LOVE ROMANCE. ST-.' ?-* '? f ; * r CHAPTER IV. ?' f f A TERRIBLE CHARGE. Mn. Hartley looked blankly into the face of the servant, ' What do you mean ?' the faltered, brokenly, after a long pause ' Who it dead ? What ia the matter ?' ^ And once more the woman gasped ?''J* forth the terrible story. A body— the body of a woman young and fair had been found in the Hartley grounds, stone dead lor hours, who she was, and how she came there, were mysteries as yet unsolved. Rapidly the servant related tbe awful dis covery. Mrs. Hartley's face became ghastly white She sank into a seal and lifted one white, jewel- starred band with an imperious gesture. '* Stop 1 That is enough— a whole, whole chapter of horrors. I will hear no more. Go and attend to your duties. The woman obeyed in sullen silence, and when the door had closed behind ber, Mrs. Hartly started to her feet and faced her daughter, white and trembling ' What shall we do ?' wringing her white hands wildly, ' and where in the world is your father that be doss not come to me with the news, but leaves it to a servant to shatter my nerves witb the awful talc ? Ah J there he is now, thank goodness1. David,' as Hartley, pale and agitated, entered tbe room and sank helplessly into the nearest seat, ' for tbe love of heaven tell me what it wrong ? What has hap pened ? Burton has been here with an awful tale, to which 1 refused to listen.' Darid Hartley shook his head slowly. '? Ada, it is true, all true,' he re peated slowly. 'Come and see for yourself.' He indicated the grounds without. She shrank back with a cry of terror. ' No, oh, no I And yet perhaps 1 may be able to identify the body. If you think it advisable, David ' He opened the door. ' I think that you had better come, and Blanche and Myra also. An ominous darkness gathered over his face as that name passed his lips. ' People will think it strange if you do not show some feeling.' He had touched the right chord in that cold, worldly heart. She moved towards the door with swift footsteps, then halted and glanced back. ' Where is that girl ? Where is Myra? I have not seen her to-day, David, *' glancing swiftly into his pale j.-,. face. ' You must send her away. We ' can endure no more, Blanche and I. And now Hector has shown an inverest l in her. He saw her last night' David Hartley's face darkened vis ibly. He went over to the window and glanced out in search of the offender, but Myra was not there. He turned away. And so the trio got out intff the grounds together out to an ? unused building where, upon a long table, something was lying still oh, so still ! A group of pale, awe-Btricken people were gathered round ; they fell back in respectful silence as the master of tbe bouse entered, with tl.e two shrinking, trembling women in his wake. ' Sims ?' ' Yes, sir,' \- The gardener stepped swiftly for i ward. ' Mrs. Hartley and Miss Blanche will look at tbe body. Have you, or has anybody identified the body, Sims ?' Sims bowed his head deferentially, and said : 'Yes, sir.' He turned down the white sheet which covered the rigid face, and Mrs. Hartley and her daughter glanced fearfully towards it A fair, childish 1 little face, with half-open blue eyes, a pretty face framed in by yellow hair, witb a babyish moutb, the white lips , drawn back in a gbastly line from the pearly teeth. Mrs. Hartley recoiled witb a stifled shriek. '.Enid ?' she panted wildly. 'Oh, Blanche, don't you see ? It is Enid Raynor. Poor little Enid who used to se* for us. She lived in Myrtle \- Cottage with her old father. Oh, bow did this happen?' She turned about and confronted tbe gardener, standing near, pale and ?till. Sims bowed his head with a grim expression settling upon his nigged features. ' Let them answer that as knjws, ma'am, te returned bitterly. ' Some of tbem fine chaps that was here last night can tell you all about it' ' What dp you mean?1* she _ de- manded in a husky whisper. ' Sims, if jt»u know or suspect anything come op to Ibe house at once and tell me '? ? fil I demand it' -V: U There was a silence for a brief space, \- and den Sims said : \- Hi be there in five minutes.'' ? ' - Mn. Hartley moved away, followed ' ? ... Once within die bouse, back in the '4fr-, MUtoom, Mrs Hartley grem jrvJ-f atrangely calm. It yas ai though a i sudden silence bad copte upon her *' life. She sent 6lanch» 'away, and to the, gardener's : f ^^e bad not long tp wait. A »p | «, j«,t^£«,^d a,ljwment later ^tbe r 'If you please, ma am, it do sound bad for a servant to tell tales on a gentleman as has been a-callin' here ; but the truth is the truth. I think I've done light, and I was afcared to tell master. And ? ' He hesitated a moment, and then drew from a capacious pocket some thing wrapped up in a piece of news paper With hands that had trembled in spite of him, he unrolled the paper and something fell upon the carpet at his feet. He stooped and picked it up gingerly, hall fearfully handling the thing, with a look of horror and aver sion upon his face. It was a pocket handkerchief, a gentleman's handker chief of fine cambric with an elaborate monogram in one corner hardly dis tinguishable now, however, for the whole handkerchief was satuiated with blood. 'Twere found a-layin' under the body, ma'am,' he explained solemnly. ' You'll see there is a monogram in the corner.' Mrs. Hartley's eyes glanced at the dainty embroidery, arid Icll back with a low groan. Could it be possible ? had she jumped too swiftly to a con clusion ? For she recognised the monogram. She had seen it befcre upon note-paper and other personal effects of lis owner. The embroidered initials were ' C. O'S '' 'Sims' — she lifted her frightened eyes to the gardener's troubled face — 'do you know or have you any idea who was the owner of this handker chief? Do you know anything ol this unfortunate occurrence ?' Sims looked grave. ' if you please ma'am, I don't like ; to tell what iittle I know ab- -ut j it ; the law won't listen to what ! I suspect. But Knid was allcrs i flirty j little thing — no harm in her, though — and there's lots o' gentlemen as used | to pay her -on;plimcnts, and seemed to j be in love with her All I've got to say ( isthis. I've bun knowin' to the pal's] being friends nith sonic o' the fine | gentlemen, and I've told her many's ! the time that she was wmdin' a bad; thread for herself. But, ma'am, when j a woman is once sot in her own way and j dctarmined upon a certain course — ; 'specially if there's a man in the ease — theAisn't no way o' stoopin' her ! She'll take*no advice. And last night I seen her in the grounds these here very grounds — with a gentleman the owner o' this handkerchcr, /io doubt. They was walkin' among the trees to gether, arfd then went down to the fur end o' the grounds in company. That's the last I saw o' them, ma'am, until I found poor little Enid this nioinin' layin' on her face in the grass, and the blood a-standin' in a great purple pool all rouud her, and she stone dead. Heaven rest her soul !' Mrs. Hartley was much moved, and then said ; ' What is to be done ? have any steps been taken, Sims, to — to ? ' ?' Arrest him ? Yes,' ma'am. If you please, I didn't want to tell you alore, ar.d master, he don't know a wcrd o' it yet, but I thought you all would blame me if 1 didn't give the alarm, and so I spoke to the officer who came over from the city. He went back quickly, ma'am, and he had gooii luck in taking the party, and Mr. Charlie O'Shea was arrested for the mur der I' ?What?' There was a wild cry, and the sound of flying footsteps, and at the open window stood Myra, pale and wild eyed, with a look upon her face Mrs. Hartley never foigot. ' What do you mean ?' she gasped, brokenly. ' Charlie— Mr. O'Shea — arrested for murder of that t;iri ? You must be mad 1' '? The law will attend to all that,' observed Mrs. Hartley, striving to be calm. ' It is false 1 It is false 1' moaned Myra, wringing her hands in mad des pair. Charlie O'Shea is the truest, noblest man in tne world ! Aunt Ada, he shall be saved, if it lies within human power !'' Great consternation reigned through out the city when the awful news was told. Down in the Darlinghurst prison, Charlie O'Shea— pale and quiet— sat, waiting for what was to come. Many ot his friends visited him in his lonely cell, and spoke words of kindly friend ship and good cheer. His eyes danced a little with the old light, for he was full of hope, as be was conscious of his j innocence. Myra moved about the bouse like a ghost. She had evidently made up her mind to keep her own counsel, so she said little concerning CharlieO'Shea and the crime with Which he was charged. Blanche watched her with sinister eyes. If ever a women hated another, Blanche Hartley bated her cousin, and never lost an oppurtunity to stab her to the heart with bitter words. So time slipped by, and the day appointed for the trial was at hand. Then came the scene in the court house. An immense crowd, of course. Never before had the officials witnessed such a scene. Lake a marble image Myra Hartley sat in a retired comer, out of range of curious observers, , and ibe trial com menced. It was not going to be a lengthy one, after all, lor the witnesses were/ew. Old Smutestified.tofinding the body at seven o'clock tbe morning jdterthefeallat£t;$£lmo. The hand chief fepuiw CfaaHie O'Sbea's well JutbKjn ^-'flion^KapV^as .'brought Into, &\--trt :an-i abdeatiS^d by the prisoner /CMflie O'fflwa posited in denying any acquaintance ' whatever with the dead girl ; Enid Rayiior was a stranger to him, he declared. Bat circumstantial evidence was piled up mountain-high, and circumstantial evi dence baa consigned men to tbe gallows before now. And then, just at the moment when the case looked blackest for tbe pri soner a slender, black robed figure — a drooping, trembling little figure — stepped timidly into the witness-box Like one in a dream, Charlie O'Shea sat with his eyes riveted upon tbe childish face, white as driven snow, and the gold-brown eyes so full of pathos. They lilted themselves with a fearless earnest ness, which somehow carried conviction with it, to the grave face of the judge, and then swept beseechingly over the twelve men who held Charlie O'Sbea's life in their hands. If you please Sir ? ' The sweet voice trembled so tbat it ras scarcely audible. Then she caught i glimpse of a haughty, beautiful face n the midst of a group of the prisoner's riends— the proud, dainty face of tbe t oman who had already been pointed sut to her as Isabel Varian, and at -ight )f that face witb its calm, surprised L'xpre.isiun, Myra Hartley voice grew irm and clear. -'.If you please, sir,' she repeated, 11 it could not have been Mr. Charlie D'Shea who did the awful deed even it he were so bad — and I know [hat it is not possible, because :be inquest and the trial both prove .ha. l the murder was contmited at about midnight And 1 was with Mr. O'Shea myself at that hour, sir, and until alter one o'clock. ' An awful, ominous silence settled down over the court-room. She stood Hill as the dead, and knew that she had rung her own deatb-knell. Such i confession would sound bad, and she, innocent and good asshc was, knew that it would be so. A murmur ran through the court room— a low murir.ur which was quickly subdued, as the judge, wrth a look of intense surprise flashing over his calm, impassive features, turned to the ichite faced, trembling girl. ' Do you comprehend — are you fully aware of the importance of what you are saying. Miss Hartley ?' he asked, a little huskiness creeping into his judical voice, in spile of himself Myra bowed her head tor an instant, then up it rose again with a haughty little gesture. '? 1 understand, sir ; I think I fully realise what 1 am saying. I am upon my oath, your honour.'1 The judge bit his stern lip to sup press a smile which was about to creep into existence there. ' Are you aware,' he continued, calmly, his eye still fixed upon her white, lily lace, ' that if the prisoner can prove an alibi he will be exonerated — set free ? You know the meaning of the word alibi ?' It was Myra's turn to smile now. '? I do, your honour, alibi means elsewhere ; and if it can be proved beyond i doubl that Charlie — Mr. O'Shea— was elsewhere at the time the awlul deed was committed, he will be exonerated. But suppose he, being guiltless all the time, should be unable to prove an alibi, it would be a horrible injustice to punish him ! Why, sir, i( he were to be condemned to — to the gallows1' — stopping short to choke down the lump in her throat which impeded her utterance — ' it would be legalised murder !'? There was a faint though speedily suppressed burst of applause from the further corner of the crowded court room. Tbe judge tried bard to look unconcerned, but somehow made a failure of it. ' And do you realise, my child.' said the judge, slowly, ' that by your confession you are compromising your self hv ? ' i I 1 I i'. l c t L a t o. noLumg io dc ashamed of. I was not expected to appear at tbe ball at St Elmo, Uncle Hartley's, for — for— my father has not long been dead, and I do not care for gaiety in any way ; but Aunt Ada — Mrs Hartley— said that I might go into the grounds to see the illumination. So, about eleven o'clock —no, it was fifteen minutes past eleven, I remember, for I glanced. at the clock upon the stairs ai I came down — I vent out into the grounds, and wandered away to where there were no Ughts, but the moon was shining brightly. _ I seated myself Upon a rustic seat which stands under tbe big oak tree, and I had not long been there when Mr. Charlie O'Shea came along. It might have been twenty minutes to twelve or there abouts wben be came. Heuseemed pleased to. see me. We bad meet before down at my old home in Pana matta ; so be sat down, and we talked and talked. Time went by, and we did riot notice bow late it was tin we beard t}e clock in tbe stable-yard in the distance strike one. Mr. CSbealooked a bis watch in the moonlight, and it .?as just five minutes past one I Marled up, quite frightened, for I knew Oat Aunt Hartley would beangry with Me if site knew tbat I bad remained so lane io tbe grounds talking with Mr. OiSbea. Solbade him good-night, bit be intiated «pon walking eRlb tbt bquse wtarine. I am glad now that bt diTbecme ! hurried upstain. My cousin, Miss BlancheHartley, was in the hall, and saw me go u(f |be stairs, and there are doubtleat a dozen people who can testify that Mn O'Shea entered tbe drawing-room at about the same time. As for compromising myself in any way, your honour, I am innocent of any intentional' harm, I have only told the truth. I did nothing wrong only in my disobedience of Aunt Hartley, for she did not wish me to mix wiih her guests. That is all 1 have to say, sir. Please may I go now?' Tbe judge nodded acquiescence, the jurymen glanced into each other's faces, the prisoner drew a long breath of relief, It was all over — all over. ' All ( tie hope, and the fear, and tbe longing ; All itie deep, dull pain end the awful anguish of patience I' Charlie O'Shea was a free man, and Myra Hartley had made him so. The brief formalities were ended, and Charlie left the prisoners box. He stepped into the court-room exonerated — cleared from the awful charge. Once there he was surrounded and con gratulated by bis friends with eager delight, and greeted by his brother, Tristram, witb effusive affection. But Charlie made his way straight through the crowd, looking neither to the right nor lelt ' Where is Myra Miss Hartley ?' he asked eagerly. ' I must see her — and — and thank ber ! God bless ber noble heart 1 sbe has saved my life I'1 But there is no trace of Myta to be found She had vanished from the court-house, and as far as Charlie O'Shea could discover; sbe had dis appeared as though the earth had opened and swallowed her up. When Myra left the witness-box and made her way through the gaping crowd, she hastened to where the Hartley's were sitting in state. Sbe expected to be received with silent re buke, to put itself into words when home was reached. But she was not prepared for the frigid glare of silent contempt with which her aunt and copsin met her. Not a word or sign that they sympathised with her un pleasant predicament ; only a swift, cold, Ireezing glance, ana tbe pale, scornful faces were speedily averted. Myra's heart bounded with an^ry re sentment It was unjust, it w&s; cruel; it was horrible for them to treat her thus in tbe presence of that gaping, curious crowd. She crept to David Hartley s side, and ventured to lay her hand upon his arm. Uncle David' in a low, faltering voice ' I wish to ? ' ' Hush ! How dare you altcmpi any excuses for your unpardonable con duct ? Go home : go back to my house at once. You will find the phaeton outside ; Brand will drive you home. Get out ot my sight before 1 do some thing in public which I may re gret' ' Uncle David, I will speak. I have done nothing wrong. I i,uve only told the truth. Would you have allowed Mr O'Shea to die for another's crime ?' David Hartley shrugged his shoul ders. ' It is none of my business and it should be none of yours. A woman's first duty is to herself, to keep her own name pure and untarnished. There may have been no leal harm in your tete a lete with Mr O'Shea, but it was unconventional and not the cus tom in civilised society for a young lady to indulge in conveisatiun with a young man in the grounds so late at night.' ' But Uncle David, Blanche was walking with Mr Canlle alone in the garden for hours ; yet you and Aunt Ada seem to think that all right And any way I could not stand idly by and an innocent man condemned to alb, or to a life-long imprisonment, !icb is even worse than death, when Iknew tbat he was not guilty. 1 fuld not and would not !' I' Are you going to obey me ? Go at ice ; the carriage is waiting. Your int and cousin will drive with me in e victoria I will atlend to your ise later on.' Myra needed no urging. She had it one desire, that was to get away 3m the court-room, from the crowd id its staring eyes fixed upon ber as ough trying to read her thoughts, bat bad she done tbat was so strange id monstrous ? Merely told the truth ; ved an innocent man from an nominious death, or a death in life iprisonment Her heart thrilled ildly at tbe thought of bis escape. ≠ passed through tbe open door of the old court-bouse and out into the fresh air, a glad feeling in ber heart that she had been instrumental ia. bis release. She found the phaeton with Brand in attendance, and was soon out of town and back at St Elmo. Right through the groups which pressed about bim, Charlie O'Shea made bis way, pausing only to thank the kindly sympathisers, yet feeling all tbe time tbat with all their sympathy and good will not one of them would bave done for bim what the young girl bad done two hours before. ' Where is she 1' be muttered, as be left tbe court-house and glanced up tbe street . And then bis eye fell upon a car riage, tbe family victoria of Mr David Hartley. Witn hurried footsteps be readied its aide Mrs Hartley and Blanche were already seated, and upon be front scat Mr Hartley and Tristram O'Shea. Charlie fell bade involun tarily, then suddenly advanced. ' Mr Hartley,' with a little tremor , io his Yoiceai be held oat bis band — ; M I wish to thank your niece for ber noble 4eed to-day* May I speak witb hwr. TO BE CONTINVSD. ' ' SS- SSSSSSR 