The Red Lagoon. a a. Donald Macpherson was npt the first man who had fallen a victim to Alice Ather ton's beauty, but certainly among the ranks of her admirers the;e had been no man more worthy of a girl's affection. Alice was not slow to recognise his superiority, and it did not reckon for nothing with the spoiled beauty that he was the owner of AVirra-Wonga, a splendid sheep station adjoining her brother- in-law's. And when the important question (which experience in such matters told her was not far oft') was asked she was quite prepared to give a reply in the affirmative. It was a. warm Sunday morning, and the two were enjoying a ride. They had come across the clearing at a good canter, and on entering a cool gully between the hills, were glad to let the horses fall into a walk. ' Let us go to the red lagoon and see if the lilies are out,' requested Alice. ' Oh, it's too early for lilies yet,' answered he, ' but let us go there all the same.' The lagoon lay between the hills in a veritable bower of beauty ; it was a dark, cold-looking pool in winter, but in spring was gorgeous with the flowers of great red water lilies, The vegeta tion around was almost tropical in iis luxuriance, while cockatoos and par rots of all kinds came there in flocks, lending an added beauty to the scene ; traces of many camp fires told also of frequent aboriginal visitors. There were no flowers out yet ; it was as Donald said — too early, but a large bud in the centre of the lagoon told that in a few days there would be a beautiful flower. ' I would like that flower when it comes out,' said Miss A.therton, tapping her saddle flap with her pretty whip, much to the irritation of her steed. ' Her companion laughed. ' I am sorry T can't oblige you, although I would do almost anything for you.' His voice was soft and dangerous, and Alice did not intend to give her answer that day. 'You wouldn't do much if you wouldn't get a flower for me,' she answered with an arch laugh. ' I would die for you if need be,' he answered earnestly. 'It's easy to say that; all nine teenth century young men say that. In the ©lden days men diet some great deed.' She started her horse and he had to follow. ' Alice, Alice, listen tome a minute. I must speak to you. You know I love you. Do you love me well enough to marry me 1 ' She raised her eyes to his, then lowered them again meditatively. ' Will you ask me again in a week 1 ' ' A week,' so be it.' Then added softly as he leaned across her saddle : 'Mind it is yes, sweetheart1' Conversation languished on the homeward ride — each one was busy with their own thoughts, but before Donald left Barcoola station that Sunday he had extracted a promise from Alice to ride with him again the following Sunday to the Red Lagoon and give him his answer. On the day following little Mrs. Evans, Alice's sister, was in a great flutter, for a smart buckboard buggy and pair drove into the station yard at Barcoola, and Tom Evans entered the house with a stout, comfortable looking elderly man, whom he intro duced as Sir Titus Short. Sir Titus was a wealthy retired .soap manufacturer, who had received knighthood a year before from a grate ful sovereign for services rendered in supplying his country with soap and candles, which a senseless protective duty transposed into a mine of wealth. And now, by bungling public affairs nnd advancing his own as Commis sioner of Public Works, he was anxious his fellow-colonists should forget the soap and candles. As another election was pending, he was doing the round of his most influential constituents to make his election sure. He was a widower, and rumour said, on the look-out for a lady to share his- title- Australian sheep stations are the most hospitable places in the world. Barcoola was no exception. Mrs. Evans and her husband did all in their power to make their guest comfort able. Alice Atherton also did hers, and judging by results, they succeeded, for on the Sunday following, when Donald arrived, Titus Short was still there. Alice lay very much at her ease in a hammock, and Sir Titus sat by her side, evidently enjoying him self. ' Oh, good morning, Mr. Macpher son,' she said, smiling up sweetly at him. ' Have you met Mr. Macpherson, Sir Titus 1- He is a neighbour of ours ; he is owner of Wirra Wonga, the adjoining station.' The two men acknowledged each other distantly. ' Are you going to ride this morn ing, Miss Aiheiton?' enquired Donald. ' Isn't it too hot to ride this morn ing ?' she inquired innocently. 'As you please,' he said shortly, hurt at her indifference. 'I don't think it is hot out by the Lagoon.' 'Miss Ellis will take my place,' she said. '?What about Miss Ellis?' said a tall, unprepossessing - looking girl, coming out of the dining room window on to the verandah. ' 'Oh, Mr. Macpherson is anxious for one of us to go for a ride with him. I'm too lazy. You'll go, won't you ?' ' I'd like to do so very much if Mrs. Evans can spare me,' said the girl. 'Oh, I'll make it all ric;ht with her,' said Alice. ' You and I haven't had a ride together for a long while, Bertie,' he said as they rode along. 'No,' said Bertie frankly; 'I haven't been asked. Donald looked at her, then laughed. ' Quite true,' he said, ' but I'll try and behave better in the future. How are you getting on at Barcoola 1 Do you like it?' ' Oh, yes, so much, they are all so kind. Mrs. Evans is so good to me ; she treats me more like a sister than a lady help, and so does Miss Ather ton. I can never thank you enough for telling them about me. Father and mother are grateful to you also.' ' How is the dear mother ? ' ' Much better ; but she has to work so hard ; I wish I was as rich as Donald ; I would like them to have a little more money.' ' Why won't they let me help ? I have wanted to again and again — they were parents to me, but won't let me be a son to them.' The colour stole over Bertha's brow and face and neck. It had been her cherished dream from childhood, that some day he would be their son in reality, but since Alice Atherton had come that hope was cut off. But Bertha had a disposition too sunny to brood or bear malice, so she locked her love quietly away in her own heart as a sweet dream that would never be realised. It is open to question whether Donald enjoyed that ride as much as his companion, for he was rather moody, while her eyes were dancing and her cheeks were glowing when they returned to the station. 'We saw such a beautiful great lily in the middle of the lagoon,' she remarked. 'Why didn't you bring it,' said Miss Atherton from her hammock, smiling into Donald's eyes. 'Oh,' exclaimed Bertha, who did not understand the by-play, ' Don't you know there is no bottom to the lagoon — at least, that's what they say. I know it's very deep. I suppose there is a bottom somewhere or else the water would fall out.' There was a general laugh at Bertha's naieve explanation. 'I mean' she corrected, 'the lilies couldn't grow if there wasn't any.' There was no mistaking Sir Titus' devotion. Evans and his wife were delighted. Donald Macpherson, as a prospective brother-in-law, had been good, but Sir Titus Short was even better. They went, towards evening, to gather quondongs in the scrub, Sir Titus never having seen them grow, expressed a desire to do so. Donald was anxiously waiting an opportunity to speak to his tan talizing sweetheart, but he only snatched time for a few words. ' Alice, give me your answer; you know you promised.' ' Oh, I can't now, they are all around.' But he was not to be put off, and held her tightly. ' When will you then ? tell me,' He| said almost sternly, looking into tUj pretty upturned face. The large eyes laughed mis chievously back. ' I'll say yes when you bring me that big red lily, from the middle of the lagoon,' she answered. 'Don't play with me any more,' he pleaded, ' tell me truly, it is more than play to me.' ' That is my ultimatum,' she re peated, ' bring me the lily and it. is c yes,' until then it is no.' A strange expression came over his face, and he asked very quietly : ' Do you mean that 1 ' ' I mean it,' she replied. ' Very well,' he said, turning away, as . Mrs. Evans and Berthq came upon them, ' I will bring it.' When Donald said good-bye that evening, Bertha Ellis was not to be found ; but no sooner had he left the house paddock than she stepped forward out of the bush. ' I want to speak to you, Donald,'5 she faltered. To her surprise he saw her eyes were red with crying and he dis mounted. 'Why, Bertie, old girl, what's wrong ? ' | 'Oh, Don., I couldn't help it, indeed I couldn't; but I heard what Miss Atherton said about the red lily to-day. Surely you won't go ; don't, please ; it will all come right, I know it will. Don't go to that dreadful place.' ' What will all come right ? ' ' Oh, about Miss Atherton and you. She only is doing it all for fun, because Sir Titus is making so much of her. Just wait until he is gone. You know so many have been drowned there,' and the tears broke out afresh. ' Don't cry, Bertie, old girl. I'll promise you I won't come to any harm.' ' Oh, but I want you to promise you won't try to get the lily. Oh, I do hate Sir Titus. I wish I could get him out of the way.' Donald could not 'forbear a smile, despite his unhappiness and her evident distress. ' I don't see what you can do with him, Bertie. He isn't a little toy, that, you could drop behind the dresser, or lose out in the garden, or anything like that. Besides, after all, it isn't a killing matter. If Miss Atherton prefers the extract of soap I shan't die.' ' Oh, I am sure she likes you best. How could' anybody help it?' said Bertha with simple faith. Donald laughed. ' Everybody doesn't think so much of me as you do, little friend,' he said kindly. Then looking gravely into her grey eyes for a moment he said : ' If it is any consolation for you, dear, I won't get the lily for Miss Atherton.' ' Oh, thank you, Don, I was so wretched. I shouldn't have had a moment's peace if I had thought you would go ; besides,' she added, with more candour than courtesy, 'you never could swim, you know.' The next day Sir Titus departed \ having asked the momentous question, , but very considerately giving Alice' six weeks till he should come again for his answer. But no sooner was he gone with the glamour of his title and his soap money than, realising the difference between the men, Alice | found that her heart was really with the young squatter she treated so badly. But, however, when he came with the lily ho should have a sweet 'yes' waiting, and Sir Titus must have ' no ' But Donald did not come to Bar jcoola bill a month of the six weeks (had passed, when one evening he overtook Bertha just outside the slip (panel. A drooping red lily, with its feet of limp stem, hung over the saddle bow. I Oh, Donald, where have you been lull this time, and where did you get that lily T ' From the very middle of the lagoon.' ' You promised ? ' ' Now, wait a minute,' he inter rupted. ' I promised I wouldn't get the lily for Miss Atherton. Well, I didn't, I got it for you.' ' But I didn't want one. I wouldn't be so mad.' ' Well, you see, ma'am, you made it imperative for me to get one by casting a reflection on my swimming powers.' ' Oh, Donald.' ' Oh, Bertha,' he mimicked ; then seizing her in his arms, to her great astonishment, he said, ' Do you think you could ever love a man, Bertie,' who thought he loved a woman one I week and next week found out he didn't?' No answer. ' Do you think you could if he assured you he knew his own mind this time ? ' Still no answer ; but he could feel the girl trembling in his arms. He found out that he had loved one woman ever since he was a boy ; but, until a month ago, he thought he loved her as a sister. ' Could you ever learn to love him, Bertha ? ' 'I have loved him since I was six,' was the reply, with just a suspicion of tears in her voice. ' Where did you get that red lily ? ' said Miss Atherton half-an-hour later. ' Donald got it for me,' said Bertha, making her escape. Alice looked reproachfully at the tall man before her. ' You didn't get me one.' But she had no further power to move him, and he replied coolly — ' I thought Sir Titus would get you one.' A ghost of a smile played round the pretty mouth. - ' I should like to see him getting it,' she thought to herself, remember ing the knight's avoirdupois. After all, Sir Titus didn't get ' no ; ' but deep down in her heart Lady Short envies the happy couple at Wirra-Wonga, and thinks the biggest mistake of her life is connected with the Red Lagoon. 