PENTECOST SUNDAY. CELEBRATION IN ST. MARY'S CATH& DRAL. SERMON BY CARDINAL MORAN. ; CHARITY TO ALL CHRISTIANS. Yesterday was Pentecost Sunday, and In St. Mary's Cathedral the feast of Our Lady Help of Christians was celebrated. Pontifical High Mass was sung by Bishop Higgins at 11 o'clock, assisted by Fathers Walsh and Heyden. Among tho fath- ers In tho sanctuary wero Monslgnor O'Brien, Archprlest Sheehy, Dean Slafctery, Very Rev. Dr. Carroll. V.G., Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, Very Very Dean Healy, Very Rev. Dr.. Murphy, and the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran. The Cardinal took his text from tho Gospel of tho day, and the main portion of his sermon had reference to tho coming of tho Holy Ghost, and the special gifts Imparted to the Apostles and per petuated In the Church. After describing several of tho gifts, ho said ho would Uko to utter a fow words respecting another gift of tho Holy Ghost to the Apostles — as a special mission to Inculcate In the hearts of men the holy flame of Divine chari ty. As they wero all children of Christ, they muBt lovo one another, and tho wondrous and perfect lovo of Our Saviour must bo our typo of charity, and our model In extending charity to those around us. Ono featuro of this charity was spe cially mentioned; It was that they should extend their charity to thoso not of the Catholic faith. Ono of the most distinguished statesmen of Eng. land in our day had given expression to the senti ment that "to servo Christ and Christianity was tho most heroic deed that man could accomplish In our day." Ho would wish that these words were emblazoned In evory Christian household throughout this fair land. It might seem strango that when ho had spoken of tho love of their holy faith, and of courago In defending it. It might seem strango that he should say they must lovo thoso who were not of tho fold. He did not wish bis words to bo misunderstood. Thoy saw around them those who misrepresented Catholic teachings aud calumniated the Catholic Church, and It wa3 no wonder that thoso educated In the midst of thl3 prejudice should bcllevo these calumnies and wago war against the Church. He, however, should not sav that they waged war against the Church; ho should rather say that they waged war against a phantom falsely set up in the name of the Church. Only a few weeks ago a Protestant Bishop In Eng land. In his charge to his clergy, said that tho Ro man Catholic Church sot the l'opo on a par with tho Blessed Trinity. The smallest Catholic child could havo told tho Bishop that such teaching would ho regarded by Catholics as blasphemy; yet such blasphemies woro set forth by many as If thoy were the truo teachings of tho Church. Had they not among themselves hoard thi3 a thousand times? Had they not been told that they adored the Blessed Virgin; that they gave her the homaga and adoration duo to God alone? Tho Church had repudiated this a thousand times, yet even now, in tho pulpit and in tho press, and from leadors of the Protestant communion, this old calumny was rt'lICdLCU. UUb Wtuau ubMSLiis "Liw v« "»w Church, but on a phantom set up by Its enomies. Thoy should therefore not blamo thoso who wera attacking this phantom, believing It to bo Catholic truth and teaching. Tlicy were really our bro thers in arms, one with us In spirit, and with us were fighting tho battlo of truth and of faith In fighting this phantom; and in doing so they wera really serving the causo of truth and tho Church. Tho people of the Catholic communion should love thom, and should pray that God would send them tho grace to see tho beauty of Catholic truth, and that ho would gather them Into tho fold of tho ono true Shepherd. It was for tills that tho Sovereign Pontiff, Pope Leo XIII., addressed that beautltuL letter to those not of tho faith. He invited them to enter into the reunion of Christendom; ho Invit ed them to learn the teaching of the Church of Christ, and to come to tho true fold to receive tho kiss of peace. Should It not be their prayer during thoso days of Pentecost that Almighty God would bestow His blessings on each and every child of Christ; that he would preserve the Divine truth' In their minds, and glvo them tho courago In their hearts to emulate tho heroism of thoso who had suffered and triumphed for the faith In the past ages of the history of tho Church. Tbey should all pray to God to keep alive In their hearts the flro of Divine charity; they should pray to tho Holy Ghost to descend upon them and glvo to all who boro tho Christian name the grace to know and the strength to serve God; they should pray that God would gather them into His fold, and that alt should become of one faith; that all should receive tho kiss of peace and the promise of Immortal llfa from the great Shepherd of souls. Haydn's Imperial Mass was sung, tho soloists being Mrs, Tierncy, Miss Stafford, Mr. W. P. O'Halloran, Mr. D. Clancy, and Mr. Percy Dates. Mr. J. A. Delancy presided at the organ. 