IPetocttonal Jlapjer. THE CHRISTIAN MINISTER.— THE CHARACTER OF HIS VOCATION. Read by Rev. W. Hancock at the Devotional Meeting held in the Chapter-house in Assembly week. One of the commonest of the difficulties which beset the path of a young clergyman in the work of his ministry is that of finding a subject and a text for his sermon or address. I was relieved of that anxiety and trouble for this occasion by being asked to write a paper on 'The Christian Minister — the Character of his Vocation,' and by being supplied also with a text. That text is to be found in the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles and the 19th verse — ' Serving the Lord with all lowliness of mind' — words which occur in St. Paul's Charge to the Elders of Ephesus. The best comment on them is to be found in the fact that St. Paul was very fond of calling himself in his «pistles the slave or bondservant of Jesus Christ — ' Paul, a slave of Jesus Christ, called to be an Apostle.' The expression would carry with it an added force in those days of ?darkness and cruelty, when slavery was a recognised institution, and many of the Christians were under its yoke. But for us to appreciate the strength of the term, it. is now necessary to ask — ' What is the essence of slavery?' It is to have no free will ; it is to be the pro perty, the possession of, another ; it is the inability to act, or speak, or even think, but at the beck or command or will of another. A dreadful state when, as was often the case, the owner was a weak, passionate, and cruel man, no higher morally than his slave. How then could any man, much less the great Apostle St. Paul, glory in the title and in the fact that he was not his own but another's ? There were two reasons why he could do so. In the first place, because he whose slave he was, was not a weak and fallible man, subject to caprice and passion, but the Son of Man, his Creator and Redeemer, his Lord and God; and in the second place, because his Master's service was not a forced but a voluntary service. He had entered into it willingly. He had entered into it when, at his conversion, he had asked, 'Lord, what wilt Thou have me to do,' and that he had continued in it, and found it perfect freedom, every act of his after life testified. Such, then, is the character of the vocation of the Christian minister. He is the 'bond slave' of Jesus Christ. He has yielded up his will entirely to his Divine Master ; he has ' denied' himself, and his desire is only to think and speak and act at his Master's bidding. It will be my business now to illustrate how that spirit of devotion and self-surrender to Jesus Christ will manifest itself in the minister's . daily life and work. And it has occurred to me that a profitable way of doing so will be to take an ordinary working day from one's life, a page, as it were, from one's diary, and ask how it has been, or should be, filled. A MAN OF PRAYER. When we rise in the morning, we shall all admit, I ain sure, that there is one duty that claims our first attention, and that is the duty of meditation and prayer. We have to see to our own selves, to set our own house in order before we think of attending to the wants of others. Well do I remember two addresses given to the candidates for ordination when I went forward to be ordained a deacon. The first address was on ' What a clergyman should be,' the second on ' What a clergyman should do.' And rightly did the former precede the latter. We have to see first of all, and see every day, to the state in which our own hearts are before we set about our many and some times distracting duties. We must be careful lest at the end of a day's, as our life's, ministry we should have cause to lament ' They made me the keeper of the vineyards ; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.' We must let nothing rob us of this quiet time at the ?beginning of the day. And surely we have the highest motive for guarding it well. For do we not read of our Blessed Master, that, in the midst of jnany pressing calls, ' Rising up a great while before it was day, He went out and departed into a solitary place and there prayed?' And not only must we guard this morning hour well, we ' must see that it is spent in the right way. It is not to be spent so much in mind culture as in sold culture; not in study, but in meditation and prayer. ? It will have its two or three divisions. Some portion of God's Word will be read, then it will be pondered over with a view to extracting its spiritual nectar, and next will follow prayer based upon it. The late Dr. Liddon, in one of his Easter sermons, gives this advice about meditation — ' After saying your morning prayers, open the New.Testament and.ask God. to enable you to realise His presence and to send His Holy Spirit to enlighten and to guide you; and then read two or three verses, a short paragraph, a miracle, a parable, or part of a discourse, as the case may be. Do not think of its grammatical, its historical, its literary aspects, but say — What do these words say to me ? What truth do they teach me ? What fault do they correct, in vie? What effort do they prescribe or encourage for Die? What resolutions do they make necessary for me? The whole exercise need not take up more than ten minutes ; but at the end of a year it will, if regularly practised, have made a great difference in matters which most intimately concern the soul.' The time to be' thus spent will necessarily vary in different cases. I have heard that Dr. Liddon himself was accustomed to rise every morning at four o'clock for the purpose of meditation and prayer. If this we're so, it is easy to recognise the secret and spring of the great spiritual influence which he wielded. Often do the affectionate words of the Bishop who ordained me, as he sent me forth to labour in the vine yard, ring in my ears, 'You will find time for prayer, will you not?' And some of us have learnt that often the only way to find the time is to save it from our beds. Pastor, for the round of toil See the toiling soul is fed ; Shut the chamber, light the oil, Break anil eat the Spirit's bread ; Life to others would'st thou bring ? Live thyself upon thy King. A STUDENT. A clergyman's morning will, as a rule, be at his own disposal to spend in study or in other work as he thinks fit. How shall he employ it ? Let us remember that as the soul needs its daily quiet breathing time, so does the mind require its daily bread. Let us remember the vow that we made when we were admitted to the' order of the Priesthood. In answer to the question of the Bishop, '#Will you be diligent in prayers and in reading of the Holy Scriptures^ and in such studies as help to the knowledge of the same, laying- aside the study of the world and the flesh?' we answered, 'I will endeavour myself so to do, the Lord being my helper.' The clergyman is by calling, then, a student. He will devote a definite proportion of each day to hard study ; it is his duty to his people to do so. 'For their sakes' should be the motto of his as of his Master's life. These are days of specialism. A man though a scholar cannot know everything. If you want medical advice, you naturally go to a duly qualified medical practitioner and shun quacks. If you want legal advice, you go to a trained lawyer. And our people have a right to expect a corresponding qualification in their clergyman. They have a right to expect that he will teach with some sort of authority, and if his utterances do not always command complete acceptance they should at least be such as to win their respect. Of course the clergyman's special study is the Bible ; and as that duty which has no set time for its fulfilment is likely never to be done at all, the work of the day should begin with Bible study — that is to say, we should- always have some book of the Bible in hand, to the study of which the first hour of the day should be given. By reading it, if possible, in the language in which it was written, and with the help of such commentaries as are within our reach, we shall find this not the least absorbing part of our day's work. There is hardly any employment which grows so much on one as this, so that tfroni being at first a discipline it becomes a delight, and we are able to echo the Psalmist's words : ' Lord, what love have I unto Thy law ; all the day long is my study in it.' And while the Bible will necessarily be our chief book, we need not imagine that our ordination vows bind us exclusively to it or to commentaries upon it ; for anything that will help us to know more of God, or of God's voorlcs, such as the text-books of science and philosophy, or of man, such as the writings of the poets, or of the best of the nbvelists, will be sacred. Dean Gotte tells his curates that it was Chas. Lamb's custom to say grace before reading Shakes peare, ana ne reminds tnem tnat tne boundary between the sacred and profane often lies inside us. 'To some readers the Bible is a common book ; to others George Eliot's pages are sacred.' A great deal depends upon the spirit in which we read it. A PROPHET. Having given the first hour of our work to Bible study, it will now be time for us to set about the preparation of our sermon. This, if I may speak from experience, will be the most laborious part of the day's work, and it will probably extend over the greater part, if not the whole, of the week. It will begin, as our day began, with prayer— prayer, first of all, that the Great Inspirer of hearts may enable us to find a subject. We shall then naturally turn to the appointed Lessons, Epistle, Gospel, Psalms for the coming Sunday, and will generally find, that, in answer to bur prayer, some text or subject has been impressed upon us which we may thankfully receive as our Lord's message through us to our people. Carefully and prayerfully continuing the study of it, we shall write down in our note-book all our own thoughts on the subject before we proceed to the study of the ? thoughts of others. This latter work may occupy several hours of several days, until, near the end of the week, we shall find that after much musing the fire has kindled and we are able, after a careful arrangement of our thoughts, ' to strike the sermon off at a heat.' I shall dwell upon this division of our work, because it is in the character of preachers that we are best known, or at any rate most criticised. Week by week our people listen to us, or have the oppor tunity of listening to us, in that capacity. They hear our sermons, but can imagine little or nothing of the cost of production in heart fag and brain-fag to us. The sermon may be plain and unpretentious ; but if it is real, it is a page of our own life's experience. If it is in any sense a message from God, ifc has been begun, continued, and \- ended in prayer. The preacher is in the real sense of the word a prophet— one who speaks for God. Never was a better definition, given of the preacher's vocation than by the false prophet Balaam, ' The word that God putteth in my mouth, that shall I speak.' There are two essentials to the making of a preacher, as Dean Gotte has so well pointed out in his Parish Priest of the Town, por tions of which are an inspiration to me every time I read them, two essentials without which all his knowledge will profit him nothing, and all his eloquence will be 'as a sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal.' They are a knowledge of God and a knowledge of men. He must be in constant and closest communion with God, and come to His people straight from His presence ; for how can he speak of Him he does not know, or how can he describe a land which he has not entered ? What was the sum and substance of the preaching of the first disciples? They went about simply telling a Story, the Story of their Master's life and teaching, His death and resurrection, and of the events which followed upon it. What was the main qualification for the vacant apostleship ? Was it not to have ' companied' with them all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out amongst them ? And is it not so still ? The preacher must speak that he knows, and testify that he has seen. He can only prophesy according to the proportion of his faith. Only in so far as he knows God can he speak of God. And this knowledge of God must be accompanied by a knowledge of men. A recluse could hardly be a preacher, for he would lack the sympathy which is necessary to reach men's hearts. ' A good student1 of human nature, on the other hand, will find stores of theology in the lives of his people ; and it is far better for the preacher to send his hearers away saying — ' Yes, he understands, my case ; he can sympathise with my temptations ; he can appreciate my doubts and difficulties ; he has a message for me,' than praising his eloquence or learning, and thus thinking more of the messenger than the message. The Lord's slave must use prayer and pains if he would be a preacher. For Thy sake, beloved Lord, I will labour in Thy Word ; On the knees in patient prayer, At the desk with studious care, In the pulpit, seeking still, There to utter all Thy will. A PASTOR. A clergyman's afternoon should be spent in his parish. A Church of England minister is above all things a pastor. ' The strength of the English Church has been for years, and is to-day,' says the author of Work in Great Cities, 'her: visiting.' 'A house-going priest makes a Church-going people' has passed into a proverb. Still, to discharge aright this office is not the least difficult of the clergyman's duties. It requires, like every department of his work, a prayerful spirit, regularity, method, and tact. Before we set forth, then, on our afternoon's rounds, let us bow the knee and raise the heart in prayer to God that His grace may prevent and follow us, that He may be with us in our going out and coming in, that His Holy Spirit may direct us in all that we do and say. The object of the pastoral visit should be no less a one than that expressed by Christ Himself in the words — ' I am the Good Shepherd, and know My sheep, and am knoiun of Mine.' In our public ministrations we are dealing with men in the aggregate ;? now we are dealing with them individually. No rules can be laid down to direct our conversation and actions. Above all things we must be natural. We enter each house as a friend, ready to give a sympathetic ear to everything that is said ; ready, if the opportunity presents itself, to speak directly for the Master ; thankful, if we are asked, or if the occasion seems fitting, . to engage in the reading of God's Word and prayer ; but, above all things, avoiding anything like professionalism on such matters, and content to leave, even though we may not have said one direct word upon religion, with the hope that our visit has not been in vain. Nor has it if in any degree we can feel that we have come to know one soul the better. The advantages to be derived by the pastor him self from this intimate contact with his people are manifold. A mutual confidence and attachment is created. As he learns to know them, so do they learn to believe in him. His sermons, unpre tentious as they may be, carry with them greater weight than those of the most eloquent stranger, for ' they know his voice' ; they feel that he is acquainted with their wants, but ' they know not the voice of strangers.' I speak to myself, first of all, as I have been doing all through this paper, when I say that if we are to do the work which is crying to be done for Christ and His Church in our midst, to ' Seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and bind up that which was broken/and strengthen that which was sick,' Ave must set ourselves to the task of prayerfully, methodically, patiently, and hopefully filling the daily round of visitation. ' It's dogged that does it.' Every evening, then, the Pastor will return home, wearied in body, wearied often in heart and head with what he has experienced, 'tired in the Lord's work, but not tired of it,' and yet thankful beneath all to God, who has called him to 'the Work of the Ministry.' . There still remains the Clergyman's evening to be dealt with — his work in the Bible-class, at the -week-night service, in the Young Men's Society, his recreation in his home or in society, and so on ; but the space I have covered reminds me that I must have occupied my allotted time. Suffice it now to say, that if we daily realise that we are the Lord's slaves, our ministry for Him will be characterised by the humility of St. Paul, who said, ' Yet not I but Christ liveth in me' ; by the earnestness expressed in the Apostle's words, ' Serving the Lord with tears and trials which befell me by the plots of the Jews'; by his courage, which shrank not from declaring' anything that was profitable' ; by his diligence, which impelled him to teach both publicly and from house to house; and last, but not least, by all . the absence of place-seeking and self-seeking which characterised him who said, 'Behold I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that' shall befall me there ; save that the Holy Ghost testifieth to me in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.' And so the message of the subject and text which were give me may be summed up in the words — Go, labour on, spend and be spent, Thy joy to do the Father's will ; It is the way the Master trod, Shall not the servant tread it still ? 