%kt W&ztk; The holiday -which commemorated her Majesty's birthday passed off most success fully in bright and beautiful weather. The attendance at the Old Racecourse was con Bidered to be the largest ever seen there, and it is reckoned that about 20,000 spectators were nresent. The amount which went through the totalizator, £18,978, also makes a record for a single day'a work. The occasion was graced by the presence of his Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Mr. Noel Buxton, Miss Mabel Ruxton, and suite. The Adelaide Oval was also well patrouiBed in the afternoon, when the South Adelaide footballers met and defeated the Fort Adelaides. In the morn ing the viceregal levee was held at Government House, and was largely attended. Owing to the temporary non-existence of the South Aus tralian army the customary guard of honor was represented by two police men. In the evening his Excellency the Governor entertained at dinner 74 guests, in cluding his Honor the Chief Justice, the Premier, the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Minister of Education, the Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, Sir E. T. Smith, Sir Charles Todd, the Mayor of Adelaide, the Military Commandant, and the Naval Commandant. This year the two big events of the A.R.C. Birthday fixture fell to father and son. On Saturday Mr. R. Barr Smith won the City Handicap with Mostyn; on Monday Mr. T. E. Barr Smith captured the nioely endowed Birthday Cup with Destiny. Both are true sportsmen who race for the love of the sport, and the public when they want to back their horses do so without hesitation. The mile and a half race was a pretty sight. The 18 horses ?were dispatched from in front of the grand stand, and the day being bright the colors could, with the aid of glasses, be easily distinguished all through. Right from the entrance to the straight Destiny seemed to be running a winning race, as Walker was driving him along as if he meant to make no mistake. The issue seemed, however, to be in doubt when Lake set Lord Grenville going, as the chesnut made a fine run at the leader. Destiny, however, kept the tartan banner in front and won. The opinion of not a few experts is that Lord Grenville would have scored had Lake been able to do justice to Mr. John Crozier's cast-off. Lake had ridden Beruice in the Trial Stakes and when at the post Koran lashed out with his heels and kicked him, and when the lad came in he freely discharged blood. Ho was so ill, the blow having injured him internally, that one or two gentlemen connected with the stable tried to induce him to give up the mount to C. Power, the Melbourne boy. Lake, however, was anxious to Bteer Grenville, feeling confi dent that the chesnut could win. After the Cup he had to be removed to the hospital in a cab. Since the elections several meetings of mem bers of the Opposition have been held. At the latest Mr. William Copley, one of the members for Yorke's Peninsula, was unani mously chosen leader of the party. But before this action was taken Sir John Downer had an nounced his wish to stand aside, although he stated that he was prepared to sacrifice him self and to disregard his own wishes had this course been necessary in the interests of the party. The members of the Calvert Exploring Ex pedition left early on Sunday morning by the steamer Waroonga for Gerald ton, whence they will take train to Mullcwa, and begin their task on June 1. The party is under the leadership of Mr. L. A. Wells, who was second in command of the Slider Expedition, aud consists besides of Messrs. C. F. Wells, G. A. Keavtland, G. L. Jones, with a white assistant, a cook, and an Afghan eameldriver. -They will have some 18 camels for riding and transport, and their task will occupy over a year. The .intention of Mr. A. F. Calvert, who generously supplies the funds, is to complete the work begun by Sir Thomas Elder's expedition of 1891, and to fill up all the remaining blanks on the map of Australia. On Friday week the mem . bers of the party were received by the South Australian branch of the Royal Geographical1 Society, whose president, Mr. Simpson New land, wished them every buccbbs in their arduous undertaking. Sir Chailes Todd and other speakers followed in the same ?train, and Mr. Wells responded in a short and manly speech, promising to have more to ?ay when he returns. Among the minor objects of the expedition is to obtain specimens of the spinifex parrot, a beautiful bird of very ?wift flight, which feeds on the seeds of the desert plant, and has hitherto eluded til efforts at capture. The medical and surgical outfit for the expedition was ?upplied by Messrs. F. J. Eyre & Co., of Ifortb Adelaide and Gawler-place, whose reputation in this branch of their business is » sufficient guarantee as to its excellence. This firm has for several years provided the medicine chests for use by all the leading exploring parties leaving Adelaide, and they possess testimonials of the highest order. Mr. A. C. McDonald, of Melbourne, wired on Friday week to Mr. A. T. Magarey: — ?'President and council Royal Geographical Society wish expedition grand success.' A number of friends and fellow - officers of Messrs. L. A. Wells, C. F. Wells, and Jones went down to Port Adelaide with the party on Saturday evening to wish them fare well. Some speeches were made in the saloon before the last train left for town. . Mr. M. Doswell congratulated the party on their ex cellent equipment, and wished them every success. Mv. L. A. Wells responded, and Mr. A. T. Magarey (the Adelaide representative of Mr. A. Fi Calvert) thanked all the Govern ment officers who had worked so hard to equip the expedition without any delay. The proceedings closed by singing 'God save the Queen.' The Military Commandant is proceeding with the arrangements for the enrolment of men willing to serve under the new regula tions. In addition to Major Harrold, who has accepted the command . of the Active Infan try Battalion, it is understood that both Major Dyke and Captain Cate have accepted their old commands, the former at Glanville fort and the latter that of the machine gun corps. Already these gentlemen are being asked by the old members of the forces whether they can make room for them in their com mands. His Excellency the Governor presided over a meeting of the Executive Council on Wed nesday morning, at which there were present the Premier, the Chief Secretary, the Trea surer, the Minister of Education, and the. clerk of the Council (Mr. L. H. Sholl). Mrs. J. L. Bonython ? was appointed a member of the State Children's Council, and Mr. L. C. E. Gee, the Warden of Goldfields, was made an inspector under the Mining on Private Property Act. Thirty Beven gentlemen, including Messrs. Moody, Carpenter, Roberts, and King O'Malley, the recently- elected members of Parliament, were added to the commission of the peace. Till recently the appointments in con nection with the Adelaide Hospital, with the exception of those of the higher officials, were made by- Cabinet without reference to the Executive Council ; but this practice has been changed. To save any trouble about those who were previously ap pointed the Council on Wednesday morning confirmed and approved of the appointments in the hospital which had been recommended by the board of management. The Minister of Agriculture has received a communication from the Crown Lands De partment of West Australia regarding the stock regulations of that colony. It is stated that some of the more severe regulations relat ing to stock imported from the sister pro vinces have been abated, notably those provid ing for seven days' quarantine for sheep and the dipping of sheep at the port of shipment. A large deputation from Petersburg and the surrounding districts waited on Friday week on the Treasurer, as acting Minister of Mines during Mr. Gillen's absence, to ask that a cyanide plant be erected at Petersburg. It was pointed out that the gold yield of the colony had increased during the past year by 12,000 oz.( and that if the tailings of the north-eastern mines could be profitably treated the industry would receive a great impetus. Mr. Holder said the Government were at present con sidering where would be the most suitable site for erecting cyanide works in the north-east. He allowed that Petersburg had a strong claim owing to its central position, and lie promised a definite decision before many days. The McDouall Stuart memorial committee meeting was held in the Mayor's Parlor on Friday week, Mr. S. Newland presiding. The committee approved a circular which had been prepared by the secretaries for dispatch to the various representatives of the committee in the centres of population, with the ultimate object of securing contributions to the fund. It was resolved to send letters to past Go vernors of the colony stating that they had been appointed vice-presidents., and also to make direct appeals to prominent colonists for assistance. Mr. T. Bee, of Beltana, wrote offering to collect subscriptions, aud suggest ing that subscription-books should be for warded to each of the telegraph - station masters along the overland line. Mr, C. G. Gurr was elected a member of the cotumittee, and The Advertiser reporter at the meeting was also placed upon the committee as the representative of that paper. A number of members of both Houses of the Legislature left Adelaide this week for Oodnadatta for the purpose of obtaining some personal knowledge of -the country. They left Adelaide on Friday morning, reaching Oodnadatta on Sunday night, and will return to Adelaide on the following Thursday even ing. The members of the Victorian Royal Com mission on Mildura arrived by the Melbourne express last Saturday morning and proceeded by the 1L50 train to Morgan. The Commis sion consists of the Hons. A. L. Tucker, M.L.C. (chairman), W. Cooke, M.L.C., S. Fraser, M.L.C., Messrs. W. D. Beasley, M.L.A., J. Bowser, M.L.A., T. Kennedy, M.L.A., and T. Smith, M.L.A., and they are accompanied by Mr. F. Short(secretary), Mr. A. Lincoln (Government shorthand writer), and representatives of the Argus and Age. The object of the Commission is to thoroughly enquire into the working and condition of the settlement, having regard to its future prospects and chancesof success. They will also enquire into the position of the settlers in relation both to the Government and to . Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, and will ascertain how far the conditions of the agreement have, been com plied with as 'regards the irrigation works and other matters. They will more particularly ascertain whether the channels have been bo constructed as to be best adapted to their respective purposes. ? ' A case of especial interest to builders, con tractors, and sub-contractors generally, was decided on appeal in the Supreme Court on Tuesday, and resulted in the reversal of a verdict given by the S.M. sitting at Port Adelaide. This appears to have been an effort made to obtain for a manufacturer and Beller of bricks the right to establish a lien, such as it is possible for a laborer to maintain under the Workmen's Lien Act of 1893. It was thought to establish that labor and the materials enabling the labor to be performed were equally protected, provided both were actually done or used on the land upon which the im provements were .effected. After exhaustive argument it was held, however, that such could not be accepted as the correct reading of the Act, Mr. Justice Bundey remarking that if ~ a manufacturer and seller of bricks can maintain such a hen, why not the timber and iron merchant, the quarryowners, and, say, the manufacturer of railway materials and others? As the learned judge mentioned when deliver ing judgment, if the respondent's case held good in law ' the Workmen's Lien Act' might also be called 'the Merchants' and Tradesmen's Liens Act.' The case of the Treasurer versus the South Australian Brewing Company has been on the Banco list for special argument off and on since December, 1894, and io looked as if it were going to ba retained there ad infinitum. How ever, Mr. J, H. Symon, Q.C., and the Crown Solicitor attended the court on Tuesday, pre pared to argue the question for their respec tive sides, the bench being occupied by his Honor the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boucaut. Mr. Justice Bundey retired from adjudication on the case, as he is in terested as the bondholder of* a de ceased sharnholder. For the Government it was contended that the beer which the Brewing Company manufactured was liable to pay duty under the Beer Act of 1894 on the ground that it was brewed after the- com mencement of the Act. For the defendants it was submitted that when the Beer Act became law the beer over which the dispute was raised had not been 'fined,' and conse quently was not ready for sale or delivery. The Treasurer required that duty should be paid on the articls, and the case on Tuesday was made a test one. The Chief Justice decided against. the plaintiff, for, said he, if the construction of the Act contended for by the Crown Solicitor were correct a small quantity of beer in a brewery at the coming into operation of the Act would be liable to duty, while a large quantity of beer in the cellars of an innkeeper or a private person would be clear of the encumbrance. Mr. Justice Boucaut coincided with his learned colleague, and further said the intention of the Act was not clearly expressed. Judgment was accordingly given for the defendant com pany. Our Mount Barker correspondent writes : — ' The Independent Liberal Party has been formed at Mount Barker, the object being to form a nucleus for the combination of liberal forces, which at present are scattered and dis organised. The -party will have a mission quite apart from that of any existing political body, and wbile.seeking to promote a better feeling between capital and labor, will endeavor to secure legislation of a sound and progressive nature. A large number of mem bers have already been enrolled.' The steamer Alagonia, running in the Ade laide Steamship Company's line, sailed from Port Adelaide on May 22 with a cargo exceed ing in size anything which had previously been sent along the coast. The consignment, which consisted of general merchandise, amounted to nearly 4,000 tons. Of this quantity about half, 14,400 packages, was put on board in Adelaide. Tlie biggest line was timber, which was represented by 4,330 packages. Sugar came next, bulking 2,957 packages, while hard ware and flour took the third and fourth places with 1,864 packages and 1,450 packages respectively. The cargo was well assorted, and very large lines of groceries, kerosine, jams, nieat6, tea, and Bpirits were included, as well as 17 bicycles, 20 bullocks, eleven horses, and 100 sheep. A meeting of shareholders in the Broken Hill South mine was held in the Pirie-street Exchange Arbitration-room on Wednesday afternoon to discuss matters relating to the suggested sale of the mine, and a large number attended. Mr. Rodway, the convener, presided and, having specified the object of the gathering, proceeded to point out that he was going to attend the meeting of the com pany in Melbourne next week and would be willing to operate with proxies for or against the sale of the mine. ' Mr. Rodway is distinctly in favor of the sale of the mine outright, so long as the directors can get a sum which will return not less than ' 30s. per share on the paid-up shares and 2Ss. on the contributing shares, and his observations on this point were applauded. An informal show of hands was taken to indi cate the feeling of the meeting, and by a large majority those present favored a sale. Proxies were signed and handed to Mr. Rodway, who will take them with him to the Melbourne meeting. We are requested to re mind registered shareholders in the company that proxies for the extraordinary meeting, which is to be held on June 3, must be lodged at the office of the company not later than Saturday, the 30th inst. r\rrrAT!\/r- r\ry\t A well - attended meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a new political organisation on liberal lines was held on Thursday evening at the ; Exchange HoteL Representatives from the Mount Barker and Strathalbyn liberal parties 'were present. The speakers urged the necessity of an immediate* start being made, and a strong committee was appointed, with Mr. F. H. Stokes as secretary pro tern., to draw up a platform and report to an adjourned meeting, at which those who sympathise with the movement would be publicly invited to attend. Anyone desirous of acquiring information may secure it by communicating with the secretary. Tlie Premier on Thursday received an inti mation from Sydney that the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr. L. O'Loughlin, ALP., who have been visiting Queensland, are .on their homeward route. They will stop a few days in Melbourne and will reach Adelaide next Wednesday morning. The council of the Adelaide University has not yet arrived at a decision in regard to the nomination of three members of the medical staff as clinical lecturers tor the instruction of students connected with the medical school, although a meeting has been held to consider the matter. Another meeting will take place next week, when the nominations will probably bo made. Subject to the approval of the board of management of the hospital, the names of the gentlemen selected will be sent on to the Government with a recommendation for their appointment. Professor Lowrie returned on Thursday morning from Melbourne, where he attended the intercolonial conference on rust in wheat. The members of the conference were Professor Shelton (Queensland), Dr. Cobb and Messrs. Guthrie and Farrer (New Soutli Wales), Messrs. McAlpine and Hayes (Victoria), and Professor Lowrio (South Australia). They commenced sitting on Thursday, May 21, aud got into committee on the following day, re maining there till the close of the conference on Tuesday night last. It seemed to be the general opinion of the conference that dealing with rust in these colonies is gradually becoming simpler and that there is good reason for believing that the difficulty will ultimately be largely overcome. The conference drew up a long report based on their own actual experience, and they made several valuable recommendations to farmers and also regarding combined Government action. The text of this report is published elsewhere. A number of letters were laid before the conference which had been received by th^ different Governments from foreign countries, in which the work done by the Australian colonies in regard to overcoming the rust difficulty was acknowledged, as was also the fact that they were a long way ahead of any other country in their attempts to cope with it. The members of the Royal Commission appointed by the Victorian Government to enquire into the condition of affairs at Mildura, who passed through Adelaide last Saturday, arrived at their destination on Tuesday evening. 'The journey up the river,' wired the representative of the Mel bourne Argus under Tuesday's date, 'was pleasant, the time being consumed by the members in studying the various reports ou Mildura and fighting for the odd trick. They were met at the coffee palace by Dr. Abramowski, the president of the shire, and the members of the councils and by Mr. J. J. Lever, chairman, of the irrigation trust, with the members of the trust. Mr. Tucker said that the commission's report would be based on evidence, and that it would be for the settlers to make out a case. To-morrow the commission will inspect the various pumping stations, next day the channels, and after that such special portions of the district as Lord Ranfurly'B orangery— which is making a mag nificent show of oranges and lemons at present. Evidence will be afterwards taken. The com mission hopes to leave for Melbourne about Tuesday or Wednesday next, and to arrive on the following Saturday, but unless a steamer is running to Swan Hill the return to Mel bourne will be delayed until the following week.' On Thursday afternoon, at the Local Court, Mr. Commissioner Russell had occasion to make 6ome strong remarks when a case — Schmidt v. Krischke — was called on. The plaintiff did noc appear, end her council inti mated that he could not proceed. In ordering a nonsuit his Honor said a most improper step had been taken in connection with the case. A letter bad been sent to the presiding magistrate by somebody, signing the communication 'A Friend,' written in strong terms of commenda tion of the plaintiff. This was highly improjier, and the court would, if it were per sisted in, or if the court thought it were done with the deliberate intention of influencing its decision, use ite power to prevent that course of action. He warned other persons that they had no right to approach the court, either in person or by letter, and the more strongly that was known by the community the better. The sequel to the Woodsido ghost story, which was published in The C'/iro-ifc'crecently, was enacted in the local Police Court on Thursday. A charge was laid by the police against A. Rudd of unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and he was therefore deemed to be idle and disorderly. Mr. L. von Doussa prosecuted and Mr, R. D. Beresford appeared to defend. The evidence showed that on the night of May 6, while Thomas lleddal, who was ue 'scribed as 'a shoemaker.- and poeV* ' was on his way home he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyan Ceme tery. As it approached him he heard it say, ' Thomas Meddai, I claim you;' He answered, 'Take me, then,' and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost 'closed' with him, and; in the scuffle the sheet was dis arranged, and Meddal identified Rudd. The result of the case was that a fine of 10s. was inflicted, with costs, making £4 6s. which the ghost had to pay for his nocturnal rambling. Circulars have been sent to the. successful candidates at the recent, elections directing their attention to the fact that Parliament ''-? will assemble at noon on June IT 'for the dis patch of public business. In the House of Assembly the swearing- in ceremony will be gone through, and a Speaker and Chairman of Committees elected. The Governor will arrive with his opening speech at 2 o'clock. The active talk of the session will not begin till the following Tuesday, when the motion for the adoption of the Address in Reply will be tabled, but it has not been de cided who will be the mover and the seconder. The alteration in the seating ac commodation of the Legislative. Council will not necessitate much change in the relative positions of members. Mr. Gordon, who was, and Mr. O'Loghlin, who is Chief Secretary, will, it is expected, simply change places. There can be little doubt that the appearance of the Upper House has been much improved by the rearrangement of the benches. The reporters' room, which was on more than one occasion referred to by members as a ' disgrace to the Legislature,' has at last been attended to, the walls having been papered and the woodwork painted. A return prepared by the Collector of Customs and published in this week's Govern- ' ment Gazette shows that during the month of April the Customs receipts amounted ito £57,588 13s. 4d. The principal amount was '- received at Port Adelaide, where the total war £42,506 7s. 5d., while £8,259 14s. was paid into the Adelaide branch. 'It was thought,' says the Border Watch oi May 27, ** that we had heard the last, for a time at all events, of petroleum prospecting in this district. But that is not so. On Thursday last Mr. H. T. Melville, an Adelaide surveyor, came to the Mount on behalf of a wealthy Adelaide syndicate and on Friday drove down to the coast and pegged out four square miles, from the Victorian boundary to Green Point. Operations to test the locality for oil, &c.;, are likely to be made speedily.' A gentleman who does not wish his name made public has just intimated to Mr. Kirkham Evans that he will give £300 to Oiir Boys' Institute new building fund. He had intended leaving it in his will, but afterwards he concluded it would be much better to give it now aud save the duty, besides having the pleasure of seeing the good resulting from i& He expresses a hope that others will follow in his footsteps. The railway revenue for the week wbicb ended on May 23 amounted to £19,250, as against £10,210 for the corresponding period of last year, showing an increase of £3,040. v The Supply and Tender Board received two tenders for the lease of tho refreshment-room at the Mannahill rail way -station, that of Mr. J. G.Terry being the highest. The lease is for either one, two, or three years according to arrangement. '? On Wednesday Mr. J. Bastard, the post and telegraph master at Port Adelaide, left South Australia by the R.M.S. Orient on 'a trip to England. He has been granted six months' leave of absence. The annual meeting of the South Australian branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, which was to have been held on Thursday afternoon, has been postponed until it can be made to coincide with a lecture on Japan which is to be given at a near date by Mr. Noel Buxton. Mr. Henry Lawrence, of Rundle-street, hat been appointed furrier to his Excellency the Governor. Messrs. W. & T. Rhodes have been ap pointed ironmongers to his Excellency the Governor. Mr. L. Isaacs, of King William-street, has received the appointment of tobacconist to his Excellency the Governor. . .' We ha ve been shown a copy of the official . newspaper of the Cosine settlement in New Australia, Paraguay, the colony founded by .; Mr. Lane on communistic principles some time ago. The paper, which was taken off a chromograph, was printed on a sheet of ordi nary notepaper. It gave a bulletin of the . -?? health of the settlers, a bulletin of the eon- '*? dition of the herds aud crops, the populace, -v the schools, amusements, and current labors - - and pastimes, as well as a financial statement. ) The following, taken from the Birmingham Daily Post, jaa specimen of the wonderful paragraphs which somehow find their way into ' ?' the English papers for the edification of confid- , ? ing investors: — 'Some marvellous crushinga are reported from the Little Wonder mine in the Ooolgardie district. The first crushing; waa ' '?: half a ton from the surface and yielded - '4 970 oz., 8 cwt taken from the 70-ft. level gave 'A 423 oz., from the 90-ft. level 23 cwt. returned ^ 1,310 oz., and the last lot* which came from ,-% the IGO-ft level, gave 250 oz. from 48 cwt.' '-S? 