A. KOMANCE _OF 'MAORILAND. (corra0nrrT.) ON THE WAIKATO, AT'IA IV'ESTI3URY. CHAIPTR'I'I V.-CoSirINIUED. The aog stood watching tire as I tried first the door anid then the win dow, to gain admittance. Going fur. ther round to an angle of the building, where there had recently been added an additional room, I discovered that the small window therein yielded to tmy hand. It was what is known as a cottage window and very small, but,? after much tribulation, I managed to squccze lily body through it and found myself in a roomtt as dark as Hades. I carefully groped about mine, not wishing to give any needless alarm. I could distinctly hear some one snoring soundly, the noise being a good imnita =tivo-uf wherIy -ti' uotes- of it-Fs-eiich 'horn: Guided by tile sound, 1. laid lily hand on a plumIp form slumberijng peacefully on a stumlp bedstead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. Itt an instant the snoring ceased,giving place to a girl's voice, that called out in accents of alarm, but with an uonlis. takablo northern fa/is : " \\\'hat thie dee's that ?", " Hush, my girl! It's only-" "Wha are ye ?" she cried, sitting bolt uptight and stretching forth her arms. " Is it a glnaist that touched tme? Th'le Iord save us a:nd bless us! it's no cannly to lie haunted," she mut tered, in a lower licy and with trembl ing lips. 1 amt not a ghost," I returned, in a reassuring tone. Ilave you matches' and candle handy ?" "Hatches? \What gars ye speak of inatches? 'lak yersel awa." If tily life had been at stake I could not have held in the hearty guffaw that escaped tme like at rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. " Alt, it's a poor gate when ane meets auld Cloutie !" she cried, beginning to sob. "B lesscd saints, save tte fionl the unco wain !" lly laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland began to bark. " Ily good woman, don't you hear that I ant only a tman ?-a being of flesh and blood, like yourself ?" 1 an swered, giving her another shake. " A man !" she ejaculated, in quite another tone of voice. " I low dare you comne in a decent lassie's room at this time of nicht ? I low dare you do it?" " Listen to tile for a minute." "I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie," she responded quicl.ly. "Shamie on E,ýý yO'i"' n, _? to.. co i i | a , llg rac? ol o ? rooil vilhcrn all thie test o tile hoise art: sleeping." " Confound it! Will you listen to tmte while I explain ?" ";Gang awa wi ye the samile way ye cant, or I'll rouse the captain," she cried, sharply, raising her voice to a higher pitch. " Comte, march, out ye go through tie window." "\Which is Captain Ilcyvwood's room ?" "Which? Alh! ye would be at Inutrder you villain ?" she answered, fumbling for the caindlestick. "My dear mnadam, believe ume I " )ott't lash yoursel', iotin, with sweet words," replied itmy invisible coim panion. " Keep your blatney to cool your porridge. I'm no your dear mladam, ye ugly loon; tatl not to be hanmboozled by fair blather. Ito ye think I don't ken ye, .laister IUavie ]rock? Although ye are trying to change your voice I ken ye, my lad ! And what's more, I'll tell the captain what a false carle ye are, if I live to see the tmortn I" The welcomte greeting of a match struck my car as she concluded and in stantly the room was illumined. " W\\\hy, yot are no Davie, after a'!" sithe cried, gazing at lily blood-stained face and torn habiliments in atnaze" ilietit. " Certainly not, I replied, gravely. " If you Itad only condescended to listen to me for a mtomntot 1 would have explained tily being here ait tils . hour." "Oh, you would, cll ? W\ell, what do ye want ?" eyeing nte suspici. ously, ' ", I have anl itmpol tant comnmunication to ttake to Captain Ileywood without delay," " (;aing to tile iut o' the mllen yonlder and ;ee the Captain' in tile morning,,' she said. " I ItiS see lirin at once." " Ye Iust '" "1 tnust 1" " Aweel, theI, gang and see hint antd, I say, have tie mtanners to close tile window after ye." A brave, Iitwtrry wench, th?s, with a rotund, fair face, big, ilnliest eyes aitd anrlln as stlilt iultid iutiscutlar ais a vil. Inge ihlackrntith, lit It go hIlto the wil derttess it io.ipartnershit with some yottung isti hardy settler to l hew out of thre ilitnitive chants a holne aud fur tulie for her progelty'. I obljected to tlullie Ity)' eCit thruighI tihe whtdon' nrnd Ibegged thiat lshe woulit awakesl iCaptalll ley'twood, ars ity) il. forlratlion concerlled thie s;fuly of tihe " I cantit go IUto tile Itaister in tlly Sahrk I" slle cliicdt , i soi elll cifnllsion. (lalng out it tin window for Jast Iwo Inlinulteralle d lien I'll i be rcaady to du your bidding." I wtli outt of Ihe winldow in 1 c,teck, and wats hulnttly atfteratalds Jinield Iry tny maIlld, who withnout Iniri trtlmo cln Ina to IroutrIl to it sile dour and illng it bell. P'rrsettly' a Ihead tas th ittl Inlth with an olrsltihsitinedc nirhtcnap titrrunurt, ollm one nof the ulninssown, ' \V t's tihe smtutter ?" ':ill'ed in vohnl resIutmblalng tlihe lhrp ltgrtlln of a hitand. niw oi a nialk, " Trest's a Imal W;'antls to speak wi )ye, sir. p'.u ticul.r business " "'tell tht: ttan to go to - Jcti. cho!" responded the voice atd the hlead and nightcap disappneared; but in a tnotent a tall, thin ligure ermtrged round the corner of the ver audah, clad scantily and hearing in his hand a candle. I suggested that thie maid should re tire, as what I had to say was quite confidenltial, whereupon the captain (for it was lhe) held the light above his head and took a critical survey of may lout ensemble, " I'll take your figure head for your honesty, but, as for the rest of you, Itang tle, you seenl to have experi enced rough weather," he said coolly. "I'm an old sea dog and not to be bamboozled by humbug, Now, what d'ye want ?" 1 told my errand in twenty words, but not before the girl had retired. " 'hew 1" whistled thq mariner; "is the wind in that quarter ? - Vell, I'll contrive the dogs a warnt reception when they do come. How many did you say there were ?" "About fifty, Captain Heywood, as neat as I could calculate." "1IHumph I ratler long odds. Never mind, sir, colne ill." 1 followed him through a pairof fold ing doors into a well-carpneted and lofty apartment, furnished most luxuriously. Ily the soft light of a costly bronze latmp which tlhe captain lit, I saw that no vulgar taste had suggested the fur niture and belongings of this apart. ment. From the thick maroon cur. tains to the soft, delicate-tinted paper on the walls, there was exquisite har mony, blended with artistic design. Nothing loud or showy check by jowl with ratre brc.a.r-rac here. I have known people with mtore ltoney thanl taste lnake a furniture mtart of their homnes. Otlers, again, who had abundant taste and very little money, have managed to make home comfortablec and even elegant. In this apartlment there was wealth and ele gance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared to be a hardy son of Neptlune, verging oil fifty five and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade tme be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a per sottal account of Inyself as to how I becatme be-nighted in the nlanaka hills on the Waikato. 'lhe request scented reasonable and I gratified himt, just totuching so much of tny history as merged into the ques. tion at issue. " And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say ?" " Yes; here is my card." "Card !" he echoed in surprise;" do you carry cards ?" "Certainly, Captaii Ileywood." ' " Oflco urI nllo--otrhnce;^.n yslad."t "L.eigh-L?eigh?" he repeated to himself. " Leigh ? I know that name well enough. Whlat piart of the old country do you hail fromt ?" "A little township called Tetley, in Iincolnshire," I replied, smiling. "'The devil!" cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet. "No, sir, I said Tetley," cried I, laughing. "So you did, tay lad. Why, hang me, I was born withtin three miles of it," ejaculated the old fellow, with tiucll entergy. "I knew a Colonel I.eigh who lost an artm at the battle of Waterloo. I Ic lived in all old tumblcd down ruin called ' The Pillars,! abhout half-a- mile out of 'etley." "The colonel was ltmy grandfather, Captain Hecywood. 1 was born like my faither before me-at ' TIhe 'Pil tars.'" ' " You don't say so! Give tle your fin, any boy. I lfang tme, I'm glad to meet you," Ihe cried, with genuine plea sure beaming froml his eyes. " Lord love you, I've stolen many a tonl of apples out of the old colonel's garden when 1 was a younker. And what a terror hae was to gipsies and tramtps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice: Why, I remetmber hint as well as if I'd only left tile old country yesterday, and I've been on the \'aikato these twenty years." Once started on the topic of his hbithplace, the captain went on for over an houar with rapid questions relative to men and events which had passed into oblivion before I was born., It was useless for mte to remind hint of the pressing danger which lhung over Fern Cliff. Not until grey dawn began to peep in at the window did he desists Then he kindly led tite to a spal?e bed rouomt, and placing a decent suait of tweed at tmy dispjosal, begged use to llake is house amy homte ur run away out of the threatened tldanger, its I pleased. CIIAP'TlERl VI, My ohemttiat life Ihad anlost ulb. Iterated tire Ittent ideas of luxury and cotafott froti my thoughts. The sight raf a wellttrtrat?eh d atnat tineat , With all its coty aI) aenatlages to staothe thie Iheairt ttaltd intd and invite aleep were btefore taty eyes. li any boyhood dal.s jast such an otlter Itooln was titlte itt I The 'ltIt'll 'rs, of whsait the rainttIn had tiohen. lierr were the Iatat catllut, ill color to snasth the thick, clrte c rhtintti that shttta out tie ctld witads and thIe black. tlatt of Igt Ihere I tile easy :lhair and sllppeia anatl the itviting bed, withl its cotetlletl of tilick whitu satin, its soaft italtbliI: shlels and a the tianty a i' llowala Iarderedr waith costly lace. EIvn In aay faItlgued istate af botdy and with iay uttltd (full of the tlatger lohulhag over tie catltalan's domalcflt, tty thtoughtsll ran ilot LIt wantlon liberty of rtage. I lllh, hlhtint, the (Conltlnent of ?lrolto land Inack to tihe olhl ruitl of Colonel leigh In ,lncolnhulire,. W\'skiing atll firom taty ravcle, Illay gazt etttllnttleted a fIce lookllg doava at tha frolmlt tie olposllto wall, It was onaily a plotogranph or cEayut ndaIlehItiln the head and bust of a young girl; but the picture seemed "endowed with liv ing, breathing life. I have seen faces on canvas that words cannot describe. So on the moving panoralma of walk ing humlanity that passes across one's vision have I beheld faces which asn artist could not Iportray. The coun. tenance before me was not strictly beautiful. There are certain "beauty wonollnl," as there are certain "beauty mncn," in whose features one detects lno fallt-who are the show.-igutres of ally party or asselmbly in which they appear -but who, somle hlow, inspire no sen tilnsct and excite no interest; they lack some exliression, whether of mind or of soul or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is ibut a lovely picture. Yet the picture here reversed this order of things.. 'lake the featulres singly, and they were by no mneans perfect, nor were they s;et off by ally brilliancy of coloring. But the lace aroused and impressed the itnagina tion with a belief in the purity and lov linless of virgin womalna-wonian un tempted and untainted, either by the follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a sinple, luxuriant knob behind the snlai cars, together with the pale olive complexion, were cer. tainly not 'English ; but the dark blue, lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mouth, and the smooth white brow, were unmlistak able characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. Th's luxury of a bath nolnowhalt eomll pensated for any want of rest. I felt in. vigorated noad ready again fur ally enosr genuy. It was broad daylight low. I drew aside the curtaine, opuned the wian dow and looked forth. A bright, beauti ful morning, with the onns just beginning to gild the topmost peak of iMouult 'Tarrana far away on the distanlt Ilorizot. Below, the rich valley, prolilic with life and beauty. As say gatzc wandered over the distanlt rangeu, I beslalle awlare of al olject slowly nmoving Ialollg betweenle le trees.' Waiting and watching, I saw that it was a body of aanaa-arnudl aaean-)haoris, in fact. ly firstthougllt auggestudTel Iuri ; hbut nlo, asl tlhey ai)proua.ced nearer, I recog Ilieod Itawi iand lily cOasllllnsillans of thll previus lday's I hunt. 'TIle youilg chief mlilt malarcheld at the lheall of his noil Iand near him ait P'akha, whollm I hial iever ueua before. \V'iile I stood wailotlleng their Utpr'oach,Ua'ptain I leywood entured, iarmed to the teeth. " iGood mIornilg P' lien cried. " Illoss eno, youe look Illore aship- shape sow. I auee you hIave resogliaud the kingllus allproaching. It's all right ; there will be no eIClillnlllago after ail. " lHow did yuri liiind mleansl to comnlllu nicatu iwith Isewi "' I euslieed, ill sur prisu. "All chance, lily lad," ihe relplied, seatilng himsnnolf. " .Uhlanco dal lloure for -5,1bu.llllh llto. Ihll Ili buonltlta htl. iis iJ AMy oversueer, a shlrowd fellow, who kllourw his way about tha Waikatoa as well a Illnat Illu oulst hLere, vrUllteeraed to Cg, to the ssltlels'int of thlen king for aid. lIe lreloposed taking a hllurt cut over Iiue range, which las evidently led hilml ilnto tile anrls of Ituoi and Il I hunting patl'y, wile, I ace, are returninag witrll "'l'ieli the To Hari will not alsow light l" "Not a bit of it," ho aswlueredl, l.sulh. ing. "The ll?uri banditti ulre tao eteu fill to iaszard ia light with assythisg like eqsual lnumibers. It i only tlhe defelulca loes atwhsoll they hliav the turlority Ito sattackle. Ilut, by Juplitur ! they w, ula hanrv found tsalph lleywuud a inatch for sonIU of thlem." At thle cap.lisi'sl s?iuggestionl, I weint witl hilim to lost the wairriors. Ilttl i expllreooad hiiself dulightld to ia lle iu safe nlld well. Miile lhst, withoulllt IIire ado, marched thIe whole brigaidu illat al large shed ; and, baai\'ng ordered lbrealk. fast for thiolll, cuducttld uno rounld the promlises. I begain to feel very hunlgry ure we lad guoie the ruund of tile stables, thle graial Ory, orchlardl, IaIIun's balle snild cOllnervatllrv of plalnts, &o.;, by lwhicl tle. lllaace wass fringed. " I have It f fw friendsla staLying wnh siu at lpresunt is the house to whimli I shall be 1haplpy to introduce youI, lily laid," h saidl, llinking his arm in suino aud leading the wiay to the breakfast Ilarlor. " In Illy exlerioneu." lIo Ollntinuedl, " e l awlilve found it bad policy to get ulp l scare withlout urgent nlecesaiy. Now, I lnoted oil I111 plall l in the Ipresnt iitatiaee tllerefuro, tlhose lire eroval or uight plopalu you will molt illn aO fe Illinltes who have Iolt lth fsilllcast idea of how nleulr they weru tlo Ia bullet or a lMaori tolmahawk." " Yo ateled winely, sir," "Of course," answereod Ie drily. " Now, tu give you so01O idea Uo thile folks you will ueot-lirstl, thore o s ily girl Nix," "That's theo iaid ?" "Mahl iNo, aly dauighter. I call her' Nix' becauae whenl shn wass a wee tuoddlellr sle coinld laeser Irsllrlllllcu c llelas (whih, lay thn way, la her iasnse), bluii ulsly Nix, Next sias the list is ai Iluigh. bla of niiliu , aI wilowl , faiir, lilt lalld ll rly, slild who i aalu Ilstll lreIs of allle at o the lie.I eulst ledaa hotwueu Ilhhl iaid .iukhlsIalll, isu will so duiibl, find las. Bhlak a very fascohhblsag WOllliiU sat, yislir esar, iliy, bowsare of lsrr, aisatts all. Na,. threla is the lies. Jaliiash Ilklhh, uhe Iliiaust athletu Iu Nuw Kuolallllal, bIsII a grai;lal 'lialU folr ai' t If:i. I a is )'allnaru iauy alaiil sat higi stiok yuu sissy nasika lisau your osworii frienal il hlalf ua hoIlur. Thile lourtlh Ilerausnage I Mlasjor Ilall, :tf hlo ,\ucklahid Iillus, 'I'llu gulililt ialsaoar is aIl gualualiaiaasaa' lie thillki he hi, whmih ia al1 the isainn, lie ai sarls ala eyuglhns ainil Ihlas lilte aIy hard Ih1ina drelary, Th'l lherlueo Is I'rlufelur Sleal. Illiis iravlllisg Ils eilerl ofl tha issilhig lislk, whlluh lu trllasill t Ilaa auiogslt thIs \Valkatu tolibes if' tlheu Malrla, ir poier, tlllllo sllae IuUlwha II 0res' hoiasaoU HeVesltll, J)Iu 'Irel'oill l aily liousaeokepOr I iaia slast but bly use oiiasissa leasitl sal Vhieir Ihis lalesi, say dsaighlslor'i harnoephsia ii IFraelll, IInuii of tlhe old InhioIl ndl, I allly ddii all uddlily lu hih d'I ' , "Qilits a taslaty os tulait, J In ?ias lly sIdh,-.°*** alii Co~laittsulh IV 4 