if FROM YESTERDAY'S LATE EDITIONS. NEWS AND NOTES Kucla Is bad lu the duplex ngnln to day. South AiiBtrnlian Hide ull right; but the West shaky ngnln. "Huh the Government a substantial existence?" naked Mr Murrav Smith this nftornoon; "or nre they a committee to carry out the wishes of the majority of tho House?" The City Coroner says that "pushes" of larrikins should be put down by the severent possible measures. Everyone wlil agree with Dr. Youl In. this. But why Is it not done ? Ask a policeman. : Burglars broke into Mm City of Syd ney Bank at Auburn. N.S.W., Infit night, nnd -tried to force the safe, but failed. Got only n few shillings. Expressed their dfra- ppoinlmcnt by setting Are to the manager's room. The Legislative Assembly this after noon, at the instance of tho Govern ment; decided to disagree with the amendments made by the Couucll In the Railway Management Bill. The measure was returned to the Council with a message to -that effect. An extraordinary defence set up Cur ing the Tnxirtug of n, "tor door" case at FiLzroy .this afternoon. Two consta bles swore tiuit tirey sa/w a man In the tor, wlien looking through a slide win dow. Tlrfs was termed an optical delu- slon— othorwlsen shadow; or, tm a mag- krtmte jwit IL it ghost. Mr Candler, District Coroner, bold an InqtHHt on tl»e tody of the young wo- Wiiwlsor on Tuesday night under what were suppoHtnl 1o be susphHmis circtini- KtimeeH. Tlie i>ofit-morteni examination however, »Ik»W(h1 that tlendi was due to natural causes. Verdict according ly. . Tlte rcsohrtaons arrived at by tiro con ference < tilled by the And-Sweat1ng League, and held Inst evening nt tho Tempenince Hail, In connection with the Fa<'lorjcs and Shops Kill, were sub- inititcsl to the Chief Secretary at Parlia ment House Mils nftornoon, try n. sut>- <v>minltteo, emislsMng of Messrs II. II. Otiamplon ami Meadows. Hon I'ulszky luts suffered Mm Indig nity of a rrest, at Budtt Pest., the Hunga rian capital, sontelxxly having alleged that he isn't, honest. Mein Herr Is the director of Lite local National Gallery, and the allegation Is that in financing tho ptrrchase of pictures It wns one for tho Gallery and one for himself also, A vulgar charge of fraud has been pre ferred. Abdul IlamUl lias granted some mea sures of reform. lie does away with the fanning tithe, and that relief nt least wlllbenppvccinted. Then Christian Mud Irs are to to appointed in Mace donia, Mudlrsnrb all very well In their way, but the real tosses are the Vails, or district Governors, nnd while they are Turks we do not hope much for tto Christians over whom they rttle. There seems to he quite a procession of young women passing over Ynrra bridges In search of death in the river. This nftornoon some heartbroken crea ture mounted the parapet of the Haw thorn Bridge, and after a brief contemplation, nnd possibly a : few brief minuter spent in prayer, cast, herself down. There was a short strug gle In tho water, then Iter earthly affairs troubled her no more. Her body, which was recovered soon nfter, has been taken -to the Morgue for Iden tification. There Is trouble at that seat of mili tary activity, the 'Cliff. Music no longer soothes the dwellers at the gate of tho colony, that' Is, not high- class military music; for the Artillery Kami Is "seen no more In Its place, neither does Its place know It any more. " In fact, there has l>eon what vulgar folks call a row, what military |>cople talk of ns mutiny. Last Mine tho band came out to charm the 'Cliff folks behold each man played his own tune. Never slneo the historic hundred pipers did their famous business with the wind-bags was such a din heard either In tto heavens above, on tho earth tolow, or lit the waters under the earth. There is tin Impression that to it wnsduotheviKtt of the meteorite which Dr .Malcolm- son saw at Frankston, but we refuse to be lured into details on that bend. The players were disbanded, and are now sadly doing fatigue duty at the out-forts, far from ttie joys of Queens- cliff ! More than that, a tight pull has been taken uimn the corps reins, nnd the warlike mind Is tilled with gnll ntul uncbarltablenesH. Dear, dear I 