Ä GHOST. ÖN A BIKE. Scorelíín^on a Phantom Wheel. A GHOST mounted on a bicycle is the latest arrival ,at Woodsbnrg, Long Island. It made its appearance several weeks ago, mounted on a phantom wheel and wearing a winding sheet in lieu of a bicycle suit. It has been seen every night since then scorching over fields and through woods with the loose ends of the winding Bhest flapping in the wind. With a hideous grin it wheels along, spread- ing terror from -one village, to, another. A pale light shines from its hollow-eye Bockets, while the ghastly visage bears the stamp of death. Whether it is; a ghost, of, a new woman who died befóte her.;.time, or the uneasy spirittif some old-time bicyclist, is yetto be determined. But there's a committee of j hardy spirits belonging to the Owl Club, a j swell organisation in Woodsburg, which proposes going gunning for his or her ghostship. Four members of the Owl Club first encountered the phantom while on their way to Woodsbnrg from Valley Stream. They were William M'Donald, Wright Hewlett, Lee Moore, and E.- L. Carroll.. It was a little before midnight when they left Valley Stream and started afoot for the Owl Club. Midway between Fenhurst and Woods- bnrg they were surprised to hear the tinkle of a bicycle bell behind them. As they turned to look, a figuro mounted on a white wheel swept silently by them like a flash of Tght. It cavorted about in tho rough road- way, cut a figure 8, then sailed gracefully over a fence, and went skimming along over a newly-ploughed field and disappeared in a patch of woods. The clubmen Btood aghast, and they clutched one another in horror. No one had ventured to speak. When the figure disappeared in the woods they ner- vously resumed. their journey toward the club, and in a few minutes had partly re- gained their courage, and began chiding one another for being afraid of a shad JW. From friendly chaff they . went to heated personalities, which were suddenly inter- rupted by the faint tinkle of a bell in the road ahead. The discussion was brought to an end in an instant. There, in the open road, ' waa the phantom car I cutting great capers. The rider seemed to sail around in the air, leaving a wake of blue flame. At length the ghostly rider headed for the terror-stricken group. They fled, shrieking with terror. It was voted that something must be done to either run donn and capture the appari- tion or drive it to other haunts. With this purpose in view the members have brought their guns to the club-house and laid in a big supply of ammunition. They now pro- pose to hunt tho ghost with powder and shot. Mr. Carroll says his whiskers have turned grey in spots through fright, while other members say they are no' longer able to keop their hair curled, as the mere mention of the ghost is sufficient to take the*curl ont of the hair of any club member. The general decision is that the ghost must be suppressed, and unless the phantom bicyclist is shot-proof it had better go out of business. 