FOR THE PEOPLE. IMPOBTANT FOB COUNTBY READERS. John Hatnes, M.P., in (Yagga Expbess It is net a very difficnlt thing to prove that the Land Tax is a big boon to conn- try people, farmers, squatters and busi ness uien. In noint of f«c\ 'he passing ol t»s measure ot direct taxation was the fiisi Elena victory ot the country districts over iht- rich metropolis of Sydney, which for many yea-a has ruled tbe poli ical roost in New Sonth Wales. . Jn dealing with the matter on ,tbe platform I have always, in the very first place, arked any of the opponents of 'he land tax to explain : why land in the country distric s is, after all the years of toil end labor upon it, worth only about £1 per acre, while land in the city, without any t-il or expen- diture on the part of tbe lucky owner, was worth np to £2030 per fu->t. (In some parte of George street £3000 per foot would be refused.) I have never been answered adversely, for there was only one explanation, namely, lliat tbe vast values of Sydney ci y properties were given by pnblic expe dilure of tbe people's money ; that, as the expenditure of the public money was c-nlred in Sydney, all lucky old owners of Sydnry property had to do was to -it down and let the needs of the community rueh up the - alius. Be- cently some heirs of an old family sold a portion of ' their —tare in Sydney at tbe rate of £1,200,000 per acre, and there are scores ofins'ances wh-re the lncky owners draw at 'he rote of £52 per fool rental per year, on 21 year leeeee, with the covenant iliatthe occupier must hbil-I «t hiB own" expense. Let anyone consider the reverse ' picture of the inland firmer or landowner. He goes on slavinz, and when his hair ia grey and his b >ck doubled with toil, he finds his laud of the same value as when he started- All the time, -under tbe old system of f eetrade and protection, he has bt en paying taxes to make np the annnal revenue end pay in' crest on loans expen ded for the most part to enrich the city man's Ln I. To balance all this, the libe al politician has fought to bring about a direct tax on land values. Thus the farm- r gels back the money sc-ewed out of him by the powers in Sydney — fer a univeisa! 1 -nd tax means that a man in She country district pays one penny in ths £ on land worth £3000 per foot. The uuuutij t'tntxiUDO uinuc uutjj uunr « laud t x forc -s the city to make the ooun> try, I find that one man alone in Sydney a typed land .monopolist, will pay us much te the r < enn "as an entire county. This uj n piwi asly went scot free while hi> forinne w&s; evciy < y increased. tn" land millionaire and his scouts. IVop.e icali is nd rsHtCthg on the above facts will immediately understand u" y .he lil er 1- in the Sydney Parliament b . e fought s > vehemently for a land tux, an-; ill y n ill al.-o quickly see why certain p -lit'ciana (in leune ivi'h the rich land tnouop-di-t ) are rc -tiring the country, menu.. «hre lamentations oVrr the -fate of the " pcor farmer" under land tax. Td-se g ntry ne' er n.-y a word as to how tb 1 Hid h-ia put the rich city mm on the gri 1. N ; that fact ie kep in the dark. Th -y e-rive to al-rm the 1'a-mer, or the c untiy laud -uner ; they shriek for him, tli y shake for him. «ndfi;h- for him, but it i-: the big inau of the city or the rich h il lere of uncultivated lands on our river it - t ailu-ay fron'ages who 11 the time fi >d the needful f«r tbe scheming. The t-x ie p' rating in the ronntiy a« in the c-'y. Where splendid lauds on our rivers a id rai roads, as on Sydney streets, have li < n he -i f r rising values the land tax c -rnp- Is the n to look round far l ayers or te an s. No lougir are the tenants in search of 1 . ndloi ds. Tbe landlords are in a- rch of t -nanta, and the pnblic for tbe fir- timae-e put in the way ef getting cood h nd n ar re water, train, town or ma ketata fair figore. Soon, when a mm co s to a con-.'ry town he will not ue d rvic- b of a blaekti acker to find Hie fa-xne- "fchom. - Hn, ti wtl he hear rain, t-wn or market." Bnt abOTe all, the m-iropolis of Sydney will pay hun dred a of thousands te the general revenue for r- ad m iking and l-ridge building in land. All thieuork is embraced in tbe pol-ct' of decen raii—tion — that policy winch I pn before the people first at Mndgre in 1867, and ever since kept to t'-o f out until in 1 st session of Parlia ment, we scored for it a great and lasting victory. THE GHOST THAT STABTLED THE FAUMER- 1'he splendid old gh"Et that has long d«ne duty for <he rich monopolist in start ling the fa-m r is the ghost of f: eetrade. And now when the " poor farmer" is b<-ing blundered (as they say) by a land tax, the f-meus ghost has been white washed and trotlel out again. Say the scouts of (he big man — " You've gone and taxed onr lands and now you've >aken off the duties end let in tbe foreigner to compete with us," their object being, of cOu-se, to get the fanner to vote down laud lax and vote up protectionist taxes. Bat the fsct is our farmers are kept in beggary so long as tbey ere prevented from trading wiih the world, and trading between na ions is done only by exchange of goo Ie. If we hnt out goods from abroad, there is a corresponding decline in the purclias- of <mr goods or products There is no snch thing as sending money out of the conotry, exc- pt, of course, wber i excessive protection prevents exchange and exportation. For instance, in New South Wales twenty years ago, we had about 8,000,000 of money coined for the nse of the people, bnt though we have imported millions worth of goods, and sold millions' worth since then, there is only about the sum amount of money in the country. No more is required Now and again some tbotmands of sovereigns are sent out from Sydney to London, bnt moBt of it is Queensland gold minted in Sydney, and the balance, a few thonsands, goes to square up transactions between ns and tbe outride world, and which trans actions amonnt to many millions sterling. We all n member tbe old ghost's cry, "Let us bare protection and keep the money in the country." Th- re never was any money going ont of the country. It wasrenly acho-lb -y talk. The only'ooun- jttji, which has to send tooney out heavily tectionist Victoria, A FEW GENERAL ITEMS. The Dimhoula cor espend-nt ef the Melbourne Argus writes ; — Emigration to New. South Wales etill continues, and since xne Beginning ot tne y-ar a taige number of the farmers resi ling between here and tbe border have left. Oo Wed- ntrday no fewer than six teams, represen ting four families, passed through here from Kiata en route for ths mother colony taking a quantity of machinery and a large number of horses." So it seems that protection is making exiles of tile Victorian fartneis. In New Sonth Wales daring the lsst five months nearly 3000 new homesteads have been established ; and 1,350,999 acres taken up for occupation apd cultiva tion in small areaB. ; 'r-jf"";. ' What are»oln ion there ban been in politics to New South Wales iu three years. In .1893 Sir Henry Parkea was King, and Sir George Dibbs was heir apparent. Now the former is an unknown, quantity in politics, and theiatier is in -rjnvernment. billot. ; . An old Scotch ccnple, residing ait Wel lington, recently went round -the colonies on a sea trip for health. Tbey started from Sydney. Tbey visited New Z -island Hobart, Melbourne and Adelaide. After leaving Sydney, and "us tey entered each harbour,' fhe old JVdy asked "i Where's the shipping 2" and jjfien. tpey surged .thai they saw mure shipping in one pertion alone of Sydney Harbuny ihan they had seen in all the other ports pat together;- There is only one. meaning to.tbiB.: A from internal collapse. ShipB trade to a oonntiy only when they are sure of return cargoes. 