Kingswood Chace. He remcnmbrcd that Eldra had spoken of the archivcs of the Kinguswood family. He felt it would be important to him to make I i.nselfmaster of them, and the incitement to visit the old libra.y, in which she stated they were kept, sas Ihtls incleased. Provided with a lamp, he believed that he could, in the dead hour of the night, roam the old library at will, could search for the volumecs he was anxious to examine, and when he had extrac. ted all the information they could afford him, he could then retinu to the tower and learn from E!dra al she had left unsa:id, all, indeed, that she ctu'd communicate to him, which would not only serve to convince him that Erla was hii :mothr, but would assure him thatshe had been :ightslly married to Lord Kingswood. Full of diequieting thought., be did not forAget old Pent.reep's extraordinary recog nitiocn of him at Gray's mount, I?his sbsequent statement that he had watched his progress throughout his school- life, and his assertion that lhewas his devoted fiiend. ' He must know much,' he muttered SEmployed and trusted by Ishtnael for years, he can without doubt fill up any gap which msay occur in the resealches I am about to make. I ,ill seek him.' 'lhe evening woire slowly on, and unable to endure his troubled thoughts, he qiitted the rcoom and made ane more ineffectual search for Eldra, arnd then he pastel out into the Chace. His swiftess ol foot, anll his knowledge of tihe secret sntranrce to the tissages which led into Kin~swocd Hi!ai enabled himnt to b:fflI Philip Avon. and his a.)rP,idons-flor a time at least,. IHe little dreansed,' however, that this pre. caution saved him fromn being da?,ged like a felon to the common lockup it Hawkesbury and'sul j cted to the tecder mercy :of Black Waler Avon, acting under the iinfluence of his on. - Once more he stood alone in darkness in the ancient library, this night resolved to concentrate his mind upon his enterprise. Itnmast not be imagined that he overlooked the quest:ionable character f hisi position or his proceedings. I-le was here like a thief in the: night. Telaking advantage of the solemn hour of the nigit he had stolen into this old library and was about to ransack receptaclke, hooks, and papers, aithout having the permission and in defiance of what he knew t5, be ithe wisbhes of Lord Kingswocd; but he justified himself by the conviction that he was suffering under great wrongs- wrongs which would remain unatoned unless he obtained their redress, and the only path open to him to accomplish it was that which he was pursuing SHe took his lamp in his hand and started to examine the various large tomes which were ranged along the shelves with the inten tion of finding where the archives of the family rested. His searchl wars after some time rewarded by the discovery of the important volumes; and he found that a volume was devoted to the life of each baron. He ran his fingers along the back of each bookle to find the one which recorded the achievements, and.pro bably recunted the crimess and follies, of the Baron of Kingswood whose name he bore. eI-I was grievo.usly disilsp sin:edl to find it was not there. He looked hastily throughI the succeeding volume, but he found within it but-one allusion to Erie, Baron of Kings wood, surnamed 'The Bad' The records were painful. Bertram of Kingswood, who succeeded Erie, appeared to have lived a wild reckless life, and to have met a violent death at the hauds of one Str Piilip Avon, whose father, known in thie county as 'Black .Wanlher,' had, in mortal combat, slain Edle, Baron of Kingswood. A long and vain search for the missing volume decided him in the impression that it had been purposely removed, perhaps des trolel. Old E!dra had spoken of a gap in the history, and this was no doubt the one of ivich she had spoken. Erle euddenly remembered the antique \- chest, and a thought flashed through his mind that it might be there. A vague impression se'ized him that he had locked within the chest, and there had be. '=held a iight which curdled his blood with horror; but he tried to chase it away, as if it were some wild, dreaming fancy, and slowly advanced towards the grim looking piece of furuitu:e. As he resched it he started back in wonder, for he saw riTse up slowly from its side a Sgrey, dusky figure, which far an instant kept a bowed attitude, and then suddenly fluns eff from its head the folds of a mantle, and discovered the face of old Eldra. HIer eyes seemtd to gleam with a supernatural light, as in a low, s.lemn tone, she said .' What seek you here?' iHe irstantly ecre gaised her, and as in. Sstantly recovered his composure. 'That which you told mei I abould find wiihin this chlamber,' he answered. " What is that ? she asked. The history of Erie, Bi.ron Kingswood oif Kiiogswood,' lie rijoined. She shook her head. SI told you not that,' abshe replied, hoarsely. * The records of his lile live only in that statue of the unavenged ' She pointed to that of Lady Miaud. "His life was written isn hIis acts; but thoae acas were so hidden and secret, save in ieil dreadlu! results, that iless he h imsosf committed them to paper .!isy are yet unwnritten.' * What were his crimes ?' inquired Erie, ' They are unknown excepting to Him to whom all thi:sgs are known,' she replied. ' Ypu mystify me,' he said, imnpatiently. * What of those dreadful results ? Surely they g.ve same clue to the crimes ?' 'No,' she answered. * WVhat were they?' be repeated, I maj, perhaPs, find a thread which may lead me to tIe facts.' If that were Icnw'wn they wo::]d Iorg since have' been avenged,' she returned with a groan ' All I can tell you I hve gathered from tradihisn. It is supposed that 1.rle of Kingswood himsnelft wrote the records of his crime, and tbat he coneealed them in a small ebony box, which he secreted no one has ever been able to discover wbere.--' 'A small ebony box P' exclaimed Erle, breathlessly. ' Aye,' answered Eldra, 'the counterpart is represented io the portrait at thbs hunting. lodge.' \- 'The history of tthe doom of Kingswood within that bor ?' ejaculated Erie, clutching closely the one he had f.uld in the galkry, and he remembered that tie had seen within it a roll of vellum. 'So saith tradition,' responded old ~E!dra. The Kingswood, male or female, vwhodis. covers that box will poss-ss thie secret 0 lifting the doom, and may hope to end his days in calm happiness. Tlhe spot yet by me udsearclhed is yonder ancient cllest, but I have no means of opening it 'Hark !' whispered Erle, suddenly, 'there is the beat of footsteps upon the staircase.' Ere he had concluded the old womnan, who appeared to have caught the sound, darted with an agility which surprised him to a dark corner of the library, and appeared to vanish. He suddenly extinguished his lanmp and took his way to the secret door by which be could regain the ancient apartments adjiini?g them. ,ie had barely stepped through the opening and closed the door when he heard the tramp of many men echoed by the vaulted roof cf the old library. Through a small crevice in the door he was enabled to ca:ch a gl:mpse of the ghastly visage of Philip Avon as it flashed past him filled with malignance, Thecre was a smile of vengeance upon it, which boded evil to E ,l. if hie es mcuntered him, but as he noted it a smile of intensd scorn qinivered his lip, and he moved ,lowly away. SI will reet within the old chamber,' he said, musingly, ' they will not look f,r me there, and whIen the frsitless search is ended, I will return thither and peiuse the macu script I have within this strange old box.' He seemned instinctively to know the sudden incursion into the library was inten ded for himself. l-st was at a loss to imagine how Philip Avon should have djiscovered his Fpresence at Kingsw'ood, but he thought of him with a species of cc:wtstupt, when it would have been wvisdo:s to have displayed the greatest circsmplection. HIe ertered the ancient bed-chamber; the das kaess was intense, but he had no difficulty in finding the great old-fashioned bed. l-Ie finng himself upon it with the intention of res:ing for an hour wrapt in thought, He sank Into a profound sluinber. He dreamed I He Wsas in the Chase, the moonbeams lit the trees up with heir cold, silvr light. He stood suddenly face to face with the phantom Baron of Kingawood, and the spectre shrank from bim; he followed it through brake and thicke.t; at last it paused and stood before the door cf Ithe old hunting-tower. lThe grim spectre broke into a discordant laugh, which grated so harshly upon hiis ears, tlea: he awoke. Awoke to find the eyes ef.Pnilip Avon gleamning in his own, Lto see his sallow face, yet mnore pale with intense vindic!iveness, turned toswards him at the foot of the bed, while the?sle were a doz~n other eager laces crowding round, gazing upon hlim with looks of halfaffrighted astonmshment, CHAPTER( LXVI. TIE day had long since dawned and the sun was high, snaking oly too plain to-Erle's eyes thfiacers of those by whom he was. surroun. ded. At first-for an instant only--h imagined the scene upon which he now gazed to be but another phase of his dream. He gave a hasty glance around him, and then, with a sudden bound, leaped from the bed, and before his movements could be arrested, he dashed into the adj.ining apartment, and once within there, stood fiercely at bay. HIis sudden springing up and dash at the door were unexpected, so that his escape from the room was unimpeded. Philip Avon with a loud shout, rushed after Erle, and tor:k up a position in the doorway of the adjoining apartment to bar his further egress. The domestics and the two efficers Hamrogue and Picker, blundered in after hin, but not one volunteered to seize hinm. With a somewhat bewildered yet haughty look, Erie regarded them, but without speak ing. Philip Avon, however, broke the silence. With his usual coarseness, he said 'That is the spectre-who has been prow ling abho.ut in the dead of the night trying the plate chest and the trinket-canes. Here is your mighty ghost of the bad Baron of Kingswood. Look at him, a common thief and night-berglar, a sneaking, pitiful, common thieving rogue.' Erle turned a fierce glance upon him. 'Coward nod hound !' he cried. 'We have an account to settle so deep that it is unnecessary for you to add to it.' ' Aye, I have an account to settle with you, you underbred whelp l' roared Philip Avon, passionately; ' but it is an account you shall liquidate in the horsepond, at the cart's tail, in chains and felon servitude.' Erle waved his hand in scornlul contempt, and turning to the domestics, he said ' If the reason for my presence is required, I will answer it to the person alone entitled to demand it, and to no other.' Philip Avon laughed. £ You will answer it to a jtrstice of the peace first, and then to a judge at session,' he rejoined. 'We co not ask you a season for being here, we know it-robbery is your object.' Erle disdained to reply to this insult. le resolved, however, when the time came, not to forget it. Again he addressed the domestics, and said, hIaughtily ' Lord Kingswood alone has the.right to ask of rue wherefore I amn now beneath a rool to a hich 1 have a claim but secorid to his own.' Ph.llip laughed insultingly, 'To him alone will I explain the rcause of my appearance here,' concluded Erie, not heeding his taunting laugh. A claim to be benealh his roof I' cried Philip, contetoptuously. You shall havea claim to reach it, o I there, boys, a blanket. We will toss hintm opposite the windows of the Lady Maudi; her ladyshlip affects our county sports, and she will be delighted to see this ifellow's elevated notions in full play.' Erle turned like a lion towards Philip Avon, who, seeming to divine hIis intention, cried out 'Ssizs him ! seize himn, and hurry him out.' MIr Picker ir.ts antly advanced to collar Erlie, but the latter hurled him to the ground with a crash, so that he lay upon it stunned. As Ihe moved forward impetuously the sar vants gave grbind, but Pnilip sprang forward "and confronited Erle, who dashed his fist in his face with such violence thiat he also measured his length upon the fl;or, stuhned by the blow. Hamrogue, however, the very moment Erle delivered the last blow, rushed in behind himn and pinioned him. The ser vants, seeing him disarmed, lent their assist ance to secure him, and b,:fore he had poser to help himself he underwent thbe indignity of being randcuffd. He was then seized by half a duz.n of tlhe men and hoiried violently along the corridor to the principal staircase. The tramping o.f feet and thie hlubbub of voices created consiktrable commotion in the house. It was, bowever, brought to a stop by a loud5 authoritative voice It was that of Lord Kinaswood, who had that moment only arrived from b'ondon. -At the sound of hIis voice thie hsqbbub. ceased, the tootmen fell back, and Erle stood alone and handcuffd. Erie's eye fastened on Lord- Kingswood; he held himself proudly erect. ' Is it by your lordship's desire that I am s?eid beneatis your roof and manacled as a comsron ttarauding ruffian ?' he asked loldily. The domestics, as he spoke, observed the striking resemblance both in features and voice which he bore to Lord .isgswood, and they began to conceive that they had been actively employed in committing a very unfo:tunate mistake. i \Vihat is the meaning of this extro einary scene?' txclaimed Lord Kingswood, con. fusedly, lal- paralysed by the unexpected appearance of Erie, and in auch a situation. There seemred to be a fatality attending h;s meetings with thlis youth. They always ocn cyBigd !inder circumstances either of extreme annoyance to him, or were calculated in some way to humiliate, if not to terrify him. Armed with his papers relative to his marriage with Erla, of Kingswood Chace; inwardly convinced that Lady Kingswood could not now obtain any evidence in support of her suspicious respecting Erle's paternity, he formed the sudden determination to visit her at Kingswood Hall, demand from her an explanation of the aversion she had recently displayed towards him; persist in the first story he told her about Erle, and defy her to disprove hiis statement. On arriving at Kin(gsgvood Hall this was the first incident which met him, and his excisemnent may better be imagined than described. Before anyone could reply to his question, Erle again almost fiercly demanded if hie had given instructions for him to be seized and treated thus. Lord Kingiswood looked around him be. wildcred, and said W\'ill no one unravel this mystery ?' Philip Avon at this moment care up, his face deadly pale, and a lump on his forehead almost as big as an egg. A most murderous expression was upon hIis countenance, but on perceiving Lord Kingswood, he stopped short, and said ' My lord, there is no aystery; we have secured a thief. Your lordship need not trouble yourself about the matter. Leave me to deal vith him. I promise you that he shall never agaii be the subject of difficulty or annryance to you.' 'Lord Kingswood, I am beneath your roof, will you dare to permit me to be longer sub ject to this outrage?' exclaimed Erle, in a determined voice. 1 O what are you accused ?' inquired his lordship. ' Of rubbery, your lordship. May it please your lordship, I am the officer, and he Is in my custody,' said Mr. Hamrogue. bErle wr?stled furiously with his manacles, and stretching them forth towards his lordship said ' L'rd Kingswood, will you permit me to be thus shamefully outraged ? Will you suffer your dwn name to be thus sullied ?' This was rather an unfortunate remark for him to make, because it raised an awkward curiosity as to its real meaning. His lordship only said 'Have peace for a few minutes. I will b?ear you.' SHe turned to Philip Avon, saying ' Who charges him with robbery ?' ' I do,' said Philip, quickly. 'Liar !' cried Erle, passionately. ' Lord Kingswcod bent his eyes on Philip Avon, and s3id ' I hope your charge is well founded.' ' It is, my lord,' replied Philip. ' And that you will be able to prove it,' added his lordship. 'I can, my lord,' said Philip in a defiant tone. ' You assert that Mr. Gower has committed a robbery,' said his lordship. ' It is a very serious charge, and should not be lightly made. Of what does the robbery consist ?' 'Lord Kingswood, can you conscientiously believe that I could be guilty of such an act ?' interposed Erle with intense excitemnient, again making a mad Ieffort to twist asunder the handcuffs. 'You will not-date not say that you do?' ' Be silent for the present,-Mr, Gower,' re joined Lord Kingswood, 'you will find it to your advantage.' ' I scorn advantage,' exclaimed Erle. ' You are sullying my honour and your own by suffering me to remain manacled like a male factor.' 'I must hear Mr. Avon,' returned Lord Kingsrwood, in a state ol painlul embarrass meot; and turning to him, said, hastily,' 'Pray, Philip, be brief and to the point, What robbery has Mr. Gower committed ?' Philip Avon dropped his eyes, but he spoke in the same defiant tone as before. 'It is a mere petty larceny theft, rey lord,' he said, 'he stole the pistol and some other weapon belonging to one ol the maen em played on your lordship's estate.' 'Is he here ?' inquired Lord Kingswood, rapidly. ' No, my lord,' cried several of the servants together. ' What is his name?' he inquired, in a more stern tone than he had yet used. ' Tubal Kish, and mnay it please your lord. ship,' said Hamrogue, anxious that his dexterity and knowledge should be appre ciated, A growl of rageburst from Philip Avon's lips and an exclamation from Lord Kings. wood. He turned to Philip, and said, shaiply ' Is this so?' ' I believe that.is the name, my lord,' re turned Philip Avon, somewhat suddenly, a's he feared that the game was going against him. -A shade of displeasure passed over the features of Lord Kingswood, and he said, in an angry tone, to Hamrogue ',What other evidence have you ?' 'None, anLplease your lordship,' he replied, with . low how, *'Release him instantly; he ought never to have been thus treated,' said Lord Kt ngs wood. 'Nor perhaps aould be, my lord1' sub joined Philip, with a scowl, ' but for his own violence.' * It is not in the blood of a Kingswood,' cried Edre, dashing the Iendcuflo to the floor as the officer, at the bidding of Lord Kings wood, released him, ' to submit patiently to outrages from those beneath them in honour and bonesty.' Lord Kingswood started as Philip Avon was about to reply and tried to stay him, but Philip would speak. ' Ey Lord,' he cried, 'I must speak, and I will be heard, aye, and by your lordahlip, too.' 'Follow me to my library, said Lord Kinuswood, hturiedly, and-?-' SNo, my lord, with all respect I must de cline to do sa,' said Philip ' Your lordsbip understands in what relation I stand to you, and how much nearer that relationship is likely to be drawn. I must, therefore, after what has prssed, call upon you publicly to disown this fellow or me.' ' You speak in riddles,' cried his lordship. ' I am quite ready to listen to all you may wish to say, but it must be within my own chamber. Follow me.' He hurried away as he concluded, and Philip pointed to the direction he had taken in an atlthorative way, whichl the servants slowly, and with epident reluctanpe obeyed; Erle, however, for a moment hesitated, but for the sake of preventing a disturbance which might reach thie ears of Lady Maud, he, tos, followed to the library, taking precedence of Philip Avon, which the latter ackaowledged with a sharply-bitten lip. Lord Kingswood peremptorily ordered the domestics and the officer to remain without the library. Philip Avon would again have interfered, but his lordship carried the puint. Lord Bingowood, Erie, and ghilip Avon were therelore left alone together. 'Now that we are alone,' said his lordship, tryieg to assume a calmness he was far from feelig, 'I will listen to what you bare to say, and I shall be glad if you will drop all metaphor.' ' Metaphor, my lord,' returned Philip Avon, \- I fancied I spoke out plainly and bluntly enough.' 'When you speak of my disowv:ling Mr. Gower you speak to me in riddler,' said his lordship, with some loftiness of manner. SOh, it that is your meaning, you shall have no reason to complain of the clearness of mine,' rejoined Philip. ' Firstly, then, it is not long since your lordship introduced this fellow--' ' Bullies only employ coarse epithest,' inter rupted Erle, disdainfully. SIt is not exactly the word,' said Lord Kingsweod. ' Shall I say your left-handed son, my lord,' Philip cried, with a bitter sneer. But that Lord Kingswood rose up with a fearlul burst of anger, Erle would have sprung forward and felled Philip to the ground. The latter, however, by Lord Kingswood's indignant exclamations, found he had com ritted himself, and be drowned Lord Kingswood's last words by almost shouting I apologise, my lord-I apologise to you, my lord-I apologise to you!' Lord Kingswood sat down again, while and silent, and Philip Avon proceeded, himself pallid, and his lips parched and quisering with excitement. Hi-s hatred of Erle was so intense that hIe found it a task of nosmall difficulty to speak of him in any hbut insultio?n terms. 'I met beneath this roof,' he went on to say, ' yon individual. It was your lordship's introduction. I conceived an antipathy to him. It was instinctive, and my instincts have always proved correct. Your lordship is aware that I have long entertained a passion for Lady Maud St. Clair and that I have addressed my suit to her under your lordship's sanction. I quickly saw that he dared to raize his eyes in that direction----' ' Preposterous !'. ejaculated Lord Kings wood, with an angry and astounded look at Erle. The latter, however, moved not. His face, pale, was yet calm in its proud, defiant expression, and his eye settled on Philip Avoh's countenance a stern, unwavering gaze. 'Preposterous as it may appear to one withl a grain of sense or'even decency,' con tinued Philip, speaking rapidly. 'he has had the audacity to attempt to ensnare tihe affections of the poor, weak girl, and by some strange, mysterious cozening, bas, I am afraid, to some extent enlisteed her sympathies in his favsur. Lord Kingswood made no remark, but ihe leaned hIis elbow on the table and covered his face with his hand, SWell, my lord,' continued Philip, ' you are aware that after that event your protege bolted hence, and you supposed, I have no doubt, as I did, that nothing more would be heard of him. Perhaps, had Lady Maud St. Clair remained in London, nothing more would have been heard of bim down here, but Lady Maud has come down to Kings wood before you; you see the result. Let me explain to your lrdship that, previous to the visit of this person to Kingswood,- the Spectre of the House of Kingswood, said to restlessly haunt the Chace, had for years been indulging in the very calmest repose, but no sooner had your new guest made his appearance, than the spectre, rmuch troubled in his phantom mind, re- appeared in the Chace, to the great alarm of the lats and owls, as well as a poacher in the vicinity. Your guest albrup!ly disappears, and the ghost vanishes also. But suddenly the spectre is seen again, and as Lady Maud had re appeared at Kingswood Hall, I guessed the double of the spectre could not be far off. I do not place any faith in the existence of apparitions. I therefore searched for the flesh, and found it in the person s.f your lordship's ptoteSg there, not where I expected to find him, but comfortably sleeping in an old bed-cbamber in an ancient portion of the Hall, whither he had no doubt betaken hIimself to enjoy the luxury of gazing on the portrait of the ancestral Lady Maud. I had some difficulty to unkernel him, but once on h,is track, I fairly run him to earith. Now, Lord Kingrwood, I must understand before we part whether it is your intention to con tinue to regard iie as the future husband of Lady Maud, and therefore disavow--' Lord Kingswood rose up. 'Philip,' he said, in a stern and sormewhat determined tone, 'your surmises and your suspicions are wholly unfounded and incor rect, of that I am assured, you may leave Mr. Gower in my hlands and be quite at rest with respect to any design you may suppose him to ertertain with regard to Lady Maud--' ' Your pardon, Lord Kingswood; I cannot leave him to you, nor while ihe is hIere can I be at rest. I intend to give hIim into the custody of Hamrogue and take him before a justice of the peace on a chabrge of thef:, which shall be substantiated.' 'He will be in my charge,' exclainmed Lord Kingswood, with a frown. 'I will be re sponsible for hisappearance. I cannot pro long this interview, I am not well--' SMy lord, whatever mray be-your presump. tions with respect to this Gower, mine are n;o less strong,' exclaimed Philip Avon, doggedly. 'I do not intend to give him a chance of having an interview with Lady Maud.' 'You appear to be labouring under a frantic delusion,' interrupted Lord Kings wood, hastily. Philip Avon smiled grimly and shook' his head. !If you persist in remaining unsatisfied I cannot help it,' continued Lord Kingswood; 'but if it will be a esatisfaction to you, I will take care, that while in Kingswood IHall, Mr. Gbwer shall be placed in an apartment from which he cannot depart but with my sanction, Inthe eastern wing of the build ing there is a chamber of extraordinary strength, he shall be placed therein, and I myself will keep the key and a'one visit him, until he is, under my direction, plced in a position which cannot posstbly give you further discomfort.' Philip Avon, however, rrquired much further persuasion, and evenr:tualy reluctantly acceded to Lord KRngswood plan-a plan the latter had formed because hIe wished to have that interview with EIle, in which he hoped to persuade him to fall in wiih Sir Harris Stanhope's desigs-the proporition of which hIe did not believe hIre would reject, ErIle, determined to remrai at all risks at Kingswood Hall, offered no opposition to Lord Kingswood's arrange:mnenr, and suf fered himself to he escorted to the tower in the eastern wing Philip Avon was defeated in thle hope th?t Lady Mand would appea , drawn by curiosity to the scene, and was or.!igcd to content himself with seeing Erle locked within the s ,litary chamber, and thie key safely in Lord Kingswood pos3ession, Lord Kirnrgsewoed dismissed him in brief terms, promising to grant him an interview on the day following, Philip retired w;b an unsatisfactotysense of defeat whichi he did not care to acknowledge to hIlmself. Lord Kingswood betook hiomself to his private apartments, troub!ed by the new source of vexation he had had to encounter and Erle egas left glqone in the dttll and solitary tower to commune with his thoughts, such as they were, TO SE CONTINUED,. George Giffen Ihas obtainedl the neeoossary leavo to enahblo him to witness the oriokot matoh in Sydney betweeoon Now Bouth Wales and Viotoria befoeh taking part in the seleetlon of the Australian Eleven. 