A Big Take Down. THIS article, appearing in Wednesday's Mining Review, Adelaide, is wired to the COOLGARDIE REVIEW, SO that the public at boih ends may guard against investment in what are merely scrip companies, such as the Hannan's United, exposure of which was promised in last Saturday's Standard:— " Will the Stock Exchange help us to keep mining honest, and give the public a square deal. In the old days of the silver boom there was a sharp crowd, spoken of with scorn and derision as " The Queen Street Gang," and it vras more than suspected they were not above plundering the public, and the careless methods adopted provided that the boodle went into the pockets of the sharps. Unless we misread the Mens of the times, there is a gang in Adelaide who could give the old-time Queen-street sharpers points and a beating, at their own game. Seldom in the history of any mining community has a property without a single pronounced lode jumped in value from ^275 on the 2nd of a month to ^25,000 011 the i9th # of the same month We say 'seldom'! We wish we-could say/never.' But to the standing disgrace of South Australia this has happened through the agency of those who posed amongst us as respectable and honorable men. We cannot conceive how a presumably respectable firm of solicitors came to allow their names to appear as the legal advisers to . such a company. There might have been the shadow of an excuse for Messrs Brady and Hackett if they had simply been thesolicitors of the concern, but in the Memorandum of Association of thecompany an agreement is stated to have been made between James Thompson Hackett on behalf of the said syndicate, and Henry Wm. Hunt on behalf of the said company. If as we believe, Jas. Thompson Hackett is the solicitor of King William-street and a member of the firm of Bray and Hackett, our wonder is that the ghost of his late partner has not returned from the other world to upraid him for using his name in such a connection. On June 2nd,after liberal advertising,, Theodore Bruce sold by auction in the saloon of the Napoleon Hotel the property known as "Hannan's United." Tnere was a large number of persons interested in mining present, and the property was knocked down for ^275— the highest bid. Now mark. On 4th June, or within forty-eight hours of the falling of the hammer, Hackett, representing a syndicate. entered into an agreement with Henry Wm. Hunt on behalf of the said Company, the said Hunt being, we believe, engaged in (he office of the same legal firm. Thereupon the syndicate blossomed iritu no-liability company of ,£15,000, and was registered under the provisions of the Companies' Act of 1892. Thus, at a bound, this precious claim, for which only £2 75 could be obtained by public auction, within a few hundred yards of the same spot as that at which the meeting was held, nominally increased its value by ^25,000. On June 19th an a Kvrl.sement appeared announcing th^t the scrip was ready for issue. Thus in seventeen days, by the aid of liberal scheming, a little lawyer's work, and a lot of printer's ink, "Hannan's United" was inflated in value from ^275 to ^50,000. The directors are, so the secretary informs UP,. Mr J. Bosworth, formerly M.L.C., l)r Lermitte and Mr Alexander Masson. We ask them, with the aid of Bray and Hackett, solicitors to the company, and the assistance of Mr \V. G. Bevoir, the secretary, to tell us and the public how they account for the astounding increase in value of ,£49,725, when the whole, lock, stock and barrel of the concern was sold for £>75 Where was the cuteness of the vendors after all ? What fools they must have been not to have waited another fortnight. It would then have been a matter of millions. In the interests of honest speculation and dona fide investment, we call upon the committee of the Stock Exchanges , of Adelaide and Coolgardie to see that public interests are protected by refusing to allow the scrip of this company to be placed nn the official list. We have not time to work out how much per thousand the shares cost the enterprising vendors. We leave that to the public, and we hope after this exposure of one of the most barefaced attempts to run a scrip company, instead of a mining company, that gullible as the public are usually, they will have sufficient sense to leave alone such a wonderful propertyas " Hannan's United," which might fitly have been named the "Sudden Jerk" or the " Great Take Down." 