THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; OB, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. By HEDLEY RlCHAfiDS, Author of "Sentence Prononnoed," "A Wolrii Princess, " "The Omerod Mjaterj, Etc., etc. CHAPTER XIV— (Continued.) Wiien I landed m England, con tinued Mrs Carruthers, "I at once en gaged a detective to trace you, and found that Martin had not married you when the news came that Agatha had been drowned. By the time you were traced to Miss Delaney's you had heard that you were Mr Sturt's granddaughter and heiress, so that the offer I had inten ded making was superfluous." "What were you going to offer?" in quired Grace. "To settle a comfortable income upon you. I wanted to show my sympathy in a practical way. Yes, Grace — if I may call you so— from the time I heard of the affair I have felt a deep sympathy for you. whicli has developed into love. One thing has puzzled me very much— that the detective failed to trace your move ments from the time you left Martin's house until you were accidentally dis covered to be residing at Miss Delaney's. I have wondered how you got to know her." "I can easily explain that. Sidney saved me from committing suicide;" and Grace told what happened on that awful winter's niirht. which now seemed ages ago. "What a wretch Martin Barron is: He deserves no mercy on any score," said Mrs Carruthers. "Are you still resolved to have your revenge?" asked Grace. "Yes; and a bitter one it will he." "But think of Alice. What an awful thing it will be for her if her husband suffers the penalty of his crime," urged Grace. "S.he doesn't love him." "But she bears his name, and will feel the disgrace keenly," pleaded Grace. "I will have my revenge. Martin Bar ron killed my brother— yes, and shortened my father's life, besides causing a slur to rest on his name. I know some people believed that he killed Clifford— that he , was not in Wales at the time of the mur der. I will vindicate his name and have my revenge." ""Vengeance is mine. I will repay, salth the Lord,' " said Grace solemnly. "That may be; but I cannot stand and wait. Beside, look at that poor mad girt. I am certain she is Phyllis Blount, and she must be released." "Are you any nearer finding out the truth about the murder?" asked Grace. "Yes; but once the ghost of Agatha Goddard enters Old Court Place, she will learn something." "You don't mean to go there?" ex claimed Grace. "Indeed I do. Martin thinks I am a spirit, and so does the old butler. I fear no one but Martha Gee, as she has sharp eyes and a sharp tongue." "I should advise you to be cautious, for if Martin discovers who you are, and your object in coming here, your life may be in danger." | "I know that; but I don't mean to let him discover anything. Do you know it seems to me that everything is work ing so as to bring the crime to light. For instance, that dream of Alice's is a very singular thing. Then there is the way in which that girl manages to parade the house. I cannot understand bow she escapes from under Martha Gee's vigilant eye, but I mean to find her hiding place," said Mrs Carruthers, as she rose. "Wull fhifi liflR T>Af»n fl nipht nf vavaIs- tions, and now I should like t.c know what I am to call you ?" said Grace. "It won't do to call me Maude, or Martin might leara my name from his wife. Then his suspicions would per haps be aroused, so for the present it must be Mrs Carruthers." At that moment the clock on the man tel-piece struck one, and with a good night the friends parted. « When she was alone Grace seated herself and fell into a train of thought, which finally merged Into the one ques tion — "Could she stand by and see Mar tin Barron delivered up to die a felon's death? If he had murdered Captain Goddard he richly deserved his fate, but she had once loved him," and Grace shrank from the thought of the awful doom that awaited him. Gf course in warning him she would be acting unfairly by Mrs Carruthers, and this thought weighed strongly with her. At last she resolved to wait, and see how matters turned out. as it was quite possible that the additional proof required might not be easy to find. Then Martin would be safe "But poor Alice, what of her? Was she to be allowed to spend her life with a man whose hands were stained with blood?" It was a knotty question, and with a sigh Grace gave It up, and prepared for rest. L— CHAPTER XV.— MRS CARRUTHERS MAKES A DISCOVERY. "Tm very uneasy, very uneasy In deed," said Mrs Sturt, as ahe seated herself on the most comfortable of the garden chairs and looked at Grace. (Commenced Publication February f "What are you uneasy about, aunt? inquired the latter. "About Alice. She is very ill indeed." "Alice ill? Why, she was here three days ago, and she seemed just as usual," said Grace. "Yes, that is what puzzles me. She has not been ill any time, yet the altera tion in her is marvellous," replied Mrs Sturt. "What ails her?" inquired Mrs Car ruthers. "I'm sure I don't know. The day Mar tin was in London she called at the Lodge, and she was as well as usuaL But yesterday I went up to the Place and found her lying on a couch in the drawingroom, looking like a ghost, and so weak that she could hardly move. When I asked her what ailed her she burst into tears. "Of course, I told her that would never do, and questioned her, until I found out that she'd been taken ill the day after Martin came from London. Sickness, she said, and a feeling of lassitude. So I asked her what Dr. Grahame said about it, and she told me she hadn't seen him, that Martin said it was noth ing but the hot weather that had upset her, and that it would be folly to send for the doctor. "Weli, Grace, you may be sure this didn't suit me. I'm not one to make a fuss if people only fancy they are ill, but I wouldn't stand by and see my own child fading away without a doctor; so I went to Martin, who was in the lib rary, and I told him what I thought about it." "What did he say?" inquired Grace. "Why, he laughed in that nasty sar castic way he does when he's vexed, and said I was making a mountain out of a mole-hill — that it was only the heat that was affecting Alice. But I told him it was nothing of the kind. Of course, it is very hot, but the weather would not have brought Alice to the state she was in, and I insisted upon despatching the servant for Dr. Grahame." "Did Mr Barron agree to that?" asked Grace. "He just sneered, and said perhaps it would be better to telegraph for a doctor from London, and I said I should be satisfied with Dr. Grahame." "What does the doctor say?" inquired Mrs Carruthers, who had listened atten tively to the conversation. "He seemed puzzled, but said he would send her some medicine. I stayed with the poor girl all day, and I went up before luncheon this morning, and was just in time to see the doctor, who ap peared more puzzled than ever. Alice wasn't one bit better— indeed, she seem ed more languid, so he said he'd try a different medicine. I stayed with her until about an hour ago, and then I thought I'd come and tell you how ill she is." "Doesn't Mr Barron seem uneasy now?" asked Grace. "No; he says it's just the weather that doesn't agree with her. I think that funny deformed woman, Martha Gee, seemed very much troubled. She came to Alice's boudoir, inquiring about her, and asking most particularly about the symptoms. As she is an old servant, I told her all I knew, and she looked un commonly grave." "I think if I were you, I should go and stay at Old Court Place until Mrs Barron is better." salti Vn Poi-n,thA» Mrs Sturt sniffed slightly. "I don't think you would if Martin Barron was your son-in-Iaw.I suggested remaining, and he gave me to under stand that he'd an objection to mothers- in-law. The fact is he's a very bad- tempered man. Of course, Alice made a very good match as regards position —yes, and money, in spite of his debts. I suppose the temper is a set-off against it. One cannot have everything in this world. I suppose it's no use asking you to go and see Alice," she said. "I cannot enter Mr Barron's house," replied Grace, in a firm tone. "'Don't you think you are a little un forgiving? I dare say Martin said some nasty things about the money, but dcar- a-me that was only natural." " I may be unforgiving, but I shall not go to Old Court Place," replied Grace, wondering what Mrs Sturt would say If she knew the real reason why she would have nothing to do with Martin Barron, When that lady had gone Mrs Car- Tuthers turned to Grace, saying : "I wonder what ails Alice?" There was something peculiar in her tone, which startled Grace, and made her exclaim : "Why do you speak in that tone?" "Because I have a very nasty suspi cion. I cannot help wondering if Mar tin is giving her poison." J "Never ! Surely he cannot be bad' enough for that!" "I think when a man has done the things that Martin Barron has done, he won't stop at anything. Years ago he let the devil get the whip hand of him, and he's driven him at a pace since then," said Mrs Carruthers. .. _ i "But what motive can he have for, desiring Alice's death?" But even as she spoke, Grace reme bered Martin's words, that Alice was not strong, and if she died there wou be no barrier between them. "I see you have some idea of the mo tive." said Mrs Carruthers, noticing the flush on Grace's face. "You know, she went on, "Martin lias a very good opinion of himself, and no doubt he thinks, if lie were free, the wealthy Miss Sturt might forget the past and become his wife." "Surely you do not think that, ex- claimed Grace, in horror. "No, I know you too well for that; but I am afraid Martin is calculating on that, and wants Alice out of the way." "Oh, it is dreadful! Cannot we do anything to discover if your suspicion is correct, and if it Is, have Alice re- moved from the Place?" said Grace. "We can only wait and watch," re plied Mrs Carruthers, gravely. Day by day news came of Alice. Either Mrs Sturt would call at the Gables, or Grace or Sirs Carruthers called at her house to inquire about the invalid and hear the doctor's report, which was nearly always the same — great lassitude and sickness. Ten days elapsed, and the hot August days had passed. Stiil there was not any improvement in Alice, and Dr Gra hame owned that he was baffled. Mrs Sturt wanted a doctor from London, but Martin objected, finally agreeing to Dr Beard being summoned from York, remarking that as he was going to York he would bring the doctor back with him. This new doctor declared that the sickness was caused by severe indiges tion, which also accounted for the weak ness. Then, after writing a prescrip tion. he pocketed the handsome fee Martin gave him, and went back ' to York, leaving dissatisfaction in every mind save that of the Master of Old Court Place. auuui uiree aiici ma- vioit umvc, who was sitting near the drawing-room window, was surprised to see the pony- carriage from the Place coming up the drive. "There's Alice! She must be a great deal better," she exclaimed; and hasten ing from the room, she reached the door by the time the carriage stopped. "Yes; I've been ever so much better both yesterday and to-day, so I drove over. I've something to show you," she said, turning slightly, and pointing to the detective camera which was on the carriage seat. "Oh. I understand;" and Grace told the butler to bring the camera to the drawing- room. Once in that room, Alice sank breath less and exhausted on to the couch. Mrs Carruthers fetched her a glass of wine and a biscuit, after which she revived, and noticing the expression of concern on their faces, she said: "Oli, I'm ever so much better, and it's all Martha Gee's doing." "Martha Gee," they both exclaimed. "Yes; she's been studying a doctor's book, and she questioned me and found out that I was generally worse after dinner, which I take in the morning room. I lie there nearly all day, and my dinner is served on a little table which is placed close to the couch. Mar tin generally comes in while I'm having some fruit. I eat more strawberries than anything now. Of course they are forced, but Martin has been very good about seeing that I had a liberal supply, and he generally sits and talks to me while I eat them. He has been so kind and gentle lately. "But I was telling you about Martha. She couldn't understand how it was that I was always worse after the fruit. So yesterday, when Martin had gone to his own dinner, she brought me some thing in a glass which she thought would prevent the strawberries hurt ing me, and I didn't feel nearly so ill as usual. Then, when I had gone up stairs, she brought me another dose, and I've felt better ever since. About half an hour after she left me that poor fftrl oamo inift mw nrfinno T -nrnM 0X VH.U1V UlbV til/ WUUMVU f tl lid J- 11CLO lying down on the couch. "She stole in so quietly, and stood looking at me. Then I remembered about the camera, and I made the poor girl understand what I wanted, and I showed her where it was kept. "As it was then getting dusk, I fix ed the flashlight arrangement as you showed me, and as she stood quite still watching me. I took a snap-shot of her, and I've brought it to you," Alice said, lying back, and panting for breath with the exertion of talking. For half an hour she rested quietly. Then as she felt revived they assisted her to the pony carriage, and stood watching as she was driven slowly to the gate. "I wonder if she will ever come here again," said Grace, as they re-entered the drawing-room. "Not if Martin Barron can prevent it. She has one chance, however, for Mar tha Gee suspects poison, and as she 1b evidently Alice's friend, she will if pos sible prevent her master carrying out his designs; though I confess I am sur prised at her running counter to his wishes. But now I will develop this negative;" and, taking the camera with her, Mrs Carruthers proceeded to the box-room, which had been fitted up as a dark room. Grace remained in the drawing-room thinking of Alice, and wondering what would be the end of Martin's wicked - ness. It made her shudder to tMnir that she had once loved this mnn Presently Mrs Carruthers entered, and Grace saw that she was very much ' excited. -- - AT--J "See !" and she held the negative so that Grace could look at it. "It is Phyllis Blount; but to make sure, as there is a good light, I will take a print from It," said Mrs Carruthers Having fixed the negative In a print ing frame, she' exposed It to the strong sunlight, and very soon had a photo graph. Taking the print to Grace, she said : "It is Phyllis. She has not altered in the least; and now I am going to act." "What shall you do ?" inquired Grace. "I shall wash this stain off my face remove my wig. and go dressed as i have done before; then I shall he taken for a spirit, and may have a chance of slipping into the house." "Why do you want to get in ?" "I must find out where this girl is hidden, and then I will give information to the police." "But suppose Martin sees you, and discovers that you are not a spirit ?" "He won't; he's too conscience stric ken. But if I don't come hack, you will know where to look for me." Grace didn't seem satisfied, but she only said : "When shall you go ?" "About nine o'clock. I shall slip out of the side door; and if I put a veil ov er my face, there will be no danger of recognition. Then when I get near the house I shall remove it, in order to play the ghost successfully." Seeing that it was useless, Grace did not remonstrate, but it was with a feel ing of uneasiness that she saw her de part about half-past eight. "I shall sit up in my chamber— I couldn't rest if I went to bed; so if you throw a stone at the window, I will come down stairs and let you in," said Grace. "You know I may be very late." "Never mind. I shall waft up for you." Once outside the garden, Mrs Carru thers walked swiftly, and passing the principal gate she went along the road, Court Park by a side gate. The moon was not yet up, but she knew her way so well that she was able to take the shortest cut to the house. The outer door stood open, but the glass one was closed, and Mrs Carruthers stood for one moment looking in, and then passed round to the side of the house until she came to a glass door which opened into a room. It was in darkness — evidently it was not often used— so, turning the door handle, she entered the room. In the old days, when she had visited at the Court, she had known this room well, for It had been a favorite place with old Mr Barron. Many a time had she sat there while her father and he discussed politics and other subjects. . Now, even in the darkness, she was able to make straight for the door which led into a side corridor. Opening it, she looked cautiously round, and, seeing there was no one about, she ascended the staircase, and passed the rooms which she knew from Alice's description were hers. Then she turned along a corridor in the opposite direction, walking slowly, and without making the least noise, as she wore si lent shoes. At each door she paused, peering through the keyhole to see if there was the least light; but there was neither light nor sound, until she reached a door almost at the end of the corridor. Peeping through the keyhole of this, she saw it was lighted. Gently turning the handle, she open ed the door, thinking, as there was no sound, it might be empty, and as she glanced through the opening she found that her supposition was correct. It was a fair-sized room, panelled from floor to roof in old oak, and the roof was of the same. The furniture was ancient, but comfortable, and at one side stood a large sewing machine, while a pile of linen lay on a chair near. This convinced Mrs Carruthers that she was in Martha Gee's room, as the woman was reputed to hold the post of seamstress at Old Court Place. Seeing a aoor ai me orner siae or tne room, sne decided to continue her investigations. Entering it, she found that It was panelled exactly like the one she had left, but it was furnished as a bedroom. The only light was from one small lamp, which stood on the dressing-table. While she was gazing around her, a slight sound made her look at the op posite wall, and as she looked she saw a panel slide back. Then Martha Gee stepped out, and in an instant she had closed the panel, and, turning round, her glance fell on Mrs Carruthers. "Miss Agatha !" exclaimed the wo man, and at the same moment she fell on the floor writhing and twisting hor ribly. "An epileptic fit. Well, I cannot help her, and I must find out how to open this panel;" hut in spite of all her en deavors she could not discover the sec ret, and at last, seeing that Martha Gee was coming round, Mrs Carruthers left the room. Once on the landing, she had to pro ceed cautiously, hut all went well, and she reaehed the room by which she had entered unobserved, and was soon safely out of the house. CHAPTER XVI.— WHAT THE MIR ROR REVEALED. The church clock was chiming the half hbur 'after eleven as Mrs Carru thers stood under Grace's chamber window. Flinging a pebble at It, Bhe went vound to the side door, and to a minute or two .it was quietly opened by Grace, and tbiy proceeded to the latter's dressing, room. "Well, have you discovered any thing r Tes;" and Mrs Carruthers told what she bad seen. "What shall you do now ?" "Give Information to the police- to morrow — no, the day after. I must wait I have printed another photo graph of that girl, as I did not finish the other print" "It seems an awful thing to do, when you consider what the end of it may be. Remember, it means a shameful death to the man who was your sister's hus band," said Grace, with a shudder. "He killed my brother, and he has ruined Phyllis Blount's life. I can re member her a gay, light-hearted girl; now she is an Idiot. Then think of 'Alice. A few weeks longer, and the poi son may have done its work. By the way, I find out how Phyllis has man aged to escape Martha Gee's vigilance. The latter is evidently subject to epi leptic fits, and I suppose at times they must come on before she lias closed the panel." "Where do you think that opening in the wall leads to ?" inquired Grace. "To the round tower, which is just above there. About a hundred years ago the master of Old Court Place mur dered his wife in the tower, where he bad enticed her, and before he could be arrested he committed suicide. "The next owner, hearing rumors of a ghost having been seen, had the en trance to the tower built up. At least, that is what tradition says, and it was always supposed to be true; but my im- pression now is that there is an entrance to it from Martha Gee's bedroom, and that Phyii's Mount is imprisoned there. The poor r'.ii certainly ought to be sent home to : - r : o.rents." "She < ;.-? i to be and shall," replied Grace, red, after bidding each other good r:::: t, the friends separated. 4 # "Oh, r ra.- e, what do you think has happened ?" asked Mrs Sturt, the morn ing but one after Mrs Carruthers' ad venture. "Something dreadful, I am afraid," Grace replied, looking anxiously at her visitor, who had burst into the drawing- room unannounced. "Dreadful ! I should think it is, and If Alice isn't worse It's not Martin's fault. You know she was much better the' other day, and the improvement continued all yesterday; indeed, she was so well In the afternoon when I saw her that I thought she would soon be all right, and I felt quite happy and com fortable. You can judge of my alarm when, about eight o'clock last night, she arrived at the Lodge, accompanied by her maid, and I found she had walk ed from Old Court Place. "She was exceedingly exhausted, and burst into tears, saying that Martha was trying to poison her. You will un derstand, my dear, that whatever my own opinion might be (and I have felt suspicious) I didn't like her -making such a statement before Jane, her maid, so I treated it lightly ; but this only made Alice reiterate her statement— uecitniiig hull x neeuu t mina jane, as she had been obliged to take her into her confidence, so that she could get away without Martha knowing. "It appears, from what Alice said, that she felt so much better that she decid ed to dine with Martin, and, hearing of her intention, he persuaded her to have some strawberries before she went up stairs to dress. Downs placed the dish of strawberries, and the sugar and cream on a little table, which stood be hind the couch on which Alice reclined. "Now it happened that a small mir ror had that morning been placed on the wall opposite. Jane had found It in one of the attics, and, thinking it was something uncommon, she hod brought it to -her mistress, who told the housekeeper to have it placed in the small drawing- room. "Happening to raise her eyes, she saw, roiie.cted in the mirror, Martin in the act of shaking the contents of a pa per over some strawberries, which he had placed on a plate, and the awful look of diabolical triumph on his face made lier shiver, and, turning round, she seized the plate, exclaiming : "What have you put on the straw berries ?" " 'Sugar, of course,' he said, still hold ing the plate, and at the same time sprinkling some sugar over them. ".'It wasn't sugar, it was poison;' and before he realised her intention she had crossed towards the door, and, going to her dressing-room, she rang for her maid. After revealing to the girl what had happened, she told her to bring her hat and cloak, and in a few minutes they left the house by a side entrance. Of course, owing to Alice's weakness, It had taken them some time to reach Stonebank Lodge. "After hearing, all this, I comforted the poor girl, and assisted the maid to get her into bed. Then, just as I came downstairs, Martin appeared, and I ne ver saw a man look like he did. His face was ghastly white, and his eyes seemed to glare when he asked if Alice had come home. " 'Yes; and I don't intend to let her rettim to the Place, I said. " "What do you mean ?' he asked, as he followed me to the drawing-room. " 'I mean that a man who tries to Poison his -wife Isn't a safe person to live with. " 'So she's been telling ydu that rub bish ? She's out of her mind, and I shall take steps to put her in an asy lum.' / ' : -j. (T6 be Coatiflued), y 