FESTIVAL AT THE CATHEDEAL. THE ARCHBISHOP OP MELBOURNE ON 'MARIOLATRY.' On Sunday last in St.- Mary's Cathedral was cele brated the Feast of the Assupmtion of the Blessed Virgin. Although it. wa3 a wet morning the cathe dral was filled at all. the early Masses, and, .crowded-' at the High Mass. ?. Shortly , before ll,.o!clopk a. procession, in which, his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop, the Most Rev. Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle - (Bishop of Grafton), the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll (VicarGene ral of the Archdiocese), the Very Rev, Dr. Murphy (President of St. -Patrick's College, Manly), the Very Rev, Dr. O'Haran, the Very Rev.. Dean Healy, the Very Rev. Dean Slattery,- the Very Rev. P. Le. Rennetel, S.M. ; the Rev. .Fathers Walsh and Phelan (St. Mary's- ; Cathedral), . the ecclesiastical students from Manly, ... and the Hon. John Hughes, M.L.C., and Mr. T. M. Slattery (Knights of St. Gregory) took part, was formed at St. Mary's Presbytery. The procession entered the cathedral by the southern door. While the prelates and priests proceeded to the sanctuary, the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. J. A. Delany, sang the ' Ecce Sacerdos.' The Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney, who was the celebrant of the High Mass, with the as sistant ministers, entered the sanctuary by way of the sacristy. The Cardinal presided at the throne, where he was attended by the Rev., Fathers Walsh and Phelan. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by Bishop Higgins, the Very Rev. P. A. Slattery, O.S.F., acting as assistant priest, the Rev. Fathers Carey and Why te as deacon anfl. sub-deacon re spectively, and the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran as con ductor of the ceremonies. The Manly students as sisted in the choir. . the archbishop's discoub.se. ????! His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was the preacher. The Festival of the Assumption which was being celebrated that day was commonly known as Lady Day. As regards honour and devotion to the Blessed Virgin, it might be said to be the crown and glory of all the feasts of the year. Faith and piety led them to believe that as the Blessed Virgin was sinless in her, birth, innocent in her conception, and absolutely spotless in her life, ehe was in death unlike the other children of Adam. In the ordinary course of humanity, when we are deposited in the grave we moulder into dust, and it was the Christian belief that only at the sound of the trumpet of the Archangel would the scattered particles 'be brought together and bnr bodies be reunited with our souls. But in the case of the Blessed Virgin, the Mother of the Redeemer was not allowed by God to see corruption in the grave. Soon after her holy- death — death which came to her, not as a punish ment, but in the course of human nature— her body and soul were assumed by her Divine Son into Heaven. She was received into Heaven as the most favoured and most blessed of God's creatures, the. one most intimately associated with the Sacred Hu manity of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and by virtue of this high dignity placed above all the angels and saints. We celebrate in her holy and painless death her anticipated resurrection and her enthronement in heavenly glory with her Divine Son. As she was without the stain of original sin, her whole perfectly pure and spotless life was but as a passage from this world to the brighter one of everlasting happiness. The Church had sanctioned this faith and connrmed the devotion of the faithful to the Blessed Virgin, by instituting this Feast of the Assumption. And are we not justified in this devotion to Our Blessed Lady under the title of the Assumption ? True, it was not an article of defined faith — this recognition and honouring of the Assumption, but from the re pords of antiquity they knew that this particular devotion had spread throughout the Church in early days, and that it had become a blessed bond of union between the Mother of God and her children on earth. Houour to the Blessed Virgin, the preacher went on to say, was one of the points of objection most frequently taken by those outside the Catholic Church. Let them that morning con sider briefly the grounds for their veneration, and their reasons for seeking her intercession. The very phrase the 'Blessed Virgin' frightened many outside the Church and aroused their hostility. They regarded the very title as something extrava gantj something extreme, something not .sanctioned 'by God or Scripture. They were pleased to term this form of Catholic devotion Mariolatry. These opponents made. too much of the word worship. As applied to Almighty God, the word has a particular significance— a significance confined to the Almighty .alone. But it is a word also in the use of which we include those .whom we respect, those whom we ,honour,'those who command our admiration by their ; virtues or attainments^ or any excellence greater than 'our own. There was no reason why we should not apply the term to those we wish to specially honour. There should be no doubt, no fear, no reluctance in applying it to our devotion to the Mother of God. It was the same substantially as honour or respect. If it be thac we go beyond the created to the uncreated, from human excellence to Divine majesty, if we we are honouring God and God alone, then our worship is recognized by the special name of Adoration. There may be, on the other hand, in the human creature a supernatural degree of excellence, and accordingly we show honour and veneration in a way corresponding to , the degree of supernatural excellence. It was so with the Blessed Virgin. There was a special vene ration, or worship, or regard, or whatever they chose to call it, due to the Blessed Virgin, but it was infinitely below that which they offered to Almightjr God. Why ? The Blessed Virgin, with all her hea venly gifts, was the creature of God — she was created excellence, her excellence being derived from God Himself. It was well that they should have due regard for this difference in degree and kind of wor ship, They recognized God alone as being worthy of supreme worship, to whom alone adoration was due. But they recognized, too, and believed that to the Blessed Virgin was due a special veneration, a special honour founded on her special and excep tional relations with' her Divine Son. The superior excellence, the superior sanctity of the Blessed Virgin was recognized by Our Lord Himself. To her, among all the saints of God, was due superior honour or worship, as they might choose to call it. Those who objected to the word and the dignity ifc implied would see if they looked at the matter broadly that there was no reason able ground for objection. In their every-day life it was the custom to honour or worship certain peo ple. Was not the word applied by their fellow-men to the magistrate sitting on the Bench ? It was ac cording to usual custom, as they knew, merely a word implying that a certain person or official was entitled to social honour. Then again, in the marriage service of the Church of England, the husband promised to worship the wife — mean- ing, thereby, that he would love and honour her — yet no objection was ever taken. As regards the veneration or worship of the Blessed Virgin, nothing could be more free from serious objection, nothing so little calculated to excite the enmity or anger of those opposed to Catholic doctrines and Catholic practices. Ifc would seem that only when worship was mentioned with the name of the Mother of God that objection was made. These men also made in vocation of the Blessed Virgin a ground of objection. There could be no closer relationship between the Creator and the creature than in the case of Our Lord and His Blessed Mother. Our Saviour deigned to take His human body from the chosen among all women, and as was befitting her exalted .?.'??? ' . . i position the Blesssd Virgin was endowed with a special excellence. Were they to suppose that when Our Blessed Lady was assumed body and soul into heaven by her Divine Son after death that this excellence ceased to exist ? This was one of the things in connection with which there was a great deal of misunderstanding among those outside the Church. Catholics prayed to the Blessed Virgin and invoked her intercession. This was not denied; no Catholic wished to deny it. But we never ask any favour as coming from herself. We know that ? both in the natural and the supernatural order any favour we ask of the Blessed Virgin we ask on account of her excellence, on account of her rela tionship with her Divine Son, and we know that her excellence and her title as the Mother of God gives her a strong right to plead for us, and to obtain favours and graces for us. And why should they not pray to the Blessed Virgin, to their heavenly mother ? Here on earth men, under the will and ordinance of God, pray to Heaven for other men — ask blessings for them. In the |Old Testament this was not only authorized, but com manded by God Himself. Yet those who saw nothing to object to ? in one man pray ing to Heaven for another, set up the theory that it was different when men were dead — that those who had passed away from earth had no longer the I-ower tohelp ; that it was ivrong to seek the aid in prayer of those who had passed into the next world. They say you are pra)ring to a dead person. Could anyone say that in their Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin they were prayingr to a dead person ? Those who raised the objectior. ° -vcre not even logical. Even among the living --ve address our prayers for a favour or a benefit, not to the mere body, but to the soul, Supposing, then, that the Blessed Virgin had not been assumed to Heaven. We should still address our prayers to her to Hea ven ; we should still ask her intercession as the Mother of God. Who would say that, because because transferred to a higher state — from earth to Heaven — that the Blessed Virgin no longer had the power to aid us ? If she had that power on earth while associated with the Sacred Humanity of her Divine Son, how much greater should not that power be, enthroned as she was in the company of saints and in the vision of Almighty God? The common objection, ' Why pray to those in Heaven, they cannot hear our prayers ?' showed a dreadtul materialistic state of mind. Do we not know on the authority of Holy Writ that the angels of God know the thoughts, the desires, and the fears of men ? Are we not told in Scripture of the joy in Heaven over the one poor sinner repentant ? Is it not written that the angels of little children always see the face of God? We pray to the Blessed Virgin knowing that she hears our petitions. We kno w too, by faith, that the angels and. the saints of God hear and know as far as God dssigns all those things which concern us, our parents, our relations, and our friends here below. In praying to the saints in Heaven we are in no danger. We may make up our minds that in our reverence or worship of the saints we are doing nothing wrong, nothing superstitious, nothing derogatory to Almighty God. We pray, too, to those who were dear to us on earth and who have passed to their heavenly reward, knowing by faith that through God's love and mercy they hear us and may intercede for us. Not only is this not derogatory to God's honour and gloiy — it is according to His will and express com mand. In a special manner this was true of devotion to the Blessed Virgin. We honour and love her because, first of all, of her was born in the mystery of the Incarnation Jesus, who is called Christ. We honour and love her as the Mother of Him who for our redemption cook unto Himself our human na ture. We honour and reverence and worship her because, preserved from sin as she was, she was brought into a sacred relationship with the Holy Trinity such as no other creature has been privi leged to enjoy. We love and honour her because she has been set before us by God Himself as our model and exemplar — as mother, wife, and widow. A modern writer speak ing of the Catholic Church had said that if there was nothing else to keep the Catholic home pure, it would be sufficient that they had in the Blessed Virgin ' the Rose of Charon,' the model and type of purity. In Our Lady we have indeed the per fect model, both of motherhood and virginity. In Our Lady we have the model of all the virtues — the model for all classes — for the poor and for the ex alted. In praying to her we ask nothing of herself. We ask her intercession on our behalf with her Divine Son. On this festival, therefore, and in this cathedral bearing her name, we should rejoice in celebrating the Festival of her Assumption. We should pray to her not only for ourselves, but for others, and the more we pray to her the nearer we will be drawn to God ; the more our devotion to the Blessed Virgin increases the more will the love of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost dwell in our hearts. THE MUSIC. The music consisted of Beethoven's Mass in C» which was sung in its entirety for the first time in Sydney, the principals being Mrs. Tierney (soprano), Miss Stafford (alto), Mr. Percy Shannon (tenor), and Mr. D. Clancy (bass). Mr. J. A. Delany presided at the organ, and at the ' Offertory'' Mrs. F. J. Riley rendered in an impressive manner a melodious 'Ave Maria' by Miss . Mollie Bruton, a. young Sydney composer. 