IA GREAT WRONG ; i -( 1 OB, THE uU'TSX.flRT OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE.. 7 CHATTER Yin.— OoNTnroiED. - . The door ot tbo chamber opened and Clo tilde cntoredv.'Her young lady started up with an exclamatlonof delight. . 'Ah, Clotildo, my messenger has returned ; \- Jiavo you brought mo a letter ?' 'Ho, miss, not a letter, only a card. Sir ~ Harry Tresham is in the Blue Drawing-room, and begs that yon will honor him with an wterviow.' Miss Trevethon hit her pretty Hp in bitter : disappointment. j ' How many of them are there, Olotlldo, ? that beg to be honored?' she cried, pttulantly. ' It waa Sir Hartwell yesterday, it is Sir Hairy to da/, and no doubt there will be Sir Bomebody elas to-morrow'l Why didn't yon say I was engaged?' Clotildo looked up at her imperious and beautiful mistress with imploring eyes. ' X wish you could fanoy one of them, Miss lienore,' she said, wistf ully ; ' it might be better for you 1' 'So it might, Clotildo, but I can't do it, . and I wish they wouldn't bother me, I must go down, I suppose, or we'll have Sir Harry back again to-morrow. Watch for the messenger, and take charge of any letters that come.' And the young lady swopt out and down, the stairs to meet hor titled lover. -He met her almost at the door of the draw i ing-room, a handsome gentleman, and one of ^ : i. 'the b»at matches of the seasoni ?? ?i ' Miss Trevethon,' he said, when the com pliments of the day had been passed. ' You ? ? know why I am here, no doubt, before I tell yon? I am ordered off to Belgium, and must leave England in a few days,! have come for my final answer.' ? - ' Sir Harry, I thought you had already re ceived it {'smiled Miss Trevethon. The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and ho made bold to clasp the hand he covcted, but she drew it away. ' Ah, Miss Trevethon,' be sighed, ' do not trifle with mo. Yon would not If yon could read my heart. r -j 'I have no wish to trifle with yon, Sir Harry. I gave you my answer a-week ,/ ago.' ' But I com* again, hoping yon mayreyokf \- ' your dicision.' T; i 'I oannotl' ' , ' Miss Trevethon, may I ask why ? I hav» heard that the marriage enjoined by yoni late father's will is repugnant to you.' c 'You hire heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally solemnised by a legal cere mony.' ? '? Then, will you not suffer me to hope, Misi Trevethon?' She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. j ' Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing '' to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage?' she asked. ' The young nobleman bowed. 1 'And yet you ask mo to bo your wife f' 11 1 do, indeed. It is your peerltiaa Self 1 want, Miss Trevethon ; my own wealth ia ample.' She smiled softly, and hor eyes filled with tears 'Despite the mystery which hangs over my, Soor father's name, you would give his aughter the honor of bearing your own?' i ghe murmured. , ' Oh, Miss Trevethon, is it posaiblo.that I understand you? Is there indeed hope for \- me?' cried the young man, flushing with »?- eager delight. ; - ~ - * She wa red her fair band with a gesture not £ _ to bo misunderstood. ; i \ ' Nay, Sir Horry ; I really wish I could re -? ' ward your generous loye, but it cannot be? You see thS tiny circle,' and she drew from'j , ^ her bosom the golden chain from which the ' * t. little marriage ring hung ; 'it is a symbol of the bondage which I dare not break, which, I 1 would not if I could.' V;'! t * 'Then you intend to marry your cousin; / ^ Miss Trevethon?' -r j ' No, I shall never become Richmond s Trevethon's wife ; but at the same time* * I must . consider forever sacred the .core-' f '? mony which my father witnessed and sanc tioned' j „ ' Why, Miss Trevethon, you cannot mean i that yon' will never marry 1' - - ? She bowed her queenly head. 1 ' Sir Harry I shall never marry, Since I cannot take the husband of my father's choos ing, 1 will have no other.' He began an impatient remonstrance, but ^ she cut him short. , 11 Spare yourself the, pain and me. the hearing, Sir Harry, since your words are '* wasted I repeat, I wish I could reward your i generous love, but friendship is all I have to give ' And thus they parted as Miss Trevethon „ and halt a score of her suitors had parted be fore. 'That is over,' she sighed, as shoreascended the stairs, ' I wonder if my heart !b ice, that none of them has power to move me ? I hate my. chains, and yet I would njt break them if I could.' t Her guardian confronted, her m she was passing the library door. ' Ah, Lenore, my dear, I was on the point ' of sending for you. Come in ; I haye'Bome thing to show you.' . : 7 She followed him in silence through the i, stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. ?„ r^.: ' You have had a visitor, my dear ?' hare marked, as he led her to a seat and proceeded to draw aside the curtains, j 'Yes— Sir Harry Tresham,' replied Lenore, indifferently. 'Yes, yes; I forgot to tell you to expect him He called on me yesterday with a , second offer for your hand in marriage, nnd, of course, I referred himto you, Ihope vou 1 gave tho poor fellow a final answer; he's v j dreadfully in earnest, anu It is cruel to keep j.j', ' |J him insuspense.' ??? 'I^gave him a. final answer, Sir Geof jM' . . ! '? Ah, that was right. Yon refused him, o! course, my dear f' :. v' Miss Trevethon's eyes began to flash, ibut blt'hsr lip, and answered, quietly : »'?. ' 'I refused him.' ? ' 1 at ' 'I on glad of that, my dear. And i{ - now I have' a littlo surprise for you. 'I K'-V '?'* i have been planning it for weeks, my dear, -!jyj '' ' - ? *,trni,t yon will he pleased. Now, look He drew aside the silken hangings whieh 1 separatedthecederboudoirfromasmallante i room and Lenore barely suppressed aery of surprise and admiration at the sight that greeted her eyes. :;:Hv''.TKe entire room was in a.shimmer of silks ' and laces ; robes of the costliest fabrics and if''''' ' most exquisite designs, a bridal veil- that %P'i, i -.?hone like hoar frost, surmounted by a wreath '* , .of orange-bloom, on an inlaid table a mass of \- v.' 1 fallen stars. h'\'1 V Blr Geoffrey watched her for an instant ef , .with eager eyes, and then continued : 'You can' guess what all these fineries j ,\ 2 -Z, mean,' of courso ? Your bridal trousseau, Miss f' Trevethon, and a more extravagant one fjfdWi 'never touched English shores. ? And there ii'*'';- ~ ' ' ' 'iaro your jewels, all reset and rearranged, and */, the queen could not wish a finer selection. I ^°pe you are pleased, my dear?' t*n®wi stood silent a moment from sheer 'I,!, '.-'?;amazemsnt, then sho raised her cool, calm rfl1;-: eyes to her guardian's face. ^ ' ' I n'-st rive you oredit for your tasto in /I ? seleetion, Sir Geoffrey,' she replied. ; 'The W tronsitau oould not be more elegant f hut it i 'Would have been wiser to have consulted me ~ , 'Vefofe yon ordered it. You have wasted con Vi »id?rable money to no purpose.' '*?' ' ' K«lly- now, my lore^* the baronet re i . gpondei, 'you are the first woman I ever met who found, fault with horwcddlngfinery because it cost too muoh money. I fancied -? you would be pleased at that. However, set s-';\ '? , your mind at ease, for yon can well afford ' the outlay. I have managed your fortune well, ' and the ineomo has been sumolent toi all the expense t have Manned, whilst (he principal remaini intact.' ' . The. girl curled her lip in indignant scorn, j- ' Pray, do not affeot to misunderstand me, Sir Geoffrey, 'she said. ' You know my mean ing well; 1 do not object to the outlay. There rr&s; no need to order the trousseau, for I shall never wear it.' 'Why, Lenore, my love, what tan you mean'?.!' ' You know, sir ; but you shall bear again if yon liko. I mean this : that I have no need of wedding robes, because I shall never marry.' The baronet laughod good humorcdly. . ' Pshaw, my dear ; that's all nonsense I ' ' I beg yonr pardon. Sir Geoffrey. But I am in earnest,. What I told you in the High lands I tell you here— I never will marry your son. It grieves me to disobey my father's will, and I am sorry to take tho Trevethon woaith ont ot your bands, Sir Geoffrey, but there is no help for it. You know me, and when I tell you that I have fully decided, you will not took to Induce me to chaDge my mind, for it would be a mere waste of words.' She arose to leave the boudoir, but her guardian faced her, a curious change coming over his smiling face. . ' Yon mean that I shall understand, then, that yon refuse to marry my son ? ' 'Idol' ' What if I oommand you ? ' .... She laugheddn imperial acorn. ' If I dare disobey my dead father's com mand, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, sir I ' ' W hat ii 1 force you ? ' Her eyes Sashod doOanee, 'Force, Sir Geoffrey? Do yon venture to use such a word ? You cannot force' me 1 It you presume to try, I shall resist and defy you I' 'I am your guardian, and my power is supreme 1 Girl, you will do well to submit to my wishes. 1 have granted you every in dulgence all your life; but you shall not thwart me in this. Do you think I will suffer a whim of youra to make my only son a beggar, instead of being one of the wealth last baronets in England 1 I tell yon7 you - Mali obey yonr dead father's will and marry him.' 'And I-tellyou I will not, sir,' sho an swered, fearlessly. He caught her arm, and held It with a grip that bruised the delieate flesh ; hiB cruel eyes glared upon her like the eyes of a wild beast ; his breath scorched her teeth. ' ' You fool,' he hissed in her ear, ' if you resist my will I will murder you I' The girl tore herself free of his hand, all tho dauntless blood of her race glowing in her fair cheeks.' ? ' 'You coward I ' she cried, ' to inBult and threaten a woman, and one of your own name; Bat,' she added, aB she turned towards the door, 'you are not a Trevethon ; there is some mistake. You and your son are alike ; you do not come of my race, for thoy were all brave and chivalrous gentle men.' . He sprang at her with a cry like a growl ot a panther. . , ' What ? 'he gasped, clotchingat her dress. ' What do you say ? Do you dare imply that I am hot a Trevethon She tore her skirts free, leaving the silken fragments in hiB hands. ' I Bay you aro a coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities, 'she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet ; ' and I do not believe ono drop of the Trevethon blood runs in your veins.' She strode iike an empres from the library, and be stood where she left him, his face white, his eyes glaring. 'What does Bhe mean ? ' he panted. ' It I thought sho suspected the truth she should not live an hour.', Lenore went straight to her apartments and rang for Olotilde. ' 1 ' iBhall not dross, 'Bhe said quietly. 'You can have my dinner sent up. I shall be busy .this evening and shall need your assistance. I want my best clothing packed up, for IBhall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow.' ' MIbs Lenore I ' ' Yes, Olotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I have quarrelled, and I must leave Lyn dith Hall'.' The wolnun's eye* filled withtaare, . ' My poor, dear child, where will you go?' Lenore. put forth her slim hand and patted her attendaht's.pale cheek, ' Don't fret, Olotilde,' she said ; ' I shall find a home somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, and not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth more than many sparrows I We shall not starve or perish from cold 1 Of course, Olo ' tilde,' you will go with me I ' The woman clasped her hands with a ges ture of unutterable'bain; her'eyos full or a' dumb misery that was terrible to see. Lenore looked at her in utter astonishment. ' Why, what is the matter with you, Olo tilde?' she cried. 'For pity's Bake don't wear such a face as that. You need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sura you would be, or I would not have mentioned it.' 'I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth,' the poor creature sobbed, ' but— but— I dare not 1 ' ' You dare not, Clotildo ? and why, pray ? Do you fear Sir Geoffrey ? You need not look so terrified. Answer me. Why do you fear to go?' ' Don't ask me, Miss Lenore 1 I cannot answer.'' The utter agony ot the poor soul's manner made Mies Trevethon pity her, impatient as she was of snch myBtery. ' Well, I will not seek an explanation,' sho replied, ' and you can remain behind. But you will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave to-morrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear masks, it seems tome.' ' Do not blame me, MiBsLeuore,' faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. ' Do not blame you for being bo silly, Olo tilde? rWell, I suppose I should not, Aro there any letters for me this evening ? ' . / In silence Clotildo bent over the trunk she was beginning to arrange. 'Old tilde, did any letters come this even ing 1 '! repeated her young mistress.' The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turned upon her with flash ing eyes. . ' Olotilde, why is if that you do not answer my question?' she demanded. The woman, turned round, kneeling as she was; and and raised her streaming eyes. : : ' Miss Lenore, forgive me, but I cannot answer.' ' Youoannotanswer I ' repeated the young lady, her temper rising. ' Are you demented? I tell you you shall answer me. Did any letters come? ' Olotilde's ashen lips uttered no sounds 'I see, I see,' cried Lenore bitterly ; ' they did come, and you have given them into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, you cannot deny it. You side with my enemy ? you. Olotilde, whom I have loved since my in fancy 1 I expected better things of you than to desert me In my hour, of trial.' ' Oh, heaven 1 was not my cup already full to the brim ? ' moaned the woman, letting her head fall forward on her arms. 'Oould not this have been spared me ? ' ' Get up,' Miss Trevethon commanded. ' You need not trouble with the packing ; I want no traitorous services. Leave me and go to your master. Go, I command you I and never dare to come into my presence again.' . Without a word Olotilds arose and crept out of the room. Lenpre sank into the chair and looked out ot hor window on the wintry sea bslow. ' The entire household is in league against me,' she murmured, 'and the sooner I go the better, I would leave at once only tbonight is so near. If I could have got tho letter I should have nothing to regret. I am almost sure it came. Well, I'll go to Scotland to morrow and see it I cannot ascertain. Sir Geoflrey Trevethpnshall be callod to account for bis high-handed measures if he has: dared to Intercept my private eorreepond enoe,' Meanwhile poor Olotilde, driven from tho * presence of the mistress sho idolised, made her noiseless way to a small smoking-room that adjoined the library. She hesitated for some minutes when sho reached the door, a curious expression in her poor, worn face,, and then sbo tapped twice or tbrice, ' Oomo in,' answered a grufi voice. She turned the knob and entered. The room was a cosy little den, luxuriously fur nished, and hung with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet couch, wrapped in an elegant Turkish gown, roposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Treve thon, a cigar between his lips, and a small table, on which were a decanter of brandy and a gloss, drawn up beside him. He turned as Olotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. 'Wtat the douce do you want?' he de manded. Her face was a study as she stood for an instant and looked at him, her bands pressed hard against her heart. Pain, unutterable love, and piteous despair filled her faded eyes. The young man arose, leaned on his elbow, and glared across the room. ' I say, what the deuce do you want ? Why do you stand there and gapo at mo like a fool? Out with youi business and take your ghost-face out of my sigh*.' The poor creature wio.ced and shrank awap as if a keen blade had picrced her. ' Think of the tiDje when he lay upon my heart a blessed infant,' she murmured, undci her breath, her yearning cyesBtill fixed upor his face. The baronet's son, losing all patience caught up +j]e glass from the table with s brutal oat a. ' Out with .your. bnsine63, I say,' h' thunderid, 'and take youtBelf off. The sight o. you makes my blood run cold. I'd as so' n nee a corpse as your tallow face. Dc yon hear me 7 Speak quickly or 111 let a ray of light into your thick skull.' ' 1 beg -your pardon,' sir,' she faltered, creeping a step nearer. . ' I came to speak to ' you about Miss Trevethon.' The young man put down the gloss, and % look of interest liited his inflamed eyes. ' Well, what of Miss Trevethon ?' he de manded. ' She is coming to ber senses, no doubt.' *' She's dreadfully set against her father's will,' Clotilde went on, made bold by the hope of serving the mistroas she loved, ' She will be miserable for life it you force her to become your wife ; and yet, if she refuses, she loses all her father's wealth.' ' Curse you I don't I know that? Is that all yon have to say?' roared the hopeful, heir. 'If yon would only have patience and hear me,' continued Olotilde, her very heart in her mouth, yet resolute to accomplish her object. ' If you would only bo geaerous, sir, and not hold her to that marriage of her ohildhood. You might refuse to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obliga tions to you, and then she could still hold her fortune, and I am sure sho would reward you handaomeiy, and you would be both eo much happier.' 'Did she send you here with' that non sense?' interrupted her hearer. ' Indeed, Islr, no. It occurred to me that it you refused her, instead of the refusing you, the fortune need not pass out Of her hands ; and I thought — ' Take that for your impudence,' cried Richmond, his face purple with rage; and seizing the glass again ho sent itflyihg at the woman's head. She dodged it with a suppressed Bhriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at Sir Geof frey's feet as he entered the smoking-room. Seeing Clotilde bis eyes took on their wild glare, and stalking up to the poor cowering creature, he clutched her arm with a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips. 'What's this? What aro you doing here?' he demanded. Why, she's here to persuade me to retuse to many Mias Trevethon,' put in the son, sinking back into his recumbent position, ' and I threw the glass at her. I wish you would send her out of the house. I can't see why you want such a dough-face about you.' 'I can see,' the baronet replied. ' I have work for hor to do. Olotilde, follow me to ' the library.' She looked at him as be uttered the com mand, and sho cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur. ' Have you broken your oath ? Have you dared to tell my son ?' demanded Sir Geof froy, as he closed tho library door. , ' No, I have not broken my oath, I have not told him.' The words dropped from her ashen lips in husky whispers. 11 It is well for you,' the baronet madi answer, clutohing har bruised arm again ' Let me even suspect you, and you shall die a death of lingering torture 1' ' I have suffered that for years. Oh, Heaven, will the end never oome I' she moaned. He threw hor from him with brutal force. ' Silenoe I' he thundered. ' No whimper, ing. Sit down and hear me ; I have work foi you.' Without a word she regained her feet, and sat down in the seat he indicated, her handi folded, her ashen face like stone. CHAPTER IX. : LENOEE SWALLOWS THE BAIT. The next morning Lenore sat in deep thought at her chamber window, half in clined to send for Sir Harry Tresham, and repudiate the marriage of her youth by ac cepting him, She felt herself alone in the world, and tho sense of desolation brought tears to ber eyes. She arose as the breakfast bell rang, hur riedly dried her eyes, and went down to meet her guardian. . He received her at the door of the break fast parlor with a pleasant smile and a pro-, found bow. ' My dear Lenore,' he began at once, ' I have beBn waiting for you this hour, to beg your pardon. I am a passionate man, my dear, and my temper ana my disappointment got the better of me yesterday. You will forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words ?' Tho young lady bowed frigidly. 'It matters. little, Sir Geoflrey,' Bhe re plied, ' whether I forgive or not. Your wordB ot yesterday have changed our rela tions for all timo. I leave Lyndith Hall to day.' A curious smile was visible In the baronet's gray eyeB. i ' Lenore, my dear child — ' j. ' I leave Lyndith Hall to-day,' interrupted bis ward. No word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, can induce me to remain ; hence, I beg you will not trouble me with importunities. The Trevethon wealth yon can manage , as you see fit, until it passes out of your hands. Henceforth tbo small income left me by my dear mother will suffice forme; and now, it you please, I will have my break fast.' . „ She swept by him and into the breakfast room. ' As the queen wills,' smiled Sir Geoffrey, with a second bow. The baronet's son waa not present. He had left the Hall at an early hour to ride with the hounds from Deerhurst, a country seat not far distant ; so Miss Trevethon and her guardian breakfasted alone. '' 'My dear Lenore,' began that worthy gentleman, stirring his coffee, 'it you must leave Lyndith Hall this morning, may I ask where you purpose going?' 'I have not yet decided as to my destina tion,' answered Lenore, coolly, ' and if I had Sir Geoflrey, I am quite suro I ihould not gratify your curiosity. Aa I told you a minute ago, your words of yesterday, have changed our relations foreVtr. Wherfa man (I will not say gentleman, Sir Geoflifey, for gentlemen never insult women) insults me once, I make it a point to give him no chauce to repeat the indignity. You insulted apd threatened me yesterday, and henceforth1 yoji and I are strangers.' The baronet's face whitened and his eye* flashedj but he bowed again, and repeated, (7V tt Continued.) 