IlltEAT TOM ;| OB, THE ' MYSTERY Of BLACK / MOLLOW GRANGE. " ' ij CHAPTER X (Oontinced.) 1 / Lenore draw back with a stifled cry, half v Suffocated by tho foul air tlint came rushing /up. "An ugly sort of place, my doar," pro ceeded Sir Geoffrey, ns be replaced the panel, land you havo not scon the worBt of it. It is lan old dungeon in which the border chiefs vied to bury their criminals when they were doomed to death by starvation. There are dead men's ghosts, and other loatbBome thing) down there, Mies Trevethon I Such a place would not Bnit a dainty lady liko yon, who has been used to eatin-hung .boudoirs, eo, my dear !" The revolting picture ho had drawn made IXisnore shudder.' " While my son and his supposed bride," lie continued, " will be on ttaoir bridal tour, tycu, my dear, will bo there, where the dontl men's bones moulder, dying a liviug death." The girl's lips quivered painfully, and a (deadly faintness crept over her, but ber glorious eyes Btill flashed indignantly. In the face of the merciless guardian who held Iher life in his hands, in the face of bis son, (watching her with evil exultation, in the face jof this horrible death he bad threatened, she Jdid not quail. "I say nothing, only what I havo already aid, Sir Geoffrey," was her quiet answer. The baronet chuoklod lnoredulously. " A life of luxury and pleaovre, as my son's (wife, la ooxtainly preferable to being bnriefl alive, my dearand you are too sensible a girl to waste an instant In deciding between tho two. Oomc, now, take Richmond's arm, end 1st the marriage proceed. Once his wife, fooune, you give your word to keep silent tonohlng to-night's adventuroB, and not another thing is required of you. If you nnd fyotthbrldograom do not happen to find your selves very much in lore after marriage, you IwilLnot be forced to bill aud coo. You may jset.np.separate establishments if you like, follow" your own wills, and pleaso yourselves ps you fanay your fortune will warrant it." I -Oaoo more the waitiug bridegroom ad- wanaed to take his bride's hand, i SHo.turned upon him with haughty indig- nation, "If I had ever dreamed of obeying my poor father's will, if I bad ever thought of becom ing ybur wife, do yon think I wonld do so now?" Bhe criod. "I now know you both as you.are, father aud eon, a pair of mur derers 1 I soy aqain, as I said before, there is some mistahe. You are not of tho Trevethon raoo." BiaiGeoffcoy,,, gnashing his teeth in his engor, drew a-daggcr from bie breast, and flashed it before her eyce. " Silence I" ho thundered, " or I'll drive it hilLdeep into your heart," Sho eluded his grasp and darted across the room, tore aside the tattered curtain, and shivered the glass in the window with a /single blow of hor dainty hand, i " Murder imurder !" Bhe cried, her voice ringing llkoa silvez trumpet above the clamor of theBtorm. Tho baronet and his son both buret into mocking laughter. ; " You may shout yourself hoarse," eaid her ! guardian, " but no one will hear you. Do (not forget, Miss Trevethon, that you are iu (the Haunted Manor i" ! The girl shuddered from head to foot, but (she put her face to the broken pane and j cried out again " Murder I Murder I" ( Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and dutohed her arm. " Come, we have had enough of this," be i said, his face working with anger, his cruel \- j fingers impressing, themselves upon her arm. Lenore Trevethon, for the lost time I ask I you, will you marry my son ?" " I will not," was her unhesitating anBwer. CHAPTER XI. A WILD WEDDING-NIGIIT. A wild night shutting down upon the Scot tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gcrtbart's wed- \- ding nigbt. He stands in ihe door-way of bis father's house, arrayed in his holiday garments— a tall, haudsome youth, with an eyo like au eagle's and the bearing of a prince, albeit he iB the son of humble parents. His mother comes forward, with his heavy coat iu her handB. " It is high time you were off, my son," sho says. " The dark comes swift these winter evenings, and the walk you have before yon i is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am brose ; it won't do to keep the little Isabel waiting on her wedding-night." Bhe is, or has been, a handsome woman in \- 'her time, this mother of the tall young mountaineer. Bhe is tall and straight as a dart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. Her husband, Donald Gerhart, has tied a seafaring life ever since tbeir marriage, and Ambrose and his mother have been left ia great deal to themselves, and are very 'tenderly attached to each other. Never but once has the mother been parted from her boy, and that was when he made a voyage to the Spitsbergen coast with his father. Bhe looks at him now with a curious mix ture of tenderness and regret in her dark eyes. | "To-morrow he is to bring home his brido; and Bhe takes him in her anus and kisses \- him tenderly, her dark eyes running over with tears. 1 Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome in re. turn. " Good.by, mother. HeaYen keep yon safe until my return." ' He departs, and his mother standi in the duor-way and watches him out ol sight. I " My brave lad," she museB, a carious, wist. . iful look in her eyes j "handsome enough to bo the king's son and wed with a priitoess. '.But Isabol's n bonny lass, and she'll bring (him a snug little dowry, and he'll bo happy and prosperous. I could not part from him now. He is discontented aB it is, but if he know his history he'd leave me and go roving ' to the ends of the earth ; and what would -Donald say, after sailing the seas for a score I' of years, and hoarding gold for his only son! Nay, nay I" throwing up her hands with an impassionate gesture, " I cannot tell now ; 1 nevor can tell him. I've locked the secretin my heart, and I'll carry it with me to my grave." i The night fell swiftly, and the storm Igsthered fury with every passing minute, ! The mother nnd father, the latter having . returned soon after the departure of Ambrose, sat before their blazing hearth aud heard the wild riot of the blast. ' " 'TIS a bitter night, Donald," said the rhesUhuBband. '"trustTtaladm reaoh Eellside ail sate. If be bad only takan the Don!!u"laugha derisively, as he rubs his hands together over the blaze. "As if the lad needed the eollie.wife ? You think him a boy yot? Why, Ambrose could ' -find bis way blindfold, though the drifts be ueok-deop, Never worry for him. He's safe at the Eellside by this timo, and will soon be IsabBTe husband." But nt that self-same momont Ambrose Btood panting and irresolute at the foot of a great snow-clad peak. Surely ho had lost his way, albeit be had roamed for years amid these wild Highland billB. He paused aud looked about him with be- whirling masses that almost took'nwayhiB . brXhero could be no doubt about it ; he had ' last his way I He should be down in the sheltered valley, and here he was climbing amid the storm-shaken bills. Ho must have . > been bewitohed or bewildered, be thought, to have lost so unaccountably hie way; he who had trod these hill-paths from hiB V , boyhood | he who had been ia the habit "'Vsr crossing these. snme wild moors every ' Saturday plght, on his way to the Eellside Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with the thunder of the blast in his ears, in imagination he pictured the ' gay company gathering nt the Fellside, and saw Isabel, in her white wedding robes, awaiting his coming. ' . He had never been over anxious in regard to this murriago, though he was fond enough of Isabel. Tho match was of his good mother's planning. Ambrose would never havo dreamed of matrimony of bis own will ; his desires and aspirations ran in quite a dif. ferout way. From a lad ho had been discon tented, aud longed to Beckfamo and fortune in foreign lands. Flocks and herds, and "gold nnd sillor" fnilod to snti3y his long- ingo; but his mother's pereuasions hud kept him at tho Highland home, nnd it was through her that he was over brought to mako love to Isabel and consent to n marriago with her, the prettiest loss in the country. As ho thought of bis brido awaiting him, he determined to strain every nerve, risk every danger, to reach the Eellside form in time. He started on again at a brisk pneo, A great, gusty drift drove him back ; but ho was on hiB feet again In an luEtant, and on bis way ; ho was resolved not to keep his bride nnd her weddiug-gucsta wait ing. But the darkness deepened nnd the anoW shut him in liko a winding-sheet. He paused a second time, and strained liis eyes to pierce the gloom. He could just make out the dark bill-line beyond which was Black Hollow Grange. He had waudcrcd miles out of his way, for the Eellside farm nestled in a shel tered valley far below. He turned to retrace his steps, when a glimmering light oame before bis eye. It evidently gleamed from the window of the Hiuntcd Manor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated oreath aud distended eyes. For years ho had trod these mountain paths, and never before uad he seen a light in that abandoned and accursed dwelling. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, tbis High, land mauor, green with mould aud over grown with ivy, the hurnc of bats and owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill-folk averred. Human creatures shudder as they passed its ponderous gates, and few dared Bet foot in its mouldering halls. He stood there, nnd a great owl fluttering down the stair-way frightened him, hero ns be was, well-nigh ont of his senses. He thought of it now, and of the old stories he bad heard from the lips of the Highland dames, as lie fixed Ills eyes upon the glim mering light, and wondered if the murdered lady had come out of her grave to visit the manor this stormy night. But there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep breath aud started on again, fancying that he was going toward the valley. But that twinkling light in the window of the Haunted Manor seemed to draw him upward with a strange powor. For his life he could not keep his eyes from it, as he Blowly struggled through the blind- . ing snow. At last he fell, faint and breathleBs, and ho rashly resolved to rest for a few mo ments. Gradually tlie white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, luring- forgetfulness slowly stole ever hlm,;and his eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was to die, he struggled to his feet. Ho stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and dazed aB lie was, ho fancied be was nearing the Eellside farm, and saw tbe light shining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, yntil he fell again, his strength utterly gone. As ho dropped upon the snow he clutched at some white, spectral thing which rose above tbe drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. He srtugglsd to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about bim with dilated eyes. To his amazement lie realises that bis footstepB have led him to the shunned precincts of tho Black Hollow ; and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside tbe stono cross above the murdered lady's grave. A hoarse cry breaks from his lips. He relaxes his grasp of tho ice-cold grave-stone, and falls faoe downward in the snow. How long he lies there bo never knows; A shrill cry of agony brings him to his senses— a woman's cry. " Murder I Murder 1" Ambrose gains his feet, now life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makee hie way toward it. He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open gate into tbe wide park. The old manor looms up distinotly bsfore bim, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. "Murder! Murder I" Again that awful ery, nhrill and wild, above the clamor of the storm. He looka up, and at the lighted window he sees a face. Only for an instant, but in that instant he recognises it as tho faco that has haunted his dreams since the hour he saw it in the moonlit valley below. White and wild vrith mortal agony and terror, it flaBbcs upon him for a moment ; in tbe next-, it is gone, and tbe yellow ligbtsuddeuly dis appears. A great throe of pain and rapture stirs hie breast. Through the drifts he dashes ou. He will save her, or die in the attempt. He reaehes the terrace, and gropes along to the front ontrance. The door swiuga.on its hinges, and bo dashes into tho wide, windy ball. A blast like tbe breath of the grave meets him, chilling tho blood in his veins. But he dops not pause. He rusheB on, and his hand is on tbe railing of the black stair-way, when a lost cry breaks the silence— a ory so pitcoiiB, so imploring, so full of mortal torror aud agony, that it brings an anBwer from his lips. Shouting until the vaulted arches ring with the echo of bis voice, he goes leaping up the stairs ; but ore be reaches the first landing something clutches him ; a strong hand grapples liis throat ; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down the broad steps. Hardly aware of the oxtent of bis injury, but conscious of bis fait waning strength, be struggles to bfs feat and staggers aro nd. For only a few minutes lit) is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscious in the snow. CHAPTER XII. "THEItE'8 MAN A SLIP 'TWIXT THE OOP AND ME LIP." The old Eellside farm-house gleams with ruddy lights and rings with merriment. Great fires roar in every oliimnoy, the old- fashioned halls glow with warmth and com- fort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room n long table extends, white with homespun damask', and all a-glltter with quaint china and silver, nnd laden with thIn the maiuroom0thodwedding guests aro momentarily assembling, and in his arm- hearth, sUb Bqiilr<? Molvilie, master of tho Eellside farm, and father of tho brido. Pretty, dove-eyed Isabel, the youngest born, and idol of her father's heart, io iu her chamber, beiug arrayed for her mar- r 'The old man, sitting in his cosy cornor, hears tho patter of hor light feot overhead, and a smile lights his round, rubicund faoe. How pretty she will look, he thinks, when ihe comes down in her white wedding robes. He lins expended n round little sum on her outfit, just to pieaso her, the vain, childish thing, for ho could well afford it, and Isabel was tho apple of his eye. Sho wnB a babe when he buried pretty young mother reanulher throligh all the'Jeare of her young lifo in hie very bosom, so to apeak. And the is such a beauty, and so fond of pretty iinHon'ce Maud, hor eider aiBter, ws. eeut to 3«22\?IK?S£SS7 nawa&'Kfl- of her father's choosing. - For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not the little moorland belle's sole lover. She bad them by dozens, great, honest, lumbering fellows, who worshipped tho very eod pressed by her dainty feet, and tor not one of whom the little oonuotto oared a fie. But there was one, a young Englishman of whom she had grown very fond. He was down at his father's shooting-box for the summer months, and ohance drew him to tho Eellside farm. A handsome, seholnrly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthur Mar. lowe, Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son nnd heir, a born arletoerat, with somo of the bluest of British blood in his veins, and a rent-roll large enough to satisfy a priuoe. Moreover, ho was the betrothed lover nnd elected husband of Lady Bianca Dris- col. Tho engagement was of long standing ; a sort of family arrangement, ia which tho young heir expectnnt bad, 'no Bay whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his seniors. Hitherto, be bad Bhown no unwillingness to aboy, and had rendered a sort of passive homage to the patrician faoe of Lady Blanch, heiress in her own right to a fortune of some twenty thousand pounds per annum. No Bmall consideration truly, and Sir Hereford, a man of inordinate prido and ambition, entered into tho negotiations touching tbo alliance, mid had tbe pre- limtnaries ell arranged long bofore his son attained his majority. Tho Lady Bianca wore a sparkling on- gagemcnt ring on her slim, white linger, and was haughty and dignified, as became a peeress of her standing, iter mind chiefly intent upon tho acquisition of accomplish ments requisite for the bigh,stat!on she was destined to fill. .. Meanwhile, young Arthur went through his university courso at Oxford, and one autumn day fate took him to the Highlands, aud tbo Eellside farm. Ho met little Isabol, and straightway did what he lmd ' never dreamed of doing before, nlflauced as he was, fell in love. The details arc nlways tho same tbe. world over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will suffice to say that Arthur met tlio little moorland beauty, and loved her madly from the first. _ She loved him iu return, or fancied she did, which was all the same, for Bhe was a swcee, dove-like little thing, all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers , and the young Englishman was a bold and resolute wooer. When he asked her to be his own, forget ful, In tho romance of his delirious dreams, of those other chains that bound him, Isabol drooped her dove eye3 and hid her blushing clioefc upon his shoulder, and answered "Yes." _ But it turned ont that the master of Fell, side farm was made or sterner stuff than his pretty daughter, aud when the baronet's son sought him a little later, and re- quested his sanction to the engagement, ho received for answer a prompt denial. " No, sir. What do you take mo for, demanding my daughter's hand in this off., hand tunnner, and you a lad barely out of knee-breeches?" " I — I — nm one-and-twonty," falters Arthur, " nnd I love your daughter, sir, and she lovcs'me I" . < The farmer's atom face softened. " Sho :does, eh? the little fool. Well, young mnn, I've no fault to find with you, nnd I don't onre to make my little girl un happy. She is as good as she Ie pretty,' and worthy to be tho wife of the best man in England ; but there's a difference, you see, betwixt your family and mine.- Your father is Sir Hereford Marlowe, Baronet, and I am plain Hugh Melville of Eellside farm ; not that I think myself one whit the worse for it, you understand. But I never did_ believe in mating sparrow-hawks with robins. No good ever comes of it ; and 'I've excellent prospects for Isabol. 8ho can wed with one of the worthiest lads in the land, and some day she'll say the word. But like enough, she won't say it, now that you've turned her silly brain with your nonsense." " She never will, sir,!' put in the bnronet'i son, indignantly. " She has given me hei promise never to marry any man except my " Fudge I What does her promise iimoani to, or yonre cither, for that matter," laugher the farmor. "Both of you are too young to know your own minds. And let me tell you, sir, my little girl, pretty as sho is, won't inlt you. You'll coma into your title by anc by. You should marry some etately ladj auited to your position. What will mj little Isabel do iu your grand houso, amid all your lords anu ladies ? Why she'd droop and fade like a mountain pink shut up in s hot-house; aud in six months' time you'd feel ashamed of her, and regret your mar rioge. " No sir, nover I 1 love her too well for that," cried the young lover, excitedly. "No daughter of raino Bhall evor enter any family uninvited," the old man con. tinued. " I'll tell you what I'll ngreo to Let your father, Sir Hereford Marlowe, send me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daughter and then, sir, if after twelve months' proba tion, you and the loss still keep the same mind, you may marry as soon as you ploase. Now, that's fair enough, isn't it ?" Arthur's countenance falls, and he seeks Isabel, and complains sorely of her father's bard decree. Iiut in the end he is forced to mbmit ; for when onco his mind is made up tho farmer is rb immovable as one of the great oaks that ilnuk his green meadows. The young man, however, is madly in love and bout upon having the moorland beauty for bio wife. He makes a flying visit to the ancestral mansion, Marlowe Hall ; seeks au interview with Sir Hereford, and with great trepidation and hesitation gets him to under itand the naturo of bis wishes. "You wish to break your engagement wltb Lady Bianca Driseol, and marry tb""., daugh ter of a Scottish farmer?" Arthur bows, his heart beotingtoo rapidly .u admit of words. Tho old baronet lays iside his gold spectacles, aud tups his jewel- .ed suuff-bax with highdired composure. " Very woll, sir," he answers deliberately, jut with an ominous gleam in his eye ; "you jorne of age next weok, and can then do as fou like, Break with Lady Bianca and marry this girl if you boo fit ; but remember, fir," nnd he strikes the table with a force .hat makes the young man jump in his seat, ' the day and hour you do it I cost you ofl (or all time I I have the power to do It, you caow. Tho bare title will be yours at my leath ; but not one rood of the Marlowe .and, not ouo shilling of the Marlowe income s.entailed. A word of mine can cut yon ofl i beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you c,reak your engagement a beggar you shall ie, aad my curse shall follow you till my lying day. There, sir, you havo my on iwer ; nnd Bince you request it, I'll send it iver to your Sootch 'armer by tho nes1 .iosY" Arthur agahrrisits' tho'pahllside fmm, wfficb mi doeo with all possible haste, he finds that his fathcr'o letter is ahead of him. Maud Isabel's oldest sister, meets him. and uiher. him into tlie bbst room, where the squire re " I have received your father's reply, sir,' thu offended farmer begin, at once; « and no words aro needed between us. If you are a man of honor you will leave my house a (duT' neV<"' ""k t0 BC y (UuGhtM Arthur tries to expostulate, but tho saulrs charmer, aud feeling like ouog8tunPncd in hi! Ho ra turns to Oxford nnd to his books ?mpoMiblCtermlll0d l0r8Ct ' bUt he finds 41 j (To he coniiiHtd.) arUsts are tt "'10" Giles: Them 