POPERY AND ' PDPPERY: Sr-CERBOTAL SIDELIGHTS. OK EA.SLY ANGLICANISM Heary VIII. and tha 'Virgjiu ' Queen. Peers, Prelates, aad People. Some Sample Saints aa& Martyrs. ii B. Austin.] The - Daily Telegraph,' evidently feeling that ? the sacred cause of Freetrade and Freedom ' ii beginning to lose somewhat of the sweet savoucof novelty, hM been busy dnring the last fortnight in seeking to im part to it a strong dose of the good old Dutch-Orange flavor. In two succeeding Saturdays' iinupo tho - Telecrranh ' has been vigorously twisting the tail of the Yellow Pup, with the xesvlt that that ?curry our has emitted such a series ef ill-omened yelpa, that ANOTHER SECTARIAN SCARE seemed imminent. All the old and young men and woman oi Derry were aroused to an unusual state of vigilant activity against the wileB of the emissaries of the Pope of Bome. The first note of alarm took the form of a long article, with the sensational heading 'NO POPERY!' in which the ancient records of the Papacy, and the lives of mediaeval Popea aad Cardi nals ate raked up and laid bare, in order to ?how what a wioked, dissolute, and danger* ous section of the community the modern Catholic* are; and, by way of corollary, h«w necessary it is for all Freetraders to be Protestant! if the State is to be laved, from THE SCARLET WOMAN on the Seven Hills, and Cobdenism is to be re tained as the fiscal faith of New South Wales. Then, in the next issue came the usual bogus protest from the usual bogus Catholic champion, who, while pretending to reply to the ' No Popery' man, artfully en deavors to fan the smouldering sectarian spark into a blaze. So far the dodge has not ?ucceaded or caused any great commotion. But with a view to laying the Kia ma Ghost now seeking to burst its ceremenu, and allaying any latent anxiety which its threatened resurrection may have caused, the following PORTRAITURE OF PROTESTANTISM and its founders and early Saints and Martyrs, has been prepared as a kind of historical antitdott to the ' Telegraph's ' picture or 'delineation of the diabolical doings 'of the medieval Popei and Cardinals. Something of the sort is required in order to counteract the ill-eSeets of the surfeit of sectarian stuff to which the ? Telegraph ' has been treating the public. The follow ing historical mum? of some of the leading events of tbe so-called ' Reformation ' period, with a faithful review of some of the chief acts of the leading Protestant Sainti and Martyrs of that period, will serve as a com panion picture to that exhibited of the Popes and Cardinals in the ' Telegraph.' It will, moreover, clearly establish the fact that in all tbO3e unique qualities which consti tuted the chief claims of medieval saints and martyrs to canonisation, those of the ' Eeformation ' far outshone those of Bome. Speaking of PROTESTANT ANGLICANISM, under the Tudors, Lecky, the greatest living English historian, observes :— Oa tbe accession of Elizabeth, and before tbe Oatlio llci had glren any eigm of ilisoontent, a law was made prohibiting any religious serrlce other than the Prayer-book ; tbe penalty for the third offauce being imprisonment for life; wblle another impoied a fipe on anyoue who&UBtained; from the Anglican. Service. The Presbyterians, through a long success It.u of relgna, wore imprisoned, taandei), mutilated, teem reed, end exposed lu the pillory. Many Catholics, under faleo pretexts, were tortured a.n-1 hung. Anabaptists and Ariaiis were burnt alive. Id Ireland tbe religion of Ice immense majority of the people wai banned and proscribed ;. and wlicu. iu 1S20, the Government mani fested tome slight nish to grant It a partial relief, nearly all the IritU Prote-;«.it Bishops, under tbe presidency of Usher (the Anglican Archbishop), agiembled to protest in a solemn resolution agaluic tlie Indulgence, 'The religion of Papists' th»y said. 1 issuperatit'ooa ; their faith and doctr.ne errouaoui and heretical ; their Clrarcb, in respect o! both, n postatical. To give them, therefore, a toleration, or to consent chat they mar freely ererciae their religion, and profess tusir faith and doctrine, is ? grlevoui lin: Such ii the formidable indictment brought against Anglicanism by the foremost histo rian of the present day. Bow far this indiotnent is borne out by history will be shown in the present article, after we have briefly glanced at the fate of Thomas Crom well (the organiser of Church plunder) and some of his brother ' saints ' and ' martyrs.' After the destta of Jane (Seymour, mother of Edward VI., Henry VIII. had a hard job to get another wife. He was regarded through out the world as A UONSTEH OF LUST ADTD CRITELTY a sort of mocMoMal Blue Beard, whom bo decent or modest woman conld be tosily induced to marry. There being little more to plnnder from the Church, Uromwell set about finding his master another wife and viotim. He fosnd her in the parson of Aiue, sister of the Duke of Cleves ; bat when Henry ««ir Cromwell's choice he roared ont, like tbe ferocious human bull that he was, 1 By God. air, you bring me a fine specimen of a Flanders roue!' Though Anne was a dull, plain woman, be married her because he dared not offend her powerful brother by refusing her. Bnt he bore Cromwell a grudge for saddling him with so homely sv wife. Seven months lifter he got Oranmer to fix np another bogus divorce from her, opt d»,rjng to bring her to the block ; bnt he determined to have Cromwell's head instead. He was now enamoured of another woman, named Catherine Howard, a niece of the Cuke of Norfolk, and she and her relatives bated Cromwell, and fed M tbe King's grudge against him. Being no longer required as robber or pimp to the rojtl ruffian he was better put of tbe way, especially as he was enormouBly rich, and Henry wanted bis ricbei. He had been made Ea,rl of Btsez, with precedence of everybody but the pug, whom he represented in Parliament, intro ducing and defending all his murdering and confiscating laws. BY PLUNDERING T3IJ QHUECH AND THE POOR this miscreant' Cromwell (says Protestant Churchman. Cobbatt) ' Had got about thirty estates belonging to the monasterfa, and his house (or, rather, palace) was gorged with the fruit of tbe sucking. .... On the mprning at the JOth'of June, 1540, he was all-powerful ; in tbe Byaainjr of t^e. same day he was in prison as a traitor.' Though charged wttb heresy and tre»»on he was no more a heretic than Henry ; ano}, as for treason, there was not a shadow of a just charge against him. Bnt then the Sing wanted to enjoy his ill'gatten wealth and the new-found chirms of Catherine Howard. Cromwell beh»v«d in »d.Terjii^ as. beta* d«Be jn prosperity— the moot m9tn m4 dwtodly wretch that ever breath*! tbe br»ath of life. Init^d of praying to Cod lor pwdon t or his appstaglen, mntderjags, and robberies, he eringed ami crawled to the monster whom he had po servilely served. T(3is - valisnt soldier of tba Eeform»t4o»,' a« the martyr manufacturers call hini, who h*d hurried nen and women, peers and po« moneis, menka and nua» to the block, the gallows and the stake— this anfitut bvtoherer of the venerable Cquateas of Salis bury—when about to suffer only a tithe of what he bad inflicted., showed what A DASTARDLY CRAVEN AND COWARDLY CUB. he wm at heart. He snivelled apd robbed, wept sad prayed to Henry to save M» life. In, letton be mote to the civnl «b4 Wood* tryant he bad so willingly served, he pleaded to be allowed 'to kiss bis balmy hand oace more, that the fragrance thereof might make him fit for heaven 1 ? Shades of tho Eefor mation ? skints and martyrs I ' The balmy hand of such a lustful, lecherous beast as Henry vras surely a fitting thing for sneb a pinderex to beslsjbbar. Fancy the fragrance of unoh a p»W nuking eo unsavory a brute fit for heaven I Hume, the Atheist historian, says ' Cromwell deserved a' better fate,' and quotes the conclusion of one of his letters to the King in support of that iniane asser tion ?.— I, a most woful prisoner, am read; to submit to death, when It snail pleate Qodand your Maielty, and jet tht tr»ll flesh Incites me to call V- tout Grace lot metcf '» pudon. ot mine oflenoei.— Written »t the Tower with the heavy heart and trembling hand ot Jour HIphness'E molt miserable prisoner, »cd poor lave, Thomas OrosJwell Here is a beautiful SPECIMEN OF REFORMATION 'MARTYR' Snivelling for mercy to the wretch whom he had gladly served by denying mercy to othen. Why, a creature who conld be so base deserved to die. Judas lscariot or the Impenitent Thief was more worthy of mercy than this Cromwell. But it was not to be. The just judgment of as Almighty and avenging tiod took him off in the midst of his maudlin infamy. His master survived him leveral years. His colleague in crime, Oranmer, lived long enough to enable Mary, Henry's only legitimate daughter, to avenge the wrqngs done to her mother, Catherine of Aragon. There yet remain three other choice speci mens of these ' saints ' aad {martyrs ' in the Anglican hagiology to be noticed, viz., HOOPER, LATIMER, Al^D RIDLEY, who, by their admirers, are classed with Cranmer, and not inappropriately bo, feeing that they only differed' from him in being slightly inferior to him in ' holy ' TiHaiay Hoeper was a monk who had broken his vow of oelibacy, and, -like Oranmer, married a Flemish woman. Although he bad written agaiast pluralities, he held ttv* Bishoprics, which he got from the Protector Somerset, for assisting him to plnnder the Church and oppress tbe people under Edward VI. This Protector Somerset, who, with Cranmer, had had the young King, when only 10 years of age, crowned as a Catholic, with Catholic ceremonies, and sworn allegiance to him as a Catholic, Boon began to persecute Catholics fot being Catholios. After Henry VIII and Thomas Cromwell, be was the greatest robber of tbe Reformation. He brought his own brother to the block for opposing his cruelties aad robberies. God did not allow him to escape the same fate ; he was brought to his doom by a brother robber, that Dudley, Earl of Warwick, who, with Cranmer, after wards usurped tbe Crown for Lady Jane Grey. This Somerset was Hooper's employer, whose crimes he actively aided and abetted, Hooper himself being particularly zealous in recommending the employment of German troops to break down the resistance of England against his master's tyranny. At one time Cranmer refused to allow Hooper to preach, and for contumacy, committed him to the Fleet prison, Next cornea HONEST HUaH LATIMER.' as this turbulent traitor is sometimes called by some sectaries. This fellow, Latimcr, commenced his career not only as a Catholic priest, but as one of the most ferocious antagonists of tbe Reformation, for which Henry V1I1. made him a Bishop. He after wards turned Protestant, bat kept a, tight hold of his Catholic oishopric : but, fearing he would lose it. he abiured Protestantism, and again turned Catholic. Under Henry VIII. and Edward VI. be sent to the stake both Catholics and Protestants for being suspected of holding opinions which he him self bad formerly openly confessed ; and, finally, he was the chief tool in the hands of the Protector, Somerset, in the hiUetfttS and inhuman murder on tbe scafioldof Somerset's brother, l.ord-Thotnat .Somerset. Then -re come to the third of this ' pious ' trio. * „ THE RASCALLY RUFFIAN RIDLEY, who, as a Catholic, was made Bishop of Kochester, the see of tbe saintly Fisher, murdered by Henry VIII. Of this Bidley it is written : — Se had been a Oii/isiir bishop in the reign of Henry Till., when h« sent to the stake Catholic: who ueulon the Ring's supremacy, and troteitauts wuo denies! trausuDttaatiatiog. in Edward s reign he waa a Pro ttitani bishop, and denied transnbstantiation tinutil; and thensent to stake ProtesMats who differed from the creed ol Cranmer. He, in Edward's reign, got the ttishoprto of Loadon by a most rogaUh agreement to transfer the trrester part of its possessions to the rapacious ministers and courtltn of tune day. Lastly, he was guilty ef High Treason against Queen Mary, he h&Ting;, &s; Bishop of Xondou, preached region apd rebellion at St. rani's before the Lord Mayor and a unmerous assemblage, inviting them to fight against tbe only legitimate heir to the throne, anl support a usurper, Lady Jane Grey, in her stead ; th us endeavor Ing to produce civil war, and the deitk of his sovereign, In order that he Blight, by treason, be enabled to keep that bishopric which ho had obtained br simony, including perjury. The fact is this ' Noble Army of Martyrs ' was made np, as we have seen, of PERVERTS, PERJURERS, AND PLUNDERERS, who have been properly described as 'a set of wicked wretches, who sought to destroy their rightful Queen and her lawful Govern ment, and, under the pretence of conscience and superior piety, to obtain the means of again preying on the people.' £o much for the Reformation ? saints ' and ? martyrs.' It now only remains to- briefly trace the curse of Anglicanism through the history of the kit three hundred yean and. more, in order to see bow far the indictment of Lscky, quoted at the head of this article, is Bide out Henjy succeeded in extorting from » terror- stricken, servile Parliament, a semi-coasent to his depredations, by promis ing that when he got hold of the Cbnrch'e property no more taxes would be required. But the plunderiags were continued by him, and by hit successors, Bd ward and Elizabeth ; taxes never heard of before ware levied, and gradually increased, until the conntry, which before had bees renowned as the happiest, most prosperous, and peaceful in all tbe world, became the most wretched. Tbe whole kingdom swarmed with beggars and ruined malcontents, who conld only be kept down by hangings, burnings, brandings, and whole sale bloody executions. Elizabeth, the illegitimate daughter of Henry VIII. by Anne Boleyn, was a worthy daughter of her ferocious father. This red-haired 'virgin' virago, who cursed and Bwore like ia trooper, and had lovers enough to stock a good-sized harem, has been satirically dubbed 'ENGLAND'S VTRGHN OR MAIDEN QUEEN,' a designation which compels loud laughter from lewd men and blnshes on the oheeks of modest women, She was a hypocrite, a liar, and a cruel, callous, cold-blooded woman. Her whole life w»s a lie. During the reign of her brother Sdward she was a Protestant^ aid during that of bsr sister Mary a Oatliolie, and even at the time of Vary's death heard gnu 'in a Catholic chapel in her houie, and kept a coafeseor. Hary suspected her, and on her death-bed questioned her, and. Eliza beth, In reply, ' Prayed God tluti the Earth might epea and iwMlqw her, if the tawe not a true Roman ' Catholic\ ' But no sooner was abe on the throne, than she made- her intention «f following in the fooUtepi of her bloody father ip apparent, that the Bishops refused to crown her, 6he persecuted Pr«. teitant* and Catholics alike whp refused to recognue her supremacy jn spiritual matters, an^'on these and other grounds 'hundred) and hundreds were butchered in the most' inhuman manner— being first hnng up, then cut down alive, their bowels ripped np, and their bodies chopped into quarters.' Well might Cobbett dnb her 'THE' RACKING, RIPPINGr-UP BETSY,' wfaese little finger lay heavier on English men than the hand of even her brutal father. She racked, hanged, ripped-up.and quartered more victims than were executed dnring the three reigns of her father, her brother, aad her sister, dnring tbe first fourteen years of her long reign. Btjrpe, the Protestant his torian, states that 'she executed more than five hqndrvd criminals in one year, and wag so little satisfied with that number, that ahe threatened to und private persons to ««e toftaal !»£- sweated for profit rad gain's lake.1 She granted monopolies of various, kinds to her favorites and creaturas, which appraised aid rained the people to such a» extent that beggary, vagrancy, and robbery had to be put down by martial taw, and hundreds were executed on the gallows, and gibbeted. * ' GOOD, GREAT, AND GLORIOUS QUEEN BBSS,' She is sometimes called— ia oruel irony, surely I The chief transactions of her reign, due to her own will and power, are indelible infamies. She murdered Essex, one ot her youcKejt lows ; also alary Queen of Scots ; she seld Qal»ii in perpetuity to the French for a large, ana of money ; she it was whp had passed in the 43rd year of her reign the infamous Poo; Laws which England still retains. She it «u who hanged, drew, aad quartered hundreds of Protestants and Catholics for sincerely believing ia religions both of which the had falsely profaned ; and she it was who butchered her miserable subjects for being hungry aad poor. It was under her rule that the ' Scavenger's Daughter'— as instrument for torturing men and wemea by binding them dsuble with their hands and feet fastened together over the small of the hack— was first inventad and used. These were some of the 'glories' of the 'maiden reign' of this 'Good Bess,' of whom Whitaker— another Protestant historian— wrote :' Her life wai stained by gross licentiousness, and she had many gallants, while she called herself a maviea. Queen-' Xue time viiitti detailbe* her life as one of ' mischief and misery.' England was relieved of her in her 70th year —after she had misruled for forty-five years, This AMOROUS OLD BETSY'S EPITAPH has beta written, by one who closely f tidied her life tad manners, in the following term* : Hittorlifts hive, bmh divided I? opinion u to w hich was Hit icortt man that England ever produoed, her fs.tb.er, or Oraumtr -. but nil mankind, mastagrettua,t this was the icanl iwmun thai' ever existed in Bug land, or in the whola world, Jesebel herself not ?zcepted. A nice specimen of a religious reformer and spiritual head for a church, to be sure I Old Nick in full Anglican canonicals, preaching from St. Andrews' pulpit, would hardly appear more incongruous and ludicrous. Such are the founders ef Anglicanism and their methods. The record more than sub stantiates Lecky's indictment. Cobbett, a Protestant, has declared that tbe Anglican Church was 'bora of lost, cradled in crime, nourished with blood, and maintained by brntality and murder.' The same methods have prolonged its existence. Anglicanism, when supreme, has ever made itself the engine of persecution and the instrument of tyrants. When James I. succeeded Eliza beth HE PERSECUTED THE PURITANS in England, and the Presbyterians in Scot land. Buckle says : — Within a few years James becime master of the resources of England, and attempted by their aid to t abler i the liberties el Scotmn-i. The shameful euterprlse wbich be began was continued by hiscruel and superstitious son. Eow their attempt! failed; how Obarles I., in the effort, shipwrecked his lortoue. and provoked a rebellion which brought to the scaf fold that great criminal, who dared to conspire against the people, and who, as the common enemy and oppret∨ of ail. was at length visited with the just punishment of his sins, is kuowu to every render of butory. Now, it has to be remarked, that the chief instrument of these tyrants wai the Anglican Church, which readily lent itself to their cruel despotism, While in England it per secuted and slaughtered the Puritans under tbe name of Anglicanism- it did the same to Presbyterians in Scotland under the name of Bpiscopalianism, and in Ireland it persecu. ted, plundered, and murdered Catholics under the name of Protestantism. It preached the doctrine of THE 'DIVINE RIGHT OP KINGS at one time, and at another the lawfulness of sssaEs'indWott;- LordTOacftuiay declares in one of his et^iays that '. The Church uf England continue] to be for ruors thai li0y(jar«l4f«rvi;eiauilmtid p[ monarchy, the sleaSj enemy oi patois liberty,, thedWjpe risjut ol Einfi, Sod the duty of passively obeying oll'tbeir com mandV were her favorite tenets. She held these tenets nrjniy cuiongn times ot oppression, oerseoa tioa, pod llotntioiiBneis, while law was tramplejl dovru, wWle judgment was perverted, while theneDpls were eaten as though they were bread, puce, and but once— for a moment, and kut for a moment— when, her own dignity a Jd property were touched, she (er got to practice the suhmissioa thj had taught. This charge, damning enough in all con science, does not, however, state the whole truth. The Church of England only preached passive obedience so long as it suited her, and so long as the tyrant was on her side, because, according to Hallam, vthileat one time propounding 'plausible pleas for tyrants ' from the pulpit, she has, at another, SET HER SEAL TO ASSASSINATION. In 1558 an Anglican Bishop of West minster wrote' - A Snort Treatise on Politi cal Power,' which was published amid great Anglican applaase, 4n which rebellion against and murder of tyrants was inculcated and justified. This was tbe way in which Anglicanipm shewed it* loyalty to ito legitimate Queen Mary ; bnt then, she was a Catholic, and had determined t-hat a portion, at least, of the plundered Chnreh property should be iurrrendered back t? the poor. This |ame Anglican Church when espousing the cause of thj tyrant Charles I, end his licentious son, Charjes II,, preaphed something quite different. It then iet the seal of Its approval to. a monstrous public ijion entitled, 'Qprniljei tgainit Rebellion,1 in which those who resi»t*d tyranny were consigned to hell in the following Christian Anglican spirit; :— Eternal damnation Is prep§rel lor all Impenitent rtbtliinfleliwitW Eatts, thVftrat founaer of mb»1 ltoa. Bftven U tbe place of nod. Obedient lobjeott, aad Hell the, prison and dunftta of rfbelj against 0od and t|b«ir Princ.. Bnch is the teaching of that Church whjch supported tfee ?Heformer*.' genry VIII., Edward VI,, Elizabeth, and their worthy succmiom, Jam*? I, «,nd Charles I,, and Charles II, bat advocated the murder pf Mary, and rebelled and cojjipired against, and finally drove Jame II, from the throne, to make way for a Dntchmah to rule ore r England, and to finally usher in tbe alien rule of TSE ItfFAMQUS GERMAN . GEUtpgcs whose descendants now reign in Eng land, and afflict the country with a swam of foreign parasitical princelings. These same Anglican churchmen, according to lord Uacaulay, availed themselves ot the atrocious lies of such unmitigated perjurers as Titus Gates, Cantata, Bedloe and Danger field to jadieally murder Catholics for alleged complicity in a bogus Popish plot, which they knew to be a vile invention concoted for poli tical purposei. Dnder the panic thus created scores were murdered on the scaffold in cold blood, among others the good and innoeent Lord Howard, a Catholic. They trl«d to exclude the Onke of Fork from the throne because he waf a Catholic ; aided and abetted the rebellion of Monmouth, one of the bas tards of Charles II., who tried to usurp the threneaad had proclaimed himself King; and then, when Lord William BnueU and Algernon Sydney were executed for op«« plicity in kis tMMOR, the Anglican Church dnbfew them Christian martyrs I The park it played win William of Orange, the \- Dutok Deliverer,' uwUr Anne and the Foni GreenM, MM WMiem IV, and its present attitude towards popular liberty under Queen Vipfeprjft, prorej it to hare Nen true to its origin; »4 to havepreserved the instincts of its progenitoii. Happily its day of power is past True its BUhpps still preach prpperty in it* State pulpits, and OPPOSE THE RICrHTS OF TBE in the House of Lords; bnt public opinion has already decreed its destruction. It has been dJsertabi}she3 )n Ireland; it has. long since ceased to wl»Ut * ie»Wy Bt»te chnreh in Scotland; England and ^Vales are cl»moring to be reliefed qf its Incubus ; and 'ere long it. will h-ve altogether ceased to ejciit as a guts Church, Wban that day comes, Yellow Pnppery wll} become fterejwkat it is hilt beawntae tare, en opprobrious * fad ? by means of whift a cUqne p|cleric»l cranks end designing political wirepullers play up on tbe credulity of their dup»-«d pick (heir jwoket*. 1 