THE MELBOURNE CUP. A GREAT RACEHORSE. [BY "CAULFIELDITE."] The news received by wire yesterday that Newhaven had won the Cup did not greatly surprise moBt of us, *s he was 6nch a strong favorite, but when further paiticalais arrived and it was found that he led from start to finish and won in a common canter by s x lengths, everyone wondered what tort, of a racehoise the year of grace, 1896, bad brought forth. And then the time! 3min 28$6£C, only a quarter of a second behind the record put up by the mi»hty Carbine in the same race six years ago. And, besides this, he carried a greater weight, 7*t 131b, than has ever before bten borne to victory by a three-year-old in the Melbourne Cup. Martini-Henry, the laBt three-y«ar-old coic who won the double, carried 7st 51b, and, pievicus to that, Grand Flaneur, Chester, Briseie, and Lantern, the only other horses who scored in bath even's, carried less than 7st in the Melbourne Cup. Verily he must be, as one enthusiast said when he saw the lesult, not a racehorse but a steam engine. His pertoimance of going to the front and remaining there, winning by Eix lengths, has never been eq nailed, and probably a gr at many years will e'aj se before it if, if ever. One can imagine the scene at Flemington when this great colt passed the post, the joy of backeis and the chagrin of the books. 1 can almost see some of those bookmakers of a day on the flat, who imagine that all the stock-ih-trade they want to win a tmall fortune over the Cup is an empty bag, an entiie absence of c pital, and a pair of leather lungs, as they s?e the horse they have overlaid winning so eatily that there is not the shadow of adoubt of it, not waiting to see the judge hoist the numbers, but bounding like antelopes towards the Saltanter River, swimming acroB'e, and then liiein'g away to • some safe place to dry their clothcs before the infuriated backers of the winner have discovered' 'that \hey»are missine. It must have been a grtat day at Flemiugt.cm from every point of view, and the hill would resoucd with tbe plaudit.- of the multitude when mch a popular favorite got home first in the greatest long-distance handicap of the yi»nr. Seeing that Newhaven is admitted to be the gieatest racehorss we have had since the d»ys of Carbine, if not a rival of "Old Jack," it may be as well Jo take a glance at his tabulated pedigree :— Tlie Baron Focaliontus Uirileatoher Krhiiiim. (ileueoe MarjR'ssa Touclistnnc llrocadi! Faugh-a- lJallugli Fuutaloim Itiiinliaziiie Sir Hercules (jiiiooicili Daughter of Newnilnster Flighty Stockw 11 Bliuk Bonny CotlicrKtoiH! Folydorsi Fuutiilooa Touchi-toiie Beiiswiiig Flying D't<;luii'ii Luuaey The Baron l'odiihoutas Melbourne Queou Marv Touchstone Emilia Vau Ga'tn Sybil The Premier (imp) Dinah Villi Trouip Little Cassino The Ugly Uuck Sylph Tory Boy liaronoBs Gratis Mare bred in N.S.W In August of last year Newhaven made hiB bow to the public at Geelong, where he ran unplaced in !he Two-year-old Stakes lo Bertram. In the following month he journeyed to Caulfield, where he did DOC distinguish himself, running nowhere in the T«o-year-old Handicap, won by The Officer. He was again unplacfd in a similar )ac*at Flemington in tbe same month, won by Tbe Hummer. Newhaven then came out of his thel', winning tbe Nursery at Caulfield, defeating two good oneB in Coil and Kobold, and followed this up by landing the Maribyrnong Plate, Coil and Kobold again tilling the t itnatione. In January Kobold had hiB revenge, Newhaven failing to concede him 161b. in the Normanby S rakes, though he ran a good second. At Geelong in February he turned the tables on Kobold, the latter running second to him in the Sires* Produce Stakes. He was soon back again in the metropolis, where he could only succeed in getting third in the Oakleigh Plate, won by Coil. At the Flemington Autumn Meeting he won the Ascot Val^ Stakes, and ran second in the AH-aged Stake?, won by Hova. He then took-the trip to Handwick,and after .running third to Coil in the Champagne btakes, won the Easter Stakes, Cydnus finishing second, and Gozoczar third. This closed his twoyear-old cueer, and he then went into winter quarters. Newhaven made his debut as a three-yearold at Caul field in August, and put up an excel'ent performance by winning the Balaclava Stakes, one mile, carrying 8st 101b. It was for some time doubtful whether he would be sent to Sydney for the A.J.C. Ppring Meeting, but at the last moment it was decided to do 'so and the wisdom of it was evidenced by his appropriating the Spring Stakes and the Craven PJate, making hacks of his oponents. His running at Caulfield is of too recent a date to merit more than just passing comment. His defeat in the Guineas by The Officer was totally unexpected, and the opinion will now be very general that the riding of Anwin must have been in a gr^at measure contributory to his downfall. His next Appearance was in the Derby on Saturday last, and it is now a matter of history that his opponents had not the ghost of a chance, with him, and he treated bis 24 opponents in the Cup yesterday in the same manner he had done to the bitch of three-year-olds in the, Derby. Altogether, Newhaven has started in 17 races, out of which he has won 10 of them, run second twice, third twice, and finished three times out of a place. In truth, he is a great racehorse, and now thut Carbine is expatriated it iB as well to know that we have a horse worthy to step into his shoes, as no doubt is this son of NewminBter. 