The Unfathomable. TOLD BY A DEEP-SEA EN GINEER. ' Hollo, Logan! glad to see you've picked op. Here's Mr. Danvers; he's food of paying db a visit down here.' I bad just got into tbe engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound as usual for Oape Town. I was tbe second engineer, and hid come aboard a week ago' 'ecarcely recovered from a low fever. J%is was tuy first appearance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Hr. Danvers, one of the passengers with whom I had made great friends, smiled. " ' Sea air does woodt re,' said be. suppose I had better depart in peace, as yon, too, will have plenty to do.' 'Oh, no hurry!' said Paterson. 'you know we shipped some fresh Stokers, Logan ?' 'Tee—two,' I answered; ' how do yon find <b«ni ?' ' I heve had no coniplainla.1 4 opened lire door of the stokehole and looked in. Danvers pot his head in' behind me. fie always said the great red eye of the lire had a fasci nation for him. The furnace-door was oppo, and one of tbe men was flinging On ooals. The hot glare of light fell on faim se he moved backward and forward. He looked weird—terrible. I turned back hastily to Paterson. ' Who is the third man ?' I said. ' Third man P What do yon mean P What's the matter, Logan; you are qnite white P 'There are only two men,' said Danvers, following me back into the engine- room. We heard tbe clang-to of the fqroaee-door. I looked from one tbe other. I felt scared, I suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed concerned. ' Three f' I said, in a curiously ques tioning voice, as I were not sure of wtat I had seen, 'Thompson'—that Was the stoker who had been with us for years—' and tbe new men—I don't know their feces.' 'You'd bettor go to the doctor again,' said Paterson. 'I was in there five minutes before you came; there was only Thompson and Holker, one of the new hands, there, and nobody has gone in since.' 'Yon see double, .Logan,' eaid Denver?, smiling. I was silent. Nothing could hare been easier <ti»n to return to the stoke hole and there and then settle the matter, hut I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later it seera>d probable that the others were right. The fieroe light might produce ell manner of effects, and the third man had certainly looked shadowy enough to be only an optical delusion. But the eeoond time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabinB, and again there seemed some one behind him—another man; a fi mly shape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There was nothing remarkable about the . stoker. He was a quiet man, rather 'close' with his mates, and therefore not much liked; but we en gineers found hiru a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging abont me; yet J felt strong and well, slept touaJlf, and ate as only a eon. valescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I bad a horribly -nervous feeling abont bim. I asked Palermo and the third engineer if they saw anything odd abont the man. Nothing at all, they said. Ounldn't they see, ! thought, that something always behind the stoker that wasn't a likeness of him f Whenever I saw him, 1,saw it, too—in the Inrid glare" . of the ,tire, about the lower deck and jtasngea, in. the fresh sunshiny air— always that other man, like some haunting fate. Was I mad, or was every one-else blind ? ' Dahver^' I eaid one night as he and I wire walking the.deck smoking, ' do yon believe in uncanny things ?' ' Do you mean ghosts F , ' Not exactly. I wish you'd let me tell yon something; only don't laugh at me.' 'Not for world*. I am not an en tire unbeliever, and 1 know yon have, ■ vary devont -beliefs in these things,' j SaidDanvem. 'Thanks. It is about this Holker. | Do yon remember when .1 first saw' him ? I told Paterson there weie tb^ee men.' 'Yes. Jr •There tcere three figures! God A Imowa whether the third was a man!' -Lsaid in a trembling voice. 'It is no fancy—I have proved it to be none. I am pot ill. My nerves. are not un hinged ? they are steady as yours. Always! nee behind Holker a shape' ' What yon Scotch call a wraith,* eaid Danters; 'a warning of his death.' A 'wraith' is a likenrin of the vpemoo^warned. This shadowy form ia not in the least like Holker. 'Whet does it mean F I aaid, pausing by his ride. There was a sort of despair in niy'faeart. '"Why do I alone see it? la there something for,me to do, and 1 doooVkhbw%giat?' I ooold feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though he was silent. 'It ia very strange,'be eaid, (bought fully-:' 'It may be that you alone are a ghoet-serr. I have read that "some . people can hever see aoytbing.' ' You do not doubt me,"then F ' 11 hardly know what to say. Can : you describe this appearance f' ' It iB clear ae day, though misty. It is a young man's face, He has a white transparent complexion, like a person in bad heal'h ; thin aristocratic features; the fair hair falls in curls orer the forehead ; the eyes are hrnwn —womanish eyes, soft and wistful'— I paused suddenly, f had been talking as if to myself, hardly noticing Danvers; but an exclamation from him check< d me. To my surprise, he had turned pale. ' Should yon know the face ?' he said, in a hurried way. 'You mean in a picture?' •Yes,' ' Come to my cabin,' said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached the cabin he f-Btenod the dnor. He seemed excited. Hn unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My h'ood turned <n ice rs I looked, I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the fnce I had just described! 'I see you recognise it,* said Danvers. He sat dnwn and covered Mr face, and T laid the pho'ograph on the table. He seemed agitated. I felt corionslv calm. ' Something you were to do !' said Danvers at last. ' You have done it I* • How ! I have done nothing.' ' You have told me.' ' Told you ? Yes, because I rould no longer endure silence. What then ?' ' I'll tell you—and you must help me. I am not travelling for plea* ' I knew that,' I said, a little dryly, ' Ah ! You are quick, but yon kept your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detective.' 'What!' I said springing up; my heart was (eating wildly. ' HuBb! Sit down egain. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain informal ion that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is not there—he is here!' ' Holher, the stoker!' I whispered. I eat overs helmed. Danvers quickly regained something of hiB professional quietude. ' That faoe,' hp said pointing to thp photograph, ' is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple— a youog man of means, and an invalid who was murdered by his man-servant. Perhaps you have heard.' ' No. I waB ill—I heard nothing.' 'The man was a trusted servant, half-nurse. The murder—a peculiarly horrible one, on a defenceless man— was committed evidently fcr purposes of robbery. We sh≪ find some of the spoil in Holker's chest. The mur dererer escaped, but we have evidence that will surely bang him. Now do you see bow great a service you have unconsciously . done P But for this strange interposition the murdered man would probably never be avenged. Onr false information would have misled us, and while we wasted time in rectifying it, Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether.' ' I see,' was all I could say. ' Now T have my hand on him,' said the detective. ' He is, of courBe, dis guised. I will arrange a plan, in whioh I shall nerd your help to strip him of his disguise. I will arrest him, and lie and I will he put ashore at the first port we touch at and return to England.' 1 Claim my entire services,' I said. ' I can hardly yet believe I am in my right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of the circumstances—who was ignorant of the ezistpnee of this Louis Temple—why was I chosen to bring this horrible crime to light ?' ' Ah! there we get into the un fathomable,' said the detective, ' beyond me, and beyond wiser and better people than f. I don't see how one can get over the facts—which is ail we have to do with.' That argument did not satisfy dip, though I knew I never could get beyond it, The strange, the asful thing was that the next time I saw Holker the shadow was gone. We made onr plane, and I soon eaw how neceBSRry my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvera was, and the initial movement was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin onder pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy our selves of his make-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan suoceeded, and the wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man before ub. That was his last hour of freedom. He came to, to find himself the prisouer of the quiet passenger, Mr. Danvers, It was a terrible soene. The man oould not understand how he had been discovered when the detective said he biniBelf had not made the dis covery. In the midst of the wretch's frightful ravings we learned that he had purposely missed the chip he had; been reported to have aailed in, and had fastened on the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were fonnd jewels, plate, money—all identified as the missing property of the unfortunate Mr. Temple. There was horror from atem to stern when it was known that we bad a murderer on board. Sailors are superstitious on this point—and justly so. I think no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't bis real name, liy-the-hy) had been removed from onr snip. I, myself, was the sensation of the honr, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There wee something too awesome to me in the mystery to allow me to discuss it wi'h every idle tattler. Was what I eaw the spirit of the murdered man, silently crying for vengeance ? I devoutly believe it was. But «he question I hnd pn» to «lie detective remains tinnoswvred—why was I made to play this part P The story got into th** papers, and I was interviewed hy more ec:entific men ! of all nationalities tlian I Sen remember now* It is years ago. The detective is dead, the Ocean Monarch is running her last trip. So all things come and go. And it's time 1 want Wow and lookori after my engines -L. LantfeUt j in Yankee Blade. 