Edward L. Blanchard, the Author. In his early days Edward Leman Blan ohard, the author, had a hard struggle for life, and had to Iresort to many shifts to earn a few shillings, On one occasion he oenturod to romonstrate with a neowspapor proprietor on the emailooeso of him salary. "I don't dispute it, sir," was the reply, " You enol mo a great deal of copy for tifccen -hilling aweak. It is small pay, hot tO recular I" In the early" fortles"--Blanohard .ws hornin 1i20-he was induced by a ema!l printer and publisher in Holywell Street, named Boetock, to write him a novel. The voentre was not unduly lucrative. " On acertain Saturday," we read in the recently. pobllshed "Lfo and Lomlnisconces" of Blnauhard, " Bostock entered the rcom in whioh the author was hard at work and, with a rueoofoul expression of oouotonnooe, sid, 'to'm going to take l great liberty, but o~nld you lnd me a lttle money ? I want only a pouond. My ppor-merchant wants nomething cn account, and until I pay a reltie hewoo't send mothe ghost of a quire.' The historian of Birnwell' perfidioua nolega informed MIr Bostock that he was ' stumpd.' Hflav moray on me, Hr Bianoherd. You don't know the straits of meroantllo men. You'reat work In your shirtaleooeves; let me have your coat and wmstooat to raise a few shillings on them. Sparks will soon close his warehouse, and, if I don't work tomorrow, we can't get the novel out next weeok, and I have no pper at all. Your things can hoe taken out a littl after six, as my boy Ezeklol is going to bring homo omo money.' The ruthor took off hi. alstooat, and then Bostok hastily re. mrhoked, ' I am ashamed te make ouch a rsquest, as you are so kind and affable, but onld I beg your hoots too? With an illustratod Bible up.stairs and your things, Ion easily get the sovereign.' Have you a pair of slippers 1' 'No; but thoro'o an old rug in the next room. Can't you rest your feet on that? I'llI have everything out t the time I've onamed.' ' Well, don't opoll the ship for a ha'purth of tar !' luaghnogly cxolaimod the anthor. ' Ilnd, boot, waistcoat, and coat by a nqnarter.paot six, as I hoave to got up to the Yorkshire Stingo to hear Bob (lindon and Kitty Tonnfall sing.' Bostook wont away, and some time elapaosed before he appeared again. H:i demeanour was miserable in the extreme on re-entering the room. " Boan a long limo, Mr Bontook, How have you got on!' ' Awful, sir ; everythiog scoms to go wrong Spnrks took the sovereign which I raised, hut won't toud sany paper. Ezeokiel has been disappointed, and I'm without a shiling. Is .hero anybody you know that would dvaoune a trfle ? I'll ga with pleasnro, I want tr!fli o bad.' ' Mr Boetook, let us hove no trifling. Go and got some money. and let me have my clothes.' 'I could If I had five ahillongs. Things are awful to contemplate. If Sparks had sent the paper, ome of It might have gone foooorwk. Thoro' n man who wonuld lend me half sovereign if I paid him back a orown I'm in his debt. IIo live In Newcastle Street, As a last resource, Mr. Blanchard, will you let me have your Oroosor.,for an hour ? Not longer. A crown will set moe freeoo till Ezeklel comas back from Crlpplegato, where ho', gone for five ponnds. Let mo have the trousers for on hour I' 'Do you think that I am going to be playod with any longer? My dlil oultiio h.ve awoys boon groot, but I'm not going to light this rldionlon situatilon in a .tat of oaemlnudity. Go out and got roli<f somohow.' Tho hours rolled on, hbut no tdotook appeared, and the end of the matter nas that Blanohord had to pass the hot night in the printer's stuly little oitce." 