A Shattered Idol. IF, love at first sight be possible, I certainly wat» ia love with her. It waa in my young days, when I was visiting Paris for my amusement. I had been strolling about the city all the morning, and towards noon found myself in the neighborhood of .the Faubourg St. Germain,- when I caught eight of the beautiful unknown, ; She was plainly though tastefully ; attired, and had evidently been marketing, fur she carried several parcels, and was accompanied by a peasant girl with some bundles of vegetables. Never, I thought, had I beheld a being so beautiful. For days and days I lingered about in the hope of meeting her again, but without success; and at last I made ap my mind that) I would try to forgot I had ever seen her. At about that time I made the acquaintance of JM. Auguste Yerrier. He was a person of venerable aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchal beard. His appearance did noe betoken wealth, but his generally cultivated bearing suggested that he had seen better days. We first met in a café, to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation thats he was a man of considerable educa- tion, After we had met some half dozen times, I happened to mention that I took a- great interest in matters per- taining to art. He then informed me that he was a painter by profe sion, and invited him to accompany him to his studio and inspect some of his works, I assented, and he conducted me to a crazy old half timbered home, . long since pulled town, in the Fau- bourg, St. Germain. Here, having ascended to the topmoat storey, we entered the studio, which presented a rather remarkable appearance. There were numbera of pictures, some with frames and some without, v stacked against the walls, and rows of dusty shelve?, with books, casts, and haman bones heaped upon them. In one,corner waa a life-si^ed model of the Apollo Belvedere. The other corner, on the same side, was occupied by the artist's easel and canvas, behind which was a lay figure dressed in a completo snit of armor, and grasping in its ex- tended fist a truncheon, reminding me of the ghost of Hamlet's father. \- In the remaining corner stood another figure, which was covered with a large ma<?s of crimson drapery, apparently to protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever space permitted, were piled fragments of old armor, with swords, pistols, halberts, and other weapons in picturesque array. After showing me several of hiB paintings, which were not, indeed works of very high merit, M. Verrier aßfeed me if I would take a cup of coffee Î I assented, and he . rang a small hind-bell. In response to the summons a young . 4ady entered, bearing black coffes and cigarettes upon a tray. A thrill of delightful surprise ran through meas I recognised in ber tho unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly im- pressed me on that memorable morn- ing. I trembled all over ; I grew hot and cold by turds, and vainly endeavored to suppress my agitation, Whethar M. Verrier noticed my embarrassment or not I cannot say. To my gr^at gratification he introduced me. "Permit me," said he-"Monsieur Clayton, my daughter, Mademoiselle Annette Verrier." I bowed, and the young lady re- turned my obeisance, blushing BÜghtly as she did so. Then she withdrew, after handing ns our coffee and cigarettes. I prolonged my stay inordinately, in the hope that Mdlle. Verrier would re- \ apppar, bat she did not, and I took j my leave at length, resolved to ase I every means for becoming better acquainted with her. " One day I met M. Verrier in the café as before, and oar conversation happened to tarn apon games. I mentioned that I was fond of écarté, and asked him if he ever played. " Alas, not now, monsieur," replied he i " for yon see I have to be at work every hoar of the dayligbt ; and my physician does not permit me to go ont in the evening on account of my asthm», so I am obliged to give up my game." ' "Bat sorely, monsieur," said I, "your friends might play with yon in your own rooms f " 1 have no friends," said he, " who care to spend their time in amusing an old man. Ab, no, most persons can find more lively diversions than that. No matter, I mast not complain, for I have a treasure indeed in the soeiety of my beloved daughter." I hinted pretty strongly that I at least would only be too happy to play with him. "Well, then, monsieur," said he, 11 since yon are so good as to say so, if yon will name any evening that will be agreeable to yon, it will give me great pleasure to spend an hoar with you." " Shall we say 9 o'clock, then," eaid be, " and if yon will do me the honor to sup with me-" I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profesión of thanks. What happiness! I shonld see Annette, should converse with her, and should be able to strengthen the favorable impression I already believed myself to have made. M. Verrier rose to leave the café, muttering in a half audible tone as he did so, " 1 mast remember to get some cards, for I have not a pack ; so long eince I have played*" "Pray do not trouble yourself, monsieur," I exclaimed, "for, as it happens, I have two new packs at my hotel." He thanked me and walked oat. The time came, and on my arrival I was ushered by my host into a small and barely-furnished room, where a table was laid for two. Oar sapper was very simple ; it consisted of bread, cheese, and Balad, with red wine. Annette attended apon as, mixing oar salad and pouring oat oar wine. She talked little, and when we had finished eating ehe brought cigars. I now had to submit to a disappoint- ment for which I had been totally unprepared. Holding out her hand to me she wished me good night. She was going to retire for the rest cf the evening. An interval of silence ensued. My companion did nob invite conversation, aad I was not disposed to talk. I was thinking of Annette. T now told myself that I loved her-yes, this feeling must be love. "Come, then, monsieur," said M. Verrier, at length, " shall we play ?" I assented, and be led the way to the studio. Everything was precisely as I had seen it on the previous occasion. M. Terrier motioned me to a chair where I seated myself facing the easel, which was covered with a large white wrapper. M. Terrier now removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, in oils, of hisdaughter Annette. I have said that he was a painter of little ability, and the work before me was either by another hand,, or the subject had inspired the artist to put forth unwonted power. It was true to life. As I gazed at the portrait) a few incohérent expressions of admiration broke from me. M. Verrier smiled, and drawing a email table towards me, placed wine and glasses upon it, and took his seat facing me. The game commenced ; we played high, and I seemed to lose about 300f. in no time. I was a good pUyer, bub I did not pay sufficient attention to the cards, partly from my desire to indulge my opponent in his humor, but chiefly because my thoughts were running upon Annette, and my eyes continually wandering to her portrait upon the easel. M. Verrier gathered up my stakes with the cool indifference of the veteran gamester. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier, for the first time, challenged me to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The arbist played as if be knew every 'card in my hand-a species of know- ledge that wonld mean everything at écarté. I bègan to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I conld not guess. The cards I had brought with me, and it was therefore impossible that the backs could have been marked in any way. What was the secret of M. Vernor's marvellous play ? I re- solved to watch him, and, if possible, find out. He had just dealt, and was waiting for- me to examine my cards before baking up his own. He was gazing placidly before him through his spectacles, when I paused and looked him sharply and suspiciously in the ' face. Not a muscle of his features i moved as I slowly gathered up my cards and prepared to examine them. His face told me nothing ; and could I expect to discover his secret by I peering into those immovable eyes 1 Would not such a hope seem vain ? Vet it was by such means that I did discover it. ! My band consisted of the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine of diamonds. In taking up these cards I had scarcely made a move- ment of the elbow, and yet I could see in the spectacle glasses of M. Verrier the reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. Angry and suspicious, and almost forgetting for the moment that the man before me was the father of Annette, I turned sharply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappearing under the folds of the crimson drapery that covered the figure ia the corner behind me. I had Been the faces of the sards. They were the queen, eight, and seven of clubs, and the knave and king of diamonds. T roughly tore off the drapery, and disclosed to view, not a lay figura, but the beautiful form of Mdlle. Annette Terrier, holding in her hand the cards which she bad been telegraphing. 