Onthe Californias Limited 'V' : 1W. ' JABiES XNAPP REBviE. " ' ' all queensland iuohts heseuved. THE LAWYER'S STORY. When, too' California, ' Limited, pullod out li-nm tho Dearborn ' street station on tlio night bf January 1, 189—, the smokiiig-room of too Piillmnu was ocoupiod by six transoontirtonta- truyollors. It was ton o'clock : when tlioy lofl Chicngo, find tho 'linlf. -hour following wns spout by qnoii man m tubing montnl stook of liin comu pnnions with tho purposo of determining if -the probabilities woro in favour of mi agrocnblo rip. Conversation was desultory ut first, but grow graduallj- more brisk and general. By midnight ll largo number of cigiil-a bad boon burned, and onough cusy talk hnd nooumpnnic-d ribo rite to establish in tho minds of nil tho ooliof that tlioy should prove n congoiiial com pany. , This was comforting, for it is it long Dry to too" const, und dull companions would liavo mado. a truo , via dolorosa ot tlio longthou- taig niilos that atrbtehod before them.' ' It' wns nftor .breakfast on too first morning q>ut, ns" thoy wore speeding ncross too , wido plninn of Kansas, that too talk began to tako am somo unity nnd to bocoriie renlly worth jWhilo. It linpponod in this way— . Tho bluff -looking man in tlio gray twooils, who niiglit liavo been oitlior a neis- Hpiipor man or u poiiuaiit-wimiitig yaclitsmmi, lmd cliuiibod rto remark iuuidoutly that lio followod tlio . pro fession of tho law. And upon this tho'.' quiet smooth-incod young, man in tho cornor, whom 'all tlio oHiors united in believing a clorgynuin, looked up with suddon interest. "Pardon mo," ho said, in a voico soft as a . woman's, " I don't mean to be inquisitivo, but one in your profession must run norosssomo vory curious things. You aro ' introduced to family skeletons that nro most carefully hidden from tlio rest of tho world. Existence, us most of us seo it, is a complete affair. If you can do it without violating tho bond of professional senreoy, you might roliovo the monotony of this trip by tolling us of tho most remarkable enso in which yon havo evor boon conoonicd. To , henr a true story will bo vastly batter than Tending lies."' To emphasise his last words tho yonng mriri . closed tho book iu liis band witli a.quiok snap, and throw it down on tlio -sent. Tlio lawyer glimnod ut its title boforo lio replied.- ' . i. "Icannotliopotomatchthestraiigotliliigstlmt Mr. Sherlock Holmes lmd knowledge ot," ho said apologetically ; "but if you riro quito eerliiin a story will not bore you—" Ho permitted liis gnzo, as lio spoke, ' to wander Blowly over tho ! littlo company in polito interrogatory, whioli brought nn immc- & dinto appeal from all that ho should go on. "I do not know muoh nbout . family she! o tons," ho suid, byway ofxiroludo, but tills iSlpoiimps tliojnoxt thing to one — a ghost story. Doubtless you havo nil board of plenty of talcs of ghosts, but this differs from others of its kind in tho fnot that it is a gliost story — with tlio ghost loft nut. At laust too ghost is not hi it to too axtent that ho should Tie by rights. " It is nbout a client of mine," ho continued, wa lining, to liis work ns he saw tho look of Interest nnd expeutauoy deepening on tho faco of his hearers, "who sued tor tho xiossession of a ghost ho clamed to liuve bought, hut wliioli bud not boon dolivorod. "It happened when I was younger than now. I was prnotiuiug in an old town in western Massachusetts. Round ubout wore n good many estates that lmd once beon tho homos of families who woro moro or loss notable) iu their day. But tlio mutabilities' of timo lmd brought impoverishment 'and degeneration, nnd ono liy ono tlioso homes enmo under ' tho linmmcr mid passed into stranger hands. You know how sucli things go — for a song, nlwnys. So it wns with n good deal of surpriso that I learned one day tout tho Richardson plneo, as it was known through too county, lmd boon sold for n vory litrgo sum — for quite us niue.li, in fact, ns it wuidd havo brought ill its palmiest days, although now it was a very dilapidated old rain. Tho wonder of tho matter was tho grantor its too futility wns extinct, nxcopt for ainiiior nnd poverty-stricken branoh, dcud too to family prido, so that seuti- nient could liuvo played no part in tho pur- cliuso. v ' ' I must go linok a littlo nnd toll you tlmt tho houso lmd long lmd tho uneimny reputa tion of being lmuntcd — n reputation, you may be, sure, tliat was not at all caloulutcd to add to its miirkot valiio. There was a tulo of somo treusuro hidden about or beneath it, and a ghost r that walked at midnight mid pointed with white fingor toward tho sxiot where it was. Whatever vnluo tho trensaro story may havo given to the liouso it wiih duly discounted by tho ghost that kopt guard over it. ' Tho legend) hack of all this was that tho treasure hnd boon hidden by a oortain miserly old Richardson u long way hack to keep it from tho rcaoli of liis niiiiigato, spendthrift sou. And tiio son hud killed too father for his refusal to discover tlio hiding pdace. From that day nn tlio murdered mini hud walked, and his ghostly self over pointed toward tho spot whioli a , ho lmd given up liis'lifc to keep secret.. " Foolish as it may seem, this wns tlio reason my olieiit had plunged so wildly in buying tho pluco. Ho bolioved iu gliosts, uud oxpuotod this uiio to reveal tlio treasure to him. But uftor spending a mouth in tho houso und watching every night for tho nppenrnneo of tlio spook, without avail, ho decided that tho tnlo was a . pure fabrication, and camo to mo to seouro redress. " Upon investigation I found tliat tho agent lmd rcully sold tho place ns haunted. This my oliaut hnd boon wiso onough to. havo appear in tho description in 'tho. doad of sale. Astho majority of men do liotbcliovo in tho existence of gliosts I thought -it would ho onsy '.onough to recover boforo a jury too amount' whioli my client lmd paid. ' V " I will not worry you with tho details of tho ODBC. AVhon it enmo to trial tho atternoy for the dofeneo insisted tout tho jury should judge or themselves, not from tho ovidonco x>roduccd In court, -but by ocular ovidenoo on tho spot— i nrhotlier or not tlio gliost was thoro. And to this demand tlio judgo assented, und I myself was nothing loth. - "The jury, my oliont, tho nttoraoy for- thO ctefpiioo and mysolf arranged to spoiia a flight in too liouso to dotormino wliother or not tlio gliost appeared as udvortisod. AVo wore all very jooulur ubout it, oxqopt tlio otlior nt- . tomoy. Ho was serious 'and oomposod, and ' towards midnight liis iinporturbnblo 'gravity . began to havo somo effeot upon us. At 'lialf- ' _ )iist clovon Wo fllod into tlio room whoro . tlio- Sbudo wns said to rendezvous. AVo had no lights und liu'd agreed to keop porfcot silontio, nnd so givo tho ghost overy show. Tho night was iiitoiisoly,' dark,' ' and a steady rain was 1 < falling, anil "wo could hear it beat upon tlio rauf . AVo lmd been in too room but a low minutes, wlion too stilluoss. began to grow oppressive. It seamed iinnutural tlmt fifteen strong, wide- awake men should koep such absolute silonoo.. " Presently tho voioo of tlio othor attorney . . 'was hoard doop and measured : ' Keop your oyes fixed on too door through wliioh wo oums. It always entors from tlmt direction. It will bo ololhod in white, nnd its arm will'point Btriiiglit alioad. AVatoli.' . .'.'For tho first timo my oonfidenoo in mysolf .bogan jto woukon. I found mysolf seriously I . eonsidoriug j,tlio possibility of gliosts. How . \ long I remained In this stnto I do not know, v . but suddenly I saw distinotly a liorriblo wliito ' something loom up before mo. I tried to hold on to mysolf, to renson away wlmt I know '- to bo only a triok .of too imagination, but in \- . spite of all I folt tlio cold porspiration start out upon rajF Juoo, and I know my knees woro shaking under mo. AVlmtl would liavo done, if loft to my volition I will not undertako to ' - . say. A low.moun on my right — a ory of fear upon , too otlior. sido, and thon aruBhnud sourry , of cot— nnd 'a momont later wo Btood huddling togotlier in tho rain outside, and tho ghost had pirovod his oxistonco nnd hnd the promises to ; ' J Iiimsolf — nnd my oliont hnd lost Iub ouso." ' Thoro was a moment's silonaG ns tho Btory-tollor flnishoil. Thou too young man whb had sot liim going said. " But ho found, bis gliost ? AVns lio not'satisfiod 1 " "That was tbo most onrioiiB part of it P" \- reptied tho othor ; "tho ghost nover uppeured hgitin." ..... . Tlio young man waitod for him to sponk 1 further. -.And wlion ho did not, lio oskoil : < »' Havo you any theory ?" " Yes. . I explain it in tho samo way as I do \- - tiiotrioks of tho jFakii-a and Yoghis of the oast. ' Tlio othor nttornoy was an hypnotist. Ho jilayed' uiiou the imaginations us on a linrp " of a thousand strings." , 'Xlio'youug 'Dim fidgotcd a littlo In his sont , ' --'Tlio lawyer n9ticed this, and turned to him "blandly. , - ' . ,','Hayo you-uny othaeqnnUonafV' ;-<V-.vS!> .(."If you'will pardon'mo— ono."'-, ..'Go nliond." ' Is tlds n . truo story Pi'- .-. .1 " It is a plain unvarnished tale : nreoitnl of fnStS." " ' -. - '5 , . " Good. Lot nshavoiiotluugbut truo stories until wo reach too coast." From this remark his follow passengers con cluded more than ovor that ho was a clergy man, aiid not vorsed in tho wioked ways of too world.| 