ECHOES. | (By Sound.) How one reminiscense will often recall another similar occurrence. I happened to be in a company the other day talking about old times, when one of those present re called an amusing incident that occurrtd io tbe Hamilton hunting field years ago. voe of the most enthusiastic followers was the much revered Mr. Featherstoobaugh, one of tbe best types of an Irish gentleman it bae ever been my good fortune to meet, and who in his capacity aa Stipendiary Magis trate was a just aod upright judge. Being out one day with the hounds, his horse happened to strike a feme belonging to an irate farmer of non-sporting proclivities, who, strange to say, being probably new to the district, did not kuow tbe rider, al though. as tbe sequel showed, knew of him. He addressed the offender to the following effect, 41 There now, you've broken my fence. I'll have you all up before ' old Featheraton- haogh ' for damage and trespass." Promptly the old gentleman retorted, 44 You'll bare me up bcfoio 'old FeatherstouhaQgh,' will you? 'Old Ffatberstonhaogb,' forsooth;, that for ' old Featberetonhaugh !' ' at the same time snapping his fingers in derision. Years ago, io the fifties it was, I happened to be driving into Geeioug, with Mr. W. Q. Bonsey, P.M., along the old plank road le&diog; to Porlarliogtoo, when we met a stalwart wood-carter, who refused to make way. As deviation from the planks meant a plunge to an unknown depth of mud, Mr. Bonsey shouted, 44 Keep to your own side, please." ' You be — retorted the man, 44 there's room enough for you." 41 Look here, my good man," replied Mr. Bonsey, 41 i! yon refuse to comply with the rale of the road, 111 have you summoned before the Bench." This threat, however, only elicited the reply, 4> Summons and be — — to you. What do I care about tbe Bench f He was summoned, and I shall never forget the sur prised look of that man when told that the geutleman whose request he had so chur- neniy reiusea io comply witn was me ronce Magistrate himself. Medical science has steadily advanced during tbe past twenty years, but for all that, startling mistakes are sometimes made by even tbe most skilful physicians, io diagnosis. An amusing instance of this was a short time ago furnished by & well-known landed proprietor, of Colcraiue district, who, having just returned from a trip to Qaeene- land, was taken iff in Melbourne, the effect, It was innocently believed, of a slight sun stroke. A medical man was called in and having shaken his bead with portentoos gravity remarked, 4 A sad case ! a sad case indeed !" 41 Good gracious me !' exclaimed the lady of tbe house where the gentleman was a guest, " Do you mean to cay he ia daDgerouBly ill ? A sad case 1 & sad case of what ?" The reply was sharp, short and decisive " Delirium tremens !" Under ordi nary circumstances it wonld perhaps be bad taste on my part to relate this incident, but, there is, and I venture to say my readers will endorse my opinion, & fully exonerating explanation, the doctor's patient is one of the rtfavnehest teetotallers in the colony , and never in the course of his existence tasted alcoholic or fermented liquor. Of the truth of this statement he, if it were required, would be prepared to make & statutory declaration. The question arises can the diinkiog of tea, coffic, or 41 Adam's ale," produce delirium tremens ? If so, what on earth arc we to imbibe io order to avoid the danger ? Sometimes honesty is not the policy that brings the most Immediate cash return to tbe peroon resorting to its practice. Oue of thoBe very scrupulous persons upon whose minds the knowledge that they have done somebody oot of a trifle presses heavily, discovered this recently In Hamilton. He bad been absent from tbe place some S yeare.and on returning very natnrally called upon his old familiars and comrades. On his way to one, who Keeps a very «.\6cii«at nutei, ne remcmoerea that he owed tbe hoBt eighteenpeoce wheo he departed from Hamilton and be reeolvcd to spring a little surprise npon him. I When they had exchanged greetings he remarked, "Well, Mac, yon will not remember it but I went away owing you for three drinks. You have been very good to wait ait that time, more especially as the eura total at fair interest wonld now amount to about 7s 6d. Here is theeigbteec- peuce anyhow, and I daresay you'll be eur prised at my rcmemberine it." " Aod if you remrmbered it that owed it, do yon think I'd forget it that had to stand out of it ?" qnoth Mac. ' I just dreamed of that eighteenpenee and woo. dered would 1 ever get it. But," with a merry gleam in his eye, " since yon arc so honest, I'll jost take the interest and knock the principal off altogekter." And tbe crest- f-illcn debtor had to band over 6s in place of Is Gd. It may be somewhat early to discuss probabilities, but judg'mgby what they have already accomplished, the Australian Eleven should not, unless they very greatly improve, possess the ghost of a show uf winning any of the test matches, even with all the uncertainties of cricket given io. True, the team brought against them by Lord Sheffield was a powerful one, hut iii the absence of such men as Stoddart, l'e< 1, Richardson, Abel, Ward, M'Laren, Loh- mann and Townsend, it fell far short ol representing the strength of English cricket. I do not say that room could have becc foond for all these, but tbe tleven would, I think, have been materially strengthened by the substitution of Stoddart. Peel. Ahel and Ward, and Lohmann, Richardson or Town- send for say Shrewsbury and Gunn, who woold appear to have lost their old form. Fry, Davidaon and Pougher. Our men seem to be batting fairly well, but with the excep tion of J ones, their bowliog wonld appear to be lamentably weak, and the non-inclusion of Turner mnst be seriously felt. Then as re gards Jones, we hear that his delivery has been called into question end it remains to to be seen what the umpires think of it. I have not seen him bowl but it can scarcely be more unfair than that of Croesland, against whom strong objections were un- avaitingly raised by one of onr Aus tralian elevens. Moreover, it is to be presumed the umpires in the Sheffield Park match knew their business, and would, had there been occasion for it, have no-balled the Sonth Anetralian. Aud so Mr. Stoddait has accepted an invitation to bring out an other English team to Australia next season. I fancy an eleven selected from tbe following " baker's dozen " wonld famish oar repre sentatives with ample amassment, especially in the fielding line Stoddart, Ranjileinbji, Jackson, Mold, Richardson, Peel, Townsend, Abel. Lilley, Ward, Maclarcn, Lohmann, and Pilling or Macgregor aa second wicket- keeper. What constitutes burglary ? This is per haps a peculiar question to ask in each a colcmn aa this, bet it strikes me that nine teen ont of twenty of my 'readers wonld answer it by replying, " Breaking into a house for the purpose of thelt." This, ac cording to an English legal paper, ia only half correct. It ia dbty when a bonae is broken in at night time, between tbe hours of 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. with intent to commit a felony that a burglary is committed. My auhority goes oo to say, "If the boose is broken open by day, bnt not entered until night, it is no bnrglaiy, bnt if tbe boose is broken open one night and entered on another the offence is complete. The great differ ence between burglary , and housebreaking. iucu, u we noer at wntcn tne czxence is committed. If in the day time it ia house breaking, and ia a misdemeanour ; if at night time It is burglary, which is a felony and a mooh greater crime." According to this the amount stolen does not make the difference. Personally, I should prefer to be robbed of sixpence worth at night than a sovereign'e worth during day time, and ahooM look npon Me latter as the greater crime. The following from my old friend the Kea Mercury is too good to be lost " One bot Sunday morning, as the worshippers from a little country church were slowly wending their way towards tbeir homes, a bnrly old Devonshire farmer might have been seen leaning over bis yard gate, nodding bis head, and wishing a cheerful '(food day' to passers-by. - Atlasthia greetings became less freqoant, and telling himself that nearly - everyone most have passed, be was abont to turn away, when he descried "the well known form of the vicar epmiog down the rosd. Very warm dzy, farmer, ' commented the clergyman, ae be drew nearer. 'Mortal 'ofcg I indeed/ W» the tiearty Bo ?ee too proud to step Inside a minute, an' taste a good glass o' street £tder, .pa'too V I am not too proud, of oooroe replied - tbe icar, amusedly ; 1 but I snllflot Accppt y&nr; kind offer, all tbe same tbsnk yon ; for, to tell you tbe irutb. It lYidtfo' 'ppon my dinner hour, sod I most go straight drome.5 . 'Then ypafwuttinfy T 51 Mb t"tMte.jV"v<:-£lNBfc. 'ee, pa'mn," exclaimed the annex, os don't want to have misu&derstaadmgfor; want of a iew. trordu rhf ttplanilloo/pnAI. should ' like for'ee % Ve made so bold as to ask 'ee to drink If it hadn't bin for what I heard tbe doctor say to his son 'bout yon a he went past my yard a quarter-hoar fro.' WhaV was .-that ?' asked tbe \icar, with considerable interest. 4 Why, said he, 4 the vicar was terrible dry this morning !' and I thought he meant it." 