THE UNEMPLOYED. Mn. Reid had not been long in'pffido. when he began to breathe out throaton- iogs and slaughter against; the manu facturing and farming industries of tho country, and the consequence was a large accession to the ranks of the unemployed. Ever since tub unem ployed army has been steadily increas-. ing, and to-day it is relatively larger than any other body of a siiriila't oiiaracter in any civilised , country. It was necessary to do some thing for tho mass of work- less men, and Dir. Reid did some thing. He started tho sand-shifting operations at the Centennial Park, and continued them until the taxpayers, who had' to find the money for this un profitable business, showed signs of re volting. Then the forest-thinning in dustry was decided upon. It was announced that that work would re turn several hundreds per cent, upon the capital invested, but most people are aware that id will be as unremune- rativo as the sand-shifting. A groat deal of the work was scamped, and in uyear or two tho pine scrub will be as thick as ever on the ground that was cleared. NowthePremierhas devised another scheme for the relief of the clamorous multitude of unemployed that his policy has created. Five hundred thou sand acros of land in the Gwydir district are to be drained, and obstructions, in several -creeks and rivers are to be removed. ! Also, a railway is to be built between- No ver tire and Warren, another from Tamworth to Manilla, another from /'Berrigan to Finlay, another froin -Warren to Coonamble, another from1. Moree to Invorell, another from Narrabri to OolJerandabri, another from Condobolin to Broken Hill, and another,'. f rain Redforn to 1 Park -street-. All theae sohomoH should provide plenty, of Work for the unemployed, jiot only of New South Wales, but also of "the whole of Australia. They would involve- an expenditure of about twenty millions sterling, every ; penny/.- of which would have1 to bGV/RorrO\red ; but to the Reid Government that is a mere trifle. To " pay the interest on thqse --leaps/, and the fifty odd mil lions now ovying tho. land-owners would be taxed to the extent of six pence m the £ on tho value of their holdings, but has not Mr. Reid con veyed in many speeches that Provi dence has specially marked out these peoploj being exceptionally thrifty and industrious, ' for heavy taxation ?' TJiat he has tho disposition to squan der public money on wild-eat schemes- and for the purpose of diverting attention from the failure of his quack policy for promo'- Jng national prosperity everybody, it may. be supposed, believes, but, happily, he doos not possess autocratic power, and withregard to the majority. :of . his projects they cannot be carried out -without, the consent of both. Houses ""of the Legislature. If the people/get a, fair return for the ex penditure in draining the half-million of. acres in "the Gwydir district they will be. greatly surprised; certainly thoy do riot look for such a return auy mure than they looked for ono from tho sand-shifting at the Centennial Park, or the so-called forest- thinning operations in tho Riverina district. As for the projected railways, if tho unemployed : do notiget relief until those are started they: \yill hare an unique experience of poverty. - : : vlt..is, noticeable that Mr. Reid does rrio£' expect', .any development to take >place.'in connection with the ordinary industries- of the country. ' He did not .say -to tho deputation that waited upon : linn yesterday, " Mv policy is giving such i...m(ghty impetus to manu facturing -ajid othor producing in dustries' that the demand for labour .will: vsoon bo in excess of the supply.,".. Reckless though he is he evidently fait that he could not com mit himself to a statement of that 'kind.- . There is not the ghost of a chance' of any industrial development '.takirig placed under hia policy, and therei'ofO to keep things going, an4 to 'produce, an appearance of prosperity, he . js uhdqr the necessity of proposing the expenditure of twenty millions of 'loan..: money on works, the great .majority of which could not pos- sibly become reproductive during his life-time. 'It is the old freo-trado grime. .But financiers do not need to be. told that tho country cannot stand further, experiments of this sort. It has riq tpuph as it can do at present to meet its obligations, and it will como perilously near tho state of insolvency if it sanctions Mr. Reid's wild-cat schemes, and if the. policy of favouring foreigners to the disadvantage of our own people is adhered to. 