TOPICAL TAI*K. [BY WILXI-o'-THF.-Wisr.] THE ghost trick is a very old one, so old that one would have thought it had ceased to be of any interest, but it seems that even in Bowral there are a few old relics of superstition left, ready to credit any absurdity, originating in the fertile brain and delusive eye of tipsy men . and ner vous women, and swelling to great pro portions on the tongaes of school children. v Maybe it is the ghost of the past rising against the spirit of the present, in pro test against so many of our old townsmen going away from us. Soon we shall miss airthe old* faces if they continue to dis appear as they are doing of late. And the new ones that.come-I was going to say, to fill their places, but they will not do that-they fill the vacany perhaps, but do not fill the places of old friends-they are strangers to us and we to them, the change is felt-and as faces change things change, and alterations take place, and by and by if a wanderer chances to re« turn he will say I hardly knew the place, there are so many changes, only the Gib I makes one feel sure it is Bowral; so we | will take comfortj the Gib remains with us, we need not fear that South. Africa or Western Australia will tempt her away.. I #'# ?' * When an old country is over populated, and over manned, it is hard then that man j'of her sons should have to seek in other lands to make a living for them selves,; but when a young country like this, rich in undeveloped wealth, rich in ! climate and vegetation,: and rich in so many ways, and yet obliges her sons- to look for work in other countries, it is something more than sad, there is the shadow of a great wrong over it all. They, tell' us in the daily papers that , the worstf is over, times are mending in. these colonies,' and: prosperity ' has her face once more turnetf towards us, arid I believe' that is true but her feet are slow, she comes slowly, and" some may starve in the meantime, and those who are get ting on in. years, although not in want now, can see- that before.they have oppor tunity to make preparation for the time when they cannot labor, old age will be upon them. 'Tis a sorry outlook-to see old age; dependent on' > charity, or the tender mercy of relatives-who them selves have their own old age to provide for; Can' one' covet to live to be old ? Yea-we are old now, older than we ought to be. The present way.of living, I and fearing, and;.worrying makes us old ) years before the time. ! There was a marked difference, between the way in which the Bowral council and the, Mittagong council received the circu lar from the Public. Works Department with reference to the £*65,000 voted by Parliament for country and suburban municipalities;1 Bowral sided with New town, and. objected to any conditions being'laid down as to spending the money. The Mittagong aldermen thought the conditions were reasonable, and easy to be complied with.' , >. ; .,'<? .' J* v.' .V . Some of us are far too touchy, without any reasonable excuse for it. Now if our worthy Mayor should take it into his head to send me, or offer to send me; a nice sum of money to'repair the road and footpath in front of my, house, which badly wants something done, it would not be unreasonable of him to'ask me how I would set about it, and to require proof aftsrwards that it had been done pro perly.- I should be very foolish to find fault with him'for that, instead of accept-: ing the money and conditions; thankfully. I did not mean .to convey a hint in the above, but all the same if our good.Mayor should put my sincerity to the. test,, the money and the conditions* will- be grate fully accepted, and the work faithfully carried out. ..The charge of fortune-telling, against Professor Freimann, at Tamworth, occu pied ; the whole of a-day last week, and ended'- in the prisoner being discharged as no evidence of fortune-telling was judged to be^proved. But before discharging the accused, the judge* said his occupa tion was an unlawful one, inasmuch as he received money under false pretences. He must give it up or suffer the conse quences. The professor's charges are one guifaea. He professes to give information of a valuable,character clairvoyantly.. Such as, for instance, how certain mines will turn'out, which horses will win, whether certain speculations wilt be successful, whether Jack is true, or Jenny false, and all sorts of things you know.; One cannot help sighing a big heavy sigh.,,. As. long as there are silly geese there will be pro- . fessional foxes. As long as credulity lives there will.be schemers on the watch to make profit out of il'l Oh, the nobility of man ! Where is it ? Rain, rain, beautiful rain; how it would gladden our hearts and refresh our bodies if'it would fall now. The past few days have been hot and sultry enough for December. Headaches , are the most prevalent things that I know of at present, almost every person one meets is afflicted with ? this most unpleasant complaint; Another phase of influenza, they'say. Large bush fires are raging, round-the ranges of this district; we hope the. rain will come before they spread: further. c- * - - ' .» Whereas the. fire? "Where's the fire? Where's the fire ? That was the excited cry of a number of people .running out of their houses into the street on Monday nigh, on i hearing the bell ringing to an nounce Mr. Meagher's lecture". . Surely th'e-nerves kof the people most be unstrung by the ghost.' JUDGE COHEN is said to represent I Justicc-AND Mercy. , I DEATH.-Mr. Bruce Smith's eldest daughter, aged 15, has died from perito nitis in the Rose Bay Convent. MR. G. M. PITT (founder of the firm of Pitt, Son, and Badgery) died in'Sydney on Monday in his 83rd year. WEATHER-After several <3ays of heat, wind, and dust, a calm set in jester day afternoon', including a sho wer of rain with- a promise of more. ARMENIAN WOMEN.- London, October 11,-Hundreds of Armenian wo men and girls committed suicide by jump ing into the river Euphrates at Charput to escape outrage by the Kurds. MR. R. D. MEAGHER lias come and gone. He lectured in the Bowral School of Arts on Monday evening to a fair audience, which included, about half a" dozen ladies. With some of Mr. Mea gher'ssentiments we are in entire accord. Especially the wickedness of placing ;«first offenders with " old timers." He is fluent and'entertaining. SCHOOL CONCERT.-Our readers are again reminded of the concert to be given in the Bowral School of Arts next Friday evening by <thc infants'/ depart ment of our Superior Public School, under the able tuition of Miss McLuckie, teacher of that department. We have.no hesitation in saying that a treat is-in store for all who can attend. "CURIOUS ANTMALS"begiristheBow ralWesleyanChurchanniversary services.: The Rev. J. E. James, who is . highly spoken of, deals with them in the schooi .hall to-morrow (Thursday)i evening-. . Ad mission free. Then on Sunday the sa;tne rev. gentleman will preach the anniver sary sermons in the church, &c.; and on Monday evening the tea-meeting, public meeting,.and concert will'be held. . # SALVATION ARMY.-" Jim * and . his wife," a service of song, Thursday (to-morrow) evening, to be held in the barracks, Bong Bong-street. -Major and Mrs. Veal with the hallelujah fiddle are to visit Bowral on Saturday and Sun day. Self-denial is booming,- ' and shortly great "goes" will be.the order of the order o£ the day in Bowral to lielp swell the self-denial fund. A trades march and tea-meeting are to be on the pro gramme. r . ' MR. E. HOLDEN COMING- TO BOWRAL.-Says the Goulburn Critic: -On Sunday afternoon, October 4;, the teachers and children of the Primitive Methodist Sunday-school presented . Mr. Edgar Holden, secretary o£ the school, with a-gold watch-chain 011 the occasion of his departure for Bowral. . -The"-pres. entation was made by/ Mr. I-I. Mofgan, superintendent, who expressed the regret felt by theschool -at'the loss of'so efficfent an officer. i- -J -???'? -. . . AT A DANCE not a hundred miles from Burigendore the -.M'.C. was heard* singing: . _v. .. . ! "Bnt, I can't mix'era, l'cfui't mix-'ora^-' - Yon Rcii'how very'lmrd-l try';- ? . . The onai&'low, and-the olhnr high, . ,i -. . i But I can't mix 'ora-I sayit with a siffli But thoy won't lm so dividod - ? . ' In.the 1 Swcot Jjy-ftnd-byoi"" '.'. f: THE CZAR,S0F RUSSIA has been "to Paris lately, and left ,£4000 to bp' dis tributed^mong the poor of the city, be sides ordering a gold wreath to be placed upon the tomb-of the late President Car riot. ' He vows, eternal friendship,: which the Moscow Gazette says is'of greater; value than' a' written treaty. .5 -The' Czar ? promises a second'visit, over" whi'ch the3 Ft'ench people are frantically enthusias- ! 1 tic. The Czar lately visited England.! 1 What does it a-ll mean ? A COUNCIL'S DILEMMA-The Botany councilYecently had need' of some - cash to carry out some urgent work in the borough. By resolution they appropriat ed, a 'sum of money from a special aecoiint.. It was expressly stipulated that it 'would' be repaid from-the then shortly expected Government , endowment, which' it: was thought would be an unconditional grant, as hitherto.' On Wednesday night the - council unanimously agreed to join with other councils'in protesting, against the Government's stipulation, v As the money must be spent upon, works in the borough, supplementary to those now in progress, the council will have some difficult}'1 in complying with the conditions, the money having been spent in anticipation] If they find it impossible to claim the-endowment, they will be in a peculiar- position in--re gard to the payment of the borrowed money., - . ... ' 