ON THE IRRIGATION DRAIN. That little duak-' felt vory mlsorablo. Cold how, sho did shiver ; ovory bit .of gristle in licr little body itched with tho'oold ; her two littlo knobs tliat "wolild bo wings oho day hung down at nor Bide, and slio had not even a ghost of a quack loft, hbr littlo mouth opened and shut and her eyes" were closed and sho looked tlio pictu'ro' of misery whon her rnqtlier, the old hen, chmo up. "Now, my dear, I hope you will have more sense next timoi You know I Have told you plenty of times that young ducks must not- go oh. thb water till tlioir feathers are' ?rown." And at these worVls tho hen, Her oster mother; took Tinoy under hor wing and snuggled her up warmly. Tiney had been -veryi silly that afternoon. You must know -that! Tinoy wub thb last of a brood of ;ton duck'-i lingB that' had boon hntoliod under tlio old1 gtoy lien. They must linvo had 'delicate conBti-! tutionB, for oiib by ono tlio whblo liiiio of thomi laid oil their flat littlo backs, stfJtehed out their littlo legs and died of ohioken cholora. Tho- poor old Hon was almost worn ' out with grief, but Tinoy, her dearest littlo treasure' Of all, liad escaped, as she must havo been stronger than tho others. -Tho afternoon: was hot, and .after djnner she had fallon sound1 asloep besido' her motlior, as it was rather too hot to go under the old lion's wing ; iind tli,o mother had thought sho might rafely leavo her, child.and go and linvo a dust batli in a heap of: ashes that' was put for that purpose. She had uptbrcn gorio tliroo minutes, bowovor, before, Tinoy woko mid opened hor littlo bright eyes. Sho saw hor motlior was not about, nnd bognn looking for lipr ; and as ill lubk would havo it, ' sho caught sight of the irrigation drain: In tho' eornor of tlio paddock, whioTi wasfiill of wator. 'What a lbvoly pond," bIio quaokod; "I always wanted -to learn to swim ! "How deli cious ! I'll just go and doit' now, for I am sure: I can Bwlm 1 ; so off slio sot as fast as her little' legs oould wuddlo, and wont straight for tho water. Vory pretty littlo Tinoy looked swim ming about the liond, using her little yellow foet as two paddlas. Tlio wator Was olonr as crystal, and sho oould boo "tlio inboots ' at -tlio bottom <M tlio drain; and mndo a dive for .Homo of them, nnd Huocecded in gotting a fine, fat .littlo tadpolo for Hor afternoon toa. Woll, thiB was all' very well' for a short time, but soon littlo Tiiiey bogon to fool tirod and got a irain in hor legs. ' Silo took no nptice nt first, but at last she got so bad that sho tried to got out' of tho Wator ; biit just ns sho got near tho ,odgo of tho drnirv au bxtrft bra , twitch of cramp soized her, and with a dos- puii-ing.quack calling, . « Motlior, mother, come r ? 1 ,"1": Stoning io«iX when oh, joyful sight 1— she saw her mother como runhiiig along the top of tho drain with I'tai i i r8. outttn<1 "lucking loudly. Teor old Hon ! .1 cannot desoyibo hor fadings when- slio saw licr darhng Tinej', tho last of her dear fluffy dupkbngs,. in Buch a plight. She sot te work' tei try and .'get. lior 4fld but of the drain, but slio would novor havo succeeded had not Tiney s Btrugelos brought tho poor littlo creature. nonrto, tho watoris edge, aid just® as tinking to tlio ho.ttom of tho drain with lior month tpo f ull'of water ovon to nuaek' the hen made a last despairing offort. ami mnnnged wlth great diffiaultj- to drag lmr out "fj'P T the -top of. tho baitk, nnd thon sho scratolied n bit on tho ground, Bottled her feathers, and made the remark I tnlil vn« while poor littlo lialf.drpwncd Tinov ibnn i under lior soft wing as as a mohso. aud iii about fivo minutes bIio got so warm i.w »n cramps left ber, and 5l,o went u.u': , !': and you may bo suro tbat tlio next timo ho,' mother wont for a scratoh in tho aslinn ii!!! littlo Tinoy did not volituro on the iriimti drain. No; hor flrst littlo trouble sense, and she lived to grow up and Be a fine duck; and tho next spring sho laid some ecei which wore sot under another old i.„S ' Whether those littlo ducklings fallowed t£ motlior s example and went on tho water too early I really cannot say, But perhaps some of you littlo ouos can tell me, .can you ? 