A GREAT RECEPTION IN THE TOWN HALL. Tn the evening a publio welcome was ten dered the visitors. A procession, numbering some 800 Salvationists, left North-terrace, opposite the Railway Station, between 7.15 ana 7.30 p.m., ana marched through the principal sweets of the city, Major Spratt and Staff-Captain Howard being the marshals. The'column was headed by a cycle corps of about twenty. A banner bearing the inscrip tion' 'Officers and soldiers promise fideli ty to Cod and the Army" caught the spirit of those who marched beneath it, and waved enthusiastically in the breeze. In an open brougham rode Commissioner and _ Mrs. Booth, Colonel Kilbey, and Mrs. Bailey, and ebeer after ohecr ascended as the "chariot" passed along through the crowds of bystanders. With the flaring of torches and the clinking of cyrabala the enthusiastio company reached the Town llail, which was filled from floor to ceiling in the twinkling of an eye. Major Hobskins desired the soldiers and lassies, when the visitors assonded the plat form, to rise to their feet, shake their'handker chiefs, and shout as loud as ever they could. They carried out the injunoti >n to the letter. After the singing of a hymn,, which nearly lifted the roof, Colonol Kilbky spoke of the hearty and enthusiastio receptions tendered to Commissioner and Mrs. Booth in Melbourne and the other cities of Victoria, Sydney, and Brisbane, and in famous Adelaide and in j warm-hearted South Australia he was sure that the reception would bo quite as hearty ! and quite as real as it had been elsewhere. (Volleys.) Colonel Bailey made a characteristic little speech, in which he formally welcomed the Commis-ioner and his wife to South Australia. When they arrived at Largs Bay thoy were both very unwell, but, to use his own words, the Commandant had now got " steam in the boiler." They might not bo able to turn out in such force as the Sydney Salvationists had done, but South Australia, which could lay claim to being the mother of the Salvation I Army in Australasia, would not be found want ing in enthusiasm. (Cheers.) Commissioner Booth, received with tre mendous volleys, thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the hearty welcome they had tendered him. Ho was not an Australian by birth—that was hi9 misfortune. It was not his fault—lie was not consulted in the matter. (Laughter.) It must have been fate that he was born in Penzance, in the extremosouth-west corner of England. a9 near Australia as possible. (Laughter.) In Sydney he had the pleasure of addressing 17,000 who flocked to tho Centennial Hall during the three days t.hey held meetings there. That night he was addressing thorn in the cradle of the Salvation Army in the Southern Hemi sphere. (Cheers.) He was reading in oneof tneir illustrious newspapers—the Beyister— that there was some little unoertainty ss to why Adelaide was chosen as the first city in which the Army was established. With the genius that distinguished all newspaper men the Itc'iinter thought it was because the citizens of Adelaide were more affable and large hearted than anybody else. Ho did not think the Raintf.r was far wrong, cither, from what ho liaxl seen of the people ho far. (Loud volleys.) The Salvation Army was like fire—it always broke out where it was least expected, and, like the fire brigade, it was the duty of the Salvation Army to locate the fire and lie after it. He was going to do his liest in the colonics. He did not suppose he would ploasc everybody. ("Never mind.") There were some people who could not be pleased; they were born grumbling. It was natural they should ask of a new leader what were his texts, what was his creed. He believed in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. What was the cause of the success of theSalvation Army? Tthad not been wealth; it had notbeen influence, and it hadnot been education, but the cause of the effect had been God. He believed in the devil: if ho did not ho would not be so_ concerned in fighting him. It seemed to him that the Christian Church wanted not only a firmer conviction in the presence of God but a firmer faith in the black destroying hand of the devil. He believed in Australia. Some might criticise him for saying that after being here such a little while. But he would remind them that new converts were always the most enthusi astic. The new love was always the sweetest. Any wife in that assembly could confirm that. Their husbands never loved them so much as during the honeymoon. (Laughter.) He believed in the Salvation Army because God had niado it such an instrument of blessing for souls and lives all round tho world. He maintained that the products of this movement were its best evidences, and it Bhould bo judged by its fruits and not by the sentiments and prejudices of those who did not thoroughly understand it simply because they had not closely studied it. He would give all that lay in hira of strength and of devotion to the cause. He had much pleasure in introducing to them one who, in his esti mation, was tho sweetest woman in Adelaide. (Prolonged volleys.) Mrs. Booth, who has what can appropriately bo described as a " good" face, in the best sense of the word, then rose to her feet and sang one of the Salvation Army hymns to tho \- mmense pleasure of the audience. Her enunciation was as perfect as her voice was sweet. Lieutenant Fiudlay, a very clever pianist, played the accompaniment most effectively. This concluded, Mrs. Booth addressed the meeting, and perhaps hprspeech was even more musical and melodious than was her singing. Shjyhas a delightful Dutch accent, and her words fell freshly and sweetly from her lips. There was no need for her apology as to murdering tho QueepVEngluh. She impressed one with her restrained enthu siasm and refreshingly natural dramatic force. After relating the awful sensation of maldc mer in a quaint manner, she said smilingly they had at last arrived at a land of Paradise, and the people were very much like angels. {" You don't know us yet.") She came from the land of dykes and daisies. Some thought that the people there were only good for grow ing tulips, bat if they read the history of the Dutch Republic they would agree that tho Dutch were a wonderful people. Tho Dutch wanted freedom of religion, and they fought eighty years for it. 8he thought she should have a "special pull" on them, as the Yankees said, because two of their lovely colonies had been discovered by Albert Tusman. So bad it not been for the Dutch some of them might not have been there. (Laughter.) Tho Salvation Army did not only parade the streots; they knew how to fight and how to suffer. They went down into the cesspools of iniquity, rolled up their BleeveB, and came into contact with the worst. She was amused at the remark of a man to the effect "that if there was any good left in a man trust a woman to get it out. A man was a marvellous schemer, and might have more logical power than a woman, but a woman had most heart, and heart ruled the world. As Paul became as a Jew unto tho Jews to win the Jews, so they became Australians in order to win the Australians for the Master. There wasadarkoBb Australia as well as ajieautiful Australia. Let them go to the taverns, to the dancing saloons, and the gambling-dens, and they would Bee a different sight. Poor miserable souls, seeking for •peace whore it never could bo found. What footprints wore they profossing Christians leaving behind tbem? It did not matter if they were Salvationists or not; they were all going to the same Heaven. What footprints were they leaving on the sands of time? Wore they such that a "shipwrecked brother seeing would take heart again." They would do all they could for the cause in their little way. Some might think it a shocking little way, but they would put all their enezgy and heart into it. (Cheers.) Mrs. Booth is undoubtedly one of the brightest jewels of the Salvation Army that has ever visited tho oolomca. It is the atmo sphere of sincerity which envelopes her that makes her influence felt. 