THE REPRESENTATION OF PORT CURTIS. MR. BOLES AT CALLIOPE. Mr. J. Boles, the member for Port Curtis in the late Assembly, is seeking re- election by that constituency, and on the 7th instant addressed the electors in the School of Arts, Calliope. The ball was comfortably filled. Mr. C. Oilman presided. The following re port of tbe proceedings is taken from the Gladstone Obxnxr :— Tfae Chairman said they were all aware what the meeting was called for. He intro duced to them Mr. Boles, who was a **«ni?rflfttfl for Parliament. He was almost certain they wonld agree with him that Mr. Boles had done his doty since he entered the House, aud was tfae right man in the right place. Applause.) They wonld give him a good hearing he knew, for a Calliope audience always behaved in a very orderly manner. (Applause.) Mr. Boles's rising was the signal for re newed applause. He thanked their worthy chairman for the manner in wbieh he had opened die meeting, and the people of Calliope for the splendid audience they had given him. He intended to be a* brief ea be could, consistent with the time 'necessary to give a fair explanation of the different matters that would receive his attention. Be referred the meeting back to the time of the last election, when he challenged the occupier of the seat, and a considerable amount of capital was made by his opponents stating ?hat if he were returned the progress of the district would be at stake. The assertion appeared to him as a contradiction, as those who knew their past history wonld recognise that progress was something they never appeared to experience. Although they pos sessed a highly auriferous district that for years had been giving steady returns, a district that was a good pastoral area, and besides this possessed a port second to none in Australia— (hear, hear)-yet it was a fact worth mentioning tb&t; they had become so unimportant that many Southern Ministers only knew that auch a. place as Gladstone existed— its exact geographical position they were not quite sore about. Wnat a com mentary on the affected diead of the so-called chatter aboot strangling progress worth I So mnch, however, was attempted in this direc tion that he felt bound to promise that if he could not show fair results within a reason able time he would resign. That pledge he intended to keep. But what was the result* Although be uttered Parliament as a new member and at a time when the afiairs of the colony .vere in «. moat critical condi tion, at a time when members were almost chargeable with a breach of the standing orders if they attempted to approach the Government with local grievances or a request for public money, yet notwithstand ing the odds he had to contend against, he could now look back on his stewardship of three years— after wading throngh a sea of difficulties and fighting an uphill game— and fairly lay claim to some credit for assisting the district into prominence. If some denied him this credit, be conld console himself «ith the knowledge that outBide the district he had gained some repute, and considerable credit from the leading journal of the colony for his exertions from time to time in putting font the claims of Port Curtis. (Applause.) Ic was heavily handicapped, being new to Parliament and in Opposition. The interests of the district were always paramount to those of party, and this compelled him to take up a tr.ore independent stand. He desired tv be of some sen-ice, and he desired to prove, if passible, to those who bad honoured him with their confidence that confidence was not misplaced. (Hear, hear, and applause.) If be could be of do service, f hts efforts were to fait absolutely, then he did not desire to remain in Parlia ment Be claimed that he had been instrumental in 'bringing about many eon CFsrions, bat he regretted that he bad not received the support that he felt he was entitled to. His predecessor always had a strong, active local body working behind him dozing the months Parliament eat, which was of considerable assistance to the member and to the district also ; bis predecessor had also the reputation of pos sessing influence besides ability. If so, and hifl supporters found it necessary to give him to himself, as a new member. This had been thing bad been gained, yet a good deal might hare bepn obtained had the assistance re ferred to been forthcoming. The battle had been single handed, and what was worse, in applying for concessions that he deemed the district was entitled to, he bad to approach Ministers in & surreptitious atyle, not mnki^p his intention known to Mb constituency until achieved, as be had good reason to know there were individuals in the district ready to pall the strings to block him, not because the claims he put forward were not re quired, but in order to satisfy a bias against himself, and to prevent him from getting credit for bis work. (Applause.) He had good reasons for holding this view, and what was more, could prove it to the hilt, and he' mentioned the matter now in order that those who were broad-minded enough to give credit where credit was due would see that his task as a representative was not a bed of roses. It was one thing to urge authorities to grant concessions ; it was more difficult to have to do it so as to foil the attempts of those who were on the alert to block. Had bin mission been merely to satisfy a passing desire and to take up a position in Opposition, making op sensational speeches to 6re across at theGovernroent, well his task would have been a comparatively easy ©tie. Bat he felt he had a higher doty to perform ; he thoroughly believed in the advice tendered by that great man, Michael Davitt — to gain wbat was possible for those who bad honoured him with the position, and that had been his constant aim. (Ap plause ) On the question of Separation a considerable amount of capital was made, in fact it was a potent lever for his opponent at the last election. The Government, of which his opponent was & supporter, possessed so little merit that it became expedient to introduce a tide issue to throw aside the question for the moment, to frighten credu lous wage-earning voters. Had his opponent been favourable to Separation, those wfao bellowed loudest against it would stQI have been bis supporters — it was merely a bogey of the anti-separatist to bring about his defeat. After an experience of three years he could challenge bis opponent or any of his eatelitee to show that Port Curtis had lost by coalescing with the Central bunch ; on the other hand, he coold prove that the gain had been con siderable. The speaker then referred to th - ancient jealousy between Gladstone and Bockhampton and veked wfaat did the latter lose or di-f Gladstooegain by it? Theanswer to both questions mosr be a negative. Bock - hampton, l-y the large amount of influence it was always able to wield, lost nothing, whilst Gladstone, by her attitude of standing alone, bad remained in comparative in significance, the condition of the place for a. large number of years affording the strongest proot of that. He claimed that he had brought about what no other representative had done since Queens land became a colony — unanimity of opinion among Central members on questions affect ing the welfare of this district. And althoogfa he had almost tbe full support of the Central party, especially those of Bock hampton, he had never, not even on questions that Bockhampton was supposed to be directly interested in, failed to challenge them if it occurred to him that tbe undoubted rights of Port Curtis were being overlooked. It was said that Rocfcbamptou was opposed to railway communication with Gladstone ; he had beard this parrot cry for a number of years from the older residents, Doubtless they thought bo— they wouM hold that opiniou until they di d, and if ihere were sacli things as ghosts their ghosts would con tinue to cry oat that Rockh&rapton; was against Gladstone. ( Loud laughter. ) He was prepared to judge Bocfa by results, and he asserted that tbe records of the past Parliament would prove the fallacy of such a statement. Repeatedly both Bockhampton members had asserted their willingness to support this question at auy time if tbe Government wcuM bring it oil Referring to the opposition of Mr. Callan to their railway, the speaker said lie was a Southern man, witli Son i hern ideas, an individual that was viewed by the Central parly as tbe 'wet blaukct ' of the division, the most insignificant of the Government eupporters, so tiifrigniticaut that HznuoM reporters did not think him worth while reporting. Mr. Cailan knew that he would get no quarter from the Oentral mem bers, and bad struck out for himself, thinking that he would arouse a feeling of sympathy among those on the Government side who were known to be in a general way opposed to our railwav. Mr. Archer might noi again seek a seat In the Legislative Assembly, as he was getting old, but Mr. Curtis, who was a live member and the leadiug politician of the Central Division, whether Separation took place or not, would take a prominent part- id public affairs for some years to come. He was folly loyal to the question, apart from the benefits that would arise by the Centre having the manage ment of its own affairs. Port Curtis bad all to gain ; in fact be went as far as to say that if Separation became accomplished, which depended to a great extent upon the action of tbe Northern people, Gladstone had fully equal chances with any other town of becom ing the capital. This bold assertion would be considered too strong by some of the Glad Btoue wiseacres, but he made the assertion not without possessing some knowledge of what be was Ukiug about. Glade tone offered special advantages, which could not be over looked either by the Imperial Commission, or a Royal Commission from the local Legisla ture. He did not propose to give a restane of tbe work of Parliament. He believed that every elector was to a great extent seized with wbat bad been done, and although it was an ordeal to sit and take part -during the weary discussions that led measures to the statute book, be was not going to add insult to injury by attempting a rehash of the process. Out of tbe whole, numbering nearly one hundred measures, passed into law during Parliament, almost all were of a patchwork description ; not one partook of a statesmanship originality that promised to expand the undoubted re the Government throughout Parliament was scarcely what would come within the category of ordinary decency ; any body of men except those with an nns&tiable; thirst for office would be prepared to stand or fall by their measures. What had been their experiences? Why every now and then they were getting de feated, at which limes they would get up like so many schoolboys and say ' Now that wasn't fair ; we must have it over again.' In tbe interval they would nobble a few of their malcontent supporters, or induce tbem to stand outside ibe bar whilst the vote was being taken, and in other ways they gained a victory. Throughout Parliament the Govern ment held office by a series of surprises. The House drifted about like a ship without a redder, at the mercy of a few of their own supporters who chose a policy of stagnation to that of the Labour party— in fact, the Labour party bogey had stood tbe Govern ment in good stead, which they were never tired of not only voicing in the House but outside. He held that whatever might be said against the policy of the 1 abour party he contended that they were justified in fighting the Government with their own weapons. The Government possessed no policy or any thing that by a Etretch of imagination could be construed into a policy, and he contended that had tbe country been placed under the guardianship of an administrator, and Mini sters and Parliament dispensed wttb, the colony would have got on equally as welL {Hear, bear.) Tbe Government were con tinually pilfering the policy of the Opposi tion j when they came into office their mo;le of railway construction was by land grant— this was according to the gospel preached by the ungodly Coalition that preceded them, who g&ve; oat that Queen-Und had come to irs end of borrowing, and that all railways in future must be constructed by the new method. Well, they have lived to sec this Boodlcwraithian scheme fizzle out, and the Government prepared to eat humble pie by adopting the works policy of the Opposition. The recent bunch oft railway proposals brought down was like dangling a hooch of carrots before these elections to help the Government back to office. (Applause). Some of their railway proposals were ab at tbe grossest jobs ever placed before a Parlia ment, and he thought the Opposition was en titled to some credit for the stAnd they took to prevent tbe country from being plundered. Out of six Ministers, four had to have railway baits to assist their re election. One of these, the famous Mirani-Cattle Creek proposal was knocked out ; others, perhaps less pre tentious, were allowed to go — in any case it was not a popnltr thing to block public works, a policy the Opposition had been contending for. Another of these lines was found to be too pore for tbe unsophisticated of that pion&asylum;, the Upper House, and tliey -followed enit and knocked one out also. On the whole, tbe Government hid done little to claim any merit. Had it not been for the Tr^nnial Parliaments Act, previously passed by ihe wisdom and foresight of that polished democrat, Mr. Groom, they would have bad no railways this year ; in fact, the bunch of railways brought down was the strongest proof that the Government realised that their policy ot drift and stagnation was repugnant to the feelings of the country, and forced their hands to mb£t the wishes of tbe people They had gone I'irougli a period of dep cssion, bringing about ; their a'»nipt stoppage of pnblic work* in 1892, and the howl 'thry raised after the maritime strike, caused a feel who had money invited in colonial bank? That feeling of confidence gave place to 41 ie trust and the withdrawal of much money that produced a panic which terminated as they knew in the bursting of a num ber of banks. Tbe Government appear* d to h \ in come dread, and lie thought they need be, of being called to account for their past sins on the (jucstiim of education. Tlivir manifesto set fort li tjiat ibey had no inti- ntinn of impairing (lie pre bcnl system. It was not because they did not desire to do eo, hut because t^ey found out that the country would not have it. Ministers hid repeately stat d that the colony was paying far too moch for education. Their scurvy treatment of teachers a couple - f years back in tbe matter of re trench men t offered Bouie proof of this. Kven the email concessions dragged out of them Uat year by Mr. Groom'b motion w*a agreed to in a half hearted way, and only when they found seven eighths of the House agaiust them. Let any one analyse a speech of Mr. Ddlrymple, the Minister for Education, in reply to M r. Groom's motion. If there were anything in the faying that ** coming events cast their shadows before thrm,'that speech w«s an index of the feelings of tbe Government on the question, which put into language meant that if tl.cy had their way the general masses and indus trial classes, especially in the outside districts, wou'd have a mighty small chance of edu cating their children. It seemed an anomaly to him that the Government should take au interest in tbe industry of gold mining. He, thought the more of this because be Was sure | they were 'not built that way.' What] would be thought of a man that liai the power to do a thing yet refused to do it. And I what had Mr. Tozer been doint. daring tbe J past five years that he had not carried out, or attempted to carry out, some of the proposals set forth in his Gyuipie speech a fe* weeks back. (Applause.) The reason was obvious ; tbe question, yet it was expedient to soften the hearts of tbe miner at election times by dagy.ljng him with a. shadow, tbe substance of which they never intended he should enjoy. Two years age they announced in tbe Gover nor's Speech that a Rill for mining on private property would be brought down. If they possessed tbe interest tbey now appeared to 'have in tbe welfare of tbe digger, and the great industry of gold mining, he asked why was not that bill put for* ard ? He asserted that their sympathy was not genuine, they hung up with the sanction of Parliament a bait in the form of a deep sinking vote, and outside tbe realm of Parlia ment, lenced it with cast iron regulations so that none but synd cators and 'lining boodlers could get a bite. What benefit was this to the working digger, who often carried his life in his bands and spent his best years in exploring and developing the county. Tbe upset price of the Government in tbe pros pecting vote, and that at election time, was a paltry £2000 ; at other times it would doubt less be nil. To depend upon the Government was to depend upon a broken reed. (Ap planse.) If anything were obtained for the industry it had to be dragged oat of them. He regretted that the mining members were not a coherent force ; but the conditions of the gold field a were so vastly different; the only field being in. much the same position with themselves was Ravenswood. In the first place the gold warden should be stationed at Calliope, it beinp tbe inost central position of the district ; to station him at Gladstone was as bad as placing a policeman at the Marblestone for t4ie benefit of Calliope. He believed from the reports of such men as Captain Bennett, whose opinions he had often made use of to sup, ort his claim for works for tbe treatment of refractor}' ons, that these works should be in a central position near Calliope, in order that such places as Norton, Mount Jacob Tableland, and many others would be nil bin measurable distance. There were some difficulties to overcome, but be had urged the matter at different times, and he felt justified in saying that the Minister rion unfa von raS£, bat wanted first to know what* the IocjI people were prepared to d$ ^f he showed that tbey had a tangible scheme be wonld try and meet them. He assured bis hearers that in this as well as in other matters pertaininc to mining his best efforts would be par forth to bring about the ad vanceinent of the industry. Tbey Here told that the question of federation bad quite seized the Government', so much so that tbe disfranchising of nearly 4000 persons was quite a secondary consideration, (laughter.) If tie Government told the honest troth they would aay that tbey bad discovered that their posi tion with tbe country was not as rosy as they would wish, and they were driven to take advantage of every point and did not scruple to disfranchise a number of persons to gain an end. Well, tbey had some experience of the kind of liberty they were likely to get from the Government, and he instanced tfae Peace Preservation Act, better known as tbe Coeidon Act, as one. Tbe Hon. Mr. Byrnes; tbe Attorney-General, who posed as an Irish man, could raise his voice as he had heard him in elegant style on tbe question of 'Home Rule for Ireland,' and the next day, bo to speak, search tbe English statutes and there choose out three of the most diipicable and villainous Irish Coercion Acts to make applicable to this country j measures that lie must have known had never served a osefal pnrpose, measures that had caused untold crime, suffering and misery in that unfortn~ tanate country Ireland, measures that were not in touch with human sentiment. When Mr. rtyrnes could not only sit with a Govern ment that favoured such dastardly measures, bat actually championed them, he did not feel the least surprised at his at tion in dis franchising electors by a side issue on tbe supposed interest in the question of federation. The great question on which these elections would be fought was socialism, a question not well understood, but it was, perhaps, a con' venient bogey to raise by those on the Treasury benches. He was not aware tbac socialism formed a part of the Democratic programme,1 though some of those on tbe outside plank of the Labour movement might bold extreme viewe. Nor was be aware that socialism took a prominent place in the Labour party's programme. He had never heard a persou rant about a general divide who was not sound on the question of class representation. He desired to be understood, and he &aid; at once be was not a socialist, much less could he countenance a policy of confiscation. He believed in government by the people, of the people, and for the meant a government by the masses as opposed to the classes. In that respect he was & Democrat. It was not well understood, but it was a fact thatHn Continental countries a conflict was gong on with individualism, and in France, Germany, aod Belgium the collec tivist party bad succeeded in sending quite * fair number of representatives to the Legula* tore. In England, if tbe last election could be taken as an index, socialism bad not made any progress. Ideal socialism, or the collec tion of laud and all means of production, distribution, and exchange He was not going to say that a state organisation of industry was impossible, for be sometimes thought that there wu a higher basis of civilisation than that of persooaJ interest. If all men were endowed with equal capacity, soctolteta would perhaps be a vast moral Improvement, bat tJie elements of success would have to reside in a better humanity. It was not by any inherent impossibilities in socialism itself that it wati objected to; the great moral and mental inequalities that existed in the human race would make it impossible to govern human society on principles that demanded for the BDCceseJul application lie suppression of those inherent vices in oar nature, that were the very source of the evil* themselves. With regard to the opposition that had been set up against biro, well be expected opposition, and would tell bis hearers that he was not going to attempt to bribe them by making bogus offers to buy out their selections at £6 per acre (laughter and applause), or induce iu a lot of high falutin rot that coo Id only emanate from & political adventurer. Port Curtis was, however, a most unwieldy electorate, with places where do community of interest existed, and it did not surprise him to see opposition. After all, it was a question for tbe electors. Every aspirant lor each a position had to undergo, and rightly bo, a close scrutiny, especially those who had previously taken part in public affairs, and as regards himself he was not going to rnince matters by pa.UU.tioQ ; be would resort to no deception, be wished to stand or fail by bis actions. If the electors thought they were going to get better results from his opponent than himself they would be justified in returning him. He had foil confidence in the elector e, bat he felt, to use an old aphorism, that before they threw ont their dirty water they would closely analyse the quality that was going to replace it. (Hear, hear, and applause. ) In himself the electors knew he belonged to Fort Curtis, was one of themselves in the full meaning of the term, one whose interests were like their own, inseparably interwoven with the better ment or otherwise of the district's progress, and one who had worked indefatigahly to bring the district into prominence^ and to serve the electors honestly and faithfully. Were they likely to get better results from one who to all intents and purposes was a mere adventurer, a carper-bagger end bird of passage, a- person who possessed not an atom of stake in the district, whose sympathies were entirely with the South, and who four years ago hardly knew that each a place as Port Carets existed ; a person who had been employed all his life by a monetary institution, was pat forward by a few of the malcontent section as being the right kind of person to throw dust in the eyes of the selec tors and miners (applause), who would get a pension £150 a-year and go and reside in * pokey place like Ipswich, and from there represent Port Curtis. That's what the Foote dynasty meant. He repealed, was it likely that a person who as a muter of fact knew nothing of their past history, their dis trict, and the treatment it had received ij the past, and possessed no interest in it, woald be Anything more t^-tn & voting machine for the present combination-- a mere automaton for the Nelson -BoJcock party. He folly expected he would be strongly opposed by the Govern ment and those who had a strong antipathy to himself. Sis opponent bad never taken much interest in politics, whereas be (Mr. Boles) bad gained a good position and was able to pnH tbe ropes in such a manner that a new member could not hope to do. A new member bad to learn how to do it. It was quite easy, but it had to be learned. He had do great desire to remain in politics, but having done a little to bring the district into prominence he thought with a further tenure he couli do more than some people Beemed to expect. (Hear, hear.) He quoted his advo cacy of a railway to TablelanJ, Collide, and across to the Central Uoc as u work, he mooted three years ago to Sir Thomas M'Bwraith, and one that might not be very far in the fa tore. In conclusion be would be happy to refer to any questions that had been omitted or give information a& to bis past actioua, or offer any explanation that he micht be asked for. He had nothing to conceaL He had already stated he had ho particular desire to remain in politic*, but when he found a large number of persons in all ports of the electorate anxious that hfi should do eo, he thought a man should be prepared to make some sacrifice in the interest of duty. (Applanae.) If he felt the feeliug were ag-inst him, or tliat be iiail not been successful, he would h*ve stood aside. He was still prepared to stand aside for a local man who hud botne stake iu tbe place and who held the same poliliial views as himself. For sucli a man lie would quite willingly stand aside, bJi Mr. Foote had no stake whatever. {Loud and cooiinued dfjplause). after » lengthy pause Mr. W. Uintri'.l asked the camlidale for an tipr^bfiioa of ojjiuiuo od I be lilack labour question. Mr. Boles : I may My X bare been oppir*ed u» it. The question docs not affect Port Curl is much btca.u&e; we do not gvo* sugar. BUcfc labour is doomed. In the course of a year or two the Kauaka uill be gone forever. If uoiitiu£*l to the sugar fields I do not see that lliere is much harm iu it. (Mr. A. M'L'onueU : ft would cripple a ^reat in tiuytry to wipe it uul euddeuly). I admit i lint At the prefaent rafe of production die supply of sugar uiH exceed the local druiatjtl before very luD*. and we will (ben i liave to export, w l.iir'j uiil bring us into, compel iiiou \nith tugar grot* u l-y cheap ' labour in oib*T countries. {Mr. J.l-bol&uii; : ' What will hwu^evf it I hcu. J I do not think , we will be able to successfully cauipcLe. - hit. Cwitrili : I couff^tuUlc you u|wu y«ur [ |M.*ntiuLiulAtion, but I want Lo kuow etn- ( frfia(i£4.[ly a.ic you Id favour of Mack labour ? — Vr. Violt-a : No, I am opi*oscJ to iu i Ha-'-tnl *?{{[ bkxow that.— Mr. Cautrill: But) going (o vote for. (Load applause.) 2 want J vou to down Footc, if you take two feet to do [ it, (Laughter*. j Mr. Cant rill : Another question I wish to ask the candidate is; Vaee he favour local _ autonomy, or government by shire councils. —Mr. Boles: Perhaps Mr. CamriU wiU explain his question more folly. — Mr. CamrilJ : It is a kind of mimic Parliament, for tbe benefit of those who paid rates. It is ia use in tbe old country at the present day. —Mr. Boles said he was favourable to a system of having rates expended where they w«re collected; tbe Divuuoiul Boards Act provided for that now to a large extent. Mr. Cantrill asked the candidate for an expression of bis views on Northern Separa tion,— Mr. Boles replied at length. He believed tbe return of a two-thirds majority to the new Parliament would induce the Im perial Parliament to interfile. Central Queensland was in a much better position llxan the North, so far us exports went. Mr. Cantrill : Has the Government taken into coasiderauon any scheme for. pensioning the aged poor, besides sending them to Dan wicfa.— Mr. Boles said be bad visited Don wich and foniid the inmates more comfortably situated than many outside.— Mr. Cantrill: Id Germany relief is given tbe aged not as paupers, but as former producers of tbe nation's wealth. Mr. Can trill : Is the contingent vote in force still? I would like to know, in case some person might give a vote to M r. Foote or fourteen inches. (Laughter.) — Mr, Boles : Tee contingent vote will not be used unless a Labour candidate stands. I he&rd; there was one man in Gladstone coming out as such. I hope my supporters will plump straight tor me and give no one the con tingent vote. It was introduced simply to bamboozle the electors. Mr. Ferguson : Will Mr. Boles support a subsidy for a bridge over the Calliope?— Mr. Boles : I am in favour of asking for a good deal, but whether the Government will grant it is another thing. Generally they can stand a good deal of asking ; I have had to ask them many times. When an application of that nature is made the first question asked by the Minister is : What is the local authority prepared to do ? In the case of the Calliope River the local antfaority would not do much* because it had not the money. Mr. Boles referred to the offer of £200 he received from the Minister for the Raglan bridge, which the Board refused to accept. He would bring the Calliope bridge proposal before the Minister. Mr. CantrBl asked would Mr. Boles sup port a proposal to block the introduction of foreign labour during strikes ? — Mr. Boles could not support each a proposal. It was |m practicable, and would simply block the introduction of capital into & country. Mr. M*E.ean : Is our member iu favour of a minimum wage on pablic works ? — Mr. Boles : Yea, I am in favour and will support that. Mr. J. Gardner: I propose a vote -f con* fideoce in Mr. Boles.— Mr. JE. Stoneley : I beg to second it. (Loud applause.) Tbe. Chairman put the motion, and asked those in favour to put up their right hands. — [& voice: 111 pat op a fool; will that do? Laughter.) — The motion was declared carried unanimously. {Applause.} About fifty hands were held up for and none against. Mr. Boles thanked them. He believed Calliope would support him in this election as it did at the last. He thanked the electors for the support accorded him here and in otbex centres; it was some satisfaction and showed that bis efforts were appreciated. If returned be wonld attend to the requirements of all who brought their grievances under his notice, whether friend or opponent. (Hear, hear.) He always made it a point of doing this ; especially would the selector and miner receive his support. If they had frm-rances they would be attended to if subuiittfd to him, and he had command of support from other members that at times proved very usefuL A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. 