WALLAROO. MR. H. A. GRAINGER. Mr. H. Allerdale Grainger addressed a large and appreciative audience at Wallaroo on Thursday, April 9. After thanking the electors for the confidence they had shown in him and which he trusted he had done nothing to for feit, he stated that he would not occupy the time by referring to the local benefits their re presentatives had secured. In this the cour teous and gentlemanly course was always to give your colleague half the credit. When the members for a district quarrel over local re quirements that district moreover was apt to suft'er. Our members were at present mostly engaged in following the advice contained in the lines of Gilbert— In this world it you wish to advance, 'You must stir it, and Btump it, And blow your own trumpet Or you haven't the ghost of a chance. Not ' the ghost of a chance,' but for that evening he would abstain from attempting to prod the patriotism, of such electors whose votes were to be caught by the promise of anew post-office, or perhaps of another policeman, and whose views on the consolidation of the public debt or the precise form federation .should take were decidedly hazy; It was always difficult to get a member who suited everybody. The perfect man. and the perfect horse uo one had ever seen ; it was doubtful whether some politicians and electors might not come more fairly under the heading of 'the perfect ass.' The perfect politician not being obtainable we had to secure the best article offering, and it was as important to select the best for a South Australian Parliament as it would be, he hoped shortly, for a Federal Parliament. Biennial Parliaments would be too costly, and four years was too long a period to appoint any man as member. More than enough broken pledges now defiled the pages of ' Hansard.' The country required single electorates and a fresh division of the electoral districts. Amongst the promissory politics of the Pre mier was an elective Ministry scheme, like nothing on the earth or under the earth. The Council were to have no say in it, because the Government proposed that the representative of the Ministry in the Upper House should be elected by the Assembly. It would if adopted, which was improbable, fail to secure the best man, but would assist the most scheming, the allthings to-all-men sort, the trickster, the cheat, the bully, the briber, and the beggar of billets. It would result also in constant crises and con tinual squabbling, as well as log rolling, which spelt ruin. Ministers, like two men in a boat pulling in opposite directions, wouM soon render the colony supremely ridiculous. He advocated the immediate con solidation of the debt, and opposed the exten sis'Q use of the referendum as too expensive, and failed to see that any good or substantial reason had been advanced for the proposed Kopperamaniia railway or the graving dock. Too much was made of tbs pro posal contained in his Bill of 188-1 to abolish the plea of common employment. A penny per workman per week would cover the risk of employers. He had on a previous oc casion so recently repeated iiis opinions on several other matters that he would not on that occasion refer to them. Mr. Grainger spoke for a little over an hour, and was heartily applauded. 