Novelist The Mystery of the Inn; Or, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. CHAPTER XXII. — (Continued). I promised him a new that would certainly delight him. As the garden was plainly visible from the oak parlor, you can readily understand to what view I alluded. But he had no sus- picious of my meaning, and followed me with some reluctance. But his aspect changed, materially when, in walking up and down the paths, I casually remarked: "This is the least inhabited side of the inn. Only one room is occupied, and that by two foreigners —Madame and Mademoiselle Letellier. —Yet it has a pleasant outlook, as you yourself can see." "Is she—are they behind those win- dows ?" he asked, with an impetuosity I could not but admire in a man with so much to recommend him to the considera- tion of others. "I beg your pardon," he added, a moment later, after a stolen glance at the house, " I know these ladies, and any- thing in connection with them is interest- ing to me." I believed it, and had hard work to hide my secret trouble. But his preoc- cupation assisted me, and at length I found courage to remark: "They are from Paris, I understand. A fine woman, Madame Letellier. Must be much, admired in her own land?" He seemed to have no reason for re- senting my curiosity. She is," was his quick reply. " She is not only admired, but respected. I have never heard her name mentioned but with honor. I am happy to be known as her friend." I gave him one quick look. Good heavens ! what lay before this man ! And he so unconscious ! I felt like wishing the inn would fall to atoms before our eyes, crushing beneath it the sin of the past and the false hopes for the future. He saw nothing. He was smiling upon a rose which he had plucked and was hold- ing in his hand. "This inn is one of the antiquities," I now observed, anxious to know if any hint of its secrets had ever reached his ears. "They say it is one of the first struc- tures reared on the river. Have you ever heard any of the traditions connected with it ?" " O, no," he smiled. "The-Happy- Go-Lucky is quite a stranger to me. You cherish up all its legends, though, I have no doubt. Are there any tales of ghosts among them ? I can easily imagine cer- tain disembodied spirits wandering through its narrow halls and up and down its winding stair-cases." "What spirits ?" I asked, convinced, however, by his manner that he was talk- ing at random with the probable aim of prolonging our walk within view of the window behind which his darling might stand concealed. "Madame must inform me. I have too little acquaintance with this country to venture among its traditions." " There is a story," I began ; but here a finely modulated but piercing voice rang musically down the paths from the house, and we heard : "Your eyes will certainly suffer, Mrs. Truax if you let the hot sun glare upon them so mercilessly." And, turning, we saw madame's smil- ing face looking from the casement with a meaning that struck us both dumb and led me to shorten our walk lest my in- terest in the romance then going on should be suspected and my usefulness thus become abridged. Was it to forestall my suspicions, rid her- self of my vigilance, or to insure herself against any forgetfulness on her daugh- ter's part, that madame some two hours later sent me the following note : "Dear Mrs. Truax, —I can imagine that after your walk in the blazing sun- light you do not feel very well this even- ing. I must nevertheless request of you a favor, my need being great and you being the only person who can assist me. The Marquis de la Roche-Guyon, with whom I saw you promenading, has come to this place with the express intention of paying court to my daughter. As I am not prepared to frown upon his suit, and equally unprepared to favor it, I do not feel at liberty to refuse him the pleasure of an interview with my daughter and yet do not desire them to enjoy such an in- terview alone. As I am ill, quite ill, with a sudden and excruciating attack of pain in my right hip, may I ask if you will fulfil the office of chaperon for me, and without embarrassment to either party take such measures as will prevent an absolute confidence between them, till I have obtained the sanction of my hus- band to an intimacy which I myself dare not encourage ? "Very truly your debtor, if you ac- complish this, "MADAME LETELLIER." CHAPTER XXIII. IN THE SECRET CHAMBER. Have only twenty-four hours elapsed ? It is but yester- night that all the terrible events took place the memory of which are now making my frame tremble ? So the clock says, and yet how hard it is to believe it. Madame Letellier— But I will preserve my old method, I will not anticipate events, but relate them as they occurred. To go back, then, to the note which I received from madame. I did not like it; I did not see its consistency, and I did not mean to be its dupe. If she in- tended remaining in the oak parlor, then over the oak parlor I would keep watch; for from her alone breathed whatever danger there might be for any of us, and to her alone I did look for the explana- tion of her mysterious presence in a spot that should have held a thousand repel- lent forces for her and hers. As for her sudden illness, that was nonsense. She was as well as I was myself. Had I not seen her standing at the window an hour or two before ? But here I made a mistake. Madame was really ill, as I presently had occasion to observe. For not only was a physician summoned, but word came that she wished to see me, also; and when I went to her room I found her in bed, her face pallid and distorted with pain, and her whole aspect betraying the greatest phy- sical suffering. It was a rheumatic attack, affecting mainly her right limb, and it made her so helpless that, for a moment, I stood aghast at what looked to me like a dis- pensation of Providence. But in another instant I began to doubt again for though I knew it was beyond any- body's power to simulate the suffering under which she evidently labored, I was made to feel, by her penetrating and restless looks, that her mind retained its hold upon its purpose, whatever that purpose might be, and that for me to re- lax my vigilance now would be to give her an advantage that would be imme- diately seized upon. I therefore held my sympathies in check ; and, while acting the part of the solicitous landlady, watched for that glance or word which should reveal her secret intentions. Her daughter, whose eyes were streaming with tears, stood over her like a pitying angel, and not till we had done all we could to relieve her mother, and subdue her pain, did she allow her longing eyes to turn towards the clock that beat out the passing moments with mechanical precision. It was a quarter to nine. The mother saw that glance, and hid her face for a moment; then she took mademoiselle by the hand, and drawing her down to her, whispered audibly : . "I expect you to keep your appoint- ment. Mrs. Truax will send one of the girls to sit with me. Besides I feel bet- ter, as if I could sleep. Only remember your promise, dear. No look, no hint of your feelings." Mademoiselle flushed scarlet. Stealing a look at me, she drew back embarrassed, but O! how joyous. I felt my old heart quiver as I surveyed her, and in spite of the dread form of the redoubtable woman stretched before me, in spite of the gruesome room and its more than gruesome secrets, something of the fairy-light of love seemed to fall upon my spirit and lift the darkness from the place for one short and glowing moment. "Look in the glass," the mother now commanded. "You need to tie up your curls again and put a fresh flower at your throat. I do not wish you to show weariness. Mrs. Truax "—these words to me in low tones, as her daughter with- drew to the other aide of the room—" you received my note ?" I nodded. "You will do what I ask ?" I nodded again. Deliberate falsehood it was, but I showed, no sign of faltering. "Then I will excuse you now." I rose. "And do not send anyone to me. 'I wish to sleep, and another's presence would disturb me. See the pain is al- most gone." She did look better. "Your wishes shall be regarded," I assured her. "If you do feel worse, ring this bell and Margery will notify me." And placing the bell rope near her hand, I drew back, and presently quitted the room. Lingering in the hall just long enough to see the lovely Honora flit across the threshold of the sitting-room which I had purposely ordered vacant for her use, I hurried to my room. It was dark, dark as the secret chamber, into which I now stole with the lightest and wariest of steps. Horror, gloom and apprehension were in the air which brooded stiflingly in the narrow spot, and had it not been for the righteous pur- pose sustaining me, I should have fallen at this critical moment, crushed beneath the terrible weight of my own feel- ings. But one who has to listen, straining every faculty to catch the purport of what is going on behind an impenetrable wall, soon forgets himself and his own sensa- tions. As I pressed my ear to the wall and caught the sound of a prolonged and painful stir within, I only thought of following the movements of madame, who, I was now sure, had left her bed and was dragging herself, with what diffi- culty and distress I could but faintly judge by the involuntary groans which now and then left her, across the floor towards the door, the key of which I presently heard turn. This done, a heavy silence followed, then the slow, dragging sound began again, interrupted now by weary pants and heavy sobs that at first chilled me and then shook me with such fear that it was with difficulty that I could retain my place against the wall. She was crawling in my direction, and at each instant I heard the pants grow louder. I gradually withdrew, step by step, till I found my- self pressed up against the wall in the remotest corner I could find. And here was I standing, enveloped in darkness and dread, when the sounds changed to that shuddering, rushing noise which I had heard once before in my life, and from a narrow gap through which the faint light in the room beyond dimly shone in a thread of lesser darkness, the aperture grew, till I could feel rather than see her form, crawling, not walking, through the opening, and hear, distinct enough, her horrible, gurgling tones, as she murmured: "I shall have to grope for what I want —touch it, feel it, for I cannot see. O God ! O God ! What horror! What punishment !" Nearer, nearer over the floor she came, dragging her useless limb behind her. Her outstretched arm groped, groped about the floor, while I stood trembling and agonised with horror till her hand touched the skirt of my dress, when, with a great shriek of suddenly liberated feeling, I pushed her from me, and cried out: " Murderess ! do you seek the bones of your victim ?" I flung open the door against which I stood and let the light from my own room stream in upon us two. Her face as I saw it at that moment has never left my memory. She had fallen in a heap at my first move, and now lay crushed before me, with only her wide staring eyes and shaking lips to tell that she lived. "You thought I did not know you," I burst forth. "You thought because I had never seen your face, you could come back here, bringing your innocent daugh- ter with you, and cast yourself into the very atmosphere of your crime without awakening the suspicion of the woman whose house you had made a sepulchre of for so many years. But crime was written too plainly on your brow. The spirit of Honora Urquhart, breaking the bounds of this room, has walked ever be- side you, and I knew you from the first moment you had strayed down this hall." Broken sounds, unintelligible murmur- ings, were all that greeted my anxious ears. " You are punished," I went on, "in the misery of your daughter. Nemesis has reached you. The blood of Honora Urquhart has called aloud from these walls, and not yourself only, but the still viler being whose name you have so falsely shared, must answer to man and God for the heart you so heartlessly sacrificed and the rights you so falsely usurped." "Mercy !" came in one quick gasp from the crushed heap of humanity be- fore me. But I was inexorable. I remembered Honora Urquhart's sweet face, and at that moment could think of nothing else. So I went on: " You have had years of triumph. You have borne your victim's name, worn your victim's clothes, sported with your victim's money. And he, her husband, has looked on and smiled. Day after day, month after month, year after year, you have gone in and out before your friends, unmolested and unafraid ; but God's ven- geance, though it halts, is sure and keen. Across land and across water the memories of this room have drawn you, and not content with awakening sus- picion, you must make suspicion cer- tainty by moving a spring, unknown even to myself, and entering this spot from which the bones of your victim were taken only two months ago, Marah Leighton!" Moved by the name, she stood up. Tottering and agonised with pain, but firm once more and determined, she towered before me, her face turned to- wards the room she had left, her hand lifted, her whole attitude that of one listening. "Hark !" she cried. It was a knock, a faint, low, trembling knock that we heard, then the word "Mamma " came in muffled accents from the hallway. A convulsion crossed the counte- nance of the miserable woman before me. "O God! my daughter, my daugh- ter !" she cried. And falling at my feet, she grovelled in anguish as she pleaded : "Will you kill her ? She knows no- thing. suspects nothing. The whole fifteen years of her life are pure. She is a flower." I love her — I love her, though she looks like the woman I hated and killed. She bears her name—why, I do not know —I could not call her anything else; she is my living reproach, and yet I love her. Do you not see it was for her I crossed the water, for her I plunged my living hand into this tomb to learn if our secret had ever been discovered, and if there was any hope that she might yet be made happy? Ah, woman, woman, you are not a wretch —a demon ! You will not sentence this innocent soul to disgrace and misery. Even if I must die —and I swear that I will die if you say so —leave to my child her hopes; keep secret my sin, and take the blessing of the most miserable being that crawls upon the earth, as a solace for your old age. Hear me; hear a wretched mother's plea —" "It is too late," I broke in. "Even were I silent there are others upon your track. I doubt if your husband does not already know that the day of his pros- perity is at an end." She gave a low cry, and tottered from the place. Entering her own room, she threw herself upon the bed. I followed, drawing the curtains about her. Then closing the door of communication be- tween the oak parlor, and the chamber beyond, I passed to the door behind which we could yet hear her daughter's soft voice calling, and, unlocking it, let the radiant creature in. "O, mamma !" she began, "I could not keep my word—" But here I held up my hand, and draw- ing her softly out, told her that her mother needed rest just now, and that if she would come to my room for a little while it would be best; and so prevailed upon her that she promised to do what I asked, though I saw her cast longing glances through the partly opened door towards the sombre bed so like a tomb, and which at that moment was a tomb, had she known it —a tomb of hope, of joy, of peace forevermore. I was just going out, when a slight stir still detained me. Looking back, I saw a hand thrust out from between the fall- ing curtains. Just a hand; but how elo- quent it was ! Pointing it out to mademoiselle, I said: "Your mother's hand. Give it a kiss, mademoiselle, but do not part the cur- tains." She smiled and crossed to that ominous bed. Kneeling, she kissed the hand, which thereupon raised itself and rested on her head. In another instant it was drawn slowly away, and, with a startled look. the half-weeping daughter rose and glided again to my side. As I closed the door, I thought of these words: "And the sins of the father shall be visited upon the children to the third and fourth generation." (To be continued) Genius without religion is only a lamp on the outer gate of a palace. It may serve to cast a gleam of light on those that are without, while the inhabitants sit in darkness. 