CURRENT TOPI0S. CjNsoLIDATED R5V8NUm , Jaiiuary's revsnue returns are to hand, and show a total of £63,818 4s 2d, as against £73,435 18s 3d for the obrriesponding month of 1895\. The Customs returns show a total of £23,862 8s 2d, as against £27,894 13s 3d for January last year,anud receipts from. other sources show £39,950 16s, as com pared with £45,541 5a, or a declension of £5590 9a in Customs and £4032 5s Id, or a total declire "f £9d22 143 Id. 'Only Devonport and Strahan show incroased' Customs,while in other receipts only inland revenue and miscellaneous item3 have in oreases. The railway revenue shows very little change, the amounts being for last month £183,926 17s 44, and for the corres ponding month of 1895 £13,991 163. PoaIcs CHANGES.-It is understood tht a report will be laid on the tableat the meeting of the City Council to-day embody. ing the proposed amalgamation and re trenchment, affecting in particular the Poli e Departm nt. As a result of the discussion which has taken place in com mittee of the whole Council a scheme has been agreed to the principal point of which is that Superintendent Ciulter will retire ,n his pension of ?300 per year, and be succeeded, if the pzopo al meets with the app:oval cf the Council, by Sub inspector Scot. Other changes will als> b3 made, full particulars of which will no doubt be contained in the report. In the course of discu sion a prop-sal was made that ?Mr Coulter s,,ou'd retire on his pension, but be re-appointed at a nominal salary amount ing to10 the diff rence between his present rmolnment and his pension, by which virtually £300 of his salary would have been tak'n fronm the police provident fund insead of from the municipal revenue This, however, was not adopted. A HEAvY FALL. - Alfred Woodworth, who only a week ago' was a'leged to have be.n the victim of a stabbi ig affray, is again in the doctor's hands. He was proceeding a'ong Charles-s'reet late on Saturlay evening when he suddenly stepped .ff thepavement and fell heavily in the gutter. He was picked up by some passers by, who end:ng he was unable walk carried him to his rasiden:e Eliz.beth-street. Dr. Holm- -as calle in, and it was fcuod that W o'worth left leg was broken below the knee. T injured man is progressing as favourab as can b3 expected under the cirou stances. FHDERATIO .--A number of residents of the Higley distrtct contemplate inviting the Attorney-General and the hon. Thomas Reibey t, adi-cussion on" Felera tios" in the Montacute Hall at an early date. If the gathering takes place an interesting debate should result. LoT FLY.-- Two female hot flies from the Turner's Marsh district were brought to thin office on Satu:day. Some of the resi dents of the locali y have noted that the pest is much more liable to attack bay on brown horses than grey or white, S*iroT BY HIS BROTHEB.-OnI Saturday i -afternoon three brothers named M'Ewan I went out on a shooting expedition in the i vicinity of the.First Basin. The youngest I 'of'the trio, not being satisfied with the I :choice of locality, returned home, but the c other two, named Robert and George, con 'tinued their pursut of game, and their pro. ceedings very nearly had a tragic ending. t ,Unknown to the former George disappeared c into some rather thick scrub, and a few moments after he did so Robert noticed a I rabbit running from cover and let fly at it. It so happened that George M'Ewsn was in t the line of fire, and he received some dozen t pellets in his calf and thigh. A baker's I cart being near at hand the injured man t was thereby conveyed to the residence of 1 his parents in Frederick-street and Dr. Hogg oclled in. The wounds caused by the shot are fortunately all in the fleshy part Z of the leg, and therefore not serious. c Yesterday M'Ewan, who is about 32 years ,of age and a married man, was removed to f his home in Cleveland-street, and will no ( doubt be as active as usual in a day or two. RAILWAY FiEIzGUTS.-In another column will be found complete particulars of the rates for small lots of dairy, farm, and E garden produce which rule on the Tas- I manian Government Railways. Cartage -oharges are also announced. ] NEw MEDICAL PUBLICATION.- The first I issue of the Intercolonial Medical Journal of I Australasia, a new monthly, to take the 1 place of the Australian Medical Jourenal and the Intercolonial Quarterly Journal of .Medicine and Surgery, is to bhand from the publishers, Meesrs Stillwell and Co., of 'Melbourne. It contains original articles, clinical and hospital records, a good peris cope, and reviews, and'is altogether a first class addition to the ranks of medical :journalism. •CYCLING ACCIDENT.-At the City Cycling Club's carnival on the Associdtion Ground on Saturday afternoon a somewhat serious accident occurred in the Consolat on Race. I George Brickhill was leading a bunch of half a 'dozen riders, when he came off and gravelled all behind him. At least one machine .went over Brickhill, who fell heavily, and the pedal jammed his'head to the, grcund and cut his forehead severely. The officials rushed to the spot and picked Brickhill up in a semi-unconscious condi tion, the other fallen riders happily being uninjured, and conveyed him to the pavilion, where Dr. Clemons attended to his immediate wants, and deeptched him in a cab to his home. On arrival there Dr. Thompson was called in and stitched the wound, which though Fevere is not serious. Brickhill was also cot about the knees and otherwiso bruised, while his system re ceived a severe shock. According to the latest news he is prore3sing favourably, but it will bea weak or more before he will be about again. THE KINETO'PONE - This scientific wonder will be on view for one week only at the shop next to Mr H. Stoner's, to bacconist's, Charles-street. MIssIoNs,R-ev. C. Bice will give a lantern lecture on "Missions" at St. \--John's school-room this evening, com mencing at eiebht o'clock. MEaonls, C?oBncu.-There were large bongregations at the Memorial Church yes terday both morning and evening, especially at the latter service. The Rev. J. T. Piercey, late of Hobart, preached i the morning from the text Genesis i., 11, " The birds that disturbed the service," The pieacher spoke against the existing foimality in worship, which, like the birds that disturbed Abraham while sacrificing to God,'disturbed and dis'racted people in " the present day, viz., the thoughts of busi ness, envy, uncharitableness, carelessness, and utibelief. He also pointed' out the hedessity of being pure and sincere in the service of God before expecting His bles sing. In the evening the subject' was "How'Peter filled the fishing boats," Luike v. C ? ozaERT A ALBERT HALL.-Daspite the fado'that the' draught blew half a gale a large audience listened with appreciation to a vocal and instrumental concert in the Alberb Hall last evening. The City Band played two selections in first-class style, while Mrs Mitchell, Miss Alice Grant, Messrs S. Lidster and S Luttrell gave wel come vocal contributions, their efforts n'meeting with marked approval at the hands -.*of.'the audience. Mrs A. H. Bowden fulfilled the duties of accompanist, and Mr Bowden played a violin obligato to Miss Grant's song "The better land." lEnePSTFS' Con?lER ]PAIR.-This firm announce that harvesting having pre vented numbe:e from availing themselves o bf the advantag2s of the' fair, they have resolved to extend it for come time longer. A. list of oeluctions will be published to morrow. SALE OF PAINTINas.-Meysrs W. T. B 11 and Co. will offer for sa'e by auction on M0dday, 17c) inst., about 35 painti ags from the brush of Captain Forrest. 'HEALTH OFFICEE FOR HOBnART.--Appli cations are invited, addressed to the Mayor Saind Aldermen of Hobart, for the combined positions of Offleer of Health and Sanit ry Inspector up till Monday, - ebruary 17, at four o'c'ock. Applicauts must be duly * qualified medical practitioners, and devote the whole cf their time tothe service of the Corporation The sa'ary is A.350 per annum, and particulars of duties can be obtained on application to Mr W. T. Birch, Town Clerk. :TAMrAR-sTCIET CHURCIs.-On Sunday aiorning the lkv J. G Wright offered a -mpall tribu e to the memory of the late Mrs Thliompsm, weo passed from this life on •Thesday last. The t xtb wa ' Bnt I wouild not have you to be ignorant·, brethren, concerning them which are asleep, that ye sorrow n t. -yen as others which have no hape, etc:," 1 Thess. iv., 13, 14. Having. dwelt upon Christ's resurre::tion reference was mad- to th beautiful metaphor which the ap ,Ite useed when speakitg of the state of the dead as being aeleep. Brief reftr ence was ceead, t the late Mn] Thompson, who for umany ye ra had been a member oe the Tamar-stre i Church. She had beena wis", loving, and psi-stsking parent, and, though in her 88thyear, her ment d powers w'vere healthy and vigorous to the last. Religion to her was an inner life, not a mere name. It was righteousness, peace, end joy in the Holy Ghost which imparted 'great spiritual beauty and grace, making her company a source of pleasu-e and profit. She was an earnest reader of the Bible, and a strong believer in prayer Whilst mourning with the bereaved, with them they aso rejoiced that the aged Christian had entere d into rest. BRIvER ExcUnrsons - On Saturd-y the e. Centenn al ran to George Town and other river poets, but as a consequence of the unfavour blc weather which prevailed at the time advertised for starting,uot a great many availed themselves of the thip. Yesterday afternoon both the Centennial and Agnes rann to Rosevear's, the former having St. Joseph's Band on board. COnnon OF ArPOsTz.s.-Several of the iriests who have been attending the eomen Catholic Synod at the capital arrived by express on Saturday, and while rho.e.e hose parishes are to the west went home by the evening, trains one or two remained in the city. At the 9hurch of the Apostles the early mass was celebrated by the Very Rev. Father M'Euroe,'S. J. of Melbourne, who also preached at the 11 o'clock service. The distinguished Jesuit delivered a powerful address on the Sacred I Heart of Jesus, and re'erred in congratula tory terms to the work of the confraternity of the Sacred Heart in connection with the parish The Rev. James Murphy (New Norfolk), who had been at'ached to this district for many years, and had charge of the Deloraine church for some tim-, sang the Missa Cantata, and in the evening the I Rev. Bernard Murphy tZBehan) occupied the pulpit, and spoke at considerable length on the education question. It is understood that the Very Rev. John O'Mahony is doing duty for the Very Rev. J. J. Noone at Latrobe, the latter having elected to remain in Hobart for a few days. I CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr E'nest Whit- b feld occupied the bench at the City Police li Court on Saturday. A man and woman, charged with insanity, were remanded for a week for medical observation. HOSrrTAL ITEs.--The following cases of acc'dent were treated at the General Hospital during Saturday and Sundays- - Wm. Vincent, aged 58, employed at the livery stable at the Sydney Hotel, Eliza beth-street, was kicked on the back by a horse, his shoulder blade and two ribs being broken. Ella Beckworth, three years-old, was knocked down by a cart in Cherles street, and sustained injuries in the shape of bruises on the head, face, and abdomen. An old lady named Mrs Martin, 75 years of age, residing in Garnet-street, off York-street, fell down and broke her elbow joint, and also sustained a severe cut on the arm, extending for some inches. RAINFALL.-Mr John Hart reports that I the rainfall registered at Deloraine during the month of January was as follows:- 5 h 8 points, 10th 4, 12th 89, 16th 44, 20th 8, 23rd 68,,..24'h 22, 27 7, 31st 32. Total for the month 2 inches82 points, as against 1 inch 8 points for the corresponding month of last year. DRuIDs' GALA.-The annual golden gala in connection with the United Auc'ent Order of Druids is to be held in Melbourne at Easter. The local secretaries (Mersrs W. C. Oldham and C. K. Ellis) are com peting all arrangements fo: the sale of tickets, and when these are completed full information will he advertised in the Examiner. For the present it is stated that prizes ranging from X1000 to £1 will be c I-red, and the drawing will be held in presence of public men. RACE CARNIVAL.--On Wednesday and Thursday evenings next the City Park will be the scene of specially arranged enter- tainments, consisting of open-air concerts, selections by City and St. Joseph's Bands, and a distribution of gifts, amongst the principal of which will be prize tickets in Tattersall's consultation on the Hobart Cup, V.D.L. Lottery, and in the Victorian Druids' Gala. The first prize in the Druids' Gala, it may he interesting to know, is a thousand sovereigns. A GLIMPSE OF ERIN. -A correspondent writes :--On Tuesdry evening last Professor Fanning, of Melbourne, delivered an entertaining an instructive lecture to a large audience at Turner's Marsh. The lec ture was entitled " A glimpse of Erin," and was illustrated by a large number of Irish rural and city views. The professor has a pleasing address, and kept his audience interested and amused for over two hours. As each view appeared some historical incident connected therewith was related. The entertainment concluded with a num ber of views of Australian interest, the most important of which, perhaps, were a number of views of bushranging exploits. The career of the Kelly- gang enabled the professor to deliver a few pointed observa tions to` the younger portion of the audience as to the ultimate result of a career of 'lawlessness and crime. WAxwoRs.--Rowley's Waxworks and Museum in Charles-street continues to attract large numbers of visitors. On Saturday the exhibition was crowded day and night. A special programme of amusement was provided for the children in the repetition of the punch and 'judy drama and the donation of presents for various recitations and the best-dressed doll, the competitions causing a great deal of interest amongst the young people. GAnarso0s BAND CowNcsT.-This band rendered an enjoyable programme at the Catara2t Cliff Grounds yesterday after. noon. Mr G. Harrison conducted. The attendance was moderate. HOSPITAL RETURNS. - The following is the strength return of the Launceston General Hospital for January, 1896: Strength January 1, 45 males, 25 females; admitted during the mrentb, 41 32; discharged, 25.26 ; die], 3 2 ; strength on February 1, 58 29. For last year the returns wLre- Strength on January 1, 27 males, 20 females ; admitted during the month, 47-35; d!schar ed, 2622; died, 6 0; strength on February 1, 42-88. Daring the m, nth of January last there were 109 out pati:nts (new cases), and the total attendances numbered 710. L C. AND S.I.A.-The ladic s' conmmnit ee of the Launceston City an] Suburbs Im provement AeEOsiotion will be thankful to receive promised contributions and as oi-tance at.171 and 173 St. John- st:ecet. " Si Seeon."--The Launceston Comedy Club will On race mnights tender a cmpli moat benefitb to the stage manager for pact services in the shape of a pe:formaace at the Acatemyof "Sir Simon." EVANDALE BsND.-A public meatiug will be held in the Coencil Chambers at Esandale this evening to reorganise the Evandale Bend. The Warden, Mr J. B. Gebsn m, will pr side. MilarNes v. WIFE BEBTER.-There is a certain rsideot of Battery Point who must feel particularly small (says Saturday's Tasmanian News). It appears that the man has a disagre able dispositicn and only one white shirt, and when be wants to look nice he dons thi; garment. His wife takes sprcild pains tb make her lord and master look nic', ond went to the trouble of washing that identical garment three times this w ek. History does not say whether he s'ayel in bed while she wasted it. Even the three tim.s washing didnot please this fastidrous resident, who Sis as vain as the proverbial jackdaw was when arrayed in peas ok's plumes, and last evening hoe started growling about it. His wife remonest-ated with him ween he left the house (after packing up his traie) to clear away. As it unfortunately happened the wife's Eister was near at hand, and the husband thinking he bad some grievance against her started maltreating her. Tae wife went to her assistance when the husband turned round and commence] beating her. Three marines from one of the warships in port happened to pass along at the tim -, and seeing a man beat Sing a woman they took off their belts, and whilst one held him across his knee like a a child the otheras gave him a severe whip. ping. Afterone had tired theo'herwent at it, the fellow getting a richly-deserved Sbeating. When they had concludedtheir chaetisement the man was very indignant, and wanted to fight the trio, one after the other, but the mariners said .when they fought they did no with a man as their opponent, and a man never beat a woman. They then coolly walked off, leaving the resident feeling very sore and email, ?os A. E. BUnnows's art classes will resume to-morrow at 34 Welman-street. Mrs Erskine Parker resumes musical tuition at Mlesss Birchall and Sons' 3n the same day. A COURT OF REVISION for revising the list of electors for Hobart and North, South, and West Hobart will be held at the Town Hall, Hobart, on the 12th inst., at 10 a.m. TENDERS will be received up to noon to-day for the supply of uniforms (nurses' and ser vants') at the Launoeston General Hospital. 