BLACKIE AND BRADLA UQH. I Anna M. Stoddart tells us in her 'Life of Professor Blackie' that Blackie met Charles Bradlaugh in 1874, at his friend, Mrs Gregory's. ' No ghosts ! (he records), but some dozen of strange, stray characters, and, among othersr, Bradlaugh, whom she (Mrs. Gregory) conceits herself to be able to convert — catching a bull with a cobweb ! A bull, verily — a big Ajax, tall and broad. Having a fancy for looking closely at nature, I determined to . go and hear him preach in his Atheistic church on Sunday evening at the east end. It was a notable exhibition. A terrible, tearing assault against the Book of Exodus, and its anthropomorphic represen tations of the unseen God; elo quence, powerful and fervid, of the first order. Really a remarfcible man, and, from his point of view, triumphant over those who held by the infallibility of the record, instead of the Divinity of the dis pensation. He made incidentally a public profession of Atheism, which caused me to write him a loug letter. I imagine that in the Socratic way I may be able to do him some good. He is a manly, honest fellow, and quite worthy of gentlemanly treatment, which I am. afraid he seldom receives.' The letter, says the biographer, was courteously answered by Mr. Brad laugh : ' I would like to convince you that my Atheism is neither shallow nor flippant. Spinoza, whom you name, has been in much my revered teacher.' Bishop Winner, of Alabama, famous as a story- teller, says that one of his friends lost a dearly beloved wife, and in his sorrow, caused these words to be inscribed on her tombstone : ' The light of mine eyes has gone out.' The bereaved, married within a year. Shortly afterwards the Bishop was walking through the graveyard with another gentleman. When they arrived at the tomb, the latter asked the Bishop what he would say of the present state of affaira, in view of the words on the tomb stone. 'I think,' said the Bishop, 'the words 'But I have struck another match' should be added.' One hundred and twenty firemen are required to feed the furnaces of a first-class Atlantic steamer. 