ABOVE THE SPEAKER SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. Bv TIM0TH1XS. "Timotheus plaee<l on high." I The Constitution Bill, full of debatable matter, has been inti-oduecd. Mr. Robert Harper has returned and resumed his old; seat in the Opposition corner, thus adding j materially to its fighting power. If the Op-1 position does not throw off its apathy now! it never will. There have been fears that! its heavy sleep may pass into a stupor. | When the Constitution Bill was intro duced last year it was well under stood that the Council would decide that it should be sent to the eounti-v. The Council is there Unenforce the admirable maxim; that when you ask for one thing you should not be put off with another. There was no indignant buret of feeling when the Council J so decided. The electors cheerfully ac- ! quiesced, and as nothing has changed since then further procedure with the measure would seem to be very much of a farce. But it pleases the Trades-hall to have its elec toral programme trotted out, and when the Trades-hall is pleased Ministers are satis fied. Great were the pains which Mr, Best took to explain why he cannot propose a reduc tion of members in place and in pay. Any one can appreciate the trouble. Footscray might be merged into North Melbourne. Who is to retire from a stage which both i adorn,- Mr. Hancock or Mr, Prendergast V The two-Carltbns might be rolled into one. | Is Mr. • Bromley or Mr. Barrett to vanish into the outer gloom ? The position has been described before; " I loved that cook as a brother, and the cook he worshipped me; but we'd both be blowcd ere we'd either be stowed, in the other chap's hold, d'ye see." The difference that the members of the labour comer do not exactly love each other ia immaterial, and by no means relieves the Minister of his difficulty. "We cannot rednce.the number of members," ex plained Mr. Best; but, brightening up, he adds, "If the'electors would like the rate payers* roll abolished instead, we can do that." The case for woman suffrage, accord ing to Mr. Best, is that some women have clamoured loudly for it. The critics admit the clamour, but ask what there is behind it. Mr. Best's experience, they say, if he inquired into the matter,'would be that of the farmer who sold green frogs to the American hotel when hind legs were in request for French -visitors. " I can bring you ten cartloads from a pond on my ,fanu," said the Iman. " Well, ten dozen frogs will do," rpplied the host. Tflie next day the man returned with two dozen. " I have dragged that ppnd again and again," he aaid, " and I cau't get any more, but if you had been there and heard the noise you alsowoiild havevthought you could get ten torilo&dfc;'f Jf women vote the same way as the fnen," toys the Minister, no harm is done. " tf thejF Vote differently they have a right to change things," The case can he put the pther way, afterthe fashion of the Caliph Omar when ordering the burning of the * ->ks: " if they agree with the Koran they if they disagree with it they are The moderns will not allow this becaneeoF the Alexan we have to abandon our history, we can Sl" Is'thriSon^-acant, U the sceptre «n o® Mr jober\^rperT^ sHled The leader must he cliceiful ana £SL ™ but l.« r.t be out and to fight sternly when the m al cb on the other side gives the ghost of a chance. He must be haml-in-glo\ c with Mr Webb and his friends, who want the public servants cut down to nothing, and. he must keep in with Sir. llmfb. h Mr Frank Madden, and others, nho like good men to be well paid; he must not offend, say, Mr. Siaughton l.y being c eek hv-jowl with the labour members, but he must be able to detach some hanger-on ot the Comer when their votesarewauled. He must be like the Sydney candidate who ad vertised himself as " always affable and ac cessible," and lie must preserve ^ Per sonal dignity. If he can manage all this he is more than a man, and if lve cannot, why, lie falls short of what, the Opposition re quire from a chief. The misfortune m Mr. Harper's ^career waa_ when, through at; health, lie missed the_ehair. Xhe bill to increase the liability of em plovers is all right, no doubt- A majority has said so. But it seems odd at first. If Sarah the cook scalds Polly the house maid when using a cracked cup, the master now pays, because the cup is faulty. Under the bill the master pays whether he has done bis best to help Sarah to be care ful or not. Mr. Higgins was terribly severe upon the Employers' Union for sa> - ing in its circular that the same bill was defeated in the British Parliament. As a matter of fact, the bill was not rejected but was abandoned. Not a word had Mr. Higgins to say of the various petitions which the labour members presented asking for the bill, because men have been killed or injured through faulty appliances. As Mr. Higgins well knows, the law gi\es compensation in these cases to-day, and so Mr. M'Kenzie was able to address the House with feeling upon the subject, that lawyers—usually—can only speak from 1 their brief, can do no more than rightly or wrongly pitch into the other fellow. Mr Higgins will have one triumph, bow ever. All the lawyers arc heartily with him, and all the lay members likewise, m bis proposal for a Royal Commission to inquire into legal procedure, with a view of reducing its cost. Law costs have in creased, are increasing, and ought to be diminished. The lawyers were satisfied so long as the public would pay, but as the public will not pay matters are becoming serious. " The profession," says its well groomed member as lie opens his puree and looks amongst the gold for a shillmg for the waiter, and prepares to light his cigar before stepping outside for a liansom, " the profession is starving." The public lay the blame upon the solicitors for their interrogatories, the solicitors blame counsel for their long speeches and prolonged cross-examinations, counsel accuse judge* of too frequent interruptions. But Mr. Higgins will get that commission. Sir George Verdon was the last surviv ing member but one of the most historic of Victorian Cabinets—the Cabinet which introduced protection. In point of per sonal ability that Government lias never been excelled. Sir James M'Cullocb was resolute and capable. Mr. Higinbotham was concentrated, eloquent, incandescent. Mr. J. G. Francis was honest, rugged, and fearless. Mr. Verdon was the youngest of the group. He was the most persuasive and conciliatory speaker the House ever had, as Mr. George Higinbotham was the most fiery. Mr. Verdon seldom sat down without allaying a storm—if there was one; Mr. Higinbotham seldom arose—at this' period—without arousing the whirl wind. And before they left the scene every one of these leadens repented of the action they took, or rather, to be exact, sorrowed over the results that flowed from it- This is, probablv, one of the most complete in stances of any of a group of men ben-ailing the outcome of their policy. Sir Graham Berry will remember one incident of the contest "to coerce the Council " (which had rejected a tariff tacked to the Appro priation Bill). Ministers stopped the pay ment of Hie public creditor. Mr. Beny ipprovfed, Then, ** to outwit the Council, the Government found a way of resuming payment. Mr. Berry disapproved, and sought to run a little and consistent party of his own. " I never witnessed such enthusiasm as that of the monster meet ing when the stoppage was announced," " "Bat surely," replied Mr. said Mr. Berry. Verdon, " it was equalled by the enthu siasm of the second meeting when the resumption was declared." A crowd, says Edgar Allan Po^, /'Jms. the heart ■ of .a hyena and the braips of a peacock." Mr, Berry was taught a pretty severe lesson, that the man who shouts with the crowd must change with the crowd, and if he had not learned it he would never have been the Speaker or sir Graham. 