WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOONGER. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XI.— (Contlnuefl.) To-flay Hyacinth anil her old playfellow had been, chattering like children or birds In, a volary, and with little more sense in their conversation; but at this talk of the Church's ban, Hyacinth stopped in, her prattle, and was almost serious. "I sometimes think we shall have bad luck in this, house," Bhe said, "or that we shall see the ghosts of tho wicked monks who were turned but to make room for Fareham's great-grandfather." . "They were very wicked; ' I belie.vc, for It Was one' of those quiet little monasteries where the monks could do all mduner of evil things, and raise tho devil, if they liked, without anybody knowing. And when Henry- the Eighth sent his commissioners, they wore taken by surprise; and the altar at which they worshipped Beelzebub was found in a side chapel, and a wax figure of the king stuck with arrows, like Sant Sebastian. The abbot pretended it was Saint Sebastian, hut nobody believed him." "Nobody wanted to believe .him," said Fare- ham. "The king made an example of Chilton Abbey, and gave it to my worthy ancestor, who was' a fourth cousin of Jane Seymour's, and had turned Protestant to please his royal master. Ho wont hack to the Church of Rome on his deathbed, and we Revels have been papists ever since. I wish the Church Joy of us." "The Church has neither profit nor honor from you," said his wife, shaking her fan at him. "You seldom go to mass; you never go to con fession." . "I would rather keep my sins to myself, and atone for them by tho pangs of a wounded con science. That Is too easy a religion which shifts tho burden of guilt on to the shoulders of a stipendiary priest, and walks away from the con fessional absolved by tho payment of a few extra prayerB." "I believe you are either an Infidel or a Puri- tan.". i "A cross botween the two, perhaps— a mongrel in religion, as I am a mongrel In politics." " Angela looked up at him with sad eyes, re proachful, yet full of pity. She remembered his wild talk, seml-deliriouB some of it, all feverish and excited, during his Illness, and how, she had listened with aching, heart to the ravings of one so near death, and so unfit to die. And now that the postllonoo had passed him by, now that he was a strong man. again, with half a lifetime before him, her heart was still heavy for him. She who sat at the play of life as a spectator had discovered that her sister's husband was not happy. The trifles that delighted Hyacinth left Fareham unamused and discontented; arid his wife knew not thai there was anything want ing to his felicity. Sho could go on prattling like a child, could be In a fever about a fan or a bunch of ribbons, could talk for an hour of a new play or the contents, of the French gazette, while he sat gloomy and apart. The sympathy, the companionship that should be In marriage were, wanting hero. Angela saw and aepioreu mis aisiance. suuruu minus l-u muuu so delicate a theme, fearful lest she, the younger, should seem to sermonise the elder; and yet she could not be silent for ever while duty and re ligion urged her to speak. At Chilton Abbey the sisters were rarely alone. Papillon was almost always with them; and De Malfort spent more of his life In attendance upon Lady Fareham than at Oxford, where he was sup posed to be living.. Mrs. Lettsome and her brother wore frequent guests, and coachloads of fine people came over from the court almost every day. In deed, It was only Fareham's character — austere as Clarendon's or Southampton's — which kept the finest of all company at a dlstanco. Lady Castle- maine had called at Chilton In her coach and four early In July, and her visit had not. been returned —a slight which tho proud beauty bitterly resent ed; and from that time she had lost no opportuni ty of depreciating Lady Fareham. Happily, her jest's, not over-refined in quality, had not been re-, peated to Hyacinth's husband. On January afternoon the longed-ror opportunity came. The sisters were sitting alone in front of tho vast mediaeval chimney, whero the abbots of old had burnt their surplus timber, Angela busy with her embroidery frame, working a satin cover let for her niece's bed, Hyacinth yawning over a volume of Cyrus, in whose stately pages she loved to recognise the portraits of her dearest friends, and for which she was a living key. Angela was now familiar with the famous romance, which "she had read with deepest Interest, enlightened by her sister. As an eastern story — a record of battles and sieges evolved from a clever spinster's brain, an account of men and women who had never Jived — tho book might have seemed passing dull; but the story of actual -lives, of living, breathing beauty, and valor that still burnt In warrior breasts, the keen and clover analysis of men and women who were making history, could not fall to interest an intelligent girl, to whom all things in life were new. Angola read of the siege of Dunkirk, whore Fareham had fought; of the tempestuous weather, tho camp In the midst of salt marshes and quick sands, and all tho sufferings and perils of lite in the trenches. He had been In more than one of those battles which mademoiselle's cbnsclentlous pen depleted with such graphic power, the "Ga zette" at her elbow as sho wrote. Tho names of battles, sieges, generals had been on his lips In his delirious ravings. He had talked of the taking of Charenton, the key to Paris, a stronghold do minating Seine and Marne; of Clanlon, the bravo defender of the fortress; Cbatillon, who led the Charge — both killed thert- — Cbatillon, the friend of Conde, who wept bitterest tears for a loss that poisoned victory." Read by these lights, tho "Grand Cyrus" was a book to be pored over, a book !.o dread over In tho grey winter dusk, read ing by the broad blazo of tho logs that flamed and crackled on wrought-lron standards, surmounted with an abbot's mitre. Ju&t; as merrily the blazo had spread Its ruddy light over the room when It was a monkish refectory, and when tho droning of a youthful brother reading aloud to the frater- nity as they ate their supper was the only spurn, except . the clattering of knives and grinding of jaws. Now the room was her ladyship's drawing-room, bright with Gobelin tapestry, dazzling with Vene tian mirrors, gaudy with gold and color, the black oak floor enlivened by many-hued carpets from oiir new colony of Tanglers. Fareham told his wife that her Moorish carpets had cost the country fifty times the price she had paid for them, and were associated with an irrevocable evil in the existence of a childless queen; but that piece of malice, Hyacinth told him, had no foundation but his hatred of the duke, who had always been per fectly civil to him. "Of two profligate brothers, I prefer the bolder sinner," said Fareham. "BIgo.try and debauchery are In the mixture/' "I doubt If his Majesty frets for the wont of . an heir," remarked De Malfort. "He is not a family man." "He Is not a one family man, count," answered Fareham. . Fareham and Do Malfort were both away on this January evening. Papillon was taking a dai.clng lesson from a wizened old Frenchman, who brought himself and his fiddle from Oxford twice a week for tho damsel's instruction. Mrs. Prlscllla, nurse and gouvernante, attended these lessons, at which the Honorable Henrietta. Maria Revel gave herself prodigious airs, aud was. In deed, so rude to the poor old professor that her aunt had . declined to assist at any more per formances. "Has his lordship gone to Oxford?" Angela asked, after a silence broken only by her sister's yawns. "I doubt he Is anywhere rather than in such good company," Hyacinth answered, carelessly. "Ho hates the King, and would like to preach at him, as. John Knox did at his great grandmother. Fareham 'is riding, or roving with his dogs, I dare say. He ha3 a gloomy taste for solitude." "Hyacinth, do you not sec that he Is unhappy?" Angela aBkcd, suddenly; and the pain in her voice startled her sister from tho contemplation of the sublime Maudaue. "Unhappy, child? What reason has he to be unhappy?" "Ah dearest. It Is that I would have you dis cover. 'Tls a wife's business to know what grieves her husband." "Unless it bo Mrs. Lewln's bill — who Is an in exorable harpy. I know of no aot of mine that can afflict him." ,"I did not mean that his gloom was caused by any act of yours, sister; I only urge you to dis cover why ho Is so sad." "Sad? Sullen, you mean. ke has a fine, generous nature. I am sure It Is not Lewln's charges that troublo him. But ho had always a sullen temper— by fits and startB." "But of late ho has been always silent and gloomy." "How the child walches him! Ma tres chere, that silence Is natural. There are but two things Fareham loves — the first, war; the second, sport. If he cannot be storming n town, ho loves to be killing a fox. This fireside life of ourB, our books and music, our little talks of plays and dances, troubles him. You may see how. ho avoids us — except out of doors." "Dear Hyacinth, forgive me," Angela began, falleringly, leaving her embroidery frame and tv tuu vtuvi oiuc ut uue iiuuiiUt wucr« sue dropped on her knees by her ladyship's chair, and was almost swallowed, up In tho ample folds of her brocade train. "Is it not possible that'Lord Fareham is pained to see you so much gayer and more familiar with Monsieur De Malfort than you ever are with him?" "Gayer! more familiar!" cried Hyacinth. "Can you conceive any creature gay and familiar with Fareham? One could as soon be gay with Don Quixote; indeed, there Is much in common between the knight of the rueful countenance aud my hus- baud. Gay and familiar! And pray; mistress; why should I not take life pleasantly with a man who understands mo, and in whoso friendship I have grown up almost as If we were brother and sister? Do you forget that I have known Henri ever slnco I was ten years old— that we played battledore and shuttlecock together in our . dear garden in the Rue de Touraine, next the bowllng- I green, when he was at school with the Jesuit Fathers, and used to spend all his holiday after noons with the marquise? I think I only learnt | to know tho saints' days because they brought J mo my playfellow. And when I Was old enough j to attend the court— and, indeed, I was but a child I when I flrst appeared there— it was Henri who sang my praises,' and brought n cloud of ad mirers about mo. Ah, what a life it was! Love In the city, and war at tho gates; plots, battles, barricades! How happy we all were! except when there camo the news of some great man killed, and walls were hung with black, whero there had been a thousand wax candles arid a crowd of dances. Chatillon, Chabot, Laval — helas, these wero sad losses!" "Dear sister, I can understand your affection for an old friend, but I would not have you place him above your husband; least of. all would I have his lordship suspect that you preferred tho friend to the husband " "Suspect! Fareham! Are you afraid I shall make Fareham jealous, because I sing duets and cudgel these poor brains to make bouts rimes with De Malfort? Ah, child, how little those watchful eyes of yours_ have discovered tho man's charac ter! Fareham Jealous!. Why, at St. Germain he has seen me surrounded by adorers; the subject of more madrigals than would till n big book. At the Louvre he has seen me tho — what Is that Mr. What's-hls-nairie. your friend's old schoolmaster, the republican poet, calls ft — 'the cynosure of neighboring oyes.' Don't' think me vain, ma mle. I ata An old woman now, and I hate my looking-glass 'ijvpr since It has shown mo my flrst wrinkle; but lri those days I had almost as many admirers as Madame Henrietta, or the Frlncoss Palatine, or tho fatr-halred duchess. I was called la belle Anglaise." It was difficult to sound a warning note In ears bo obstinately deaf to nil Berloua things. Papillon camo bounding In aftor her dancing lesson — ex uberant, loquacious. "Tlio Ilttlo beast has taught mo a new step In the corauio. See, mother," and the Bllm, small figure was drawn up to Its fullest, and tho thin little lithe arms were curved with a studied grace, 08 Papillon slid and tripped across the room, her dainty little features' Illumined by .a smirk of in effable conceit. ..... ii "Henrlette, you are an Ill-bred child to call your master so rude a name," remonstrated her mother,' languidly. " 'Tls the name you called him last week when his dirty shoes left marks on the stairs. He changes his shoes In my presence," added Papil lon, disgustedly. "I saw a hole in his stocking. Mchsieur de Malfort Calls him Cut-caper." CHAPTER XII.— LADY FAREHAM'S DAY.- A month later tho "Oxford Gazette" brought Lady Fareham tho weloomast news that she had read for ever so long. The London death-rate had decreased, and I1I3 Majesty had gone to Hampton Court, attended by the Duke and Prince Rupert, Lc'rd'Glaroudon, and his other indispensable ad visers, and a retinue of servants, to be within easy dlstanco of that sturdy soldier, Albemarle, who had remained in London, unafraid of the pesti lence, and who declared that while It was essential for him to bo In frequent communication with his Majesty, it would he perilous to the Interests of the State for him to absent himself from London, for tho Dutch war had gone drivelling on ever since the victory in June, and tbat victory was not to be supposed final. Indeed, according to the General, there was need of speedy action and a considerable Increaso of our naval strength. Windsor had been thought of In tho flrst place as a resldenco for the King; but the law courts had been transferred there, and the judges and their following had overrun the town, while there was a report of an infected house there. So it had been resolved that his Majesty should make a briof residence at Hampton Court, leaving the Queen, tbo duchess, and their belongings at Oxford, whither ho should return as soon as the business of providing for the setting out of the fleet had been arranged between him and the General, who could travel In a day backward? and forwards be tween the cockpit and Wolsey'3 palace. When this news came they were snowed up at Chilton. Sport of all kinds had been stopped, and Fareham, who. in his wife's .glance, lived In his boots all the winter, had to ariluse himself without tho aid of horse and bound; while even walking was made difficult by the snowdrifts that blocked the lanes, and reduced the face of nature to one muffled and monotonous whiteness, while all the edges of the landscapo were outlined vaguely against. the misty greyness of tho sky. ' Hyacinth spent her days half in yawning and sighing, and holt In Idle laughter and childish games with Henrlette and De Malfort. When she was gay she was as much a child as her daugh ter;, when she was fretful and hipped, it, was a' childish discontent. They played battledore and shuttlecock In the picture gallery, and my lady laughed when her volant struck, some reverend judge or venerable bishop a rap on the nose. They sat for hours twanging guitars, Hyacinth taking her music les son from De Malfort, whose exquisite taste and touch mado a guitar seem a different Instrument from that on which his pupil's delicate fingers nipped a wiry melody, more suggestive of finger nails than music. He taught her, and took all possible pains in the teaching, and laughed at her, and told her plainly that she had no talent for muslo. He told her tha. In her hands the finest lute haux Maler ever made, mellowed by throe centuries, would bo but wood and catgut. "It is the prettiest head In the world," he said one day, with a light touch on tho fair ringletted brow, "but there la nothing inside. I wonder If there Is anything here?" and the same light-touch fluttered for an Instant against her brocade bo dice, at the spot- where fancy locates the faculty of loving and suffering. She laughed at his rude speeches, just as she laughed at his flatteries, as if t/here were a safety and armor in that atmosphere of Idle mirth. An gela heard and wondered ; wondering most, per haps, what occupied and interested Lord Fareham In those white winter days, when he lived for tho most part alone In his own rooms, or pacing tho long walks from which the gardeners had cleared the snow. He spent some of his time Indoors deep In a book. Sho knew at much as that. He had al lowed Angela to read some of his favorites, though he would not permit any : of the new comedies, which everybody at court was reading, to enter his house, much to Lady Fareham's annoyance. (To De continuea.) 