PETERSHAM AND DISTRICT MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION. SIXTH ANNUAL CHRISTIAN CON FERENCE. THIRD DAY. The proceedings of the sixth annual conference, held under the auspices of the Petersham and Dis trict Ministerial Association, and the subject for which is "Practical Christianity," were resumed yesterday In the Petersham Town-hall, under the presiuency 01 xne rtev. nr. irorier. rue aneruuuu session was largely attended. Communications were read from the Rev. William Allen, and from the secrotary of the New South Wales branch of the Evangelical Allianae, on behalf of the council and members of the alliance. The Rev. T. E. Clouston, B.A., gave an address on "Practical Christianity — for this God created us." He thought no argument was needed to prove this. The most beautiful thing ou the faoe of the earth was the exhibition of a life ot consist ent Godliness. This, Indeed, was the purpose for which God created us and the end of our being would be best served by following out the plan of our Maker. Tho query, "Is life worth living?" was often heard. They should And out the reason for which they had been created, which was that they should glorify God. Multitudes of men and women lived without Christ; they never bent the knee, or entered a church, or listened to a sermon. How were these to be reached? There was one sermon these could not help listening to, and that sermon was offered by the dally observation of a life of Christian Godliness. The secret of failure in lifo was the Inability to grasp the hand of Christ, and take Him with us Into the workshop and tho business life, as we did on Sundays, or at prayer meetings. Only when we did even the com mon things of life to God's glory would we show true practical Christianity and consistent Godli- ness, ana our lives Decomo iuu or power. The Rev. M. Reavley spoke upon "Practical Christianity — for this Christ redeemed us." He said there was a vital connection between the suf ferings of Christ and the salvation of men. There could be no practical Christianity without the life of Christ. The Interval meeting took tho form of prayer and testimony, under the leadership of the Rev. G. Dunkley. Tho Rev. J. Hill, M.A., spoke on "Practical Christianity — for this the Holy Ghost was given us." He said they wanted to fully develop depth and soul — real Intensity — In their Christianity. Instead of regarding things In a mere surface manifestation they should look at them In the light of eternity. Tho Rev. William Allen, who Is at prseont, and has been for some time, too unwell to perform his duties in connection with the charge of the Peter sham Congregational Church, was present, and re ceived a most enthusiastic welcome. Ho said that, though probably against his physician's wishes, he could not resist the temptation to be present. He sincerely trusted that as a result of the conference, all the Churches of the district would see a glorious wave of spiritual power. The closing address was delivered by tho Rev. Seth Jones, who said that in Christ's groat ser mon, He had given tho doctrine, and In His sacri fice the essence of Christianity. The sum total of Christianity was to do as Christ had done. The conference will be continued to-day, and will take tho form of a missionary meeting. 