We notice with a reasonable concern that the Tnllarook railway accident has been added to tlio rather lonj; list of de partmental "inyHtcrios." The official re port Ls ils usual In such clreuniHtmieoB— "tho exact cause bos not been ascer tained!" The search for the cause wits, we are sorry to say, made in the cus tomary fashion by a. departmental board. The methods oC such Iraurds over imply that nil light und truth are contained within tlio department, nud that there Is neither need of aid from the public nor right on the part of the public— who happen to own the railways' —to know anything. ' As wo remarked when he assumed office, Mr Muthlcsou Is responsible for; tho railways, anil we arc not He is prompt to recognise that responsibility, lie is practical, eveu in the face of a ghost! Mr MaUiteson ls sold to be satisfied thnt the road and the rolling stock concerned in the Tallorook Incident are nil . right; but ordcra have lieeii given for a better regulation of tho spcedl Exactly. Tho Commissioner realises that there must be some cause tor such accidents, lie Htispeets a too high rule of speed at a curve in the road. Now, It Is curious that that Ih precisely what Mr llaynes asserted— ho ventured to more Uian sus pect— to be n primary clement In tho Dhnboola inlslmp! Mr Muthlcsou al ready ImiirrsHcs us ns a man Ukcly to lay departmental ghosts 1 Not only the "thoughtless tblukcr," but a considerable proportion of our would-be teachers in the realm of politi cal and social economy u&smno; tluit tlie desire for wealth Is the strongest Incen tive in the bumati mind. It would bo Idle to argue that It Is not au Incentive. It curiously exemplifies tlio prlucJplc that like produces like, slucu It ls both a cause und result of existing social con ditions. But u llttlo rellection shows that the mure sordid sentiment of acquisi tiveness is not huiunulty's dominat ing force. What that may be will de pend largely on Uio circumstances of tbc hour, Tho current nemi gives some Illustrations worth a note in pnaslug. At Orungo (N.S.W.) tho wife of an In spector of polleo died suddenly, Ilor husbaud, who had hurried U> her side just in tlmo to see tier expire, was so overcome by grief thnt lie fired tliree shots nt himself with a view of com mitting suicide. Under-ShorlfT Morgan, who destroyed himself in the Sydney > Domain on Friday, had no monohiry or domestic worry, had Just been promote 1 anil bad received a large increase of j salory. Yet ho went out and shot him- ; self 1 Insanity you will my; but It ls 1 always tbuL And wbat took that surging crowd to Bruuswlck yesterduyV Money? No. ltotbcr in tho caso of than apart from tho majority, who, wo fool Htm\ were nltrnetcd by mere curiosity, a feeling that money could not buy. (Jrcat, Indeed, is Mammon, but. by no means the greatest. In which fact may tlie philosophical be fortified ngniiiKt cynicism tuid find some hope i and consolation. Ax tlinc rolls ou the fooling of tluink- - fulness that It Ih not a Idljcntl Ministry that rules in Great Britain deepens and widens In Uio miuds of thoughtful ob servers. For what Lord Salisbury 1ms been able to do with Impunity a Liberal Prime Minister could only possibly have done at the by no menus merely remote peril of being denounced as a traitor to his country. Tho Arme nian horror. Is a case lu point Now that the worst of It is over, anil the "butcher's bill" made out It Is beyond nil doubt that actually 80,000 human beings were massacred Ju Armenia 1 And Great BrlUiIn stood by, with the rest of tho world, and let It be done. Thnt It was the duty of the British Go vernment to lr.tcrefere, single-handed und nt all hazards, we are not neces-. sarlly arguing. There Is room for much variety of opinion on that point. But we ciui Just Jmugiuc how the Tory press and the whole race of Jingoes would have behaved hud the refusal to Inter fere been "the policy of tho eouutry" us administered by, say, Mr Gladstone 1 Let systems be what tliey will, an enor mous amount still depends upon par ticular men, und tlie attributes with which these men arc usually invested. The theory Is that Lord Salisbury never roii L 1 imKttllilv filtnw iinvluulv In <1:uirm upon tbe Union Jack, and therefore nothing that be does admits of enter taining such nil Idea, even though the dancing be lu uctual progress.- Then, as to Venezuela. We see no reason tu alter our opinion Unit the in terference of tlie United States was a piece of political impertinence. So, Indeed, Lord Salisbury all but culled It at the outset. Now, the cable tells us that even In respect to a portion of the territory within the Schoinburgk line, ou the frontier of British Outturn, Lord Salisbury is prepared to submit the question at issue with the Venezuela Government to an arbitrament in which the United Stales lakes a hand. -Note the effect. It is to absolutely concede the whole position claimed at the beginning of the year by the Cleveland Govern ment— I.e., the application of tlie Mon roe doctrine autl the obligntiou of Great Britain to accept arbitration. Is It wonderful, in Uich'o circumstances, that we find the lofty London "Spectator" writing of another situation "Crete, may therefore easily become the scene of a massacre like that in Solo in 1822, when elghty-flvc thousand |>eople, the whole |K>pulalJo!i In fact, were butch ered, expelled, or sold publicly as slaves. It remains to be seen whether a bene volent Emperor of Bussla and a highly modern Emperor or Germany win stnud by nnd see this done without shelling Constantinople." Great Britain is not eveu mentioned I Truly, we are becoming a very modest, and- over so accommodating, people 1 . We arc not aware that any larger proportion of failure# marks those miir- rlages which are the direct result of an advertisement by' either party than Is found in connection with tho usual niar- rjnge—Uie outcome of fortuitous circum- Hlances I For we cannot nil have the good fortune of Mr and Mrs Falls Wright,' tho TJicosophle couple who on meeting nt once recognised each other ns fuintihirs.ln their ilower llfo seven centuries ago. Wo have la mind, how ever, the uon-succtjss— so far— of Farmer Patton, and, Worse still, tbe wiles of the fellow whose doings were dttscrlhed in Saturday's "Herald." Much would, we think, be gained hy clear, specific, and rcnsonnbly copious announcements, In stead of the cut- short, printer-cheating notices to which wo are ull accustomed. Here, for instance, Is a choice sample taken froiii a Kentucky, paper:— . To IJie/glrlH between tho ages of 1(1 and i!l. whom it may concern, lie it known : That I, Jtirvis Pluuer, whoso post-office address ls Pigeon Boost, Clay country, Ky„ being of sound mind and capable of contracting and being con tracted with, and being KMseased with nn elegant farm of lfio acres, with an orchard of R00 bearing npple trees, and stocked with the latest improved Poland China lings, nnd Spanish chickens, to gether with all necessary comforts .of life,. but, like' Adam with an Eden, no any young woman of the ages inferred to, who will be au Eve tu me and share the comforLs"nnd joys of uiy home and fortune, all ;thu realty aud personal elTects, ami promise to be to her a kind and loving husband. But it Is under stood thntno girl who Is .named Suslo need appty.' Tho girl In order h> be tie- copied must bu of good family und character, good form, and pretty face. No pug-nosed or cross-cyisl woman need, apply. This Is a rare opportunity. Thcrc is positively no room left for mis- understanding -here; therefore no time will be wasted aud no etfort thrown nway. Moreover, for psychological rea sons wo would give something to learn, no Sualo ueotl apply! 