A TALE OF TBE SEA. Captain Brassey off Hobart. [Two Opl.ins and a Na.wator with two milea of water to ware abip ui, were aocct-SDfal In getting her ? &Bbu;«e.1 It was the schooucr Sunbeam Tnat SMiled uie summer aea, And '? CapUin ' Braswye had on b *ard A fat ship*s company. They drct*ed the s-tilora all in bine, Like VHliant anDf of Mart ; They trod ih* deck in protui hi lay, As suckling Britixti tan*. Two sk'ppti* bold the Sunbeam had, A u navigator'' too ; Kor reckedthey not the «Ud wild wave, Or tbe Btoimy winds tbat blew. A btc r.-i came east *-y nor nor' west, And clondy grow the sky ; Ihe ntt wa* dark, the outlook low, And the wavis come inches bigh 1 til-omened sign— in circling curves 1'Le shrieking sea gulls flew ; Far thiough the hea*miatB frowning Tbat point called Kangaioo. And Brasseye stood upon the deck, Hie trumpet in bis hand ; The gallant tars collected round, Obedient to comma d, Up Fpnke lie tbeu in accents low— '? On (ruaiy sailura all Fear naught nor lut a horrid thing Yoor hearts of oak appal ! ' I've sota heart of oak myself And do not care a (naughty expression) For I wa- cradled on the deep And as bold as brass 1 am I Just then the fearaomesea*raew4 shrieked ! The skipper |«le turned he, As any bloomin' little shrimp When taken fiist from sea. Fall well tbey knew that omen dire, The storm- wr»iit b's funeral ! Vet Mill be bid tbem be nf cheer And oidered grog all rouni. ' What sees t thou, oh, my trusty witch?' Of the look out man asked be. ** I aee Onay's preen ferry boat Far out on the boiling sea 1 ' ' What else, what else 1' he trembling crie l, Though his lus y voice belled strong. 'I see three little Hobart In a punto nine feet long !*' The howling tempest wa*es lashed high, Tbe htpless vessel tossed ; The hrawtl in ihe cum|mny Gave np the ship for lost. The pea was here, the sea was I here, The water all around* And on the wiod wines voices moaned, Ghost-voices of the drowned I ' Oh would vre all were safe ashore,'' Brave Bwsseye faintly cried ; ' A-doins steak and oni *ns feed, And a pot of X beside. ' I fear, alas, of odIoqb brown And petk, no more we'll we. Unless we from thi-- place accursed tiUck off aud get us fiee.' Then spoke be to the bisun bild, ' Oh, man of whiskers wild, Bouse out my pallant t«usty crew, Turu ont each oeean child. -' For while we stand inactive here The storms around us fly.' The bosom hitched his trousers up And winked hisothcr eye. Full loud upon tbe horricaoe His whistle shrill blew he ; 1 Come, tumble up your labbe-sall, Prepate to get to sea.' ' Haul up the mizen, slark the jib, Take two reaves in her keel ! Clew up ibe mainmast ! Lively now Lash ten men to tbe wheel P 'Twas done. The vessel swung about And benrled to the gale ; Tbey slipped the cable from her batra:, Aud quickly set each sail. ' Ware ship tbe bold oomtnandercties, '? Prepare to luff her more ; Tbe rocks are aliniist close Bt hand. I mean to get asboie.' ' A punto signals off our bow !' The look out sexman cries ; 4 Thre.1 ho« a are coming to our help I' The skipper siid. ?* No flics— ? - I'd Scorn assistance to receive Front any Hobart fry I' Tbe bosun swallowed duwn his qoi-L^ Aud murmered soft4' My heye I' Away the Sunbeam drifted then, Full broadside on tbe ehnre ; The commandant bcw.ldued, paused, And a worried look he wore. Ob, many hoors of weary woe Put 'ia tho»»e sailor men, Until tbe flowing tide onmein And floated tbem agaio. Tbey anchored closer to the town, Tbe wild winds to forestall ; So Braueyc left and got his steak And ooions after all 1 