General News. Feast of the Assumption.—Saturday next, being the Feast of the Assumption of our Blessed Lady into Heaven, will be a holiday of obligation. Although the corporal assumption isnotanarticle of faith, theologians regard it as an absolute truth. Melchior Canus says :—"The denial of the Blessed Virgin's corporal assumption into heaven, though by no means con trary to the faith, is still so much opposed to the common agreement of the Church that it would be a mark of insolent temerity." Masses will, of course, be celebrated wherever possible. At the Cathedral the times for Mass are 7 and 10 o'clock ; and at St. Patrick's at 6, 7, and 9 o'clock. The Sale of the Southern Cross.— We are very pleased to announce that Mr. J. A. Kean, who was recently appointed agent for The Southern Cross in the Kadina and Wallaroo district, has commenced his work very successfully. A week after his appointment he for warded to the office the names of twelve new subscribers. The Cross is now for sale at each Mass at St. Patrick's Church, West Terrace. On last Sunday twenty issues were sold. A Slight Correction.—By some in advertence the name of Mr. M. S. W. Kenny was priuted as Mr. Jno. W. Kenny in an issue a few weeks back. The name occurred in a letter from that gentleman disclaiming his identity with our Talia correspondent. The New Story.—Owing to unfore seen circumstances we are unable to pub lish the new story mentioned in our last issue. In the present issue we have begun the first chapter of "Agnes," a very interesting story by Kathleen O'Meara, which will occupy the next few numbers. \ Feast of St. Laurence.—On Sunday next the feast of this great saint, which occurred on Monday last, will be cele brated at St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide. At the 8 o'clock Ma68 the members of the local branch of the Hibernian Society are invited to approach Holy Communion in honor of their patron saint. A solemn High Mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock, when the pane gyric of St. Laurence will be preached by the Rev. Father Clement, C.P. A full orchestra will be in attendance, and the ceremonies are expected to be very im pressive. Ecclesiastical Conference—On Monday last a conference of the ecclesias tical committee was opened in Sydney. The Cardinal Archbishop presided, and the attendance included the Archbishop of Melbourne and several of the suffragan prelates of the province of Sydney. The object of the conference was to discuss the question of the adoption of a series of uniform Catholic School Readers for the colonies. Death of the late Thomas O'Brien. —In our obituary notices we record the death of Mr. Thomas O'Brien, which occurred on August 6. The deceased gentleman was an old and highly respected colonist. His first destination in Aus tralia was Sydney, where he arrived in 1840\. Shortly after arrival he entered a solicitor's office, and was afterwards clerk to the late Mr. P. D. Prankard, who was then in business in Sydney. When the late Bishop Murphy came to Adelaide he induced Mr. O'Brien to come. He arrived with his wife mid two children on Christmas Eve, 1848, and in the following January he obtained a school teacher's licence at X>ry Creek under the Govern ment,, where be . resided until 1872. When the Catholic School Board was first started he resigned his position under the Government, and. opened a Catholic school at the suae place. In 1873 he removed to Maitland, where his sons had taken a farm. He continued there for about ten years, but subsequently re linquished farming, and opened a Catholic school at Maitland, which he kept for four years. He then secured the appoint ment of Librarian at the Maitland Insti tute, which position he held till last year. As his health was giving way, he gave up the position and yielded to the solicita tions of his eon8 to remove to Norwood, where he resided until the time of his death. He leaves a widow, two sons— Mr. Thos. O'Brien, J.P., of Port Price, and Mr. W. J. O'Brien, of Norwood— and four daughters, two of whom are in religious orders, one in Sydney and the other in Ireland, and Mrs. E. F. Honnors, of Brentwood, Mrs. J. J. Moloney, near Blyth, and twenty-four grand children. B.I.P. VISIT TO THE DESTITUTE ASYLUM.—On Thursday evening, August 6, a party of ladies and gentlemen gave a very success ful entertainment to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum, North Terrace. Mr. J. P. Doheny occupied the chair. Mrs. Geach sang " Killarney" and " Peirott" ; Miss M. Ryan gave " Island of Dreams"; Miss A. G. Percy, " Whisper and I Bhall hear"; Mr. T. Linehan, "McDougall's sister"; Mr. W. J. McCarron, "The Overcoat"; Mr. J. P. Doheny, "Three leaves of shamrock"; Mr. E. J. Hogon, "The Holy City." Mr. Sid Percy supplied the comic element, giving several selections, which were heartily applauded. Mr. W. C. Hutchinson thanked those who contributed, and especially Mrs. Geach, who organised the concert. Mr. J. P. Doheny responded. Our Friends on the Western Gold fields.—The Catholic population of Kal goorlie seems to have quite a South Australian complexion, if we are to judge by the names which we constantly see in connection with church affairs at that town. A few weeks ago a meeting of the congregation was held at St. Mary's Church, Kalgoorlie, to form a church committee, and among those elected were the following :—Messrs. Geoghegan. Whe lan, Janeczek, Stringer, Shannon, Dwyer, Mannion, McMahon, O'Dea, Connelly, McCreanor, Monk, Fitzgerald, Quigley, Fitzpatrick, and Gallivan. The chief object of the committee is to erect a suitable residence for the Rev. Father Deasy, who up till quite recently lived in a tent close to the church. Irish Priests in the Colonies.—The vigorous constitutions which some of the old Irish priests in the colonies have (says the Advocate) is exemplified in the longevity of the elder Jesuit Fathers. A clerical friend, who came to Victoria about thirty years ago, writes :—It is strange the old men are getting very old and hors de combat. Father Mulhall in his 77th year, Father Dalton in his 80bh year, Father Frank Murphy in his 81st year, and Father Duffy in his 82nd year, the combined ages of the four priests making 320 years. Father Mulhall, I am glad to say, was lately successfully operated on for a chest disease; Father Dalton was lately confined to his room, but is about again ; but the oldest of the four (Father Duffy) is reported to have preached a sermon quite recently at Maitland. The report says :—" His robust voice, and the apparent freshness with which he closed a sermon of over an hour's duration, was a revelation to many who were wont to associate venerable old age with infirmity." A Good Story.—Father Clement told a good story before the members of the Guild on Monday night. During his missionary labors he said he was often called upon to administer the pledge to "old lads," who unfortunately were rather addicted to breaking away from their promises. On one occasion he was asked by the wife of one of these cha racters to induce her husband to renew the pledge. So the rev. gentleman ac costed him, and after explaining himself, said : " Now, my man, for how long will I give you the pledge this time ?" " Oh, Father," replied the veteran somewhat scornfully, " I ahvays take it for life 1" Anncal Social. — The first annual social of the St. Ignatius Musical Society was held in the Norwood Town Hall on Wednesday evening, August 5, in the presence of a large attendance. The first part of the evening was taken Up by a concert, the opening number of which was the singing of Rossini's " The Car nivole" by the St. Ignatius Musical Society, and was very creditably given. Miss B. Pflaum, who sang in her custom ary finished style, gave an excellent rendering of " Why must we say good bye?"; and Mr. Arthur H. G. Nash's two songs, " The King's Minstrel" and "Kings of the Road," were both Splen didly sung, in spite of the fact that Mr. Nash was suffering from a severe told. Miss Madigan sang in a pleasing manner "The Holy City," as did also Miss K. Donoghue "The Wood-Nymph's Song." A recitation was given by Miss A. Plun kett, and Mr. F. W. Coneybeer, M.P., had to respond to an imperative encore for his singing of " Old England and the New." Mr. William Goodger amused the audience by his comic song, which was redemanded. The accompanists were Miss H. L. Sugg and Mr. W. Sanders. At the termination of the concert dancing was started, and was continued till 2 a.m. During an interval justice was done to refreshments, and altogether the social was a decided success. It is pleasing in deed to note that this society has now completed its first year of existence, during which time they have given several Masses and Glees, and the highest praise is due to its untiring and energetic con ductor, Mr. W. Sanders, for his endeavors to bring the society into prominence. Guild of St. John the Baptist.—On Monday last a special meeting of the members of both sexes was held at St. Patrick's Schoolroom, West Terrace. There was a crowded attendance, a large number being compelled to remain out side. Father Murphy (the spiritual director of the Guild) presided, and there were present the Very Rev. Archpriest Nevin, Fathers Gosgrave, Davis, and Clement, C.P. The opening item in the Srogramme was an overture by Mr. J. [cDermott, after which the following members contributed items :—Misses M., D., and K. Galvin, A. Walsh, A. Hart, and J. Green, and Messrs. T. Lenihan, J. Waller, J. Sheehan, M. Kain, and P. Burns. Father Clement, C.P., then de livered a very eloquent address on "Drunkenness." He pointed out how the drunkard offended the Holy Trinity in three ways :—First, God the Father in His power ; second, God the Son in His wisdom; third, God the Holy Ghost in His love. The drunkard further sinned against his own body and mind, and risked the eternal loss of his soul for the gratification of a mere passion. He made a special appeal to the members to remain true to their pledges and their practice of monthly communions, and urged all present to do their utmost to further the interests of the Guild. In response to this appeal 20 came forward and received the pledge. The meeting waR highly successful, and it is the first occasion that members of both sexes assembled to gether. Catholic Notes from the Norseman Goldfields.—Our correspondent writes : —Owing to the delay caused by the Under Secretary of Crown Lands in granting us blocks for the erection of a Catholic Church, I have had little or no information to send you lately. How ever, I am glad to inform you that we were granted two of the best blocks in the district for the purpose. Tenders were called for, and three local ones were received. The tender of Mr. Rossiter's for £633 was accepted, being the lowest by £50. The church will be constructed of oregon and iron, and will be 72 x 30, and will, no doubt, be a very substantial building when completed. Since my last letter the Catholics here had a meeting for the purpose of forming a branch of the H.A.C.B. Society. Twenty or thirty names were given in, exclusive of about twelve or fourteen members of other branches. The dispensation has been applied for and since been granted. Messrs. Lloyd and Flanagan have been appointed the opening officers, both being Past Presidents of the Albany branch. The date of opening has not been fixed. I will send a few lines when we open. The Foundress op the Sisters op St. Joseph.—Ou Tuesday last Mother Mary of the Cross, foundress of the con gregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph, visited the city and suburban schools con nected with her order. She expressed herself highly pleased with the large numbers of intelligent and nicely-behaved children who greeted her on that occasion. Some time ago she visited and examined the schools under the management of the Sisters in New Zealand, and during the early part of the present year the schools of the Armidule Diocese (N.S.W.). We believe it' is Mother Mary's intention to visit all the schools of this province taught by her Sisters, commencing in a few weeks with those of the Northern areas. Visit of a Missionary to Aostralia. —During last week the Very Rev. John Aelen paid a visit to Sydney. He comes as a representative from St. Joseph's Missionary College, Mill-Hill, London. Although he has passed the greater portion of his life at English missions, he is a Dutchman by birth. His visit is at the request of Cardinal Vaughan, and he intends to visit all the branches con nected with the Marist Fathers. He has already visited Africa, Southern India, and Borneo, and now intends visiting New Zealand and the United States. During his residence in Sydney he was the guest of the Marist Brothers, and paid an official visit to Cardinal Moran. 