TIlE CZAR'S FIRSTBORN.• ELABOItATE ceremonies alwvassurround the birth of a royal child in Russia, per liaips moreconspicuously than elsewhere. The christening, according to the ritual 1 in the Greek Church, must 'take place a as soon as possible after birth. The baby's christening robes are marvels of t" the needleworker's art. The first god- p father, who is always a high and mighty person, gives the child a gold cross,'in laid with jewels, and the godmother provides the little white shirt whiqli is used before the ceremony is completed. Tile occasion requires gits from all pi e sans connected with the Court. These gifts are often the toys: moSt likely, to amuse a tiny infant, although many are suitable for a grown child. Other gifts may be lands or jewels. At the chris tening the child is carried in the arms of its godmother to the church or chapel a A crowd of royalty and nobility; glitter ing in brilliant uniforms and gala toilets, fill the body of the church and stand grouped round the font. The priests wear magnificent robes, with goldcrosses i and sacred banners are borne before them. The two deacons carry a port rait of Christ or the Virgin Mary. The godfathers give the priest nine wax candles, which are lighted and fas tened across the font. The priest in censes the godfathers and godmothers and consecrates the water with many ceremonies. Then a procession is for med round the font by those taking part in the ceremony, each one bearing a lighted wax taper. The name of the child is given in writing to the priest, who puts the paper on an image which he holds on the child's brbnst,_mean-. while saying a prayer. When the t priest asks if the child forsakes the devil 6 and his works, the godparents turn their 8 backs to the font to show their horror and aversion to the question, and an- a swer' yes." They again face the font, o and the priest takes the child, which is is quite naked, and, holding it by the head, f so his thumb and finger stops the ears, II dips it three times in the water, pro- t nouncing the words, " I baptise thee in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The chrism, or baptismal unction, which is called the seal of the gift of the Holy Ghost, immediately follows i baptism. In performing this ceremony the priest.anoints the child with holy. a oil-on the eyes, in order that hie uay f see only good ; on the ears, that these 1 may admit only what is pure; on the mouth, that it may speak as becomes a Christian; on the hand, that it ntay do no wrong; and on the feet, that it may , tread only in the paths of virtue.. Att the end of this ceremony the shirt, which the godmother has provided, is put on the child by the priest, who says, "Thou art as clean and as clear froma original sin as this shirt; thou art. washed in' the name of the Trinity." The cross, which has been given by the godfather, the child is under obligations to wear all its life. If this cross be not found upon the. child at death, the priest says to the godparents the child may not have Christian burial, even though lie be the son of a hundred kings. Apar ticular saint is also assigned to the child, whose imagei' he is charged to cherish with special devotion. Holy oil, or chrism, which is used at royal baptisms, coronations, and conse cration of churches, is prepared with s elaborate ceremony. There is a copper I vase, overlaid with pearl, and called the alabaster, in which is kept the original s oil sent from Constantinople when Chris tianity was introduced into Russia. A few drops are taken to prepare the chrism 1 and replaced with other oil, so the quan tity never decreases. Wine, rose, lav ender, balsams, and spices are mixed with the oil. Forty dlays after the birth of the child, its mother, the Empress, is churched, and the infant is received visibly into Christ's church by the giving of its first sacrament. When the royal gates are opened during mass the deacon appears I with the chalice. The baby is carried ~ to the steps, and the priest coming for Sward puts a drop of wine into its mouth Swith a spoon, saying:-" The servant of God communicates in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." There is no such ceremony as con firmation in the Russian Church, but 0 the child continues to receive the sacra a ment from its baptism, twice a year, at ~ Easter and on its saint's day, until it is 7 years old, when it is brought to the confession on Good Friday. 1 'he social functions attendant upon a s birth in the royal family are very elab orate. They last several days. All the \- riches and maginificence of'the court and ), nobility are displayed. At night the h illilminations transform the capitals. s Lamps are removed from the street posts, L- and in their places shing illuminated stars and circles. All house fronts, roofs, and chimneys are outlined with ligohts. The trees are fill of festoons of Chinese lanterns, and from every limb hing globes of glass in red, yellow, blue, and green, each formed and hung so as to resemble fruit. The houses of the nobility look like fhiry palaces. The gardens are ablaze with light, and every where appear the burning monograms of the Emperor and Empress. On the day the child dons its first shoes the Czarina gives 300 or 400 pairs to be distributed among the poor children of St. Petersburg. These are ordinary shoes, of course, not a bit like the royal baby's, which are of white leather, embroidered with gold. The nurse of a royal Russian child is always gorgeous in her apparel. She wears a rich velvet skirt with two broad bands of gold round it, a blue velvet apron, also trimmed with gold, a bodice of black velvet, fastened with silver buttons, and round her neck a golden chain. This is the dress for ordinary days. For State occasions there are other costumes even more elaborate. Agricultural shows were first held in [olland and were .ipntroduced into. ugzantl ouy .n, 1ag -Wvlltam'om uratge. le made popular in England the idea of a periodical festival, which was made largely agricultural. The idea whs followed up and elaborated by Sir William Temple in England, and Dean Swift in Ireland. At that time they had three-day shows. The first day was for athletics. The young folk were to run, wrestle, and dance for prize~. The second day was for manufactures, and the third day for live stock. " Faint heart never won fair lady," without considerable assistance on her part. At the Surrey Quarter Sessions the General Committee stated that they considered bicycles might be advan tigeonsly enimployed by the police in imany ways. They were therefore making inquiries with a view of pro viding a bicycle at each of the petty sessional centres. In Paris every society woman who is anxious to improve her complexion drinks goats' milk during the months of May and June. Vendors go through the streets with "Nanny" in leading strings, and the women who want it are served on their doorsteps. Society women diet themselves on goats' milk at the end of the season, instead of drugging themselves. This animal food is a source of nourishment, and is held to be one of the best remedies for a muddy and unwholesome looking skin. Mr. J. S. Phillips, of Fulston, South Lincolnshire, writes:-" Seeing your experiments in growing potatoes on the Cable Farm,. and noting your com tmendation of the variety called ' Up to Date,' I resolved to try them. so I pro cured 71b. Goz. (from Mr. Kime, of aMarehamle-Fen), which I cut into 109 sets and planted the second week in May. As a result I took up on the 7th October, 2671b. of splendid potatoes, thirty of which weighed 801b., and only Sib. out of the lot were smaller than good seed." Dry sand will extiugu:sh burning oil, and where lamps are used, a bucketful of sand should always be in readiness, in case of accident. Water is useless, for it has no effect whatever upon the flames. Mlilkisalso agoodextinguisher but is not.so clean as sand. A Publican of Kingswinford in Stafforoshire is the happy possessor ot a pig oB truly gigantic size. From the tip of its tail to the end of its snout it measures just nine feet six inches long ; in height it is almost four feet; its weight is hallf-a-ton. This extraordin ary animal walks about briskly, and firmers from all parts of the country have been to see it. Louisiana and Ohio are noted local ities for petrified trees. In the former State, several years ago, in turning up the ground, an ancient forest was un earthed, and in succession two others below the first. Scientists, judging from the state of the trees, say that at least 50,000 -years clapsed between the growth of the first and the last forest. " Were you able to catch the Speak er's eye 1" asked one woman Congress man of another in the year 2,000 A.D. "Well, rather. I wore my navy-blue bloomers and heliotrope shirt-waist, and he couldn't keep his eyes off me." "Eight days vidout vinding !" he ex claimed. " Vy, dot is a creat glock. But tell me dot-if hlie will run eight day vidout vinding, how long vill he run if you do rind him ?" Some one canme past Deacon Pod berry's the other night about ten o'clock, and was surprised to find that good man carefidlly examining his wood pile. " What are you looking forf" asked tihe passer-by. " Just examin ing this load of wood to see if it was all right," answered the good man. "I bought it fromnt Brother Brown yester day, and to- night in prayer-meeting he called himself so many kinds of a mis erable sinner that I thought maybe it was the quality of this load of wood that was weighing on his mind." The peppermint crop is an important one to farmers in New York State and in portions of Indiana and Michigan. Last year in the northern part of New York State the acreage was 2,300 acres: this year it is expected to be 3,000. Last year 42,000 pounds of oil were produced; this year's product is estimated at 65,000 piounds. In Mic higan and Northern Indiana the acre age approaches 12,000 acres. "' Why don't you work I Don't like it, I suppose." "Like it 1 Why, boss, work with me is a passion, a vice. That is just the trouble. The moment I commence to do a little, I cannot leave it alone, and it grows upon ma like drink, opium, or lawn tennis. That is why I have to make an effort and leave it entirely alone." The new locomotives on the. Paris and Mediterranean Railways are built so that the front of the engine resembles the bow of a ship, and. cuts the air, thus overcoming resistance, securing greater speed, and economising t±oel. 