PRESENTATIONS FROM PORT On i.1 nday evening several of tho clergy of tho Port Augusta Diocese, including the Rev. Fathers W. O'Dowliug, S.J., J. H. Norton, R. Doyle, and P. Clear v, with some of the priests of the Archdiocese, assembled at West teiraco to meet their new Bishop, when ad dresses wero presented to Father Mr.iier from the clergy and tho laity. Father O'Dowling, S. J., who read tho address from the priests, also on their behalf presented to the recipient of tha addresses a handsome gold pectoral cross and chain— emblems of tho Bishop's office. Tho work was splendidly done at lirunkhorst's, Rundle-street. The addresses and replies aro as follow : — To His Lordship the Eijrht Bur. .Tamos Malier, D.5., Uiahop of Port Augusta. Beloved Father in Christ and Lord — Wo the clergy, secular and regular, of tho Dioceso of Port Augusta- affec tior.ari-ly and familiarly nnite on this tho eve of yor.r e pijcopal consecration to offer you our wannest and mn3t cordial congratulations, and to testify our nuuuiil joy and riditeous pride that our 'lioly Father Leo XIJI. litis so siupularly selected you fron our ranks to fill the cxjiltc'd oJ'ioe of smojkI ilLhop of the See. AVhei; the Iliot-t-ss hscauie vacant, and v.o v.crc ilcprivcd of tiie kindlv anJ paternal Kuiil;:nce of the Most Hev. Ur. O'Reily liy his ti-Jinslation to Ihe more iinnortint Archiiufsco* p.il .Sofio: Auclii ide, v.j felt our loss very kCeiiiy. Vi\\\i when wa ruiiieiiibcr that you were truK liit: Fifi.as -ti'/ffi.Vt. and to you were I'nirusted t'.ie duiios of tiio Vior- lSeiicralihip, and ai'torw.inls 10 your jirudi-iit. cu-e was I'oimnittc-d thu .still nioro' re spoiisiiue post of Admiiiistnitcr, wo feol that our lot- is now ji impi.T one, and we assure you th.it your appointment sn'i-s us profoumi s.-it;sf;iction. Kach of us inrvy pl:i iiy f-iv— 'Kines cenideriuit inihi iu [iracL-Iaris : i-rouim h.icredi:as km jrraeclara est mi!'i.'— lVaiins xv. ii. \\\\\\. luvo every rea«-m to believe, .1;; 'vo hfiTic-, iliat your roisn will bo blessed by Uivino I'rovidfiifrt with inost ::b:iud;uil fruits; .ind iiu.«r.HK-!: ; ri-ithe nv.-U p.nd rcspdiisibiiitics r.s iv l- 11 .is the utmost cap.i'iiiitie.; of vhe I)ioce.-eare tlrca'ly '-? wc-!l kiiov.-iiio you, v.v :ir;; quitu confiiler.t irs paat.irr.l juri- diction will bo in wise an. 1 ;vh.j :i:;:ids. A'; h-..: ^Ii pif.uitic work lias been aceoni pliahed in the pass uaderour late beloved Bishop, fet. much r-»mains to lx--]onp for tlie final liquida tion of the diocesan Labilities, tho general ad rancement of religic«n, and the union in closrr and noro orranized bonds of tho Ciitholic body for the securing of our ;ust claims on thcctlutv.tioi: cjucs tion. In caruoiirly Si:.-!d:ig Ui ati.iin t-Iu'st-ifi.'sir.ililo cuds we ])ledr;0 ourselves to eo- operctlo with your Lonlshtj) in as zcalotu and (icvotw! :i ivay.isniir liuit:aa frailty, aided by ]-inne gince, ax'a ctiect. -As; a trihiite of our attest ionate :atac!uiifiiL and priestly esteem, wo bc-jiyou to acwpt the pu;-! oral cross-a:id chain— somo of the ii:.sij^iii:i of your tdlice — which it i.s our privilege to prusj.it to you. Wisli ing ytniiiany ye.us of 'heali-h aud li.ippiiics;, a:;il ]ir;tyin^our good aud »ncn:jml (io'ltu LOcri yemr emsooiial lahours, wo are, year dovott-d leliuv v.-urkci's iu the Lord's vim- yiird, the jiriests oi the Diocese of 1'ort Auj-ustti. April n;i, liGU. [Here follcnv lourtccn sijniaiuros.] In rcplv Father IVIahek said:— Very Kov. and Rev. Fathers— It i.s a .soureMif very apscial plcasiiro to me to receive thiskiud addivss from you. my fellow-labourers in the Diocese, to which you and 1 have Ions been so fondly attaches!. Tin; ties wiiieh united us together heretofore .as brother-priests mid fellow-' dispensers of the mysterie-s of God' wero .surely sacred, firm, and strong. As tho royal rsalmist says:— ''-.,*ui slnitil mc'.'tim dulees capivVuis cibj;: in dnmo Dei am!,iuhivimas cir.11 consersa'' (Ps. liv. 15). But those lies whif-h bind us are still more closely knit now Unit I, so unworthy, am called upon by the graeo ol God ruic! favour of thu Apostolic tfeo to preside over you with v.-hoin 1 fain would have remained on an equality. You must ba quite sr.varu that per sonally I had no wish 'for tho responsible position which has been placed upon hk-. But when appointed by the Vicar of Christ and the- Huccc-ssor of fit. Peter 1 felt myself constrained at once to obey; and henie, no raatter what wore my own* sentiments, :md however intimate was tho lcnowlfd;-; of my own ^worthiness, I accepted tho oinco to which 1 humbly presnine 1. am now called by God. Your .-liiecfcionuto words tiierefure cdii nrm me in this consideration, and' tho eouracrc thereby engendered is a iiapnv oninii that our r.L-iaij«ns us priests ana Jiisiiop, ix\:riin so cor dially, with God's ijJessingr, will cmi'^ my duties, in spito of many frailties and your labours always fuli of Kwrifico, to bo pleasant and fruitful. I am heart and soul with you when you declare that we all keenly deplored tho loss to tho Diocese of our laic beloved Bishop tho Most Rev. Dr. O'lteily, who now wilh such zc-a.1 and scii-snerinco, so characteristic ol' tin; man, Bricc;»,-;.sfnlly rules the affairs of the Archdiocese. Nono, indeed, felt; h;;i translation more deeply than I. To hnn also we must nil be ever grateful that with our Lord's hupim; pv.co ho Imqueathed to u:i a .splendid l^aer, tho vivid memory of his many good works .\nri untiring labours in tho interests of the i)iou;:-e {wnen-lly, and ospoeij'.lly tlio efforts inr.de r.iul the' signal success achieved iu thu liquidation of ita liabilities. In very truth, as von so toiichingly noco, 'tho linos are fr-llc-n unto us in gtwdlV places, and cur inheritance; is :v goodly on'.'' Not that any merit; is .spcJally r.iinp. as duo to my jiaat o'dieisl contiectiojis with tho rve, as you in such knd:ittvy terms infer, bus that the happy issue is tho'result of thn thorough unanimity which existed bytwiK'n the Bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratify ing to me to find you pledging yours-lves to eo-operato v. ith me in tha future government of tho Dioceso, and promising to second in newt and deed every act of mine for the welfare and advancement of religion and tlio salvation of souls. Cf thi3 C required no as?;urariee on your part; on that score- no misgiving occupied my thoughts. Be assured that no efforts will ba -spared on my side, ?a far as Ged gives mo strength, to bring about t!io happy issno which you and I mutually long fer and hopo by our united wisdom and snergy to attain. I am deeply grateful to you For your valued address and for the beautiful presentation with which it is accompanied. fhe cross will constantly servo to remind mo -f our divino Master who died for us, and ,vhoso ministers we aro ; while the chain by its nauy united lints in ono harmonious whole ,vill bo a- fitting emblem of the lasting mid riendly union which I trust will ever continue 0 exist between tho Bishop, priests, and leoplo of the Dioce3e. Henco I. aectsafc th.^m nost thankfully, very rev. and rev. 'fathers, tnd v;ith you I beseech our heavenly Father 0 grant us all to bo ever faithful to our high rocation, indefatigable in the works of our loly ministry, and to walk always so as to be vorthy hereafter to receive tho crown of sternal life. Tho address from tho laity read.3 as ollows : — Right Tier. .Tames Maher, I). I-. By tue grace of ioil anil fivour of ths Apostolic See, Iiishop of 'ort Augusta. My Lord— We. tlio undersiirued, on Khali o; the Catholic laity 01 J'oit Anir.ista, i ?eiituru to approach yoar Lorasliij) on ihii solemn ifciiiou o: your i-nn.-:ocrat:oii as I-i.-hop of Port Lugusta toti:::,ioryou nnrliMrlffilt congratulations, 0 assure you of our atiac-liiiiont to yuiir pei-.-rii!;!iiil : ur tlevotatli'iess to t!is c:m.-x- you rcprc--cnt. On lie feast of Sainis Philip and .Taints— iust ei::lit 1 ?ears a^'o to-ilay— your pitiiwvisor, the iir.it Bishon ; f 1'orl Aii.au-'ta, uo-.v An.-hl'ii-'riop of Ad^Mo, v.a's - onsecnUcd in St. Mary's C.ith'.-ilnil, Svih-.ey. His dYentamoii'^t- us w:m !v;il,?il, R'i v/tll it -.Ji'mM 1-e, tith dtii^hi. Owin^ hi ihe then HC-.'.t- ol lliu Y:oixst-tbo J.'il-o-irs which «-, ru ini,n;;sc--l en liim, lid which Treiv ins.'^arul)'..' from hi, hi^ii an.l hoiv ' frkv, prove.l to bv tnnft ;ir.l;:.i-n; tht; inon-?.-irv ! iiHcu!'.io.-. rtith which he had Io contend l -,ve simply en-jnut.i:?, and tho oi--iadcs v.itli ,'hidi he was confront o! M-esavd almost irmir- ' lounrablc. Vel, with the help 0: the Airaighiy Ood mi the co-oneratioa of p. zeaiims clfir^y nail a cr.erou-i pooplo, all d:fii-.ulties speedily vanished, i 1 aew order of tbinprs soon prerailed, to* the gain of 3 eligionaud tlio satisfaction oi ourselves and our Xorthsrn co-n-liuiniii.-.ts. Jiut wfiy iln we* make mention of ihojoiliiiijjri to yimr i.uruvhip, v.-bu, in yoar capacity of Vi.-ar-Ck'i:t'r:il nf iho I)iui:cs«-, l-iu'-w tht'.a better than v.-n ihi!. aL'd rcniLinbti;; tliom ns v.i'il as -v.- i!o? lJ,'t-r,usc ii, v,as yimr I.nr.lshii), 'with tl::it wisiloni iviiii v.hich yon art; omlmn-d from ouhi,'h, who ];--iitt Uil out thd lK'stS;;'-ni:-.se t-- pttrsiii! to lirim; n bout Midi a d«' Fir.iblsiliaiicB in the stale of Jilhiiis. Uoa-.us.- it, V«\n yi-i; «,'») by Jnii,- noiile e\:imp'e stimu l.'itfd tsctil priests n:i(( pcoplf to ninku iifr;ih;!wit cltort-- t-.i r-ttii::i the -?;;('. iu-Vl up to our vicv- and -o ?isar to yniir heart- :uii! tin; hi-art of your prede cessor. '1'iKse arc lv.it a few of tlie many reasons wliicli can he ;i.-sij;nt;il for reviritins to the pant history of the (Mortise, iind jew though l-h'-y be ihvy ijo far in prove your ilt.iu.Ms for lim Mi'ilinie di^ni:/ to which ytia ;:ie r;ii.':;:d ;;nd th(s v»i.sdoui of !h'c Sovi':u!;:n 1'oniiif in selcctins you for it. A litiit* mole than twrnty-six years a^o you, as a young priest, i-atr.H t-i South' Atiatrnlia. Durinu' *thos-o iiiauy yi:.-ivji yoa have, ininisicred tu iho faithful in m.-inypar-.s of the ]ii-ovincp. Votir ze.il ;iiid crt'at. laSo;u-.-i im- th« /,'lory oi 'jod and the Wclfaic of souls havo U(K!i bles't (1 with abundant fruit. Vour many virtu- ?; li.ive cn.-le.irtd you io all \rith whom yon have ciiinc in co:i';ict,iii:d your abb; alaiiuis tiv.lit/n of tiie l)inn;.-o durinj; the intern'yuuu) lia.t lieon iiliir.«ly rromud by your eku-Uiuii to the. plenitude, of tlw «;n:i-rdot;d oriice. Onu tiling yet remains. J.ife is but it v.-enry pilttri'iiasc. The at. taii:ir.e:it nf th-- end for which we wcrw ercit-td is the one thine a1 hh-ij ».H to Vie dusirt'il aud Hlriven lor. May it theiibD ;he hapjiy lot of your Lortl.dnp and of the Hock riitn!«!i.'(i to your p;i.stonil oiiv uTeiil-r the port;: Is of ctern-il nlory and to hint tlv pr;ii.ses of (Jod for all cu-.M-iiity. nc^ixij; your blua.iiij;. llft.-e folltivv f-i;iiil Hijjnaturps. Father iLvriKi: roplicd :— My Dear Friends — The iiin1! tongnittilations which, on ljt;half of the Catholic laity of l'ovt Aufftista, you offer me on tiiis happy day 1cve.1l an carnuc-t spirit of proodvv'il] tovrwdtt me, and avo a mani iV:st plec^Ljc uf a tnif Catholiu fnith in and devo tion to tho };acajd charge which 1 now bold. Tho beautiful address, through which your expressions of o=u-i.-;n nro itonvoved, i.s 11 weluomo mcsMi/re fr-nn tlio Catiiudml city of tho Djdccso. 1 .-U'ccnt it therefore with iu'u'Ji pic.isnro inasnnich as it I'ucourujjos liio to unrlortalri' the lira vy Ltirtliea of tho opLieopiJ. office with ;i lighter heart. It will .servo to remind ino in tho future— during whatever tiniu (.iod's inorciful care may span; me — of Kimo of tho p'.'jasin-: circinnKtancia connoctud v.'ith this jeyjaa or:CE--:ion, aTid. kt u-s hojx1, nerve mo to praater klt.1 in thu work of ihi holy miniatry. You uiako reference- to iny illustrious jitvi.hv.-i^sor, the voiicrater] Arirb* ltkhop of Adolniilf, and to his piovidentis:! apiioir.tini.-n(; -'iwl cunsuer.V-ion a; ti:e lir^t l.Jishop of th.* Se,;. You call to mind tho froiinraof .i^y uxciti'd by his coining unron-rsi; m ir'gii cigiit years ugo. Yosi accontuntc thc;;a prla^aamo roiii'jiiil'ra;iiv::s by :i brief review of that instruc-fhv chai.iter iu our history which coutaina tho norrdtivo of tho lioroic stru^hj and uuwourkti labours inidertalwu by Ilis (?Ji'ac-2 Dr. O'l.eil/ for tho liquidation of tha debts iluiii burthi;:ii:ii? thu DioK'.-jj, and '..-jp-.'cially tiio.su of thu Cathedral pnrlsh. ri'b'ri liajjpy contrxst nnpiilied by the eouiiarison of ihu cocaine and thi? closing jiap.^.s oi th:ti period ;.s !i matter of mutual salisiawliijii aud j'.:st prjf],.- to r.r: all. To t'n; nn^'iiuli: ili.ki'.-r.f.', ^onerons Knirit, and self-denying exertions oi Di% O'lleilr the initiation and the iinid .suswi-s of the entire movement nw solely due. lint when you, my friends, in your exuberant good naiitre would fain. s;i.-k io emph:i.-;;cc your greetings by giving me praise far above my deserts for any sneecss aehi-jved in t,)::ii :iwr veilous work i must ilUe'uini fain:h iioiicur, loiowing that T wss but a unit in tho fruy. The atiahiniect. of our anxious desires i« to bo attriVmted nndi.-r God's bley/ing chiefly to our late beloved Lishcp, as 1 h.ive already indi cated, and then as you rightly ])tiint out to tLu generous Calliolie spirit and smgn&r; t:i:ai.imit v whieiianiiufttsd both elerRy and peoplo in every ])ari of tlie Diocese. Grid grant t.h:it the fiam'y solid and binding1 ties— unity of jmrpose which our holy faith inspires aud generosity of spirit, which is the f rait of Ghri.Mian hou? anil charity — may finnly knit us together in the future :ts the past. May the many religious works which still claim our ::eal and sympathy find msjionsg p.a prompt, active, and efficacious as charac terized the early efforts made in the Diocese in tho interests of religion. Your felicitations and with a pious and salutary thought. Lifo is, you truly declare, but a weary pihpiuia^e. It is, too, a constant warfare amid the exile. Whatever span God graciously allots us in this; I'.ilo of tears should therefore ho carefully spent in seeking our final end — ' the one thing acpessary.' (Luke x. 42. ) Time flius quickly, md when i).i3t \is gono for over; it luavoB no Lra(X) be'iind. Tn the pursuit of the oniy lolile, the one blessed business of saving- our ?ouls l(?b us not hall nor falter by tlio wav. Day by day let us all, Bishop, priesta, and icople, iight and strivo to know, love, and ?erve our God so as to como to enjoy Him lcreaf ter in a happy eternity. ' The (,'i-aco of )ur Lord Jesus Christ, and tho charity of God, ind the communication of ihe Holy Ghost bo vith you all. Amen.' (J Corinthians, xiii. 1^0 ? 