'Women's Page, ; CHATS ON VABIOUS TOPICS. CORELLI AS WICKED AS ZOLA. OH, I know just such a woman as Lady Si byl,' I heard a pro minent; so ciety lady say the other day when a gentleman remarked that he didn't be lieve there were such women in the world as the vile crea tures described by Marie Corelli. 'Oh, yes, I do,' she said, shaking her pretty head when the other ladies in the com pany frowned, 'and you do, too.' The man said he had never met them, and she replied, with a mysterious smile, that he was fortunate. Lady Sibyl is a gilded sepulchre, a beautiful creature, cold to the world, yet full of the most abominable sensual passions. This lady, as everyone knows, is next to Marie Corelli herself, the heroine of ' the Sorrows of Satan,' a book which I find in every house just now, and which is, to my mind, just as wicked as any of Zola's. I have seen a little of life, but I must say that Miss Corelli's view is contrary to all my experience of human nature, and every man I know with a refined mind who has read her books agrees with me that they are beastly caricatures of life — a view of things through the spectacles of an hysterical female. She falls into just the faults she condemns in others ; for she goes as far as any or them in attempting to analyse sexual passions. The less thought about these passions the better, and I am disgusted to find parents allowing their daughters just from school to read books in which in every sentence is the fanged serpent of impure love. Lady Sibyl was poisoned by bad books, and was it not a French story that undermined the morality of Dorian Grey ? I'm not surprised that the Pope has forbidden his flock to read the ' Sorrows of Satan.' THE MISSUS. Surely it is time the Australian shook off the vulgar dust of the old land, and got into the habit of referring to his partner in life as ' my wife ' instead of 'the missus,' which is a shockingly vulgar cockney phrase. Fully 80 per cent, of the married men in Sydney, even educated men — but with what breeding ? — call their wives ' the missus,' which always sets my teeth on edge. The fear of being referred to as 'the missus' makes many a sensitive girl shrink from marriage. For goodness sake, therefore, call her your wife in future, and when wives are speaking of their lords and masters let them not say 'Mister' Brown or' Mister' Robinson. Except to inferiors always use hia Christian name, or say ' my husband.' These shocking exhibitions of vulgarity you will find in even the best society in Sydney. I like to hear married ladies ad dressed as madame by their friends, for it is more respectful and musical. THE SOUL OF A FLUNKEY. I can't help thinking that Lady Jersey is a bit of a hypocrite in her description of Australian life. True, she doesn't say much about our social life, but she gives people the ideas that she was satisfied with her state in Sydney. If Australia were so attractive why was she in such an awful hurry to leave us ? Those who were in M.E.J's. confidence know that she was thoroughly bored by the Government House crowd, and no wonder our more sensible public men have often told me that they leave Government House functions with disgust. Sir Henry Parkes used to say that Sydney society has 'the soul of a flunkey without the manners,' and the whole thing was repugnant to an educated and critical mind like that of Lady Jersey. Just before the veteran died he told a friend of mine that it was pathetic to see how people grovelled before the Governors who visited us lately. 'We have not an able Governor in Australia at present,' he said, 'they are all poor creatures.' ' What about Lord Brassey ?' he was asked. 'A much over-estimated man,' replied Sir Henry. If Lady Jersey would only speak out or express the opinions she gave in a private chat one day she would do a great service to Australians. THE SNOBS OF SYDNEY. The outings of the ' nicest people,' pro vided by the Hampden Cycling, Riding, and Driving Club, have not been voted a success in social circles. Indeed, I am told the adventures of the members have provided infinite amusement in the clubs. ' The Centennial Park affair,' said one gentleman to me, ' suggested a profitable study in evolution. There were gentlemen and ladies there whose fathers or grand fathers could by no means be called the ' nicest people,' and I am certain if the ghosts of their honest but rough ancestors appeared on the scene all the smelling salts in the world would not have brought them out of the faints that would have surely fol lowed the apparition. Wealth is a won derful power, and if I liked I could make the most ordinary Mary Jane one of the 'nicest ' people in Sydney.' I believe he could. I have in my eye one 'nice' family belonging to the club. Their im mediate ancestor was a plain-looking and illiterate old fellow. But he made money. I wouldn't like to kiss the Book and say that the blood which runs in the veins of his descendants is 'blue.'' Anyhow, I'm glad that the public are not disposed to allow the Centennial Park to be used as a profitable field for the cultivation of snob bety. It is recognised now that a park for the very nicest people is badly wanted ia Sydney ; also a new localised up-to-date edition of one of the books of Thackeray. CLIPPING HIS WING. A young and vivacious newly -married woman warned me yesterday that hua bands never keep promises made before marriage. Her husband promised to be good, to be home to dinner at the appointed hour, to give up the pipe, to shun his club, to take her everywhere, to comply with her every wish, and what not ; but he has forgotten in three months every condition upon which she consented to be his wife. He is a dark- haired man, too, and dark men are supposed to be the ideal husbands. I said there was nothing whatever to be done but to give him his fling, for there is no use in attempting to clip a man's wing, and no lover is sincere in the promises he makes to a girl. I remember an old Society woman telling me once that if a husband shows a disposition to neglect his wife, she should make herself as attractive as possible. Instead of complaining, en deavor to win the admiration of other men. If she succeeds and takes life lightly, 'the husband will soon be at her feet once more. A frivolous husband has no right to expect his wife to be sedate, and there are many men only too willing to give her that attention be denies her. FOR STOUT WOMEN ONLY. I came across some advice the other day to stout women, which I am sure will be appreciated by many of my readers, as women who have little to do, and who don't know how to take care of themselves, generally become unsightly in this country after a certain age. Alas ! how many ladies do we see in the theatres every night who have a ready-to-burst look about them? That is from tight lacing, whioh never makes a stout woman look less stout. The cure is a correct breathing. Stand erect every morning and evening in your bed room with the head and chin well up, and rise upon the toes, at each inspiration holding the breath a moment, then expelling it forcibly and completely, coming clown upon the heels at the same time. Another good breathing exercise is to draw in a good deep breath, retaining it while counting 15. If you have a double chin it will disappear with this exercise. If the neck is short you should hold the head high and practice dropping the head and letting it roll listlessly about. This will make the muscles supple, and give a graceful poise to the head. THE SLAUGHTER OF THE INNOCENTS. We are, of course, beautifully inconsistent. The most tender-hearted will gaze with rap ture at the fashionable milliner's window at the bird of paradise aigrettes or ' creations ' on which maybe has alighted richly blue king fishers, or glossy blackbirds or soft bluebirds. Tender-hearted women will wear spoils gathered at the cost of mothers' lives, regard less of the faot tbat the little ones in the nest are crying with the last breath for food. For the beautifnl aigrettes are taken in the breed ing season — can only be taken then — and the young birds, dependent on tho parents, perish miserably of starvation. We can't plead ignorance, either, but we are slaves to fashion. Anyway, wouldn't it have been just as well if the cruelty to birds question had also been discussed at the meeting at Govern ment House ? THE ROMANCE OF THE HOSPITAL NURSE. I have often thought that if the work were not so hard, and the matrons so exacting, the best position a girl could have is that of hos pital nurse. Socially it is good, much above that of a lady help or a governess ; aud a girl has a consciousness that her life is not alto gether in vain, for the gratitude she gets from patients well nursed is sweet and helpful. Then, what an opportunity she has to get a good husband. I heard the other day of the romance of a young and attractive gentleman who was laid up, suffering from the effects of an accident. One of the nurses took unusual interest in him. After a time she asked if there was nothing she could do for him. no book she could read, no letter she could write. He gracefully accepted the last offer, and the nurse prepared to write from his dictation. He began with a tender address to his ' dearest love,' and she felt slightly embar rassed. But she continued through the most ardent declaration of all-absorbing affection to the end, where he wished to be subscribed an adoring lover for all time. Then she folded the letter and slipped it into the enve lope. 'To whom shall I direct it?' she asked. The young fellow whispered, ' What is your name please?' They have been living happily since from all accounts. There are more applications than can be entertained from ladies for nursing positions in the hospitals in Sydney. M.A. 