CONSECSATINa A BISHOP. P?.- JUHEP., OF PORT AUGUSTA. AN IMPOSING SPECTACLE. Tho translation of Dr. O'Keily to the archiepiscopate of Adelaide left vacant the throne of the See, of Port Augusta. Early this year His Holiness tho Pone appointed tho JR.8V. James ALaner, ot I'oknw, to the vacancy, aud on Sunday, April 20, the new Bishop was consecrated at St. Francis Xavicr's Cathedral. An interesting coincidence is that tho now Bishop was consecrated e^sotly eight vears after his predoeesso? was, on the Feast of St. Philip :md James, invested with the robes of hk high office at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. The consecration of a Bishop must take place either on a Sunday or the feast of an Apostle, because;, it was the duty of a Bishop to follow in the footsteps of the Apostles. It is necessary tha!; at lease three Bishops should bo present to oiler up their prayers for the Blshop-elcct. Consequently three prelates came from the other colonies to assist in the ceremony— tho Bishop of Ballarat, the Rev. Dr. Moore; tho Bishop of Said, tho ilov. LV. Corbett; and tha Bishoy of Sandhurst, tho Eev. Dr. Eevfflo. Tho Cardinal himself, aad other high dignitr.rios, would probably have coma over too had not tiie con secration of Monaeignor Verdon as Bishop of Duncdiu kapt them in tho ejistern colonies. An immense congregation gathered in the Cathedral to witness tho cere mony. An imposing ceremony it -was, as might be expected of such an important event as tho investitures of a Bishop of a Church so rich in ceremonials. At 11 o'clock the visiting prelates and the attendant clergy and acolytes marched iu procession into tho sanctuary,' the gcrgeous colours of the robes of tho high dig nitaritis blending with the black robes of the priests and the purplo gowns of the altar boys to make a brilliant picture with tho altar in the background. The High Altar had been beauti fully decorated with dowers and rich draperies by tho Sisters of Mercy. There were present in the sanctuary Archbishop O'Reily in the throne; the Bishop-elect, Dr. Maher; the BLhop of Ballarat, Rev. Dr. Moore; the Bishop of Sale, 'ilor. Dr. Corbett; tho Bishop cf Sandhurst, Eev. Dr. Rcvillo; Arehpriest Nevin, Archdeacon Russell,' tho Eov. Father Vincent, O.P., Superior of the Passionist Order ; the Kov. A. Reschauer, S.J., Superior of the Jesuit Mission; tho Rev. Fathers J. II. Norton, W. O'Dowling, S.J., T. J. Carroll, S.J., P. Cleary, and R. Doyle,' from the Port Augusta Diocese ; and the Rev. Fathers Williams, Hcaly, Enright, F. O'Neill, Martin, Deiahunty, Laudy, Cosgrove, 'rlcEvoy, Hurley,, and Come;-, and others. Arehpriest Nevin and Father Enright attended on the Archbishop, Archdeacon Russell and Fathers Hurley and Murphy on tho Bishop of Sale, Father Williams on tho Bishop of Ballarati Father F. O'Neill oa the Bishop of Sand hurst, and Father Cosgrovo on tho in tended new prelate. Tho Rev. W. J. McEvoy was tha Director of Ceremonies. The Bishop-elect celebrated mass on tho Altar of the Sacred Heart, with Bishops Mooro and Ivaville as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. On the High Altar Dr. Corbett was tho cele brant, Father Hurley being deacon and Father Murphy sub-deacon. Tho ceremony began immediately with tho vesting of the consecrating Bishop, the Bishop t-lect, and the assistant Bishop3 at the Altar of the Sacred Seart, and for three- hours and a half the sanctuary presented an imposing specraclowhether the gorgeously robed prelates were in repose nr moving about as tho tvre monies demanded. Archbishop O'Rofly having entered a.id taken his scut on' tho throne, the consecrating prelate, Dr. Corbett, sat down before the centre altar. Then tho Senior Assistant Bishop. Dr. Moore, of B.iUarar, rose and addrcasud the consecrating Prelate thus (in Latin, of course):— 'Holy Church demands that this priest present bo raised to the episcopate.' Tlie consecrating prelate demanded tho lengthy Apostolic briefs, which were produced and read by Father Norton, of Petersburg, one of the ssnior priests of tho Pore Augu.-.ia Diocese. Ihe Bishop-elect now genuflected before Bishop Corbett, and read the oath prescrilwd in the ritual. Tiie examination concerning tho faith of the Holy Trinity, which i.s com manded by the- head of the Catholic Church for such occji.~-ons, followed. Tho K.-hop- ilcct was interrogated bv Bishop Corbett, ivho has a ric'.i, powcvfol voice, upnn the titles ind morals befitting tha govorunient of tho ligh otncohe has been called to fniHl. The ?xaminacion pointed our to him how tie must iemean himself when established in his new rule; while, lastly, the examination renders rreprehensible those- who afterwards javo the consecrating imposition of lands, Oae of the questions which tho Bishop-elect had to answer breathes forth the spirit of tho Christian Church. 'Wilt though, for tho sake of the Lord, bo easy of access and pitiful to tho poor, to thy stranger, and to all that are in need?' to v.'hieh was given the answer, ' I will.' Altogether the new Bishop had to answer no less than seventeen questions. The examination concluded. Mass wm begun on tho High Altar and tho Altar of tho Sacred Heart. Dr. Corbett was tho celebrant on the High Altar, and ho was attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy as deacon and sub daacon respectively. Bishop Maher was tho other celebrant, with whom were Bishop Moore (deacon) and Bishop Eevi'de (sub deacon). The Masses wero continued as far as tha epistle, tho choir talcing part in the service for the first time by singing the 'Kyrie' aud tho beautiful 'Gloria in exedsis Deo.' After the cpktlo Dr. Maher was once more conducted by Bishops Z-lcoro and Reville to the presence of the consecrating prelate, who sa:d to him in Latin— 'Is ia tho Bishop's ofiica to judge, to interpret Scripture, to con secrate, to ordain, to oifer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' Immediately, while every one else in the vast building, from the Archbishop to the smallest child, knelt tha Bishop-elect prostrated himself at the left of the consecrating prelato and remained prostrate whilst the Litany of the Saints ?was chanted by Fathers Norton and O'Dowling and tho choir. This prostration was typical of the fulness of solf-sacrificing life' and humility which should inspire the new prelate. The Litany aud prayers con cluded, all faced thu altar, and tho 'Voni Creator' ivm* IMtnnr.i! At- fkr. rmA nf +11;. Litany tho Book of the Gospel was placed on his neck and shoulders, to show that lie was to be tho keeper of the faith entrusted to him. After the iirst verse of the Veni Creator Bishop Corbett anointed the head of the now Bishop with the Holy Chrism, forming tho sign of the cress on Iho crown, and then anointing the remainder of the crown of thu head said— 'Be thy head anointed and con secrated in tho Order of High Priest by heavenly benediction in the name of the Father, Son, and tho Holy Ghost.' Next the hands of tho new pre.hity were anointed and bsund up with white linen by the consecrating Bishop, who finally blessed tho crazier and handed it to Dr. Maher, who subsequently presented to tho Bi:;hop of Sale two ii&'hted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. Each of these portions of the ceremony had ita special significance. The chrism with which he_ was a-iioir.tcii v.w. r. mixture of oil and balsam, tho oil signifying purity of conscience and the balsam the* sweet odour of a good name. Tho eroaiur which was handed to him is the emblem of hi:; pastoral office, while the ling was the emblem of his priestly o!fiee and of the union botwi-i'n thif Bishop and his Church, just as tho book ot the Gospel is the emblem of his teaching ruliee, and tho bread ?inn nit; wiiu »i.-ru lyjjieai ot mo cs.-.eiinais 01 life, while the wax candles wore the mv.stic representation of the sacrifice which* the Bishop made of himself to tho Church. Tha now Bishop and Bishop Corbett at the samo altar continued the Mass, aud directly afterwards at communion thoy partook of the same host and of the same chalice. Tow.inis tho conclusion of tho Mjvss Dr. C:-rbetk blusised tho mitre, whose shape is emblematic of the two Testaments, which will henceforth ba worn by the new P.i.shnp. Dr. Maher with the j crozier in his hand was then conducted I down the main aisle of the Cathedral by Bishops Moore aud Hevilio, and he im parted his blessing to tho congregation. The last go.spt'1 having been ssid, the newly con .veratcd Bishep gave the soleam Pontiiical blessing, and the ceremonial was concluded with tho^singing of tho 'To Deuni.'' Tho sermon was preached by the Piov. A. Dietel, S.J., of Norwood, who, basing his re marks on Acts xiii., rravo an eloquent and powerful address, in which he referred to the spiritual significance of the ceremony. The musical portion of the function was entrusted to tho male choir of the Royal Comic Opera Company, under the baton of tiie well-known bariwne, Mr. Sydney Deane. Mr. Claries Beetham was entrusted with the onerous duties of organist, and notwith standing tha somewhat vaguu capacity of tho instrument ho succeeded in producing such a volumes of melody as tho ancient rced3 have seldom given forth. Thu study chosen was MWKidftnta's Mass, which hitherto, owing to the intricacies and difficulties of thu music, has only been rendered in Australia by tho operatic conipany'sehorus. Thpc'icirconsirttcdof *'l ???^-r- S. Deano, Y.r. Noilson. V. Eshan, W. Ralfour ?I. Briggs, R. Keilly, \V. Kosevear, W. Bo.va mont, Stannons Leslie, and F. Young. The solos were rendered ir every instance with the precision and t;:sti- for which ihe members of the Opera Choir have become famous. Tiie 'Gloria' v.'.as sung by IvTessis. Noiison, Behr.u, and Leslie (tenors) 'and Jiriggs (bass). The 'Et lncarnatiis' was beautifully sung by Messrs. Ncikon and Batfour ( tenors ) and Lssho (b.t-.s). The 'Sanctua' v.as a, eiicral number, thc^solo pars being .?un\' br M^r. Briggs (bass). In the 'Benoriietus' tf»; iino dinp notes of the jirimo-b^sso of thu company, I\Ii-. Leslie, i,aug ont with :i charm that was entranchig to the worshij-.pors. The solo of the 'Agnus Dei'J was rendered by I-ir. Ncilaon, autl in the me7.;:o-voco parts tho excellent quality a::d (aihrc of the tenor wt.re thoroughly appreciated, tho credo in particular being a mr.goiSeunt instance of fugue work-. Tiio mombcr-j of the Opara- Choir propose to give tho public an opportunity of hearing th.?ra in saci-ed uuisirs at a concert to b;; held at i ho Town Hail on Sunday week, when tho full strength of tho chorus will in all probability be assisted by one or two of tho principals of the company. 