31st" |wtoï<£ Iss"y Palmerston : Friday,- August 23. WANDI BATTERY PETITION REFUSED. It goes without saying that the refusal of the Government to erect a battery at Wandi for the relief of the men there has caused unanimous discontent amongst the European community here and at the Goldfields. At Pine Creek and Wandi we may be sure the receipt of the intimation of refusal will be specially galling, but the fiat has gone forth and whatever be the upshot we must grin and bear it. The promptitude displayed by the Minister in responding to the petitioners would have been highly commend- able if it had ended differently, as the petition was only wired down on Thursday last and the reply came back on Monday. Apparently there was no consideration of the subject except by the Treasurer himself, for as to any interest that our members took in the matter there is a perfect blank so far as we know at present. They were apprised of the petition weeks ago, as well as when it was being presented, yet for all that anybody here knows they never gave the memorial a moment's thought. At all events, neither Mr. Solomon nor Mr. Griffiths has had the grace to communicate to the constituents the Minister's grounds for regarding the battery as unnecessary, or to offer the merest excuse for the failure of the memorial. Had this thing taken place at election time, when our representatives usually stir themselves into extraordinary activity, j we would have had day and date for everything-and possibly a battery as well. Mr. Holder presumably- failed to recognise the merits of the request in the way that we wished . He does not seem to appreciate the fact that the batteries at Pine Creek are no more assistance to Wandi- than they would be to Timbuctoo. At Arltunga the miners were presented with a battery because they hadn't stone that would pay to take to the nearest private crusher. A That is really what it means, and the Wandi miners are in precisely the predicament of " their fellow-colonists, at Arltunga. They have no means of their own, and fail- ing the advent of a battery, and that promptly, the majority of them will be starved out of their claims, If the' Treasurer cannot see the wisdom of preventing this, it would be interesting to know what the Government's European policy amounts to any how. Our Pine Creek friends have made no pretence of concealing their feelings, and a telegram - worded as hereunder was sent to the members, for the Territory soon after the Minister's reply was made known in "Great dissatisfaction here at - result of Wandi petition. It is generally ; considered that our members- should have sufficient influence. to secure such, a small but important and necessary con' cession; - The Minister does not seem to appreciate -the.-needs".of A :.-:Wandi owing to the miners there being wholly without means.-',,.,,. ' ' To this, there had been no response up to the time of our closingVfijr press, so that it is doubtful if Messrs, Solomon and Griffiths attach any importance to the question, having possibly, other more weighty matters to attend to, a"-. Vis, for instance, having Wandi such a-.. -i a polling place. That will proclaimed % ^ if the WÄ be precious he is off a free community gets 7s.- s 2 time The between this and else's. .. ~- * "" v T - ,, only source of salvation open to the miners now seems to be to apply in a body for exemption until a battery is on the field and look for occupation elsewhere for the present. Under the circumstances it would be positive cruelty to refuse them such exemption, even though they may not be able to legally demand it. A person by the name of Lumley Hill, well known in Queensland, has lately been inciting the W.A. Govt, to take prompt and decisive measures to prevent Northern Territory cattle entering that colony. In the latest Perth papers to hand there is a very long and wild screech tending to show that the Territory is only waiting for an opportunity to send her cattle ticks across the border into East Kimberley. Posing as an authority, he says the Territory passed the insect over to Queensland, and will similarly inflict W.A. if precautions are not taken to prevent it. Unfortunately for East Kimberley, the ticks are already there they have been there for years past without doing any harm. An official report just published proves this, and declares it to be probably only the dog tick, because of its powerlessness to do cattle any mischief. Curiously enough, it is given out with the greatest simplicity that milch cows and their calves have carried ticks about on them for years past in parts of the district, but these same ticks have never been known to attack other cattle ! If that is not taking the subject into a rather nonsensical stage, what is As well try to find a snake that will bite a woman but not a man. As a matter of fact the only Northern Territory cattle likely to enter Kimberley from here would be taken from a station where the tick is not known. What ticks they have in the district already must have crossed the border with the first mobs of cattle, if they are not an indigenous growth. And if they were not a local production, and did really go over with the herds that went through the Territory, it is extraordinary that they have never yet done the herds any damage. It was a stroke of wonderfully good luck for the travelling cattle to pick up only the harmless variety of tick-if such a thing really exists. But the tick that can discriminate between milkers and all other classes of cattle goes to the front at the start and wins in a walk. In the Upper House on August 5th the Hon.. J. Warren asked Have negotiations been opened with the Indian Government with the object of inducing them to establish horse breeding stations for the remount service, in accordance with section 8 of the recommendations of the Northern Territory Commission and if so, with what result ?" To which the Chief Secretary replied -" No ; pend- ing legislation being approved which is now before Parliament." From the tone of the Hon. Mr. O'Loghlen's reply it is evident that the Government intend to act on the ad vice of the Royal Commission and appcaI*fo_India. We cannot help reiterating that such an act would be one of the silliest things any Government could possibly sanction. All the Government need do is find out what stamp of horse is wanted and how many per annum, and establish a means of direct transport. In fact if the latter point can be settled satisfactorily, the breeder may easily do the rest. There is not the ghost of a sensible reason for import- ing Indian breeders. If there is good money in it-and we believe there scatter the inducements to our own pastoralists, and we feel positive the trade will be established. Enable us to ship direct to the buying centres of India. and horse breeders will put the market to. the test promptly. In New South Wales and, Victoria, from whence thousands of Indian remounts have been drawn within the last 20 years, they manage to breed the right stamp without importing foreign brains to assist them. And so it will be in the Territory. Surely our own pastoralists should have the first claim on anything in the nature of a concession for the purpose stated. It will be time enough to go further afield when they decline the inducement. Only this is a colony in which betting is not regarded as a legal form of speculation we might easily be induced to wager that the Premier's proposed amendment to the Chinese Immigration Act will, not become practical politics unless in a mutilated form The rock upon which the House will split. is the intention to exclude even British subjects of colour from entering the-colony. This to, the majority of thoughtful persons seems to be carrying the point just a trifle too far, even in an ultraberaocratic part of the British kingdom.. From the brief particulars to hand it appears that Mr. Kingston purposes limiting our supply of coloured labour to the native blackfellow. If Parliament agrees to that, it will then be necessary to pass an act to compel the said, native to work "wheedled on to do set for at present he does much as he pleases. It is. not all a question of labour, however, and is, mainly one of principle. The, blocking of Chinese does not keep out all Asiatics, and the consequence, is- ,J(;he_çolouTeti curse goes merrily on under the aegis of other races towards the same end. Our Premier may be inspired with a. desire to settle, the question of colour once and, for all time, but we shall he prepared to see the House hang back when be. seeks to bar the way to all-British subjects' other than a white. -According to latest reports British Columbia promises, to come to the front before very long as one of the biggest gold producing countries in the world. New finds are being made almost daily, and, to quote the "B C Mining Record" a itxOegíns to 2000 3 -4 sub - Province was underlaid with the precious metals." . 