News in Brief. , JulylJ. ? ' ;- - -'-C-V :- ' ?' Newpastlo sttlko collapsed, ^ -ncayyifall'nf'snow at Siechan, j ? Rhodesia rebellion still Bprmidlng. July 111, 187«, Hu'ob; Bridge opened. , ; , 'July 18, 1876, Bulglan Treaty signed. European liurvest prdBpcota favorable Entertainment. at j Wynyard lo-morrow ' July 18, 1880, railway 'accident, ;'Flngal lino. ?.' .: . ' ?? ''','.'„, July U, 1877, Bu«lans crossed the Bal 'llrcsd reduced to Od 41b loaf at Burnloyes 'Vacido Ciblo Conference adjournod . until October. ' Three Itaonianil homes ile«troyo-l by floods 'potatoes by Talorl selling at «4 per ton In Sydney. ? Tlui ''ghost' la Bltll tho reignlngsonsallon nf llobart, , ... WynyBtil defeated llutnlo on Saturday by 5-8'to8— 7. ? -'',-' FrcsK ' announcement re Sharpies Bcpar nlot In this Imui). Thirty-onii mllca pet hour covered by Union. tUo.oycllsti! /. :. .1, ,j j .iv: L . ? Tenders Invited for 00 tons 2ft OIn Are wood. 8eu w»»t. ''JSinr-i DVurIuVWhIIom' baa died suddenly »i H.ilMtl, »B'I 8'J. --. ? Tnsnianlmi 8J pet centa . bam fallen 6/ In tho London market. Victorian butter sent to England anil back hsssioodlhu test well. 'SIlverHes' at Chicago overwhelming gold currency delegates. (larnnnl 0 Nuill, aged 101, Ims died at I'lcuni, New Soutli Wales. Brliishcoal rajnoownors tefus3 to confet with mincis now on strike. Airricultun-.l Rating Hill trail a second Itm-in i liu House of J.'inls Muuut Lyell raclnllurglst reports satlsfae torlly »n smelting oporatlom. Second rending of Federal Enabling 1)111 cairlal In Q'leenstand Assembly. ?? IVccsed Wife's Sister Bill ' at last passed by thu House i-f Lords. Mr Dun Sheriff, a resident if Deloralno for the lait 03 year*, died nn Sunday. It In reu»rU»i that Mr Chamberlain will pie-lilo at 'the Jatne»on raid Inquiry. Auatr.dl.ms wun the match against the Player* by an Inning nuii 1S7 runs. . Fatal blasting accident In l.ily South mine Wt»t Ausirallu. Victim Neil Matters. Tivo Chinamen lined «1O ami £20 fur supplying opium to Qnosnsl.md uallvts. African chiefs opiiuiic the entrance of the Russian Ued Oro-s expedition Inlo Shon. The death of Mr Charks Oooilwln, of Duluniine di-trict, Is announced, ut the age uf 89. Duugan won tho V.R.O O.N. Steeplechase ou Saturday, J'iinoui icco.nl, and Djndi thinl. —Mr Albert Stuttord, Wynynrd, appointed nmniiger of West Devon lluttct Factory, Ulvcistunu Tasmanlan 3{ per emits quoted In London ou Friday 111*112, sbuwiug h fall of 0/ since the 2nd iusi. - ? Chicago Democratic Convention has dc clnri.il, by a cluur majority, In favor of free ►liver currency. ...... ... llrllisli Government said, to bavo obtained Iraiuir ant foothold nc Dclagoa Bay, East U,-asi',.-f Africa. ' At* ree'euv 'American wedding tho '\Wd- dfin Murch ' w»« whistled by twelve girls f-Kn.l« uf.tliu brl.l.t Drake, the Queensland Labor Union organ iser,'. bas/iuci. wnh,.n violent death, being Ihroivii out of a cart, Hi-port current In England that military authorities at Fort Salisbury are disagreeing as to method of defence. , It is s«id to be a fact that '.' Tattersall'ii ' buys about £'2,400 'wiinh uf Titsmanfan post ago stamps per month. Now York Oustum's nflWfala bave detected fxtumdve system of urau/KlluiS diamonds by the use of carrier pigeons. ; Doctor Sp«k, of Hydney, has been ap pointed housd surgeon of thu Hulurt Hos pital nut uf 30 applicants. Young man named Froset sentenced to Kevcu days' iinprlsunment nt Burnie X'ollco Curt yestenlay, fur larceny. \V. H. Savlgny, oue of Launccston'* beat cricketers, hai left fur Sydney to tako up apnulnliueal In.arammar School. The rtharpl.s (Russian) Separator Is said io be thu cleanest skimmer of any cream separator In irw world. See advt. aguish and Co.'* chi ques miy be cashed nt Wyuyurd, Ilurulu ami O.ivonpurt brunehes .if U .uk of AU-trala-Ja. B?o ailvt. Motion before Souili Aunrallin Assembly to reluca number uf m.mib-is by une-tblid, uii.i ihus nave * 10,000 per annum. lluul, the winner of ibu Qmnd Nntlonnl llt'nlU'i wiia a'u ubsolute ' 'kliintr,' both for the »tr.«lghout and double ov.ut o|«rators. Uoltinnl l'lumet and his men hail a desper ate engagement with the .MataUle. l'be rebels, nrmeil with illlet, fought like devils. Uiuli Cbarles Lcfebvrc, Melbuurne, founil not guilty of forcing a deed, but j.iry could nut ugcoti as to eharge uf uttering the same. Mr J. DjvU, Ben., Stuwport, has had thu misfortune to loss a valuable liora-; the animal was found dead jammed in n hole by a log. Mayor of Newcastle says tho strike Is vit luulty over, the proposals of mine owner; iiaring bum accepted by b.iro majority of ooe vuUi. - At Bourke, Now South Wales, where last .summer deaths occurred dally from Bun stroke, lee Bevetal Inches thick now covers the water. - New Zealand Government have tho option of Belting thu Huddart-l'arker Vancouvet Jltnm Mtrvlce to tholr ports fur a £20,000 ycatly subsidy. Both the first ami second horses (n the VK.0. O.N. Uunllo started at 33 to 1 ?gainst In a Held uf 13. What about 'form' after this? 13 starters for O. N. Steeplechase J.O.I, was favorite at 4 to 1 agst, Mikado H. next at 7 to 1. The three placed horses started at 10 to 1 ugst. A terrible winter Is being experienced at 8t. JohnV, Newfoundland. Snow lies on the gruuud from 10ft lu 10ft deep, uad country Mids are completely blocked. J.Webb,Ne« Zealand Permanent Artillery Lyttelton, wun flrst priic, valued af«4,000, :la Tatti-naU's dlsttiDutlon of Sydney pro perties on Friday. ' . , . Qteat Western Co. of Zeeban, reformed at Melbonrno. It now conalsts of 100,000 shares of which 70,000 havo been Issued' Tho com .pany is thus now In a good financial position. Tho Chief Justice has granted a tule com pelling the Beoretary of Mines to nhow cause Why the CentwCBalstrup mine (held by ?V.U.UBiak liquidators) should not bo tor felted. . , ' New South Wales Troasurcr, In his Budget Statement, sbofrs that revenuo Increased «122,UOP. during the pastiilnancial year. Bxpenaituro.mu-«8D0,000 below, estimate. Next year bo anticipates a surplus Of CU2,000. 