* BTr? MUAXla yUJuUUnAUariv WEAI1K)±IUV. "1"" THE MYSTERY OF THE LODESTAR. "Black and White." "*"N S Aflbert Stanton be nt over has desk that winter evepiingb wr $tin£j t o bis employ er in New STork a gust o f wind shook the little shan ty: which served as an office in that wild Monta na mining- district. But the young man, engrossed in Ms correspondence ?was unmindful of the wind or wea ther. The venture in which he was cmgagied was an important one ; per Jbafps, after a few more months in 43iis region, be . could again return to the East, anore prosperous than when he had accepted this position as superin tendent of the Lodestar. Although it was Mustering and u ncomfor taible out side, the land of a sight to deter trav ellers from continuing tlieir journeys, a cheerful glow came from the stove in <fche centre of the Iroom, and 4t cpuld lie seen that a portion of the pipe was red-hot. As the young <man stood up aft Ms desk, occupied in his work, it could be seen that 'Ms figure was tall and well-made, and that a. handsome bead was s^t upon his broad, square shoulders. Has letter was in the nat ure of a report to his chief. 4 My dear Captain,' it) began ; ' we shall rush things now, you may be assured. At the fork of the creek out sawmill and portable engine have been left off, and I have eight men putting- up mill, cutting logs, etc. Have built a log cabin arid borrowed a cook ing outfit, and camp will be complete a«d I hope to knock out a pile of lum ber, rails for tram, and all big trees wHI be cat into blocks, posts, square timber, with a view to future needs. 4 TIi© weight of the ore crushed I have not yet received, ibut the yield is evidently high. We have had some di fficulty with the feeders at the mill, owing to fine damp ore. The drift west, at the 100-foot level, shows six feet of good-looking vein, though its general character seems chaniging some Ohat from thevein ail the'shaft. The decrease in width of vein has been caused by a turning in of .the foot iwall, but the present foot shows signs of covering ore still, "being soft at pla ces, and cut by se&ns; of quartz. The bottom of the shads? now down about 120ft., shows ten feet of good ore, with several streaks of carbonate of lead, with intermixed galena. I have not yet had a chance to assay these streaks of ore, but a<m anxious to de termine whether they are as rich as those of the same appearance in the upper part of the shaft.' Then be reached the most impor tant part of bis communication : * It is with gratification' tfliat I report a clean-up at the mill. Not having any bullion scales here, I cannot give you the -exact weight, imt it is about 751b say L100 troy ounces, or $16,500. This I Will ship to-morrow, as I telegraph ed you, and, baring unfonseen ac cidents, it ^should reach you safely next week. With such a showing there should be a great rise in the stock. If so, will you kindly sell a jftcmsand titerw for me, as I need tfta money. The rest of the stock I desire to keep, having faith in the mine. With ell the compliments of the season. 1 am, yours very sincerely.' This letter finished, the young man took out his meerschaum pipe, filled and lighted it. He lifted two small bags from the desk, patted them affec tionately, aad replaced them, locking the drawer. Suddenly he fancied a shadow crossed the window, and he started. Then he laughed uneasily, and told himself that responsibilities sometimes cause strange freaks of the imagination. 'Pshaw ! Just because 1 have those two bags here which I will .take away myself to-morrow, I am fanciful But it is a lonely spot. Con found a neighborhood where there are no banks or safety deposits.' He felt in his pocket and reassuringly touched a weapon he found there. 'Some times I feel a curse hangs over the .mine. Those rumors about old1 man Goodwin and his sudden taking off! They say crime begets crime. Often I have wondered if the old gen de mands spirit prowls around in t'ie dri't. There was Pat I^annig-in, who sworo he ran into a ghost with a eac dlo in bis hat. What nonsense ! I daresay the affair was all right. The captain, wouldn't stoop to anything off color.' Hi lighted his pipe which had goue out. 'Suppose now, someone in the road wanted to draw a bead on mo through the window. I guess I'll put out the light <and turn in on the sofa there.' Aad he made a et'p to ward the lamp. ***..*« The proprietor of the 'Montana En tepriso* was pounding and hammer ing, locking up the forms of the last pagie there were only two pages to his sheet when Shavings, as he signed tiimseJf to his weekly budget of gossip, society notes, and general comments, atnd who was ever known' as Shav ings an private and public life, wished into the office in a tremor of excite ment. 'Stop the presses,' he yelled. The proprietor, with the calmness that is eminently befitting journalistic dignity, under the pressure of any cir cumstances, however, startling, did not even desist in his work, but gave one of the chases that'conlfined the single column of type and the six columns of 'patent insides' a vigorous rap. 'Have "you got them again. Shav ings ?' he said placidly Regarding his staff who individually represented the advertising solicitors, reporters, society editor and telegraph man, besides being tLe specialist of the paper. But even under iMs unjustified reproof Shavings did not wince, merely reiterating: TSfrop the presses.' 'They are not going, Shavings,' was the gentle response. 'I was waiting for your strong right arm to assist at the lever. You are a born newspaper man Shavings, when at comes to working a hanid press.' 'Unlock the forme,' roared Shavings, overlooking this mild sarcasm. 'Very well.' Giving a few knocks. 'Wha<t now T Take out those two columns of pat ent special cablegrams a month old;' 'What for V 'We'll run originjal matter there,' tri umphantly announced Shavings. 'Nonsense, (Shavings. We can't af ford it.' 'Ail/bert Stanley, superintendent of tfce Lod&t;&r;, -wae touuH murdered ibis morning,' said the staff of the paper impressively. 'Is that so. Shavings ? Well, go ahead then and set it up. But I question the wisdom of these sensational recitals. I have tried hard fat improve the pub lic morals ; it is uphill work. Wflio killed Mm, Shavings ?' 'No on£ knows.' 'How .was he killed ?' 'Some one shot him through the win dow with a rifle.* 'Robbery ?' 'Who -ever it was, did not even go through his desk. That As the strang est part Nothing was stolen.' 'I suppose we must publish it,' sighed tlie editor. 'What a community ! You know I tried to make 'em read ser mons, Shavings, and they wouldn't.' 'Yes, sir, subscriptions fell off a hun dred taie first sermon we published Too true, Shavings I Well, lay on iibe harrowing details. As long as they want it, make at whistle, Shavings.' 'Yes, sir.' Atwl Shavings conscientiously began his task with the enthusiasm of a no vice, bent 'upon making his reputation at a rfngle bound. iHe exhausted the dictionary for adjectives, plunged into the most elopuent ankl ghastly descrip tive bits which the present readers aire spared, and ended with an elopuent appeal that justice be meted out to him who was guilty of the crime. Tihe mystery of the case presented unbound ed opportunity for his unifettered im agination, and has surmises and clues were a wonder to behold. Stick after stick the types were corrected and plac ed in the forme, which was finally lifted <fo the hand-press. Then Shavings roll ed up his shirt sleeves and worked tne 'lever with enthusiasm until the entire large edition was out. It was soon in the hands of the excited populace. 'How we prosper. Shavings !' sighed the proprietor, as the newsagent came back for another a'rmful of the 'En terprise.' It-is ihard to reconcile my conscience to publishing these narra tives, but it pays. Our esteemed con temporary missed it, Shavings.. I raise your salary a dollar a-week on4 the spot. Go anid watch developments. I suppose there will be lynching.' With a sigh. The wickedness that prevails in this region fills my soul with contrl* tion.' Reaching over he took a turn at the consolation bottle, as though to assuage his injured feelings, and then continued : *T11 look after the arduous duties of this office for the next few days, Shavings. You look after the boys, and if there is any sport, be on the ground. If they don't find hian, get him yourself. That is your assign ment. Find Man, Shavings, find him !' Shavings looked mightily disconcert ed. 'I don't exactly take that assign ment,' he said. ' Suppose he should find me ; robbers oif this sort are des perate ; suppose he put a-a hole in ane.' Til fix up the notice, if anything hap. pens to you. 'Striken) down in the prime of life,' and all that, will go in. Good-bye, my iboy, good-bye,' 'Don't say good-bye so fervently, sir,* faltered Shavings. 'It's as if you didn't expect to see me again.' 'One must always be prepared. You 've been lik© a soul to me, Shavings.' 'Yes ; I've done all -the work.' Wiffi: thiis parting! shot Shaftings turned away. But before embarking upon his dangerous mission he had a social duly to perfotm ; lie called on Miss Meggy Goodwins, whose praises had long been sung an the column edit ed toy Shavings. 'But by long odds the belle of the iball was Miss Meggy Goodwin,' or "the "beautiful Miss Meg gy Goodwin gave a sleigh ride party .last night'-such items appeared with a frequency that caused ihis employer to expostulate with him, and then Shavings smuggled them in surrepti tiously. In that immortal column there had even been published- a poem ad dressed to the 'lovely Miss G.' Unfortunately the lady was not at .home and (Shavings was forced to re pair to the scene of the crime without having gazed into those deep blue eyes and respectfully pressed that soft, white hand. A sharp walk for an hour brought # him within) range of the vision of the superintendent's house and the other structures connected with the mine. It was indeed a lonely locality. The snow lay heavily everywhere, a great bank resting against the side oif the one-story building where the tragedy had occurred. There ihad been a con siderable fall of snow during the night, onougih so that there was -absolutely no trace of the footsteps of the mur derer. Oontinjuing the line made from the point where the body had been found to the hole through the window pane, (Shavings stood without and tri ed to picture to himself the scene. Tttie victim pTolbaMy had been walkin/g across the room at the fatal moment ; the light feill full upon him ; the anan outside levelled his gun and performed the deed ,with deadly accuracy. If robbery hadl teen tttie motive-and what other could there have been ? why had the murderer gone away without Ms plunder ; .why had he left two bag® of gold containing a con siderable amount ? Had he been fri ghtened by his deed ? Filled with the horror of the act. had he.become panic stricken. and fled ? If so he would pro bably have run down this little hollow toward the path and-as Shapings moved m the direction his foot encoun tered something hard. Bending over, he thrust his hand inito the snow, and Hiifted up a rifle. 'Ah, here is the weapon the deed was done witih^* said Shavings .to himself. It is an important finjd.' He moved to« ward the house and then paused. 'No. I .mustn't take the gun there. The officers are probably in charge. I'll keep this to myself and follow it up for the 'Enterprise.' ' Suiting the action! to the word he dropped the rifle near ai large stone, where it was again covered with snow, but also wihere ihe could easily find <it. Then he entered the shanty, where, as he had surmised, were two officers iir charge. Any doubts but that his action might have been seen from the shanty wihen. (he picked up the rifle were quickly dispelled, for the men were fieated at a deal board taible near the fire with a -deck of cards and a suspicious-looking ibottle between them They kept right om with their game as the young man entered, one of them .merely nodding and saying : QJello, Shavings !' and supplementing the greeting with 'Have something ?' 1No ; wtfien I get started you know it's all up with me, Jenkins,' was the weak response-of Shavings . Then in hJLs sharp, ^mfeissioilal way^ 'Any thing new ?' * Moire snow.' 'Wfcen's the inquest?' 