Sunday Services. ST. MARY'S IIOMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. CONFIRMATION SERVICE. ADDRESS BY ARCHBISHOP DUNNE. After 11 o'clock mass, which was celebrated at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church by the Rev. -. Flynn, on Sunday morning last, a confirmation service was conducted by his Grace Archbishop Dunne, who was assisted by the Bevs. A. Horan and -. Flynn. Early morning mass, at 7 o'clock, it may be men tioned was celebrated by the Archbishop and 8 o'clock mass by the Rev. A. Horan. The confirmation service, which was of an interesting character, was com menced about 11-30 o'clock. The candidates for confirmation; to the numberof 203, were located in the front part of the main portion of the church, the girls tenanting the seats on one side of the aisle and the boys those on the ether side. The girls, who were all at tired in white, wore red bands round their waists and shoulders, the confirmation medals being suspended from the latter; whilst the boys had their medals attached to a similar coloured band, which was placed across the right shoulder and fastened on the left side. Throughout the ceremony the seared edifiee was crowded, the congregation includingseveral visitors from other Churches. Appropriate music was rendered drsingtheservice bythe choir. When all were comfortablyseted, The AsceasnoP said that, as there werpae many candidates for confiemation and sp mans functions to be gone thsngh,he would be beief in -his remarks. Howeverhe was charged to remind them-what, f oocrse, they had been well instructed in-that the sacrament of con firmation was the confirming of the covenant that they had .entered into with God. is the holy sacrament of baptism. At that time they entered into a sobtract with' God to undertake to serve Him alli the days of their lives, and God promised to hlp them with their work and eternally rewardi them in heaven. God had performed' his part.bf the agreement,. and it was for them to spy; w ther they had kept theirs. God had helpp them ingiving them good parents, good instrstioni,ak ;good teachers, and in many tithbr wags. It as for them to say whether they hadlproperlp valued that assistance. They were thereto renew the sovenant of baptism, to renounce the devil and all his workeand promise to hbeithful soldiers of Jesus Christ, and to. love Hiinwith all,their hearts, soulse,and minds. Godland His angels were witnessing that ceremony, which was called " conirmation" because God confirmed to them Hisepromiseand thy confirmed to Him their vows. Oi the addlte?present he would ask two things : First, that they would offer a prayer for the' bhildas who were beingconfirmed; and, iedondly,thMt.they would go back in spirit to their owauoosarmstion, and ask themselves how theythadhept their vows; To theyobg oandidates'hse i; rament of confirmation nodsisted of ' thaie' g rts : Firstly, the extendBing of the Bllop'&liands; over those to-be confirmedy: that uae :the Bishop, on:the part of AlmightrGodaeeepted their vows, and took delivery t theia sls and iodles. Seoo~dly,'there was?e.' ainting eith chrism in the: sight of,thb"ose. -The: anointment wes made with olrnbmaeeane it' was the oil with whteol kgWmid owa cwned, and they, being anointed 'e. baha, .ha.had henceforth aniaheritince withs-Eo above -they became heirs aof God, s?til bo helra o Jesus Christ. The third part ofDthe sacramant consisted of piser #hich'the Blabioffsed to the Holy Ghost; asaing that the soandidatei be consecrated thaim. The esorsamnt of soniBrmgtMg ,? then admnltsteredo'ecok h ofthe qandidte y Abe Archbisisop, Mhe aeremopy beingidatehed with intense Interest Wy the large bson gatls whjlsoh thronged the ehlrph.', After th?rayer of the Churmh had been repeated,' : ... The Asasemaor said tbat4theybsdm ecet?ed thi gift of Gad's Holy; Spirit. ? ·Gedha&d; one for them what he did .or the Ag athe+i Day of Pentee et,; Heetha flltH hi itr, to dl their seolseandi to gtive-li.thk 6 tle road tothe'endrof heir. jgwa 'yEtahie world, andt giverathem: rsaeshraga sist: temptation :and to.keep, upoanthsbmv .'-Bat they.were aned by the Holy Ghoitthatethey werebut vessels of elay.and a-ereery easmily: shilwrecked He desired to ,earnthe chld dren against a few dangers wbich- tendedotheir rain. It was a pity that a. child ashoald!be ruined in,any, place, but it was ": tenfold. greater pity.that the Australianohildree should go to destrootion, as there werevery few in the world so bright as tbem,:andicertainly none were brighter. He counselled,them to:beloyal to God, and thus be kept from .falling into temptation. They should avoid-Idlenees. Ha frequently spoke about the necessity of school ing. He-did so not on aqposnt altogether of the reading, writing, and grammar to be learnt, but more because the child at school learned to be industrious. He did. not . know that be, had seen more: perfect bappi ness in, the man who: ha. lmade his fortune than in the boy or girl who had durned out a- well-written exeroise. A spirit of industry was the best thing, that children learned at schooL At the timeof his visits to the penal settlement at St. Helena, and to the Boggesroad Gaol, he had seen men there who had had a good education, but he ,had never seen a really industrious-man there-a man who, was fondof honest-work. He, therefore, advised the children to remain at school, and to try and do honestly and well everything that they undertook. It would be a comfort to them in their school days as well as later on. Then, when they Seere going to leave school, for God's sake let them get.something-?todo, and not loaf about. He ounselled the parents to keep their children at school until they had something else for them to go to, and the best thing they could do with their children was to put them on the land. Despite all the objec tions thereto, and the diflculties that would have to be contended with, it was the best thing they could do, About thirty-two years ago he was present at the turning of the sod of the first railway which was to run froe IpswiohtoGrandhobeter. Sincethenmillions of pounds had beenexpended in railway construo tion, and much of the money had circulated amongst the working men. Now, who had been thesuecessfulmen? whohadthemoney? Some had expended their money in drink, and had wasted it, and now had nothing, but the people who had something now were thosewho took up land. Many had done so at Laidley and Gatton, and around Ipswich and on the Dar ing Downs, and they now had something to show for their money. It might be hard to get the boys to settle on the land, but afterwards they would be glad that they did so, as they would become industrious. A co-operative flour-miil near Warwick last year had to send several thousands of pounds to San Francisco for wheat. There should be no necessity for doing that. When they got the land they should not spend everything they had on one particular thing. When at Yeolba recently, he heard of some little girls who went in for bee keeping, and they sent the honey out west, where very little butter or fruit was available, with the result that the three of them (the eldest not seventeen years of age) realised £200 between them. Hedidut telllthemthatso much because of the value of the money as to show the industry of the children. This country was at fine as any on thelace of lhe earth if they would earnestly work upon the lanid. He appealed to parents to train their offspring to be industrious. Another danger which the children required to avoid was bad assneeiations, and by that he meant bad companions, bad books, bad news papers, and bad places. The children of Aus tralia were so bright that the Almighty God and the devil both had their hearts set upon them, and, if God did not get them, then the devil did. He would beseech of parents in the name of God to take care of their children, and keep them away from bad assoeiatione-from bad books and bad papers. He had been sur prised on going into the -homes of some Catholics tonsee indecent papers there. When questioned, the people said that the boys had brought themathere, bhut he did not swallow all that. Another danger to be guarded against was the neglect of God. When a Catholic boy orgirl neglectedmorning and evening prayer and remained away from sacrament, he or she was on the road from'God to the devil. Godhad said, " I am the vine, and ye are the branches." They all knew that if the branches were cuat of from the vine no fruit was produced, and so if they, as branches, cut themselves off from God Almighty they could produce no fruit in this world except for hell. When children neglected their prayers mna mass they got a distaste for God and se quired a taste for what was bad. In .sa Magdales Asylum, in Brisbane (whclh was only one of six similar institutions), there were now not fewer than twentythree girls with bables and they had nohnsbends. Whathadbrougbl such a state of affairs sbout-late bose, dark places, silly .reading, mad listening to follel talk. Maltiply the ember by lxsanditg a 186such girkrueine~ d wio were onoe the pride of their parents' homes., He ararned the girk to e e proof, ageinst sedatisa, and said thpt *punishment of the mednawo eomitted sudh crime would be somethingrawfol, as God "ha '. asid "I will meet those who rain young girls as the bear that is robbed of her whelpe.' " Mothers, mothers, mothers," said the Arch bishop very earnestly, "thenr is nothing to satked on God's 'earth, ereeptingJesus ,COhiet in the tabernaolbthere, asyearllttledsughterse Do tryand preserve themad.keep ,Ahem from harm." In oontousion, he said heam?ht state that in conneetfon with scnu src i s'thdii was apractilues-e bh hid'beelnbroeidedaintos this country m ntoly , fift yenrs ago lby Aris . bishop Poldlng,?ud since than into. England and Ireland, and' for ten years past ,the eat Cardinal Manningdad~haever 'eondtteda a?on firmation eerviee withoutl lt the hames tiis administering- to the, ! cndl ee thepledge' total abstinence. lThersn m waosthng ,r could do for the children .wi~ch thiey.did not deserve. s He waoildgve thlie' ai l the pledge antil they werte dtwealy-V ' of bita nd let them understind that they tou bep it. ' 63 appealed to parenteito send their-hoys to the Christian Brothes"'S?hoool .end' their girls'' to: the :nuans'seemiary? whrei they S would we eurrounded'by'lialy'nflbe-aee. 'Hea thai commanded those erbhsdd beets obaifimed" b stand,up, ani?lkediaP m titem p the follow toag woe atekuim;nobsee 'hat bed oish t' witneessotwhathe'wereve atb teido blad tlhe mnut therietie 4knbpthb' olett" iu thw samea'bfth obat bbFne ftbf th Zo and'of i. th lolyGho it.P Aed '9 w' yoriN .g. handes n~ thevbsnitdne' ktlbihope- - 26 " sod~retohjbeyed, itoe nepeg tad *od the fboiib log "pledge :- "In Wa '-el of 4Im b Golld,9onu 61, oHie : nngels asd nte;' ptdaise bar' SB iatwotty-iUe~&'tc ibes em the iatetesglnu6anf fethi od Elthe'ats'gtls nndbaltcder'a strength to keep Ls. holyo pnsesai 'tp seal: the Bpledge .iBi . ra . .a' " , diveaet Jrhe'habblhlittl,, b. , -mej. gie yen grace two sepA b; . gation dispensed. -' - cone-> At 880 o'clock .p wa.ss-.ooaarselton o the numbers of ths.Arehcofsfmatesnittyo the Eplyý Pamly was coasdeioteiQdvby-he iGecewho: we 6ashkted by the Ber, tHeme. - Btuf ap'lwnr latr the children who hhtsebe eonormodqgce enrolled in the brown eajalar elnar atdys Msent Carme l. 