ARE CIIRISTADELPHIAN VIEWS ERRltONEOUS I AN APPEAL TO THE HOLY SCRIP TURES. (TO THE EDITOR OF THE RECORD.) SIR,-While in Traralgon this week, I was informed that Mr Poynder, at the Episco palian Chapel on Sunday night, made an attack upon the tenets held by Chtistadel phians. In your issue of Friday, your contributor " Autolycus" gives confirmation to the statement. I am very glad that he has done so, as it gives me encouragement to expect that, from your well known fair. ness in having given publicity in your columns to the remarks alluded to, you will allow me space to put the Christadelphian views before your readers. I would here say I have not the slightest complaint to make against the gentleman who made what your correupondent describes as an onslaught ; rather I commend him for his faithfulness to his flock, in warning them against what he no doubt honestly believes to be error. What Mr Poynder essayed to do on Sunday night to his own congregation, he cannot well demur attempting to the public generally, who form a very much larger audience than Rathers within the walls of his Chapel. "Antolycus" was disappointed at not seeing one of the sect whose views were attacked, rising from his seat and confuting th state. ments of the preacher. Had Mr Poynder, or his office- bearers, notified through the press that an address would be given on this subject, very likely some of the sect would have been present. I do not think, hon ever, that anyone would have dis'urbed the meeting by doing what ' Autolycos" was expecting. I prefer less excitement and more publicity. I am one with your writer in abhoring a newspaper religi ons war, but I differ trum him on the question of dlscussing religious doctrines in the press. Within certain limits, such a discussion is of great value, inasmuch that it places before the readers of the paper the eridence ea-h relies on for his religious views. The only item I can gather of 1Mr. Poynder's address which formed his onslaught, was in denying what is termed the Holy Trinity. No doubt there were many other items in our views of scripture teaching, which do not agree with current theology. referred to by the speaker, which I trust will come out in the course of discuassion. With regard to the term "the Holy Trinity" I wonder if Autolycus or Mr. Povnder is aware that it has no place in the holy scriptures. It is plentiful enough in the prayer-book but these only reflect the opinions of itl compilers. The teaching of the inspired Word is diametrically opposed to three Gods or " three persons in one Godhead,equal in power and glory." There is certainly onepas:age in the authorised or King James" Bible, thus-" Fo, there are three that bear record in Heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy (ihost; and these three are one," let John v. 7. In therevised version this passage is omitted, the revisers finding it to be a forgery, not being in the original M.S.S. In a note to the Emphatic Diaglott version, is the following-" This text is not contained in any Greek manuscript which was written earlier than the fifth century. It is not cited by any of the Greek ecclesiastical writers ; nor by any of the earlylatin fathers, even when the subjects upon which they treat would naturally have led them to ap peal to its authority. It is therefore evidently spurious; and was first cited (though not as it now reads) by Virgilius Tapensis, a Latin writer of no credit, in the latter end of the fifth century, but by wshom forged is of no great moment, as its design must be obvious to all." Griesbach omits it in his translation,. Throughout the Bible there runs the one unvarying declaration of the unity of the Deity. Take for instance Dent. vi, 4, 'here Muses recounts to the Israelites the convenant with them in Horeb, "Bear O Israel the Lord our God is one Lord." Thisisrepeated by the Lord Jesus Christ in his reply to the scribe who questioned Jesus "which is the first commandment of all ?" Mark xii, 28, 29. Deity through the prophet Isaiah utters the same truth ; the prophet under Holy Spirit influence shows in chapter xlii, the anointing of Jehovah's chosen servant, showing the work the "Son of the Highest," should accomplish, when in the falness of time the Saviour would be born of Mary. " Behold my servant, whom I uphold ; mine elect, in whom my son' delighteth ; I have put my spirit upon Him, He shall bring forth judg ment to the Gentiles," and as if anticipating the mistaken theology, the Almighty declares in the words of the 8th verse-" I am the Lord, that is my name ; and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images." In the New Testament, we find the same truth emphatically pronounced by the apostle Paul. Take this as a sample: \--"But to as there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we in Him." If trinitarian dogma was the teach. ing of the holy Bible, the above would have read-But to as there is but one God ; tfe Father, Son and ?bly Ghost. Trinitarian. ism, not being the mind of the spirit the apostle continues, "and one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom are all things, and we through Him," 1 cor. viii, 6. Though orthodoxy iterates, and reiterates the asser tion that the Father, Son and Holy Spirit are distinct persons, yet at the same time form but the one God; the inspired apostle in the above passage shows that one person, the Father, is the one supreme and al mighty being, Goo. He also shows another person Jesus Christ, to be the one Lord, and distinct from the one God. He is quite as emphatic in his epistle to the Ephesians, s One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is over all, and through all, and in all.' Let it not be sup posed that Christadelphians in rejecting trinitarin views, are lacking in the most profound reverence for our adorable Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, who by His saci fice-His obedience to the death on the Cross, made immortality attainable to morial beings, to all who-accept the truth, and comply with the requirements of Deity. The Holy Spirit Is the power of God in opera. tion, throughout the vast univenrse, and sus tains the same relation to the Creator, asthe sunlight does to the san. The Spirit is inseparably one with God, filling nsiversal space as the medium of His omniscient per ceptions and omnipotent behests. In the work of creation we read-' And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.' Job says-' By His Spirit the Heavens are garnished,' and in chap. xxxi,. 4, ' The spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life.' In Nehemiah ix. 30, while recounting God's dealings with the house of Israel, we read of one of the many fuactions of the Holy Spirit. ' Yet many years dids't thou bear with them, and testfiedatagainst them by thy Spirit throuh thy prophets.' By this spirit.effuence Jehovah begot Jesus Christ, who was therefore His Son; by the same power anointing and dwelling in Him. Our Lord, therefore, had two sides to His nature, the son of God and the son of man. The man was the son, shos existence dates from the birth of Jeans, the Deity dwelling in Him was the Father, who, without beginning of days is eternally pre existent. -There were not two or three eternal persons before 'the man Christ Jeans,' but only one God, and neither Father nor.Bon, till these terms of relation came to be exemplified in the ' mystery of godliness; God manifested in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unnto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received up int, glory.'--Ist Tim. iii. 16. How con. strantly Jesus affirmed he was subject to the father, the medium through whom God was reaching down to sinful men to sase them from everlasting destruction; every careful reader of God's word knows, ' I am in the Father and the Father in me. The words that I speak unto you, I spetak not of myself, but the Father that dwelleth in me; He doeth the works.' John xiv, 10. 'I can of mmne own self do nothing; I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father who hath sent me.' John v, 30. 'I go nato the Father; for my Father is greater than I.' John xir, 28. * Jesus answered them, and said, my doctrine is not mine, but His that sent me.' John vii, 16. 'Jesus cried wirh a loud voice, saying, my God, my God. why hast thou foreken me.' iark xv, 34. These scriptures tell the relations Jesus sustainls to, Deity. We know how He manifestod the power of God in the wonderfui dispiny of divine gifts. ' For he whom God Iharth rcnt speaketh the words of Go i : For God giveh no: rhe spirit by mt.usro unto him. Tihe Father iove~rh the Son, and hath given all thinos into his hands.' John iii, 34. 35. Pe ,,ple of the orthou. ox s:: ,m ,, have ti ,e m i - taken idea that they honor the Saviour by ascribing to Jesus the attribute of eternal pre.erxistence--equnalry with tls Uncreale. Rather do they r~lb lhe Lord of glort of the merit if havintg suffered the cornraldictiot of einnrs. the s?ony of hnavinrg hirs tenlder and rensitive flesh torn by the cruel spikes with -lrich pitiless man nailed him to the cross. The mind cannot conceive of a distinct third and equal part of Deity being detached, and becoming what current theology terms God inearnate; 'enduring such agony of mind and body as to draw from him the cry, ' My God, my God. why hast Thou forsaken me.' God being absolutely perfect, no deteriora tion of perfection is possible. None of the ills which flesh is heir to, could affect the incorruptible Yahweh Elohim,though clothed in physical form. How incongruous passages of scripture such as the following, appear, with the trinitarian 'teaching that Jesus Christ was very God of very God.-' And immediately the spirit driveth him into the wilderness. "And he was there in the wilder ness forty days, tempted of Satan : and was with the wild beasts; and the angels minis tered unto him.' The apostle James tells as ' God cannot be tempted with evil.' We further learn from the Holy orioles. ' For it becamee him, for whom are all things, and through whom are all things, in bringing many sonsunto glory, to make the author of their salvation perfect through sufferings. Heb. ii, 10. 'Thou art my son, this day have I begotten thee. . . . who in the days of his flesh, having offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him who was able to save him from death, and having been heard for his godly fear, though he was a son, yet learned obedience by the things which he suffered ; and having been made perfect, he became unto all them that obey him the author of eternal salvation: named of God a high priest after the order of Melchizedek.' Heb. v, 5, 7, 8, 9. The very neco.ssity of the case, man being a sinner and doomed to perish, unless provision was made to meet the case ; requi~ed that he who should stand in the bleach as man's represen tative, and suffer the penalty due to the tra:gressor, should himself be a mortal man. The Creator foresaw the fall of our first parents,-and in purpose made provision for it. We have the fact stated that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head. We have the reason given why the Saviour should be such as we are, yet sinless. ' Ve behold him who bhath been made a little lower than the aneel', even Jesus, because of the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honour,' Heb. ii, f. 'Wherefore it behoved him in all things to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be afaithful and merciful high priest in things pertaining to God, to make propitiation for the sins oi the people. For in that he himself being tempted, he is able t, succour them that are tempted,' Heb. ii, 17, 18. ' Since then the children are sharers in flesh and blood, he also himself in like manner partook of the same.' 'For we have not a high priest that cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but one that bath been in all points tempted like as we are yet without sin,' Heb. ii. 14, iv, 15. These passages of seripture sufficiently prove what Christa. delphians contend for and teach, that Christ was bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh; that he was subject to temptation in all points such as we are, yet stnless. That Christ was liable tosin, being mortal, yet not sobjectto it, there is ample testimony. 'For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, Gol, sending His own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh (or flesh of sin. Margin) and as an offering for sin, con. demned sin in the flesh.' For Christ's perfect submission to God's will, His spotless purity, and the surrendering his life in the midst of his days, he was raised from the dead ' and declared to be the Son of God with power,.according to the spirit of holi ness, by the resurrection from the dead.' Rm. i, 4. Let these suffice for the present. It is now for Mr. Poynder to confute my deductions from the scriptures, and present the case for the trinitarian. In the mean time I would strongly urge your readers to look into the subject, to prove all things and hold fast that which is good.' Yours, etc., A. L. GALBRAITH. Tyers, Sept. 28th, 1896. 