Doctor Spencer's Great Crime. I was Bitting in my offioe, half dosing over an interminable artiole on nutrition in tbe last medical review. The tire in the grate was low, tbe night was stormy, and the clock was juat on the stroke of eleven. I was about to turn off the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, 1 slept in the room connected with my office, when there was a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for this was something quite new. MMalebury was a decorous sort of place, and the people usually managed to be taken sick at seasonable hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the paBt five years, and every time I visited her she solemnly informed me that when the decisive moment did oome she desired me present. But as nothing ailed tbe old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from too high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at ber death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome it going. I took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of Btrong, damp sleet wind neany extinguished the light, but, shading it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. "Come in," I Baid, holding open tbe door. She deolined with a gesture of impatience. " You must oome out, and be quick about it,", she said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm. As I did so tbe woman laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her faoe cloBe to mine, said : "Doctor Lockwood, oan you keep • eecret?" " 1 think ao, madam." " Swear it." " Is this seorefc of youra of a professional character ? That is, is it anything ycu wish to confide in me as a medical man?" . ft is." J • " Very well, then, I swear it." " That is li^ht." A man respects ftn oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men'a months are running ovtr with them. " Whither are you tiking me, and for what purpose ?" "To the Clilton House to see the mistress," waB the reply. I started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer, a stranger to everyon« in Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather diBtinguisbed looking person, who had hung out his sign in the village onl; a few doors above mine, but as yet he bad no practice. He was unsociable in the extreme, avoiding bis neighbors persistently, and when he did speak it was in so curt, half savage a way that no one was likely to prolong the conversation. The doctor bad a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her. She was an invalid, and Miss Melrose, a friend of the family, presided over the house, and sat at the head of the table. Miss Melroee was very beautiful, and won the admiration of all who visited Clifton Houne by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. '•As we walk along, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you to know. My mistress is very ill," said my companion. " I bey your pardon—is it Mrs. Spencer or Miss Melrose?" She laughed bitterly. " Miss Melrose 1 I would stab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress ia a lady—noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve her." " And is she ill? How long since?" ''E-er sJnoe Bhe married him—oursehim I" she muttered, in a fiercer tone. " But I must not get excited. I must tell my atory, or rather hers. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon became James Spencer's wife. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strange in that?" " Not necessarily." " Let me enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at one time engaged to Misa Lucille Melrose, but he broke the engagement, and mairied my mistress instead. Miss Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Misa Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you see anything strange in that?" " Perhaps so. Go on." " When my mistress married 3pencer she was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father ia everything. She was a gentle, affectionate ohild, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. But he did not care for that. It paid his debts and bought himfaBt horses ; it set his table with nice and costly dishes, and put it in his power to keep Miss Melrose rp*>ed like a queen. And all this time my mistress bas been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lookwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of —she lowered her voice to a whisper as she spoke the word "poison I" " Impossible 1 This is a grave charge." " Of poison given her by her husband, who. at her death will have the Bole control of her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one circumstance which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never the case that Miss Melrose and Spencer are out the house at the same time, or I should have oalled a physician before ; but to-night they are both oalled away by the death of Misa Melrose's sister, and will not be back until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I oame for you, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray yon save her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a helpless infant; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me ; and now to see ber fading hourly before my eyes ! Great Heaven ! If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen her, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity foiDootor Spencer. Mrs. Spencer received me in her bedchamber. It was on tbe second floor, and was furnished with exquisite elegance. Everything in the room bespoke the refined taste of the occupant. The warm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glancing around I saw the purple blossoms and green leaves|in an alabaster vase on tbe edge of the south window. She waB a woman who, once Been, could never be forgotten. I have met in my life many a beautiful woman, but never one BO lovely. She was tall and straight, with a purely oval face, liquid brown eyes, and a dash of hcctic in her cheek which is not seen in health. She received me gracefully, as I know ehe did every one, and though there was a slight embarrassment in ber manner when 1 spoke of her illness, sbe answered my professional inquiries without hesitation. As for myself, I laid aBide all false delicacy and questioned ber plainly as to her symp toms. Mrs. Hurd, the nurse, remained in the room, and added many important items cf information. When Bhe spoke of her husband it vas with a 6ort of hopeless sadness .which diBtreseed me greatly. Not a brelth of. suspicion against him was in her answers to my questions, and I felt sure, that at present sbs knew nothing of such serious apprehensions. 1 was glad it was so, for, with her finelystrung organisation it might have produced serious results, I made my examination of the patient as closely aa I could, and drew my own oonolnsions. I could have sworn that Mrs. Spencer daily swallowed arsenio in small quantities, and the deadly drug was telling on her constitution. She said, answering my question®, that she had no phyaioian except her husband. He thought himself better acquainted with her oase, and therefore better qualified to treat her. He never left mediaine for ber to take ; he always brought it frofti tns oflioe and administered it promptly;. <, There was little I could do in such a oase. Anxious to do everything, the very ciroumstaccea of the affair left me nearly powerlesB. A charge of such nature, of course, I oould not make against Doctor Spenoer without the proof. If I .hinted a suspicion everyone would Bet it down to my professional prejudice ; and if I oould not substantiate my statement the doctor could make roe pay dearly for such a slander uttered against him. The only dependence seemed to be in Mrs. Hurd. To her I nnboaomed myself freely! I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spenoer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watoh to save the victim, and discover Bome proof by whioh we can faBten tho guilt on her husband. She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for ttie poison 1 suspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all the next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the bell made me tremble—a step on tbe gravel out- Bide my offioe stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what 1 expected to hear. .1 felt sure that I should hear something before 1 Blept, And now I must tell the Btory as it was told to me. Dootor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to tho Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, tbe nurse said ; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss M^rone camc with him t and looked decorously s*aover the death of her sister. " Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdo the thing, as womta of feeling are likely to do. Dootor Spencer oame at onca to his wife's chamber. He thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are alwayB ordering cordials for her," Baid MrB. Hurd, musingly. " Why not take something yourself I You look' like a ghost I" Doctor Spencer ejed her keenly, but replied composedly : " I think I will take some of the cordial myself, for p do not fe6l quite well. Alioe dear, ehall I bring it here wad drink your health?" „ Mrs. Spenoer sqtiled sadly in assent—Bhe neVer disputed her husband—and he went out. Preeently he returned with two glasses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorltss. Mrs. Hurd was watching bim with her heart in ber throat, for Bhe told me that sbe felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in the grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face tbat told her of a deeperate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. " Drink it, dear," he said, "It's a panacea for all evils. I eui also going to take a glass of it," and he pointed to the glass Btill on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mre. Hurd interrupted. " If you will biing her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that tbe cordial leaves a bad tafete.in her mouth, and my old bones URN BO full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The dootor turned and bent on her a look BS thou tfa he meant, to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If be had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass he ltft the room. Then Mra. Hurd changed the position of the When he came back—and he was gone but a moment—the nurse stood exactly where he bad left her, and Mra. Spencer traa lying baok in her chair wilh her eyes cloeed. Again he lifted the glass—this time it was the one intended tor himself—and placed it at the lips of his 4 wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him lii her BBd, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," he said, with affected gaiety. " I indulge in something stronger." As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. "It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see bim do it," said Mrs. Hurd, relating the circumstance to me, " but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. 1 argued like this: ' If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; if it was poison, his blood would be upon his own Binful head.'" He went to bed half an hour afterward, oomplaining of fatigue. In tbe morning they found him dead., I was called to the pest-mortem examination, and we discovered in tbe btomach of tbe deceased a Butlicienl quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill half a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that tbe man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to tbe cause of his death. There was no public exposure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretched affair public, and BO we kept oar own counsel. Misa Melrose, in Epite of my conviotion that she had an active part in the conspiracy against Mn. Spenoer'a life, I could not help pitying. Suoh a miserable, worn and haggard face aa hers I have never seen, and when they buried Dootor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though she recovered in health, she was ntver herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whoee delight was in gathering flowers and deooratiDg the doctor's grave with them. Sbe is living still, and still gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no ope ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, after tbe first shock was over, she crept into my arma and whispered : " But if it had not been for James' crime I Bbould not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." 