KT sfoKY - OTTO WILLI ARD. ' ; EBMIIflSCinVCK. ; 0ttv Williard was om of those men who BOVpr tsllf abOUt themselves. You might have lived mik him for years -without j a "word from hitct ftXlOttV IjIS people or Lis own coSCerEBi yeJ; Jjg -jygg not an uncommunicative E0Jr g spnnt fDfln r tout. There was fio one in the dis trict who told a Setter tale, Or made a Letter j companion than Otto Wiiiiard. Wtllifl.rd was a popular man; p©rbftpa from this very fact — he was gush a capital listener. Mis keen <fje3 9ft en esouBed his silence, aud k9 Bsver showed any inclination to cap another man's story with the familiar, ' Ah, that reminds me/ so often the preiu. d© to J flOflifi iale drael in just to giy a. iired listener a chanc© 0 33J9 DWU voice. WWiwa TyoalQ smolre anfl listen and mtali yra till you tired yourself oat witft your own I talk. He WOS 4 student of oLaracter. Ho would tell good tales of his 9WB, tOO, sometimes. He had too t ft greftt de»l, 8Ild Lad gone through some delicate matters of business and ticklish interviews with the hill people, and soma of the native princes ; and h8 told his experiences -well and quaintly. His deep, hearty laugh had ft pgDUliarlj honest ring in it, TOOTS TTftS DO mistaking o«v WiiliortTB laugh. A little paragraph I chatieed upon in the "TiffiSfi' to- nigllt seetnod to awakea an echo 1 flf It. &&& to hrvog Lach a vision of th© ) as I Baw LLn first, years ag© jjpWj Standing outside his tSBt ft) tilO GYOQUlg light, With 8. pips in hiB month, and soma ragout in his hand, up in tha hill district beyond Bur- raphur. I ea.mo access 4iien. xxi ixi3 ©ifi.- dial capacity. He was collector for the district, an 3 ho came up to the Godforsaken station I bad got tho charge of, and brought with him a Whiff Of Civilisation and recalled one £o j decent ways of life. I had not had a soul to speak to for "weehe tilt Williard turned up, and X heheTe it WS8 Lis rare talent a« a listener drew me to him, and made UB friends. He smoked and watched me, and let me talk, till I had talked myself out. Than ha said he would use L-ia iniluen.ee tO gffife U1Q itaufiferred l<s a kerik in !Bxar- wliex'o I could do th© talking OIVFC gradually,. He kept that promise, Bat it was up in the tittle, lonely hill station, aud mostly ow ing to my long enforced silence that i first acquired my deep respect for iL> -ll-round t8lents of the num. OnCe having made his acquaintance, it would Lave Leeu no easy matter to fOTgCt the : tali soieicriy figure, standing a good inch j QT«r eio feet, and the handsome, stern face J that twenty years of Indian life and work I eonld not have altered much. ; Aye,- twenty years, ILougL one could scftr- | eely credit it, judging from to© breftfi, SEOOOth ; forehead, and to© QlSEWi SteSflfaSt hlUO CyCS, J | and tho tmthinnsd ahandance of his dark i ; hair, Yet at the time when I first met Lim I Otto Wiiiisrd already had made acquaintance ! IVlth his fOftieih year. It was not long after to left me toftt ill" lelllgence came that Witiiarit had U88d his . influence aUa gqt me info » much picasanter ; post iu Barrapnr, And, somehow, I don't ; »t all fenow why, for we had nothing much ; in fellowship— he was bfilliaut. I was com- SiOD "pISCS WaQ & faouriko, courted in SOCififey. while people often foxilxt shj ox too muck of ae, yet Williard and X from tl39 time of transfer grexv to l?o T6ry CSOClleflt i friends I remember one night at lady Main- wsring's. Sir John was secretary thea, and old Lady Mainwaring seemed to think it a pSlt Of her duty as a leader of Society to fit together every available couple in the place into a love match. ' I can never imagine Iwrw it jg you h&Y8; not met your deBBerts before now, and been married by someone/ the old lady said, half relenting in her asperity as she leaked at Wlihard, for she admired liim immensely, and one could net help knowmg it. 'Why try to imagine it, then, lftdj Mftill" waring ?' Le asked in hU qUiSv WftJ, SOBing that I'm B Tridower.' ' A 'widower? Lady Main waring gave a llttlC nerVOUS laugh, and looked again at him . f Why, Ml'. Williard, really ' But Williard's eyes forbade ber quSBtJOn- ing, and after an embftTr&esed; lUOHieilS She turned avray, "wUh a face that was a study, to epssh to some other guest. I made it my business to listen to nothing, ' and to flatly contradict everything that gCSSip was saying, though, as a matter of fact, I knew not whether it was right Of wrong. Then, one night, somewhere bbOUt that time, when Otto had dropped in to see me, when he was settled in my biggest wither ehair, his legs crossed, and his pipe bubbling as he drew deep at it ; and after a long silence had hung between ns, anil we koih. S£eme<l waiiinfor eometking betoro "W© spoke again, I turned and ashed him dirSOt, and straight out, whftt W»3 the meUUWg Of the gossip that was floating about f Was it true what be had said to Lady Main waring, that he was a widower? n, ( Quite tl'ue. I've been a widower almost twenty years/ Williard smoked on, making his pipe bubble, till I grew fitlgStJ Ut thC fvtii round 9ii it. Then enddenly he knocked the ashes out from it, and turned upon his elbow round to me. f Twenty years. It's a life -time, Jonesj Isn't UP Agaiu he paused, and X did U9t help him on. ' I suppose there are erenta in every man's past life which are become so com pletely dissociated with his present self that they Ulight as well hava happened in a bl'evions existence for all the influence they nave on the things he has passed on to. Hot so much things detrimental to ft IRftH Til'-' V go on iriib him alyraySj Bad Hog him. Lai easy, pleasant, comfortable, eelfiah things, that meant an enormous amount to him at one time, and that burn down and go oat of his life, presently, like a used- up candle. It is better for a man that his past ahontd dog him, I helieve. It's well for us if our wounds have sears/ He waited a mpment, and looted at me. ' X wbb ft youngster when I cams out,' he said. I thought I know a deal about the world. It's a pity young fellows can never be corrected of that vice. ' They sent me up hy myself in all my raw Aiapelessness to some wretched etfttivi CfttbCF iilsv thv plftvs X found you at— deadly 0in» folly dull. All the society there was an old Indigo plantar, James Drnmmosd, a teen old fellow, who Mew his way about tolerably accurately, and a Wife and two ruffianly young sons. There was a daughter as well — Lottie. She was the eldest) ft pftlV) pftTbetW girl, seven 9f right yeara my ssdiopi X married her. I was not quite tweatyono.' He had lighted his pine, and was drawing at it and making it bubble again. 'Outs yf&S; not an eventful married life. I7e stayed at the same station all the time. 3?oor Lottie, she was always ill, and ftlwftys fftrient. X was 39U X believe X might hays gen if we could haTo been left to onrselves. But her people were everlastingly about us, arranging our Bffairs. Old Drammond died, and the bods quarrelled oyer the indigo, aud iiifCdcd US cvith their quarrels. I think between them they killed her — or I did. When I was sin-ani-tweniy she left me a widower with three little whito facgd h9J«j ell &3 Imsgss cf tbrir poor pals mother, who minded leayisg thsm, poor girl, a deal more than fibs did me. Mra. Brnmmond mid the tMldmi would have to go to England, and I was co heaslily sick of everything, and of Lei voice, above all, I let her have her way. 1 Treat d«rra 8jS& saw tfcssa «S to 9al«rtfcB< TS oldest little chap, I rememher, was so mightily pleased to he going away iu a big ship,: and in snch a dssperate hurry TO get me off the deck, ae they tolfi bjm tbOJ COUld not start till I wbb gone, be made au impression on mo, Williard screwed his eyes np and meditated : That's my one recollection Of the Child, and they were all as alike as peas. ' I have not seen any of them sinco that dav. I ve never been back to hiuglftUtt BJUOVi They've don® »9t bftAlji SOfflO Of l/bOHl Will b« vat here, I daro say, before I know. 1 atoll haw to try then to nick up that thread Of my lite I put down nearly twenty years flgfl. Life's a strange business, Jones. There are things in it a man does best not to talk abont/ He go's from his ohair, and sauntered o» to tor yerandah, and did not return. . in. Though gossip and rumour more or less corresponding to what Williard had told me Were Oirculuti&g; freely in Burrapur, a great tiiany people, besides Lady Sfainwaring, often speculated, how it was that the hand some collector nev?r marriril, Yel l HOYCr remcmW to jbaye heard of his being more fttteatiYo to any one woman than another, till the third winter of my pi,omctiani to Burrapur, when Besamund Mamwarmg Cable out io Tipparree Lodge on a visit to her aunt. There was no mistaking the attraction hxisa Maiowfliring had for Williard from toe first. He made no especial advances, nor did he pay IlSl' Oily marked attention ; hut one could not see him in her presence without noticing how his eyes followed hw, ftftd rCmftrisillg tte uttie inT9lnntary Bmilo whioh ahone in them. Williard had a way of smiling with his eyes which was very peculiarly hie own, U'llCU Bcsamund did or said anything that j pleased him. And Rosamund Wft9 9-9 diSwOUt flOm the Amp, colourless girls of Barrapnr as a snn» beam is to moonlight. Yi There was one day, when be had planned .an expedition to ft fftffiOUB BbrinB in the hill" side beyond Barrapnr, when we all thought matters were coming to a crisis between Otto and Miss Wainwafmg. They rode Oil in front together talking in cessantly and laughing, and never once looking Lack to us. It always has the effect OS m&lsing; BOO uncomfortable and moroBe to watoh my friends rushing headlong into love entangle ments, and I know I felt so at tha time. By«and«bye wa saw tha two dismount, fiUd leave theil1 llOl'SOa with some servants, and begin to climb the steep path through the rocks around the hillside, which led np to the shrine. They wore eonse distance ahead of ns, and for some reason they sent one of the ser vants up the path in front of thani. I recollect watching them, and wondering j sadly how little or how much I should see of Williard in futnro after Miss MaiawftVing J had completed hev capture of him. And then eomcone of oar party observed that it was very surprising that the two did not coma round by tha path again to the front of tho hill. We dismounted and scrambled up the path, it seems those two were climbing quietly together, apparently very mnohab' Borbed in one another's tallr, their syce soma fifty yards ahead (discreet syce), when a iSOpard sprang out from the undergrowth and fixed on. the unlucky servant's arm. He began to maul him badly as "Williard, with M133 Mainwariug, rushed up, Tt "W33 the girl's first experience of such a scene, aadehe neyer had posed as toe owner of strong nerves. She clung to Williard dis tractedly. Luckily he had a revolver; we all carried them out in tha country about there. So put one arm round her, holding her back against the rocks of the hillside path, covering her with his OWU pri son, while with, the other hand be fired. The beast dropped, ehofc dead through the bead. The sense of relief at the sight of the great beast, so easily aud skillfully disposed Of WOS too much for her. She clasped her 1 two small hands in their dainty gloves round poor Williard' 3 arm, bent ber head dOY/n Ytry near bia breaat, and fairly sobbed. 'Ho arm eyer seemed quite so strong, or any hand quite so steady, as Me. Williard's when he first hold me safe and fired,' Miss Mainwating said that evening. v. I ought hardly to say though that nothing cams of Milliard's friendship for Sfias Main- waring, for we all of us felt certain a mvutb or two later, when he began to mahe ar rangements for a leave to England, that toe influence of toe fair Bossmund was at work. Bat if, as I was to see later, there were now disappointments and frictions between the father and sons, these things were the outcome of the inevitable condition of things, and not because either on© or the other fell short of th© high standard eaeb bad eefc up. VI, The Milliards had keen at Grey Qourt about a month when X got home.. Contrary to ftny eapeotation of mine, Otto no sooner heard of my arrival toan he wrote inviting me down for some shooting. The, position between, father and sons was pretty well established when £ got there. I noticed at once that the young men SOOmed tP appre ciate their father's society, and were visibly not a little proud of him ; yet they treated him with rather a strained deference and re spect that had no real affection In If. There was a life -long grudge betwCOU them. I traced the work ©f 3£fb> BrUIU- mond her©, and Williard was not too man to mahe a bid for any good will which was not entirely spontaneous. He had dropped into a tolerably easy way with them, half-hrotheriy, half -fatherly, and would have been on the best of terms with them, and in receipt of their m©8t Un limited respect, if th© shadow of their neg lected relationship bad not ever hovered between them lite a ghost. It was a thousand pities they were related, trey wonld have made such excellent casual frkflde. I recollect now a remark of Milliard at dinner my first evening there, it somehow brought hack th© half obliterated vision of Miss Rosamund to my memory, and set me wondering if he bad done anything since his arrival in England to advance his suit with her. "Milliard's youngest boy was called Otto, after him, a name his friend, harking hack, perhaps, to grandmotherly times, corrupted into 4 Tottie- "WUHard violently disliked this, and he had his own emphatic way of saying so. ' Why do you make such a fool of the fellow ? 1 Tottid !' I tell you ouce for oil to Stop it. It's euough to spoil the hoy's pros pects in life !' Then his tone changed. 'Ho need to think yon axe poaobiug 9a my preserves. There are few enough people who'll over want to call me ' Otto' again/ The talk langnished. Tho young men did not relish the authoritative tone, while 1 could not help wondering if Mies Mainwariug would over care to claim the privilege, and call him by the name of which ne spoke. My speculations concerning the young lady were partly satisfied next meraing by Ered i Williard, who, it seems, had made Bosa- mand's acquaintance at Dover soon after her return from India. He told ma it was she who had rbeom- mended Grey Court to them, and that they frequently met her now, as she was visiting Borne cousins at a neigbonring place. , Whether 3?rod at all suspected hie father's . admiration of the yovrag lady X was not able > to detect> X imagine not, for Bred was a E Iain-spoken youth, and doubtless wonld ova mentioned it anoe he knew I had met : Wina Mainwai'ihg at Burrapur. I liked the young soldier, Eked, the best of ; oil Milliard's sons. , XX© rmtotoft m© of what his fethw was is India, and ftWftJ frOTO hlS mCUUlVTBUfff, f though Fred owned a remurkaWe nmoiwr cf ) biwff candour in great comrusi to WiHurd's ctoraal reticence. , I During the llSZt few days wa saw Bliss | Mainwariug and her cousins' many limes. J Thay came to tennis at Grey Court, and we ( 1 went out to shoot over xhe unci©'© preserve, | when the young rflfflO OUt »Jjd jWDCd j U9. Rosamund seemed mare huwitdhingly .. pTOtty than ever, but I confess Milliard's behaviour with her pnszled me. His reserve j (itl 3. qilief seemed 4o concentrate tKomselves m Ler presence tKou.h X b© ' took as great ft delight in watching ber bright personality and gay little ways as of old, and that onde his face lighted up with a radiant look Of Hkaeure which was posiiivefy ( iWyifill wLsn sne cam© round by Kim aud examined Lis gun. 1 with her uttio gaantleted hands holding th© stock, and her half serious, halt mis. ohievons eyes meeting his wholly grave, earnest ones, she reminded him of tho Qaapard incident,' and ' Low you saveA my ( life.7 'Hot yours, Mis? Mainwairing, only a. poor wreteb of » eyce's, . I never had toe happinoBB to do so much for you. Ton were too grateful, that was all, ,Y<m mado tOO much Of Ah, Miss Mainwariug, it WOS I Who Owed something that day to yon/ I hardly caught the words, but X "saw his glance linger on hers. She laughed UDOftBfiy, and let her long itches droop to hide her eyes, ' And this gun -is it too earns sort ? Show YOUTS tO ma, tOO, please ?' She turned away frith a Sort of petulanoe towards -Fred. Williard leant hack ©n hi© OlboWf W 0 WVrO pionioiug on a bank under toe lee of a nut cvpeo, He took his cap off, and thrust hack his thick dark hair from off his forehead, and I noticed ha did not even look at P.osanmul j Main waring agim. Might after night X beard him pacing his smoking -room floor till aim ost davbraak, and more than once a strong temptation oamo over me to get up aud go down to him, to tod him ha was a fool loth vl<3 Lesxtate? and. asstice Llm La£ LanAsome £&c;© splendid physique, sheulfl Win ft WOJ fOT him in a feminine heart a great deal more difficile than that of Mies Rosamund Muinwaring. It was well enough, though, to think out such thoughts to their logical conclusion In I my BOlitude, it was another matter to approach With them a man like Otto XVilliard. I oonfess I began to regard him B0 rather ft : fool to act as he did, and even now it has , never been satisfactorily cleared up for mo : whether it was simply doubt of his power to win the girl in the face of some obstacles, or whether it was tho suspicion of a something I 1 graver, more earious, still, which held him badk from her Eor myself I never KacL Kad ( tt© least Jou.Lt of Hosamxmd© 1> accept him until one Sunflfty— I reOOlleOt, ft vvas the second Sunday of my stay at Gray Court. I was strolling in the Flv Walk, which eOmiddtOd "Wliliard's place and tKafc oi j Rosamunds utice; -wLen I in sight Of the unmistakable f©riJ13 Of the JOUUg i&Qj; and Fred "Wiiiiard Bitting together after a fashion that was unequivocally lovsr-Hke. The truth dashed on me m an instant. I realised how blind I had been. I recalled a j Score of circumstances to corroborate my sudden fear. i went bask to the house, for Fred and hie companion had been much too engrossed in thoir own society to notice me, bearing With m9 e very heavy heart indeed for poor J: Williard, and calling the two young people I I left behind Tin the Fir "Walk rather I gratuitously a couple of selfish fools, A few nights after my discovery in the Fir "Walk young Otto and I wore leaning out over the balcony of too billiard-room, when we were aware suddenly that Feed aud Rosa mund WOrO talking together iu the garden below. t I hardly realised what they were Sftjing till Otto observed, with more aoouraoy than elegance, that « Old E'red W8S aWfullj gOH0 on Roaie Mftinwaring/ and then their re- ; marks arranged themselves into some sort of eequence in my ears. ' It's so easy to go to a man like your father, j EVed. He's so young — he'll sympathise and say 'yes in a moment X'm BUTO. It Can't bR so long ago sine© he felt 111x0 WO do MWSClf, you know,' Miaa Rosamund was saying, and then Prefl answered ben TOUUg father's arent snch unmheed hless- ingS, my darling, X can tell yon ! Xt'B not BO many days ago 1 was precious je&loUB; Of mj father, do yon know ? I thought hB WOS nearly rb muoh inlove with yon as a certain bumble somebody else, who'd make a very poor show in the field by the side of him. Eh, my little girl?' ' 7tt Buy> sftiy thing !' And then there followed a ripple of merry laughter as the two disappeared among the shadows. Young Otto joined in the laugh quite openly, adding ; ' Good old Fred, he's too proud of himself to make any secret of how that land lies?' as I made some speech about our j having no business to overhear their conver" satlon thus. About a week afterwards, coming down to dinner iu answer to the early gong, 1 found Ered and his father alone in the drawing- room. W llliard had his hand on the young fri- low'a arm, and was talking to him in bis naturally deep-toned, quiet VOiCO, but tllBTO was a troubled look iu h is ByeB, and a mr- youb, cenBtraoted ; strain about the eyebrows and mouth, which I had never seen before, and which Fred apparently did not observe, GtlSSSing the subject of their talk, I WB3 closing tbe door again, with ft VJOW tO bBRtmg a hasty retreat, when Wifiiard called to ma ; Don't go, Jones. Ton ought to he one of I too first to hear the news. This fellOW, Eked, — is — engaged — gein" to marry— Miss Mainwariug, and then ho added, clasping aud unelftsping his fingers round a little statuette on toe mantelshelf as he spok©, ' X have done so littleall their lives for thefle com of mine, Jones, it seams a sort of duty to make this boy happy now. He's a trifle young for it to he sure, Lut # j ' toil w6p6 youtlg yourself sir one© wqttelt tliG 8am© circmnstatiooB Fr©& Klxwi©refli j Yea, I was young one© UjyBBif/ "Will Sard said, ' audi euppoBo now I am lcamingwhat it means to be old. The words of congratulation I uttered must have had a very idle, unreal sound, and I totally forget how Fred replied to them. I Stood, and stared at the father and ©on, looking, I have no doubt, au absolute fool, as I uttered my incoherent COUgratUlatiOUS. i knew, ©f oourse, I waB weeks too lata— jet, X frit, for once I must speak my mind out. I thought Williard looked mora like an old man than I had ever seen him as I opened th« dOOr. HO looked up, and raised his eyebrows — clearly he had no particular dOBilO for JOf society. i lighted 3 pipe, and smoked a minute in Brience, ' Williard/ I said thea, ' what in too world is the meaning of this engagement of Fred ? What am you thinking of P it's absurd, totally absurd.' I looked at him, and he met my eyes steadily, and knew perfectly what it was they implied, At laBt Wiiiiard Btood up and leant his shoulder against too bronze on the mantel- Bhrif . He half dosed his eyes, and smiled. I don't think I should have asked you hero, J Ones, Old mail, if I had known, exactly hOW things would eud. It's a strange 1 ending, God knows.' I He gave me his hand, and X WOUt ftW ftj, not In the least offended ftt my diBmiBBal, only sick at beftrt, ftnfi furiOUB With all the world excepting him. He made his will and settlements, whioh sot everything very straight and comfortable for the young people. Wiiiiard made BOUO hSftttB BVpTCmOly happy, their BhertowniDgo notwithstanding, and he never shadowed anyone's existence hy the knowledge of his own sacrifice. Things have changed with all of UB, ftnd reading my 4 Times' this ©YOUing I MB aeross a paragraph announcing the death of Sic OmiiBBalnn WMard, TL.Q&.L . 