"SAJIBATB" OR 5iJhNDAY I" TO THE EDITOR 5' THE' QCFltSA25 TIMES?-i DeAn Sm,-Will you-kindlyallow me a smaif' space in your valueebi paper to say a little ?n the subject of the first'day of the week, or tle Lord's Day. What shbuld' we thik of the in tolligence of a person who could see no differ ence between a corp~s nd la-ifisg man ? Just as blind must that rmis be bho sees no differ noce between the ministrationeof death and the present dispensation which i's after the power f an endless life. The offrrtugsof the former, the dispensation of works, could never take away sin; could never give the conscience periect peace. The work` of its priesthood was never done. But irblths dispensation of grace, 'after He (Christ) lad offered onesoacrfiee for sin for ever, He satrddwn con the righ~ hand of God." "For by oneotldriag i hbth perfected for ever them that areeassnetiid:'" (Hebrews a., 1-22.) God's rest in the old' creation was broken by sin, GodS rest in CQrist,the Head of the new creation, can nevr be broken. We might as easily mbgle light and darkness as the principles of the t'vo dlsperati?ons; and bence the neccssihy.of seeing the former to be utterly abolished by the Crss of Ctrist. Every thing in the past is on the princip?e of obedi ence to a carnal commaraint; everything in the present springs from the power of a risen life. This will recount atones tsr the striking contrast between the Jewith Sabbath and the Chrisit,'trist day. Throitg to Matthew •xviii., 1, we read, "it the end of the Sab bath, as it began to daws towards the first day of the week," &c.;, it was tthen that the angel of the Lord said "He is- risen"' So in Mark xvi., 1.-" Ar?twhen tlheSabbath was passed," the glory of the resurrection ntoace burst forth. The shadow of the S.bbath passed over the sepulchre ofaJesus and disappeared. The Sab bath, as a shadow, having thus served its pur pose in pointing to Christ, let as inquire what there is in the Word of God respecting the first day of the week. Now, itwas on thh-atday of the week that Christ arose, the firstborn from among the dead -the fiest-fruits of them that slept. (lst Corin thians xv., 20; Colossians i., 18.) It was on the first day that Jesus opened the Soriptures, and showed His disci ples hos He "eught to have suffered these things, and to enter into His glory." (Luke xxiv.) It was on that same day at evenings. being the first day of the week, that Jesus for the first time declared the glad tidings of peace through his broken body and shed blood; " Peace be unto you;" and again, the next fmrst day, He came with the same message of peace. The disciples were commanded to wait in Jerusalem for the promise of the Fathers-the Holy Ghost (Acts L, 4-8). Now, it is most re markable that the Holy Ghost did not come until the day of Pentecost was tfully come (dActs ii., 1). Surely there must be soma reason why the Lord Jesus remained in the Sgrave until the Sabbath was so fully past, and the Holy Ghost remained away until the Pentei cost was so fully come; for the Pentecostal scene-like the resurrection-began early in the morning of the first day of the week. The institution of this Pentecostal feast in the 23rd of Levitcus will throw much light on this part of our subject. The sheaf of the first fruits in the 11th verse "He shall wave before the Lord to be accepted for youn: on the merrow after the Sabbath." Now, the morrow after the Sabbath must be the first day of the week. Christ was that first-truit sheaf, which was waved in resurrection acceptance on the morrow after the Salbath. On the very day on which the Jewish priest waved theliteral sheaet, Christ arose from the dead. And the two wave-losaves are also offered on the morrow after the seventh Sabbath. How wondrously everything met in Christ. On the very night on which the pass over was slain, Jesus'was offered, the Lamb of God without spot. On the morrow after the Sabbath, Jesus, our Surety, was raised from the dead, and accepted for us. Seven Sabbaths had to pass away, and the morrow after the seventh must be fully come-the Pente cost - before the Holy Ghost could be given to baptise the disciples into one body, the Church of the living God. Then was the Church, answering to the two wave loaves, to be taken from Jew and Gentile, pre sented before the Lord. On the first day of the week, the glad tidings of salvation, through the death and resurrection of Jesus, was pro claimed. Three thousand heard the word, received it gladly, and were baptised. And they continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread and in prayers. (Acts ii., 41-42.) Let us now notice (Acts xx., 7), "And upon the first day of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them," &c.; It does not say that they met to keep the Sabbath; no, the word "Sabbath" is never used to denote the first day of the week. Their object was not to hear Paul preach (that was secondary to "breaking bread"), but to remember the Lord's death, and keep His command-this do in remem brance of Me. Mind, it was not the first Sunday in the month or the first in the quarter. This has no meaning in it, except as it expresses man's self-will to do as he likes. (See 1st Corinthians xi., 23-20.) One word as to Ilevelation i., 10, "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day." This is the only passage in Scripture in which "The Lord's Day" ot a , and I have no doubt but that it means, as amonly understood, the first day of the week. Is there nothing, then, to the world now ab It Sabbath keeping? Nothing, I answer,kb to hear the Gospel, believe, and live. Man never old enter into rest by workts. In Mat. dl., Janus presents Himself as the true Sabbath, or reot--" Gome unto le, an ye that labour and are eavy laden, nd I will give you loest" In John w~ -18, there isonewhose case could only be mes by tie" Son of God. Now, i·Lord Jesus sapys "Tlrke up thy bed and walk" The man had' lain exetly the saue'numhber of years as 1srael hbd withered away in thewilderness (Dent ii., 1??61). Jesus meeti himia the dignity odIilvine power, and the RBbbat? as a shadow is shliown tohbe gone. Thuivery ese Lord who, ioJer. xo .21, had said, "Dear no burden on te-Sbblsth'Day," now soys, "Take up thy bed aundwalk" T'he same sting is seen in the man bons blita (John irs, .6). One word, and his sight'swould have be~na reosred; but the Lord muoo again set aside' the sadoJwy Sabbath Lbyakinn -clay.. Observe that'nothing so often ?iled thetJews with madbess abshi tre teating of ithe Sabbath so a shadow. Bule they "sought the'meos to kill Him, Ikeausnere not only hal]ibroken the Sabbath, b talso said that God was4Fis Father,. making Hiself eqeuals with God." Yowre, dc., ONE WHO 'S;EEk TO CARRPBY cUT 0 XX., 7, AND IAT. XVIll., 21). 