THE ASSOCIATION' CUP FINAL. [By '?'This Ctsio.') Tho largo (iimonsions of tlio football crowd nt tho Sydney Ci-iekufc Ground on Saturday— ?drawn thither to wiLucss tho lusslo tor pos ?Session of tbb Association Cup— bIiows plainly '. that u good game will attract well, provided tlio weather lio congenial und other oulsido Inttractions of no piu- licular nolo. Olio may pool safo in staling that no club match in tho colony ovor created wider and warmer iutorost, and probably no greater uttoudauca than Saturday's— about 10.000— over witiiossod a KBino.of 'loan importimco than a big Inter 'colonial in Syduoy. But two or three things conspired successfully to invest tho game with unwonted, importance, oven for a Cup.iinal. I'irst, ovoryono know that if ltaudwick woro fortunate enough to .succeed tho Cup would liocomo tho absolulo proporty of tlio club. Mr. Itichards, their worthy president, would then Jirobubly become the custodian of tho trophy for good and all instead of a year. r Lnsfc Winlor tho fates combined ? with .terrible earnestness aguinBt Eandwiok in the Keuri-fiiial for tho Cup, upon which occasion ,lhoy sustaiuoil tliuir only dofoat. That, strangely enough, wns tho last rovorso tho team met, for never sinoo have thoy left tho field a uonquorcd combination. Tho somf- fiual of 1833 took placo upon one of the bitterest of fcooziug, squally days. It wns won for tho Pirates by their captain— H. Nelson (now in Brisbane), who pottod a goal from tho field to nil. , Upon that not-oiisily forgotten aftoruoon, ivbon tho cold beat into the very marrow of one's bones, tho better team wont down ; of this there was no po=aiblo shadow of doubt. Tlio Pirates,, however, had playod up to admirably that no one, savo tho keenest of Eandwick enthusiasts, bogrudgod them their (.uccess. But at that tiuio Jtn'ndwiak woro a very popular team, so that their disappointed ouvliusiusts woro largoly uuuibored. This rather lougthy pronmblo has boon made to point with greater forco to the exact feel ings of Itandtviolc's supportors on Saturday. Tim disappointment last Winter was greatly felt; because it was ao absolutely unexpected. Now there was a fear abroad amongst tlio supportors of thu premier team that some thing similar might happon in tlio final this year. Notwithstanding the club's unbeaten record/and Wallaroo's only modorato success, confidence in thorn was by no means pro nounced. A moro glance at tho records of the two teams plainly gavo tho palm (o Jtand wick. , But no one know bettor than tho premiers themsolves that tho Wallaroos woro playing with increasing combination — a headier gamo— every Saturday ; and that the letter's lorwaids wuro inliiiiloly greater adepts than theirs in tho art of manipulating the scrum, and also just as well, if' not bolter conditioned. Thoao facts, added to that of Kimdwiak groatly desiring to. win tho Cup outright (which made BOino of the players more anxious than usual), served to ouoirulo tho game with nnoortuinty r«s well as invest it with tho keonest public interost. Manifestations of this exceptionally [?warm fooling woro rampant throughout tho 'Baton. But to tho gumo. 1 .Tho crisp and delightful display by tho TJni Toraity ond Pirates in tho oariy game set tho large gathering in the beat of humor. It set tho people oonjunng ui- visions of an equally iploasing display in the final. Were thoso visions realised P Yes and no. Interest was (mstainod from beginning to ond, at times rising with terrible iuteiiBity, novor onoo bo coming slaok. J3ut tho graceful, gliding runs, the brisk passing rushes, nnd tho feinting dashes of tho first match wore Bupplanted by play of a fierce, hnrry-aourry order. Tho teams woro thua composed : — IUhdwick.— J. M'arnbon, full Imck j C. Wynno, p. Biles-, and 11. Whitcside, three-quartern ; W. Jlarrio mid W. Gnllanay, lialf-baelts ; F. Hcnlon Hud Had win, wing forwards; Allan Scott, A. (i. leaser, A. IIruiki, lio.iumont, T. Muluuo, J. JErrnBor, and Sice, forwards. Wallauoo.— A. Qanliuur, full lmclt; Kully, A. Row, .and J. Smith, tlirce-qimrtuisi A. Jt. Him. cheo and B. A. ltoborts, hulvos ; 1*. II. Lane and O iM'JSLurdo, winK foi wards; A. T.Scott, W. tt'obe, Muck, Ireland, Wuntwortli, Shortus, and Stiouf, lorwurds. The Wallaroos appoared first in tho enclosure to tho accompaniment of very hearty applause, aiioy looked a u'no body of mon, and were brightly uniformed. Tho Kuudwicks, hoadod by Captain Jamen M'AIiihon, followod shortly ».fterwardB. Their physique all round was grand, oven better than that of their eturdy -ntagoniBts. They, too, woro attired vory taoatly. Tho applauso which met the premier team was by no moans general, but oven if sectional it had an unmistakoablo ring of baartiuess— Emallor in volumo, but just ns Benuino as tho Wallaroo grooting. Tho management of tho game was left in Mr. J . J5\ Macmiinnmey's hands, wlio appointed his «o-aoloctors— Messrs. A. 13. Softon and H. A. langloy— touch umpires. Thoso throe gentle tton woro also cordially reoeivod by tho public ' Now to tho hostilities— I think tho lnttor term scarcely nn exaggeration. J. M'Mahon (won the toss from P. M. Lauo, and Wallaroo kicked off against tho sun, wind being absent. Tho first fivo minutes were unolmnictorisod by anything sensational, lUudwick having tho ball mostly at tho othor 25 in and out of touch. But 'suddenly Mack's toworing figuro apod Bway from a half-way lino. Being joined by BI'Mnrdo and Shortus, thoy dribbled at a groat' paoo, boating Wynne, who triod to pick' up. M'JMuhon faced thorn inside tho 25, and picking lip, proceeded to got tho ball into touoh, but Muck grabbed him. Tho full back, however, Iind dono . Ilia duty, for tho ball wont out a inlnuta lator. From this point onward play lacked nothing on tliorooroof oarnestuess, tho tackling being anything hut gontlo. Tho llandwiok forwards woro hopolosaly beaten in tho scrum. Wallaroo did not push thorn bnok — aomotimon heolod out just as if it woro the easiest thing in the world to got the ball— but mostly so.rewed, and wont away with tho ball lit their toes. Tho I Wallaroo backs did tt good deal of kicking, and by this means not only saved thoir forwards, but kept tho opposing backs from taking the ball from thorn in their futile attempts to puss— as had been dono in tho first ouoouuter a few weeks ago. Presently How look n mark at half-way and dropped' for goal. It fell short, and Kiloy, who was playing in bootlofls socks, took tho ball, but his toes vobollcd, as if in protest' against the task sol them, for it went straight into touch inside tho 25. . The teams lined up hurriedly, Wallaroo scattering for a long throw. But the lall Malouo grabbed tho ball ns it was flyine ovor his bead, nud raced away. Hegotdowu pust centre whom Row blocked bis progress. Jlcrc, from a looso scrum, Galloway got hold, sent it to Barrio, to Whiteside. The lattor kicked high and followiug up— as only mon of his quality now think worth while — spoilt Kolly's attempt to mark. Now tho Wallaroo forwards in strong oon cert came towering down from thoir own aide of half way, ton yards in from touch on tho pavilion aide, tho tall Mack in the van, with the hall at toe, and Shortus, Webb, Lane, and M'iMurdo with him and tho other torwards speeding behind. The roaring of the specta tors must have spurred tho players on, for thoy raced like liorww. On pust tho 25 thoy went. Barrio and Gulloway, the half-bncka, had been playing in the contra, ao wero not l hero ro iiupedo. After gotling through tho tt.uichvick fonrardi the next obstacle in Iho pnth was Wynne. Tho laltor looked ft moro boy facing tho big men; but ho wont in man fully, only lo he Knocked over. On tho ball went, and W'JI.ihoii, 10yds from tho lino, dived in to meet it. Ho seomod to momen tarily atop the ruHh, but thu ball came out and was within a yard or two of the line with half-a-dozen Wallaroos racing at it not 2yds off. Hauua, however, came along nt right angles— parallel with the goal line— and booted it hard into touch along Iho ground. ' What hard luck !' was tho utterance from a thousand Wallaroo throats. Jlauna's mppoarauco wns most timely for his side. He must hi.vo fol lowed up vi-ry fn=t, as ho was Iho only forward at hand. Hard luck for Wallaroo tn miss the try aflor such play ; but it was splendidly saved. ?? ' ? ? Tho name wan intensely exciting. Walla I'on's dashing dribble .set their partisans wild with delight. Two minutes after Kan.iwick by effective lino work on Iho part of Maloue had taken the ball lo centre Muck onaomoro slnrted a hard dribble. Tt was on the samo wiiijf, and everyone of tho Wallaroo forwards facemiMl to be in it. This time they boat both Wynne nnd Al'Mnliou— indood, I doubt if any ample player eould liavo gone iu and stopped them. 'But well ii.s-ido Iho 23 one' of I horn kickod thn ball rather hard, amlltiloy, coming just as JTunna had done— at right' angles— kicked hard into touch without 'Attempting to pick up. Tho promiors woro being pressed hollv j big strong men amongst tbo spoolntovs .shook with eicitome.it ; the leaiher-luuged roared, and women shrieked. The Wallaroos woro forced back, yot eamo again, this timo down the centre, but inside tho 23 a speculator by Slec landed the ball in touch at half-way. It wns a forward hatllo in the loose, Wallaroo affecting the dribble and llaudwick tho pass. And the dribble seemed to prove tlio moro formidable. A drop at gonl by Koborls wont across tho goal line, and Kandwick forced. Tho Wai luroo fonvhrds nt tins period scrowod (i tjood deal, and carried tho ball away, leaving the Kundwick pack boliind. They did tbodribbling rushes so grandly that it is really marvellous how Iho Itandwict backs kept them bank from tho line. It speukri volumus for tho coolness ol tho attaeked— for it -v1Ui nnthiug but stout hearted coolness that navud them. But Hand wiek rallied, and profiting by an unfortunate, if well-intentioned, pass back nt centre by Roberts that wont amiss, Malouo and J. Frasor carried the ball diai;onally acrons the field to the left. Gardiner upset lYnscr, but [i- moment Inter near touch inside the 23 tho big man got the ball again with all the forwards thoro. Ho passed it half-way across the ground liko lightning to Itilay, who sent it swiftly to Barrio. Tho lattor glanced round for Wynno, but finding tho throo-quartcr too far back dashed off himsolf. Barrio thawed coolness, as at the time of getting the ball he wui- stioight in front of ouo goal post. Ho might oasily liavo dropped at gonl, but lCelly nnd Gardiner would luno ceitainly coliarod him had ho not gone for tho corner. Setting sail for tho corner ihig tho JJaudwick five eighth beat his opponents nnd scored first blood for llandwiok amidst comparatively Irifling, genuine applause. Tho kick at goal was not successful. At this period some large hoartod individuals hooted P.andwick fnr no other apparent reason than that tho laltor hud got a try. It was so noble, so sports manlike ! The throo points lo tho crodifc of Itandwiek snemed to quieten the manifestations of enthusiasm for a while, and also to spur tho leading team on. At all evonts a few minutes later Hadwin was uplcudidly hauled down on tho verge of the line. The first spell waa bv this timo drawing near iU oud ; but before it came somo exceptionally fast work nnsuod. Thu K.indu'iok forwards got down inside the 25, but little Gardiner saved brilliantly. Now Galloway got hold from tho loose, nnd whipped the ball quickly to Whitcside; but tho lattor was buntlod, and tho Wallaroo for wards dribbled lo M'Mahon. Tho latter picked up, but waB a trifle* slow in kicking, bo that Lane blockdd the bull. It bounded back towards the goal lino, but Wynne sped aoross, picked up, and pioceoded to kick, when ho was grabbed nnd thrown. A free wus givon against him for holding on, right in front of goal inside 25. How pluood the ball baok a good distance, but his kink fell short. Walla roo should have equalised the Moros with this kiok,' lioicg within very easy rausre. I do not for a single instant deairo lo quostion the fair ness of the decision, but this I do know, that Wyuue was absolutely powerless to movo. Tho man, who brought him dowu, hold him there, leaving him not the ghost of a chanoo to free himself of the ball (if ho had hold of it). This practically olosed tho Urat half. Tho Wallaroo forwards had played suoh a splondid all-round game, aud How and Roberts had kicked with such oxoollcnt effect/that, notwithstanding Kaudwiok's 3 points lead, the premiors did not allow to any groator advuutago, savo in coolness, ''o my mind— and I ' watobod tho game very closely— tho Wallaroo forwards playod grandly, both in tho scrum aud tho loose ; but I make' this reserva tion, that in supremo momonts thoy did not mnko the best of thoir opportunities, simply bpc'iiuso, tho Eandwiok men, ovon anaiiiBt the fiorcost-' attacks, did not lose their heads — und somo of tho Wallaroosdid. The Wallaroo dribbling rushes from tho scrum, leaving the Raudwiclr pack bohind, woro the finest 1 hftTe ovor seen iu club football. Tbo opening of tbo second spell was marked by a bit of football that might aptly be termed ludicrous woro it not that tho game was too serious to admit of anything. of that naturo creeping in. Eaudwiok kicked off, and Row waitod for the ball about 10yds from tho goal line. It bounced from his graap, and while ho was reaching out to regain it llanua dashed up,' gathorod it in,, nud was past Row at onco. One of tho backs wont at him, but ho dodgod away, and now only Smith (tho throo-quartor on that wing) had tho ahadow of a 'ehauoo to bring him down. The littlo three-quarter finding Hauna going to dodge, wont low for his foot, but tho ltandiviek for ward jumped ovor hia hands and scored. It nil happened iu less than ton seconds from the kiak-oft. r Tile crowd hero aud thoro sent up a few ohoora, but tho bulk of tho spootators wero as dumb as mutos— saddened. For a moment or two Iho Wallaroo playors nppcarou dumbfounded, and I shall not soon forget Arthur Scott's faco us ho looked at his captuiu while tbo ball wns boiug taken out it saiil plainly 'This .is almost heart breaking—what torriblo'luok.' Barrio's kiok whs not a good one, so that the board now read, 6 to nil. For fully ton minnteHnf tor this llandwiok' put great vim into their work. Tho bucks netting hold from tho looso did somo first-rate passing runs, But gradually Wallaroo re covoreil from 'tho shock, tho first man to net them going again boing Wobb, who mado a fiuo run. This wus followed by a groat riiBh to the 25, but it was being replied to by liaudwick in a similar manner, when Koberts took a capital mark from u rush in front of goal, jttRt noar the 25. It waa placed forKow, whose kick was a beauty ; but it passed just outsido tho post, Barrio forcing. Now tho Wallaroos began to play aa thoy had . done about u month ago i\«ainHt ' tho . University on tho. name ground— Have that, they substituted dribbling for passing. They made a series of dosporato: attacks ranging from sido to sido of tho ground, and hovering about tho 25. They did littlo or no pnssing, relying soluly upon ? the 'forwards- to got through. Thobaulia wero not asked to lend a hand, save by kicking back'whenovor the ball got to them, nnd ably did How nud KobertB kiok, too. Tlio oxcitombntwns simply awful ; piny was terribly earnest, but neithor eoion tific nor olovor. It was rough nnd iiorce, aud the referee hud to warn two or throe players —nil forwards. At last lloberts did a high punt ovor tlio ruuk, followed up vory fast to M'Mahnu, who allowed tho hall to pitch noar the goal lino. It hounded aorosa and Hoberta, dashing liko a flash, caught Rundwiok napping and scorod what was riially a splendidly got try. Tho npplauso was. iudoBcribablo, and was repoated a few minutes later when Mack, by a fino kick, addod Iho goal. 6—5. Wallnroo now altaokod with wonderful activity, but iu Iho midst of tho furious play —for it loally was furious— nno of tho Wal luroo forwards was ordered off the field by the referee for endeavoring to kick Whiteside, who was stretched on tho ground at Iho timo. : It was so flngrant that tbo oiTonder was ordorod off without a warning. A groat many neoplo thought, the player referred to wns injured, and deeply sympathised with' Wallaroo in thoir loss, but those who watched, things closely and calmly bad noted tlio roferoe's notion. Immediately after this Ttiley was hurtj and the game stopped momentarily. Then a ..very powerful Wnilaroi) .rush was stopped ' by M'Mahon underneath his .own goal, but the full hack hung .on toomuuli, and a free .wus awarded. It ought to have roRiiltod.iir the easiest of easy goals, nud Wallaino should liavo led by 2 points, but Mack's kick mixsed the poht. Tho Wallaroo men trooped uuay joyfully, aa if it woro really a goal, lint Hand wiek forced, nnd tho bull wus kicked out from the 25. Many of tho spectators now hoolod Hand wick, apparently lo case their disappointment at tho uou- succoss of the kick. Wallaroo for some time kopt up the bombardment, but the defence was equal to ovoiy demand. At 'last Kandwick beat them back, and were beginning tn get closo to tho Walluroo line when a long kick by Smith from hi* own 25 pitched over Whiteaide'a head, and bounding on went into tonuli just noar tlio corner.' It was a remnrk ablo kick, gaining fully three-quarters of tho length of the ground for Wallaroo. Tho latter stormed again, but wero onco moro sent back to tho 25. Here a free was placed for Mnuk, but it wan pointless. For a few moments Kandwick got tho ball down to the other 25. Hero Mancheo sent a pasa out to Kelly, who was promptly downod by Wynno. Tho laltor netting hold atruck for the line, then passed inside the 25. Smith got the bull, aud in an. instant waa through the ruok. long before ho had reached centro ho was alone, with no comrade trailing behind, and only M'Mahon. ahead. He ran straight towards tho full-buck, but about 3rds off dodged. M'Mnhon divod hard nud low at1 Smith'* feot, and atruck them. The latter cams down from the force of Iho impact, nnd ivas collared by. Whitcside before ho had time to got up. Randwick .spurted again, the hacks showing out prominently. Whitesido came away from a hustled pass » i!.h tho ball at his feet, and iu a few seconds hud got through the Wallaroo backs to tin) 25. He now had only Gardiner to face Beaumont waa racing with him. Whiteside, with great coolness, ran straight at tho full-back, aud tho momont he touched him sent a lovely pnss to Beaumont, who missod it. Hud thn hitler taken tho ball Randwick's third try would have |;ono up, sinco there wasn't a soul to stop him and oniy uhout 4yds to go. Just before this one of tbo Raudwick forwards was sent off tho field for illegally tackling Smith after the lattor had taken a mark. Ho had been previously warned, and the tackle was quito uncullod fnr. The whistle wont with play in tho Wallaroo 23. It was about tho hottest contest I have ever seen, and I rcgrot that I cannot agree with those who sum it up as aline exposition of Rncby football. It does not ncoesBnrily follow that nu inlousely keen, fust, aud oxciljnpr game i.s a good exposition of football. It is ovidont. that Wallaroo had very carofully thought out their modu of play, for instead of Iho eternal heel out mid passing amongst their backs they broko away from Hie scrum with tho ball and made somo magnificent dribbling rushes. Thn latter rcpuatodly placed Kaud wick in trouble, but the pluck of tho latter ns incomparable defenders withstood all tho assailing dribbles. Wallaroo went very closo to scoring t.hroo or four times with theso rushes, and time aftor timo eniuo past the 25 with them. Had tboy variod Iho .forward game just a littlo, by trying somo of their famous passing rushes and giving the backs just a few openings, they would probably have won. They also missod some ; ox tremoly easy (shots at goal. But ' ifa ' aftor tho game is over aro wortuloss. Both sides. missod good opportunities to sooro. Ruudwick failed to gel 'what should have been a vory oasy try in . tho last ton miuulos. It was not good Wallaroo piny that .stopped .them ; it vraB a bud mull ou the part of Beaumont. Rnudwick proved thomselvos to be the finest dofeusivo olub team ovor seen in Sydnoy, at nil events within the lust ton years. Some of them made a mistake or two, but it would not he possible to go through such a game without error. In only one phase of forward play did they excel. That wason the line, in whioh Malone's work wusonoof the features of the Rumo. Thoy simply, wore not in tho same olass of sorummei's us .Wallaroo,' and the faot that tho latter kept the ball on tho 'ground in tho rushes rendered Riindwiok'B famous for ward tackling almost nsolcas. The battle was a pitched one betweon Wallaroo forwards and Kaudwiok backs, and tho latter won it. Arthur Soott, Wobb, Mack, Shortus! and M'Murdo oxoolled : themselves. Maok started nearly every dribbling ruah, aided by- the rest of the pack from tlio scrum. Boiug it fine big, athletic-looking man and a good all-round player, I should think he must have vory favorably impressed tho seleotora in this game. Scott and Webb are a oonploof scrum men to whom Wallaroo owe a frreat'deal. They wero not seen muoh during the game; but had they not done the soruui work 'bo ably Wal laroo would never havo offored such a bold front. Nothing givo.s mo groator plcaauro to-day than to havo to write in warm terms of praise of the form of E. A. Roberts. Ho played fivo eighths, and I am, sura no one bohind tho Wallaroo scrum played as Bkilfully and ably as ho. His marking waa vory auro, puntinir exccllouc, and I thiuk ho was the only baok ou his Bide who ran his mon on-sido.' His try waa tho outcome of cool, oleur work. A high punt into your opponent's territory, a fast run-up, oithor to got tho ball yourself or place your men in a position to do so, is always 'heady ' work. His form throughout was marked by excellent judgment. Row, too, played a decidedly usoful centre three-quarter gamo, notwithstanding the fatal futnblo. Manchoo and Galloway did not have many scrum posses to send out. The latter got tho ball twioo from thu scrum, nud ou each occa sion I fuiioy.it came from tho side and not a heel out. Manchoo got it oftoner, but it was early manifost that Wallaroo did not intend to rely upon tho bucks to get through. Tho mission of Iho backs was to kick, and they did kick well, too. : Iu all-round play, Whitesido and Wyuuo (lid bent work iu the R:m(hviok back division.. ? M'Mahon played well, but has dono bettor. ' Barrio and. Galloway did littlo rush-slopping, but Barrio played a most useful gamo. Malono and Manna woro the pick of Iho itandwiuk forwards. Tho two littlo mon, Smith: and Qardinor. played up with great heart and a good deal of dash for Wallaroo. The full-back got out of a few tight corners most ably. . , Kelly (who bad a bad kueo, with whioli ho has sinco gone into tho Sydney Hospital), Hon len and J.Fraaor (both having injured uuklee) wero not of much service. Fraser, however, was the direct aauseof scouring Randwick's first try. That long pass oamo off. Long passos, by the way, aro vory, useful now and then. In tho qualifying rouud for the Agricultural Society's medals, only one matoh took place, viz., University v Pirates. The Paddiugton Dlub, bolng indebted to the Union to the extent at aubaorlptlou and eutrnuoo feoB. wa« dl» qualifiod, so that Wontworlli had a forfeit. With rogard to Una matter, Paddington wero rather unfortuuato, though not altogolhor without blamo. Thoy wero saddled .with arrears belonging to Inst year's club, for which they really woro not at nil liable, inas much ua tho present is quite a new olub, the personnel boiug vastly difi'oront and the nnme altered from Paddington Eiectonito to P.id diugtou. '; It also poBsuasoK nothing— noithor bookunor rules, &c.;—tli«.t the old- olub had. It is, however, to, blamo for not oleotiug u now Eocreta'ry' in placo of Mr. Flotoher (who removed to the country tho day before thn first badge match took place). Two or three of tho meinbbrs; Messrs. (Jhambors, Bassetti and Bryce, worked logothor, and, all things con sidered, managed matters ably as far an the team wna' cnucoiiied. But with noaecretary nppniutod, tho usual business nud financial arrangements woro neglected, though tho Uniou neoonut is tho ou); one unpaid. And the rosult you know. I cannot say that I admire tho action of the Rugby Union in this matter. In the h'rst plaoo, if it bo roally . correct it follows that thn Union was very lax at tho start of the bouboii in accepting Paddinglou'a entry without fee, nnd also with a liability from u previous year posted ou its book' ngainat the club. It ought to bo one of the aims of thojiugby Union to assist Senior clubs 'in every 'legitimate wny to keep thoir teams up to tho beat Btandard. But tho Union an copied Padilington'H entry without having the remotest idoa'of the_ atrength of tho. tnam. Suppose that aflor Wallaroo had beaten them by 40 to nil iu the first match they had gone to tho wall, the rosult would havo boon a loat match for one of tho clubs ovary Saturday. As Iho Senior clubs make tho money for the Rugby Union it aeoms to mo that Iho most influential membern of the hitter's noniniiltee would do woll to take a fathorly interest in the weaker cluba, nud whoro possible help to strengthen their representation. Strong Sonior clubs mean good football, and good football moans good gates; and yon can't get away from the fact that good irntes provide the money which the Union spends iu foster ing the game in various othor ways. Tho University Bccurod a snccosn against Pirates by 5 points to!) iu tho early match «t th« Sjduoy Cricket Ground. It was a, delight ful bit of football ; to my mind infinitely better, as a spectacle, thuu the bigger game. The learns, composed us follow, wero vory evenly matched : — Fiiiatks.— J. M'Cuuskml,' full liaalc ; . Tliamno, Mncimnmrn, and 1,. WJlurdo; -' three-quarters ; llnt,-orty ai,d bojil, talMriola; C.irsuu (c.iptain), Uyic, Jacob, lVhrcnlmoli, 1'. Nelson, Ti-uist, Tlir. buU, Hates, nnd Uox, lorwnuls. IJjiiVKnsiiT.— H. 1-. Wood, full lioclt; Colqu houn (captain), Coile, mill Il'I.eini, tliroequ.ir u.-is ; lMllun and llilitr, Imhts ; Sliartluad, Wuugh, J)r. Vesch. 'Wliitc, Blue. Ulnclt, Hutehlu boi,, »lor.'iu, and l'oolur, torwards. Tho Pirates forwards wore strengthened by tho addition of it fow new men, us well ns Car boh, and tho rosnlt was quito a surprise. Thoy played the passing gamo admirably j indeed, so did tin) 'Varsity. Ami both bides should have scored more points, for they lost golden 'opportunities. Tho Piratea missod tho easiest of all, und the offeuder, ntrnnge to rohito, wns that pnKtmaater, 'Carson, who failed to take a beautiful pans juat near the line. Howevor, he look omi later and scored right bohind the bar. It was a very easy goal to kick, but MaonauiaruiuiRsod, aud, ns events turned out, that kick won tho match fprtho 'Varsity. The lattor lod by 5 to nil at half-time, Shortlaud scoring from a capital pass by Colqulnmn, who hud put iu a great run. '?'he lattor added the goal. Tho game was rich in incidont of tho brightest kind. Clean passing runs, able kicks, 'quick intercepting runa, long passun, lino feinting, aud some capital tackling were frequent happenings. P. B. Ookinhoun playod the finest all-round gnuio lor the 'Varsity at centre three-quarler. lie mude&omo; great runs, and played with tine judgmoul. Thu finest game for tho Pirates wns that of Boyd (scrum-half), who seemed to go wherover the ball wont — running, tackliug, feinting, and uussin;;, Tho try was got from one of his runs. Hu passed to a. forward inside the 25, and tho latter gave it to Carson. Shortland (wing-forward), Carson, and Veech also played splendidly. Tho first-named is second to no wing-forward of tho year, and will doubtless wiu a place in tho rep. matches. Corfo and Dnlton,. of tho 'Varsity backs, also played rather well, the former particularly ao. One or two words with reference to the hooting by tho. spectators iu the1 Cup final on Saturday. It atruck me as cowardly. Hoot ing is unpardonable, save whou real brutality isdnjphiyod; even then it is not an edifying way' of manifesting one's displouKuro, Uiough perhaps it is tho easiest. The peculiar purl about Saturday's ' oohing ' is that it was absent when unnncessary roughuoss was shown. M* Million (Kaudwick'a captain) wns hooted' beuuuao after chasing tho, ball to tho fonco his kick towards tho line-out sent it wide. Now there are such things ns manli ness and good aportamanahip, and I am certain that tho captain of Raudwick possesses a 'greater share of these good qualitios than any ; o£ thoso who jeered . him. I ho.vo seen M'Mahon play football long enough to know that the misdirected kick must havo been unintentional. If he wero inclined tore Bort to suob tactics in order to waste timo, he would have allowed Wallaroo to ohaso the bull themselves. But ho wan not bo inclined. M'Mahon is not that sort of man. ' With, reference to Henlou wanting time on tho line, while one aauuot Bay that it looked well, yot yon cannot get away from tho fact that he was playing for hia aide, and not Wallaroo, to win. It is a point that is taken by most players of experience, bub it is a point I do not admire. Another itom one cannot help regarding with disfavor is tho practice some of the Walluroo have lately adopted of 'calling put us they race up to an opponent marking the ball. The obvious inleut is to bustle and frighten him. And with nil duo defereuco to thoso who indulge in it, ono cannot |but condemn it. Would Iho University men do it? No; and why should Wallaroo? ? Tho metropolitan rop. team on Saturday week ought to inuludo amongst the forwards Arthur Scott, Webb, Mabk, Carson, Malona, and-Voeoh in the scrum. Shortland should be one of tho wings. ,In Iho somi-finals on Saturday the big encounter will be tho meeting of Kandwiok and \Voutworth. - They are the two leading olubs in the competition, and taking a lino through Wallaroo's vuliunt attompt to lower Raudwiuk's colors last Saturday Wontworth's supporters may well be hopeful. It is to bo played, ou tho Agricultural Ground. In the evont of Randwick succumbing and Weut worth winuinjr the final, the latter will be level with Randniok in competition points, But ovou then Randwick will retain the Pro miorship on match points, so we may hail lUudwiok oa Promiois, of 189G— their ,thicd auccossiro year at the: top of the troe. Tho Now South Walos Uniiui, 'mainly on tho Btreugth of n caso made out by Mr. liobeu ou Monday night, decided to pay tlio sum' of £37 claimed by tho New Zealand Union; According to Mr. liobeu, tho lattor body loBt i!150 ou tho tour of the last Now South Walos i team. Tho loss wna at tributed to bad weather during sovornl games, mid also tho comparatively weak team sent ovor by- thiu oolony. Although .tbo ? Now South Wales team wou tho only Intercolonial fixturo, thoy wore defeated iii the earlier games, and consequently uot much public interest was aroused in their doings. ,It was deeided by tho Rugby Union Com mittoo on Monday evouiug that the following matches bo re-played on Saturdays during the Country Carnival and Intercolonial fix tures . — Royal Oak, v Richmond, Newtowu v S.1I. Oakland*, Forest Lodge Cambridge: v Balmaiu 0., Petersham II. v Victoria, and iiulumiu Waratah t Endeavor. , . -Tho lion, secretary of the New Soutli Wales Roforoos' Association (Mr. Roland Kean) wishes members of the Asaocialion to note that tho weekly meetings (Tuesday) will houcefortu tako place iu the Union Rooms. THE ASSOCIATION CRICKET GROUND CHALLENGE CUP. FIMAM.Y WOS Br ltASDWICK F.C. 1892-Unndwick defeatod Uuivoraity. 18Jf— University defeated Kanilivirk. 1H91-Itiiudwlok dofcatuil Wnllaroo. ? 1835— Unlvorsity dofonted PimtQH. 189ii— Hnudwjclc defeated Wallaroo. ? Some Cohntby : Jo'i'tinqs.— At Albury, Ruthurglon bunt Corowu, by 8 goals to 3. Albury beat Albury Juniors by 8 goals to 4. Boeohworth is leading in the competition, Rutherglen, Corowa, and Albury oocupying the next positions ? Berry defeated Bolong for tho South CoaBt promiersbip by 3 to nil. Berry Juniors defeated Bolong Juniors by 6 to 8 ? At fforiter, tho WulUrooB pluyedthu Hawks a draw ? At Milton, tho locals beat Moruya by 12 points to nil...;. .In tho first contest fnr thu Aflleak Medals Yass boat Gunning by 25 points to nil ? I'onrith Pura kects were beaton by Custloroagh by (j points tn 3......Katoomba dofeutod Lawsoii nlub by 20 to nil ? Liamoro bout Ballina by 13 points to nil ? Gerringong woro beaten by Wollon gang by 11 points to 3. 