Our Boonaih Letter. (E ROJ A CorESPONDENTr.) CROPS, &-c. The country is lodktng splendid and very heavy crops of mai-e can be inspected, as the rain has comeiin good time, and saved the crops. I think'that there is more scrb, down this year than has been tile case for some years past, -and what are the farmers going to put in Maie zcI What else can they put into new ground ? I think, how ever, that they are beginning to look to something better, as I see a good many of them, who are supplying milk to the dairies, are putting a let of land undergreen stuI for winter feed, which, I have no doubt, will reward them better than the snize crop next season. sTATE 'SCHOoL ADDITIrrS. The wonder of the day is when a start is going to be made with the Boonah SBtate chool additions. I am sure the school. master must have a lively tine elit w hen he gets all the children in school onwet days. RALSAY ASCCO)ODtLoAON. I hear that there is a movement on'foot to bring under the notice of the Ediiway Commissioner the poor accommeoation at the Boonah railway station. The waiting passengers are forced to sit behind thesuild. ing called the stationmasters oice ·o:~as to get out of the hot sun, as it is too hot for a blackfellow to stop in she piece where the passengers have to stay-in fact, ;jnst-think what a big pslace it must bi--a bunilding left. by 14ft. to serve as post and telegraph office, booking office, statiosnmasters 6ffice, money order office, and Government sav ings bankl Boonah is very. 'badly 'if in many things. There is not a place toput a pig or beast in and when it Ls remenibered that nbt fewer than 2500 or:8000?ips and cattle are trucked from here every year I think the Department ought ? providesome yards for them, especially as recently.when the buyers could not get trudae,the farmers have had to take their pigs home again till the trucks sme. SMDoGATE TERW The tripo o Sandgate was agreat'finaneial success, and would have given every-stis faction hadthe weathesr keptifine. A :good many passengers had evideatly-neverseen the sea before as one young ellow'living not a hundsed miles from Boonahwatheard to say, as coon as he saw the water, that it must have rained very hard all nitht at Sandgate, when there was such a flood as that I. The-weather was very mgggy, and theroads decidedly dirty, wbich, to~somb extent, manred the pleasantaess of the-trip. I haveno doubt that a trip could beotip at any time, to start froni Dugandannb'ut particulars ?i the excursion dhould be made public a fortnight before head. The one on Saturday was only known about on Touesday last, thus leaving only four days for the newsto travel to the outside people, which was too short anotice,?nd, no doubt, hundreds of others would hbve taken part in it had they known sooner. Aln AcCIOUNT. A very sadaccident occurred on Friday morning. Alittle son of Mr. James M'Beaa, the clerk of the Goolman DiviSional Board, was playing on the verandah ofMr. Bicker ton's turn~iture store, where it appears a plough was located. By some ,means the little fellow p~Ulled it over on himself, break ing his leg very badly. A FIRE. On the samelafternoon Mr. i. Bruokner had two of his offices at the saw-mill at Dugandan bumrt down through a epark fly-. ing from the engine on the ashingles which: were very old. As a good breeze was blow ing at the time, there was no chance of saving the buildings, which were completely destroyed in haleun-hour. LAWRER's OFFICE. The solicitor's office is about tnished, and no doubt will prove very useful to many, as legal talent will visit Boonah on the first and third Tuesday in each month. \- T DOAIRIES. Our local dairies are doing very well and as the season goes on and feed gets better, there will probably be a larger supply of M5W5TREL ENTETRTAIlNtERT. The School of Arts was crowded on the night of the Prince of Wales's Birthday, when an entertainment was given by the Amateur Minstrel and Variety Troupe. The concert was in every way sueeessful, and the funds of the crieket club, in whose aid the affair was arranged, will probably be augmented to the extent of £20. Every thing in connection with the entertainment passapd of pleasantly, and the performers were repeatedly encered. Messrs. W. Farley ond F. Vincent did well as bones, and Meeasrs T. H. M'Gladrigan and M. Tow made good tambos, while the interlocutor (Mr. R. Morrison) took his part creditably. Each member of the troupe wore a big sunflower during the night. The pro gramme was as follows :--Opening song and chorus, " There is a Tavern in the Town," Mr. T. H. MI'Gladrigan; ballad, "Old Village Home in the East," Mr. S. Dover; jubilee song, "Hark, the Gingle Bells," Mr. M. Tow.; song, "Tread Softly, the Angels are Calling," Miss Clara M'Gladri gan; jubilee song, " It is so," Mr. F. Vincent; song, "Tommy Aitkins," Mr. E. Morrison; coon song, " Ma Angeline," Mr. W. Farleya; song, "Spirits of the Lake," Miss May Flanigan; jubilee song, "Who Did," Mr. M. Tow; final, " Seen the Ghost," company-very laughable; selection (piano), Mrs. Blumberg; song, "Anchored," Mr. S. Dover; comic song, "The Wrong Man," Miss May Flani gan; speciality, "The Two Graces," Messrs. Farley and Tow, fairly bring ing down the house; song, "Ben Bolt," Mrs. L. Ilumberg; sentimental song, "The Model Chapel," Mr. T. H. M'Gladri gan; song, "The Baby Coquette," Miss Clara M'Gladrigan; comic song (in char acter), "Jones played the Villan," Mlr. W. Farley, encored twice. The concert con eluded with a laughable farce entitled " Slocum's Dog," in which the characters were well sustained, causing endless laugh ter. A dance was subsequently held, when about thirty couples engaged merrily for some hours in the joyous pastime. 