THE CHUECH AND EXTEMPOEE PBAYEE. A Paper read by Eev. W. Charles Ford before a meeting of Friends in Council at Brunswick, May 12th, 1896. [In what is here written the writer makes no reflection on the practice of private intercessory prayer. His remarks are intended only to apply to thepublic ministrations of the Church, or gatherings for devotional purposes of clergy or laity.] Within the last few years a practice has crept into our local branch of the Anglican Church of extempore prayer. I remember that when the announcement was first made that our Assembly was to be prefaced by a meeting of which it formed a salient part, a feeling of astonishment, not far removed from dismay, seized possession of my mind. That a body of English priests, met together for purposes of singular solemnity, should deliberately ignore the Ordinal in their religious exercises seemed to me to portend a departure of no (?nmmnn mnnipni Tlint, thp. Dhnnter-hnnsfi of a sreat Cathedral should be the scene of the adoption of distinctly dissenting methods is, I believe, unique. I have watched the experiment. I would not for one moment question the abounding piety of those under whose auspices it was originated. In their judgment it may have succeeded admirably ; it may have provoked the fervour of some, it may have widened the charity of others, it may have been a relief to a few to go beyond the prescribed bounds of the Book of Common Prayer. Forme it has been nothing of the sort. My ignorance of what the petition would be has provoked my curiosity ; it has not stimulated my devotion. The sense of criticism has stolen in among what ought to be the profoundest emotions of the heart. Sometimes a conviction of failure has followed the listening to a carefully -prepared orison. Alicays the- inevitable comparison between the effusion of the moment and the rich stores of catholic liturgiology has resulted in a conviction of weakness, of impotence, of inferiority. And the spark which has been stirred by the early oblation has too often been dulled by the extempore prayers of the mid-day meeting. So far as I have been able to gather, there is no warrant for extempore prayer in Church History. I except, of course, apostolic times. The circumstances of the Church then were peculiar ; they can never recur ; there was a special outpouring of the Holy Ghost both on those who prayed and those who listened. It was a prayer-making epoch. Their slightest utterance has been crystallised in the liturgies of the Church. But even among the apostles there were, first of all, an adherence to the Jewish forms of prayer which they found ready to hand, and next other forms distinctly Christian, which were ordained by our Blessed Lord Himself, or were almost contemporaneous with the founding of Christianity — Such were the Lord's Prayer, the form used at baptism, the form of the profession of faith at baptism, Scripture hymns and psalms, the forms of benediction, arid above all, the forms connected with the institution and celebration of the Holy Communion. ' These things,' says Bingham (Origines, iv. 196), ' are sufficient to show that even the apostles themselves, notwithstanding the extraordinary gift of inspired prayer, whether in matter, or method, or words, or languages, sometimes confined themselves to forms, without' any reflection on the gifts, or stinting of the spirit, or want of edification to their hearers. If these things be rightly considered, some of them at least will evince that the use of well-chosen and well- appointed forms are noways disagreeable to apostolical practice.' When we come to sub-apostolic times, stated forms of prayer are always and everywhere apparent. In _ Pliny's account of the Christian worship, he speaks of the Christians as ' carmen dicere,' where these words may be as truly predicated of a ' solemn form of prayer' as of ' praises' (see Vossius and Brissonius, quoted by Bingham, iv. 198). Ignatius pointedly tells the Magnesians ' to do nothing without the bishops and presbyters ; nor to attempt anything seemingly agreeable to their private fancies ; but when they meet together to have one prayer and supplication' (ibid, quoted 200). Justin Martyr uses the term Koivds ei5%as, 'common prayers,' and as he goes on to say that the bishop offered them 6-n? 5iW/«s, 'with all his might,' it is possible that the words by themselves might appear to favour extempore prayer. But we have just as much right to draw the conclusion that he meant to incite fervour and ardour in their prayers. I prefer, therefore, to think that we may interpret them according to the use of the time as we discover it in other writers. Clemens Alexaridrius speaks of the 'congregation prostrating themselves in prayers, having, as it were, (pwvriv rrjv koivt]v, ' one common voice.' ' And Tertullian alludes to numerous forms of prayer— the Lord's Prayer, the bap tismal formula, and he especially declares that the Church has added several otber ceremonies and observations. 'In all their' assemblies they had not only sermons and prayers, but also the Scriptures read and psalms sung to the glory of God.' In proof of the Christian's loyalty he enumerates the heads of their petitions in language which we know hereafter was used in the Church's liturgy. Henceforward there is a regular'chain of testimony as to the use of stated forms of prayer in the Church. The only extempore prayer that I can firid notice of is the etixh && (nwvrjs, 'the silent prayer,' which was offered,' of course, by individual worshippers before or during the course of Divine Service. And even these were not to run to an inordinate liberty. As Cassian says— 'After the psalms they had private prayers, which they said partly standing and partly kneeling ; which being ended, he that ' collected the prayer ' rose up ; and then they all rose up together with him, none presuming to continue longer upon the ground lest he should seem rather to pursue his own prayers than go along with him who collected the prayers or closed up all with his concluding collect' (Bingham, v. 27). We may admit that the multiplication of forms of prayer had grown to a burdensome extent by the time of the Eeformation. Our Prayer Book tacitly makes a like'confession. ' The hardness of the rule called, the Pie' did not tend to the spirituality of the Church's devotion, and public prayers, with other forms of worship, doubtless tended to become opera operata. It is easy, therefore, to understand how some of the more zealous of the Puritan party, and particularly the per fervidum ingenium Scotorum, broke with the old use and demanded, the direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost for the Church's public supplication. ' The people,' Blunt tells us (annotated B. C. Prayer, p. xxxv.), ' were gradually weaned from their love for a catholic ritual' by the efforts of the Puritan party, sanctioned, alas, by some of the bishops, ' and a number of the new generation were trained by con tinual controversy and by enforced habit into a belief that preaching, either in the pulpit or under the disguise of extemporaneous prayer, was the one end and aim of Divine Service.' The Prayer-Book became the butt of obscene wits. ' Tracts of the period irreverently represent the liturgy as being the very lethargy of worship; the Litany as not merely ' a stump or a limb of Dagon, but the head of the Mass Book.' . . Forms of prayer were declared to muzzle the mouths of the saints and to stop the course of the Spirit of God. ' True prayer,' one said, 'is first in the heart, then in the mouth ; but this sort of prayer is in the mouth before it can come into the heart at all. It is an abortive birth which never had a right conception'' (Stoughton's His. Religion in England, i. 393). By the time of the Savoy Conference, in 1661, the objections to the Prayer- Book had moderated, but free prayer was still insisted upon, to be used at the discretion of the minister. Fortunately for the Church, her champions were firm on this question as having apostolical precedent, and the continuous use of Catholic Christianity. With the Methodist revival there came once more the cry for free prayer. That is perfectly intelligible. Too often the prayers were hurried over till their recitation recalled the gabble of the mass- priest. The principles of public reading were shockingly neglected. The old vessels seemed (remember what a time of excitement it was) unfit for the new wine. With those remarkable manifestations, physical as well as psychical, that are recorded in Southey, in Abbey and Overton, and other chroniclers of the religious revolution of the second quarter of the eighteenth century, there was a demand for something entirely novel. The Wesleys and Whitefield were greatly gifted in prayer ; I the Biblical phraseology of the former, and the impassioned plead ! ings of the latter, produced an effect which has no parallel in our times.. It seemed like a veritable renewal of Pentecost. . . But whilst we can concede all that, we know that that ' strong crying unto God,' that 'spiritual wrestling' in prayer, so finely imaged for us in Charles Wesley's poem on ' ' Jacob at Peniel,' and so characteristic, if we may say so, of some of the earlier Wesleyan preachers, either passed away with the leaders of the movement or degenerated into rant, or the inevitably narrow and hackneyed groove of religious expression that falls from the common man. And however this may be, there is a remarkable absence in the Prayer Book of allusion to extempore prayer. Indeed there is only one — viz., in the ordering of priests, where the ' congregation is desired secretly in their prayers to make their humble supplications to God' that the postulant priest may fulfil his vows. . . In the service we should most expect to find it, if at all — in the office for the Visita tion of the Sick — there is no hint of it. I do indeed sometimes think that here a certain discretion might have been given, but the caution which marks our Church may, after all, be needed. I know that I, for one, humbly trust my last moments may never be embarrassed by the lame and halting efforts of some pious brother rash enough to think he can improve on the classic and beautiful language of our Ordinal. . . The Church of England, neither in her public forms nor her official practice, knows nothing of extempore prayer. Nay, she guards the faithful so vigilantly from the eccentricities of individuals, however godly or exalted, that upon no single occasion does she permit the ordinary to introduce into any special form of service anything, except anthems or hymns, loliich does not form part of the Holy Scrip tures or Book of Common Prayer (see ' Act for Amendment of the Act of Uniformity,' 35 and 6 Viet., clause 3); and in those services which are unprovided for by the Prayer-Book, such as those in use by convocation, by diocesan assemblies, at archidiaconal visitations, or in chapters of Cathedrals, or rural deaneries, the English mode never deviates from the ordered use of a time-hallowed antiquity. But is there reason for a change ? Is this an ' exigency of time or occasion' such as renders an ' alteration necessary or expedient' ? I am quite with those who demand greater flexibility in the use of the Book of Common Prayer — more services, leave to make them brighter . and statelier in the rendering, services adapted to institutions and needs never contemplated when our venerable liturgy was compiled ; but never, I hope, in the direction of extempore prayer. I do not see how public prayer can ever be really offered in that fashion. How am I to be assured beforehand what the minister shall say till he come to the end of his prayer ? Either then I must join in his prayer, or else not pray at all, save privately. What then becomes of public prayer ? It is nugatory, it is vitiated. But suppose he offer a petition which is offensive to my taste, or it may be even sub versive of my piety. In what case am I then ? Why the most solemn act of worship becomes a mockery or an occasion of scandal. But perhaps some lover of free prayer says, ' You have no right to suppose such a possibility. What you say would be an act of quasi sacrilege. The common sense, the dignity of your brethren, would always preserve the Church from such an offence.' I fear my experience, little as that has been, would not warrant me in such a charitable hope. I remember going to hear a distinguished dissenting preacher many years ago in England ; his sermon was magnificent, but the worship was simply unbearable. The commonness of the expressions used in prayer, the nasal snuffle with which they were intoned, the vulgar and intimate knowledge of the- Supreme Being which their renderer assumed — above all, the fulsome adulation of the great man who had come down to preach — was horrible. After thank ing God for the happy providence which had sent the minister thither, the leader of the congregational devotions capped all by ' thanking God for the rich intellectual treat that they tvere about to listen to.' . . . I have heard many good Churchmen who have been cradled in Nonconformity say that one of the greatest blessings of the Church of their adoption was the certainty that nothing could rob them of our incomparable liturgy. The discourse might be bald and jejune; the music might be execrable ; the sacred edifice might be meanly furnished : but the common prayers were a rich heritage that no one could filch, or take aught from. ' So mote it be.' Let those who are her children by birth and breeding value their patrimony not less highly. . . . There are some, no doubt, singularly gifted in extempore prayer ; let them use it for them selves ; let them use it ' seqretly' for their parish, or for the greater ' parish of the world.' In all these cases it will always be Ad majorem Dei gloriam. But when they want to lift the needs of their brethren to the gate of Heaven in public, let them do so in_ some form modelled upon that prayer which stands first in the liturgies of East and West, prior in position, and prior by reason of its author ship—the sublime but simple 'Our Father.' They will not err in following the example of the Saviour ; they will not be unblessed in preserving the Church's continuity of common worship. 