The Haunted Room at the Fos'issters' irhfis ? COMELVTE STORY. \ , »T' ij-/- HERBERT RUSSELL, Author oi "A Conflict in a. Railway Tunnel," " An Altemjit "at -. , Blackmail," &e.; ' ' ALT, - OUEENSLINi) R1QHT3 BESEnVED.l - I hud ridden on my liioyolo through tho piotiirosqiio, hill-enoiroled old oity of Bath lit sovon o'clock oii a beautiful summer's even ing, and hy tho timo that I had arrived ut Uta littlo village of Box, lying somo five miles boyond, upon tho London read, thc flush of tho suuset was dying out " of tho northern sky, and tho long shadows of tho coming darkness -were creeping npaco over tlio country around. ThorotoroT determined upon sponding tho night in the quaint village, familuu' to most travellers on tho Grout Western railway by reason of tlio long tunnol wliioh passos beneath tho hill upon whieli it is built, and .bears its namo. I hailed a rustic-looking policeman who was. leaning upon Iub walking stick at tho oonior of the snort, irregular street, arid asked whothor ho aould. recommend me to a' good comfortable hostelry. "Why, yes, znr," lie answered in the broad dialcot of the west count v; " 'eo couldn't do hotter than go to tho Foresters' Arms, just opposite ; tho old ehuroh, away dnwn yondor." , I tluinkcd him and redo on "to tho inn. Dismounting,'! loaned my bicyolo against tlio wlutu-washed wall of tho house, mid paused a - moment to admire tho soft mid tondor English . piotuvo' of tho littlo church opposite, jitamling in dark;- sharp outline ugiunst tho : expiring hoctid in tho heavens beyond, with u - .star or two already beginning to twinkle pnlo anil wan ovor tbo staff oil top of tho tiirroted apiro; a mollow-tonod boll, was sounding in trembling vibrations through tho luttioo of tho belfry, aud tlio air was fall of the shrill tweoting of swallows circling ronnd about tho dusky tower. Then I looked up ut tho hostelry. - It was a typical, old-fashioned, j:ural inu : long, low, and straggling; with ;u great signboard projecting ovor tho on- traneo, hearing tho design of what was evidently intended to bo Robin Hood in his urebor's oostuino of Lincoln gi-oen. I passed' through thu lou'-pitehotl, nnn-ow door, and oiimo into a snug-laoking bar, lighted by two or thrco oil lamps, in which wore seated somo half dozen country mon nround a long, deal table, smoking and drinking. Behind , tho counter steed u good-looking buxom ypung womun, and in tho background was a raiin iu his shirt sleeves, polishing glasses. "Good ovening," said I. " Good evening, sir," answored the buxom' youug woman, with a bustling air of hos pitality. , " Gun I have a room here for tho night? I inquired. Upon this she looked at mo dubiously for a moment. "Well," said sho, " to-morrow is tho horso show day in Bath, and that uiakos ns rathbr full. Tliero's ono room, how-' ovor — bIio paused. " Ono is nil that I roqnire." said I. " Ay, but you niightu't enro to oueupy this one," slio, exclaimed. "And why not?" . said' I. "Is it. liaunled?" "That's just 'what it is ! " cried sho with a look of surprise. "You've hoard about it?" ' ,. "Not;. I. This is tlio first time I was ever in tlio villngo of Box in my lite. Has any body ever soon tho ghost ? " "No," sho answered, '" but plenty hnvo. heard it" "IVoll, if tlio fact of its boing haunted is tho only ohjcotion 'to the romn. I do not mind sleoping in it. I am not a believer in ghosts. Still, it" Svas honest of. you to tell mo about it, and I am obliged." " Thon if you are propnrod to sleop in tho hinmtcd room we can put you up," said she. I requested tlio barman to placo my bicycle under eovor, aiul lusked to liavo somo supper. On this I was shown into a littlo parlour, . with liigh.. wninsootting and a low timhor coiling, and there reg»lod , inyaelf from a , round of cold beef, washed down by a! , draught of nut-bfowh homo-browod beor. The .young woman lingered ..in the ronnr whilst I ate, and I questioned licr further concerning this haunted chamber. Sho could . not -teU nio 'tho origin : of tho superstition relating: to it, but assured mo that most \- peox>lo who hud slept in it within lior rccullen- \- tion complained, of having heurd strange noises in tho walls, ' us though of skolotons disporting themselves, and several of. them \- declared -they hud seen vague pallid shapes flitting, about in the darkness. ' She admitted to mo, iu ponfidoiioo, that sho looked upon my resolution :iis u prodigy, of yitlour, and that for tier own. part nothing could induce her to \- pass u night in the place. ' ' YVhon I had finished mvy meal, I wont again into tlio bar, und -thero sat awhile, smoking my pipo, and listening to tho views of tlio : villagers upoh several questions ' of ' grant 'national moment. - By tho way, it is surprising with what easo your pot-house -philosopher -disposes of the : most knotty problems of tho duy. Tlion, intending in be np anil away by sunrise on tho .morrow, I rose, ; mid disked to bo aliown to tho gliost- . inhabited apartment whoro I wus to sleop. Tho hurmuu procured a candlo, and lad ma up u, narrow winding stuiroaso, whioh orcaked beneath our trend, I asked him what the ago of this hoitso whs, arid ho replied ho holioveil it to ho above uoouplo of centuries old, nnd that it was slightly famous as having long since been tho resort of a notorious highway man, -known ns Flceoy Jup. . ' " Here's your room,' sir," said . lie| and -opening tho door, he admitted mo into a bed- uhamhor of very prosaic iippoaranco, furnished with it pondorous-lookiug four-poster, giumt and naked for tlio: wunt of drupory. Tho man set tho candlo dowri upon tlio alios? of drawers, thon, 'wishing mo good night, lio wont out, olosing tho door after him. Thorn was but one window id the room, soreoned with u green frieze blind. I stepped across to it, and peered out. Right opposite l-oso tho hlaok shape of tho old ohureh, und from this elevation I could look over the wall surrounding tho gravoyard, and sco tho pale glimmering outlines of tho tombs, showing like white streaks upon tbe grass iu tlio rays of tho moon. Ha ! thought I, there alono lies u fruitful source of inspiration in tlio ghost lino. But what troubled' me moro jus? then than any considerations of goblins or speotres was to observe that largo, watery-looking clouds wore beginning to sail slowly aoross tlio clear indigo of tho sky, ns though a olmiifjo of wcatlior wore coming along boforo morning. - , I leisurely undressed myself, and gotting into tho bed— whoso framowork groaned in a most distressing inanuor to my ovoiy move ment — I blow out tho candle. Although I was wearied from tbo offeots of n ilf ty-milo rido slnoo daybreak that morning, and boliovod that I should, lmvii gone fast asloop as soon us my head touobod tho pillow. I lay for n long whilo aftor I had got botweun tlio Hhcots with my oyes wido open, storing np at tho fitful shadows upon tho ooiling, made by the coming and going of tho moon liohind tho bodies of vupour, un<l strainiqg my cars, nimost unconsciously, to cutoli any uoiso iu tho walls. But all remained porfootly Bilont, save for tho soft murmuring of tho wind, whioh was beginning very Blightly to ris'o, and tho occasional gentle croak of tho sign board hanging directly beneath my window. I hoard tho oliimos of tho cloak in tlio adjoin ing ohurob-tower strike the hour of elovon, aftor whioh I sank into a deep slumber. I was awakened by a Bubduod roaring noiso, nnd opened my oyes upon an atmos phere of intenso dnrknoss. As soon as I had in somo moasure collected my wits, I realised that a gain of wind was blowing outsido. I lay for a whilo listening to tlio gusts bursting iri great giuis against tho houBe, and manning like thunder, heard nfar in tho ohiinnoy of tlio wido old- fnsliionod iiroplaoe. On a suddou I heard a sound ns of a faint tapping insido tho wall somowlioi-o at tho liaok of tho bed : u feeble; metallic kind of olinldng, such us might bo mado by chipping tho masonry with it small hammer. 'I'he roeolleotion tliut I was iri a room, reputed to be haunted instantly mailed in upon mo, and I hastily silt up to listou, not a littlo startled. Tho uoiso eoasod at that moment, but iua very short tirao it foootrimenoed. and by hearkening uttoutlvoly, I speodily determined that it proceeded from the direction of. tho grate. ; -I amfroo to ad- . mit..that: my ficst lmpulso was to spring out of hod and tun from. tho room, for although I had given no oredonoc to tho ghost story con- ricotod'with this apartment, yet horo unmis takably; wns thttt 'mystoriouR sound of whioh tho huxuin young woman liud spoken, and who wns to say that tho noxt thing miglitnot he the apparition of somo dim, pale spectre, shaping Itself iu an impalpable ossonoo upon -the blackness P But common souse got tlio bettor of this momontary feeling of pniiio, and I began to reason with myself, tho slrauge, clinking souud moan while continuing, with uu - occasional pause in its muffled resonance. Groping for tho candlo wliioh I had placed on a clinir by my side, I struck a mutch and got a light. Tho swoop of the wind out of doors crentcd a strong draught, and tho flamo wavered fitfully, filling tho room with wildly fleeting shadows. Tlio longer I listened the moro cortain I was that tho noiso came from tho flroplaco. I got quietly out of lied, and holding tho candle in my hand, crept over to tho grate, tho hotter to henrkou. Tho wind droned and sighed high up in tho wido orifiuo of tlie chimnoy, uttering many strange, weird cries, as though, forsooth, tho spirits of tho dead lying in tho nemotory opposite wore; assembled tliore to givo vont to their lamenta tions and waitings. But tho slow, rythmiu click, click, eliok reached my ours in u per fectly audible note now, ana I wns sntisflod that, lot tlio occasion of it prove what it; tvonld, tlio sound camo down tho chimnoy. . ThiB discovery, trifling as it was, created ill mo a resolution to mako further explorations, ' nnd try and iinivo at a solution: of, tlie mystery. I was young in tlioso days, , with iron-hard nerves, and n great capuoity of patting nuittor-of-fnot interpretations upon things whioh peoplo might ncaopb as super: ' natural, und though indood my first emotion on hearing tho noiso had boon ono of alarm, amounting vory nearly to 'consternation, yot that gnvo plaoo to a feeling of cariosity. I: partially clothed myself, nnd then returned to tho flroplaoo.to liston. .Tlio "grata was of an. .unci cut pattern, with a wido' yawning chim noy, suoli as thoy built in tlio days wlion littlo boys were, sorit np aq sweeps. '. I stooped so as to clear tho edgo-of tho cliimnoy-picco. nnd put my bond into tho aporturo, grasping tho enndlo" in one liiind and tho pokor in tlio other. Tho strong damp down-draught mudo tho light .fliokcr : and. start; ,tlio sootooverod walls absorbed the fcoblo illumiiintion, unci I; could bsd nothing, .though tbo hollow, clink ing noise liowsouiulod uloso to my oar. I. begnri to stroke down tho grimy brickwork with tho poker I hold, to try and discover whether there wero any irregularities iu it, and soon found that thoro existed u kind 'of ledgo on click sido of tho chimnoy, about tliroo foot lip. Stopping upon tho loirs' of tho iivo-' \ilaeo, I wus oiliiblcd to bring inyhoudon to n tovol with thoso openings iu the wall. I hold tho candlo lis ; fur back us tbo longth of my. arm would admit to ascertain the extent, of ' tho orifiao, and by so doiug curried tho light oleur of tho draught coming down tho chimney, so that it burnt up steadily, the ledges I found went for about a uouplc of feat into tho sides of; tlio sliuit, and were like small embrasures iu tho solid riinsoury, for what purpiiso designed I conhl not possibly imagino. Tho soot lay iri u dense pall-liko covering of lit least ono inch thick upon tlio floors of tlioso openings, inilood, from the condition of the wall . I was sure that no swoop's brush hail been tip thoro for mitny ii year. Tlio ghostly noiso seomed to mo to proceed from tlio ledgo on my right. Plant ing my shoulders against tlio back of tho chimney to steady- mysolf, for my footing upon tha bars was by no means secure, (. held tlio .-candlo 'against tlmt part of tho brick work to try und uncertain the cause of this mystery. . Tlio wavering flumti fell with a faint glint upon somo dully bright object, swaying to and fro against tlio rnyless. surfaco of soot. I brought tho light close, shielding it after a fashion with tho hand whioh hold tho poker, and then to my unutterable astonishment I porcoived a stout gold watoli-oluiiu bunging ovor tlio otlgo of the shelf, with n largo hunch of coins uud souls attached lo tho und of it, whioh, as tho tiling swnyod in thu strong gusts of air .coming down from the top blinked- against the bricks and. created tlio faint hollow sound .of tupping, like an imprisoned skeleton trying to claw his way out with his bony 'Angers. This to bo sure wns a strungo discovery, and one, of a very 'different nature to what I liud expected. 1 dropped the poker, that fell .with n noisy olutter into tho grata beneath, and took hold of the chain. A small object of considerable weight was attached to that end of it which was: buriod iu tlio soot; it proved to bo a massive gold watch of very antique pattern, all . blackened und tarnishad, but in perfoct condition, so far us I could make out by tho uncertain candlo light. So hero, thought I, is tho secret of tho : haunted room in tho Foresters' Anns ; some Surt of tho lsioty muybo of tho long since opiirtral worthy, Fleecy Joe. And thou it occurred to mo that there might bo other tilings hidden in that dark mysterious cliimnoy; sol once more got hold of tho . poker aud begiui raking ubuut among the soot -.which . envorcd tho ledgo. Tu the rctioptiielo from which I laid taken tho wateli I found nothing ; though I sentped und poked into every nook and corner of it ; but on the other side, after raking about for a while, I felt something lying ugaiiist thu .wall at tlio hack. I hooked it along towards trie, nnd thon discovered it wns a small 'leathern bag, bulgy with ils contents, mid dyed to the Imo of tho suot beneath which it. had lain. My heart boat rust, fori guessed what it held. Satisfied that there wits nothing further for mo to find, I dismounted from tlio grate and got upon the floor iiguiu, blnoker than the most ebony -like of cutmibnls. My fingers, trembled with agitation 113 I untied the string which bound the neck of tlio littlo hug. anil opened it. An exclamation escaped my lips. The bug was full of gold coins. , I emptied tlium 011 tho hearthrug to . count them.; They proved to hu all spude guineas and Iiiilf-guinous, uud there wore thii'ty-niuo of them (in till. ' : I ' slept no mora that night. Having cleaned myself of tho soot iu tho best fashion \- I- could contrive, I dressed fully, and sut down to wait for daylight. Tlioy were early risers ut this littlo country .inn, anil whilst tho windy sky was growing flu-lied in tho east to tlio soaring of tho sun, anil tho uioolc in- tho old ohureh opposite was striking the hour of live, I hoard the footsteps of puoplo up mid ubuut. . I left my room, uud wont downstairs, carrying the bag of guineas iu ono pookot, and the watch and chain in thu other. In tho bar I met the buxom young . woman, Very fresh and smiling. ".I liavo discovered tho ghost," said I, "No!" sho cried. "Ilnvo you roally seen it?" . I liavo done more," suit? I; "I hnvo brought it to show you." , . ,1 thareupon jirodunod tlm articles, and briefly related my story. Site Batoned with oyes roundod by astonishment, and when I had done, bounded off to fetch hor mother, a decrepit t old woman, tho lnndludy of- tho Iioubo, who presently oppenred in a rati flannel jacket. . Thoro wus a long debate as to what should ho done with this treasure trbvo, ns I had no idea of giving tho whole of it up. - It was finally agrood that I should keep the watch and abate, together with five of tlio guinous and live of the half-guineas, tho romniiidor,to go to tlio landlady, Tlio inixom young, woman appeared to bo prodigiously dolightod at my discovery, anil when an hour later I asked for tho reckoning-, site refused to receive any .money from mo, coming to, the door to watoli mo mount iny bioyole, and calling;, lifter mens I, redo off that she hoped I would came again and put up at. the Foresters' Arms. ;' . : 