THE RESURRECTIONISTS. "B C L ... ..TU"-/ -" - ' . " [Written e~pressly for. ;'hei Guardia? .'] It may be mentioned that while Cant had comgpletely callapsed from hisi fright, Gillon in the course of a carouse had let his tongue ruh looseand di vulged the. ;little .secret of his. com panion's extreme: weakness.b on the previous night; whichi caused consider able amusement. :.. . A feeling prevailedd that these, watchersi were not genuine, and a num ber of young men resol'ed to.set watch on their own accounrt :to endeavor to demolish? or modify ';the'- villainous traffic. This was decided uipon un known" to .anylodybut themselves; and that night they ensconsed them-. selves in a hiouse opposite the cemetery; having a good view'ol.the surroundings. Three. of these" young, men; i named Gairden ;Launder,'and Hottle-therefore. took up theii: ? elf-iinposed-. task as night approached, beu gwell armed in case of eeecy. , "' As' tiniei 6r'o ??oti' t eC -ob'herred 'the presence of the"..ibodfli rf rs" when in conference with ",Guinea Bill," and their expdcitation; s ot6ome; lively w.work before them nwere heightened. ' The men in 'thewatch-house, Laing and Finister,?were som?ewhat suspicious of the actions of their companion with the curiousr'cognomen, and .had merely tasted the: proffered draught from h'i? " special" bodttle" in I-the early part of the-evening,.as.it .was their. firm con viction that it had,been drugged. Dur" n ti?: '.temporary absence of their- .suspected, companion they "planted" his bottles,:Laing suggesting. that they should alsoisecure-the fellow himself ; but his cordpanionrconsidered such a step would fridstrate their plans, and advised ' awaitinig developments, statiiig that -'the '" Guainea, boy'! might delude himself with- ith'e idea that they had drtlnk tstihe siff' arid would. depend' upon its effects. When " Guinea. Bill"'returned, Laing asked him wliether he had seen any ghosts or igiins of the '" body lifters;"' to wvhic: h t?ihete one replied -":Devil a. one. I don believe therq are ony o either.:- ; ' l'aing "'Look; sir ihat you have done "' poiiiting tb" Wiriieh~ ter and Grant, who were iia deadl sleep at'the fireplace. .Bill: "What's wrangwi' then Laiin? "Well, si, srmurder4rill -out, as you shall soon see arid it is well yosir schlieme did not= sceed upon niy' m panion.and self. 'Time is noiv ap and. we .must go.ur.round... <" . '..Bill :Ye need'inai mind.. I'll go mysell' laing i : 'Very ? ell; and don't he Iong, about it. Alt this s ex.traordin ary work; and the;tow.n, will -be turned upside down. within 24 houirs." . " Guinea Bill tliherelupon : took his lantern and'starteid oift but Laing and. Finnister.. stealthily followed in his wake to; watch -his; movements. They noticed him-deliberately wave his Ian tern three tiines,;iwhich was evidently, a danger signal: to :the: "lifters," who? were concealed behind=,a grave-stone in! the vicinity awaititig their time for action.. The watchers :of Gardenri' party also (observed .these suspiqious movements.' .!. :. Laitig anid :Ein~ister. having seeii Bill nearly to the.completion oflhis round :retraced : their, steps to": he watch-house1 and ons his :eptering pre tended, innocencee of .what -they, had noticed, asking their wily companiori whether adythifighhad tranpspired: to cause 'alairmnd- t .r :., Bill 'i?Nothing,-'a ony 'sort.. A's 'La inmb' ""We'rer.glad of that," and in an o0ff-h'and .wayi proposed: t?~ ivil! the time: at':a game"of- cards, and sug -stin" a isiboke "gidida little.refiesh: ienti~r+ Suiting thdcaction to: the ,word hI p--roduced their olrni "revivers,!! and Billproceededto oilo.wi their example Biiut tao iiiaiizenimnt'1ie, found hIs was gone...' :.f w e-:l:. ..: SBill* gyYe layiiD me ,tricksi. Somebody's tagn a~rj bottles awa "!.": His oimpaunioanggigne4 all ignorance of theaffair, and B?ll..had to suppress his ra, b.hutthe inw.ardl?felt satisfied likthat the:eontents f his sspecial bre" liad. been: consuned?y. I ;.his .fellow, watchers, and .eqisoledz himself ::with the assurarice thai the -narcoti' would aid his~ihemes-.,- -r:.::,, ''Feelingi' onfideiti of .this, he a"ain kmade ex se to go? iutside,. aiid as be fore his co0mpanion& followed.: :They saiw him hurry ;toiwardsI- the. hiding place of the ." resurrectionists,";; and this:'time.he:: wived- his.lantern only. twice iw? ihe wa pries$umed to mean :On the iody?sitealers receiviiig thel igial, thi y proieeded cautiously in the direction of the new grave. Scarcely had they starte;, when a rush was made ? iy: Garden and 'Launder, two of young .men: before: referred to an -veral "ots" having been exchanged, they sedire?': felkoi each.. -There was great confusion for a little while, dnd it' was' eventually found that one of the bodyfthieves had been tnortally wounded, while Launder had `also re. ceived a wound in his arm:.' The fusilade greatly startled: the'un' suspecting occupants of the: watch house, ' Laing and Finnestei?e:, who hastily 'rushed out, and -sooni encoun tered two of the escaping prowlers. Shots were also exchanged, but none 'ook effect, and two at all events of the would-be desecraters,- of burial around sanctity, got clear away. (To be continued.) , •, ,,:= 