1 THE FATAL RING By tho author of ?? Tho Dalryraplo Dia monde,' ' After Stormy Sens,' etc, CHAPTER IV.— Continued. ' I had no ddoa that my avgu went in favour of early vising had recommondod itsolf to you so powerfully. You will como back with mo to tho houso, now you are hero, will you not ?' 'I think not, I haliava wo are to breakfast an hour earlier than .usual. By tho way, I really in tended calling upon you this morn ing to ask you to lend mo some French novels. The library at Wyveru contains very littld but standard authors and sporting' novels,' ' 1 shall bo flighted. Oomo and choose for yourself any day you please, How is Miss Drum moncl P 'A little worried I'm afraid frith all this bustlo and preparation. I wonder why people will always make a wedding such a formidable affair? It is a regular ordeal, but,' said .Dick gallantly, 'with such a guerdon, what would not a man onduro ?' ' Truly tho lady is worth any sacrifice !' acquiesced Marco, turn ing and strolling a few paces along the country road with young Cran bourno, ' It is a triumph to have won her over the heads of so many of her admirers.' They; stood talking together a few minutes longer, when Marco having removed his glove, extended his hand saying : ' I must not delay any longer; its later than I thought. Aurevowl I Hhall aeo you again at the church!' Dick claspod his hand warmly, but as he did so ho exclaimed in voluntarily ; ' Something stabbed me ; yet no ! ' looking at tho palm of his hand ; ' there is no mark. Jt , must have boon fancy. Ah, San chez !' ho laughed gaily, ' you are not inured to early rising ; you look as pale as a ghost ! Why, man, you are going to faint! ' for Marco was trembling in evory limb. ' No— no ;' thank you ! I shall be all right in a moment. Just a momentary faintneas. Tho raw morningalrhas given mean uguoish feeliug.' Ho drew on his glovo hurriedly as ho spoke, and. they parted, Dick Craabourne leaping over tho turnstile into his own grounds, and turning to wave a fareAvoll to tho Mexican ere ho dis appeared round a bond in the road. Marco must have caught a sevoro cold to havo caused him to look so ghastly as ho hurried homeward. His eyes were fixed and strange, and his lips moved from tirao to timo as though ho was recalling somo speech of Cranbourno's and repeating it. ] ' ' Somothing stabbed mo ; something otabbed mo ! ' ' he mur mured brokenly. ' Ah, if ho only know!' J He stopped abruptly ouco, and pulling oil: his dove, drew tho ring he always woro from hia finger, and touched a hidden spring on the inner rim. Whatever tho nature of his occupation might bo, it evid entlvrequirodthonicestmaniplation, for it necessitated tho use of a tiny instrument which ho took from his pooket- book. Presontly, tho ring adjusted to his satisfaction, ho replaced it upon his finger, and drow his fur-lined gloves over his white, well-kept hands. The rain was descending heavily again as ho turned in at the lodge gates, and the gatokeopor remarked respectfully : 11 Afraid it is goin' to be a bad day for our young lady's weddin1. It seems as if it's settin' in from all quartors.' ' I fear so, ' said Marco, look ing up at the scudding clouds and swaying trees. 'Lot mo see, you English have somo adage nbout ' The happiness of tho bride upon whom the sun shines,1 havo you not ? Do peoplo really bolievo' in such nonsenso now, Hazel ?' ' 'Deod, sir, but I'd raythor it was a fine day for tho young missus to be married on, ef I'd my choice —not as I boliovoa in such old 'oraan's tales myself; but it's a dismal kind o' day for a weddin1, anyhow.' And tho old man hob blod into tho lodge with a regret ful shake of the head. ' Yon's a civil spoken gentleman enough, Molly,' ho said to his daughter, who was bustling about in tho new gown she had received ? in honor of tho wedding ; ' but I don't hold with furriuers ; there's a somothing about 'em as gives one a turn. Perhaps it is their eyes, Moliy. 'Somehow they remind one of a snake, long and sly and narrow.' ' Bless mo, father, I don't seo aothin' amiss with tho gentleman! Most folks 'ud say as ho was very good lookin'.' ' ' ' Looks o' that. Mr. Banker. Lord, lord ! what ungodly names they've got, too ' ' ' Woll, that's tho fault o' thorn us 'ad th' christenin of om ,.' said Molly charitably, running, to tho door for tho twentieth time, to see if the rain showed signs of abating 