A CEDPPEE AND in GOS- " " SEP8« She was charming— quite. Ezery one said so, even her future mothevin-Iaw. "She might have been created expressly for Wraysbury," declared that fastidi- ous lady' l"She has looks, nanners. money— fell one could wish for. Who was she?" in answer to the inquiry made by an intimate and obviously envious friencL "Mydear Julia!- what can that signify? Don't we all know that the pre sent generation stands on i;s own merits? Ibdoesn't trade on the reflected glory of the past. Mrs Cowley's merits are sufficient luckily to atone for any shortcomings in her family, who, by the way, are all either safe underground or on the other side of tbe Atlantic." Lady Camberwell forced a smile. As the sister, wife, and mother of three as arrant scoundrels as ever disgraced their ancient name and their order, she fully appreciated the foregoing speech "There is no doubt. I supposeraTwut the money?" she asked. "Mrs Cowley's, dresses, her jewels, her establishment, give the apj>earance of wealth, but then appearances are so oftn deceptive." "So like Julia! Belittling and'picking holes to -the .last," reflected her com panion. "Not In this case." she observed with quiet triumph. "T took the precau tion of senfiing.a trostworthy messenger, to San ' Francisco to make enquiries, with most satisfactory results. J have a copy of the late Mr Cowley's will, .by which "he leaves his immense fortune ab- solutely and entirely to his wife." "Most satisfacton," murmured the other, looking anything but .satisfied. "And what Aloes Nora Wynne say to it Wasn't there something between her and Wraysbury last season? I al ways thought so." So had a good many other people, old Lady Wraysbury among them, notwith standing her energetic denial of the fact. "Not at all." she protested. "Wrays bury was, civil; no mora He is the last man. I assure you, to be caught by Miss Wynne or any other damsel withapretty face and an inviting manner, who choose to throw herself at his head." Alt t,he same, Lord Wraysbury had undoubtedly paid Miss Wynne marked attention the previous season, let the dowager say what she would. Where fore much surprise was expressed by the house party gathered at the Court in November, to .make acquaintance with his lordship's financee and shoot his pheasants, at the presence of his old flame among them. "Personally, . L should have, stayed away," said little -Mrs Manvers; f'buOif I had come: I should have carried It off better. Nora is perfectly ridiculous pos ing as a lovelorn damsel, and wearing her broken heart upon her sleeve." "It's not her broken heart," but her empty pocket that troubles . her," de clared another. "Think how horribly broke the Wynnes are. and how a rich husband wo U id set therh all on their legs again!" ; "Precisely," chimed 1n a third. " I know, too, for a fact that Amelie has dressed that girl for years on the strength of her marrying well. Amelie, it strikes me, will be getting tired of waiting for her money." "Poor girl! I really felt for her disap pointment, when I saw those jewels last , night," resumed Mrs Manvers. " Think what she missed! One always knew the Wraysbury diamonds were something very special, but that cross! that neck lace ! and the ruby star !— I never saw anything so superb!" So they were, and valuable enough to deserve morq. care than tlieir happy -go- lucky owner liad seen fit to give them. For. Mrs Cowley having expressed- a , wish to see tbe famous heirlooms which were so soon to adqrn her, her lover had fetched them "himself from the bank, handed them about among his guests the previous evening, and finally locked them ; away in an inner drawer of a cabinet in the library. It was all very well to pooh- pooh the possibility of theft, and to de clare that since he had fetched them himself, and no one, not even a servant, knew of the presence in the house, they were as safe as in the strong-room of the bank. As Lady Wraysbury pointed out. jewels of such value, safe op not, ought not torbe left in a drawer, the key of which was notoriously to be found any where but tn its owner's safe keeping, and which, as a matter of fact, he found the very next day on his dressing-table on his return from shooting. - "Curious, very I" he said to himself. "I could have sworn I put the thing in my pocket this morning. I won't tell the' mother, to set her croaking. All the same, perhaps I had better take a look at the jewels." He attempted to dp. so after dinner. But what was this? The .drawer was empty! Impossible, yet a 'fact. The jewels were - gone Stolen, of course. And by whom? No burglar- The drawer had not -been forced. This was no case of organised theft. . Some one, aware of the presence of the jewels, had found the keys lying about, and liad been unable to resist temptation. But who? A servant? Hardly. Things do get about, of course. Mistresses talk to their maids. It might be a servant ; and if not a servant, a guest then? Oh,' incredible! Lord Wraysbury. a kindly,- p-edulous fellow, refused to contemplate such a contingency. The jewels, however, were gone, and ft was necessary for him to take steps for th£ir recovefry. /After despatching £ wire to Scotland' Yard, he assembled his whole household, guests. -servants, and all. informed them of the l&ss; he had sustained, begged them to look care fully to the. .safety of tbeir own pro: perty. and do all in their power to facili tate the detection ofthe. thief, for which purpose he was forced' to say that no one would be permitted to leave the house until the arrival of the police- At the same time, he begged that all would refrain from discussion of the deplorable affair, and that the programme ar ranged for the next day — namely, the shooting of the coverts round the house — might be carried out. He concluded with' the hope that the jewels might still be restored and nothing more said about them, . for -whfchi purpose, as he , explained! : looking L Qll the time as ashamed as if he had been the veritable thief, himself- the lityrary 'would be left lighted up and the cabinet unlocked dur ing the night. As it happened,, everybody was-ready enough to look after his or .Iter valu ables.- Nobody wanted either 'to leave the Court — nobody, that is, but. Nora "Wynne, who. it appeared/had Intended to "go to London; fiot tbe day on some; business or other, and was strangely indignant at her unjustifiable detention. For the rest. Lord Wraysbury' request for silence proved as futile as did King Qanute's, .far-famed command ' to the waves. Of course everybody talked, and of nothing but the robbeir- Having.; exhausted themselves in . strictures oh the careless..— hay, criminal. folly, of their host, they -turned -40 speculation as0 4fie: thief, ? ' ... „ L Now who—ybat was it first suggested Nora YYnne as . the \ pQssiWe .oulprfy? Ladyw W'lhysburs/Jn 4|er intense hostility to the girl, «orra.Gowlfy,nWh) vflianted fes remlndisomeione that - Miss- Wynne. under5 the plea ofr Headache.'had' epo-Qtrthe afternoon ; alone in- the. library, ihe oilier ladies of tiie party,' with -the exception of Mrs Cowley and Lady Wraysbury having all gone out to lunch and -walk with the guns? Or was it Nora herself, and the fuss she made about going to town, and the mystery there was over her bustagss there? At all events, her name was' menUoned. ail the more freelj because, In a fit of temper, she went off early to her room, I declaring she was sick of the affair, and would not -listen to another word about it. The field being free and open, stones were promptfo flu rig at "her- For- being poo t, proud, prcfty. independent, with ways and Ideas which were not the ways and ideas of her 6et, Nora Wynne had never achieved popularity with her own sex.''<\- And sb now first one point and then another was scored against her. She had been heard to , say that she would sell her soul, for diamonds, thai she was at her wits' end how to pay her. bills, with other speeches all pointing, as did her -low spirits and harassed air, -to urgent desperate need for money. What more likely than that, stumbling upon Lord Wraysbury 's keys — for who knew where he had left them?— knowing the whereabouts of the jewels, the tempta- .tion .of such a-fortunewithin her reach was too much for her? She pleaded a headache, stayed at home, and when ence the coast was clear, when Lady Wj-aysbury and her prospective daughter- in-l&w; set out on their drive, carried out her purpose. "In thai case she will replace the jewels, and we shall hear no more about it." was .the general opinion. The jewels, however, were not/ re placed and with breathless interest the advent of the police was awaited. "Y'p shall. sce when the ScoLland Yard man comes." they all said. But they saw nothing. A thorough search was raade£ rooms were rauVac ked;' questions asked, with no result, except the: removal of all restraint on the movements of the: inmates of the Court. As the detective in charge of the case pointed out, the thief had liad plenty of time fo.ltide the jewels. Time, careful watching, and plenty of rope— for amateurs alwaVs s give themselves away in trying to dis pose of stolen property — were all thai was needed. For the rest, he had his suspicions, as he admitted, but at so early a stage preferred to keep them, to himself. Others, unfortunately, did not emulate his reticence. Lady Wrays bury. Jor instance, who from the first had formed her opinion — a most decided one— on the affair, did not hesitate to ' proclaim it aloud. ."The Abing is as plain as the nose upon one's face," she declared; "Nora Wynne —a girl who is capable of anything"—, took the jewels. If I were Wraysbury,; I shouldn't hesitate to apply for a war-' rant against, her." < This speech might not affect her son, but It did the object of it. to whose ears it came. Miss Wynne not unnaturally resented it bitterly, held a lively pas sage at arms with her hostess, forth with packed up her boxes, and departed. Thereupon Lord Wraysbury took upon himself to animadvert in no measured terms to bis mother on the gratuitous ' insult offered by her to his guest. - A serious breach between mother and son was only averted by Mrs Cowley, who, with admiiable tact, contrived at last to smooth both down-' What a paragon br cleverness and amiability did Mrs Cow- ley prove herself at this juncture! How unwearied her exertions, how infinite her resource", in dispelling the prevailing depression ! Undoubtedly she saved the parti. It w-as she who controlled, .led. and animated the conversation, who proposed those tableaux for the Friday evening, the preparations for which proved so welcome a - distraction, and who checked by her cheerily determined dttitude- a dangerous -and growing -in-' clination towards flight and a prematura- dispersal of Lord' Wra'ysbury's. guests. An admirable woman indeed! What a sensation, too. she created when, on day, die appeared at the meet of ihe- Grasstone Hounds! Here was a Diana!1 A perfect seat. a perfect figure, a per fect horsewoman! Little Mrs S parking- ton alone ventured on a criticism of the heroine of the day. "She can sit on/' observed that lady, "that's plain enough, and her habit 4s a masterpiece- ; but can she get over a country. Because nerve amLseat are all very weU--e&s;&htlals;, 1nffec£-but one must know hoV to use Ihemf f People who rfanfcy. that they can keep in fngit with the Grasstone simply because they don't funk or put voluntaries are apt to obme to' grief.:' WeU reserve our; rap tures, I think, till we see where the lady comes in at the end of a gallop." - J! . "What an envious, carping. little cat!" commented her hearers. j Very likely.' Yet was there not a cer tain measure of truth in her ' words? For, when a fine fox elected to go away.s straight across Halesham Yale, as trappy a country -as ever . brought-, man and horse to grief, Mrs Cowley, proceeded to demonstrate iio w futile — nay /dangerous, —lis 'valor' untempered rijtk J>nowIedge and discretion. Did -she lose her head in the excitement of" the moment, was 1 she trying to show off. or merely ignor ant. of the first principles, of cross-cojupr try riding, that when helter-skelter the field made for a handy gate, or for. the two or three practicable places in- that thick big "lence at jite outset, she nam- jned her torse. right ai tbe_biggest and thickest part oLi i? Thatikp to tier light %eighVuAd-toklie fact thai ; the bay she rode -was fresh and worth every penny ; of the three hundred guineas £<prd Wraysbury had. given she, dd . getter. .Wha£wss more sb gained a' splendid start, which for a time she kept, riding resolutely on the tail of the hounds — mercifully, -with j la 'burning scent, she could not override them— up hill, down .hill, through plough, over rfdge and furrow, driving the good little, bay hard, never, easing or sparing jMm! fot a moment." Now, a - racing forty1 j minutes in the Halesham Vale is calcu— . lated under any circumstances td try' the speed and endurance -of the- j£>esL horse ever foaled. As It was. it soon bej came plain that nelther- Mrs Cowjendr her mount would see the' end of this capita spin. The bay. who was pretty? well blown, had pecked badly at one fencehgy£arrled away half another, iand now/|jmec confronted with a.stfag- ; 'gli.hfe Idge&rd; ed on the far Aide by aial and-atcfclte simply crashed half thro"ugiif(.mrrtbe hedge, breasted the Y''dVtned spmersault into the ' Lord /Wysburyylwh oj had been too far-away fo'check rae headlong career, yet quite neenqugb to witness the teB. dashed lip findJUJncee half u aPs hllf out of ned dmvn un- dejerjibrse's quartets; How alone, -ibut'a-spuHnsIght-rfor houndfthjil rtalteh a!&den;'-teiyi|fcre left afegfe "from/them— waserto -gethcr out?Y|p| rormust havegiveh him the strong® qfJ tenth en, for somehow lie did managg|& drag iier clear. There she lay.jjBfjy -dishevelled, hovered, with mud— plor&ble; object; Uncohsclous, .tooAgi&fe; \ haps -dead: .Ah, top-merciful Hearan3 —not 4Jiat. fiung himself down f by r her side! See there, on her neck/totte Jier scarf had been dragged a\\\Ty,\La brilliant spot of color— blood? He tore away the, folds/of linen— blood? Not a bit of it. From the:torn corner of a . qquare jqpie<»;Of hick which she wore under ner liahit covering tortieSk t and shoulder, 'there? protruded a TObjr -star — the ruby star, In fact — that most' a t Ctelobhated? of the toeletftfeted ?Wnaydfagnc» —heiiteoms! . w A day, indeed, , of adyentpige,4 agitation'5 and surprise for the 6ourL First, the arrival of Mrs Cowley, shaken, bruised from head to foot, barely conscious. with her habit nearly torn off tec back, yet happily without serious injury to life or limb. —No sooner- was .she safely- settled in bed than in came Lord Wraya-1 buQvloakipgike a ghost— po wonder after; tbe eajght his fiariceSjMka given:, him— to announce the discovery of the Jewels. He had found them himself In his owp cash-box, in/his .own, jttdroom, of all places. '' ' " "Either I never put.lhete in the cabi net 'at "all, o 'ohahged - them to the cash-box, and forggt hat JJiad done." he said, .apologlsipgror trieTltpiecessary scare he had raised.'1 . ' „ Was ever a lamer' story3 "heard? "Either he and .everyone Of us must have been mad or drunk when we saw him lock away the jewejsor-'else he walked in Ms-sleep," they all said. \- Never mind; he hadrtigatned his pro perty, even If he had lost his bride. For later the newspapers, recorded the bald fapt that the marriage between Lord Wraysbufy and Mrs Cowley jtfc'tfuld not take place, And why not, pray ? Ah, that no" one could tell. The- lady had relumed to America, and the gentleman had gone to South Africa on a w. months' shootffig tou'r. ' For the rest, someone did start not long ago <a story of an extraordinary likeness between Mrs Cowley and that notorious Cathe rine Coles., a prominent member of a gang of clever swindlers recently brought to justice in New York. A most misleading likeness, since every body knows that the wealthy San Fran- ciscan wjfipw.-not long after her return tb jier owp pnwy, espgiupwjA second millionaire. That the .Mrs Cowley of San Fran cisco may hoi be 'the' Mrs Cowley whs so nearly- hecame an. EngUghj»pr©6s fs ahldea;. which, so Jar, seemSgp nave en tered ,3fibody's ffcead, lexdent perhaps Lord Wrayebury's, and he has kept it to Jfiinselfi fWbtft- jdoes it signify to him, after all,? Does he not assure himself -and fifs- friends with perfect sincerity that Tic is the happiest man alive In that to has .persuaded Miss Wynne at last to- bepome, ;hls wife? — "llie World." ... 