[?] (Concluded). ' — OneprtUdly_tai morning jack, usff I Jgrai«ul -EbAdePf1 ' la eheoak, cursing the flies in unison, and owlshtnglttwrnuldxaiBiior tihafc "lOurtbo', ; ttoo solid flesh would tnelt" (Shakespeare "was evldenily thlnklnz tit nn Australian drougMr wBeilie saM this), ttrtren who sshould come panting up but PbEL The TWJiaee «p. Aldlet Eyes?" asked Jack, rfiit -pn I. dfiy'1 Hike (hlfic — '' i But the tide of his eloquence was checked abruptly. , ;.i , , "CaHos is so 111," saiSWhil, In a fchoked voice, turulie tcnye, t "(Would you mind coming to%eewm?'I' ' f t could nofrosist his pleading eyes, and went,-,|it'«pRie,'of, the intense, heat, at-; 'though. p'rlVately ' sharing the opialonl Jack' flUng. grataiitoilEly after . us. that the horse "was Coo .pampered, gnff being imolly-coddled to death. , Carlos was standing in the sbade.tif the tent, panting with the heat. He was likeJSSTaifiSieC k goddTtStithlnner than when' he won the SteeplKihase. and his hips stood out prominently. - f. "I wish I bad a cooler place for him!" said Phil, hovering .round _ anxiously. "He hasn't eaten foria week. Tou dptik think anyone bas gbt at him, do yotfT" Ss of botti you . and the Don 10 attempt of F'/Mio ' "1 'AeerJtillv. a " vhy should they? „ JTheheal;. has affected him, that's alL rd trr and get liim n hPJl he, a?l affain." 'That's xvh%t to do. -over since /VddnesdarX£aSdlkU. de> spondently; he can't. He would if he could to please me," Thnn sudyaty plutching. my arm, iri th hi|Ti ttle Sn ge rs he wfent -on fiercely, "If hepis riia| die too, and my ork -uon'y)ejfipied/' ? .. i "He's not spin? todie," I said.hastily, wonderlnghet the strange lad meant by "his work," -and df the. heat had af- fected his mind, upset as he was by Car- , los'Sjindlspppitipn.. .To distract him, I bennfifn and pulled up jL few blades of gTass7&i;)lhad"escai)M%etlng dried u'p "by thfersuh.'ferid. £t(tt c6oin: thfem in the water bucket, offered them to Car- . los. He first sniffed at them disdainful Jy, thenlpxly finished them with an ap- proving lwhinny, "while thil capered round Jhtn access of joy, crying ecsta- ticaUr,i"He's eaten it; he's eaten it" "He'll be_«li right again when the rain comes," I said, reassuring. Phil Jooked, doubtfully up at the cloudless sky, where the pitiless, sun streamed down, parch ing up evythlhg its rays touched. pbme' in time to save my flFkpfl mmirnfniiv, and .went on, without heeding my cheerful assent, "I must get bimsome grass at any cost. Tou'dtlfcesome; wouldn't you, darling?" Carlps. wbinni. and threw up .his head, asiif to say he should like it-above all thing. J J "Is there nowhere that I can get grass?" asked Phil. "You might get a little down at tbe 'Chinaman's hardens. It's a good way off though. , ,1'li ride .over, this evening, and se'e Vnaifban do for yon,1" I said on leaving him. ' " Thank you so much," Jie answered, gratefully, with his fane pressed loving ly to the Don's soft nose. - About half an hour afterwards I was lying nearly isleep ; under the 6heoak,' and Jackwaspretendlng to Tead in the in tenrdlsk>fssVretfrtttg at the flies, the heat, and tlurimiverse generally, when a clat ter of hoofs roused ane, and I heard Jack mun|iiig,rtO£"ail daft youngsters, Blue Byes takes the bun'jpd T satup to see Phil mounted on Samson!s big. bony Da- 1ilah,ulpi>earing in a cloud -of dust in the direction, of .the Chinaman's Garr dens. m "Fancy aroluntaly Hde in the' sun on a scorching day like this. Your young fttendj1s touched all light," re marked won' be back before sunset elth'er', if' he's wise and takes a rest there.JjV.i"He'U .be back before sun set, if by any means he -can hustle Da- lilah along sooner. Do you think he'll Tceep Carlos waiting forhis grass a min-' ute longer ban he canrhelg,' I said, laughing. Jack shrugged his shoulders and reynl :4o hisi book, I. went; over to Phil's tent to see how Carlos' was' faring. ..if'irho coos' thnr"?" irsHei Ji voice, and to my amusement, I found Samson, sitting mm invertedjjucket in front oirapaMM9lSe he faoei with oEf hand' ana pointedly, blvolvl at me with the other. "Friend," I an swered, and Samson dropped the rev.ol-, ver which, by the way, was unloaded, and to vary the monotony, gave Carlos an elephantixfiSfpunch, meant-or a&ind-; 1y Pat wldnjthe .latter resented , and showed his' resentment by snapping at hie guardJin'sfShirt "What me>'ou be doing?" I,- asked Samson. ' .<:. ; " Keeping giyrd over this ,'er£ trea sure,", thejtaB&wered;, . <wtfh.& chuckle.! " Afore-1 he ' went, young Phil wouldn't rest easy h> his mind till 1 swore to et \- J>y hanimal till he came "backF mi feels lonely, oh, Lor!" and here Samson;- laughed so loud that ft grated en the delicate sensibilities of liis charger, who laid back his ears, and was evidently pondering in his own mind whether he should lash out vigorusly in the rear of bite the offen- I enSiVdredtb 'sbbthe ' film. : while the unconsctousASamson; leaning; back till his head wa%angerousT>foxfrriUy to Carlos's open mouth, proceeded as If it were a great joke. "Young Phil's orders areSthat nop' a scut buLggttuecmne vi|hinS-ee of the d3imanwflnrot lovaS'en1 wn ©«jnnloa 1 dia as the obliging giant requested, and together we mounted guard over the fretful Don, who was threatening to kick down tA&C;|if9aCyRf.n "It's goitfe about three o'clock, and sure enough, soon after ills prophecy, the sky clouded over, and tain felLin torrents to the ax>. comulMe&t3;(Sr! lihtAihk'htidj?thlinder, : which iriehtefred theDon half outofjfiis -Eenses, and meto'litln n%elSe!p tUus tor' "Sirotection. : "1 wonder if Phil's In this rain,'1 — I- said anxiously. "SMSi terWtt-ftaaHtea siunson. jvbut . he's'gpftHoWBt.'np-Krfd DaliJiwftulK mi WRriM«Eu4KHib ibyhfin fibS&lla; 66uie him.'-- -. - Cgh, Mtorjiushiy BfOrtit.yrith tils exertions, a"d shi-er- jCarios's ffaanger.' , JnMjffln®iialnK (Lna »tl(rness in Sis - J : . "i. . pt . - i ''Ynn're in forj. bad -cold," T tnld liim' Severely; "brought on by yesterday Hde/- he Insisted. "Ybu'd feel the ame if vmi i>o<g g rough mare like Dallteh af- beingegjstomeito the cas&' paces, .1 snlffeil wouldn't kaye Carlosslde for atminute, till as ((tW ejects JieaS: fcE the latter became ttftrtvn k&ntle; sjJblr- tiy sclf asaiiii andhent could breathe once nbtAearjZatinihltlon fromiwT flylhg hocref <the Invai- d. ft t J Havip no|b!ng YlrSio, tfoposedf to paint i«€nd hisbllotafaYlbstb- get ha. "If you Hike it when it's finish ed, youscairhVe satd. -Phi( thanked V.ie/ aa the sin'gsLcornrieiic ed. IdSeifinS 'in Ifis rarorite attude. leading against CaHos, while the latter drelinfirout of hlslkind eyes, and swished occasionally at a disturbing fly.f Ohce, upon looking up from . miking seme ..blue for Phil's eyes, I found him /quivering with suppressed excitement, arid glaring adrcfes the track, following his look, I Saw . Enrico Di Carina, strol ling down the roa.d. "Your friend again," \ remarked ' carelessly.- Phil's eyes biased. "Don't call him that, don't, if you only knew how I hate him. Oh. how I hatfe, hkbe. jhate htin." he cried; with Increasing excitement and rage, arid all the lire and 'earnestness with which Southern . .temperaments are embued. His small hands were clenched and he gnashed his teeth in his intensity. I tried to soothe him and bring him back his usual calm depneanour. He did not seem "torjiekffme. but wenL on tri Utter ing savagely to himself in Italian while Carlos and . I listened and wnndeoed, il thinking that peniaps the Tide in the hot sun had. affected his brain. Suddenly his riiood chaijgefi, r£Udless of his capa- city as model, he fljrng liis jarm s round Carlos' neck, and kissed and hugged him. Impetuously. Tljisax cited trielSon, who threw up/bis. hsad. and whinnied loudly. "Please"— I was beginning, but totally unconscious oCmy._P£esence, Phil hastily mounted? Carlos fabd rode awiay./at a allop"'mius saddle pr-b?ldle, leaving me With brushes aSnd palette in eadi hand staring after thiem in surprise. "Beallyi I am so sorry," said Phil, apo logetically. next time he saw me. "Some times I don't know what I am doing." , "So it seems." I returned, dryly, -and I forgot his eccentricities for the time be ing as an event occurred which roused all Moonta. from its usual apathy to a state of the liveliest excitement. One morning a digger passing Di Ca rina's tent, when In quite by chance to find out if the report that 'tbe latter had struck a good vein of ore was correct Instantly he rushed DUt again, the color of ashes, and running to Jack Warren, . whose tent was the nearest, said something to him, upon which they hastened back to Di Carina's tent "Hullo, what's up." I called, and fol lowed them into the tent _ There stretched on the bed lay Li Ca rina, a knife in -his side and a gradually increasing pool of blood collected on the floor, soaking through the bedclothes in its descent . We looked'at each other in horror. The digger was the first to recover from the shock. ' "Suicide," he said briefly, pointing to the hilt of tlie knife, on which was scratched a large Initial C. I looked doubtful. "Can't be, the wound is too high up." "Then it's murder," pronounced Jack Warren decisively. "Are you sure he's dead?" I asked, beginning— what a medical man would have done at first — to examine the body. \- Suddenly, Di Civina's eyes opened. He stared wildly round him with an expres sion of terror, ' uttered a hollow groan, then relapsed into unconsciousness. This unexpected manifestation of life roused mejd activity; I sent the digger off for the nearest doctor, arid la ibe meantime assisted Jack to staunch tlie bleeding till he came. Whe;i jthe doctor arrived and saw Di Cevina's -condition, be shook hie head over his chance of recovery. Leaving Jack to assist him, I went out to find a crowd congregated a little distance from the tent. , "We'll have to wait till Di Cavina re covers, before we know," I said.' = "Well, if Dutcby is to be believed, it's attempted murder," remarked a bystan der. "What dbes Putchy know about it?" chorused -the others. . „. 'He says he saw a dark figure in a trailing cloak creep info "the 'tcrit'late last night, but thinking it was the devil did notMnvestigate further. - ( <j " ' Du tcfjg'jwas/ a halfwitted Dutch man, always Imagining h'e Faw therl. "His testimony isn't worth much," I said tesHlyT "NTo it isn't," agreed the man who had first spoken., ;But still it might throw some' light on the subject." "Nonsense, who'd believe the word of a. lunatic?? f I said sharply, turning awav. . I was jsorely perplexed. I remember ed Phil's strange behavior, and thought that, perhaps,, Jin -one pf his wild moods he might, have— but no Impossible, what could I' be dreaming of. In order to satisfy myself, I went acrpiss' fo Pbil's tent, t< see if he had heard anything. :He -was boiling the billy for breakfast, and nodded cheer fully to me as I came up. "I've got news for you, Phil," I said gravely. "Yes?" said Phil, interrogatively. "The man you dislike so much. Di Cavina, whs found; this sppniing stabbed in the side, and Is .not expected to re- covec." . ; j ; . . ; i f "i i . "Really?" asked Phil, earnestly. "Yes," I answered, feeling quite re assured. He seemed to be at thejioint of death when I left thdtentj| f| j£? Phil drdfcflMhgWllig-afi, 1 and? ajfi!- dIy beg&rato; cmp, his? Banflsi jmd dance wiifi q|rs£ iw3? I I I I W l "It is true he's dying, and I'm not dreaming," he chanted, while quite horrified, I tried to check him saying -4xjptulating&.c r. r \\. U tfigillr, n oyr, JQ i y, rnp p b pip' poor man is dying, if not dead; and remem ber resentment should not pass beyond the grave." -sUarpl on me. saying, in astonishment, ' H?3fou. wopid nptiiaye me rejoice on the happiest day of my life, when my jenemy has met with his desserts, and is dying?" i-;cHb |fJtai.#l€/last;wqrdlowJy, Rnw H. as if.it hajpleaarii souhi3: in'his 6a"rs! f ; Nblifeame.y slkL impatiently; ?It Wraabmtiap , to talk jfke mcans.jadicft to Buo'a Iqill sStlivff n jifHiuliar litllo smile.1 'il! 3'OU'JEfeBUsinai:e >so quIet and plar cjflpva; f|veri'4Wne. ; even yoyr dlslikW anS quarrels.' you do >io't. understand 'tis tadrticaBte?''''1 ''»'>» >'!'" '.? 1 : i'No.id: ainbt. icertainJS,'', J ranswered htnnHy; "ynii disliked DI Cavina When Jiving. .Well, , by thisjlrne hfi is pro- Fqrget!_never;" cried Phil vehem ently. arid shrugging my shoulders I H&iJSreUu;<5h to the doctor's sur prise, DI Cavina did not die- After a terribly anTlmiB week, when Jie mighJt slowly, very slowly, began to mend. "He must Jtave a constitution like a Ikiveg bo enable htm to do' it," iiferdE. when I questioned him about the! patient. "As it is, belli sever be the same man, or anything like it, again. Even it he lives to an old -agaheUl nepr thro\yjtf£; tte effects I £ i "Poor f ellow/tnd % syTnpatlie&caJjy.;: AThen it wss jpSejtopfed sScideg' J j?'Well, I i£ may not\ Se declines to give any information on the subject, and is most arixlous that no enquiries should be in- istifcuted." -a. "Oueer, isn't It?" yYcs; but then he's a queer fish alto gether." f ? r £ ' Next time I saw -hll be kCd, flow's Di Cavina?" "Getting on first rate," I answered, "surprised at tbe unusual amount of in terest PhU jiH£P|a3£dJn hinf>. . . -i r "Do yori-'knbWqPm glad' 'he didn't die,1" went on Phil, looking earnestly at me with bis large eyes. 'Tm very pleased to see you're tak ing a more modified view of It," I an swered. „ "Are you, really?" asked PhU. . _ ( ;Y,'reTglad,,, I assured him. . VI tbout yqprtbiaxior arid/exiriEsions when. /1 tc$d - you he bsl been 'stabbW were rather exaggerated, to put it mild ly." Phil sighed. "Well, I'm satisfied now, quite satisfied. I want him to live, even be happy if he can. There, does that satisfy you?" he asked rather pet-; ulantlv. ; . --t I smiled. , "Always at extremes, Phil. However, this extreme is far the best and more sensible," and so saying I put my hand caressingly on his shoulder. He shook it off rather impatiently, and said has tily: "TYhat do they say in the town about u?"-rr :-fr -V'> I "Well, some say suicide, and soate murder," I answered. "And which do you think?" "Well, really, I don't know' what to think," I said, looking straight into his | inscrutable dark eyes, which met mine unflinchingly. "'What inclines me to think it a case of attempted suicide is that Di Cavina "won't allow, djpyfenqulries to be made, and refnseja .to, answer.' ariy questions. "Oh, does he," said Phil, busying him self with a saddle girth. . "The doctor says he'll feel the/effects' of this all his life, even if., he -lives to au old age," I pursued. "Really? poor fellow, how sad," said Phil, indifferently, adding,' nonchalant ly: "I don't thinc it's safe to use this girth anymorej dp y<ju? It's quite worn out," andvAh&i; £nded&:he conversation.' As soon as Di CavJna was able to get up I went to see him He held out a wasted hand to me, at the same time looking prerjny. shoulder as if he expected to see someone else. ' "They tell me you were vers good .in Inquiring after me when I was ill." he said feebls. "I was very nearly done for, wasn't I?" "You must have a marvellous consti tution..- Have you any idea who the would-be inurderer-can be?" I asked. He glanced furtively at me from un der his overhanging brows. "How do you know it was murder?" he asked, sullenly. 44 That or eft em p ted suicide, and J don't- incline to the latter Idea," I an swered lightly, watching him. He tried to laugh, but a slight noise outside caused him -to start from - his chair, alook of deadly terror' in iris eyes, and clutch my arm. "What was that?" lie whispered, hoarsely. "Nothing, only someone passing," I said, soothingly. "Hy nerves are quite shattered, quite," he murmured, weakly. "No wonder, with what you've gone through. You'll be e& well as ever soon. All invalids are like this at first," I an swered, cheerfully. "No. never the same again, never. I wish I liad died instead of lingering like this. J am going to leave Moonta. I am going away back to Italy." " You'll recover more rapidly In your own country among friends," I said. "I have no friends. I had one once, but " . He paused. I waited for him to con tinue. but he merely said, " Tell them I am going away, will you?" "I will," I answered, and seeing that be was fatigued, I called the boy who at tended him— he was too nervous to be left alone — and went out. Tlie "nine days' wonder" caused bythe stabbing of Cavln& soon passed away, and Moonta 3e.-umed its Sleepy Hollow appearance. Nothing occurred to break .sfhe monotony -of life there beyond a drunken brawl, too common to excite the smallest Interest In such an everyday occurrence. The sporting Irishman. Moriarty, owner of Tim O'Flaherty., proposed get ting up a rafce/nneetJng, with -plenty of hurdles and steeplechases for his, O'FIalieity's benefit. One afternboh'I saw Phil riding along, on Carlos, but while the latter neighed and threw up r bis head in the exube rance of .his spirits, his master seemed moody and -depressed. "Thai youngster hasn't shaken off the cold iie got when he was drenched In the raito,5" I hemarked to Jack. "No. poor little beggar; he does look seedy," said Jack carelessly. "I wonder what they're/up to now," for some miners, led by Moriarty, had said some thing to Phil, apparently asking him to do something. At first he Tefused; then consented," and they all rode off together. "I wonder where they're off to," said Jack, who had watched the pantomime. "1 know," he added, suddenly; "they're all going to do some steeplechasing, and Lhey vanl hiloiu but the pace for £hefr moVes. rjjieard Tom M'Gregor be? Moriarty that his horse .was a better jumper, and they've gone to settle 5t now." » rn C-. I listened, and then said, .with a vague presentiment ojming .evil, "Let's go and see What happbns. Something al ways does when -that bare-braincd Mo riarty is concerned irilt" "All right," answered Jack, and we saddled our borsefe and 'went after them. "When we arrived on the scene Moriarty was ielate with joy,. because he had beaten M'Gregor in the jumping contest. "But I'll own meself bate complately by. this -baste, <the crayture," he went on,' referring to Carlos. "Oek, The, jewel, the bud, the darlint horse." he cried, heaping up all the extravagant terms of Endearment he cpuld tbinic'of on Carlos,/ £s only an Irisffmari could. Of course £»hll .was.ready :to jfaug him with plea sure at hearing his cherished » ..Carlos thus praised up; ond the -excited Morlar- Ay at last begged as'a 'great favor to be allowed to sit pn the tjack of such a peer less animal;' '"j&si; to hit on his back, me bhoyand able to say I've had the honor of mounting, the jewel.!' he plead- ed., and Phil at _ last consented. hut once op the impetuouSj, Irish man's. tt&jsfcst; him. . J&riMp; hip delight at being on such a good horse 4ie .--ftmring :\5vUdlyy overt tl jey hurdles, Wa finally, getting reckless, 'he j5ent Carlos, who had"5lready been round at a whrm pace before, or nothing at a tfench, withfi. sudden >4iPfjpst bplow jrlth a crash J eliding. hiflridErrvover- hi? i head. However,, the nimble Pddy was soon on' Wfe'sftet, but before we 'could tnbye, or even approach Carlos, Phil, al most fnad with terror, had hounded to boree lay oxtendtA on his slder with. Closed cvesand J&bDrcd.; breathing. "Look as. tne, Carlos ; dear Carioe, speak to me!" almost shriekbd Phil in Ws distress. The horse opened his eyes, and uttereda faint whinw, not attempt to 'Oh, Carlos, wjrnt is It? Why v®nAoUget«p?" aslttojioor Pirn piteoi&ly;/.v fcb, do somethl r him, ortellnri'mU: to do,'®hwnplor- ed. "What is ft?4' he asked faintly. "Why don't you speak? The others nudged me to tell him, and, with a lump in my throat. I said, gent- iSr. jut's io good, Phil ; his4>acks bro ken.' T A r r"j> ' - Y I JJiyfaaty uermed.' Then, turning to poor Carlos, whose velvety eyes were growing dim with the death agony which was coming over him, he said, with such .pathos that ft mtfde tears comfe Snfo dy 1 ' " Tell them It's not true, Carlos. Show them you're only tired. Don't die and leave me, Carlos." Here the lepentant Moriarty could keep.stUl no longer. 4,Say you forgive me, ted. I didn't go afher dojn' )t," burst &ft.; half blubbering. . - But this increased ,PhH'« grieL " It wrisy- fault, all mine.. 1 have killed you, Carlos." grid his slight frame shook with convulsive sobs. Poor Carlos thrust his cold nose into his master's hand, as if to impiore re lief from the agony which was consum- JngJlfim, -And uttered a soft sad whinny jts a good- bye-tohe beloved master his _fi!m.yes could lib Jonger see. Then, in one last agonising throe of suffering, he jerked up his handsome head, and it fell back Into his master's lap. Carlos was dead ! Poor Phi! was terribly out up over the death of his favorite. He went abijut looking like a melancholy ghost, as Jack TYaireri-tiblcl. him. "Y6u Seo, he was my only rrleha, ' said Phil mournfully when Jack rallied him upon his looks. ""Only friend!' Pray, where do I come 4n, Master Phil?" 1 asked. "And 1?" said Jack. Phil gazed earnestly at me l'or a mo ment, then turned away without reply ing. " How that kid does take things to heart." said Jack, looking after him. '" He's feeling pretty bad over poor Carlos," I said, sympathetically. "I believe ypu're fueling as bad. too." said Jack, wonderingly. "Nearly. 1 liked Carlos. I believe Phil's gone to mope over the grave. He spends too -much time there. I'll go after him and bring him back." Before I could got up to him J saw Di 1 Cavina coming, supported bv a stick, in the opposite .direction. He was about to pass Phil, when the latter looked up quickly, and saw who it was. Di Cavina turned livid, and from where 1 was I could see his face work ing with some inexplicable emotion. Phil, too, seemed much disturbed. He started to his feet and said something to DI Cavina. The latter replied, then Phi! said something else with a com manding wave of his hand. Immediately Di Cavina turned and shuffled away, and I approached Phil. He was sitting with his hands tightly clasped, and his expressive face showed that a severe struggle was going on within liim. " "Don't let Di Cavina worry yuU.Phil," I said, sitting down by his side. He smiled a wan little smile. "I think it is I who am worrying Di Cavina," he said; then the smile faded, and a' strained look came into his eyes. He said, turning abruptly to me: "I may as well tell you something be fore I leave Moonta." "Leave Moonta. Phil. "IVhj"?" I ask ed. "Listen to me. and then you'll know."' said Phil, with a weary gesture. "You saw me speak to Di Cavina just now?" "Yes," I answered ; "but surely he " "I told him he could go where he pleased now, and have nothing to fear from me. It was I who stabbed him thai night " "Phil!" 1 ejaculated, looking search- ingly at him for any trace of a de ranged mind. But the clear, steady eyes met mine unfalteringly , and lie went on. "I told you he had killed a man. That man was my only brother. Car los. I followed him out here, vowing to avenge my brother. I passed him by, watching him in his fancied secu rity til! the hour came to strike, and I struck. He knew who I was. I told him, and as soon as he had grasped the fact that I was Carlo's sister I stabbed him 1th his own knife, and left him for dead." "His sister!" I Interrupted. He flush ed beneath my astonished gaze, and re peated: "His sister!" I sat dumbfounded. Phil continued with downcast eyes. "My real name is Filomena Gerantl. Coming out in the ship the others called me Phil Grant, so I did not undeceive them. I am going to leave Moonta very soon, and I must thank you for all your kindness to mc." "But, Phil— 1 mean Miss Phil — er— Filomena, you are not going back to Italy, are you?" ) asked, feeling quite alarmed at the thought of parting with my little companion. "No ; not Italy. DI Cavina will be there. It really doesn't matter where I go. I have no friends now Carlos is gone." "I had hoped that you looked on me in the light of a friend; but 1 see I was mistaken," I exclaimed, witli a fine air of abnegation. " What about the stabbing of Di Cavina? You forget that does not ac cord with your English ideas of what is right and proper." , "Phil!" I cried, reproachfully. "Did you really think that could alter my opinion of you— be you boy or girl?" "I did think so after the scolding you gave me on one occasion." "WelU please think so no longer," I said, decidedly. "Hadn't we better go back notv? I am quite anxfous to see Jack's surprise when I tell him your transition from a beautiful chrysalis Jnto a stiU more beautiful butterfly." "Please don't tell him or anyone else <111 I am gone." \- I relapsed into silence, and tried to imagine what Moonta would be like without Phil. 1 found I could not con ceive even the bare possibility of being without her. Next day I met Phil with' a bunch of wild flowers and wattle in her hand. "I'm going to say uoodbye to Carlos' grave," she said," when she saw me. "Yap are not really .going to leave Moonta, Phil?" I asked, Jn dismay. "I have decided to go back to Corsica," she answered, in a low voice. : By this time we had reached the grave. I'hil placed the wattle at the head, and turn ed to me. j "Have you really forgiven me for stabbing DI Cavina? Tell the truth be- Tiieforc I go." 4 "Why must you go, Phil?" T asked. VI have notbtng to stay -for," Pbl! re minded me. : 'i" i. 4 JThe'ihoughfof losing her opened the floodgates iof my eloquence. With a pnomptltudeAwhlch astonished- myself/ /and took Phil ' completely -by -clohnvt .caught her in -toy arms -and ?, cried pas- jslonhtfely; -J . -.<« i'My d&rlfng;'Pbll.- you have" my free '<pennfssion to stab innumerable Di Ca rinas on the ' sole condition that you don't gOito Corsica; or, if you do. marry me first and take me with you." She married me. 