Smoke-Ho. ?^p £%? ifeKih, ifetjpairnB.-^a« oertifind this ^-MkinaTT^6mKitr«n^t0d-ian'«uspieion, is Buffering from thjHwrrible disease of leprosy, PROWsbJrMax-Muller can oonyersa in eiglitaen different languages, but he has not as ^y^4«w-t to^jfpi^essiumselt ifftheTozerian. _ PREMIfiB Eingiton, when addressing a _meetiing at Wallftroo, said that the people of South Australia would :«6ofa have a real live State bank. Jack Roaob, Icing of the aborigines in the distrioti, recently jwrote the editor ol-Thc Richmond River Jfitna for & oopy of that paper to be mailed to him, and oharge it to the blanky Government). DcBitJoiibe flood last week in the Maokay ^fstrioli the river rose 40f t. at Mirani. Minuter for Education D«lrymple will now see the wisdom of the aotton Tby which the Labour Party 1iadT)he Infamous Mirani^Cattle Creek railway proposals rejected. Maxui, the inventor of the murderous weapon of that-^afflftr is^oQining out to Aus tralia to make aome experiments in aerial naviitation. If Jlaxim'e air ship beodmes a ?ucceu oommeroe and war will be revolu tioniied. QpKEN8i.ANi)'fl Colonial Secretary writes a letter to the Oowritr in which the following passages occur ; — *?' As I even now verily believe, 'if nay memory is correct, '1 may however be wrong,' and 'if my memory fails me.' Drat that Toserian memory. Jack Annear's mate at the next eleotion, Bartholomew, sayg that one of the planks of his platform is 'Good wages in the State service.' Bub the question for the Mary borough Labour men to consider is what kind of wages does Bartholomew himself pay. It is currently rumoured that ;he present Boodlewraith Government, through ~Gom tnissioner ParryOkeden, is going \ to make many rndical dittplaceraents in the police foroe. Displaoemento, ib is Mid, from the private countable up to the first oubs inspector, and which are to take place gradually. Ik one of the aeoret and confidential circulars now being issued by the National Ass., the question is asked 'AVe should like -mucb -«itDOW what is the -actual Value of the assumptions of the men who claim in Trades Hall, and platform, and parliament to speak for the people?' No trouble to answer that, query. 2!t,000 votes in the *93 election. GkewhiUkikh, the Golonial-Secratary of QuEObsland must be a terrible; hand at econo mising truth when Granny CWur is com pelled to say regarding hie speech at Gymple 'Vet we havem this story bo extraordinary a misrepresentation of the facts that we can only conclude that Mr, Toeer was astoundingly and culpably ignorant of them.' There has been a coronation down WooHongoDg way recently. ' Micky John eton,' king of the Dlawarra aborigines, was publicly crowned by the mother of the mayor. In the speech delivered from the throne His Majesty said that he hoped England or Aus tralia would never be mixed up in war, but if sojhe Queen would always have his support. After which he asked for a bit of tobacco. Millionafee Astor, the proprietor of the Patt Mall (faxtte, says he discharged editor Cust because he penmdted to be published in the paper sneers against the United States and because he disregarded his wishes. Aster won't go short of literary men to fill Gust's place. Cuet will suffer for his wanly independence, but he has at least forced the Yankee mil lionaire to expose the so-called freedom of the press. At HermiFPark, Mr. JuBtioe Cbubb and family left their residence on Monday morning in a punt, for, the purpooo of seeking safe quarters. The housemaid and cook were left behind to wait the return of the punt. Both became* frightened .and per«sted=4nrwadtng after the punt. The current, which wajrrvBry strong, swept away the housemaid, Alice Hughes, who was drowned. Hsr body was. recovered. The cook wae saved. — Bncbaue Telegraph. 'AVictobi an cheque forger namod Parkin eon has a touch of humour in his method of carrying on business. He visited several con fiding tradesmen, and then dropped into the Vienna Cafe, where he told the waiters that he was about to get married,' shouted ohatn pagne for them and got some' more cheques cashed. And finally he visited, some under takers in the city, and after ordering coffins for deceased relatives got more cheques cashed. Parkinson is up for reconstruction now. A photo, plate of Olive Sobriener appear^ in » late tF&nati;** Sipnal. The author of* ' Life on an African Farm ' looks old ebm pared with the photo, which appears in her world-renowned book. Olive Schreiner still resides with her family in South Africa. She has a sister who is an active member of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, and a brother who is engaged m religious work from the '? evangelical '-standpoint. But her mother has become a Catholic, and lives in a convent. A valued correspondent writes that he attended thB meeting addressed by the Colonial Secretary in Gympie last Saturday and wants to know why Mr. Toswr is so unreliable in his statements. It's a big job to attempt to answer such a question, but here goes : We believe, when _tne Colonial Secretary first entered liolitics ~nT'was hypnotised by the devil Who commanded him to speak nothing but 'Tozere' when dealing_wjjh ijiufalic busi ness. Being still under Tmeinihienoe, ' Mr. Tozer cannot help himself. ? The Chicago Illustrated American skiter «ay«: 'Over iu Australia they are taking Mark Twain vtry rseriously, and the conse quence is that he is having almost as much fun' with the Polynesinn Yahoos as he did with the guides when he travelled ks a'-m Innocent Abroad. He han been telling the people of ^lelhourne aud Sydney, for example, that in his opinion they have Rttaiued a much higher level of civilisation and enlightenment than th« people of Europe, because there, he aave, they still stick to the slow-going lift that carries two people and a-hnlf, and you arrive at old age on your trip to the sixth floor. The journals of Melbourne nnd Sydney, nud orthe inost iinpurtant principal bowns, have lengthy lenieruon Twain's laudation of their Yankee elev'i'.bors, n.nd evon his most rollicking lectures iU'tT treated as marvels of profundity, logic, «nd ^hilotiophy.' D. Cuii'AiiO Dibbs has earned notoriety unough for himself. A rani; failure a« poli tician, he haH esi-ayori the r^le of history mnker, Roinewhut on the Dallev lines. Ho riller1 :i mnoi.iug nt the Town Hall lately to form an urniy reserve fcirce. The bik-uhkb attending tho inoeoin? may be gltiatui-J froin the A n.xtraliiin Workman's reporo of the ' H.IV;vir ' : ' Xeisrly twu hundred people wnn- present. :md in tin- groan hull (which can neat tiOOO ; per.-iniv) they luuked like a. v«»vy srnnl! ;ml !uist Mi :- \e-rv largn marble- Hopnlnlire. Toby l'liirain Wi'.- thiryuimpesl, iii.m pp?'-enti, aud Iiik physiu.-ii e.)iiformation niii« !« ? him loth rather imiike a d:-ngorous wni rior. There wen- some nl'l mrey b-nrds Irom tin- (Vi'iiU-il with gi:ut or ??viiipt 'ins of apoplexy or cen'l' deuay or sonic l,hi;n.'. :md the rent of the ,i-,idiciii^ wiin ioin po-ed '.-f :iR- d iloi'tiorf' with .!. thdiiM-ing de-sirn for ii'i .'(lv--rtimMU'jiri,, mid » lew i.-iirious dimd bi -us. Amid ' gruiU el;e:M-in(.- ' (wliiuli :-,ninded like , -i ghost's wliinper in nr. I'lupty univprne. ) Sii (li-orp' Dibbs1 motion that it wns d'sirnble fi.r hiniself ;ind :i few ol.hei aged e\ volnntep.rf! ,i:id ex-inilitjiry men to form iin iirmy reHerve iiorps wns carried.'' 