Without Prejudice. BY "THE IDLER. CHIVALRY is not extinct in the Upper House 01 the South Australian Legislature, which has just thrown out the Bill to abolish barmaids. Mr. King O'Malley's Bill was designated by Mr. Ward, M.L.C., aB "a filthy, dishonest attempt, originated by a Yankee humbug, to deprive charming ladies of honest means of livelihood." * * * THE history of the saintly Geake, the defaulting Daylesford solicitor, if worked up by a skilled hand, would be interesting reading. Who could believe that the Geake of to-day was a runaway sailor boy, then a bullock-driver, afterwards a clerk, and an honest man ? A fitting title for the novel would be Favoured of Fortune, for such he undoubtedly was. Being smart and of good address, he was taken by some Castlemaine lawyer, married a noble woman, who, by labour of her hands, supported him while he studied to qualify himself as a lawyer. After divorcing her he married again, and death deprived him of that spouse. Still his character was not known, and deceased's wife's sister became Mrs. Geake No. 3. After her demise, he made another matrimonial plunge, again meeting with luck, No. 4< sticking to him like a fly blister till the last, even, it is whispered, going to Sydney to bid him bon voyage. His utter exposure as an imposter has given a blow to phrenology, as he had a fairly good head. Physiognomically he could not be judged, his whiskers concealing his features, except his nose and eyes. The former had been broken, and therefore revealed no character. The eyes were the only unpleasant spot on his face, they were shifty, and never looked at anyone straight as honest people are supposed to do. # * # CROYDON, writes The Queenslander, does not like to lose the chance of poking fun at Normanton and one of the local papers has a good time at the expense of a Gulf medico. A Croydon paper says :-" Dr. W E. Roth, of Normanton, has compared the analysis of the Norman bore water, and finds that it holdB its own with the best Continental mineral healing waters. He advises the council to erect baths, and give the Croydon and Normanton people an oppor tunity to 'wash and be clean,' or rather wash and be healed, though some of the Croydon men who go to Normanton want a wash for the ordinary purpose of cleansing. Of course, no one expects a Normanton man to wash."- It appears that Dr. Roth, as medical officer, in his report to the council further says : " From a consideration of its analysis, this bore water bears comparison with some of the most celebrated mineral springs both of Europe and America. The water would undoubtedly prove of value in cases of dyspepsia, the various liver com plaints, constipation, obesity, hj'pochondriasis, rheumatism, gout, various skin disorders, depending upon gastric derangements and pythisis. Could the council see their way to erect a public as well as a few private bath-rooms, and charge a nominal fee for admission, he felt confident that with suitable advertisements the original cost- would soon be defrayed, and people from the various outlying and other districts might be induced to take a course of baths at what might then be termed the ' Sanatorium of the North.'" # # # THJS arrest, the other day, of Mr. Armand Jerome, writes a Sydney correspondent, gives a temporary check to the career of an undoubtedly enterprising and resourceful scoundrel. Jerome flashed on j Sydney like a comet. He dressed immaculately, and he speedily bad a circle of acquaintances com- j posed of leaders of the political, professional, and | artistic world. He affected a Bohemian style of living-had rooms at Lady Robinson's Beach, and I gave dinners at the Empire. He was a defender of ! Mrs. Mellon, and prepared a pamphlet for publication ! on the subject of her manifestations, which, inasmuch as it contained a libel in almost every lino, judiciotis acquaintances whom lie consulted advised him not to publish. Later on he took up the management of Cosmos, an illustrated monthly magazine. In the words of the song he sometimes later developed ' "a worried look," and then he disappeared. Im mediately after, discounted bills to the tune of .£2000 or .£3000 began to make their ppearance, which it is now alleged he forged. His complete disappearance, without leaving a clue j behind him, caused a considerable sonsation. The police wore so long in getting on his track that people were beginning to forget him when the evening papers one night last week announced that ho had been arrested. For several months he has been in hiding at Liverpool-disguised by a heard which covers a quondam clean-shaven face, and the substitution of a very modest attire for the top-hatted and frock coated glory of former days. It is curious how easily monied men in Australia are being duped by swind ling newspaper adventurers. In England a Mortimer i Franlclyn or one of his imitators would not have a ghost of a show to induce capitalists to trust them with money. In Australia tho giving of little dinners, and practising the Booial triolc generally nearly always prove effective if manipulated by scoundrels who have sufficient nerve and brass, especially if they do not mind risking a ahorfc retire ment in {?aol. 