SHOOTING AT A GHOST ROCHESTER, Monday. For sareral evenings an apparition lias hash observed flitting about at the hack of the rail way station. Residentsxif nervous disposition have bsen greiitly exeroisod in thoir minds over tho advent of tho'" spook," which has come in closo contact with after dark pedestrians on several occasions. The "snoolc" ' is described by those who havo seen it at otose quarters as resembling a tall woman ill black, who ap proaches' wayfarers as though about to address them, than, withoutn moment'swarning, diverges, in an opposite direction an apparition "jnVvrhlttti .Tho polioa.inclino to the belief thAt-tho-"giiost, " who is exceedingly fleet of foift, is tho author of many acts of pilfering that liaV'o been) tcojded to them lately; and is a man\in wWiaVinlotBi ing. A tragedy was narro\Vfy>nvcrted last night, and more by ohance 1 1 1 c ar y ! sn ; - f qr, the apparition was ones more abrea observed by Mr. T. Moors, a respectable" 're-si-" dent 'of the locality, lie proonrsd a gnu and took a pot shot at the intruder, hut, ns far as can be loarnod, without serious offcot. The popularity of the Sunday trains to moun- tain districts is plainly evidenced on the Lilly- dale, Healesville and Fern Tree Gully lines tho accommodation provided by the department being quite inadequate to the requirements of the public. \- 'Tho genius displayed by the Inooms Tax authorities for attaching money for revenue purposes equals that wliioh is evinced in tho most improved gold saving appliances known in the mining industry. Railway official! are being required to pay on their railway passes. Advioes have been received from Mr. Mnloney, M.L.A. for Melbourno AVest, announcing Ills arrival at Colombo, and stating that bis voysgo, although it was a rough ono, has gono far to recuperate, his health, whioh was in a very unsatisfactory state when ho loft Viotoria. Now -regulations for tho payment of draw backs havo boon prepared by the oustoms authorities to bring tho systom' into harmony with the alterations in tho tariff. The sohednies have been adapted to the revised duties, but tho regulations tbomselvos remain much tho same as heretofore, with a fow additions. A wharf laborer, namod " Honry-Toaman, foil down the hold of tlio steamer Mararoa whioh ho wna engaged in loading with eoal on Monday, and sustained injuries which necessitated his re moval to the hospital. It was found upon examination that he had received sovore inter nal hurts, and he died soon after admission. A deputation from the enmmittoo of the Austin Hospital for Incurables waited upon the Treasurer on Monday, and asked that they should be given further Government assistance. The Premier seemed to think there wore harder oases, but ho would bo distributing the grant at the end of the month, and would then take into consideration the faots placed. bofors him by the deputation. In our Fitzroy supplement, last week, refer- ring to the Exhibition Boot Company, it was stated that Mr. J. Roelcns retired from active participation in tho management, loaving the sole control to his partner, Mr. F. Burdott. It should have been put that upon tho retirement of Mr. J. Roelons, somo yoars ago, Mr, Burdott purohased his interest in the husinoss and ho- oainojtho sole proprietor, AVarncr's Ooaoh Fnotory in Little Malop- strcot, Geolong, was destroyed by firs on Thurs day morning. Tho fire ovldently originated in the workshop, and had obtained a good hold of tho buildings before the alarm was given to tho fire brigade. A number of vehiolos was saved, -but the fnotory was completely gutted, al though the adjoining promises were eaved by the oxsrtlons of the firemen. In a waterliolo on tha Glonoig River, bayond Babgnilnli on Tnosday afternoon tlireagirle wero drowned wliilo bathing. Two woro daughters of Mr. Henry Humphries, farmer, and wore agod 16 and 14 yoars respectively, and tho third was the daughter of Mr. Gilpin, a farmer. Tho girl Gilpin was drowning in tho watarholc, when ono of the other, girls went in to -save her, and both being in danger tho third went in, and all throo porishod, A settlor named D. m. Wishart wae drownod on Tuesday. Ho loft home to shoot duoks on tho Billabong, and his prolonged absenco oauBcd seareh t'o.be made. .His gun and o1otbes..were discovered on .tho. bank. On AVednesday drags were used, and his body was'dlscovered. AVliilo attempting to reoovor a duok ho had shot be had evidently been oaught in tho weeds and held under wator. Mr. AVisliart was a young .man, and line left a wifo and throo ohildren of tender ngo. Speoial steps hro being tnken by tlio police to suppress tho lotteries and art unions wliioh havs'be'en oustomary in oonneotioirwith friendly sooietiss and other ffltes. ., 'i,'ho Commissioner of Polio lias notified tho committee of tlio" Eight Hours Anniversary oolebrntion that tiisy will bo prosecuted if they, oonddct an art union in con nection with tho forthcoming fi3te. - -Agents and others holding tiokats for sale will also be notified tliat. they will bo prose'euted should tlioy dispose of any tickets. Tiie claims of a Blaokbnrn sits 'for tho new metropolitan cemetory as against that at Frankston are being strenuously advoonted in a circular letter . addressed to members of the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Henry Hsughton, of Windsor. AVhile tlio cost of railway com munication to the Frankston cemetery site is estimated at £16,500, the Blackburn sita may be purchased, the writer says, outright for £16,415, whioh is not required in cash by the, vondors, but is payable in 40 years onrrenoy debentures, entailing onannual payment, includ ing sinking fund provision, of only £828 15s. In the courso of his rambles about the city last Tuesday evoning, Mr. Adoiphus Alice, b gontleman residing at Kimook, St. ICilda-stroet, North Brighton, picked upon acquaintanco with a man, with whom he had several drinks. To wards midnight they walked to South Yarra and entered an empty house, where Mr. Allee laid down and wont to sleop. Ho wna awakonsd by his companion kicking him on the head, and though "ho tried to' protect bimsctf he was eventually stunned. On recovering liis senses he disoovored that a gold watch, a silver watoh, a gold albort chain and 10b. in silver wore miss ing. An arrest has since been mnde. . Soon af tor sunriso on Tuosdoy tlio doad body of a woman was found floating in the Yarra, near tho Botanical Gardens -bridge. The body was recovered from - the water and removed to .the . City Morgue, where it was subse quently identified as that of Mary Bentley, a married woman, 29 years . of age, who resided witii her husbnnd at 278 Mary-street, Richmond. She was last aeon alive about 7 p. m. on Monday, She was then very much under the influence of drink. AViion tho poiieo called at the residence of thohuahand of the deepa'sod to break to him the news of his wife's death ho was not at homo, and inqulrlos olloited that ho was looked up at tho Richmond polios station for being drunk and disorderly. Mr. Robert Nicol, who . disappeared from his liomo on Friday night, and for wiiom search parties have been scouring the vicinity of Grass- mure, was found on AVednosilay lying dead in a drain faoe downwards, with a double-barrelled gun beneath tho body. Ono barrel of the gnn was disoharged and the other" was . loaded. DeocaBed had apparently walked tkroe'qunrtbra of a mils from his house and than laid down in i thiev drain and -shot himself. He was in good oircqpistanccs, unmarried and aged 34 years. The -"only cause suggested for suicide is that .dcooa'se!l Was afraid of being involved in logal 'pfooqedinpa. At tho inquest a verdict was re- turnedHhat deceased committed suicide while of nhsourid' mind. V-Tho' wliorsabonte of Mr, Jamos Nolan, -wlio is wanted by tho polioo in con nection with a forged bill for £292, has not yet been "discovered. Acciised spent about a fortnight nt Portland, where ho was inter- viowed by two or throe interested parties. Subsequently he was heard of at Maryborough, whioh plaoo he loft a week or 10 . days ago. The first of tho alleged forged documents was oiroulated a mouth ngo, nnd Bincc than it is stated that thore must be at least half a dozen bills bearing the alleged forged signatures of a number of old and respected residents of tha district, inoluding farmere, graziers and others. The billB are ail for rather large amounts, the one on whioh the warrant was issued being probably the largest. Or. O. Hoinz, J.P., tho ex-mayor of Bendigo, died at his residence, IVistornu, on Thursday afternoon. The deceased gontleman Bomo timo ago hurt his knee, but paid little attention to it. About nine montiiB ngo, at the solicita tion of his frionds be took medical advice, and tho dootor aolled in performed an operation upon him, removing a mass of growth. This was submitted to some scientists in Melbourne, who reported that it was of a oanoerous nature, and that tha log must be amputntad to save the patient's life. Mr. Heinz refused to have the operation performed, a Oliineso herbalist was onllod in. and for a time Mr. Heinz seemed to improve. However, he renlly got worse, and a few weeks ago hemorrhage sot in, whioh lias been renewed at intervals! and on Thursday he sncoumbed to the ailment, Mr. J. M. F. Dowden, tha librarian of the Public Library, died on Thursday after a very brief illness. The deceased gontleman had been connected with the Library since 1878 and on the transfer of Dr. Brido to the curator- ship of intestate estates last year was promoted to the post of librarian, having Dr. Gagliardli as second in command. Mr. Dowden caught cold last week, but he did not regard it as serious until Saturday, when, on consulting his medical advisers, Dr. Butler Walsh and Dr. Grant, he was informed that he was suffering from congestion of the lungs and pleuresy. His condition grew rapidly worse, and death took place at noon on Thursday. Mr. Dowden was born in Victoria on 12th July, 1859, took the LL.B. degree at Melbourne Uni- versity, and married a Miss Tappin. He leaves two children. Arrangements have been mado by tho AVork- ing Men's Colloge Photographic Club and the Exhibition trustees to held an intercolonial exhibition nnd oongross of photography at tlio Exhibition Buildings, nnd the opening ceremony will be performed by iiis Exoolionoy the Gover nor, on tho.22ud April next. Tho oongrcss will bo open to all professional and amateur photographers of Australasia, and soma vory liandiomo prizes will he awnrded. All paokageB will be conveyed to Molbourno freo of ohargo by tho Victorian railways, Messrs, Huddsrt Parker and Co., and also by tho A. U.S.N. Com pany, if bearing special labels to be secured on application to tlio secretary, Mr. L. Hart, Working Men's College, from whom full par ticulars oan also be obtained. The Union Steamsiiip Company will also oonvey paokageB baok to Tasmania and New Zealand free of oharge. About 2 o'oiook on Friday morning, as Mr. Frederick Knspp was proceeding along tho Main-road, South Brighton, on his way to market, ha came npon tho doad body of a man lying alongside the tram traok. Though his faoe wasarashed and disfigured, bo thought ho recog nised the features of a gardener named Edward Hawkei, who resides near Mordialloo. All doubts about tho matter were removed by the arrival of deceased's brotbor, who was also en route to markot, and who identified tho body. It appeare deceased loft his home ahortly baforo 12 o'oiook on Thursday night with a waggon load of vegetables for the South Melbourne market,; It la surmised he fell from his cart while asleep, and that the wheel passed over bis. head. The horse made its way to its aooustomed stand at South Melbourno. Daoeaied wits 36 years of ago, and loaves a wife and three .chiiijrsn, j ,.Y . s 