ORIOINAXI STORY MYBferj of the Willow Farm, ; BY PAUL TWYFORD. I. ' IgiS o® hostess 'was a beautiful woman we whan we retired to our large, =, j ' -bedded sleeping chamber, the first J oar stay at the 4 Willow Farm," we ..j Rgjf l.tiu is our praise and admiration of s iij tiiera was much about this woman.that j 1$ Jibe ; and long after my three friends . 1 f,i 0 £3ieop> her wonderfully- beautiful face | c/od me in a sort of waking dream. = > j Ifo bad arrived at the farm early in the a; r, baring Bailed round from Sydney in our bb£ boat. She was a smart, half-decked ; v « i ar-rigged boat, and wo were all expert, \- .saJ j -seasoned boatmen. We had each of us j 1 rtnight'B holiday, and the trip to the , I rkeabury had for some months been j cd forward to with muoh ploasure. , j ? !r--dd to God 1 had never suggested it ; ... proved a most disastrous trip, and ; : v i ;iddened many years of my life. \- ' i I was not the oldest of the party, though : -v.-.- J-'boked up to as the most staid and circum- lf v poot ; and though on the right side of thirty -??as invariably called 4 the old man,' which I v i ddn't mind in- the least, for two of my -r-.Jriends were quite young men — just arrived ' . 4>t manhood — full of hope, good spirits, health \- j.uid strength. Both were Australians — one |i native of Sydney, the other of Brisbane— . !ind both were in the same office as myself. -v, .Oar other friend was an Irishman ; he was r | hirty-flve, but was recklessly impulsive and '! volatile as any Celt of twenty-one or two- jMuld possibly be. . He was a splendid fellow ,'jx every way ; physically, he towered above J ihe rest of us, being also stout and muscular ; _ J while intellectually he was also our superior. \- 3 He had been aj great traveller : had resided \- some years in Amaricaand had served in the . ' iiUnitedStates army. He was highly accom- \-- | plished ; a splendid mnsioian, ana a very fair -finguist. Having served in the navy myself, | 'and seen a good' deal of the world, Hubert , i O'Neill and I were p articularly warm friends ; _ f the other two, being younger, were naturally ,J|more in each other's society — though we ail i'four, being unmarried, spent very much of tj. j our time together. -O Thus we were out on our boating ex- j pedition up the Australian. Rhine, folly ' 'intending before we left the river to explore mosfc of the creeks worth exploring. We j wera amply provided with eatables and drinb- ; ables, with fowling pieces, ammunition, etc., I'lfishing gear, camera, sketoli and note books, j .'Thus we were quite independent of settlers, \- . |ror river hawkers, unless it might he for a ' 'little fruit, milk, butter and eggs, which, of "7 course, we could purchase as required. We had a splendid breeze all the way ground : and, as luck would have it, it veered round to the east as we entered Broken Bay ; (and thus it was that we made the farm so \- nearly on the second day from home. The 1 -people were strangers to us,, and it was by the ;merest chance that we stopped there, for it was ijour intention to go as far up the river as we f could get while we had the wind. But seeing ''some fruit growing'near the water's edge, wo isteered in close iirorder to Bee what fruit it ij was. with a view to purchasing some ; audit isjwas then.we were hailed by a woman's voice , 1' to come ashore. We let go everything,, . /A ancl brought the boat up to the landing place a where we were met by four ladies —the one : s| already referred to, a very handsome elderly . 'i lady, and two exceedingly pretty girls— just i| entering womanhood. | They made us .welcome at once, and we were toon busily employed among the. peach trees : arid inelon' vines, our fair friends show- zMme ns "the best fruit; and having, freely 'helped ourselves to as; much fruit as we wished, we were '. invited up to the house to "r; take some refreshment. It Was a large, old- dy- fashioned place, 'plainly furnished," hut very rtj comfortable. Seeing, a small cottage piano ijV in the parlor, Hubert, in his usual off-handed f- manner, asked one of the younger ladies to ": play ; but before the girl could reach the -j piano, the 4 beauty ' almost sprang to the ,-f >. stool and ran her fingers along the keys, and i - then selected from among severaLpieces of j music a well known waltz. Her playing I was simply atrocious ; and I noticed an un- =? disguised scowl of contempt upon Hubert's S- expressive face. She rattled on, however, \- . from ene thing to another in the eoolest man- iji ner .possible— and clearly, te the annoyance v. of the old lady and the two girls — until one ;j : of them ventured to remark that 4 one of the f: gentlemen might possibly play.' This was ji> just what we desired; for we were all proud t: of Hubert's piano playing. j The lady left the instalment with , a shade |i of displeasure on her lovolv face, though'she ); smiled sweetly upon our chum when he re- |, lievedher. The first few notes cleariy elec- f: trified our entertainers — and it was evident I I .that they were strangers to such playing. ' Then, with' the most charmiDg politeness, he asked one of the young . ladies to sing ; they hesitated ; but he way so pressing and withal so kind, that the two sang a duet— Hubert accompanying them. He praised thoir singing and they Certainly eang very nicely— for there was.no affectation in these fresh young girls, i 'Aunt'— for such they called the beautiful woman to whom I have given such promi nence—declined, when asked to sing,, but begged of 'our friend to . play something else: And -he did so, for ballad followed waltz, then quadrilles, . marches, and" airs i from tho operas in suoh quick succession, that by the time he had finished, quite an. audience had gathered, round the door— con sisting of some half, a dozen farm servants, male and female. . Once more he asked the. ' the 'Aunt '—in his most gallant and win ning manner — to sing, butshe was adament. ' Well, boys, strike 1 and, he rattled off the preliminary to a glee we were . constantly singing together. This finished . the per formance ; and we were pressed to stay all. night. "I was appealed to, and, reluctantly, I 6aid 'yes,' for I saw that both Hubert and the young Qaeenslander seemed anxious to stay. I can hardly say why it was, but no. sooner had I said yes than I regretted it— al though I couldn't frame a reasonable objection . I had observed. Tom very . closely during the muBicat treat, and be never once took his eyes off the love'y woman who clearly acted if eke was not really so —the part of mis tress of the establishment. While Hubert was more than politely attentive to' her — much as he must bavo despised her piano playing. II. Tho woman was a clover, fascinating creature; but I had formed this opinion of her : that she was possessed of a remarkably efrongwfil, and could disguise her feelings st pleasure. Tho old lady and the girls were charming; and, judging by two or three trifling circumstances, they were in some way under 'Madam's thumb.' A look from her dark blue eyes seemed to cow them ; while the old lady appeared nervousfr anxious to propitiate her in every way. I was glad, however, to find that tho young Sydneyxto, Joe Clemenshaw, was not so enthusiastic in his admiration of « Aunty '-though, like myself, he admitted her exquisite beauty. Joe was a cool card, for a youngster and inclined to be cynical ; he was of medium hoigbt, but bad tho limbs of a wrestler, and was by no ineanB a bad looking fellow. His office chum, Tom Stoinworth, was tall, fair, and slightly built, and hie face was rather feminine. Ho was a most impressionable youth ; romantic, impulsive, warm hearted Ld, generally, just such a youngster as women like to kave about them. And as I lay thinking over the events of the day, I beThonght rae that Tom and Hubert might, b- some simple mfsundorstanding, bocomo dcaiv enS; I resolved to get under weigh next morning. But my revive was fraatfated; fos- after breakfast Tom cornea to me with beaming face and lays Ids hand on my shoulder. ' Captain,' says he, ' just a word. Do me the favor to break your word of this morning about proceeding up stream ; Mrs. — - — has planned a pionic — and we must be in it. Say, old chap, that wo stay here for another night.' I was an noyed — but said I'd think over it. I walked down to the boat and began to overhaul the gear; while doing so, up comes Hubert, looking quite sad — for a wonder, for he was generally the noisiest of the quartette. ' Say, boss ; I guess we can bang out here another day?' 'We might — but why?' ' Well, we can't be churlish to such kind, hospitable people— ladies, too. Mrs. , the old lady, and the girls also— asked me if we would join them in a, pioaio to-day to some plaoe a mile or so from here.. A day wou't matter to us, any. way. Let's go with them. What say you, Joe?' This to Clemenshaw, who had just sauntered up. He nodded to ine. ' Just as he like's. He's skipper, and we all signed- artioles to abide by his word. What say you, Cap' en P Well, what could I say? I couldn't find one reasonable objection ; and of course, ac quiesced— with this condition imposed ; that we were to sail on the morrow. We went to; the picnic; some walking others riding in the bugary and spring cart whioh conveyed the provisions, etc. The person who drove the spring cart was introduced to us for the first time as the old lady's son. He was a slim built, ordinary looking person, with a mean, ferret-like phvsiogomy, and reddish hair. He. was rough and uncouth, and a clod in all his actions. Yet be was civil, though I noticed that he rarely spoke to Iub ' nieces, and when he did it was in a harsh, surly manner. To Mrs he was most obsequious ; be waited on ber like a slave.; and during the day when she was in her most joyous moods m the dance, rounders or other games,: 1 noticed the man's small, ferret-like eyes following her every movement. All through the day the woman's smiles were — as far as it seemed to me, — all for Hubert and Tom, and it was difficult to say wbioh was tbe most favoured. Of course she was pleasant enough to both Joe and myself, but ber warmth was sub dued. She scarcely noticed the old lady's son, whom we heard: called 'Richard'; but what relation they actually bore to each other it was difficult to say. Mrs was probably a widow — so Joe thought — yet. she wore no wedding ring ; but what was the old lady to her? and how came it that she, and not the old woman, was mistress ? and further, where did this evil visaged son come from? He was not like his mother ; nor were the "girls like her — while Mrs — bore no resemblance to any of them. The two girls — called respectively Eva and Emily — called Mrs Aunty," and the old lady ' Grandma,' while ' Richard' was called ' Uncle'; thus, one might well suppose that he and the ' Mistress''- were cousins— and possibly, something else — betrothed, per haps — it was hard to say. Whatever he was, she flouted him ; and whether he possessed any power over her or not, he did her bidding in every thing, in a most abject way. We spent a real pleasant day, and returned to the farm by another route, Passing by an old house, strongly built of squared stone, one of the girls-sang out: ' Let us look at your - old house, Aunty ? It won't take us long.' A withering glance met the girl's request. The old lady told tbe girl in a quiet way, that it was too late, and ' Richard whipped up the horse he was driving. But as Mrs was walking between Hubert and Tom and the latter expressed a wish to see tbe place, she called out to Richard to go on with his mother while - she 'took the gentlemen over the ruins.' So Mrs , the two girls, and we four, 'spent half an hour looking over what must- be considered one of the Hawkesbury's most ancient build ings. It was a fine old ruin— massively built, and in by no means a very bad condition 3— for several of the rooms were quite habitable. ' Again Eva got into trouble ; the girl was innocent— and honest to a fault. ! 'Would you think this, old place was haunted ?' asked she of Tom, in a merry, laughing strain. Tom started, i ' Haunted ! no— is it?' ' Eva had caught her Aunt's eye and hesi- tated. : ' So they say — but I suppose it is only a fancy people have.' ' What do you say Mrs——?' asked Hubert;' ' yon should know, if this was once your home?' i 'Well, they do- say that it's haunted:— though I don't believe it. I — a— however, wouldn't be afraid to spend the night here.' ' Nor I,' said Tom— with much warmth-, I thought. 'Rather you tban me,' said Hubert, shrugging his shoulders. ' I've no partiality for ghosts.' ' What say you, Skipper,' chimed in Joe, ' shall ;the. four of us make a night of it in this old caboose?' .. '. Leave mo out, then,' said Hubert; ; And let me stay here by myself ,' rejoined the Queenslauder. ' O, no,', broke, in Mrs. , 'all of: you are. my guests, and I can not spare you to keep a lot of bats company. Come,, let us hurry home; it is getting dark. Girls, oil this delay, and foolish talk about ghosts, is your fault.' And the woman's eyes blazed with suppressed auger. ; All the evening, notwithstanding Hubert's music, our giees and solos, , and Joe's and. Hubert's sparring at each other in a obaffing strain, there was a certain undefinable feel ing of restraint. The girls retired early, and the old lady soon followed. Richard sat on the edge of a chair mute as a mouse, while the ' mistress' sat as stately as a queen, in her beauty, with just a perceptible frown upon her lovely featares. Evidently a feel ing of depression, pervaded the parity ;, we were curious to know more about our hostess and her 'old homo,' and she and Richard as firmly resolved to shunt inquiry. 'We spoke of sailing away on the morrow, and never a word was:Baid against it, only that Mrs. , while holding her hand in Hubert's and looking straight into his bright grey eyes, hoped that wo wouldn't go early — not . before ..they were up, howevor. As Skipper I promised that we would not. I thought Hubert held the widow's -(for such I concluded she was) hand an unduly long time, while the red-headed man shifted uneasily, and Tom, with a petulant air of impatience, stood at the door-way urging us to go to bed. Richard's back was turned — just for a moment— and tbe woman's hand was lifted to Hubert's lips. Unhappily, Tom saw tbe . act, and he pushed past Hubert — rather rudely I thought — and proffored his hand to her. She gave it to him with some hesitation ; he didn't kiss it, but put his face very close to hers ; he must have whispered something to her, for I noticed that bor face flushed rosy red. We all wont to our room together, and again tho haunted house was discussed. Tpm said he had a good mind to go and spend the night there. Joo suggested that we all go, after the family had got iuto a sound sleep, ' just for the fun of tho thing;' Hubert would have ' none o- your ghosts,' while I advised all to get to sleep In order to bo up early and ready for a start after break fast. I lay awake some time ; but feeling thor oughly tired, and the night being calm and warm, I fell sleep, believing that I was tbe last to closo my eyes. I was awakened by a crash of thunder and a gust of wind, which blew the swinging caBemeDt open. A storm had come up suddenly, and largo drops of rain wore falling. Presently tho room was. lit up with a flash of lightning, and two voices asked bow long tho storm bad been raging ? The voices belonged to Hubert and Joe. Not hearing Tom's voice, I enquired of Joe whether he was still asleep, for they slept together. ' He's not here.' ' Not there ! where in the name of heaven < is he, then ?' Can't say, Cap'en ; lefa go and see.' ' What's that ? — Tom out?' asked Hubert. ' So says Joo. We must look him up, for he didn't seem to be quite the thing last night.' ' I expect he's gone to interview the spook,' suggested Hubert. ' If so, we must go too,' said I. 'Not nie, thank you,' laughed" Hubert ; ' if he's fool enough to go prowling about after an imaginary ghost in a thunder-storm, let him fool himself to the top of his bent.' I didn't like Hubert's sneer ; and told him that I was going in search of our mate. III. In a few minutes we were on our way to the haunted house. It was a terrible journey, for we ; were drenched to the skin, and at times bogged knee deep in ruts and soft places, while the lightning played around us in the wildest of fantastic forms. . We found Tom at the house ; he had been practical enough to make a fire in one of tbe rooms; .and as he bad reached the old bouse before the . rain came on, he was quite comfortable. He was evidently b'oth surprised and annoyed at us . for following him, but said nothing. The room where the fire was made! was a large ' room in fairly comfortable condition — proba bly it had been the family dining-room. We found some logs, and all three sat by the. fire, A painful sileuoe jprevailed for some time, when I caught sight of Tom's face as it was lit up by a darting flame from a log ho had thrown on : it was ghastly. . Joe observed it,- too, and asked Whether he had seen any thing. No'he had not, but' the storm had upset him. This seemed strange, for Tom was not the sort of . chap to be put put by ai ; thunder storm. ' Joe tried what a little chaff would do, and he asked again, ' Whether the ghost was male or female, and who it was liko ?' Toin raised his head at the last question/looked hard at Joo for a minute or two, and then -relapsed into his unnatural mood — -for we had never known him to act like this before. It was clear to me that he bad seen some- tbing— or thought he had and I was anxious to diecover what I believed ho would tell me if Joe were put of 1 the way — for he feared that irrepressible young man's tongue: 'Joe, the moon's up, and the weather fine ; there should he some ipossums about here, and on our way back we might knock over one or two.' (To be conolnded in onr next.) 