MR. GLASSEY AT BUNDABERG. "I have courted criticism," says Mr. Glassey in his elaborate address to the electors of Bundaberg, " but have met with nothing better than abuse and misrepresentation, and instead of attacking the policy seaforth. our opponents have, directed their attacks personally against those who advocate it." At once we may say that this sweeping statement is nothing better than, abuse and misrepresentation of the critics complained of. It is impossible to absolutely exclude personal attacks from political controversy, but for the most part the attacks the Labour party has been really damaged by have been directed against policy, not against persons. It is when Mr. Glassey makes political speeches and issues electoral addresses that he makes opportunity for his opponents. If this Government were as corrupt as Mr. Glassey believes and declares it to be, it would intrigue to keep Inrninhispositionof Leader of the Parliamentary Labour party for the term of his natural life, in the address with which, he is now trying stool win a seat in the, new Parliamentary directs the electors' attention to " certain facts which, owing to the policy of suppression and secrecy pursued by the present Government and its allies the Press, may not be generally known." First Mr. Glassey refers to the 3544 electors whose registration is now pending, and who will not be able to vote In these elections. Where is the suppression V Mr. Glassey is entitled to condemn the Government for not fixing a later date for the elections, if that is his view, but the fact that the January applications will not be put through in time for these elections has not and could not have been suppressed. The accusation is a manifest absurdity. But the address makes no attempt to fulfil the promise or justify the assertion contained in its first sentence. Apparently Mr. Glassey forgot all about his first sentence, as also he must have forgotten what was the general character of the address when he came to write the last sentence, in which he says that his " earnest desire is to hasten the time ' When man to man the world o'er, Shall brothers he, and a' that' " Impassioned orators who are steeped In class prejudice need to be infinitely careful when committing themselves to printed documents. Mr. Glassey declares that the Government has raised Socialism as a bogey to distract attention from their own misdeeds, and to terrify the timid from voting for the Labour party." So far the most significant and remarkable fact in the electoral campaign is the extreme nervousness of the Labour candidates in regard to Socialism. It is Labour's distinctive policy, and the Government force it as the main issue to he decided Qby the country. Im- mediately there is a howl of mingled protest and appeal from the Socialists. Down comes the flag in one electorate after another. The funniest " bolt" of all has been executed by Mr. Higgs, the editor of the " Worker," In his Fortitude Valley candidature. Tell it not to the valiant unionists of the Western plains that in Mr. Higgs's printed address to the electors Socialism is not so much as mentioned. Evidently he is of opinion that it is not " fashion- able in the Valley, and Mr. Reid appears to be of the same opinion in Toowong. Says air. Higgs : " We urge that you in the democratic constituency of Fortitude Valley should assist in returning such a number of Labour representatives as will form a strong and compact Reform Party, a party which will impel the new Government to pass i reform legislation, and refrain from a] further increasing the burdens of the people." Why, the Government has not the slightest intention of increasing the burdens of the people. There is neither necessity nor temptation to err in that direction. Labour candidature in the very person of the editor of the " Worker" has dropped from the sublime heights of Socialism in our time to a reform party and reform legislation. Oh, what a fall is there ! Every political party in the world is on the side of reform. But while Mr Higgs is seeking the electors' favour in Fortitude Valley as a simple commonplace reformer he has to keep the Socialistic flag flying over the " Worker." There will be two Mr. Higgins for a fortnight. After that there will be the Mr. Higgs we know so well. He deserves the pity of the Valley electors, but not their votes. Let those who feel inclined to take a harsh view of his candidature reflect impartially upon the difficulty of simultaneously editing the " Worker" in which Socialism is fashionable and getting a seat in Parliament for the Valley where Socialism k unfashionable The " bogey" is also in air. Glassey's way, but he tries to get out of trouble by describing and denouncing the " spurious' Socialism of the Government. He refers the electors of Bundaberg " to the voting of £300,000, ostensibly for the erection of co-operative sugar-mills, but really to enable large sugar- land speculators, many of whom hold leading positions in Parliament and in the country, to get rid of their estates at a handsome profit." This kind of Socialism, he says, benefits only those who live on their wits as land-sharks or interest mongers." Again : " Every encouragement has been given to the wealthy planter, cheap money as well as cheap labour being allowed him." The actual committals of the Government in regard to Central Mills do not reach a quarter of a million. The main question, however, is whether the assistance of the Sugar Guarantee Act is mostly given in the interests of small canegrowers or of large estate owners and wealthy planters How many wealthy planters in the Bundaberg district have got hold of this cheap money ? Are not wealthy planters who have mills of their own generally opposed, and sometimes bitterly, to the Central Mill system ? has not the system kept up or advanced the price of cane in a season in which sugar fell 25 per cent ? Is it not a -fictional it is chiefly availed of by and, 'if successful, will chiefly benefit the small planters V Would any Labour candidate, say Mr. Glassey himself, have a ghost of a show in the Mackay district where the Central Mill system is in the most forward stage of development V Would any candidate, escaped lunatics excepted, dare to denounce the Central Mill system in that district ? We suppose the Sugar Works Guarantee Act is part of that " corrupt class legislation which is referred to in the Labour manifesto. Now it happens that Mr. Plassey in his capacity as chairman of the Central Executive has endorsed the candidature of two Labour aspirants at Maryborough. The aspirants are out- and-outers, as witness this from their published address : ''¿tth^seliish conduct of our Government. individually and collectively, their open hostility to the most reasonable reforms, their utter contempt for principles of any sort, their glaring in- consistency, jobbery, and general corruption, have made Queensland politics and politicians stink in the nostrils of all civilised communities." There are a large number of civilised communities which know nothing of Queensland politics and politicians, but in view of the colossal ignorance of the Labour candidates in Maryborough they may he pardoned. Suppose, however, we allow that Queensland politics and politicians stink in the nostrils of the two Labour candidates In Maryborough. Grant that in their opinion the Government is generally corrupt. Now take from Mr. Glassey the belief that the Central Mill system represents part of the Government corruption. It happens that several of these mills were or will be built in Maryborough. A considerable share of Maryborough's prosperity is dependent on the Central Mill system. Maryborough will be substantially helped by the extension of the sugar industry. There, then, in their own town, is the chance of the two Labour candidates. Let them beseech the" Maryborough ironworkers not to touch the unclean thing not to take wages drawn from a jobbery and corruption fund-not to build or repair Central Mills. Yet there is not one line of that sort in their published address ! Surely Mr. Glassey from Bundaberg will pour his withering scorn on the unfaithful Labour candidates in Maryborough ! Perhaps not, though for in his own address we find this grotesquely, inconsistent passage : " Similar assistance to that already given to the sugar-mills, such as I have advocated for the establishment of flour- mills, and to assist the farmers, could be extended to the mining industry !" After all the Labour leader is a sugar-mill man-only more so ! Of course Mr. Glassey once more dis- charges his wrath against the Q.N. Bank. The lock-up of loan money is a permanent target for politicians who are inexperienced in governmental responsibility. " This money," he says, " belonged to the people, it was State property, but it went to bolster up institutions which, had they been left to the tender mercies of the much- vaunted ' private 'enterprise,' or to depend upon ' individual effort,' would have involved many of those who are responsible for this diversion of public moneys in hope less insolvency, but which, being saved by this system of Socialism, are now callously crushing the life out of poor farmers and others whose misfortune it is to be in their relentless grasp." Loan money, we may remark in passing, does not belong to the people. Not a farthing of it comes out of the pockets of the people. And as to whether or not it was prudent to save a great financial institution when involved in extraordinary difficulties, there is surely room for honest difference of opinion. We do not now ' discuss the wisdom or unwisdom of what was done here, but we may remind Mr. Glassey and his party that very much more was done by the Government and Parliament of New Zealand to save the Bank of New Zealand. Not half the assistance was rendered here that was rendered there, and rendered there, be it borne in mind, at the unanimous recommendation and under the heaviest pressure of a Government which Mr. Glassey has from a Brisbane platform described as "perhaps the most progressive Government in the world." Mr. Reeves was " in" that gigantic act of corruption and yet in January, at the annual meeting of the Queensland Provincial Council of the A.L.F. (Mr. M. Reid in the chair) resolutions were carried expressing appreciation of Mr. Reeves's services to the cause of Labour, and requesting Labour organisations in Great Britain, the Continent of Europe, and America, " to treat him as one who had the confidence of Australasian wage earners." But he was a member of the Government which, put the Bank of New Zealand " job" through ! At Yeulba on Saturday Mr. Nelson denied that any of his colleagues were in debt to the Q.N. Bank, stated that only three or four of the Government supporters did business with that institution, and explained that all the transactions between the Government and the Bank were open to the eyes of all men. This is as cruel as pouring iced water down the back of a perspiring and gesticulating orator. 