CHAPTER II." :. They "were sitting by the-seashore,', among the fragrant herbs and.under thai lee of the.moss-grown boulders. /Before*,-. them sparkled the waters of the ''wine;. coloured sea ; ber.iiul them rose. the. purple mountains fencing tlicin off from " the outer world. Beyond those hioiinT tains lay his obligations as an' " English landowner, like ghosts in the1 twilight beckoning him to leave the enchanted' garden wherein he had lost, himself," and go back to active life and civic duty—. go back now at once, as an honest man should; before further evil was done. And beyond those mountains, too,. wcrehi3 warning spectres of deceived love and betrayed trust. Sweltering in the heat of the stifling - city, that she might keep her loveliness fresh in the cool sea' breezes, her/ husband dreamed of her/beauty and' wrought for her pleasure. .But for all. those beckoning ghosts of neglected duties—for all those " dividing spectres , of sin and shame—the than,"sitting, here r oh the seashore by the side of this fair": woman, loved her/beyond -.truth .or \ honour—and -the woman said she loved him. ~ - -■ r/Hc .whs", tu'ging.'hcr,^, now," once t again •/ asbefore, to - abandon/alT for liiiu imd; love—name, place, I honour,virtuc—to give up the. husband who Jovcd hcr, aud : against whom she had no, cause of .com/ plaint save thnt. which some women" hnd in. the very marriage tie itself—to give up her social position, her light to rank among the respectable- women of the world, aud go with him . to England where he premised that she should have an ideal life for her own part while - making the glory and delight of his. " :• He urged his suit.with passion, with insistence. . She listened with a softand: sweet attention, as if seriously consider- br ing the feasibility of the plan: - .For some time she kept silence, and his hope rose high. He knew: that hesitation was the lovers fnend; and she seemed to hesitate—leaning more to the side of acquiescence than to that of refusal. At last she spoke—slowly/sweetly, sadly,' as one-making her . decision.- through - much pain, -.--.-v-v. I' lovc7.you,' she stud;you know / that I do. s But the' more-I lovc.you, dear, thc le3s"-could ;I do a thing-that ■: would put you in. a "false. positibir with? your friends.- and bring on yon their^lis-'_ ple-isure,' - •Her accent and manner conveyed (ho-, impression : of - noble self- effacement;-' hnely rc-idoicd -. :f"\Vhat-is the-, whole world- to - me, compared with one hour of your, love.?' hecned.- -.'.You m.- a desert before thrones without vou!' ■::■■■-" : _V • \- She yielded herself yet more plinntly to the arm that clasped-her, waist. ---Her ■ largo soft eyos were full of thetendorcst-. response. ■ • • Bound lier- exquisite mouth' hovered that faint: smile whereof the .. mingled sorrow, - love, and resignation are so .divine.* -Her .long, white.-.fingers ■ closed on his,with a gentle pressure that' somehow conveyed-: the sense • of con suming passion, yet of lofty renunciation.: love was ui all - her attitude,-her face;; her- form: - love was the atmosphere wherein she lived,-;the spirit-:.that she breathed; • "With such acpth of pas sionate -love how could she resist both him and herself! • - - . ' You should he so happy!' he whis pered.- You should never, know a care or cross. Jly whole life should .bo devotcd -to you. :.You should-never rcgi-et your trust in me.' - . - ' Yes, I hobevc . that,'> she-answered tenderly; ' I do not hesitate for myself." I know the life - you would make fot me. But it is for -your owu sake, darling' 7 'But-whyfor me, Elaine? Do ywi. think lam not strong enough to bravo that' miserable little thing: we. call society—that-.-company of : dolts .and : hypocrites—for the glory of your love ?r "IV ith you by. my side, what could touck" mef' ' Yes, you are strong enough - and noble .enough, my. Martin,- I know that But could I bear to see it? To Jknow that for my sake old friends had forsaken you, that you had lost your position in the county, that you were tan outcast, rather than the leader yon 'arc now ? It is a heavy responsibility 'for a woman to take on herself. If she loves, as I love you, it is an impossible responsibility.' • \ She sighed, and an unwritten world ©f tenderness made that sigh a caress. She did not say aloud, however, what 'she thought within herself, that the 'consequences she deprecated for him; would be insupportable for herself. She,; of all women, was least able to follow fo its practical outcome that misleading yd saying about the ' AVorld well lost for love.' She liked the world and intrigue better than she loved love. >The pleasures of society entranced her: its vanities were the objects of her serious ambition. She rejoiced in the number of men whom she could inflame fo passion and reduce to despair, and Vtnmgtheir names on her secret ehaplet "as so many heads on a poisoned string. 'jftTicnshe entered the crowded drawing rooms of Boris it was delight unspeak able to see how her beauty made strong: rn.cn grow pale, and to hear that strange : 'catching of the breath which is as eloquent as applause, when she swept by. To know that no woman in the i ■whole of that mad city could stand as iter rival and conic out victorious iihat the most loyal man could not hold fost by his honour if she beckoned him ;t0 yield—that through all the dangers 'of her hidden life she possessed a kind of self-protecting charm which not the wildest nature among them all dared 'to revenge or betray—what greater 'triumph could the most queenly splen dour give her ? } And to give up this life of hers, such as it was, for the sake of one only, was "a sacrifice she would not have made, let jthat one have been tlic king on his throne. Certainly she would not for Martin. Harrowby of Hayes Hill, the young English squire whom she had taken for her pastime, held for so long !as it suited her convenience, and now was bound to get rid of. f The moment was dangerous. Martin had become importunate and unreason able, not recognising the logic of cir cumstances, and demanding the im possible ; and Elaine's husband, Jacques Courenlles, was coming now, on the instant, to Mentone. This was the bust time these two could meet together in security. They must separate; or Martin must consent Jto he discreet and wise ; or, that third way, hut the impossible'. she must do as he praved, and go og to England with him* prepared to brave all the sordid consequences of her romantic Sacrifice. This was what .he desired,, fold this was what she had not the I ■smallest, intention of doing. If she had! '.Tun awav with all the men who had [ '-.sl-rd her as fervently as poor Martin [ prayed her" now! She hod had more Cense, and so had preserved herself; and by this time those others had either ]&ied; or consoled themselves, and she was free of them. j But she knew that she must tem porise with a man like Martin Har Srowby, and refrain from aught like self «_tjconsideration. Heriefusal must be based 'on the highest grounds of unselfish love, 'and it must convey the disrinctimpreasion "of self-abnegation for that love's sake. Martin—blind, obstinate, pertinacious, 'as the sincere lover always is—would pot accept this decision. The AY orld Sybil Lost was a truth of truths to him; "and, confident as youth and love to gether make a man, he felt sure that he could give up all that nmkes life worth living to the normal English gentleman, End yet be happy—having her. Tl-at Whe should hold by the things which he was so ready to renounce, never entered foto his honest head to conceive. Love Would not have the prepotency it has Were it not for its marvellous egotism— Its sublime belief in its power to ogend Wan, God, and the law, and to live vic torious over circumstances, and sublimely unrepentant to the end. s' AA'onld that he such a trial to me as to lose you? said Martin, in the voice Wherein a man's very soul speaks. \- 1 Would the loss of a few friends and icquaintances be equal to the blank pisery of a life without you? Is this the despair to which you are going to xmdemn me, Elaine? And all for a inlse Action of regard for me I' ' And condemn myself to the same despair,' slio answered gently. ' But it must be; and some day you will thank and bless me, and say that I did well, and .proved myself your best friend.' ' Never,' cried Martin, a little wildly. 'I shall say to the end that you have ruined my life. It would be worse than murder. That, at least, would bo soon over. This cruelty will be for all time.' She looked grave—grave even to dis pleasure. But she was still gentle, as one who would- not let her wrath lie heavy on maybe a too passionate pleader :—but then, how devoted and adoring a lover. 'That is a terrible accusation,' she said. ' But that I can bear, for your sake. I appeal from the present to the future, and the future will judge me fairly.' ' What can I say to make you alter your decision ? said Martin, clenching his hand till he dug the nails into the j palm. ' Nothing, dear. To make me alter it would be to change my whole nature. Tou must first make me selfish and in considerate. I have done you enough wrong, my darling, in loving you—in letting you love me. I must not add to it your social ruin. Mine has been the sin, mine must be the burden; for I need hardly say to you what my life will be without you.' As she said this she turned her eyes full upon him—those wonderful eyes, soft and brown and velvet like, which knew so well how to 'sweep the very soul out of a man! ' Don't!' cried Martin. -' My God, if you look like that, I shall go mad 1' She put up her hand, and hastily brushed away the tears that had gathered within the lids and were ready to fall. She had that power; as she had the power of checking her pulse, so that 'she could become white and faint at will. ' If you grieve so much, what shall I do? she cried. ' It makes it so hard to bear!' . V 'I am a brute!' said poor Martin, struck with the sense: of selfishness. ' I can only excuse myself by saying how much I love you. It makes me forget myself.' , ' Your best self,' she said gently. ' But to leave you for ever—1 cannot bear it!' said Martin, going back on the central point of his despair. ' Better sorrow- than the sin of 'your disgrace,' she almost whispered. 'Mine!-mine! Why do you forever talk only of mine!' he said. 'Talk to me of yours, and there would be some thing in it! I can understand that. To give you up for yourself—to keep your name free from scandal—to know you always on the crest of the wave, as the beautiful and peerless queen you are, that I can understand, as I say. But for myself, Elaine—to put anything in comparison with you—fortune, name, friends, anything you will—it is blasphemy!' 'Well, then,' she answered, as if making a sudden concession; ' think of me—and spare me.' Again she looked at him, her eyes belying her words ; for her eyes spoke of love for him, and her words were for herself. It almost seemed, tod; as if those eyes asked him how much he believed of her protestation. ' For yourself, for your good,- your peace, I could doanj-thing,' said Martin, slowly. ' I would go to the stake for your sake ; and it is worse than the stake to live without you.' ' Brave and good—-I knew that!' said Elaine. Then, with a deep sigh, she closed her beautiful eyes, became' white as the white rose at her throat, and leaned back against her lover, as if too faint and weak with emotion to sit upright. And now she had conquered, and poor rash Martin was subdued. He saw that the trial was too much for her. He saw how terribly it shook her to renounce him, to resist his pleadings, to deny her own heart; but he saw, too, as she wished he should, that she was resolute, and that it was best for her. So long as it was the question only of his wordly loss, he could combat and entreat. When it touched herself, he was necessarily mute. And Elaine smiled to herself, congratulating herself on her cleverness and the skill with which she had skirted by and averted, a very great and pressing danger. It wns not often that alio had drifted into such a perilous position. For the most part she had found her lovers more men of the world, and therefore easier to manage than Martin had proved himself to bo.' It must be a warning to her in the future. She must play with a longer line, and not run such a close risk again. Meanwhile, she was safe ; and her importunate lover was shaken off. By that evening's train Martin Har rowby went forth into the wilds of the world and the1 desolation of life—his happiness wrecked, his hopes cut down to the roots, all his past a dream, all his future despair. The whole thing was at an end for him; and more than once he speculated on the good of ending his life as well as his hope. Why should he live ? , Bankrupt in all that makes life of value, why should he decline on the miserable pittance left over—the pittance of mere existence void of love, void of hope, void of happiness and interest? But he was young; and youth, which suffers so much more keenly than age, has also more unconscious compensation in its more solid ties to earth. Un spoken and unformulated, the vague possibilities of the future hover like mys of distant light in the mind. There on the horizon, broods somc I where that divine Bird of God who shall restore all things. We do not know its name, -nor its shape, nor where it bides, nor how it goes; but we believe that it is there, and that some day it will fly into our bosom and abide with us to the end. Were it not for this vague conscious ness of future hearing, tormented youth could not live through its various stages of torture; and the first love trouble would be the last. But that secret spring which keeps the world fruitful, promises that in the future the present desert shall once more blossom like a rose, and that all can never be forgotten, something at least shall be redeemed. ■ [to be costixoed sett week.] Mrs. Elizabeth Stokes, - aged GG, 'died suddenly at her residence in Grace street, Valley, on July 23. A postmortem examina tion will be held. 