A DISTILLERY GHOST. It is not necessary to this story that J con jugate hiy verb " to bo " in the past tense. In fact it is. a painful subjeottomo, so I will merely say tnat I am a tramp, of interest to no one, except by chanco to tho farmer's dog or to tho police. On the partioular day ot which I speak I had been walldng slnco sunrise along roads whero tho hot dust spurted under my shuffling steps, and where tho'sightofa solitary blotch of shade was as grateful as the oUnk of Ice to tho thirsty. " I carried a companion in mypooket, a little flat, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too Insistent", I raised to my Hps that mouth which alone oall others had been constant to me— tho mouth of tho bottlo. Towards afternoon, £8 I marohed doggedly along, I becamo aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow over my shoulder, and glancing about I saw that a storm was beat ing up behind me. 33y some malovolont inspiration I remem bered having bend that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favorite resting, placo for travellers of my description. 'Not far abend was. a clump of pine trees, and behind them rose the outlines of nn old chimney. I hurried\ towards tho place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds, and, suro enough, thero stood tho building of whioh I was in search, its sagging roof and bursting walls grccowith ago. There wore two holes ripped in tho roof, staring deep and empty as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the door just in timo, for tbo next moment the rain cume roaring down stright as melted lead. fIt must havo been a dismal placo at best, but now, under the tbiok sky and drumming raindrops, it was particularly dispiriting, Thero wero two rooms on tho lower floor with no visible means of communication but a wide window set in tho wall. Tho glass panes wero un broken, and tho room behind was perfectly dark. Connecting theao rooms with the attic was a ricketty staircaso. The earthen floor was covered with a dank mesh of palo grass-blades, I cowered against the wall while the storm boomed and crackled over my head, closing my eyes from timo to timo against tho ithock of white fire that darted through tho ohlnks nnd under tho dQor. Presently, as I sat with my hot lids drawn "down, I felt a startling sonse of someone looking nt mo ; I turned quickly towards tho window of which 1 have -spokon, and thero, pressed against tho dark gia3S was a faco, peering at mo steadily. Oh, tho horror ot that faco I for, as 1 looked, tho outllnos began to chango and grow, liko some great colorless jelly— a soft, human jelly oozing nnd spread ing aoross tho panc3. I shut my oves, nnd mv lieart battered my ribs. Again I looked, still tho faoe was there, only this timo tho slaok mouth drow back in n Biokcning smile, nnd it ran out its bluo tongue, liokiug its looso lips quietly. I started to my feet with n cry, and as I did so the window began to slide up. I dropped to tho floor weak with fear, and tho. sash foil into placo again. Then I realized that I must Ho thoro, absolutely still, for if I roso, tho window rose, too— lie thero and look, whilo that faco leered at mo from behind the glass. By- and-byo it began to movo with a flaccid, gelatinous swaying. I saw it bend over ami raise something from tbo floor,, something that had been a man, but now bung quiot Hmply in its mouth. It pressed tho body.agalnst tho window, lnugh- log silently, and I Baw— myself 1 God liolp me I for tho first time in this world I looked into my own fncc. My own face did I say ? No, no.l Sonic bloated animal, purplo, pimpled, with eyeballs so'blood-sbot that thoy seemed to bo staring through a web ol rca lacc. How long I lay thero I can not tell. At Inst I moved, audmy hand touched some thing cold ; it was uiy bottle, tho companion of my wnndoringsV. I held it' up nnd saw that thero was still a drop or two in it. I drained Ifto tho drcg9, and tho glad flro warmed mo and made mo strong. At that moment tho Thing began to raise its nailid. horrible feelers, twistinir them about tho body it hcid, snapping the limbs off and droping thorn Into its- mouth, whero tho bluo tonguo caressed them hungrily. It had finished its meal, but it still kept.its vague oyes on mo, and then I realised tnat I was moving, slipping quietly towards it! I clutchftdat tho rotting stop, and thoy cruniblcd to brown powder In my bands. I ground my fingers into the earth until thero was a trail of bloody mud after ms. Then I made ono superhuman effort,- dashed up tho Swaying staircase, and broko into tho attia. I slammed tho door and throw myself against it, for I had seen that acourscd window dnrt up with a crash as I leaped, and I knew that tno Thing would follow mc, and tear mo to pieces, and plunge mo Into its mouth, and mash and manglo mo between its toothless gums I Tho room whoro JI found myself was dim and wet. Between tho oraoks in tho wall, a flaming strip of sunsot glowed Hko a forgo in tho twilight. Every breatholTaaturo washushed now, tho rain eamo only in looselv-blown gusts, and tho tliundor had shuddorea away into siienoo ; my hair roso and my flesh grow rough and ioy, for on tho stairway was a soft, creaking sound, then a steady pushing against the door. I howled aloud in my anguish, and tho sound of my voloe sot tho placo bellowing with echoes. My arms "wore torn and tho bones nearly snapping from tho pressure, and still I felt the door opening, opening I Therowas a crush— onoriisty hingodropped clattering to the floor, another, and for a moment tho door tottered, and fell forward, nearly orushing-me ; but, no, I was too quick, I was rn&d; with fear. One instant onfyx'we stood looking nt'cach othor, tho Thing framed in tho empty door spaao, and I — a wild beast orazed with tho fiercest rage instinct ; thon I plunged forward aud out through a rent in the torn boarding. I folt tho wood snap ' and give, and tho. awful swoop of my fall, and knew that tho Thing had1 nurled itsolf after mo. Iscramblod tomy feet and went rushing, flying down the empty road. The wot bushes slapped my faco and clung, olammy as doad hands that would havo stopped my lliglit nnd ail-' tho timo I heard tho Thing behind mo— heard the plash of the puddles as it trailed through thom and the beat of itirformless steps. Tho moon wds'rislng across tho' road, a great swollen disk, sanguino and threatening. I remember every sceno : tho jerk flitting of a bat, tho dark spray of some hanging vino, and tho pounding . of my own steps.- I re member catching my ragged shoo in' a root that had orawlcd out from tho hedge, and .hearing a deep, horrible ohuoklo; then I fell forward— and remember nothing moro. It was midnight when I beoame conscious again. Tho moon hadsfarunkintothe zenith and was looking at mo with its little white eye. I was very weak, and my hands wero stiff with dry blood. Thero was not a living thing in sight, only the palo ribbon of tho deserted road and the grey fields stretching away to tho sfcy. For on my left stood <r clump of ptnetrees ; behind thom rcso the .outlines of 'an old chimney, and, sick as I was, I wont hobbling through the night till tho place was lost to view. Then I crawled into a damp ha-riok — and elegit. ... . . - 