MY OF BEST. WHAT 18 FAITH?. Br Johs Xaidlaw, Professor of Systematic Theology ia New College, s Now faith la the snhataoce of tbingshoped for, : the evidence of things not seen.—Heb, xi. I. j Tbeone point in this suggestive utterance' on which we fix our Attention a the connection ; between-Christian faith arid Christian hope. That connection is vital. Faith is the root, arid Hope the stein. Faith is the" foundation or ground; Hope that which rests upon it. But, to be "more particular, if we take the " things hoped for" and the thirds not seen as ttjoriea^h the^eame, viz., these frenefits^and Redeemer, then there are two ways here sug ars ted in which faith is Connected with the nope of these good things to come not seen as yet. it supplies or "gives substance" to the things hoped for, arid furnishes reasons for the hope itself. In a passage of the "Paradiso," often referred to, Dante represents himself m quoting these words to define faith ; and the Apostle Peter, to whom he is speaking, as re plying thus:— Rightly hast thou deemed Was answered if thon well discern why first He hath defined it substance and then proof. Newman remarks that this definition gives faith a place in both the worlds known to man —the realm of Substance or Reality, and the realm of Argument, Evidence, or Idea. The substance is that which faith has already made our own experience. The reality and sweet ness of these things furnish the occasion of hope's brightestexpectations, and lay a ground or reason on which hope may build her infe rences. Take them in reverse order—Evidence first, Substance afterwards. EVIDENCE OP THINGS UNSEEN.. Faith f urnishe8 evidence to the soul of things not seen as yet. Hopes and expectations, therefore, are not baseless, but grounded upon that which faith supplies. To bring this out of the merely general abstract, put it in the language of personal Christian faith:—1 have received the gospel history concerning Jesus of Nazareth; upon its testimony I have formed my conclusions concerning Him, and fixed my trust upon His person and work. I believe Him to have been the Eternal Son of God, the i suffering Brother Man on earth, the dying Surety of sinners, myself included, upon j Calvary's cross; the risen Redeemer, the I ascended and glorified Saviour of mankind. Now let it be granted that I have Him so, that my faith holds Him such. Faith only can so hold Him; Divine grace only can create such a faith; "For no man can say that JeBus is the Lord but by the Holy Spirit." Plenty of people suppose honestly enough that they hold the truth of this and make a Christian profession upon it; but this is personally to call Jesus "Lord." I am supposing your case, or mine, to be one where that is so. What follows regarding our future in His hands? Why, as firm as the conduct of a mathematical demonstration, though it belongs, to a different order of certainty, this follows:—Where the things of Jesus Christ which have already happened, and which history records, have thus made their appeal . to the soul and are held by Faith, the things unseen, but ready to be revealed, are sure also. For example, such things as these: that this same Jesus, now in heaven, receives at their death all who belong toHim; that immediately He makes them blessed with Himself and with H13 Father; that He will bring them again in resurrection glory; that they shall share sod Aim withHimwhen H e comes in Hisfcingdon. Inshort, all the riches of the Christian tope prove bystrict tmmtual de monstration to be real when faith's position stoat Jesus Christ, the Crucified and Risen, is once accepted, fully and fairly, by thesouL Believing Hon to to what He has said, I know upon this evidence of faith that He will and most be to me all that He has spoken to me of.'tbongb imiri* of these things as yet lies hid in an unseen world. Now, let us see what suchevidence willdo for us in this present time. On the cabin stairs of most of our coasting steamers yon will read a framed instruction thus;—"Required for this vessel an anchor and cable sufficient for the service intended, I and ready for use." A graphic expression in ' the Scripture to the Hebrews so describes the Christian Hope—"An anchor of the soul, both sure and steadfast, and entering into that which is within the vail." That is one of the requirements of the human soul which is met in the Gospel when grasped by faith. Here are we mortal creatures, tossed on the sea of human life, on the little bark of our frail make, within earshot of the great ocean of eternity. Those of us who are really Christians know Jesus Christ. We live by the faith of Him. We lire on what He did and said on earth. We see that He knew all about living and dying, about eternity and time. We have Him yonder, within the vail of the unseen world. The cable of our faith is fixed in Him, and He has carried the anchor of our hope home along with Himself, and made it fast by the throne of the Eternal God. Now, then, our hope is certain that; as for us to live is Christ, so dying is to be with Jesus; that eternity is to be for us endless gain and ceaseless praise; that His corning back again is to be the forthbringing and outshining of all His children—in short, our future is identified with th it of our Forerunner, who for us is entered yonder—even Jesus, made our High Priest for ever. This "anchor of the soul," then, is both sure and steadfast. For if I had been laid hold of by Christ Jesus, the tie that binds nay soul to Him cannot be sundered; that cable will never break, for the ground in which' that anchor bites is the Throne of God, the truth and faithfulness of the Divine Being Himself. "If it were not so, I would have told you." " I go to prepare a place for you." And it has entered with Jesus into the unseen. He is our hope. He has passed through these visible heavens into the eternal presence, whither He will gather all His own, that they may be for ever with Him and behold His glory. Sufficient surely is that anchor for the service intended—to enable us who have cast it to ride out the trials and temptations of the present little while, a night which is already far spent," un til the day break and the shadows flee away." Sufficient and more if it be in our .case fit and ready for use. Where is your faith? Bring it out and exercise it. " Believe much and you will hope much." Enlarge your view of the "Christ already revealed, and you will so much enlarge your hopes of the Christ that is to come. "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believ ing, that ye may abound in hope through the power of the IToly Ghost." Let us put this relation of faith to hope as supplying it with evidence yet another way. I believe in Christ as my Saviour, and so certainly as I do so I have received certain effects of present blessed ness—of sin forgiven and of peace with God. Now upon this, and out of it, there arises evidence that He will finish what He has begun, the hope that He will perfect that which con cerneth me. Faith, working by love, has already furnished the evidence; and upon this change and work in my soul already seen rests the hope of perfection unseen as yet, of com. plete holiness,'blessedness, and glory yet to "dome. _ To make actual use of such assur ances is what Scripture in another suggestive figure calls putting1 on lor a helmet the hope of salvation—that is, arming oneself lor pre sent conflict and victory by the assured pro spect in one's own person of a redemption every way complete. For such hope aetstas a pro tection to the believing souL Mark well what it is that so acts. For the enemy of souls has manufactured a pasteboard imitation of this famous piece of armour, and called it by the same name, and many wear it all their days without discovering the imposition. "The hope of salvation' There are hundreds who, when they hear such an expression, think only of that miserable figment*—" I trust I have a good chance to be saved. I hope that some how I shall get within the door of heaven." There never was a more arrant fabrication than to palm that flimsy thing off for Christian hope. No! " The hope of Ralvation" is the firm assurance to which every believer in Jesus is entitled, that He will complete what He has begun. That since He reconciled me to God-by His dying He will bring me id glory by His living; through to heaven and that so sure as He died once unto sin shall sin altogether cease to have dominion over me; and that so sure as His body was raised from humiliation to glory shall 3\. In sno mine come again in His likeness. In snort, as sure as when I came to Him and entered in I was saved with the salvation of immediate pardon and acceptance, so surely will I be saved in the end with the salvation ready to be revealed in the last time. This is the helmet which the Scripture enjoins us to put on; tha t, trusting Jesus only aud Jesus wholly, we should entertain the sure and certain expec tation that He who hath begun a good work in us will perform it unto the day of the Lord Jesus; that as grace has visited ua already, there is more grace and higher to be brought unto us at the revelation of Jesus Christ grace sufficient, grace ail the way, and glory at the end. Are we not saved by such a hope? Ts it not a headpiece, a protection to the vitals of a Christian in his present struggle? Can any of us who are fighting the fignt of faith afford to forget it, mistake it, or leave it off; I may not willingly yield an inch, of my nature | servant to sin, for Christ has redeemed it all, i and shall yet have all of mo, to the very dust —for which He has paid the price. I must not despair in grappling with any temptation or besetting sin, for it is now a settled and a certain thing that sin and death shall yield their'hold, I. shall not all die. Why? I shall all live. Because He lives we shall live also. FAITH THE SUBSTANCE OF THINGS HOPED FOB. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. It furnishes hope"with the matter of expecta tions as well as with the evidence on which to ground these. By this additional thought it is brought out that fai th provides some indication ! of what the hope in substance is. A Christian j should know not only why he hopes, but what | he hopes for. And he knows for what he j hopes by what he has. It is the remark of a ' great Puritan that one is oft left unaffected by j the most beautiful imaginations of men re garding the future life. They are like children's fiower gardens—cut. flowers plan tod in sand. They have no root or hold upon us by what we know or feel already. Bible descriptions of the glory to come are easily read by a Christian, lieeause they are routed in what he has some measure of acquaintance with now. "His servants shall servo Him; they shall see His face, and His name shall ho in their foreheads."' These arc some of the blessings of the perfect state—some of the clusters which grow upon the tree of life that is inthe midst of tins paradise of God. Now these do not savour, much of promises to the natural mind. There is nothing serious about them. .The world knows not their sweet ness, for it prizes not their quality. "Serving God, "seeing His face," these are not attractive promises to the unspiritual ; mind. To wear the colours of the Christian : when thes6 are profitable is well known to the I world, -but to nave the name of Christ on their foreheads were like the brand of shame. How much these promises mean to those who follow Jesus now! They can understand what the fruits of Canaan will be like, having tasted on this side Jordan of these very things. A Christian knows what it is to "serve God," at least" to try"—to labour and yearn to love Him better. Here is a hope for such: Yonder, m yon coming time, "His servants shall serve Him." He knows what it is to see the blessed countenance, thdugh it be through a glass darkly. What a hope is in these words, " They shall see His face. And if His name be not yet mounted into their foreheads, it is in their hearts. Let us not think that thus we make too much of the present grace to which faith gives access. For what is it but, in other words, " Christ in you the hope of glory?" It is not that grace realized here on earth is the ground of nope, for Christ above is our hope. But the grace present and efficacious by faith is of the same nature as the glory to come, gives the receiver foretastes-of that, and confirms him in the assurance that by-and-by he shall enjoy it all. When Jacob's sons returned from Egypt the last time, and told their father plainly, "Joseph is alive, and is ruler over all the laud," Jacob's j heart fainted, for he believed them not; but when he saw the wagons which Joseph had ; sent to carry him the spirit of Israel revived, and he said, "It is enough; my son is yet alive." The carriages were as nothing to the wealth of Jacob, or to the promises of Joseph; but Joseph had sent them, they were a proof that he was living, and of the good and plenty where he was. So present experience of grace acts upon the hearts of faith. Grace is glory begun. Glory is grace finished. Here and yonder are not two divine worlds to a spiritual mind, but one eternal kingdom of the good and true. Saint Peter, in Dante's vision, at the place quoted already, after receiving this definition of faith and an exposition of it, says in effect, "The answer made is right, bus let me know if thy inward persuasions are con formable to thy professions. Current is the coin Thou uttar'st, hoth in weight ami alloy; But tell me if thou hast if in thy purse. 