The Tm!! A trotting match between Mr. Godshaw's Will I and Mr. Moxom'a Lady, owners ap, has been arranged tó enme off :on the Recreation .Associa- tion Ground on Wednesday next. lb is probable that other races will be got ap on the ground. In the absence of any movement on the part of the racing dabs of Broken Hill, which would seem to require galvanising into activity after their recent period of hibernation, it looks as if the sporting men of the district were going to cater for their own amusement. The im- promptu race meeting held last Wednesday afternoon was quite a success, and drew a larger attendance than many of the orthodox fixtures j have done. ' The weights for the Becond day of the A. R. 0. Grand National Meeting j (next Saturday) have been issued. In the Second Hurdle Race Conventioner and Simulator head the list with list. 121b. Gipsy Queen has 9st. 71b.; and The Goose, who performed well at Petersburg, 9st. 41b. Fort Admiral gets the crusher of lOst. 71b. in the Mayor's Mile, Foliage having 93t. 121b. and Kirkby 9?t. 71b.; and Thunderer has top weight, 9st. 31b., in the Corporation Stakes. The following horses remain in the A. R. C. Grand National Steeplechase, to be run next Saturday :-Black Flag, 12st. 71b.; Rorke's Drift, list. 121b.; Banjo, Hst. 101b.; All Fours, list. 21b.; Havelock, 10»t, 91b.; Cataract, lOst. 71b.; Woodfield, lOst. 71b; Juliet, lOst. 51b.; Taradale, lOst. 31b.; The Ghost, lOst. 21b.; Doric, lOst.; Confidence, 9st. 121b.; Simple Jim, 9st. 101b.; Bombastic, 9st, 51b.; Young Lucifer, 9st. 31 h.; Repetition, 9st.; Sir George, 9st.; Fishwife, 9st. Security, who won the two-year-old race at the A. R. C. Meeting last Saturday, is by Padlock - Lady Elizabeth, and is owned by C. Quin, who rode him. He is a gelding. The Messrs. Miller will not be re- presented in the chief events of the forthcoming A. J. C. Spring - Meeting in Sydney. Preston bas been scratched for the Epsom Handicap and Metro- politan Stakes. It is possible that the New Zealand jumpers Donald M'Rianon and Tiri tea, who were not (as anticipated) sent over for the Grand National meetings in Melbourne, will compete at the A. J. C. Spring Meeting if Mr. Douglas considers their handicaps at all reasonable. 