Degeneratlaa la MasM- It has been said recently by a pcpular paragraphlst— one of a distinct school In our current literature, by the way— that the two notable revivals of- the hour are ghosts and Tories ; that the essayists are chiefly responsible for the first' and the patriot! o-hereditary so cieties for the latter. Be that as It may. we must admit that tne renaissance m ghosts Is .considerable. We find the ghost In every issue of every popular magazine ; but alas ! Is It not plain tbat it Is a degenerate— that the fin de slecle ghost at Its best, makes a poor showing beside those awful shades before wblcb our forefathers crouched and shivered —those ghosts that were not to be trifled with ? Now, It can never be said of tbe eigh teenth century, with all Its shortcom ings, tbat it did not band over to tbe nineteenth a first-class thing In ghosts ; nothing akin, seemingly, to its flicker ing survival— this remnant that has been ' Interviewed' and ' tested' and exhibited almost out of existence. And surely the twentieth century will have good cause for accusing the nine teenth of defrauding it of what tbe human family may yet be sorely incon venienced to get on without ' What have you done with Niagara Falls, and tbe Palisades, and the buffalo, and ghosts ? Where are those Shades that were Intrusted to yon— that came down from Homer mid Shakspeare, and men who knew a good thing wben tbe saw it ? And what have you done to civi lised man that lie can no longer believe In ghosts ?' That lost qnestlon we leave to tbe scientists. Conciliation of the offended Shades will come from another quarter, If it Is ever offered. Perhaps the time will come when the ghosts of our fore fathers will be missed and longed for, and an effort will be made to restore to the race those dear psychological facul ties through which ghosts that are ghosts can be seen and appreciated. The majestic, gliding ghost of tbe far away past sod that novel variation seen by the Ancient Mariner when ' Souls did from their bodies fly. And every sonl. It passed me by, Like the whiz of my cross- bow.' show faint kinship, If any at all, with the popular type of to-day* best de scribed by Lewis Carrol : ' That merry ghost . . . that sat upon a post . . . and champed and chawed his bat tered toast' . . . and told Jost bow he 'worked bis tricks'— M And .when you've learned to squeak, mv flfcan, - And canght the double sob. You're pretty much where yon began ; Just try and gibber. If yon can. That's something of a job. Shakspeare, It Is, I tblnk, who treats Of ghosts In dfyfe .of old, Who gibbeted In tbejRoituin streets, Dressed, If you' reeoHecc, tn sheets— They roust nhve found It cold.' Shades of Pa trod ns and Banqno and Hamlet's sire! Is this-. which Carrol calls ?' a thing.' and a brat' and which our children, .are personating in blgb fan, all that I the twentieth cen tury Is to get from the jnineteerfth An the way of a ghost? Coleridge icould write, not so very long ago, what no one would to-day. In sober earnest : ' Like one that on a lonesome road Doth walk In fear and dread, And, having once turned round, walks on .? And turns no more Ills head, Because he knows % Trighfnl fiend Doth close behind him tread.' What will the twentieth century do without an unfailing- antidote for slug gish braln^knd ctfrcnfation ? What spur Is there fopp^aiysed dormant facul ties like a genuine, blood-curdling, halr Ufting ghost or a cocd story of one ? Will our flippant thing ever prove Itself a lever for the progress of the race ? Hardly. Soon nobody will be left to say, even with Mdme. de Stael— ' I don't believe In ghosts, but I am afraid of them, nevertheless.' Think of the conventions, where the ghosts are n part of the attendance, sub mitting to Parliamentary roles, prompt ly answering questions, and 'Adjourning upon motion ! And bere eom^sn/renort i by telegraph, served up with the war In China, amendments of the constitu tion, &c.;, of a wedding between a ghost and 'a beautiful, well-educated,' and wealthy woman.' Particulars are given of how It stepped out from a cabinet presumably at the wedding-march, clad In the uniform of an army officer— can It be dealt with for doing that ?— prov- ing tangibility at the outset by putting a slipper on the foot of the bride. Then it slipped the ring on her finger, and ' a minister' pronounced them married. A good many questions arise in the thoughtful mind. What may be tlie contingencies of such a union ? What complications beyond the reach of our courts ? How, if this thing goes on, will it affect the- so-called superfluous wo man ? Can any superfluity rap up a husband, If she will ? The ghost of the popular story-tellers 1b a capering, hilarious spook as a rule —on adept In tricks, and a finished comc dlan, unless It Is completely done for, as is the water ghost of John Kendrick Bangs, that damp and dewy female who wonld persist In spoiling the Christmas cheer of ber family, until the hero suc ceeded In freezing It stiff and packing it off to a cold-storage warehouse,' suggest ing how a possible survival of the nine teenth -century ghost may be revived In tbe twentieth century-.-its 'Icily regu lar, charmingly nullM characteristics thawed out,*thus delaying J the utter ex tinction of what possibly it is not yet too late to preserve and restore. —Jane M. Parker, In 'N- T. Home Journal.' 