[NEW SERIAL STORY.] The Bells of Sydney By J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of "The Dis-Honourable," "Wynnum," An Australian Bush Track," etc. (Continued from last Saturday's issue.) CHAPTER VI. MISTAKES FOR A GHOST. THERE comes a time to most men when the fact that they are old becomes a new and unpleasant reality to them. But it is impossible for such to understand the painful feel- ings which till the mind of a man who has passed abruptly from youth to age. Its effect upon me was to embitter my whole nature and create in me an utter hatred for De Vere. I set myself at once to trace his move- ments ; having followed him to B——, I knew that it would be easy enough to discover his place of residence. Looking over some files of the Argus I was relieved, however, from any further search in Melbourne, for there, as plain as could be, was the name of Harold De Vere for the departures for Brisbane. He had evidently made no effort to conceal his movements or disguise his name. He had left about a fortnight after our meeting. I chuckled fiercely when I found that he was moving further north. 'He's getting away from civilization, I muttered to myself, 'and will the more easily fall into my hands.' I never counted the possible conse- quences to myself ; there are circum- stances under which a man's life may become of no value to him, and besides, to destroy such a man as De Vere, I argued, would be a benefit to humanity ; only one who had bartered himself to the Evil One could possess such powers as he had. I reached Brisbane, and found as I had expected that he was a visitor with Gordon Bassett, but I also found to my surprise that Lord Alfred Burr was there too. There was possibly some pre-arranged plan, I thought, with Bassett that accoun- ted for the meeting. And now fortune suddenly favoured me in a most remarkable manner, and unexpectedly gave me the oppor- tunity that I had planned for and desired. I was waiting for a train at the Melbourne - street Railway Station one afternoon, when an old man, but vigorous and active, suddenly stopped in front of me, and stared full in my face with every indication of surprise. 'Good God !' he at last ejaculated, 'it's old Squire Gunnery !' The man's face grew white, and I believe he would have fallen, but that I reached out my hand and dragged him to a seat. He had mistaken me for my grandfather ! 'Old man,' I said, 'whoever you are, you once lived at Church Consett.' As I spoke to him he shrank from me as from a demon, and his teeth fairly chattered in his head. 'Who are you ?' I asked. 'Don't you know me ?' he said. 'No,' I answered ; 'never saw you in my life before that I know of.' 'Ah! then you cannot be him,' he replied, looking at me eagerly, but with a sigh of relief. I asked some further questions, but could get nothing more out of the man. He moved away to another seat, but I determined not to lose sight of him. He knew that I was a Gunnery, and could only have become possessed of that fact, by having known and been familiar with my grandfather. I resolved to know more about him, so went to the book- ing office and secured a ticket for the terminus station on the line the next train was to travel upon. I would get out at whatever station this man alighted. The mere fact of his know- ing my name was sufficient to upset all my plans. The train ran on for nearly an hour in the direction of the shores of Moreton Bay, stopping at a number of stations en route. The man at last alighted, when I at once followed. 'What is it you want with me?' he asked in a harsh tone of voice, as I caught him up. . 'I want to do you no harm,' I answered, 'but yon seem to know more about an ancestor of mine than I could wish, and I must have some talk with you.' 'Who in the devil's name are you ?' he said, turning sharply round. 'The grandson of the Squire Gun- nery, that you knew at Church Consett,' I answered. 'That can't be,' he said. 'Mark Gunnery, the son of the present squire, is not more than about thirty, and you are as old as I am.' 'Never mind,' I replied ; 'what I have told you is the truth. But lead on ; I am coming with you for an hour's conversation." 'Why can't we have it here ?' 'Because it's not convenient. I have something to tell you that it might be best for your own sake for me to say where there is no possibility of our being overheard.' It was a random shot, but evidently told, for he walked on without another word. 'This man,' I thought to myself, 'has done something that my grandfather was aware of, and which he wishes to forget.' It was getting dark as he stopped at a cottage residence above a shel- tered cove of one of the many bays which urn enclosed within the great stretch of water known as Moreton Bay. A good-sized sailing boat rode at anchor a short dîstance of the shore, and a rowing boat was drawn up under a boat-house. There was a trim garden and small orchard, with two or three small paddocks and stable, and the general surroundings betokened the residence of a man in a comfortable way of life. Turning the latch, he let us into a room comfortably furnished, with the table set for tea. A dark hand- some girl, of four or five and twenty, entered almost at the same time from another door. 'You're back again father,' she said in a not unmusical voice. 'Yes, Sis,' he answered pleasantly, 'and have brought a visitor with me, who, I dare say, will not object to cup of tea. If you bring it in we won't trouble you further.' The man seemed more inclined to be friendly, so I made no remark, and determined to take the proffered meal with him. 'Now,' said I, after he had some- what appeased his appetite, 'I have told you who I am. Who are you ?' 'Well, if you must know,' he answered, 'my name is Dick Black- mann.' 'Ah,' said I, 'you have relatives still living at Church Consett?' 'I have.' 'And, excuse me, you are the Dick Blackmann that about fifty years ago was transported for a poaching affair?' ' You're right again,' he said, 'now what next ?' I paused and looked at Blackmann, and then came to a rapid decision. It would advantage me to take some- one familiar with the place and people into my confidence. There were palpable reasons why this should be the man. His face con- tained that which suggested that he might be trusted with a secret. There are some men whoso own history make it inexpedient for them to reveal another's secret or crime. Then, too, he knew me, and I him. 'Dick Blackmann,' I said, 'I am going to take you into my confidence. I don't want to ask anything more about you. Probably you hold a good position in this place, and have well nigh forgotten the troubles of your early days. Whatever I know of you and your past history is a matter between ourselves.' The man made an impatient ges- ture, but I stopped him from speak- ing. 'I suppose you were going to say that you don't care what I know etc., but hear me out. . I've too much on my hands to be concerned about you, or anything that was between you and my grandfather ; but your knowledge of this place and its people may be of service to me. To that extent you must help me, Black- mann.' He was filling a short pipe with tobacco, and neither looked up nor made reply. I could not help watch- ing him a moment. It was not actually a bad face that the man had. It gave the impression of one that was older than he looked. He was, I judged, cold and hardy by nature, and yet by no means incapable of a generous action or kindly deed when his better self was aroused. Physically his strong, well knit frame seemed capable of much endurance. 'I have reasons for not wishing to be known here,' I continued. 'Not that there's much fear of that,' I said bitterly, as I called my premature age. Blackmann caught the tone of my voice and looked curiously. 'Do you see that hand?' I asked, putting my right hand across the table, 'Does it match my face ?' 'Put your own beside it, man.' 'Mine has had to work, he answered,' as he looked at his shrivelled sinewy fingers. 'Yes, but that has not made the difference,' I answered warmly, 'some cursed sorcery has made me an old man within two months ; changed me in features, speech, and bodily bearing ; changed me so that my bosom friend could not recognise me, and the man that did it added this to a previous injury.' 'He's in Brisbane, and I've come up here to reckon with him. He's stay- ing with Sir Gordon Bassett.' 'I suppose it's that friend of Lord Alfred Burr's you are referring to,' said Blackmann. 'It is.' 'Well I can tell you something about him.' With some advice and assistance from Blackmaun, who I found to he a well- known citizen, whose doubtful antece- dents had but very slightly inter- fered with a successful colonial career, was introduced to Sir Gordon Basset. I as a Mr. Vernon.on the look-out for a good station property for my two sons. The metamorphose was com- plete, and as Mr. Vernon I became familiar with both Harold De Vere and Lord Alfred Burr. There must have been something, however, in my manner which unconsciously to some extent revealed my inner self to De Vere, for notwithstanding all my caution and apparent friendliness, I felt that he distrusted me. We actually spent a fortnight together inspecting one of Bassett's stations on the Maranoa, for at my suggestion both Lord Alfred and De Vere accompanied us, but never during those days of bush journey could I get him alone and at a dis- advantage. Not that he in any way recognised me ; that was impossible, for voice, feature, handwriting, gait, everything about me was altered. I had during this time made the most careful search for Beatrice and Violet, and at last became persuaded that they were not resident anywhere in Brisbane. Why De Vere pro- tracted his stay I could not guess. He talked of visiting North Queens- land and Java, returning by the British India route to Eng- land. But still lie stayed, as though conscious of some watch upon his movements, or fear of some impending evil. Scarcely an hour of the night or day but he was shadowed by some agent of my own. Before punishing him, I would fain have discovered through him, some- thing of those I sought. 'Mr. Vernon,' said Sir Gordon Bas- sett to me one morning as I met him in the Queensland Club. 'We are arranging a few days shooting down the bay ; will you make one of our party ? We will run down in the yacht, and make a week of it among the Islands. There are hundreds of black swans and other game, and we should have some good sport. Lord Alfred Burr, De Vere, and a couple of Brisbane men will he of the party.' I agreed to go at once. I was des- perate enough to seize any chance that would put De Vere within my reach again. CHAPTER VII.—RIDING TO HIS DOOM. WE had been shooting and fishing with varied luck among the pictur- esque islands of Moreton Bay, when Bassett one evening proposed a visit to some natural caves of curious formation beyond Bournemouth. He wanted to go ashore at the latter place, as he had instructed his business manager to wire him there that day should anything transpire of importance in the city. It was only six miles ride, he said, and if we left early we could be back again and dine on board. He would send a man ashore to arrange with some one he knew for the horses. The unexpected happened on the morrow. An important bank in which Bassett had an account had suspended payment, and he with one of the two Brisbane men had decided to run up by rail to the city. 'Not that I stand to lose much myself,' remarked Bassett, but I must do the best I can for others.' There were four of us left, and we strolled round to the outskirts of the township to a farm where the horses were to be in readiness. As Lord Alfred and Granby, one of the Brisbane men, were the least accustomed to riding, the two quiet- est horses were taken by them. and they rode off, saying we should soon overtake them. One of the two left was a well made and evidently well-bred chest- nut mare, and the other a dark brown gelding. 'I'll take the chestnut,' said De Vere. She watched him, .showing the white of a wicked-looking eye as he went forward to take the bridle, and snorted and moved away. He flung the reins over her head as she swung round from him. He was a match for her, however, for shortening the reins he took hold of her ear, and with a free hand held the stirrup for his foot. . 'Mind the mare, sir,' said the man, as De Vere sprang into the saddle. The fiery-little chestnut was off before he had fairly gained his seat, but he pulled her back almost on to her haunches, and threw .himself on the ground again. 'Stirrups are too short,' was all he said. He put them down two holes on each side, during which time the mare fidgetted about and then reared. He soothed and caressed her, and in a favourable moment got his foot in the stirrup and swung over into the saddle, as she at once broke into a smart canter. 'Steady, lass, steady,' I heard him call out, as he disappeared round a turn in the road. In a minute this became little better than a bush track. He had taken tho wrong turning. By this time I was following him, my horse breaking from the canter into a gallop as he missed sight of his mate. I steadied him with a firm hand, for I felt there was mettle in him that might take me all my time to control ; not but that I was a good horseman, but I had had a long spell, and this wild gallop along, the Australian bush track was a new experience to me. How well I remember it, and recall every detail. The horse had an easy swinging stride, the saddle might have been made for me, and the stirrup leathers were the exact length, as we swung along, the trees in some places meeting overhead, I noticed now in the clear patches the grass was wet with a heavy dew. A startled bird would occasionally shake the dew like rain from the branches of the trees, when it would fall glistening in the slanting sun rays like a shower of diamonds. The peculiar aroma which the gum trees have in the early summer morn- ings filled the air. Occasionally a kangaroo or wallaby would come leaping with enormous strides through the undergrowth and gleaming grass, to disappear with the sound of crackling branches as it made its way through the bush. At times I could hear the clatter of hoofs as De Vere crossed a harder piece of roadway, but although I had now reached a fairly straight and open road, he was not in sight, and it dawned upon me that I was being left behind. The pace was a fast one, and I felt sure that the mare must have bolted with him. Sitting down in the saddle, I gave my horse his head ; he wanted very little encourage- ment. He could hear his mate ahead of him, and stretching, out his neck he increased his gallop to racing speed. Suddenly I felt myself rising in the air. The horse had made a prodigi- ous leap, and as we cleared the ground there seemed to flash under us a bunch of writhing snakes. They were black, and were probably two male snakes fighting together, as I have heard that they will do occasion- ally. My horse was now galloping.at a terrific rate, I tried to steady him, but it was useless ; he was thoroughly aroused and frightened by the snakes, and with the single rein bridle and snaffle bit I realised that it was use- less to try to check him. The most I could do was to keep him on the track. Suddenly we came up to a fallen tree, which be leaped without hesitation, and then turned a corner, where just ahead I saw Do Vere; he was riding fast, but seemed to have the mare more under control, and I heard him laugh and shout at her as she shied furiously at something on the roadside. That and the sound of my horse behind made her quicken her pace, and I heard him laugh again as she dashed forward at her previous mad rate of speed. He would have laughed less had he known that he was riding to his doom. (To be continued.) The linen manufactured yearly in Great Britain could be wrapped round the earth seven times. In a Berlin insane asylum is a patient, it is said, whose hair changes colour with her temperature. A high medical authority has declared that " the best chest protector is water-proof covering for the feet." 