% DELAY is DANGEROUS, IF it be true tbat lie wins who waits, die Mildura settlers, who have been waiting for a very long time for something to be done to improve Jie exceedingly defective irrigation system that has been , foisted upon them, ought surely to win pretty soon. But there is always the - danger of waiting too long. The old ble maid who has patiently waited for halfa century for the lover that has not come to lead her to the allar, is stili waiting wheu she gives up the ghost. Let us hope that the settlers will not, like the old maid, have to wait so long and in vain. Most of them are still waiting, but some have had their patience exhausted ; and unless the Government move less leisurely than they are now doing in the consideration of Mr. Stuart Murray's report, whatever they may decide upon will come too late to arrest the drift of the landholders that has set in. The members of the Ministry, " both individually and collectively," to use a Jobnstonian expression, ought to know, if the}' do not, that the situation in Mildura is too .serious to excuse any temporising policy; and if they are not aware of this additional fact, it is as well that they should at once be told, that the gravity of the situation is due in a large measure to the un warrantabie'negleciof the Water Supply Department, in not insisting upon the construction of works best adapted for irrigation. The Government have how had the Chief Engineer's report in their hands for over three weeks, and voluminous as the document is said to be, surely they have bad ample lime to digest it.| They, are a body of comparatively young and energetic men, •who showed great capacity for woik when Parliament was sitting. Why they are dallying-now, like a heartsick lover, especially when the necessity for energetic and decisive movement is so pronounced, it is difficult to . understand. We have been told by members of the Government that Mildura is a national entei prise, which must not be allowed to languish .for a little timely help; but it might be the veriest tinpot scheme, so tardy are they in doing their duty, /v.;- '•••''.••'•' '•'•'-* ...«-There ore many reasons for. prompt action on the part of the Government. The uncertainty that exists as to the amount of assistance which the settlement is to receive,, is driving- worthy settlers away- . Substantial •itnprovenx^nts to the channels and the pumping plants during the non-irrigating season are indispensable for the successful watering of ;die plantations next summer. : • If these . improvements are .not effected in the current winter months, many of them ..will bave to be deferred for another year, and as Mr. 'Stephen- 1 ! son, the Trust's chief engineer, pointed out in his'report to the Commissioners on Thursday last, there is no inconsiderable danger of collapse at some of the stations unless the most urgent repairs mentioned by him are carried out before nest pumping season. These repairs will necessarily take some time, and they should now be in cowse of execution. The perils of delay should be vigorously represented to the Government at ence by the Trust, who had better come to the conclusion immediately, if they have not already arrived at it, that without continuous agitation and .strong pressure on their part, the Government will not mend their snail-like pace. It is the bounden duty of the Government to assist Mildura; they are pledged to render aid; we expect very much less than we are justly entitled to. Then why imperil the settlement by this unjustifiable delay 1 