The Stacc for the Sculling Cliuiiinioiishiit. The sporting papers by Friday's mail give full particulars of the race between Stanbury and Harding on July 13. The London Sports man says :— Many another athlete would have broken down under the great strain and tre mendously hard work which the Australian had gone through. He was not in fit condition when he met Harding, yet he rowed with giant suengui, aim it was periecsiy clear oetore the two had been rowing one minute that Harding was beaten. The Englishman rowed up to his past form, but what up3et calculations was that Stanbury was ever so much faster than English people gave him credit for. The Sporting Life says that there was no semblance of a race from start to finish. Stan bury' s record ' proves that he is a champion among champions.' The Sportsman says that Harding was entirely outclassed. 'Enor- mous strength, great skill, and iron will are three of the attributes of Stanbury, who must be something more than human to have done what he did yesterday.' The London Even ing News says that Stanbury could have won by a quarter of a mile just as easily as by qix encths. If, as his friends averred before the race, Stanbury was not within lengths of his form, then (says the Sporti man), in the zenith of his fame he must have been a marvel. Stanbury kaooked 13sec off i be record which Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith. As a matter of fact, Harding never once looked dangerous, and had Stanbury been pushed be could, on the fast flood, have ea8ily established a record for the whole distance. Stanbury waa the nominal favnrite, hut for money Rarding was really in bettor demand. Harding won the toss, and chose the Surrey side of the river. It was a splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 in the opening balf-minute to Hardiog's 17. Every time Stanbury dipped his sculls ho drew away from his opponent at a rate that could hardly be credited except by thnse who aaw it. At his twenty-second stroke Stanbury had accomplished the extraordinary feat of putting daylight between the boats. Harding succeeded in overlapping Stanbury again be fore Alexanders was reached, but Stanbury, in a few strokeB, drew away again. At the Thamita Rowing Club sheds Stanbury crossed over to the Surrey side, and gave his opuoneut the benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky race to. the finish, but never had a ghost of a chance. Stanbuiy won, easing up, by six lengths. The winner's time was 21min. 58seos., the loser'a 22min. Slaocs. Amongst those who witnessed the rnoo from ,g$ one or other of the accompanying steamers '$$&! were Sir William Windeyer, Mr. Jauk Beale, 111 Joe Thompson, and Mr. S. E, Leea, M.L.C. Wm The betting at the start was' 11 to 10 on Stan- 'ill bury, but ere thn competitors had gone a -^S quarter of a mile no one would acoopt tens '-Wi against Harding, and an offer of 100 to 5 on ? Stunbury, made as the scullers approached Hammersmith Bridge, met with no reapouso 