m " ,cco ~ ust fsl Insal Inserts -Ib9I A reader asks me... says T. Greiner. whet 2tWr tobaccf dvjpt 4ho^d be apnllefl * to vif rtles 4ey W Wet*fith defror f -ysrhen they are dry. This moves me to say ttiag p-Mratf meal, or the mlxDir- - . w, ^ tended as a coating,for the leases, wfetcb would .make, feeft " poisonous or unpalatable, but as a 1 coveting for the-soil,' that will make the atmosphere very uncomfortable for, all iits'ects and worms.. I like to have' tlie material remain dry and dusty as long as possible. r*n that ca«=e it has a more thprough effect on bugs and beetles that have" bard shells. The wet tobacco, or tobacco tea, or even the fumes of wet tobacco, are very unwholesome to the soft-bodied insects, worms, etc., .Ii find ; that -the incumber beetles do .not" like to work In Sust, and least of all in tobacco dust. "Wben I put this latter inch deep round melon or cucumber plants, , the yellow-striped beetle pfomptlkjtakes its departure anp will stay awa^ tafe aongiE^the ppacco remains dusty; or lis lo'ng ars 'it 'g*ves bSE^ a strong tobacco smell. Let -me repeat,.too,,.that this same waste 'material is one W our best aria. cheapest general tinsecticides. We can use it both under glass 'and in .ppen air. Bv all means keep a good supply of it on hand. Possibly you can get sweepings from a near eigar factory, or yon may buy the -material by the barrel at $2.50 to§3. It will last' you for years and help you tb keep the premises clear of the various pests-that prey upon crops and animals. If vou scatter tobacco dust by hand or witb bellows over your rows of peas, just at ni&btfall.; you can kill the slugs that are so often? eating all the lower foliage off and greatly damage tbe crop. Or if you dust it in the, same way over your currant" and gooseberry bushes, when infested with : worms, you. will quickly see the worms disappear. In the same way you can quickly kill all the leaf-eating worms and slugs on your trees and bushes everywhere. The tent caterpfilar aJnd;J8ie..fa:ilfweb :worm, ana all other caterpillars on trees and plants give up the ghost within a few minutes after coming. into *contact witb ;-tobacco dust. And "beside^ all this, tobacco dust is -njorth. abput what it .costs as a fertiliser.! "TOe cfm also # control, in a,measure at" least, the' mbst unmanageable, pests of our garden^ .namely, the flea beetle and the cabbage maggot. But in order to make, thorough work, in ridding the plants of thfese pests, we have to be very liberal in the use of the . tobacco dust. For instance, if we throw a good big handful mtffthe heart of the cabbage 5 plant, or cauliflower plant, or on a choice seedling potato, we may be quite sure that the flea beetles will leave, for a time at least, and if we apply the same quantity' tb'fl^t^™ o/a cabbage or-- th cauliffifwer jnafifL l?!,^ e / maggots will not flourish there for a while. M ' • "l • ' ' ' 