[?] Rough oa rats. Tofrior dogs. The hotel bore. The corkeorew,^ Turkish politics Beem to nebda^tiftieh bath.- ' ' i ?,a! m,a 'os^8 better than an unpaid hotel, bill. ? The girl who buret into tears lias been put together. The young man who traa taken b surprise has retnrned. . The Jingo's Motto— In time of peacfl hnnfc np a casus- belli. Paradoxical.— It'a a great blow whea yon ean't ? raise the wind/ . The man who painted the signs af the times is now ont of a job. A Tolnnae of Sound— -The story of SylveBtor tho Somnambnliat. The young ? matt: who flew- into a pas* sion has bad his wings dipped. A coat of arms. Any coal^ If it hadn t arms it wonld be a vest, .? ' Penned in haste,' as the shepherd 1 remarked as He hustled his flock in. - «N ?The Flour of the Family.'— Cheap households, sixteen pounds ?. shilling. When does a: grave resemble a dying * man 7— When »t ' gives up the ghost;' ' 1 By main feree,' as the shOpkeep^ remarked, referring to bis'gas explosion; The man who jumped up on the Bptif of the moment was Boon glad to sitdoira again. The proper;height for a lady to rai^d her skirt on a moddy day is a little oitt two feet, «*--« The man who conld not trust bis feel ings iB supposed to do business on a cash principle. The gentleman who Went toe. far in an argnment was brought homa en tl stretcher. \Ai Iriahfnan in this town flays tiiat 4 cemetery is a place where people lita after they aro deadi It is rnmored that distahce ohantment to the view, and now tho view refuses to retara it. When the problem of a man's life to how to beeome rich, lie never ssetns td tbiok he has solved it. 'The startiBg point,' ohdofeWd tii^ schoolboy, as he inserted 4 strorig pin iil the prineipare chair. : 4 Ready for my eonntry/ as tie eoi« viet jauntily r smirked as he passed oat of eowt with the gaoler* A young. nan may owe a great deal Eo his parents, bat he generally owes af great: deal more to h.is tailor. ' The Queen finds it cheaper to takfe long joarneys than short ones, because' they make a sovereign go farther; A small boy stole a dentist's sign bearing the legend, 'Painless Filling,-' and nailed it *n the door Qf a ^estatir« ant. /' The young man who cast his eye 06 4 yosfig lady eoming ,otrt of ehurch haB had it replated, aad noff sees as well ia ever. .. ' Baoheler : I bonder if th6re is »hj troth in the. idea that ftarried men livei longer than bachelors* Benedict : It seems longer'. Bathurst gill to her Svreetheatt : Wti can never marry ; there is a chasm tha^ keop3 ns apartc He: What chasth ? She : Your sareasm. It is a carious fact that the first £te{- towards publishing a book is wriiin-j copy, and the last istep when the work is finiBhed is etill ttyywriting, ? *'??* The Prince of. Wales riill be less tallied ef . when he Aecends the ;thr6nii than he is ae*& because then he won't fc» a. ' lot ooatereatlon; I aaw him oa the scaffold stand, The repe hug daagliag by j , Ho word spake he, but waved his hand {? Ke noan— 40 tear— no sigh f He .gazed around with aaxioas eye, On one his look did fix } Then in ft thrilling voice did cry— : ' Bill t eend me np more bricks I ' 