SOCIAL GOSSIP. SST It it rtqwtc-i that NOTICES of SOCIAL GATEEMXGS inlmdtd /or inKriion in this column may be attpoiehed to at . t reach ilia editor not later than THURSDAY HORNING in tach iraofc About CO ladies and gentlemen as- OvIilUiljU ALwUuij cvv vllC vl Rlla "William "Woodliam, of Smith-street, Cam- perdoivn, and tendered him u complimen tary party as an appreciation of his many good qualities. Dancing and singing wore indulged in until tho wee sma hours of tlio morning. During tlio evening Mr. "Wood- ham's health was toasted with musical honours, and tlmt gentloman suitably re sponded. The following contributed to tho amusoment of thoso present : — Mr. and Mrs. J. Roid, Mr. and Mrs. II. Ford, Mrs. W. Woodliam, Mrs. Francis,- Mrs.- A. Carr, Misses J. M. and L. Hanratty, Miss B. Whalan, Misses Smith, Miss E. Roid, Miss A. Duggan, Misses Amy and Alice Brewer, Miss Annio Brewer, Miss D. Moran, Miss J. Gain, Messrs. A. Buller, R. Miller,. S. Cntt, D. Trim, W. Hall, B. Hcinmings, R. Veper, W. Duggan, T. Duggan, W. Clare, J. Newoll, H. Hereford, A. Carr,T. Arundel, R. Smith, R. Cates, J. Doberty, C. M'Caffrey, J. Francis, C. Mason, J. Lambert, W. Wood- ham, F. Woodhaiii, H. Lewis, W. Allen, C. Webb, F. Devonport, C. Dovonport, L. Robinson, H. Wilkio, O. Halloran and J. Honnessy. Lady I-Iavberton has been writing to tlio Daily News/to discuss the " actual anato mical proportion in tho sizo.'of the human waist."''. This is how she discusses it:— "Tho truo proportion is a dift'eronco of lOin. between tlie.oiroiimforenco of: tlio bust and that, of ' tlio waist". Thus a/, woman whoso bust moasurr 1 , 30in. would liavo a waist measuring 26iri. Bust 40in:; waist; 30ih., and so on/ . Very few corsets are made in this proportion, and if thoy wpre still fewer pooplo would buy tliom, as fashion decroos that tlio waist should measure from 12in. to 15in. less .than tho bust." , , Mrs. Lynn.Lintoh is again. to the fore in her anti-moddrn crusade. 5 In the North American Iteview slid "goes for some "cranks, and crazoo," among tlieso being cycling. " Walking, riding, skating and dancing," says Mrs. Linton, " we can understand as fit exercise for tho vigorous and young; driving is precious to tho indolent and tho delicate, but cycling soems to be such a doubt ful kind of iiuiii9oment—3iioh a quoer cross between the treadmill and the tight-rope — demanding such a constant strain of atten tion to koop your balance, with such a monotonous and restricted action of the limbs as to render it a work of penauco rathor than of pleasure. To tho uninitiated the craze which hHs swept over' England seems inconceivable." But this is not all. Hero is something for tho good young ladies who are rushing off to convort tlio Chow. Mrs. Lynn Lin ton is down upon "tlio modern crazo for: missionox-y work,in unlikely arid unsympa thetic countries;- -.ivlioro tho livo3' of tho; missiouarics are in danger, whore the con verts thoy inako are for the most part un redeemed scoundrels, and whore, the civili sation of tho people is older arid inoro com pact than our own, better suited to the needs of tho people," and so on. Tho latest pearl story'liails from America, and the heroine of it, or at least the owner of tho pearls,, is (tho JYcstminster Qazctte says) the. Empress of Germany. Sho pos sesses a necklaco .of very great value, tlio pearls being not. only , large and having boon of great purity of colour, but are all curiously well matched in size. The Empress, liowovor, . has so many jewels that this special necklace had latterly not been much worn, What ..was worso still is, that it liaduot boon aired... Pearls kopt too long in thoir.cuseB without exposure to the air got sick, their brightness deadons and they take gi'aduklly a yellowish tinge. This degonomtion of the EraprcB3' necklace was a vory serious matter,, and tho Court joweller was callod in. Ho ordered not merely fresh air but sea bathing for his patients, arid made arrangements that his proscriptions should bo followed. Under his., directions, a glass caso was constructed for the nocklacc— transparent, of courso, and so mado that tho pearls wliilo being ' secured had plenty of space round them, and a holo in the side of tho caso admitted the salt water. The case was next plunged deep. down into tho North Sea, not far from a spot chosen on the shore, and tho pearls are still' in thoir nativo oloment. It is said that sentries are posted day and night op posite the well-chosen bathing-place. Even in theso (lays of higher, education and more numerous openings for women, there are girls who liavo an , alinost niorbid dread of becoming old maids. And yet much worse- fates than that might happen to them. Many a girl looks on marriage as a vocation, who lias uovor thought of .two duties it ihvolvos; and I think (writes the author of "How to bo. Happy Though Married," in . tho Queen) . tor a woman to fail to inako and keep a homo happy is to he a "failure" in a. truer sense than to have failed to oatch a husband. That any husband is bettor thnn norio was not tho opinion of a corMih ' Irish": magistrate with whom wo. agrco. Ho, had askod a prisoner before him ; if ho. woro married. "No." "Then," ropliod tho' riiagistrato, "it's a fino1 thing for your wife." It is, indeed, a fino tiling for any girl who has escaped marrying a bad or even an in different husband. Botter far to bo laughed at by vulgar, stupid peoplo (only persons of this description would do it) for not being married than never to be able to laugh because you aro mnrried. In tlioir haste to bo married many womon aro too easily sutisfiod with tho characters of men who may offer themselves as hus bands. Tlioy aim at matrimony in the abstract: not tlio man, but any man. Many a girl lias been hurried into marriage by tho drcail ol' being called an "old maid," who lias repented that Btep to her dying day. Lctmotliers teach their daughters that, although a well-assorted marriage based upon mutual love and esteem may bo tho happiest calling for a woman, yet that nmrringo brings its peculiar trials as well as special joys, and that it is quite possible for a woman to be both useful and happy, although youth bo fled, nnd the crowning joys ofc life — wife and motherhood — havo passed her by or been voluntarily sur rendered. Tho Queen has finally decided, say3 tho World, to return to tlio hotel at Cimiez, as it has been arranged that tho building operations in tlio vicinity are to bo sus pended during her Majesty's visit, unless tlioy are finished boforo her arrival. Tho Queen will again liavo tho use of tho adjoiuirig Villa Liserb (Mr. Cazalet's), and tho grounds of tho Chateau do Valroso aro to ho placed at lior disposal. Tho Queen's tenancy of tho hotel is to begin on March 2, and Bho will pro- bably arrivo at Chnioz about 10 days after- J wards. Tho fino viows from tho hotel havo , been considerably obstructed by the new buildings; but to tuko anothor residonco for tho Queen would involvo great addi tional oxponBo. Orders to engage tho hotel woro telegraphed from Windsor Cnstlo to M. Dosse at Nice, after tho Queen had re ceived a personal report on tho subject from Colonel Carringten. Tho Duke of York is now tlio happy father of two sons, witli an interval of ono year five months and 21 days botweon tliom — Edward Albort Christian George Andrew Patrick David having been born on Juno 23, 1894, at tlio White Lodgo, Richmond. Including tho new York Prince, the Qucon's grent-grandcliildron, tho first of whom arrived 10 yoai'S ago, nunibor 25 (says tlio Westminster), Of tho Prince of Walos' four grandchildren, two aro children of tlio Duke of York, and two of tlio Duchess of Fife. Of tlio Empress Frederick's fourteen grandchildren, seven aro children of tlio Kaisar, tiirco of tlio Dneliuss of Sparta, two of Princess Marguerite, and ono of Princo Henry. Of tho lato Princess Alico's six grandchildren, three' are children of Princess Louis of Battenliorg, ono of tho Grand Duko of Hesso, ono of Princess Ircno, and ono of tlio Czarina. Of tho Duko of Saxo-Cohurg's throo grandchildren, two are children of the Crown Princoss of Rounmnin, and ono of tho Grand Duchess of Hesse. A lady scribo in The Sketch writes Wo havo had littlo, if any /earning of its appronohing ond; in fact," just lately, it sooiub to liavo burst forth into renewed lifo and almost aggressive vigour; and yot, for all that, tho days of the great sleovo uro liumbored, and it is doomod to an early death. Well, it liae lmd a long life, and a merry one; roignod ovor us all in most despotic fnshion, and hoeri responsible for ono long civil warbotwoon the coat and the dress, sioovos. And now it is all ovor, for the Maison Jay lias risen up and declared that the order of the sleovcs Bliull bo ohanged, and against their decrco there 1b no appeal in the kingdom of fashion. Thoroforo, mako np your mind to tho in evitable, in the shapo of a now sleevo, and a tight one at that. One such is thus deBoribcd : — Thoro is no suggestion of f ul- nlesB, tho arm being outlined closely and faithfully from shouldor to wrist by trans parent mauvo chiffon, slightly shirred and finished off, just whero it roaches tho hand, by a littlo cascado-frill of kilted chiffon and tho most minute of tie-bows. I can almost hear tho ghost of the Groat Sleovo crying aloud in anguish at tho sight ; and I think' wo will add our own littlo moan, for, honestly, I do not think" that, tho new sleovo is as bocoming as itB bulky prede cessor, though, doubtless, tho timo will coiuo when wo shall think quite differently. But our bodice must bo completed, and it is fashioned of the soft mauvo chiffon, tho throat loft quite bare, and with juBt a little kilted frill in tho front and at tho ,baok of tlio nock, whilo over tlio shoulders is drawn a graceful, triply frilled ficliu of white chiffon/wliich is caught into a waistband of dark violot ribbon velvet, fastened with a small gold buckle, and, in front, is con-, tinued into littlo cascade ends at each aide. Tho skirt is of Pompadour glnco, with broad stripes of white, finely striped with' black, and patterned with a showor of tiny single blossoms, alternating with other and equally broad stripes whero, on a plain white ground, appears a blurred design of small bouquets of many- coloured flowers. It is a lovely fabric, and its beauty is enhanced by tho . wonderful arrangement of tho stripes, which form a series of V's. Tho hat is a fitting crown to such a gown — a quaintly lovely affair, as it is, of white Logliorn, bordorod with mauvo, and witli threo rows of narrow volvet ribbon encircl ing tho crown, and each ono terminating in a tiny bow, wliilo undor tho brim, at tho left 6ido, aro massed together somo oxqui- site carnations in pink, heliotropo and violet. ... . Another dress is an entire contrast, and ' thore is a touch of tho old Puritan about; it which is very fascinating. .Both dresses' aro worn in tho now Adelphi play, " Ono of the Best," by Miss Millward. The material is pale forgot-me-not blue cloth, and the bodico has a pouch front opening over a full vost of white lisso and adomod at each side with many littlo rows, or rather straps, of fino white braid, oach finishod with a woo pearl button, tho samo design appearing again in the front and at tho sides of tho littlo plain basques, and, for tlio third and last time, on the sleeves, which are modest relations of the bishop family, and aro drawn into deep cuffs of pure white linen, edged with dark, string- coloured lace. Tlioro is a doep collar, too, of tlio linon and lace, and just bonoath it, at tho loft side of tlio bodice, thoro comes a chou bow of white satin ribbon, which in itself would liavo stanipod tho dresB as tho production of the MaiBon Jay, <to say nothing of the tightly drawn band of ribbon which encircles the waist and finishes off in loop-ends at tho right sido. A third dress is a poem materialised into corn spotted muslin, the bodico boasting of tho very dcepost and loveliest waistband which — oven at Jay's — I have over seen. It is of Mack volvet, and tho entire front is- occupied by a gold bucklo, hugo in size and ' square in shopo, while just abovo this band the bodico is surrounded by two littlo frills edged and hoadod with ribbon volvet — most uniquoly offoctivo thoy are, I can assure you— and then tho soft fulness of the top is drawn into a littlo neck frill, of muslin and volvot. As to tho sleovos they boast originally of a fow Boft and diminutive puffings, which morgo into drawn transparent folds, finishing with a littlo vclvot-bound frill, which falls over tho hand, almost to tho knuckles ; while ns to tho skirt, its softly hauging fulness is bordered with a littlo frill, edged, of courso, with tho volvot. Tlienimagino,as a finish ing touch to this loveliest of gowns, a hat with a brim of drawn muslin, piped with black velvet, which forms a perfect square, and which for trimming has simply a twist of black velvet around tho crown, tying in high loops in front. And, lastly, tlioro is a violet cloth gown, tho sido gores of tlie skirt hound witli nar row black moiro ribbon, and tlio bodico having a corselot on which arc laid sovoral rows of the ribbon, finishing in front in a sories of tiny bows, in each of which flashes a wee diamond buckle. Tho corselet is turned ovor at tlie top in a sort of revor, and above this comos a foam of softly draped whito chiffon, the sleeves being of plisso chiffon. If you add in imagination a smart little' cloth capo, lined with white satin, nnd hold oh _ at each sido of tlio shoulders in front with a diamond buckle (for it would not dare to voil tho beauties of that bodico front), and bound witli black moiro, and a lint of white moire, liueil with black velvet, and with a great scarf of ex quisite real laco drawn round tlio crown and tiod in an ononnous bow at tho back, tho tale of Miss Millward's now gowns will ho told, nnd, indeod, it forms most instruc tive rending, for in it Daino Fashion lias disclosed her future plans ; so, ns a result, you know what to expect from her during tho forthcoming season. A lecture on " Mon and Women," which fully sustained her reputation for lucid and pleasant exposition, was dolivered by Mrs. T. R. Andrews at tlio Atlicnumm Hall, Melbourne, last week, in tlio presence of a numerous audicnco. Sir William Zeal, President of the Legislative Council, occupied tlio chair. Mrs. Andrews began by contrasting the differences of tho physical characteristics of tlie sexes — tlio bolder lines of tho male figure with tho liner cuvves nnd moro perfect symmetry of tho female form, a piece of workman ship more finely finished. So also, eor- rcspondiilg with tho outer characteris tics, tho sexes were in contrast in their natures, and tho differences woro the same. The adoption of clothing by the human animal was an intelligent act, prompted by a reasoning foeulty. It was. at a very early stago, decided that the I dress of the sexes must be distinctive. Tlio divided garmont, which was the sub- I jeet of bucIi discussion at prcsont, was ! of Oriontal origin, and was adopted at a comparatively early period by tho northern European nations. Tho Amazons used tho divided garmont for war, but re sumed tho skirt for peace and domestic life. Modern European dross whb nearer perfection than any other that tho world had found. Tho loose garments of tlio ancionts wero moro artistic and pic turesque, but quite unsuitable in this pract ical nnd energetic nineteenth contury for tho clothing of mon who woro tho con temporaries of steam and oloetricity, and f whose nctivityand intelligence was making | tlio century tho greatest in history. With some regulation of weight and colour, according to times and seasons, man's dress would bo perfection. Woman'B dress, as represented by tho gown, was evolved through ages of history out of the growing scuso of tlio fitness of things. There lmd been some fantastic departures in woman's dross, but nothing so much out of keeping witli womanly fitness as tho so-called rational dross. (Applause.) Women might look well in it, but not womanly ; it was utterly incongruous with her face, her form and hor part in lifo. It was this sense of incongruity which accounted for tlio widespread dis approval with which men and women re garded tlio "rational" costume. The. strongest reason against the now coRtume, however, was the necessity for a distinctive garb for women. If woiuon were to woar knickerbockers thero was nothing for it but to put tho men into potticoats. (Laughter una applause). Mis. Andrews then analysed tho differences in tho intellectual and moral natures of tlie Boxes ; woman having tho liner moral sense and moro corfoct in tuition, whilo men were more practical and logical. Botli sexos woro chargeable with slight respect for tho truth ; but tho con temptible practice of slander, or scandal, as it was flippantly callod, was peculiarly a woman's proponsity. A- woman who would shrink from killing a fly would not hesitate to kill a reputa tion. (Applnuse.) But tlio majority of women, in Mrs. Andrews' oxperienco, wero kindly nnd truo. (Loud npplauao.) Woman slandered her own box from motives of jealousy; man slandoroil tho other sex from no motives at all. (Laughtor nnd applauso.) Vnuity of porsonal nppeor- anco was common to both, but displayed itsolf in different fonim ; tlio vain woman looked into a mirror witli anxiety, tlio vain man with complacency. Men woro really moro slaves to fnshion than women. Tlioy had a fow costumes for cortuin functions, and not ono would dare for his life to do part from rule. No man would dure to in troduce a moro suitnblo dross than broad cloth for our opprossivo climate — (ap plause) — wliorens women would modify a fnshion as thoy thought fit. History Bliowed that men stood out for pro-eminonco in cruelty ; ; nnd solfislincss also was essen tially masciilino. But idlonoss was a fami- nino vico 'in tho sense of entire abstention from work and action; tlio failure to realise that thero iB a neod for tho manifestation of woman's influonco, or tlmt thoro is anything in tho world for women to do. Tho physical courage of man was tlion contrasted with the emotional hcroisn of woman. Tlio topic of ambition oponcditlic question of professional occupa tion for women, and Mrs. Andrews took . occasion to remark that tho great disqualification of womon for Parliament was tlioir intoloranco of adverse opinion; a man might bo influ enced by convincing argument, but a woman — novor ! (Laughtor and upplauso.) Woman was a domestic doBpot, and pos sessed tlio Bpirit of a logiBlator, but with out tho qualities of a statesman. (Hoar, hear.) Womon would exoreiso greater economy in public expenditure ; but thoy would bo incapable of tho comprehending and planning involved in obtaining tho necessary rovonuo. But if woman wero un fitted for politics, tho function of wifo and mother Was as high ns that of any .Primo Minister. (Applause.) Mrs. Andrews concluded, hmid applauso, by oinphuNising the need for sympathy and understanding between man and woman. 