CHAPTER XLIV. At that moment Enid recalled, by one in stinctive flash of memory, the words that Binaries Evandale had said to her. If over she saw ‘the ghost’ again, she was to speak to ;t she was not to be afraid. God would take care of her. With a sort of mental clutch at the strength residing tn .th®se words, shs maintained heraelf in » Htting posture and looked the white woman full iu the face. Yes, it was Connie's face; but was it Con-' nie herself? For the figure made a strange threatening gesture, and glided etnoothiy to wards the door as if to disappear—though in natural and not very ghost-like fashion, for the door stood wide open, and it was the soft 000 l night breeze of summer that had opened Enid’s slumbering eyes. In another moment the visitor would be gone, and Enid would never know whether what she saw was a reality or a dream. That should not be. Strength and courage suddenly returned to her, inspired by the remembranoe of her lower and his words; she would speak. ‘ Why are you here J l ' she said. Still no answer. The figure glided on ward, and Its eyes, glittering and baleful, were never onoe removed from Enid’s face. 1 With one supreme effort, the girl sprang from the bed and threw herself in the straoge visitor’s way. The figure halted and drew baok. Enid laid a hand upon its arm. Ah, yes, thank heaven, she felt the touch of flesh and blood 1 No weird reflected image of a wandering brain was before ber; a woman—only a wicked desperate woman— stood in her way. Eujd was not afraid. 1 Constance,’she said, ‘ why are you here?’ The woman dashed down detaining hand. She knew that it was no use to as sume any longer the character with which she had hoped to impress the mind of the sensitive, nervous, delicate girl. She; waß ho ghost indeed; she cnnld figure no longer as a nightmare in Enid’s memory; .She stood revealed. But ehe did not lose her Belf-pos seßsion. After a moment's pause ehe spoke with dignity. ‘I oame here,’ she said, ‘to Bee whether you were sleeping quietly. Surely I may do so much for my husband’s nieoe ?' ' And what were you doing there?’ said Enid, pointing to the mantelpiece. ‘ Why were you tampering with what Mr Ingledew sends me to take?’ ‘ Tampering, you silly girl ? You do not know the meaning of your own words.’ ‘Do I not? What have you in your hand ?’ She graeped at the little phial which Con nie had half hidden in the white folds of her dreßsing-gown, grasped at it, and succeeded, by the quickness of her movement, io wrenching it from Mrs Vane’s hand. Then, even by the dim light of tho candle, ehe conld see that Connie'e color waned and that her narrow eyes were distended with Bad den fear. ‘Why do you take that? Give It me baok.’ ‘ Yes,’ Baid Enid, upon whom the exoite ment had acted like a draught of wine, giving color to her face and decision to her tones—‘yes, when I have found out what it contains.' ‘ You little fool, yon will not know when yon look at it.’ ‘ I will keep it and aßk Mr Ingledew or Mr Evandale. You were pouring from it into the medicine that Mr Ingledew gave me—for what purpose you know, not I.’ A gasp issued from Connie’s pale lips. Her danger was clear to her now. ‘Give it back tome,’ she said, ‘I will have it; I tell you I will.’ Enid’s hand was frail and slight; not for one moment conld she have resisted Mrs Vane’s superior strength; for Connie oould be strong when occasion called for strength, and she did not try. With a quick Bweep of her arm she hurled the little bottle into the grate. It brnke into fragments as it fell, the crash striking painfully on the ear in the stillness of the night. The two women looked into encli other's faces; and then Connie quailed, and fell back a step or two. ‘ What good or harm will that do ?’ she asked, slowly. ‘ Why did you break it?' ‘Better for it to be broken than need for other’s harm.’ ' How do you know that it.wns meant to do harm ?' 'I don’t know it; I feel it. I am snre of it. If you lie and cheat and rob, where will yon stop short? Is it likely that I of all people aan trust yon ?' Constance caught at the bed na if for sup port. She was trembling violently; bat her face had all ita old malignancy as ehe said— ‘Yon are going to slander mo to yoor uncle, I suppose ? Everyone knows that yon would gain if I—l and little Dick, were out of the way.’ Enid looked at her steadily. ‘ Yon aro very clever, Constance,’ she said, ‘ and it is exceedingly clever of yon to mention little Dick to me. ’You know that I love him, although I do not love you. I shall do no harm to him that I can help. Bat this—this burden is more than I can bear alone. I shall go to another for help. 1 ‘ Yon have promised to speak to nobody but Hubert on the subject,’ Baid Connie, turning upon her with a look of tigress-like fury. ‘ To nobody but my husband or my pro mised husband.’ ‘ And that is Hubert.’ ‘No; it is not Hubert.' •Not Hubert? Then who—who?’ ‘That is nothing to you. You will hear in good time. You have no right to ques tioo me; you lost your authority over me long ego.’ ‘Not Hubert?’ Connie repeatod odob more, ae if bewildered by the news. Then Bho burst into a low wild Inngh. ‘ You are right;’ ehe said. ‘He has replaced you already; he is desperately in love with Cyu thin Westwood, tho daughter of the man who murdered your father, and he haß given you up. He never cared for yon; he wanted your money only. Did that never oocur to your innocent mind? As soon as he is bet ter, he will make Cynthia his wife.’ «He is free to do so if he pleases,’ said the girl, with a touch of 6coro in her voice. * I am thanfnl to eecspa from yon both. You will not expect me to live nnder the same roof with you again.’ ‘ Go where you please,’ returned Con etance, ‘say and do what yon please; I shall bo only too glad to think that I Bhall never Bee yonr face again. I alwaya hated you, Enid Vane; from the time that you were a child I hated you, as I hated your mother before yon. Soma day you will perhaps know why.’ ‘I don’t want to know. I have alwaya felt that you hated me,’ said Enid, the hot color receding from her cheeks. She waß one of those people on whom the conscious ness of being disliked produces a chilling effeot. ‘ But I never hated yon; I do not bate you now. Oh, Connie, is there no way of Betting things straight without letting anybody know ?' Constance sneered at the almost child-like appeal. • For myself,’ she said, ‘I have a resource which will not fail me even if yon do your worst. Da you think that I would ever live to boar public disgrace ? Not for 24 hoars. Remember this, Enid Vane—the day when the whole Btory, as we know it, oomes to light will be my last. If yon betray me, yon will be my murderess. You will have killed me as truly as ever—as ev»r a cruel assassin killed your father Sydney Vane.’ With a gesture of her arm, as if to keep the girl "from ‘touching her, she swept to wards the epen door. Enid did not attempt to stop her. A sensation of awe, of affright even, seized her aa Bhe watched the white figure gliding eteadily along the passage until the darknesß hid it from her view. Then she sank down on the bed once more, trembling and afraid. The desperate bold ness which had for a long time possessed her was succeeded by a reaction of horror and dismay. How could Bhe hide herself from Connie’s hate—how Bave herself from Con nie’s Bure revenge? As ehe thought of theße things, she knew by certain well-marked symptoms that one of her old attacks of almost cataleptic stupor was coming upon her. In the old days sha would have succumbed to it at ono“. But Evandale’a words rang in her ear. What had he Baid ? He thought that she might control herself—that Bhe might prevent these nervous seizures from overcoming her. She sat up and by a vio lent effort ronsed herself a little. TTien she tried the experiment of walking across the room to the open window, where the freeh air revived her. A glass of water, a few turns across the room, and, quite suddenly she waß ones more mistrsßS of herself. She had conquered the feeling of faintness—con quered the terrible rigidity of limb which used to attack her at these times. The reotor’s words had proved the tonic that her weakened nervea seemed to require. For the first time in ber life she was a con queror. There wsb no reason why she should not conquer again and again notH her nerves recovered their toae, end the fatal tendency wan overcome. New strength came to her with this con sciousness. She lighted a lamp and donned a drossing- gown; then, after a little delibera tion, Bhe went to Parker’s room. She fonnd the maid up and partially dressed. There was a scared look on the woman’s face which caused Enid to suspect that her conversation with Mrs Vaue had been par tially if not altogether overheard. But this Enid resolved not to seem to know. [To be continued next Saturday.) 