THE PATCHES© C0TT0J9 KASBKEECHIEP. By JAMES McGOVAJST. Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," "Strange Clues," "Traced and Tracked," "Solved Mysteries," &c.; Part II. Search as I might I could not discover that Matthews had ever kept company with criininais, yet he had been taken in the very act of housebreaking, with the footsteps of his companion mingling with Ins own m the snow outside the.house. Another peculiarity was that he persisted in making a noise about his ease, and calling in his minister and a lawyer, ..:h1 writing dozens of letters to influential men, and continually protesting that lie was tiie victim of a conspiracy. Professional bii rglars usually take arrest very quietly; this one made noise enough for twenty innocent men. 1 was greatly puzzled, and once or twice caught myself speculating as to whether the blow 011 the head with the tongs might not have suddenly b'ottecl out the past from his memory, although lic£ren>ained to all appear ance as sane as myself. After about a week of wonderment a new light was thrown upon the mystery by the appearance at the Central of another joiner, wiio gave the name of Allan Chapman. This man came in nervously and asked for me, not knowing that he was speak ing to the very man lie sought. He was a fair headed, wiry fellow of about 28, with a pink 'lush on his cheeks, which made him look very attractive. Judging as a man, I should have thought him far handsomer than Matthews, and it was this fact which led me to doubt some of his statements. " You've got a fellow called Matthews here in prison charged with housebreaking," he said in a flurry of excitement, " and I've come here to say that I think 1 can prove that lie is innocent. I read all about the case in the papers, and I didn't want to come, but I've been thinking and thinking about it till I could get no rest and so I've come. He's no friend of mine, and I've no reason to wish him well, for he cut me out of getting the only lassie I ever cared for, so you can take your oath that all I say in liis favor is true. We used to lodge together, but we quarrelled six months ago over a girl called Cornfoot and separated." '•'But what has that got to do with the housebreaking case?' I asked in marked wonderment. "A great deal, as you'll see in a minute, for after I discovered his peculiar habit I found that it always came on him when . he was excited about that girl. I had a hot round with him about her one night and lay awake" for an hour or two beside him. He slept sound till one o'clock and then got up and dressed himself, not in his working clothes, but in the ones he used when he went to see Jeanie. I got marl at that, for I thought he must be slipping out to see her and I only allowed liim to get out of the house and then jumped up and dressed to follow, but I lost sight of him and had to come in again. He. was out for two hours and when lie came in I was sitting in my clothes waiting him to have another row. He came in with his eyes wide open, but looking straight before him, and never spoke to me or saw me, but took off his clothes, put out the light, and went to bed. He was fast asleep all the time." "How "do you know he was asleep? Don't you know that there are sham sleep- walkers ?' I sharply remarked. . "1 know by the amazed way he answered me next morning when I asked him if he had got up in the night time. _ There was no shamming about that; lie_ said he had never stirred all the time after lying down. I didn't like to tell him about it, for to tell, the truth I was hoping I might use the knowledge of it to scare Jeanie from marrying him, and I wanted to get a witness before I let out on him; but before another chance came they were engaged and the day fixed for the wed ding, so I never spoke. I saw him get up twice after that in the same way and go out of the house. I've no idea what he did when he was out. He may have broken into houses. Per haps he is a thief in his sleep and an honest man when he is awake; but I can swear he is a sleep-walker." This statement would have seemed more in credible but for the curious incident already noticed to me. by Mattheivs's landlady; but though Chapman was evidently sincere I was still suspicious of it being a plot to get off his old companion. I, therefore decided to take the bull by the horns by questioning Matthews himself, and visited him in the cells for that purpose. "Do you know a man named Allan Chap man?' I began. "He says you used to lodge together and has been here about this charge against you." "Oh, you needn't believe a word he says against me, for he would do anything to get Jeanie to himself," said Matthews very briskiy. " Of course he has no chance, but you can't get a mail to believe that." " Indeed ?" I dryly answered, " but suppose he didn't speak against you ?' " That's impossible — he has said worse things to me than any other man dared to say. I tell you there's no love lost between its, and you'd better be careful how you listen to him." "I shall be careful. Now, there's just another question I want to ask you. Were you ever in the habit of walking in your sleep ?" He flushed up hotly, and spoke out prompt and decisive " Never ! If anybody says that he's a liar." "Then how did you come to he so far from home when you should have been in bed ?' "I don't know; I must have been drugged and taken there by somebody. I have no recollection of walking there—fm sure I didn't walk—I must have been taken." " That seems to me a very stupid statement," I quietly returned. "Do you not see that it would be a very good defence for you to make —the plea of sleep- walking Again the hot flush came into his cheeks. '•What! Do you think I'd swear a lie for the sake of getting off ?' he cried in great in dignation. " No, no ; that's not my way." "Good ! But suppose it's not a lie. Don't you know that sleep-walkers are as uncon scious of their actions as if they were only dreaming in bed ? I myself once got up in the middle of the night, dressed, and was out of the house for half an hour, came back, went to bad, and next morning would not believe I had not been in bed all the time. I don't know that I ever did it before or since. It is a blank to me, absolutely. Matthews looked staggered and thought for a few moments. " Well, it's possible. I may have walked in my sleep, but I can't advance that as a plea, for I really know nothing about it." He was of a very dogged and stubborn nature and from this position he would not budge. He seemed, indeed, to have very grave doubts of having walked in his sleep— he thought somnambulism possible, but not pro bable, and I fear would have run a great risk of being convicted but for a curious twist which came to the ease from an unexpected source. I happened to be standing in the Pleasance one afternoon talking of the case to a man keeping an eating-house there and chanced to allude to the patched cotton handkerchief, when the man startled me by saying— " Patched, was it: Why, there was a cross cove in here about a week ago carrying a bundle under his arm done up in a hankie like that. Ho had a pig's foot and a hot polony; a little chap with greasy cuffs. There was another outside, hut I didn't see him so well." As the roan before me was a ticket-of-leave man whom I could trust I took down a minute description of the eater of polonies and pigs' feet, and in half an hour was down at the foot of the Canongate hunting for a man named Teddy Trainer, who was the only being on earth who could possibly fit that description. Teddy was not at home, but I found him at the bar of a public- house close by. He started painfully at sight of me, but resumed his glass with a jerk, and was in the act of taking it to his lips wiien I slowly unfolded the patched cotton handkerchief and held it up before him like a flag of danger. Teddy was not used to such surprises, and he dropped the glass among the sawdust at his feet, and gasped out— "What! liar- 'Mealy Bags' peached2" There were several gasps of words following these which are never seen in print, the pur port of which were that his boon companion "Mealy" might look out for murder when they met. History repeats itself. An hour later when I met "Mealy" and again un folded the patched handkerchief he started and shouted— "What! has Teddy Trainer peached V" and the string of_ words which followed were of the same unprintable nature as Teddy's. In different cells they each generously gave the ownership of tho tools and the patched handkerchief to the other; but _ I was able with some trouble to apportion these articles moro justly between tho two; and the result was the joyful release of Matthews and the subse quent trial and conviction of Teddy, Mealy being accepted as a witness for tho Crown. From Mealy's evidence it appeared that they had been "in the arc of breaking into Mr. Beith's house—Teddy being actually in the place and Mealy on the watch—when the latter was startled by what he took to bo a "walking dead man" gliding past 'him towards the house with fixed eyes and rigid arms. To Mealy's disordered faculties the apparition appeared to "glide," not walk and it was his scream of terror which caused Teddy to drop his tools and his valuable "wipe" and run like the wind, while tho "walking dead man" disappeared in at the open window they had loft. When he was shown the joiner Matthews, Mealy admitted that he bore a striking resemblance to tho corpse which had scared him, but he still had a vague idea that he had seen a ghost and could [ not conceive how a real man should pass him j without making a grab at him or shouting an I alarm. " Wait till I gets yer," was Teddy's remark i to tho witness : ho left the box, "I'll .ghost) yerbut as Mealy had five years'^ grace the threat did not seem to depress him greatly. As I left the courtroom after the trial I found Matthews and his sweetheart waiting for me, Jeanie leaning on his arm and looking the very picture of beauty and joy. " Will you ever forgive me, Mr. McGovan'i" she said in deep contrition. "I don't know all I said to you, but I'm sure it was very severe and unjust." "Oh, that's nothing to mei" I laughingly returned. "You know I'm a married man. A woman's bark is aye waur than her bite, and you know you were stabbed straight in the heart, so it is no wonder you lired up. I hope you'll be happy together." They wanted me to go to their wedding, but though I could not manage that I had the satisfaction of hearing that Allan Chapman not only did so, hut acted as best man as well. There are a few heroes still left in the world. 