About Bodices. In all the ages, no matter what variations, in the skirt have taken place, the bodice has remained practically intact, and the low corsage, as a mark of fall dress—or un dress, shriek the reformers—has been a ! rule of fashion's mysterious realm through ! many centuries. It is noteworthy, how 1 ever, that the Greek and Boman dress was | not so low-necked. 1 When one reaches Holland, though in the fourteenth century, one finds that fashion decreed an amazing display of chest or bust on the part of itB belles, both married and single. Two centuries later the idea found fa vour among the court dames in France of still further accentuating the ivory splen dour of their pectoral charms by wearing a tall fan-like ruff, out of which the head and bust seemed to have bloomed suddenly like a lily between large leaves. This style lingered in the world along time, and there are signs that it may be resuscitated j before many moons. It is undeniably very beautiful, giving, as it does, to slender figures a peculiarly winged or aerial ap I pearance through the labyrinths of the ; waltz. The bodice in the days of Marie I Antoinette had a certain chaste severity, despite the liberal margin it gave for a [ presentation of one's charms in those bright days just before the dark clond of the French Be volution burst and flooded France. Then, with impartial wave, it I swept away the two chief setters of fashion ! —Marie Antoinette, the chaste, good queen, j and Mme. I«a Pompadour, the royal dame ] of scarlet. The reign of the common peo ple began in earnest, and as one of its j minor sequences the Marie Antoinette I bodice slipped out of fashion. Many still j remember tbe unsightly boop skirt and ! crinoline of thirty odd years ago, and the i recent attempt, fortunately unsuccessful, j to revive it two year since. With the ad i vancement of education in things artistic i the tendency will naturally be toward sim j plicity in dress, after the Greek and Boman j model. As to the question of the morality of the low corsage, is not the evil after all, ; with the low mind rather than the dress which shocks some rabid reformers ? Kb purer, no chaster a race ever lived than the Spartans. Yet their women were ! in the habit of appearing just as God made tbem—with beauty unadorned—in the public gymnasium where men were spec tators, and among the Japanese women, where lack of purity in conduct on the part of a married woman is punishable with death, it was the custom till very recently to bathe in public bathhouses, wheri: men bathed also, without the least covering. The writer remembers seeing in Tokio, during the year 1S73, Japanese mothers taking their young children into the pbblic bath with the bl ashless unconcern of Ere before the fall—the fall of man and the rise of the dressmaker. The question with some students of style is: Will the corsage disappear altogether, or will the feminine reformers succeed in rebuilding or building higher this last breastwork of alleged modesty ? But as our ghost grandmothers waltzed in decolette gowns, it is barely, very barely possible, our great-grandchildren will do the same. 