Tiie Ungrateful ftTine-Teutlis. A SERMON BY THE REV. DR. TALMAGE. . r- (Continued from last week). WHEN YOU GO HOME TO-NIGHT, >" the first thing you will touch will not b» the small knob of the wine closet, but it will be the Bible on the stand. Thlg is to be the night of you dlsenlhrolmenf. Oh, wife of the shadowed heart, he will not drink any more. He sets his foot down this very moment hard, and puts his teeth together very tight, In a reso lution never to drink any more. Be not surprised if, at the close of this service he comes up one of these aisles asking how hie soul may be saved! Within ondi hour I think all heaven will hear that crash of hlB broken manacles. And now I will select someone In the audi ence that you wUl be Burprleed at. You' know that in every assemblage thers are the best and the worst. You lookj over the audience to-night, and you see hundreds of men In whose Integrity yoff have full confidence. I do not select that class. I shall take the one hundred in the audience who are the worst — whrt consider themselves the worst But I- must narrow the subject down, and' 1 shall take the twenty out of that hun dred who are the worst. Still I hav(j not gained my point. I shall talce thai five who are the worst out of all thqi twenty. But I have not yet gained my, point, and I shall take the one who is worse than all the rest of the five. I come to 1 THE WORST MAN IN THIS ASSEM BLAGE. I do uot know where he sits. I confront him. He says. "I acknowledge that I have been all wrong. I have committed every kind of sin during the course of my lifetime. I have been a scoffer, art Infidel, a libertine — my whole life has been a congeries of transgressions." Myi brother, you are about the last one that we would expect to repent; hut, like the' unexpected Samaritan, you will comq to-night. I am not a priest, with stole and tonsure and canonicals, to hear your! confession. I do not want you to tell me the story of your sin. I only am waiting to see you throw yourself at the feet of Christ. The pull of the Holy Ghost on1 your soul this moment Is mightier than the pull of the world. If men could see your transgressions, you would be rid dled with the shot of their indignation;! but God sees all your sin, from the first to the last, and yet He is ready to throw; over you the broadest benediction. Oh' that poor distraught soul ! It is strug gling through everything. It is climb ing over everything. It is pressing oni towards the Cross. IT IS FULL SET FOR HEAVEN. 7 This is to be the hour for the redemp tion of Herods, and Neros, and Ababa and Jezebels, and Athalias, and Bels hazzars, and Absaloms. Come. thS proudest. Come, the hardest. Come1,- those most protracted in iniquity Room, room, for that cleansed Samari tan leper ! y- 3\. I come now to the climax of my sulj- ject, and see how the majority of peopl act after Christ has blessed them. There are ten lepers going to be inspected byj the health officers at Jerusalem, when,''; by one flash of miraculous power from! the heart of Christ, their sores dry up;l' their feet, that could not touch the ground without pain, became traust-v lient; their faces, which were written all over with hieroglyphics of cancer ancf elephantiasis, become the pictures of in- I telllgence and health. O, bow thankful I they will be. You expect them to clap, I their bands, and say, "Where is Christ % J I must rush into Ills presence with loiid W— ' — — " ' — — — 1 acclaim. I must t'fll r-vr-iyLnrl;. :ib>>ut this cure. If Cl-.risi luis n-ver l.ad : , bed to sleep on. llu-n I wtll !'">-i<ar.- Him a p:r.o-.v; it He has mv-r bad a homn, , tli'.-n „„ I WILL RT'ILD HTM A IKfl What can I do 1'or tiiis Physician who lias cure d in<: ? Alas. nu ' thf-> Co on; only otto o. the ten turns hard; to eivo ood thr- r.i c>. X'. v. dn'J' V that w 1 1 i T « - J'-:-us IovInuSy ;n ic- nov.l. d ,:.'d 111.' c va U- i'til li-rnvior of the f Hr- fltr.tp Hh- <;irar>iT--h:-t!"!) jMt'l ir.'l iqnn ll"-n at all tlx- : t, c-t-y-.npr. \y ! t'n-j-e nit t<ui i ' ans-.l 7 hot vlx-:.- ate the nine- ?" TV- It, U is .iust fi.j ill all the cliurclion there arc a pi- at number of nitrates wl.o l.av" tra-n rbanped by the grace of God, who have bwn cured of the leprosy, but have never dared to say so. Privately ash thein, " Do you love the Lord Jesus Christ ?" "yes." Privately say to them, " If you were to die to-night, v. here would you go to 7" "To heaven." Privately say to them, "Have you been \- cured of your spiritual diseases 7" They would say, "Yes, I think I have." Pub- \- Holy they have NKVUIl SAID ANYTHING ADOPT IT. When Communion day arrives, here and ' there one comes back, and. in the pre sence of men, angels, and devils, es pouses the cause of Christ publicly, but the rest go the other way. Bo that every pastor on Communion day may wave his hand over the table and say, " Were there not ten cleansed ? but where are Die nine ?" These spiritual defaulters ' are playing hide-and-seek in religion. They are trying to smuggle their souls into heaven. Cleansed of the leprosy, (hey are ashamed or afraid to tell who their doctor was; skulking in and out amid excuses which will stand them in good stead neither on the deathbed nor in the Day of Judgment. O, that after Christ has done so much for them, they should do so little for Christ! Christ took their leprosy; they are not willing to take His name. O, the ingratitude, the perfidy, of that man who has been changed by the grace of God, but does not say so ! Communion day comes, and the members SIT DOWN AT THE LORD'S SUPPER, But you, my lnotlu r, take your hat and leave. Treason! treason against the Lord that bought you with His blood, from tlie cleaving of the first vein to the emptying of the last artery! "Was Christ unfair and unreasonable when He asked of you a public espousal ? "Were there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine ?" My subject has also a forceful arraignment for all the unconveited people in this assemblage, Have you not all received enough mercies from ' the hand of God to make you throw yourselves at the feet of Christ ? "Who cured your child of the scarlet fevei ? ' Who has given you a pleasant home 7 Who has provided you with a liveli hood? At whose table have you been fed? At whose fountains have you been drinking 7 Who has kept all that won derful machinery of your body In mo tion, so that your lungs inhale, and your heart drums, -and your pulses beat ? YOU ARE A WALKING MIRACLE. ' If God should take His goodness away from you for one hour, you would be blind and deaf and dumb and tortured and sick and dead. And yet you tuin your back upon this Jesus, and go off with the nine lepers ! Just clutch the all' and see how much of it you can hold " in the palm of your hand. None. But God holds 111 His hand your breath, and ijjg opening and shutting of that hand p decides whether you shall breathe or t- die. Daniel says so. Job says so. Yet you have turned your back upon Him, and gone off with the nine lepers ! "God, In whose hand thy hrcatli Is, hast thou ' not glorified." He has fed you and shel tered you and nurtured you and defen ded you. and blessed you in ten thou sand ways, and yet you go off with the nine lepers ! O, you ungrateful souls '. Here is a thanklcF.sness enough to make men weep for a thousand years. You have not treated your worst earthly enemy as badly as you have treated my Lord Jesus Christ. If tills moment you were faint and sick, and I should hand you this glass of water, and you bad strength enough left, you would say, "I thank you"; and yet Christ has been holding out the chalice of His love to wards you all these years, an you dash It back in His face, saying, f' We will no.t have this Man, 'Christ Jesus, to reign over us!" Does not your nyrp heart condemn you ? Now, Ire frank.- Do you not see it is unreBsonabieiot to love and serve God ? Do you.-Vibl. under stand that Christ Is your "beht friend? He has been your best friend in all the past. He Is the Friend that you need for all tlie future. (To be concluded next week). A conference of metropolitan and sub urban clergy and Sunday school super- Jnlciidenls, with the council of the Church of England Sunday school As sociation. was. by invitation of Bishop Goe and Mrs Goe. held on Monday at Bisliopscourt for the purpose of discus- e'lijr subjects arising out of the oflic-ial \- visitors reports in connection with their visitations to the Sahhatli schools of the church. There was a large attendance, tad Interesting papers were read by the l.evs. J. C. Love and Reginald Stephens. The division cf time into two hours as known to the Babylonip.ns since L remotest times of antiquity. The ruby in the centre of tlie Maltese 3s>oss on the top of the British mown is .he stone that was given to the Black Innee by King lYihn (,f Castile after the battle id Nej.i ra. Henry V. of Eng land wore ii in his helmet at the battTe r'f Aglucourt 