DAI OF BEST. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AGE. [Br rna Bay. Da. Paton.] f Conoludcd. J On tho eurfaoo of {the aooial world, also, there are some unlovely features that may well giro uspausa Tho barest mention of a few, of these is all that is required for our immediate purpose. L On nearly every side of us there can bo observed an increasing impatience of authority, both in matters of opinion apd action. Parental and other control-is often and openly set at defiance, A contemptuous disregard of the wisdom and oapacitv of others ■.is, on tho part of many, coupled with an esti mate of their own qualifications nearly as ex travagant. 2. Along with this, again, thero j is ajnanifest decadence of strong and sterling individuality of character. An artist, let us say, appears in print or pulpit, onstageor plat- j form, who hite tho populartaste, and forthwith j all the world raves about him for a season. Few havo tho hardihood to express disagree- j rnent with the common verdict, though they may think it. Or the quotation in shares is promising, the tide rises, and men in swarms embark on the venture only to find themselves again and again swept at last 111 tho vortex of disappointment and despair, and all because they will not or cannot stand alone. For lack of foroe and,stability they dwindle and de £finprate into moral pigmies and become gre garious creatures, like 'sheep or invertebrate creaturQs like moll uses. 3, Tho Ipve of osten tation and the promptings of rivalry arc re sponsible for not a Utile misery as -well to body as to bouI. In order to present a fair show to the world superhuman efforts are put forth as long as possible. In some circles tbo honest paying of one's debts ib regarded as one of those antiquated obligations that have now become obsolete. But indood it may well bo questioned whether the Church her self is altogether free of blame in this' matter. For has she not time and again too easily, almost too recklessly, incurred liabili ties with no immediate prospect of thoir dis charge? Is it to bo wondered at, then, that tho mon of tho world should vie with each other in keeping up appearances and seek to make people believe that they are in aiflucntcir cuinstances whether they are so or not, even , though they do all this at tho expense of others? 4. Closely allied to this is tho pre valent passion for wealth. It has well been designated a race in which tho competitors aro many and tho victors are few, though, of course, it is not a vice peculiar to the ninotcentli century. And it would bo easy to indulgo in tho empty platitudes, the bitter invectives, or the fervent admoni tions, tho subject so frequently provokes. But that would hero and now be out of place. Enough if I remind yon onoe moro of tho fearful sacrifioe often made in the gratification of the desire in two profound and remarkable lines—" Still, _ as of old, man by himself is 1 priced: for thirty pieces Judas sold hiinsulf, not Christ." 5, And what about the universal craving for excitement, to which cvorythingis made to minister, and from which hardly any ©scapo? To be in a perpptual whirl seems the normal condition of maby. Dissipations of a mild or malignant type, amusements ridiculous or sublime, sports cruel or kindly, pleasures enervating or refreshing—those appear to absorb tho-best thoughts and engago tho noblest affections of multitudes. Consequently there is a great want of dignity and quiet, sanity and sobriety, mental balance and oqui poiseabout. ''Plain living and high thinking . aro no more," Self-conservation, self-culture, and self-oontrol are treated as oxtiuet virtues. Time or inclination for reading or thought there i» none. Everybody is in a hurry. Sou - oommuruon and Ood - com munion are neither attempted nor desired 6\. The mention of ono other disagreeable feature of tho ago wii! end tlio catalogue witli jbpt oempleti'ng it. We will denominate it the Mepii&fcoplielian; tendency, By this is meant -not so toi'ch the atheistic spirit that leads a man roundly .to deny the reality of the Being, beauty, and barn?fieleno'J.of <mr i' ather-God, as tho diabolic epirlt which refuses to believp that thoro is any tiling really good or great, heroic or noble, honourable oT ,n human nature, or, indeed, anvwlisro. ,iyorything that has an air of loveliness or a look oT en-fl" lenoe about it is doubted, d.-.rided, decried. Acoording to the oynio, nothing is done or borne or suffered or sacrificed in Church, State, home, or society, except from the base-it and most unworthy of motives. The trail of tho serpent is over everything. Tlics hope of foe or reward here or hereafter explains all human activity and endurance. Hank selfish ness reigns. No rnan serves God, no man does good for nought. The olectrio stale of the political atmosphere in those colonics, charged as it is with so , manyelementa of disturbance, furnishes an in viting table of interesting subjects for exposi tion and criticism. But even woro I suffi ciently oooversant with tiiem to deal with these exalting themes—which I do not pretend to be—it would extend our present survey too far to attempt to subject them to any kind of analysis or review. The urgent question, therefore, for U9 and the servants of Christ everywhere is. how arc we to oope with these misdirected energies and inimical foTCost In the interests of our brother-men, both within and without the Church, we dare not ignore them. They bulk too large in our modem life for us to treat them as a negligible quantity. Moreover, we are every one of us called, both by precept find example, to emu late the Master who came to seek and to save that whiffi was lost. Vehement denunciation will, of itself, accom plish nothing. The evils themselves must neither be made too much of nor too little. They must be weighed in the balances of the Bnnotuary. The old Apostolic behest still lies upon us. It still bohovos us to strive with one accord to turn men from all these vanities to serve tho living God. And, happily for thoin and fur us, the resources of Christianity are the very eame in weight, character, fulness, freanass, as they over were, so that we need not hesitate to undertake the task allotted to ns 1, Wo roust first of all bmyaro of preferring anything whatever to Christ, Church, creed, constitution, polity, traditions, aohieveroonts, sacraments, pastors, yea, the Bible itself, must give place to Hiin. As windows wherewith to, sea liiro, pathways whereby to approaoli Him, rooms wherein to hold liira, they may bo unspeakably precious. But if they become like walls that intercept Him, then they play a paTt for which tlicy wore never intended, robbing both God and man of their dues. Take any one of these, tho Church for in&tanoo;, ae an illustration. Designate it by what opithet you please, Catholic, continental, national, or provincial. In.up case is tho Church to be re garded as in any senso the sovereign author or the supremo object of faith. Christ liaa.it is true, maintained, redeemed, and espoused her. But iior jurisdioti >n is notco-ordinate with His. Sbo is no divinity to bo adored. In one word, she is only a moans, uot an end, Tho Church is no doubt Ilia body, but what is a body without au informing soul? Surely the living agency that animates tho whole is in finitely greater than tho mechanical structure, howcyer wondprfui, tg jyiiich it imparts vitality and moventont. A now bt'bablOn she undoubtedly is, but a oroation* still. Ideally she is, what, in fact, she is to bo, a glorious Church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing. Hut llis rival or poor ar substi tute she is not, and never can be. Instead, therefore, of idolising an institution, oven as divine as the Ohurch is, we would rather say with the great Dr. Chalmers, "Who oarea about any Church but as an instrument of Christian good*" In like maimer must every thing ecclesiastical be subordinated to Ohriat, so that Jle may stand out pro- eminent and alone in His unapproachable majesty and grace. 2\. In pursuit of this polloy it behoves uu to use all lawful means for attracting men to the bouse of God. The services of thessnotuary must nut, it is true, be allowed to degenerato into mere entertainments. Entertainments arc for the most p>rt intended to mitigate, reduce, suspend, or banish thought. Tho highest preaching provokes, enforoes, com pels thought. Entertainments are supposed to gratify an audienco. The best sermons may please the least. Who has not heard the story of Louis XIV. and tho Court Chaplain of the day—"When I hear other preachers," said tho King to Mas.silion, "I am ploased with them ( but when I hear you I am displeased witli myself." To arrest the un thinking, to soften tho callous, to confirm the weak, to cheer the disconsolate, to raiao and build up and consecrate all, is of course a part of tho magnificent function of the'pulpit: but all this is in nowise incompatible with tho most strenuous endeavours to invest our ser vices with ovory lawful interest and attrac tion. We ought to avail ourselves of all mi oh aids as are within our reach—musical, dovo tional, 1 torary, rhetorical—so long as these are made subservient to the supreme objects of the public worship of God. Evangelistic agency, open-air preaching, houso-to-house visitation—not so much by the ministers as by our congregational constituencies—are foun tains of efficient resource in the work of the Lord which have hardly been tapped by us. ■3. J be dormant activities of conscience j must, if possible, again bo brought into opera tion. Bvery son of man, and not tho greatest ! oely, is Rent into the world to do tho will of-, God, Strength of character in its worthiest j forms La the child of reverence. Law, not , licence, produces a manly independence. A, loyal submission to the Divine Voice where- . ever lieard ia tho best warrant and guarantee for tho duo recognition pf all turf^T-consto : , "v "wi. viwiflwtjuuu m her time plays many parts, At one time she makes cowards of us all, but anon she makes us heroes. And in this connection sho espe cially makes us good members of tho household and worthy citizens of the S'ato, because the principle of obedience to all legitimate authority i? already enshririod and enthroned in our hnarls, in the exercise of supremo loyalty to the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. i. We must also more and more cultivate simple, oleari, gracious, kindly, unworldly, beautiful living, after the example of_ Christ. The only insuperablo argument for Christianity is, as you all know right well, the ovidonco of a Christ-like life. Against that the shafts of ridicule arc shot and the weapons of hostility wielded in vain. Life-like miniatures of Jesus the Christ "etched by the Divine Artist Him self are fee's and phenomena in the spiritual world incontrovertible, indestructible, and almost irresistible. 5\. Tt should also lie madeolear ihafcprovision has been made in natnro and grace for tho gratification of everv truly natural desire under its own proper conditions. The instinct of property, for example, which displays itself almost in infancy, finds ilsTiltimate fulfilment in the possession and enjoyment of Godv and that, too, without detriment to the happiness of others. The desires for society, for knowledge, and for approbation, again are in their hi ghost forms and phases met and answered in God. G. The equal standing of all men in Christ Jesus is another important element of Christian doctrine which is adapted to tho conditions of those international times of ours. Paul's sample alternatives on this head can bo multiplied indefinitely. His " Neither Jew nor Greek, bond nor freo, circumcision nor uncircumoision," can be supplemented by our " noithor English nor Chinese, employer nor employed, Humanist nor Protestant, lay nor oleno," &o.; All in Christ arc one, and all one in OhriBt.' ■' 7\. And even for the .burning thirst for novelty there is enough and to sparo in the Christ, The listlessuoss and lassitude, the hollowness and disappointment, the fits of dis -gust and self-condemnation incident to tho i pursuit of pleasure, and indeed _ to every kind pf self-seeking, are born of irreligion, To drink of thoso waters is to kindle, not to quench thirst. In the eyes of the man whoso heart is right with God "age cannot wither nor custom stale the infinite variety" of God*B words and works. They are new every morning and fresh every night. Their greatness is unscarchablo. They are more than oan bo numbered. They are deeper ihan can bo soundod. An unwearying source of satisfaction, a stimulus that nover fails to act, &< freshness green and peronnial, pleasures for evormoro, a joy unspeakable, the very river of tho watorof eternal life itself—theso and such as those are tho things that God hath prepared for the endless delectation of all human souls in which Ho has implanted an insatiable long ing after Himself. The pathetic words of the Bishop of Hippo aro woll known to you all— "Thou host made us for Thyself and our hearts are restloss until they find rest again in Thee." But hotter known still aro the words of His Lord and ours—" Ho that cometii to Mo shall never hunger, and ho that boliovoth . on Mo shall never thirst." 