THE SILVER KING'S' YEKGEAWCE. [BY HBNBY HERMAN.] CIJAPTER III. (COKCLDDEn FROM OUR LAST.) Autumn gone, and winter teo, ami spring come — the early fragrant spring of thoae favored southern climes. Uuih Kassett was sitting on the same stone on which she had some eight months previously awaited the arrival or her lover, aod she again awaited his coming. Rut she wa9 not alone. Jack had gone away as the winter snow clad the mountain ridges with its glistening pall, and had told her that he was going to his home in Tennessee to sell what he pssseased there ? tie little farm which the old folk bad leit iiiin, and'flie furniture and the stock ? and that he would come buck prepared to make a home for her where she desired to live near- her old grandfather. The girl hud cried over the enforced parting, and had made her lover swear faith and truth and allegiance, and they had sipped the honey of the sweet- bitter hour of parting from one another's lipa, and bad read poems of future happiness in one another's eyes. Jack had gone to Tennessee, and had left his friend, Geoffrey 'Jetten, to take care of his love. Geolirey iiad vowed to be worthy ot his trust, and faithfully to shelter and guard her. * Mind you, I may be a long time, my darling,' Jack had said. ' I may be longer than 1 can now think. Obstacles may arise. But of one thing be cure. I shall come back to make you, my own, very own, dear wife.' And she kissed him and entiled. 1 Oh, I know it, I know it i and he placed her hand in Geoffrey Tolten's hand us a sacred charge, and had gone away, and she had sat there looking after hiin until herse and rider became tinier and tinier between the mesquit bushes, and had finally quite disappeared, leaving merely a cloud of dust on the horizon iine. Jack had ungrumblingly accepted the old man's fiat lliat the Canchito mine should be left untouohed. His love's grandfather wished it, and that was suf ficient for him. iNot bo Geoffrey.'J-tten. Jack Ormbridge bad been reared amid the homely usages of a Tennessee country homestead, and be bad learnt there that filial duty and obedience which the earjy settlers of the west bad always deemed one of the brightest ornaments of their family life. He was simple in his mind and habits, simple in his wants, and a manly, life amid the wilds of New Mexican mountains suited him well. Thus be had met Ruth Bassett through being pre viously injured in hunting the grizzly to bis mountain fastnesses. Not so Geoffrey Totten. Geoffrey had been brought up in a hard school among tbe moaey-grabbing classes of the great cities. His father bad been rich, -but had died in penury. His uno!e, who had brought up Gteoffjey after the elder Tot ten's death, had instilled into him the maxim that money made the mas. He bad told him — ' I've not been very suc cessful myself, boy. That was tbe fault of luck, and not of trying ; but you have all tbe wprld before you. When you see a chance don't let it slip I You may have bat one all your life.' When, on bis death-bed, he told bis nephew all about the Oancbito and its fabnlooB wealth, he did not mention the terrible murders, and horrible misfortunes that, followed, which reddened the ore' with their stain. Geoffrey had gone to Oancbiio, and having discovered it, or re . discovered it, be made up bis mind that he would not be baulked by all the goblins, spriteB, or silver kings in the universe. ?Stupid, foolish tales to frighten women,' he eaid, fat which a man might laugh.' Thfi only point which bothered him was tbs fact that, after all, the mine was n»t publfc property. The Last ef tbe thirteen li««cL afld to sAs the owner of , the mine. Although Geoffrey's ancle might have had «b ojear ?* title to the property as Gesrga SRuBett, Geoffrey Totten could not produce a scrap winch would eflable hint to nrakfr a olairn against the old1 man's. Tbe mite', he said to himself, hes would have, and he would work it in spite of a. milKen ghosts «nd demons ; and there was only ode Way to havfr the mine, and that was, if jpetf Bible, to many the granddaughter off tbe man who owned it-^-the woman Who would ipne*yow»itlieHiel£ ' '' '. Therefore when Jaok Ormbriilge had gbfie; Be*eg«n*oby piege to the haaritf the o-irl whom he had aworn to gdtra ana keep JorJiiB friend. W»W» the russet jfc ,rfcutanJiiiBMO»,ttdtto he never leit the girl except to make ex cursions to tbe Canchito gorge, and there t« descend the shaft and explore as far ai be could, the place where he hoped to find his fortune. When winter came, with its long even ings and nights, and the cold became as bitter as it was short-lived in these mountain latitudes, and the nights black and bleak, so that indoor life became a necessity, he was ever by her Bide, prais ing Jack with one gilded phrase and dropping poisonous syllables into her ear the next moment. Jack was a good man — of that he was sure. He was sure, too, that he would never forget her, nnleas — 'Unless what?' tbe girl would ask in timid amazement. ? Ah !' be would exolaim. ' You wouldn't understand. You are not accustomed to life further eust. There are so many temptations.' 1 What temptations '? ' Ruth would in quire. Other wimmen ? I'm sure lie could never forget me for another woman.' ' He would not; I'm sure, ualeus some thing extraordinary happened,' Geoffrey would answer. ' But there, you can rely upon his coming baok to you. I know he's a man of his word, and will keep it unless something very powerful will prevent him.' And thus on— »ae spoonful of honey, and one drop of gall to leaven with iti poison the fair speeches that pre ceded it. Ruth and Geoffrey were sitting together on a large boulder by the side of the mountain torrent where the girl had re freshed her face so many months back. He was splashing about with the tip of his boot in the purling water that rushed end babbled away at bis feet, she with her eyes to tbe ground, and her hands folded, listening to him. Thus they bad been to gether day after day, month after montb, and what wonder was there that during that long intercourse the maiden should have come to look with favorable eyea upon the oniy rnarriagable man whose pith crossed hera, and who professed such devotion to bis friend — a man among men she called him. No girl of 10 even is so innocent that looks of fiery devetion— movements in which the language of the heart is writ — escape her. Geoffrey made such fierce dumb pre tensions of love, all the while indicating by hiB speech that be was earnestly endeavering to repress his passion for the sake of him whe had gone away, that Kutb came to look upon him as a hero, and to pity him. From pity to a warm erf eel ing there is but a short Btep and to her terror and amazement, Hutu saw the picture of 'her absent lover fading from her dreaming eyes, whilst Geoffrey Totten, being- by. her side air day more and more took his friend'B place in her dreamB. When his hand unconsciously totiohed hers it eent ? thrill tbroagh her, not like that, perhaps, which she felt when Jack pressed her to his heart, but still a pleasurable turmoil which, whether she ougbt to resist or bear, ehe often asked herself and never answered. Jack, first of all, had promised to be back before the winter was over. Then a letUr came, the only letter' Ruth had re ceived since her lover's departure. Postal communication existed not in those parts, and th« letter reached her by being brought to Rassett's raucho by a Mexican muleteer wbo went with his animals to the monthly fair at Santa Fe. In that letter Jack said that be had found the eale ef bis property more diffi cult than be bad imagined, and more encumbered by legal difficulties than he had bargained for, and that most likely bo would be- a month longer, or more, but that he would be back before tbe winter was over. Winter had gone and spring bad come, and he had not returned, and Geoffrey Totten was at that moment engaged in framing excuses for his friend's absence. ' Yon don't know, Rath, what diffiouties do possess a man when he tries to realise his belongings, aud to convert them into money. I think it's perfectly just aad proper that Jack should sell what te has, and come out here with sufficient :mouey to buy a home for you.' 'But I don't want it. Grand-dad has land enough by v to build- half h dozen oities, an' he fa» nobedy to leave it to but m«.' ♦Yes,1 replied Geofffey, ' but you can't live on land that produces little more than Boorpiona or rattlesnakes, or lat the raost some wild currants and wild grapes, and especially whtt you won't use tbe Wealth that God has placid there '—this with a furtive, savage gl«oe toward* the tins of t%» meOfltaias that sheltered old Rawett's houBe.y'But/ he went on, 'T.muit »ay that I don't think I should nave kept you waiting* W I woaWftH M»«1idJt in my heart to A- it I f aoey-aUhottgh I'm not sure, beosuie ?? ?Mean be sort ?fwhtttia w#aM4o If he ia plMWHn «t Mawfftwy-trat I futy | ib«U b*r. let the houses and horses and lands go to the -fcg8J~and1iave come ~b~ack to you here.' With that he rose. ' What's the good of thinking of that,' he Eigbed. ' I'm a fool. I ought not to speak as I do. Great simpering feol that- I am, saying things for having spoken which I ought to cut off my tongue.' He stood with bis arms crossed behind his back, looking away from the girl, nplasliing tbe water with one foot, list lessly and aimlessly, like a playing school boy. She had been making seemingly frantic efforts to tie the corner of tier frock iute a knot, and she looked up « be had finished his speech. 'Then do yew think that Jack ougbt le have cum back sooner? ' she asked. lie turned to her with tbe fire of pasBioQ gleaming in his eyes. ' Do 1 think ? he asked fervently. 'I d«n't think. I only know what I would have done.' lie stopped short as if frightened by what be had spoken, and his voice became as soft as a woman's. ' i beg your pardon, Itutb. I don't know. I forget myself. Don't think of what I have been saying. I couldn't help myself. It was beyond me. I enly thought for the moment what might hare been if I had come to you before him.' As lie Btood there before her, with his chest heaving and his face aglow, he looked every inch as handsome and as manly and as true as Jack — not so trust- ! worthy' perhaps, net so tender, nor no safe | a havsn, perhaps.'f ov her heart to rest in ; but among the men whom she daily met, Mexicans, half-breeds and worse, he looked a king, stalwart aud strong, as all women in those parts thought men munt be, to be fit objects of women's love ; for a puny man, or a man unable to dofend himself and her whom he married, was looked upon with derision and centumolv. Strength and fierce courage were attributes equal, in woman's estimation, with love, patient devotion, and all other noble qualities. ' Ruth eavr in Geoffrey a burlier strength than Jack's, and she heard a less tender speech. Jack was, to her mind, the very image of all a lover should be, but ehe said to herself — ' Next to Jack comes Geoffrey.' No man can ? play with fire long an.l escape being scorched. No man in the prime of hid youthful strength and j health can, dcy after day, week after . week, pretend to make love 'to a pretty girl and not cotue to perceive 1 er ! lovable qualities. No man can sit by a ! pretty girl's side and whispor passionuto i veiled phrases into her ear — hear her j sighs — touch her hand — play with he;' i emotions — and himself escape tha conta- i gion. Geoffrey Totten had* included his \ love-making to Ruth Ratssttin bis scheme t for gaining possession of the Cincluto mine. He had come to the new Mexican j wilderness for the purpose of making a ! fortune. If on his road to fortune ha should have to break a woman's heart — why, he wua sorry, with such mild contri tion he was capable of, tbat it should have to be. Ruth Kassett, her young life, her budding happiness, her hopes and her j fears, were nothing in his cold-blooded ' calculations. He would have to gain her confidence, her love that had to be, and in gaining her couliJence and her love he | was so much nearer to his goal. I But his treachery brought its own revenge. His thinly disguised pretentions of love necessitated his close contact witii the girl, and while looking in her eyes and pretending to feast upon her charms with all tl:e devouring passions a man was capable of, he was struck with tbe singular and natural loveliness of that wildly natured western maiden. So bonny a creature was surely worth the winning. Those big, deep, blue eyes flashed through him when he glanced at her, whether lie liked it or nay ; and, bit by bit, and with out bin perceiving it, he came to think of Ru(h Sassett herself as part of his scheme. He bad to gain her love, and to win her, not alone because through her the Oanchito mine would be bis, but because be hun gered for hor. He loved her with all the fierce paBsien liu euddon sweep of emotion was bound to bring. The Canchito mine he would have with or without Ruth. But he would marry Ruth also ; and at times he argued with himself whether or not it was worth while to throw over the mine and its contingent wealth for the sake of gaining the girl's true love. That same afternoon, as he stood by Ruth's side, his passion flamed through him and set his whole being into a fever. Jack would return soon. The winter snows bad gone, and tbe plains and moun tains were all well passable. Something had detained Jack, and every day brought danger. He kne\y that, with Jack at Rassett's rancbo, his chance was gone, and he made up_ his mind to be beforehand. Jack Ormbridge should not return in time* He weuld win tbe girl by a trick if need be, but he would win her, and Jack might then come And upbraid him ; perhaps threaten and attack him. He would risk all that, and, if n^ed 'be, there were men to be hired in that neighborhood who, for a few silver dollars, could be' bought to rid him of an enemy. As he strolled home that evening bis arm was, for the first time round Ruth's wai6t, and the girl resisted him not. When ehe retired to her room that night, her maidenly conscience chided her. ' Wot would Jack say if he knowed it ?' she said, 1 Wot would Jack say V In truth, eue signed, and BomeUnng seemed to tighten her throat, and to lay heavy upon her breast. But then the pic ture of Geoffrey Totten rose before her eyes, his face aglow with passion, and vowing eternal love. Was bis love less precious than Jack's ? Heigho ! It was Jack's own fault if be didn't think her wprtb the journey from Tennessee. The very next day Geoffrey rode to El Paso and returned about 'a Week after wards. He came back with long-drawn face and sombre niein. He bad bad news, be said. At El Paso he bad found a letter from an old friend — a friend of his and of Jack's- The letter had been awaiting him, he said, at the post office there for weeks past. In that letter his friend announced. Jack's sudden, death in New Orleans, from chelera, which was then raging in that city. Riith, when she heard the ghastly news, burst into tear;. Geoffrey openod his arms, and the sobbipg girl sank on his breast and- wept there in silence, whiht Geoffrey patted her check; and stroked her tresses, and kisse.d her forehead. 0BAP?EBJV. Geoffrey Totten allowed a week to elapBe, and then pressed his suit with the energy which the desperateness of his cause seemed to require. He boldly asked for the girl's hand, end although Both begged and pleaded for delay, lie said tbat life was nnoertain, and that he might any day be called away on business, and that he aid not care to leave her, for a short time even, 'without having inado bar his wife. Old liassett saw in Goeffrey a suitor who would be likely to turn-out a good hus band to his grandchild. He had lived top long in tbe world to jrive kim credit for any special virtues, but .he saw in him a min enjinsntly suited for life la tbo«t regions — a man thoroughly able' to take care of himself and of Ruth, and one who would most probably use to tbe best ad vantage the possessions which would be left in his charge. He exacted but one promise — namely, tbat the Oanchito Mine should be left untouched by him. Geoffrey smileJ and consented. One promise, more or less, made little differ ence to him, and once Ruth's husband, be would risk it, and when fortune had loaded him with her favors, be would be able to laugh and to prove to his grand father-in-law bow foelisb he hai been. There was, ef course, the ever-threakning danger of Jack's return ; but once on tbe alert, Geoffrey lost no opportunity to make sure of his case. lie hired men, whom he posted at El Paso, and 'even further east, who would inform him of Jack's arrival there. Once warned, he would take mea sures that Jack should not arrive at Ras sett's rancbo to disturb his plane. Another fortnight passed like tbat, and no news of Jack Ormbridge had reacuei the old man's house, Ruth had at last giveD way, and consenteJ to become Geoffrey Totten's wife. Qn tbe very next day they were to ride inte El Paso, there to be joined in holy wedlock. Geoffrey was elated by the near ap proach of his victory. He had succeeded beyond his dreams. The mine would be his, with all its fabulous wealth of silver, and, more than that, he had actually won the love of the girl— that love which at first he thought worthless, but 'for which he now hungered quite as much as for bis silver. That silver! He had not forgotten it. During all those days, as the realization of his hope^ drew near, as his final triumph seemed more and more assured, be had visited that wild gorge again and again. When the ill-fa' ed thirteen had left it, the meutb of the mine and all its surroundings bad been cleared of timber, and a conve nient road had been constructed by which safe approach to the mine was assured. But in the ecore of years that had passed, a new and wild vegetation had sprung up. New forest trees bad risen from the seed or! the hoary giants that had been cut down, and the miutli of the mine was one wild tangle of mesquit brush, wild vine, and other creeping plants, through which Geoffrey had to cut Ins way with an axe. Time after time, as he cam) to the shaft, he had made the descent more easy. He hail stealthily brought ropes to replace the old ones that were rotten and mouldy with age. Latterly be had been able to lower himself with ease and security where before ho had to climb dewn, like a cat, in in rtal danger. He had explored tbe mine for hundreds of yards, and though attimes his v.iice woke in those narrow vaulted tunnels, a strange echo, which sounded more lika fiendish laughter than anything else, his nerves \ve:e of tstee1. lie laugbel in spite ot himselli when for a iruuieut he fe't his face grow a little colder, and his pulse iseotningly cease. Kuth and the Oanchito I Tlie Canchito and Kuth I He was to have them both. He had left Huih directly after the mid day meal, and bad galloped away towards the Canciiito. His horse was fresh, and 'made the 20 miles of rough and broken upland in little over three hours. Alter that he bad to force las way on foot for nigh on three ruile3, and at last reacheJ ths mouth of the (Janchito Hino. I It was his last day of single life. On the morrow he would set out to become the iuberiiorof all the wealth which George 1 Raseelt had allowoJ t_- be untouched. i Shame upon the old man, so superstitious, j. foolishly reckless o£ the silver 'which for ? tunq had thrown into his lap ! ' j lie Bat himself down at tlie mouth of ; the mine, and lit his pipe, and looked about him. Before him. ai his feet, the wooded gorge spread ite eidee towards the 1 lowlands of the Sierra Madre, a wilderness | of luxuriant vegetation, majestic in its ; grandeur. At his back the sun-bathed mountains rose liku monsters set to watch ovortlie ireasuies in the bowels of the earth. He sat there iu chuckling glee, 1 and blew clouds of b'uo smoke into the I still air. At last he made up his mind I once more to go down aud to look upon tbe place that was to make him rich — rich i beyond the dreams of avarice. He lowered ' himself carefully and reached tbe bottom. He had brought some resinous pine torches with him, and striking a ligbt with tinJer aud steel, soon brought one of these to a bright flame. Then he started to grope his way along, muttering to himself all the while, 'And all this shall be yours, Geoffrey ; all this shall be yours.' On a sudden a dizziness seemed to eeizo him, and be thought he heard' voices. Strange little voices. Thousands of little voices that seemed to laugh in childish glee. And as he listened he thought he heard them distinctly. They all seemed to call 'Geoffrey! Geoffrey 1 Geoffrey!1 He stopped still and listened, and be heard the sounds again, Geoffrey 1 Geoffrey I What could it be 'I Hs chuckled for a moment. ' Bats, perhaps,' lie said, ' or mice, or other creatures. What a fool I am to be frightened of such things as these!' | His pipe had gone out, and he stopped to light it again. The yellojr glare of his torch fell upon the narrow walls of the gallery, snd lit them up with a curious metallic glow which leflocted itself for a long distance. Then those sounds struck his ear again — ' Geoffrey ! Geoffrey I ' and with a movement of impatience he stopped. On a sudden a cold blast like that of the rushing win.l struck hia f aqe, and froze bis marrow, and the flaming torch fell from his band. Aa it dropped it alighted upon a pile of dry brushwood, and instantly a dense bluok pungent empke rolled up and gripped his nostrils anil mouth, and | choked him, His eyes became like balls 1 of lire, and felt as if they were bursting { from his head. Ice cold finders gripoed his threat and choked him. lie tried* to rush away and was powerless. The fundish smoke followed him. and clutched him, and Le swayed to and fro against the narrow sides of the mine, aud at last Bank down stifled. On that came spot his bedy waB after wards found. His torch had set firo to a heap of calatno brush which the previous coatiagration had left untouched. Ruth waited for him tbat evening, And he returned not ; the next day also passfci, naturally 'without a sif n of him. Then men were sent out to search the moun tains, and they brought back his horse. When the old man was told that a path had been cut to the Canohito, and that somebody had evidently descended the shafts, ha gripped big sparse hair and cried. 'It's the vengeance of the Silver King! He defied me! He defied tbe Silver King, and he's met big death. Thirteen wob to die, and thirteen have died. When will my turn oome ? When mine ?' Men were ordered to descend the shaft and search the old mine. But such was the terror inspired by the suparstitian that none of the hired hands dared to go. About a fortnight afterwards, while Ruth was still weeping over tlie fate which had evidently befallen her ascend lover, a horseman dashed up to the rancbo and jumped from his horse, and as be was recognised, a shout of welcome and sur prise greeted the girl's ears. She rushed to the door, and there stood Jaok Orm bridge in all the vigor of health, and holding out his arms to her. She flew towards him, and in the exuberance of her joy, fainted. Jack and Ruth were made man and wife, but they kept their word to George Hasset, and never worked the Canchito mine. Years afterwards, an English Com pany purchased tbe mine at a £air price, and it is. worked to this day as one of tbe richest silver mines in New Mexico. — 'The Week ' (Q.) BE ON QOARP AGAINST THE VILE AND INJURIOUS IMITATIONS OF CLEMENTS TONIC SOLD BY MANY DEALEKS. CLEMENTS TONIC IS 1HK BEST, ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENU1NE Dou't be deceived or misled into buying any other, or your pains, time and money are only thrown away. CLEMKNTS TONIC POSITIVELY CURES ALL CASES ARISING FROM ANjEMIA, LIVER COMPLAINT AND INDIGESTION. Mr. Charles Page, butcher, Maitland- road, Islington, New South Wales, who writes on January 17th, 1898 -.—This is to certify that I have used Clements Tonic, as I have been a victim to extreme nervoaenesB and general debility (that is what I believe I was suffer ing from) and continual headaches, with complete loss of appetite. I have lain nigbt after night unable to Ret a wink of sleep, and arose in the morning mote tired than when I went tp bed at night. Well, I found no relief iroutan;thTng 1 tried. ' A friend of mine said— '' Why don't Ton try Clements Tonio 1 ' I took his advfw and did 60, and I can say that before I had finished the first bottle I was relieved, amd by the time I had taken the second bottle I found myself entirely cured. I hare never had a return of mf complaint ainoa. I am only too happy to reeeomend Clement* Ionic on all occasions, as I believe from experience that it is one of the greatest aidi to appetite in ths world, and as a strengthener of the system there ie nothihg in the world to equal it. If you think by publishing this it will benefit others you are at llbertj to do so.— Toon siueerely, Charles Page, batcher, Maitland-road, Islington, Now South Wales. T703 pnttiflf on tU'ti drink Tresojlt's Opp Belr ; ' If you aon't bcllare It, gue on tbe oi*i« 