Our Sydney Letter [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT") May 28. THE TICK BILL.—The agitation of storekeepers for the extention of the G-arnishee Act to civil (or uncivil) servants of the State is being pushed forward. Mr ASeck has a little measure in hand, which it is thought will meet the requirements of the case. Some members are in favor of abolishing altogether the recovery of debt by legal process and enacting that if A man gives " tick " at all, it shall beat his ova risk. " Tick " bills of this kind, however, evoke little interest as compared with the Bill to arrest the progress of the Queensland tick, which is working havoc among certain herds in Ncrth Queensland. At' the very mention of ths word " disease" our representatives are always ready to get ap on their tails metaphorically speaking, and destroy the rights and property of any number of their fellow citizens. Conse quently Mr Sydney Smith, after an alarmist speech', had not the slightest difficulty in inducing the Assembly to suspend all its forn.8, and pais threugh all its stages, with very inadequate discussion, a Bill calculated to knoclc on the head ia ooe act, the very important trade of the colony in caitle and hides I Verily, we have something to be grateful for the fact that the recess was so long, and therefore the opportunities for working Parliamentary mischief so much urtailed ! Legislation may have beeti needed. But there was no excuse for legislating in a panic. The mistake of the House in this respect has been accentuated by the action of the Council, which refused to act with precipitancy ia the matter. Consequently the Bill which was rushed through the Assembly m such a breathless hurry will not be considered in the Council till Wednesday next week l Instead of one night the Assembly had ten days in which te consider its measure aad lick it into shape. BLIGHTED HOPES—It was noted at its first introduction that the Bill received the very cordial support of a section of the Protectionists. The reason soon became plain. A large portion of the colony derives its supply of beef directly from Queensland. If the importation were prohibited, the emand for heme cattle would increase, and prices would advance by leaps aud bound*. The measure would prove to be ever so much more effective than the Victerian Stock tax and would, moreover, probably be permanent in it* character, inasmuch as it was gravely stated that the ticks burrow iii the ground nd cannot be eradicated, therefore that a colony once infested would he always infected. Moreover, the supply of hides for the large tanning industry around Sydney is mainly derived frous Queensland. Some ef the tanoers have made arrangements ia the ourse of their business for heavy forward deliveries of leather. If the supply of Queensland hides were suddenly cm off, they might be blackmailed to almost any conceivable extent by the purveyors of the local article. The cream of the joke is that Sydney tanners for years have been treating hides affected with ticlc, and that Queens land, which is really suffering severely, aad has a large extent of couutry still clean and therefore in need of protection, is going to work with much less pother, and in a much more bueinen-lxke way than the mother colony. When the pragmatic official mind, e»pecially the medical official mind, once gets on the rampage on Hie question of disease, all considerations of common prudence are cast to the winds in order to carry out some impracticable scheme of uncommon prudence THE DAILY POST CASKS—After keeping the unfortunate defendants in suspense longer than seemed necessary, the Crown has at last annouaced that : it will take no further steps,to prosecute, the directors of the Daily Post I One • more is now added to the long list of lesral fiascos. In this instance, the defendants have suffered quite enough already and no one regrets to hear of their immunity from further proceedings. Mr Ellis, the late e titor, has fouad a haven on the staff of the Star. THE UNEMPLOYED DIFFICULTY—^The unemployed difficulty is auain strongly in evidence. The deputatiou of the Surplus Labor League which waited on the Premier the other day. gave a'i inadequate idea of the extent of the desti'utiou which prevails. he fact that the numbers of the unfortunate out-of-works are beiag slowly essened does not diminish the misery of these who remain nor the commercial depression which necessarily fljws from so large a number ef persons being out of employment and dependent upon charity. The winter now te setting in ia earnest. The piercing wind and colli rain make the " ba<» huts " a very uncomfortable shelter, and the appearance of the shivering halfstarved unfortunates is miserabl i ia the extreme. A large section of the people is suffering severely^ and is deteriorating both physically and morally by reason of its compulsory ldleuess and consequent privations. LA.NO TENURE.—One sign of the times which can hardly fail to attract the attention of the observant, i» the increasing difficulty experienced in getting through Parliament any project which involves the alienation of land. There was a great deal more tiouble over giving a North Shore Bridge syndicate land for apptoaches, or what is the same thing the power to acquire it, than there was over giving power to coustruct the bridge. The same difficulty occurred with the bill for constructing the Capertee train line. If alienation is to be tabooed, some virtually secure form of tenure will have to be devised otherwise it wi.l not be worth anybody's while to lay out his capital in improvements. I doa't know whether there is any truth in it but it is said a measure is to be brought in to stop the sale of the six by-two allotments in cemeteries, for fear some of the residents might get unduly rich by unearned increment I l g c MUNICIPAL LIGHTING. — The Labour members are getting more reasonable which is a hopeful sign. There is no reason to believe that their opposition will .>e given factiously to works which private enterprise is willing to carry out. At present the greater part ef the population depend upon activity of private enterprise, either as principals or subordinates, for their livin To hamper piivate enterprise, without being in a position to bupply aey other motive power in its stead weuld proportionately increase the prevalent stagnation and distress a policy which none but incendiaries would sauctiun. All the same the Labour men are much relieved to find that the City Oou cil propose to undertake the lighting of the cit)". and that the companies and syodi ca'es, for the present at any rate, are out of it. THE NEWCASTLE STRIKE—Both sides appear very stubborn and there is at present nut the slightest appearance of any termination of the difficulty. The daily papers which so persistently propliesiei that the trouble would be of only brief duration were woe fully misinformed. Victory is most likely to fall to the people with the loogest purse, but, as appearances go at present, there will be a long and dogged struggle. The Govern meat are informally doing vrhat they can to biingabouta reconciliation, but it cannot be said so far that their efforts have been crowned with much promise of success. THE TOZEB INCIDENT—The momenteus question whether a man should insist on another man going where he ia not wanted and where he does not wish to go, has received a Jutle more elucidation. It appears that it was because, when Mr Thomas, the member for Alma, was in Queensland, he | received so much attention from Mr Tozer, J or his colleagues, that Mr Tozer on his recent visit to the south, receive 1 so little attention from the Labour members of Broken Hill Mr Thomas gave his version in Parliament the other night, and he also gave his opinion of Mr Tozer. He said that whea he was in Queensland collecting cash for the Breken tfill strike, although even the press declared that his speeches were exceediagly moderate, Mr Tozer had sent a mounted trooper te follow him where ever he went! He could well understand that Mr Tozer felt hurt at what he regarded as an insult to his colony, but he (Mr Thomas) had felt just as sere and hurt and bitter at the insalt put on him. He regarded the Queensland Government as the most unjust and cruel that ever attempted to goveru a free country ! So, there ! No wonder the Courier says Mr Reid should have compelled the Labour men to invite Mr Tezer. They never would have invited him on any other terms. It seems to me that there is a remarkably bad time brewing for some folks m Queensland, as soon as King Demos gets up an l shakes himself—supposing that is to say that his many headed majesty is imbued with Mr Thomas's ideas. THB CEMBHT INDTRSTBT. — The newlyborn cement manufacture of New South Wales has given up the ghost. Goodlet and Smith who have been struggling along for some time say that the abolition of the duty has compelled them to give if best. There may he some advantage in the&e; dis- j locations of industry which demanded legislation to bring them about, but I must confess it is difficult te detect thevn with the naked eye. However a hot discussion has sprung up over the ashes ot the cement industry. Mr D. O'Heilly, M.P. has rushed hotly into the breach to declare that the industry is no loss iaasmuch «s the men were only paid 6}d an hour, and had to work in an unhealthy dust-laden atmosphere. To him retorts M r Goodlet that the wages he paid were 203 per cent higher thao the wages paid by German cement makers. That the same fact can be stated in such differen t terms is a curiously fine illustration of the class of ruetoric which is emplaned in political controversy. The cement industry has collapsed, not soleiy from the removal of the duty but also from the phenomenal decline which has taken place in freights and in the first cost of the imported article. Mas DEAN'S DIVORCE—Mrs Dean Is to get her divorce. Her precious husband having been sentenced to death for attempting ie murder her, she is legally, as well as morally, entitled to he released from him by a more merciful severance than that which he intended for her. Judge Simpson was doubtful whether the pardon granted te Dean would take away Mrs Dean's right, but the Full ;'ourt have decided in her favour. Would there not however have been a decided case of hardship, if Dean had been really innocent ? 