The Best Authenticated Ghost Story. Tho following wonderful story, which might be entitled ' Tho Phantom Monk,' was, says Jlome Chat, told by tho celebrated Bishop Wilbei'force in his Memoirs, For many reasons, chief amonor which is the unimpeach ableness of its narrator, this account has a just claim to tlio tifclo of tho best authenticated ghost story on record, Bishop Wilbcrforce was always a vory strong and emphatic dis believer in ghosts, until this experience befel him. Tho following, tlion, is a briof account of tho story: — Canon Wilberforco (ho was not then Bishop) was staying with a woll-known Catholic family in tho village of ? , in Hampshiro ; and, as the dinner hour appronched, ho wont up to his room in tlio usual way to prepnro himself for tho meal. 4 Tho hour was about seven o'clock, ono December evening ; and as tho Canon emer ged from liis bedroom and was going down to dinner, ho passed a monk going towards tho library. As tho family wore Roman Catholic, ho took no notico of him, thinking, of course, that lio was a guest staying in tho house. Tho dir.nor had begun somo timo, and as Wilberforco did not seo tho monk thoro, ho casually asked a lady next him if tlio monk was staying at tho houso, Tho lady turned deathly pale, and then in a stifled way told tho, Canon he had scon tho family ghost, Tho family ghost, it appears, was a monk who appeared periodically, and not parti cularly in tho dead hours of tho night, The ghost was that of a formor father con fessor to tho family, who, it was remembered had died ratlior suddonly and apparently in some distress of mind. Naturally, tho Canon was somewhat startled at the timo ; but tho incident pnssed off and nothing was said about it. About 11.30 that night, liowovor, Wilborforco, as was his cus tom, was readiug in tlio library ; everybody else had gono to bed, whon tho door opened and in camo tho monk. A bravo man at all times, tho Canon kept quiet, but was roally vory frightened, and ho noticed tlio monk go to tho bookshelf, search high and low for somo thing or othor, and, not apparently finding it, take a hasty glanco round tho room, and then go out, slamming tho door after him. As soon as tho scarod Canon could suffi ciently recovor his sonsos, ho wont to bed, Next ovoning ho doterminod to solve tho mystery, and wns sitting in tho library as usual, whon a cronk on tho stairs told him somoono was coming. Then tho door opened, and there tho monk was again. A littlo frightened and scarod, Wilberforco was, nevertheless, ablo to lccop his head cool,, and whon the monk wont, as usual, to tlio book sholf, by a groat offort tho Canon askod him what ho wanted. Tho monk turnod round, and, with a smilo, said that ho was ghul that someone had spokon to him, as ho was tongno- tiod, and dared not speak to anyono boforo boing spokon to. Ho wont on to say that ho had coino to look for a bundlo of incriminating papors ho had loft on tho top of tho bookcase boforo ho diod, and that tho idoa had so hauntod him that ho would novor rest peacefully until ho had found them. Tho Canon thon volunteered to'got thom down for tlio monk, and mounted tho step-laddor to do so. Suro onough, at tho top of tho bookcase, ho found a largo nuinbor of mystorious papors, which ho handed down to tho mystorious strangor. Ho thon camo down and askod tho monk what ho wanted to do with thom. With a woird like look in his oyos tho lattor said thoy must bo burnod, as thoy contained important soorots about mombors of tho family to whioh ho was fathor- oonfessor, and whioh, if ro voalod, would no doubt liavo causod con sidorablo unlmppinoss to thoir doscondants. So tho two of thom put thom on tho firo and watchod thom burn. Ab soon as tho last shoot disappeared in tho flamos, tho monk took hiB loavo, and was novor soon again. 