the ^iiDdwsii By MRS, MOLE3WORTH [Aothor of *'Ha&liere;<iart Rectory," "Four ' Winds Farm," &c.;, &c.;] PAST IV. I told Philip the next morning. There was no-need tobespeakhia Attention. I think he felt as nearly as horrified as 1 had done myself at the Idea; that our own hitherto bright, cheerful home was to be hanntgd by this awful thing—influence . or presence, call it what yon will. And the suggestions, which I went on to make, struck him, too, with a sense of relief. - He sat in silence for some time after making. me recapitulate as precisely as possible every detail or Sophy's story. " You are sure it was the door into the library?" he said at last. "Quitesure," I replied; "and, oh, Philip," I went on, " it has just occurred to me that father felt a chill there the other evening." For till' that, moment the little incident in question had escaped my memory. "Dp you remember which of the portieres hung in front of the door at Finster?" said Philip. - I shook my head. " Dormy would,?' I said;■*" he 'used' to ex amine the pictures in the tapestry with great interest. I should not know one from the other. There is an old castle in the distance in each, and a lot of trees, and something meant for a lake." But in turn Philip shook his head. "No," he said, "I won't speak to Dormy about it if I can possibly help it. Leave it to me, Leila, and try to put it out of your own mind as much as you possibly can, and don't be surprised at anything you may notice in the next few days. I will tell you, first of any one, whenever I have anything to tell." That was all I could get out of him. So I took his advice. Luckily, as it turned out, Mr, Miles, the only outsider, so to say (except the unfortunate keeper), who had witnessed the ghostly drama, was one of the shooting party expected that day. And him Philip at once determined to consult about this new and utterly unexpected manifestation. He did not tell rne this. Indeed, it was not till fully a week later that I heard any thing, arid then in a letter—a very long letter frem my.brother, which, I think, will relate the sequel of our strange ghost story better than any narration at secondhand of my own. Mr. Miles only stayed two nights with us. The very day after he came he announced that, to his great regret, he was obliged—most unex Eectedjy—to return to Raxtrewon important usiness. And, he continued, I am afraid you will all feel much more vexed with me when T tell you I am going to carry off Phil with me." Father looked very black indeed. "Phil!" he exclaimed, '"and how about our shooting?" "You can easily replace us," said my brother. "I have thought of that," and he added something in a lower tone to father. He —Phil—was leaving the room at the time. I thought it had reference to the real reason of his accompanying Mr. Miles, but I was mis taken. Father, however, said nothing more in opposition to the plan, and the next morning the two went off. We happened to be standing at the hall door—several of us—for we were a large party now—when Phil and his friend drove away. As we turned to re-enter the house, I felt some one touch me. It was Sophy. She was going out for a constitutional with Miss Larpent, but had stopped a moment to speak to me. " Leila," she-said in a whisper, "why have they—did you know that the tapestry has been taken down?" She glanced at me with a peculiar expres sion. I had not observed it. Now, looking up, T saw that the two locked doors were visible in the dark polish of their old mahogany as of yore—no longer shrouded by the ancient portieres. I started in- surprise. "No," I whispered in return; I did not know. Never mind, Sophy. T suspect there is a reason for it which w<? shall know in good time." I felt strongly tempted—the moon being still at the full—to visit the hall that night— in hopes of feeling and seeing—nnthinri. But when the time drew near niv courage failed ; besides I had tacitly promised Philip to think a3 little as I possibly could about the matter, and any vigil of the kind would certainly not have been acting in accordance with the spirit of his advice. I think I will now copy as: it stands the letter from Philip which I received a week or so later. It was dated from his club in London:— My dear Leila— I have a long story to tell yon and very extraordinary one. I think it is well that it should be put into writing, so I will devote this evening to the task—especially as I shall not be home for ten days or so. You may have suspected that I took Miles into my confidence as soon as he arrived. If you did you were right. He was the best per son to speak to for several reasons. He. looked, I must say, rather — well ''blank'" scarcely expresses it—when I told him of the ghost's re-appearance not only at the Rectory, but in our own house, and 011 both occasions to persons—Nat and then Sophy—who had not heard a breath of the story. Sut when I went on to propound your suggestion, Miles cheered up. He had been, I fancy, a trifle touchy about our calling Finster haunted, and it was evidently a satisfaction to him to start another theory. We talked it well over, and we decided to test the thing again ; it took some resolution, I own, to do so. We sat up that night—bright moonlight luckily—and —wall, I needn't repeat it all. Sophy was quite cor rect. It came again — the horrid creeping shadow—poor wretch ! I'm rather sorrv for it now—just-in the old way; quite as much in home in shire, apparently, as in the Castle. It stopped at the closed library doer, and fumbled away, then started off again — ugh! We watched it closely, but kept well i.i ; the middle of the room, si that the cold did j not strike us so badly. We both noted the ; special part of the tapestry where its hands j seemed to sprawl, and we meant to stay for j another round—hut—when it came to the point . we funked it, and —went to bed. j Next morning, 011 pretence of examining the ' date of the tape'sti-y, we had it down—you were I all out—and we found—mmr'thin#. Just where the hands felt about, there had been a cut— ; three cuts, three sides of a square, as it were, malting a sort of door in the stuff, the fourth side having evidently acted as a hinge, for ; there was a mark where it had been folded 1 back. - And just where—treating the thing as a door—you might expect to find a handle to open it by, wa found a distinct dent in the tapestry, as if a button or knob had once been there. We looked at each other. The same idea- had struck us. The tapestry had been used to conceal a small door in the wall—tlio door of a secret cupboard probably. The ghostly fingers had been vainly seeking for the whichin t «1 been accustomed to press ! .The first thing to do," said Miles, "is to look up Hunterandmake him tell where be got thetapestry from. Then weshattsee," " Snail-we take the portiere with as?" I said. * Bat Miles shuddered, though be half laughed too. " No, thank you, " he said, " I'm not going to travel with thecvll thing-" " Wo" can't hang it up again, though," I said, "after this'last experience." In the end- we rolled up the two portieres, not to attract attention by only moving one, apd—well, I thought it just possible the ghost might make a mistake,, and I did not want any more scares while I was away—we rolled them up together, first carefully measuring the cut, and its position in the curtain, and then we hid them away in one of the lofts that no one ever enters, where they are at this moment, and where the ghost may have been disporting himself, for all I know, though I fancy he has given it Up by this time, for reasons you shall near. Then Miles and I, as you know, set off for Raxtreiv. _ I smoothed my father down about it by remindiftg him how goodnatured they j had been to us, and telling him Miles really needed me. We went straight to Hunter. He hummed and hawed a good deal—he had not: distinctlypromiBed not to give the name of the place the tapestry had come from, but he knew : the gentleman he had bought it from did not want it known. "Why?" said Miles. Is it some family that has como down in the world, and is forced to part with things to get some ready money?" j "Oh dear no," said Hunter. " It 1*3 not that j at all. It was only that—I suppose I must give you the name — Captain Dcvereux — ; did not want auy gossip to get about, as i to" I "Devereux?" repeated Miles, "you don't mean the people at liallinger?" "The same," said Hunter. "If you know j them, Sir, you will be careful, I hope, to assure | the Captain that I did my best to carry out his wishes?" "Certainly," said Miles. I'll exonerate you." And then Hunter told us that Devereux, who only came into the Hallinger property a few years ago, had been much annoyed by stories getting about of the place being haunted, and this ha 1 led to his dismantling one wing, and—Hunter thought, but was not quite clear as to this—pulling down some rooms altogether. But he, Devereux, was very touchy on the subject—be did not want to be laughed at. And the tapestry came from him—you are certain as to that?" Miles repeated. " Positive,Bir. I took it down with my own hands. It was fitted on to two panels in what they call the round room at Hallinger—there were, oh I dare say a dozen of them, with tapestry nailed on, but I only bought these two pieces — the others were sold to a London dealer." "The round room," I said. Leila, the ex pression struck me. Miles, it appeared, knew Devereux fairly well, Hallinger is only ten miles off. We drove over there, but found he was in London. So our next move was to follow him there. We called twice at his club, and then Miles made an appointment, saying that he wanted to see him on private business. He received us civilly of course. He is quite a young fellow—in the Guards. . But when Miles began to explain to him what wo had come about, he stiffened. " I suppose you belong to the Psychical Society," he said. "I cam only repeat that I have nothing to tell, and I detest the whole subject." "Wait a moment," said Miles, and as he went on I saw that Devereux changed. His face grew intent with interest and a queer sort of eagerness; at last he started to his feet. • "Upon my soul," he said, " I believe you've run him to earth for me--tire ghost, I mean, and if so, you shall have my endless gratitude. I'll go down to Hallinger with you at once— this afternoon if you like, and see it out." He was so excited that he spoke almost inco herently, but after a bit he calmed down, and told us all he had to tell —• and that was a good deal--which would have been nuts for the Psychical Society. What Hunter had said was but a small part of the whole. It appeared that on succeeding to Hallinger, on the death of an uncle, young Devereux had made considerable changes in the house. He had among other things opened out a small wing—a sort of round tower—which had been completely dismantled and bricked up for, I think he said, over a hundred years. There wan some story about it. An ancestor of his —an awful gambler—had used the principal room in this wing for his orgies. Very queer things went on there—the finish up being old Devereux being found dead there one night, when his servants were summoned by the man he had been playing with—with whom lie had bad an awful quarrel. This man, a low fellow, probably a professional cardsharper, vowed that he Iv.wl bean robbed of a jewel which his host had staked, and it was said that a ring of great value had disappeared. But it was all hushed up. Devereux had really died in a fit, though soon after, for reasons only hinted at, the round tower was shut up till the present man rashly opened it again. Almost at once, he Raid, the annoyance, to use a mild term, began. First one, then another sehold was terrified i of the household was terrified out of-their wits,, just as we were, Leila. Devereux himself had seen it two or three times, the "it," of course, being his miserable old ancestor. A small man, with a big wig, and long thin claw It all i like fingers. It all corresponded. Mrs. Deve reux is young and nervous. She could not stand it. Sj in the end the round tower was shut up again, ail the furniture and hangings sold, ana Josallv speaking, the ghost "laid, That was all Dsvereux knew. We started, the three of ns. that very after noon, a-s exciter! as a party of schoolboys. Miles and I kept questioning Devereux, but lie ha-1 ready no more to tell. He had never thought of examining the haunted room—it was wainscottoil. he said, and might he lined all through with secret cupboards for all ho know. But he could notget over the exfcraordi n.irincss of the ghost's -sticking to the tiiprHi'ii —and iu'l'.vjd it does rather lower one's idea, of ghostly intelligence. Wo wont- at it at once—tke tower wn- not i.riekc-i up again, luckily—we got in without mnornin; difficulty the next moming--I>svereux making some excuse, t j the servants,- a new set who had not heard of the ghost, for our eccentric proceedings. It was a tiresome business. I There were so many panels in the room, as Hunter had said, and it was impossible to tell on which the tapestry had been fixed. But we had our measures, and we carefully marked a line as near as we could guess at the height from the floor that the out in the portiere must have been. Then we tapped and pummelled and pressed imaginary springs till we were nearly sick of it—there was nothing to guide us. The wainscoting was dark and much shrunk and marked with age, and full of joins in" the wood, any one of which might have meant a door. . It was peyereux himself wh o found it at last* We board an exclamation from where he was standing by himself at the other side of the room. He was quite white and shaky. "Book here," he said, and we looked. Yes—there was a small deep recess, or cup board, in the thickness of the wall, excellently contrived. Devereux had touched the spring1 at last, and the door, just matching the cut in the tapestry, flew open. Inside lay what at first we took for a packet of letters, and I hoped to myself they con tained nothing that would bring trouble on poor Devereux. They were not letters, how. ever, but two or. three incomplete packs of cards—grey and dust-thick with age—and as Miles spread them out, certain markings on tliem told their own tale. DavereUx did not like it, naturally—their supposed owner had been a member of bis house. "The ghost has kept a conscience," he said, with an attempt at a laugh. " Is there nothing more?" Yes—a small leather bag—black and grimy, though originally, I fancy, of chamois skin. It drew with the strings. Devereux pulled it open, and felt inside. " By George," he exclaimed. And he held out the most magnificent diamond ring I have ever seen—sparkling away as if it had only just come from the polisher's. "This must be the ring," lie said. And wo all stared—too astonished to speak. Devereux closed the cupboard again, after carefully examining it to make sure nothing had been left behind. He marked the exact spot where he had pressed the spring so as to find it at any time. Then we all left the round room, locking the door securely after us. Miles and I spent that night at Hallinger. We sat up late talking it all over. There are some queer inconsistencies about the thing which will probably never be explained. First and foremost—why had the ghost stuck to the tapestry instead of to the actual spot he seemed to have wished to reveal ? Secondly, what was the connection between his visits and the full moon—or is it that only by the moonlight the shade becomes perceptible to human sense? Who can say? As to the story itself—what was old Deve reux'* motive in concealing his own ring? Were the marked cards his or his opponent's, of which he had managed to possess himself, and had secreted as testimony against the other fellow? I incline, and so does Miles, to this last theory, and when we suggested in to D evereux I could see it was a relief to him. After all, one likes to think one's ancestors were gentlemen "But what, then, has he been worrying about all this century or more?" he said. " If it were that he wanted the ring returned to its real owner—supposing the fellow had won it, I could understand it, though such a thing would be impossible. There is no record of the man at all—his name was never mentioned in the story." "He may want the ring restored to its proper owner.all. the same,"said Miles. " You are its owner, as the head of the family, and it has been your ancestor's fault that it has been hidden ail these years. Besides, we ca.11 j*ot take upon ourselves to explain motives in such a..case. Perhaps—who knows?—the poor shade could not help himself. His peregrina tions may have been of the nature of punish ment." " I hope they are over now, " said Devereux, " for his sake and everybody else's. I should be glad to think he wanted the ring restore to us, but besides that I should like to do something goad, you know—if it would make him easier, poor old ohap. I must consult Lilias." Lihas is Mrs. Devereux. This is all I have to tell you at present, Leila. When I come home we'll have the por tieres up again and see what happens. I want you now to read all tin's to my father, and if he has no objection—he and my mother, of course—I should like to invite Captain and Mrs. Devereux to stay a few days with us, as well as Miles, as soon as I come back. Philip's wish was acceded to. It was with no little anxiety and interest that we awaite-d his return. The tapestry portieres were restored to their place—and on the first moonlight night my father, Philip, Captain Devereux, and Mr. Miles held their vigil. i What happened? Nothing —the peaceful rays lighted up the quaint landscape of the tapestry, undisturbed j by the poor groping fingers—no gruesome un earthly chiJl as of worse than death made itself felt to the midnight watchers — the weary, may we not hope repentant, spirit was at rest at last. And never since has any one been troubled by the shadow in the moonlight. "I cannot help hoping," said Mrs. Deve reux, when talking it over, "that what Michael has done may have helped to calm the poor ghost!" And she told us what it was. Captain Devereux is rich, though not immensely so. He had the ring, valued —it represented a very large sum, but Philip says I had better not name the figures—and then he, so to say, bought it from himself. And with this money lie—no, again, Phil says I must not enter into particulars beyond saying that with it he did something very good and very useful, which had long been a pet scheme of his wife's. Sophy is grown up now, and^he knows the whole story. So does our mother. And Dormy too has heard it all. The horror of it has quite gone. We feel rattier proud of having been the actual witnesses of a ghostly drama. Tito Enti. 