LnreftATUBE. Literary Notes. Prom Angus and Robertson comes Marie Corelli'F newest book, ' The Harder of Delicia.' The rapidity 'with which Maris Corelli is turning out work nowadays is as remarkable as the character of it. We published the other day in this column some interesting particulars of her personality and methods, and to create witnin so brief a period in quick succession such works as ' Barabbae,' 'The Sorrows of Satan,' and 'The Mighty Atom' would be an extraordinary feat for anyone, and the more so for a young and fragile woman. In the ' Murder of Delicia' Miss Corelli has her customary fling at brutal man. Delicia is a marvellously- gifted authoress, modelled evidently on her creator's ideal of what ! an authoress should be, and which is strongly tinged by her conception of her own personality. Delicia is a dainty creature of exquisite taste and sensibility and delicate beauty. By her pen she earns great wealth, turning out masterpiece after masterpiece. She is won by ' Beauty ' Carlyon, an exquisite young Hercules of the Guards. He has no money, and she keeps him in luxury. He has no brains, and therefore, 1 after the manner of such men, he despises them. He is always a cad, and he becomes more so when ! he. succeeds to a title, and regards his wife as ' deucedly lucky to. have got into the nobility. His wife's intellectuality palls on him, and he j seeks change in amours with dancing girls and loose- living ladies of title, till the scandals reach : every one but his wife, whose faith in him is still j complete. Finally, that is lost to her by a dis covery that her money is keeping her husband's mistresses. Then she revolts and leaves him, but very soon leaves the world, also, killed by over- work and a broken heart, leaving behind her a literary masterpiece just completed with a last effort, and a will cutting off her husband with a paltry £250 a year. Thereat that splendid animal and con summate egotist is supremely disgusted, and feels himself a very much ill-used man. The story iB sketchily written and unelaborated, but it is an excellent study of one phase of life and the attitude of the fashionable animal towards the intellectual. The hero is a brute, but there is one manly figure by way of foil to the cad in an actor who has a chivalrous love for the heroine. The characters, though sketchy, are well drawn. Methuens have published in their Colonial Library a colleotion of the short stories of Mr. Johjn Arthur Barry, of Sydney, whose work is so -well known to readers of the Mail, and Messrs. Angus and Robertson send the book to us. It is entitled ' In the Great Deep,' and is a series of sea stories. Some. of them first appeared in the Mail, and they are marked by power, grasp, and literary quality of a high order. The author of 'Steve Brown's Bunyip ' has lived through what he writes, and he knows the sea, and writes ae one who knows. We will have something more to say of this volume next week. A new story by Mr. Barry is to be one of the features of the Mail Christmas n umber. From Messrs. Angus and Robertson also come other books, of which, owing to the pressure of the Bathurst Convention on our space, we will have to reserve notice till next week. There is a fine collection of ' Australian Legendary Tales,' collected by Mrs. K. Langloth Parker, of Bangate, Narran River, N.S.W., excellently turned out byDavid.Nutt, of London, and Melville, Mullens, and Slade, of Melbourne. That authority on folk lore, Andrew Lang, writes an interesting introduction, in which he says of Mrs. Parker's stories : ' These, for the most part, are 1 tfinder Marehen,' though they include many eetological myths, explanatory of the markings and habits of animals; the origin of constellations, and so forth. They are a savage edition ot the ' Metamor phoses,' and few unbiassed students now doubt that the ' Metamorphoses ' are a very late and . very artificial version of traditional tales as savage in .origin aB those of the Noongaburrah. I have read Mrs. Packer's collection with very great interest, with ' human pleasure/ merely for the story's sake. Children will find here the * Jungle Book,' never before printed, of- black little boys and girls. The sympathy with and knowledge of beast-life and bird- life are worthy of Mr. Kipling, and the grotesque names are juBt what children like. Dinewan and Goomblegubbon are just what children like.' Other books in Messrs. Angus and Robert son's par⪙ which must wait till next week, are Mrs. Humphrey Ward's new story, ' Sir George Tressady,' in which Marcella appears once more, and which has been hailed as a masterpiece ; ' The Land 'o the Leal,' by David Lyall, which is very well spoken of ; and that very strong work, 'Genius and Generation,' translated from the second edition of tbe original German of Dr. William Hirsch. This powerful study is one of the latest additions to Angus and Robertson's Book Club, as are tbe other books mentioned. The October niimber of Chapman's Magazine of Fiction, for which Messrs. Gordon and Gotch are agents, is a special autumn number. Instead of a large number of short stories, It comes oat with two short stories, and a complete long story, be- - aides 7ohn Oliver Hobbes's serial, ' The Herb Moon/' It is $ strong hand of -fictionjin which there are oonlributionB from- Violet- Hunt (' The Pros and the Coiib''), Ernest Bramah {' The Story -of young- Chang'), and Mrs. Edward Bidley' ('The Story of Aline''). The short, stories are those by Violet - Hunt' and Ernest - Braxn&h;, and Mrsr. Ridley's contribution is a com- ; plete .novel. The whole number is bright and entertaining. ' Pearson's Magazine always relies very largely on illustrations. The November number has a very folly illustrated article on dancing in many lands, which includes the New South Wales aboriginal 'Dog Dance.' 'The Chain-makers of Cudley Heath,' largely women, are described and illustrated in ' The White Slaves of England ' articles. Another much illustrated article is one on royal thrones. ' Tattersall's, Past and Pre sent,' will interest horse-loving Australians. The magazine comes from tbe agents, Gordon and Gotch. In this number of Pearson's Besant tells the story of how he wrote ' The Children of Gideon.' In order to get at the ' local colour ' for his book — ' the lives of these people, their wages, their hourB of work ' — he had to read ' a great many books, and a great many people had to be seen and questioned — ladies doing parish work, people doing work for the Charity Organisation Society, and the books, statistics, census returns, missionaries, Bible women, nurses, clergymen, doctors, and lastly the working people them selves.' He found his inquiry exceedingly in teresting, and stumped nearly the whole of East London. Presently ' I found a place which seemed eminently fitted for the site of my novel — as yet only a place. We had advanced only so far as to have a site, and a portfolio full of notes and facts. It was lise looking at the Bite for a new house, with the bricks piled up in readiness. But as yet nothing more. Not a character, not a person, not a single actor, and not a shred of a story. All the characters had to be found — all the story had to be invented.' However, the author did not feel anxious about his story after 16 years' experience of story writing, and ' after consideringa great number of young people, all subjected to the same miseries of insufficient food, insufficient clothing, insufficient recreation, the faces of those with whom one has been talking fuse themselves into a single face — a typical face ; or two or three faces, all typical faces.' One figure presently steps out of the crowd and says, ' I stand for alL Take me, and do what you will with me.' Three types were evolved in this instance, from among the sewing girls, and he called them Melenda, Lotty, and Lizzie. ' They were— (1.) The girl who works well and swiftly, being stimulated by the fever of continual rage at her own helplessness — that was Melenda ; (2), the girl of weak physique, who is slowly but surely being killed by her work ; and (3), the girl who longs and yearns for the easier life, and is ready to fall into the hands of the first man who tempts her. These are real types believe me.' He gave to these girls' relatives and belongings, anil from these materials evolved his story. In the November edition of the Idler, sent us by Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Archibald Forbes continues his Life of Napoleon HI., and also retells his story of the French sharpshooter in the little cottage outside Paris. There is a very in teresting talk with the animal painter, Mr. J. F. Nettleship, finely illustrated with his pictures and sketches of lions. Mr. Joseph Hatton continues his ' Revelations of an Album,' dealing this time with Miss Braddon, Charles Reade, Ouida, and Victor Hugo. Mr. B. E. Minns, whose drawings since he left Sydney appear to be creeping into so many periodicals, has a bright and humor ous sketch, and there -are many short stories and literary sketches of the entertaining type the Idler affects. ' Glimpses of Australia,' Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's art publication, has now reached its fifth part. Nos. 4 and 5 are just to hand. The numbers show further advance in production, part 5 being the best yet issued. They embrace views of Tasmania, Albury, West Australia, the Adelaide University, Melbourne Parliament Houses,- Canning Downs station, Bendigo Post Office, the Sydney Mint, Circular Quay, &c.; No. 5 opens with a fine head of t&e; last male TaBmanian aboriginal, and contains reproductions of several pictures which took prizcB in the Photographic Journal competition. One of these shows a drain plough, capable of cutting a furrow 3ft. by 3ft., two to four miles a day, being used at Quirindi ; the Sydney Lands Office, the Nemengha sheep station, and the Londonderry Mine ; Bome scenes of station life and prospecting life in New South Wales and Queensland are admirably reproduced, and probably the finest plate so far is one of a photograph by Mr. Niven, of Ballarat, of Lake Wendouree in winter. No series of articles of their particular type -? appear to have previously attracted the wide atten tion in Melbourne and outside which the series under the title of ' Deeds that Won the Empire,' by ' Vedette,' appearing for some time past in the Argus, have done. The articles are admirably done, and recount stirring scenes and incidents in British battles on eea and land. They have been copied far and wide, and now their writer .has begun their republication by Bpecial arrangement with the Argus proprietary. The little volume containing the first series, sent from the Australasian Review of Reviews office, Melbourne, though but the other day issued, has already reached a second edition, and comes to us from the publishers. It is an open secret that ' Vedette ' merely covers, without concealing, (lie identity of the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, the editor of the Review of Reviews, who is certainly to be congratulated upon this emulation of the methods of his London editorial chief, Mr. Stead. Mrs. Victoria Woodhull Martin, the editress of the Humanitarian, and .the clever writer upon matters affecting women and their relations with the other sex, is certainly one of the most remark able women of the day. An article upon her by Mrs. Hirst Alexander occupies the place of honour ; in the November Cosmos. Holding a dis tinguished social position in London, she is en deavouring to introduce the salon of the type bo famous of old in the French capital, and so far, with decided success. At her house may be seen the celebrities .in literature and art — Marie Corelb', Sarah Grand, Sir Walter Besant, Thomas Hardy, Mrs. Mannington Caffyn. She is a very brilliant lecturess. In 1870 she opened with her aster, now Lady Cook, a bank and brokerage business in Wall- street, New York, and as soon as the bank mastered secrets of ihe street, published Woodhujl and Clafliifs Weekly, in which she exposed financial frauds. She has been a great advocate of women's rights, and in 1872 was a candidate for the U.S. Presidency. Heir exposure of social, political, and financial frauds caused her to be five times arrested, though on each occasion she was acquitted. It was after this experience that she went to England and married a well-known banker. -In the 6ame number of Cosmos there is a story by Cecil Mostyn that opens well, and another instalment of the amusing ' My Chinese ' articles. The cult of the Christmas number is one that is growing, and year by year the leading caterers to it turn out more and more splendid work. This is largely due to the improvements in processes of artistic reproduction which have greatly reduced the cost of such productions while greatly en hancing their artistic excellence. Colour-printing has gone on improving fast, 6s may be Been by comparison with some of the colour- printing in ihe batch of Christmas numbers Bent us by the agents, Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, and which include Pears , the Graphic (noticed the other day), the Illus trated London News, Black and White , Holly Lewes, and The Golden Penny, and some of those of a few years back. The Illustrated London News number marks this improvement of colour-printing on its cover, in the glowing face of a pretty girl, but especially in the very fine coloured supplement, depicting a little girl violinist and her dog, a reproduction of the late C. Burton Barber's picture ' Sym phony.' The literary contents include three complete stories. One is by Thomas Hardy, en titled ' A Committeeman of the Terror,' another, 'The Doll's Ghost,' by Marion Craw ford, and the third, ' Wolverden Tower,' by Grant Allen. These are very finely illustrated, and, besides, there are very many illustrations of seasonable character by Sauber, Forrestier, and others. There are, besides, two amusing com panion pictures by- Sauber as supplements— ?' Blind Man's Buff ' and ' Hide and Seek.' Black and White relies upon several short stories, copiously illustrated. The vogue of Gilbert Parker, so well known to so many during his connection with the Herald and Mail in Sydney, is evidenced by his story, ' The Belfry of St. Hyacinth,' leading the way. ' A Victory for Virtue,' by J. Maclaren Cobban (the author of The Red Sultan ') ; ' The Strange Story of Northhavon Priory,' by Frankfort Moore ; 'The Green Silk Curtain,' by L. Cope Cornford ; and ' The Purple Pileous,' by ' Time Machine' Wells, comprise the number. The stories are admirably produced and artistically illustrated. Mr. S. B egg, the New Zealander, who was so long art editor of Black and White while that other New Zealander, Marriott Watson, was literary editor, is represented amongst the illus trations by a very fine social picture; so is Mr. Paul Hardy, brother of Mr. Norman Hardy, of the Mail. The coloured presentation supple ment iB ' Motherless,' which reproduces a very fine and touching picture by Walter Langley. ' Holly Leaves,' the Christmas number of the | Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News, is always a popular publication. The coloured supplement ifi a large and fine reproduction of a stirring battle picture, 'Wellington at Waterloo,' by Robert Hillingford. Australian writers and artists seem to be in nearly all the Christmas numbers this year, for here we find the chief story is by Nat Gould, late of Sydney, ' The Stable Lad's Dream.' There are a large number of short stories, freely illustrated, and there are light and amusing contributions of all kinds. Besides these there is a mass of pictures of special sporting or dramatic interest, including one fine picture by poor Fred Barnard, whose tragic death we learned by cable the other day — burned in bed. It is sad to look on his quaint art now. It is a large picture of an old-fashioned dancing class. The master is exhibiting ' the show pupil ' with evident pride, and the disgust, admiration, or envy of the rest is most humorously depicted. The Golden Penny, one of the ventures of the Graphic proprietary, which makes a great feature of prizes and insurance of readers, issues its Christmas number at 6d. It contains quite a number of stories, some of theni very strong. The chief story iB by G. Firth_Scott, ' Tor ' Ymmot, Queen of Lemuria.' It is an Australian story, dealing with the blacks of W&t; and South . Australia and their legends, and rour Sydney artist, Mr. B. E. Minns, has illustrated it finely and fancifully. Besides the mass of illustrated j short stories, the number makes a feature of comio sketches And picture puzzleis, and reproduces some of Randolph Caldecott's amusing hunting : scenes which one remembers years back in the j Graphic. The longest story is by Basil Thomp- ; 6on, whom most Sydney folk remember, and who made such good use of his Tongan experience in ' The Diversions of a Prime Minister.' The new story deals with convict life at Noumea. It is a stirring story, recounting the life and fall of two Parisian acrobats. There is also a hand some coloured supplement of a child entitled, ' What are the Wild Waves Saying?' In another number of the Golden Penny sent us from the publishing office, the results of the colo nial prize competition are given. Messrs. E. Plummer, of Sydney ; John Pluminer, of Sydney ; B. Burlinson, of Parkeide, South Australia ; H. J. Rossiter, oi Port Albert, Victoria; Annie 'Cooper, of Albmy ; Nina de Salis, of Quean beyan ; Gertrude Robertson, of Tewantin, Queensland; and Tom Nicholls, of MnsmiuiE, Sydney, win chief prizes, and various other Aus tralians win minor prizes. Mr. Minns has pic tuaes in this number also (October 17). But fine as is this flood of Christmas numbers, with their high artistic excellence, literary and j pictorial, ' Pear's Christmas Annn«l ' excels them all. It is said that the soap proprietary . spend an immense sum on this annual, with its three splendid reproductions of pictures as supple ments .and its mass of exquisitely produced coloured illustrations. These last are made to depict ''From Christinas Eve to Twelfth , Night,' and 'a -charming series they., are, by well known .artists whose work has. been most beautifully reproduced. The literary portion consists, as is customary with this particular annual, of one complete story. This time it is by George R. Sims, 'Once npon a Christmas Time,' finely illustrated by Charles Green. The three presentation pic tures comprise a large picture of an old-fashioned Christmas party, by Charles Green, and two water-colours by Hugh Thomson, an old Christ mas coaching scene, and 'A Canter on the Heath.' Chapman and Halbare announcing a new work by Mr. W. Saville-Kent, ' The Naturalist in Australia,'' and promise that it shall be a very sumptuous edition. 