COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE. , [NOTT FIRST PUBLISHED.) ^THE ^/ITHETO OF A ROSE,^ ■wst From the Pen of MARIE CORELLI, the Famous Author of] • "The Sorrows of Satan," "Barabbaa: A Dream of the "World's • • \- Tragedy,M •'The Song, of iliriam," &c.;,-&o.; IALL Q UEENSLAtfD JU GUTS! RKSER FED.] 5v "r Immediately above the picturesque town of "" Lncorno tbero is a toweriifg eminonce clothed Pi'with; pines, to the summit of which the ex ploring \arid" aspirin# tourist can ascend by : one or.uiose geiuousiy uonniveu. * iuwuuiiur • "• railways, .no\r* so common"; in . all.- the \- mountainous districtB.of.Switzerland... The little passenger car is worked by the • cog-whecl-aiid-water system, and jogs slowly upa precipitous incline, which surveyed from the bottom appears to slant at about an angle of ninety degrees. But it isnot so perilous as : at seems. The journey is easy and safe "-enough; and those who are-troubled with •"nervous sensations," and who insist'on ' closing their eyes firmly while travelling-Up ' in the strange conveyance, which, when ob •• served from a sufficient distance, certaiuly ^'somewhat resembles a squat kind of blue* • • bottle clinging to a .wall, will have their full -^-consolation and reward on arriving.at the top. .. ■ . For there, one of the most glorious land ^--ficapps mrthe world is spread before the v enraptured sight; the lovely " Lake of the " Four Cantons " glitters below in all its width .iVof vasty/blue, : -surrounded by kindly ■■y mountains, 'the peaks of whioh, even in the • height of summer, still keep on their spatk • ling dio/lems of virginal snow;. on cither bond a forest of tall pine trees stretches away \-- for miles, a .forest where one niay wander in sohtudo for hours, walking on a thick carpet -.of the softest, znoss.strewn with the brown v and fragrant " pine needles/' scarcely hear ..'ing one 8 own footstep and seeing nothing r-but. the arching catkedruMike splendour, of ^ solemn green gloom, flocked ■ through here and there by the blue, of the sky and the :bnght rays of the stiu. v-: At the entrance of this forest stands one of • the prettiest of - rustic hotels, known as the -. - ''Pension Gutsch," a house built in tbo. true; \- Swiss style, with picturesque gabled roofs .•j. and wide wooden. veranaus—its charming \- ^ . seclusion and simplicity offering a delightful . contrast to gurish glories of the " Schweizer r hof " and the other monstrous Americanised \- hotels of Lucerne, where the main object of • everyouo. concerned, from the "portier" •• dowa to the smallest paying guest, appears \- to be to.forget as completely as.possible the! \- fact that Switzerland,. as Switzerland exists, :.x and to live-solely for the enjoyment of tbe[ tablo d'hoto, dress, flirtation, - and lawn! / tennis. . = ' . It is a singular fuct, but true, that all the ~- big hotels in Lucerne have their table-d'hote . dinner, served precisely at the sunset hour— .. the .very time when grand old Mount Pilatus is gathering around his frowning brows .. ; strange 'and mystic draperies of crimson and . . gold aud green—when the lako looks • like melted jewels, and all the lovely hues of heaven are.merging by delicious gradations v into tho cool, pearly gray of such pure twi . light as is never seen save in countries where . the air is ratified by the presence of perpetual snow. For this very reason persons of - a fanciful and romantic turn of mind, .who prefer soenery to soup, frequently do battle with their nerves to the extent of being lifted • likelittlefrigbtenedcbildreninabasket—up the precipitous "Gutsch " where, at the un pretentious, spotlessly clean, and fragrant hotel bearing that name, they can do pretty much as they liko, and have the supremecom fort of quiet rooms and refreshing sleep, luxuries completely denied them at all the large hotels in the town. Moreover, by making a special arrange ment and paying a little extra, they can have their meals served at'their own stated hours, all of which sensible management and forethought on the part of the proprietor has the result of . making his house a favourite resort of artists, poets, and dreamers generally. Tho frivolous and empty-headed would not care for such a . place—it offers nothing but reposo and beauty; it is not a suitable abode for golfers . or tomboy tennis players—they do well to \- - - remain in Lucerne and cling to the noisy. and overcrowded. "Schweizerhof.".. . But it .is eminently fitted for, lovers in tho first stage ■ . of sentimental ardour, and it is an ideal nook wherein to spend a happy honeymoon. • "When, on ono dazzling afternoon in early . July, a gentleman with black moustaches got •;• out of the. littlo funicular cur, und assisted a • . - charmingly attired and very young ludy with \- fair hair to alight also, and when theso twaiu were followed by a valet, a moid,'and. the •porter -bearing some very now- looking ..luggage, none of the people already staying -. .. at the Gutsch had any: difficulty in classify • ing them. 'They were newly married; theii . - very appearance betrayed them. One of the \- regular nabitues of the place, a dark-oyec young man clad in carelessly fitting tweeds \- said as much to tho landlord, who, having. "bowed the couple in, now stood on bis door- ■ step benevolently surveying the.prospect.. 1 : On their wedding toar,. I'suppoae?." he : observed, with u snulo. ..."It* is possible,1' replied mine boat,' discreetly. "Tlie bidy is young. Not so youug the gentleman. .They have euguged : the best rooms." • . " Ah I Plenty of money about then! " ..fit is to bo, thought so," replied the , proprietor,- as he continued'to smile blandly at the scenery. *" The lady has aiuaid, the gentleman a valet. Everything V—aud ho spread out his hands expressively.—"is de luxe. They are English people—evidently well bred. Perhaps you know the namo— Aliingham—Mr. and Mrs. AllingliHin, of DunscorabeHall, Norfolk?" . The-dark-eyed artist thought a moment then said "No." A vague idea wosin his mind that he had seen a sketch or photograph somewhere of Dunscombe Hull, butliowHs not sure. - And mine host being called away at the moment, the conversation was broken of?.... , . The new arrivals had their meals served to them privately in their own apartments; so any curiosity felt concerning ihem among the table-d'hotc company at the Pension Outsell was not destined to be . largely gratified. One morning, however, Mr. Francis Pane, the dark-eyed•, artist,. already mentioned, met Mrs: Aliingham wAlking by herself in one of the lonelier and more outlying paths of. the pino forest, and was quite taken aback by. her extremely childish appearance. She was so small and light on her feet, she hud such a young, wistful, wondering; face, aud her figure was cost in socli a dainty and delicate mould, that, as she passed him silently by, in her simple white morning dress,. tied round the.waist with aknot of. blue .ribbon,, she looked like a little girl just fresh from school, and it seemed impossible, almost absurd, to consider her us a married womau. "Why, she can't, be more than fifteefior sixteen!". lie. mentally ejaculated, staring after her bewildered. As a matter, of fact /as,twenty, and had seen two seasons in town; but things of the world worldly had :ik yet left no traoe on her fair features/und her eyes still held their dreams of- innocence unsullied—hence, though a woman, she was still a child. - ' • • ' Mrs..: Allinghum, of Dunscombe Hall, Norfolk!" repeated Frank Futio to himself, with a short grulf laugh. "By Jove! It seems preposterous 1" . It did seem, .if not preposterous, a-little strange ;• and Rose Aliingham- herself some times thought so. She hud been inarrfcd j ust a fortnight, and had uot yet got over the novel sensation of having a big. thick wodding ring on -the tiny, third-finger of her little white ..hand. She would turn it round and round with a whimsical solemnity, and now and then she secretly polished it up with a small bit of chamois leather keptihher jewel-, case; for the purpose. And as she regarded her wedding ring even so she regarded her husband. The well-dressed gentleman with the perfectly irreproachable manner, even features, and well-grooraed moustache, was Harold. Brentwood Allinghum, of Dunscombe Hall, Norfolk;* and sho was Mrs.- Harold Brentwood Aliingham, of Dunscombe Hall, Norfolk. It all seemed very interesting, and new, and important. .She was never tired of going over and over the events which had, in their sequence, led her np to this lofty position of matrimonial dignity. She had left school to be brought out and presented—oh, that presentation! Would she ever forget the isery of it ? The bother of her long train the' nasty, spiteful behaviour of the ladies who pushod her, pinched her, and generally scrimmaged for entrance into the Throne-' room; the bitter cold of the weather, and the horrible draughts that blew all over her uncovered neck and arms; the disappoint ment of there being no sovereign to receive her when she made her pretty curtsey (practised for three weeks under the tuition of one of the best mistresses of deportment in London) but only one of the princesses;-the extreme, hunger and thirst from which she suffered during the longi "wait;" then, her utter prostration and sinking into a dead faint when she got homo, and having beef tea put down her throat in hot spoonfuls by her anxious mother; all this was perfectly fresh in her mind. Then came the memory of several balls and dances, at many of which she had met the good-looking and rich Mr. Harold Brentwood Allinghiim, and had .danced with him—ho was a splendid dancer—then Henley, where the same Harold Brentwood Allmghaih had invited her to his house-boat, and given her flowers and bon- bons; then, a visit to a beautiful countiy houso in Devonshire, where she had found him installed as one of Hie house-party; then, that afternoon, when I. » a • Tifld discovered her alone - in the rose I garden, reading poetey, and teW tlio Wk : Sot of her hands, had te^ to m^e love to her. Such fanny love 1 Mot-atau u» r lovottio poets write about—nothing ml least like it There was mr nonsense about " w£ig »4" wild , "nassionate tmglmgs'. in sir. iiatoiu. BSwo^d Allmghnm. He was a very self prepar^ to enter upon it in a sensible and respectable manner. „.w in called . bV without .verbiage, or what is »ueu " hich-flown" sentiment, be had put his case HndSy and practically. Bb?hud would yon like to marry mo?. And she nnu surveved him in such astonishment that ho to yonr parents," he. hadI then continued, talcing her hand, and rat'"'= I und tfcoufrh I am some years older than y«u, hlttust as it shouW shall be very happy together. You Wi ^Sherehis^rhi'wIC*! •< would natorally Mcupy an enable position in society." AndEose had trembled all over iuu you do youiself- ^J-here 5 Si^no^'shu answered earnestly, which ^!«Tiet ns comMet^' he had said, and bad kissed tag^nd tho rose garden i mid later ou i . - tet^rSSS,l4 «ow, here ahe i . ^th the her • honevjnoon in. bwitteruinu, ... =S=^=»5CW3t. S^~oiCsLtttad not realiW a=&-='U^AS; «et^|E8£e«JS {aoa»95a^»»^ hurself-ntoidthnt shewas^ «^ 01£Swh verv well, but occasionally she own and murmuring uneasily ■ wonder if I really. lovo him ?" The doubt made her uncomfortable, for she youn^wife, who was thereby rendered con SSrJ.tt-5.nr.ss si; ^tr5faci« ^^be^nmbl^u" wism EBMMI r^ofSfhSr ^o°et myo,S ana baltoy as spring, mi«*ht have cUrov'Srto Rose^Allingham if they had not also been days ^^tXcre^^h loving to her impalpable ^^er^tw^mhis^atuw^andI 4 =l %jt rtsji-ts -^>TSfaSp»6» M^^ero1 Isn't that nice ?" 1 He regarded her with a gentlemanly •imazement. . - _ . '«ofc * nico.* Ib i8 mytM^'USoai at y°U' Rose! I really am. Suppose anyone were to meet us walking along in this ridiculous position! "Why, they would tako u« for Cook's tonristor-a Cockney 'Arryand 'Arriet 3ut for a stroll! Nothing could be more and degrading! " - beade ller Btm ™&wal;*oa virtuous indivrmtion YltlS C P'V 15U."1 Mta word, i ™r°,Uni< "U" mmsonuig cheeks »n/,; on also, irith litaefeet°mo^^nS "ownoust ' W* her sently ho iriarJ],),.„™ at, wosnly. pre. of nhotiog wwldescensb?"1. ™ With an air you " aai sorr-1: I be ^'he'retoiS £$5*»b„nM it well, no doubt. J),,, dfi" r°u meant "tone or before witn<»™ * ,®re,:er wo ure, the appearance of vnfcuritr "a f®"* ®vc" ■'is ' *ni4"ia' « notpoetiyaat ,wj rate® "it?® "It On!v von tf» / . itisonivnie." • you me.4 ' . ie "Poatodi - What do words just"emne'1^re,rn5" own ailly, ol dourse." '"tomyhoad. Very "SUI^Z^^,hdipifiod wonder. • "■deed. Votl,,',,- ^IshouId think so, mind me of tho styJo tvliiehf!"' rc" taohe. ; All n't uuct Am Si'" Wa?k on expression of na hefe ^l "?- bm yomigrfare. l»t"etic pleading in her voice, •' iirf'yoifmr^-i luJtu~a' nncerfail! J lore tne ?" ^ »i-au—do you really J eoinff. '^Iw d^rSS e!l0WI« anre-womeu ^reS alfe! ®'h,°°' h® H politeness,' 1° aink °^Pv w.£b kboriomi J consideration the fact that r T tato ioto I you,yon wiu.TOircek, 1 ,imvo.married toolwh questiou Tf^ t i ^ 8Uo^ a ym-1 should not Cve iiL W not '"Vcdyoui you are ,nyl&°X "'fr" rH you-the deepest feehm™' 1° "offieient for the fewest words, X hon^n" ka™'' i"ive became dwtiuctiyLLe®*?, ,i®> hie voice you are not •roinVvS" m tone, "I hone childish; hntpe?hapsTOU at.0tIl?Dff-mura had better go indoor *pri,- 0VGrt^ed, nnd ye are livmg more or Sfi ?mf ^ tllat inspection, and that an h»!*n Ua?e» public^ make a hceue iu." w not the place ana b/ghfladmi?to iis" ^oy were dry I \- '!I>0 not be afraid." «1i««,'m ' ' ilia tonhiff from"1h°iin° T®'" ^ I 00frnde, smokiny a dgifr " oa 4116 tBrf ^•lV?aa« Fanewa, block, hent^ fi™;l„" fetching study of a . tali pine sS;?®fuP°w,<^a1' y~%Ei^&-5S aistaneo off. He'could^^„?0S3,at.S0m<! Me distinctly, f0r the sh^ows ,t-oat SO lung- and wide and ,, Pme8 were cariosity, he got un 2 ' moved br what it was if L P d, went to see teeffintoaWe-a !t "sol'S m white with a bine ribiwn m n •?ffUre and stopping abruotl,, ■ ni lts waist— when tbo ll 7n,lZt - a sir?jfffoS'Aife) bttie tremulous smile - ?h»o S-!?. M'd with a pretenco or affeetatinn x w',^raut tbe least with a tinr C„ >, Vah? dried her oVre iangb, though a ttifle foreSf™*^ to oty," t0<.Sy'ch, bat to very mce to have a fiWtfweep^lL to'oneself " Is it? " and he reddened foolishly. ".I should havo thought——But he - could not devise any fitting end to the sentence; and she looked, at-him with a touch of wist fulness in her. dewy eyes. • *1 May I see your sketch ? " she said, pick ing up a large pine-cone from the ground and studying its pretty polished divisions with intense interest. "I nave often noticed you wandering about with your easel and paint-box. You are Dir. Francis Fane, are you not, and you are staying at the same hotel as we are ? " To all this he assented, walking beside her dreamily, and always thinking what a child she looked. As they drew near the spot where ho had left his easel, he woke np to consciousness of prosy etiquette, and endea voured to realise that his companion was not a woodland sylph as she seemed, but a married lady or* position. . " I'm afraid my poor sketch is hardly worth your looking at, Mrs. Allingham," he began formally. She interrupted him by a little gesture. • "On, yon know I am Mrs. Allingham? " she queried, smiling. conM?' 1 <jo!" he answered, some- ' what; amused and surprisedat her tone von^^t." ° ?enS'0n °u6ch kn(nn She mused a tittle, still intent on tin asked WhS' ti>e- K>i'' °f m6?" aha lame was quite taken aback by the direct ness of the question. Mreting her eyes, however, and; noting the inquiring candour and sweet innocence of their expression, ho ' answered out manfully: "Thev-isuy yon are very joune and verv pretty. You could hardly expect them t« aayorto think anything- else, could you ?" She smiled and blushed. '"?% 1 ,dou>t know I" aheeaid. ««Yo* fSny "0" y mij?ht' mu]i me-well-, He stared. ' "Funny.'.' - • , • .. Bwanse it does seem funny; doesn t it, for such a little thing ns I am, to te a married woman? Some people iwt Hume it carious. Fancy-a mairied woma^l. O.'n l amqu.'ooldenongh-I am twenty «n tS '*?!m to htlJ enough or bi> enough. aud sho.spreud oat her pretty smik and >it}l 8 "harming oil ■ ■}, 308 r know' finite where X got ali my.silly ideas from, -but when i' uas a t school I used to think a married woman meant somebody fat and imporfant mdff' "?T" Wore 8 8t breakfast, i da bow of velvet on the exact top of her head by wot of full dress at dinner. I did really. ^ and her eyes sparkled at the sound of Fane s joyous laughter. "Of course, I know better now, but then » hero she broke oft as she saw the easel just in front of her with the unfinished sketch upon ft. She loosed at it long and earnestly, and Fane watched her, feeling somewhat enrions to know what sort of criticism this baby-faced creature would pass upon it. She studied it from every poiut with close attention, and her es grew soft and serious.. ' 'S .veiy human!" she said, at last. The poor split tree tells its own history. u can ^ it did not know anything it Stn» "P TJitehappily, always looking at the £?'?» h"™ could befall it—till all at once the lightning struck it to the heart and killed it. And in Hi is picture of Suf nf*"13 t0 a,k was it my fault that I fed. Of course, you mean it as'an emblem of some noble ruined life, do you not?" . He heard her with a certain wonder and reverence—her voice was so very sweet and grave.. • ■ - I "I cannot say lever thought of It In the way you see i£" he answered, "bat I am Very glad, and proud, that you find so much poetry in tny poor effort." ?®> 1 am at all ^ -85ld» quickly, and- almost shamefacedly. " I used to be rather fond of reading Keats andB»ron, but Xnever do that now—-my husband does not like it —" 'Indeed.'" murmured Fane vaxruelr wishing hw could makes picture of her £ she Stood before him m her little white gown, with a picturesque, broad brimmed hat rest 1D« w the sonny curls of her abundant hair At- , -8?e went 0nx confidingly, "hs thinks it such nonsense. You see. he is c very clever man, aud very scientific. Ha rcaOs fili tie heavy magazines, and thinks H is very aihy to waste time on studying verse wheD one can have so much prose.'* "Yes, there certainly is a good deal oj • prose about, saidFaue.- ■■ ■ At that moment a shadow crossed the sun» hght in winch they, stood, and ilr. Allinir nam suddenly made his appearance. '! ^hyj Harold I" exclaimed his wife^ springing towards him, •? I thought you had gone into the town I" / . ."I have been into the town," he replied, trigialy,, but X returned a few minutes aeo Perhaps yon are not aware it is nearly om' lunch-hour? - Then with a stand-offish yet would-be patronising, air, addressing himself to Fane, •'Yon are an artist, sir ?!' " I do a little in that way," replied th( young man, modestly. "Mrs. A'lingharr happened to pass by while I was at work sketch " d enousk to look at my „ *'^,1~f^rer-ye3! Yeiy good indeed!" murmured Mr Alhngham, scarcely glancing at the picture as he spoke. "Hole, it fr time we went in Yon are staying at our hotel are yonnot, ifr.—er—Mr.- ?" "Fane," said that gentleman; mildly. "Fane, oh! ah—yes. I think I have heard of you in London. Yon have exhibited, have you not?" • "Frequently." _ " Oh, yes, cr—I remember!! Charmed— ™^nMt yon! Are you coming our "PS Fane, rather brusquely, "I must finish my work." : And he raised his hat courteously as hus band and wife in their turn saluted him and walked away together. He looked after thenr for some minutes, noting with an artists eye the swaying- youthful grace of the woman s dainty figure, and the stiff uncompromising squareness of the man's. himiif m°" o?1 ,in, every way," lie said to himself. She is too young; and he is too —conceited." - That same evening he was somewhat surprised when Mr. Allingham came up to him with almost an air of cordialitv. und invitea him to take coffee, and a smoke after wards in that privato part of the * Gutsch' veranda which had been specially partitioned °n J5r the sole use and benefit of the newly wedded pair. He went, and was shyly wel comed by Mrs. Allinithnm, who looked riiore like a small lost angel than ever, attired iu a loose tengown of silky white, adorned with old lace, and sleeves of delicate chiffon. She sat a little apart, looking oat through the J creepers which festooned the veranda at tho foil moon, sailing slowly through white clouds brer the heights of Sonnenberg. ''Mrs. Aliingham .does not object to 'smoke?'" said Fane, courteously, before lighting his cigar. She turned her head, surprised; herhusbandlaughed. '•Well, I never asked her," he said. "Eose, do you hear? Do you object to smoke?"* l- "Object? I? Oh, no," she faltered. Not at all!" ; Her husband laughed again and passed the liqueurs to his guest, who, however, helped himself very sparingly. Aliingham drank off some cognac, and began to talk, and presently brought round the conversation to the subject •f his place in Norfolk—Duoscombc Hall. "I nave been looking," he said, with a pompous air, "for a competent person to §Mke sketches of the place. Now, I believe, if I am not mistaken, that you are on the staff of one of the pictorials ? " { Fane admitted the fact. 1 " Then you would be the very man for me. I should not at all mind giving you the job if you would carc to undertake it." on the tip of'Fane's tongue'to say that he would see mm first, for the man's .tone was so bumptious and patronising as to be distinctly offensive. But, glancing at the 'delicate profile of the girl who leaned ont among the clambering vines, looking at the solemn beauty of the night, he restrained himself by an effort. • "If my engagements will allow me to . accept any extra work I shall not object," he answered, stiffly, "but I should have to aommunicate with my editor first. "Oh, .ertainly, certainly," said Mr. Aliingham, complacently. "Only if you dp it at all you must do it in Octol>er. If you can't arrange that I must get somebody else. Dunscombe Hall is a very fine subject for an artist's pencil. It used to be a monastery, . and there are still some ruins of the.old cloisters in the grounds. And there is a ehuwy bit of sketching always at hand in the Haunted Mere." " Is it haunted ?" ""Well, they say so," replied AHingham, lighting his cigar. " I've never seen the ghost myself, but I am told that whenever there Is to be a death in the family a lady appears in a boat on the water and beckons the departing spirit. All nonsense, of course. But I rather like a family ghost." . . "And you?" asked Fane of Mrs. Ailing ham, seeing that she had turned towoids . them and was listening attentively. " I cannot quite tell whether I do or not," she said slowly, and he fancied he saw her tremble. "I have never been in a haunted house to my knowledge, and, of course, it will be a new experience.' She forced a little mule. "laid not know Dunscombe Hall had a ghost." . "Wdl, you know now," said her husband, Cheerfully. "Batit is a ghost that never tomes indoors. And the Haunted Mere is a Infie off from the house, so no one is likely to make its acquaintance. Yon will let me know in good time, Hr. Fane, as to whether you can undertake my commission or not?" "Ccrainly." The conversation then changed to other matters, and when they parted for the night Fane thought Mrs. Aliingham looked very tired and sad. A. great pity filled his heart for the winsome little creature who seemed made for special tenderness and care, and who, despite the fact of her married dignity, had such an air of pathetic loneliness about her. " Poor little woman !" he murmured, as he strolled out by himself in the warm moon light, before going to bed. " She has got a perfectly irreproachable, commonplace prig for a husband—he will never do her any bans openly—never grudge her anything— never scandalise her in the least—and yet' " He did not pursue the train of his reflec tions—he glanced at the moon, the tall straight pine tree, the dewy turf—then, vnth a sigh over what he, as a modern pessimist, was disposed to consider the "fairness and futility " of creation generally, forgot every thing in a sound and dreamless sleep. 