O R i a - I a ^ A L S T O I t V pTbe Byslery of the Willow Farm. III.—(COKTTMJBD. BV PAUL TWYFORD.) ' Don't hurry baofe, but let mo hare an hour and eoe if I don't bring back one, at lea*t—that Ib, if the ghoetbtw notfrigbtenod tbcin all awayand in fiayiugthis be made a grimnoo at Tom, /who sat with hie chin renting oit hU palmaj lookiup Htraight into the red otobcrfl. Joo was a bi>m fportfliian aud, wet. or dry, nothing pleased him hotter than beating the bush for game of t-orne eort. Tom gave a «igh of relief aa Joe left the lioubo whittling a cotnio air, and turuod to me his scared faco. ' Old fricud,' he began,\\* you'll thinkm Etrange—porbapn mad—whan you hear what I have to say. It in better ^.bn.t you should know it. for t-omcbody cine will—and there's no knuwiug wliut may happen/ Tbeu you did eon pumefhing?* ' God holp me, 1 did ; and I shall never rent aguin. When 1 thought you were asleep, 1 ^ot up, and ran noarly.all the way liere, for 1 full tho storm ooinmg.ou. I had time to knock on a firewhon.it outoe o in rual uarueat—thunder, lightning, wind, raiii; it seemed as if tho end had come—for the room appeared to me to bo full of moving thinirs, having neither rmbstance nor form. Tiioro followed a lull in the storm, and I it looking in tho firoand thinking o Mm. • ' ' dear Zara ' \ 4 What! is that bor name P what an, ou landish namo. Did she toll you c* 4 Yea; her fathor wan a 0rook, I betieve, bnt that is immaterial. While thinking of her I felt a slight touch on niy shoulder.* I tumod sharply round—thoro was nothing; aud again I lookod into the fire for her dea faoe. Again my shoulder was touched,and Hgain I fiawnothing. Then I dotenninei to watch, and turned my faoo from the fir looking into tho gloom with 6 train od eyobatls. ProeeDtly I began to eoo something moving, it oatne nearer and nearer, until I could see a muffled figure beckoning to me with one hand, whilo pointing with the oth to anothor room—that room in there— (pointing to a doorway at tho end of the room in which we sat). I followod; I oouldn't rostat. Oatsldo tho door is a short dark passage, off which is the room where I saw what will never be ofFaccd from my memory. My mufflod guide scorned to icarry an oloctric light; yet I saw no lamp. ;The room was lit with tho same pale blue 'light—more like vapour tlinn anything else that I can think of—and though black as je all round, I could see distinctly a bed, on •which reclined a man—apparently asleep— and by his side a woman. 0 Qod, how can 1 toll you whom eho was like ! no, not only liko, but it was she—Mrs. —•-—, Zara ! She was awake, and presently roeo on one arm and peered into tho filcopingman'eface Tor a time her faoo was hid from mo, then cho turned, and it was simply domoniao in its expression. From under her pillow she •drew a long, bright daggor, and without furthor hesitation, plunged it deep into die man's breast. He Rpraug up, in a spasmodic sort of way, thon. foil back, whilo "the blood Spurted all over tho whito oounterpane. Again and again the sharp blade was plunged into tho dying man's body, and tho -the friond—the woman—Zira, railed her toad and smiled straight at me; ber dark oyes Poomod to piorco mo through and through. I soemod to fall across the bod, but picked myself up from tho floor. It was all a phantasy; there was no bod, no murderess. &o; murderod man—nothing bnt a halo of ale blue light showing a dark patch on the Soof. It was blood, for I felt it—see, it is on my hand now 1' 1 * Tom, your hands arc not blood- .etainod. It was all fancy. Let us go and look at the room.' * No, no, so 3' ho almost shrieked, 1 not ,ior a kingdom I' 1 Then 1 will go,' and I groped my way t •fcho chamber which was in black darkness, groaped ull round tho room and felt nothiug ' Thore'enothing there, Tom. I'm afraid you're in for a fover, or soroothiug; you're quite unmanned about somethi ng.* * No, I swear 1 saw what I have described Go and look again—here, take this burning etiok, it will light you.' I did as he desired, and saw nothing—no, J am wrong, for on the floor was a big rou patch of a dark colour. I folt it; it was dry—my hands wero not stainod. Did you see anything, Phil f * Nothing—only a stain of something on tho floor—hut that's nothing.' 1 Nothing 1 why what elso can it bo but blood. 8eo bore, Mra. , Zara—my -Zara—is a xnurdorefts—the man was her hu band—yot she wears no ring. Is it not B trance ?' * Well, yee, thoro is something etrango about that woman, I admit; but as for tho other, it is fancy. You are not well; here's joe—with two possums, I declare ; lot us jiovr get back to camp.' Pay was brooking, and Tom offered no objection. He wont out into tho road whilo Joe and I stood for a minute lighting fripoft by the fire. 4 Joe, just a minute, grab that blazing etiok, and follow me.' Joo stared, but did as ho was bid. Our blazing fire-stickslit up the room so that wo . could inspect it thoroughly : tho walls were pompnet, no openings of any kind save' -window and door, tho former being closefi .vith board shutters. / ' Joe noticed the blaok stain on tho floor jind wondered what it was. • f * It is hard to fay—somo accident perhaps in tho old days: possibly a man shot and. .died there. No doubt that has given rise to tho ghost yarn * i \ * What, did Tom see it 1 Not he; he's awfully exalted, and I fear he has got a touch of fever. We: will got away from here before he gets sick/ Joo acquiesced, and we joined Tom. in th road. Ho saw as smoking and folt for his pipe, then altered his mind, laying that smoking wasn't good for him; / — It was quite light when.we slipped into our room, unobserved as X thought, for Hubert was fast asloep. W/e slept late, unt wo wero aroused by ourjinsh friend, who bad just returnod from a bathe, he told us and by the light in his eye, and his genera pleased expression, I guessed that he had also been having a quiet tote-a-tete with Hrs • 'J A boating excursion" was planned, and a few minutes afterwards Hubert and I found ourselves together «snong the rows of corn, sampling some good'fiugar melons. Ho put Lis arm in mine land led me farther away from the house, •Phil, old man,. congratulate me; Hrs —, that is, Zam, has accepted me.' . By-the-bye, did Hrs. tell you how that house oamo to be haunted—or, rather why thoy say it is P • It is all rubbish. It is her property— belongod, I think, to her husband.' But what relation is she to the old lady ' That I .cannot say. But why all this catechising?' asked Hubert with somo warmth. . ' Well,mv friend, since you ask me, I ma as woll tell yon that my friendship for you and Tom prompts mo.' ' Toni!—what of him ?' 1 Simply this: he is, or was, also madly In lovi with Mra. .' ' Tom i why ho is only a boy. There a« the two girls: surely he don't dream of Mr j—r- rooiprocatiug his mod fancy !' * I'm afraid he does, or did, at any rate ^ Did—why, what has changt-d bim ?' '' Well, last eight he visited tho hauotcd 'Ha!— hal— ha! and saw tho ghost, I euppob" ? Toor boy ! I mtiRt talk to tilm.' 'X ), d.m't talk t'j him ; loave him alone in hi» fau<:ics. Talking will do no good; H H-in«]•> out.' 4 did lr-,-.*r.nj-thi:;gr 1 Tl.oro i? nothing ttaro ioi him to eoo,' eaid I, evasively. ' Of course not. Ghosts! why, ghosts vanishttd from od tho face of tho earth at th end of the la-si ccntury. But let us go now or they'll thiuk wo have bolted ;' and ho hiskc-d ino uluug through tho rows of tall, dark coru-etalke if I feather weight. y. , But Hi tin reinaiufl to Iw told—and that I should1»> ftbloto tell it grieves mo muob. Ji i<\- ii mystery to this day how it all happened ; and gird an I may, tho actual perpe trator of the dumuable crime which wouud it]) our holiday, in still at large—that is, sh who waK the cau«c of it, escaped and lives uufuspecti.'d by all but myself, and, possibly, o JoeClemen^hawc. Be tliat as it may, I will relate how that dieadftil time ended. AHcr luncheon the boats worn got roady, and sovontl hampern put aboard. Mrs and IJunort w«re the gayest of the company; tho old l:idy was pleasant, and the two youu girls did llii'ir best to cheer Tom, whose despondency tlu»y had noticed. Tiitiro were two boats—the larger foating n tho old lady, the two girls, Tom and myelf the oilier wns to bo row^d by Hubert, Joo and Richard, with the 'fairladye' as coxitwuin. But when we wore oil ready fur a btiirt, Kiclmrd was mis.«ing. Wo coo-oo-d, and coo-oo-d, but tho man did not turn up f and at tho roomont one of tho maids cune down from the houso and said she had f>een him rowing about in a small skiff just befor t-wo camo down to tho wharf. 4 In that case lot us go,' said Mrs ——. ' For ho has gono on ahead.' So away wo wont, laughing and Ringing, all save two, my poor boy, Tom, and myself. I cortaiuly r had no presentiment of tronble—I feared only because of Toin's melancholy—whioh I attributed to his beingunwell; and also that e,\ something might occur to cause unploasantncra botwoon him and O'Noill. Wa arrived at the little bay and landed ; \modo a firoand had teu, and then romped about on tho grass until wo wero all hot an er tirod. Then somoono proposed a bathe, and we men made for the boats—when lo! almos in\the twinkling of an eye, Tom was miasinj?, and also tho smaller boat—and strangely , Richard had not yet turned up. I folt troubled at Tom's going off by himself, but 6till felt no alarm. The throe of us had nn swim; and then landodata very promising pisoe to look for ferns for ' the ladies '—so O'Neill said. Hubert went in one dirootion and Joei tho otlrar, whilo I sat on a rook b t tbo bank watching up and down etroamfor Tom—fofc-, I was getting uneasy at his absence. :. \ Joe sooA returned ; but after waiting for nearly an llpur, and tho sun was getting low we began-to,coo-oo for our big friend, Hubert. Getting no reply, wo followed the . direction hot had takon, coo-oo-ing as we went. Stillx^a reply, nor sign of him. Wo entered the boat and pulled along by tho bank, calling aloud his name, but no responso. Joo then suggested that as the plaoo wo landed at was on the same rideof tho stream as whore wo had left the ladies, Hu bert had probably made for them in order t tako them by surprise. Tho idea was feasi n ble ; and we pulled baok expecting to fin both Hubert and Tom there—bnt, alas 1 w wero sadly disappointed. The consternation of the women folk was great indeed at our two friends' strange disappearance, and the old lady also thought it' very strange' that Rioliard should have kept away. ' Never mind him—ho's nobody,* said Mrs " - ; but your two friends,Mr. Brown, whatever ban havo happened, to them f I was almost speechless with dread, and for tho life of mo I could;not have spoken civilly totho woman had Ltried. It was now dark, and Joe, ever practical suggested a return to tbe faroi, in order to organiso search parties. We did so—Joo and I pulling silently—and I may say in re gard to myself, almost savagely—fori began o to hate the woman who eat faxing zoo, with her fair Greek faco and curling lip'; hor blu black . hair and dark hlne eyes, melting in love one moment and blazing in auger the next. We had a lantern in tho boat, and b its dim light I caught sight of this woman's face, . and it was deadly in its palor and ex pression ; the poor old lady rooked hor body and moaned, while the girls sobbed. Yet th woman most concerned sat silent, with com nd prossed Hps and blanched cheek ; and 'twas ouly wheu the older woman made some pit ful exclamation, that she spoke—she fieroo turned upon them with 1 shut up your whi ing, it is my trouble, not yours.' We aroused the neighbors; and in a very short time half a dozen boats, and twice as many-.mon, w«re engaged in searching for our s- missing companions. All night long we rowed about, and landed; built fires, and coo- eed sand did all thatoould bo done to discover them; but the cold grey morning came without a reward, and wo returned to the farm miserably dejootod. Neither Mrs. nor the old lady had gone^to bod oil night, and it was pitiful to tjco.^heir grief-stricken faoos—though tho younger wosnan put on a bold front. Yet ehe clapped my hand convulsively whon I arjprooohed hor, and hoarsely whispered: you think thoy aro drowned 1' ? 4 Madam, how can I tell P I replied in r ^severest tones. About nine o'clock, as wo wero making ? me show of getting breakfast, in walks .Bichard, carrying a fine fish. He lookod haggard, and his foxy eyos wero blood shot whilo his boots and trousers were muddy. Questioned, , he said ho had been fishing,bu had mot with an aocidont, slipped from a roo and sprained his anklo so much so that he hod been lying out all night unable to move quite feasible; and as for his not joining ns in the excursion I oould qulto understand that. He seemed astonished when toldofthcdisappearance of O'Neill and Tom ; and onorgctically led the way tothe boats in order to make further search. Some e words spoken in a low tone, passed betwoen him ana Mrs. ———•; and I saw hor dart a look of inoilablo scorn at the man, while ho criueed before her. Wo wero just unmooring the boat, when wo saw a neighbour's boat pulling into the pier, and a man in the boat waving us bao Mrs.--- also saw tho boat and ran down t il the landing to meet it. And old sail covere something lying in tho bottom of tho boat; : one of the men lifted it, and there lay the lly body of poor Tom Steinworth—wet and sodden, and his faoe all bloody. Mrs.——did not screan; but olinohod hor hands and compressed her lips, while her fao bore a look of great anguish. Poor Tom: his forehead was smashedhow, wo conld not tell. We removed the body to the house; and Mrs.—— called Bichard, He came; and a more hang-dog look I never saw on a man. 'Bichard, ride to tho Ferry for the dootcr; and tell him and the polioe to oome hore.' , ' Never mind; here is Mr.—— (pointing to a neighbour) ho will go; I oairt sporo P you. We had all just sat down to a late tea when a loud halloa was heard at tho wharf Jon and I wore out in an instant, and y down to the water bare-headed, the • stable following. A boat was thero, and lying in it's bottom—just as Poor Tom had been—was tho m&nglod; body of Hubert O'Neill. I say mangled, for one arm was broken, one knee-cap smashed and there u huge gash along tho head through whioh s. bruins wore oozing. The man had found it at tho water's cage not fifty yards from .' where Tom's body was found, though it wa not thoro when they passed somo hours bofore, when retaqtfPtf with p^fp Toflft The whole thing w&e; incomprehtntlbfo", Ifearnod to toil »ibyou" wh»t T thoeght: 1 I denirc-d lo spura tho reputation toy twj dead friends, aud I hud no proof whatever to euggor-tanyUJogelse. Thewomau was kocfter for i»he kiievr more than 1 did •• aud uo dor« l»ir suspicious ^crc xvcll founded—whatever they wore. When Richard reilrod to rest, his room door was looked, and the poHocma e ut the key id hits pocket I sat by the S , cad all night—Mrs. coming in at intervals—while poor Joe, fairly worn orit, lay down upon a verandah soat and slept. Where I sat and watched was but a fow fe off tho room in which Riohard slept; yot it was out of my sight. Anyone could havo entered without my seeing him: onoe tho policeman looked into the onambcr of death and 1 heard him *top at the door of IJichar-V room—if listening. Next morning the man - did not appear at breakfast; his loom' door'had been unlocked early, but ho could e not havo left it without being soon, for the policeman was not tho only ono on tho watch. At nine o'clook ono of tho maids knocked at the door; at ten tho old lady, and an hour latter Mrs. ; and there being no.answer toher appeal, she bockoncd tomo and the poliocmsn. 1 Open tho door Fho said, with an air of proud authority. g Tho policoman opened the door; tho tnau was in bed—dead. There was no sign of a strugglo, nor mark nor bruise to bhow how ho died. Tho doctor said he had died ; ins sleep. Mrs. stood looking at the , corpBO for a minute, and then left tho bedside with a peculiar smiloupon or elastic features. It was a smile of satisfaction—a cruel, hard smile—aud I wondered how the woman , could smile at all.' Joo aud I have met many times plnoe tha terrible occurrenoo, and havo religiously o drunk tothe memories of our doar old chum and as, bitterly cursed thora who hurrioa tbom to their death, be they living or doad We havo discussed tho whole mattor so ofte and so oriiically, that wo ought to be able this timo to soe light, but I confess that tho wholo thing is as dark as oror. Noithor o us can hold Mrs. ——blameless; nor can w bolievo that aho was not identified in some way with tho horriblo apparition which really forewarned poor Tom of bis fate; and when wo speak of Richard's sudden exit, whilo tho bodies of our two friends lay yet unburied, we look into oach other's oyes an read d oach other*6 thoughts oorroctly. We do not know; but wo both havo the stronge t boliof that ono, at least, of our friends died b that man's hands, be belug at the timo ma with , jealousy. As for his strange; death, thoro can bo but ono opinion as to whoso hands caused it. It is wrong to misjudgo a r any time—but serious, indeea, in a case of a suspiciously sudden death, and where thoro was so much mystery as wo found pervading tho family at tho Willow Famu y The End. 