THE CHURCHES. j' i .WHITSUNDAY. 'ALL SAINTS', WOOLLAHRA. There were three sendees at All Saints', Woollohra, on Sunday:— Early clebratlon at 8 o'clock, midday celebration and sermon, and evensong at 7.30, the lat ter two services being full choral. The Canticles were cnantea in tne morning, ana tae auuieui v>ua "O Holy Ghost" (Macfarren). The "Veni Creator" was sung to the ancient plain song. At the even song, the Canticles were sung to the setting by Gar rett in E flat, and "Send out thy light" (Gounod) formed the anthem. Appropriate hymns were also sung throughout tho day. The National Anthem was played at the beginning of the morning ser vice, and was sung by the choir and congregation at the conclusion of evensong. Mr. W. Biggs, the church choirmaster and organist, directed the music. The Rev. R. K. Collison conducted tho different ser vices, and was the preacher. ST. MARY'S, WAVERLEY. At St. Mary's, Waverley ou Sunday, the choir rendered Merchant's service, and the antheni, "The Radiant Morn," Mr. Harry Nathan, the church or ganist, directing 'tho music. Hymns suitable to Whit Sunday were sung at the different services, and the National Anthem was played morning and even ing. The Rev. R.- M'Keown, the incumbent, conduc ted the services throughout the day. ST. GEORGE'S, GLENMOKE-ROAD. At St George's, Glenraoro-road, Paddlngton, there was morning prayer and sermon at 11 a.m., and mission service in the afternoon, and evening ser vice and sermon at 7.30 p.m., tho incumbent, tho Rev. H. M. Trickeit, conducting the different ser vices. There was also celebration of Holy Commu nion at the conclusion of tho evening sendee. The choir, under the direction of Mr, Mitchell, rendered appropriate music throughout uiQ nay, tne .na tional Anthem being sung by the choir and congre gation both morning and evening. ST. MATTHIAS'S, PADDINGTON. At St. Matthias's, Paddlngton, on Sunday, there was special music, in commemoration of the day, tho church organist, Mr. R. G. Moon, directing the choir. Mercer's "Te Deum" and "Bonedictus" were sung in the morning, and the offertory was Barnby's Nos. 6 and 7. Mercer's service was sung in the eve ning, and the anthem was "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire" (Attwood). Special hymns, including the National Anthem, were sung throughout the day. The incumbent, tho Rev. J. W. Gillett, B.A., was the preacher both morning and evening. ST. MATTHIAS'S, MANLY. Whitsunday services were held on Sunday in St. Mat thias's Church, Manly. The altar decorations were carried out by Mrs. Anslow. There was an early cele bration of Holy Eucharist, at 8 a.m., and a full choral celebration (Dykes in F) at tho midday service. Tho proper psalms in tho morning were set to Cooke and Crotch, and in the evening to Cooke. The hymns selected were appropriate both to the festival and tho Queen's Birthday, the National Anthem being sung In the evening. Both services were fully choral, the Rev. A. G. Stoddart, the vicar, conducting each. 