MB. GLASSEY! AND THE CENTKAL 1 MILLS. I The Courier devotes a leading article to the criticism of Mr. T. Glassey's address to the Bundaberg electors, in the course of which his condemnation of the Central Sugar Mill legislation of the Government is dealt with as follows : — *' He refers the electors of 'Bundaberg 'to the voting of £?uu,uyu, ostensibly lor tne erection ot co operative sugar-mills, but really to enable large sugar-land speculators, many of whom hold leading positions in Parliament and in the country, to get rid of their estates at a handsome profit.' This kind of Socialism, he says, ' benefits only those who live on their wits as land-sharks or interest-mongers.' Again: 'Every encouragement has been given to the wealthy planter, cheap money as well as cheap labour being allowed him.' The actual committals of the Government in regard to Central Mills do not reach a quarter of a million. The main question, however, is whether the assistance of the Sugar Guarantee Act is mostly given in the interests of small canegrowers or of large estate owners and wealthy planters. How many wealthy planters in the Bundaberg district have got hold of this cheap money? Are not wealthy planters who have mills of their own generally opposed, and sometimes bitterly to the Central Mill system ? Has not the system kept up or advanced the price ot cane in a season in wmcn sugar leu 26 per cent ? Is it not a fact that it is chiefly availed of by and, if success ful, will chiefly benefit the small planters ? Would any Labour can didate, say Mr. Glassey himself, have a ghost of a show in the Mackay district where the Central Mill system is in the most forward stage of develop ment? Would any candidate, escaped lunatics excepted, dare to denounce the Central Mill system in that district ? We suppose the Sugar Works Guarantee Act is part of that ' corrupt class legislation' which is referred to in the Labour mani festo. Now it happens that Mr. Glassey in his capacity as chairman of the Central Executive has endorsed the candidature of two Labour aspirants at Maryborough. The aspirants are out-and-outers, as witness this from their published address : ' The selfish conduct of our Government, individually and collectively, their open hostility to the most reasonable reforms, their utter con tempt for principles of any sort, their glar ing inconsistency, jobbery, and general cor ruption, have made Queensland politics and politicians stink in the nostrils of all civil ised communities.' There are a large num ber of civilised communities which know nothing of Queensland politics and politi cians, but in view of the colossal ignorance of the Labour candidates in Maryborough they may be pardoned. Suppose, however, we allow that Queensland politics and politicians stink in the nostrils of the two Labour candidates in Maryborough. Grant that in their opinion the Government is generally corrupt. Now take from Mr. Glassey the belief that the Central Mill system represents part of the Government corruption. It happens that several of these mills were or will bo built in Mary borough. A considerable share of Mary borough's prosperity is dependent on the Central Mill system. Maryborough will be substantially helped by the extension of the sugar industry. There, then, in their own town, is the chance of the two Labour can didates. Let them beseech the Mary borough ironworkers not to touch the un clean thing — not to take wages drawn from a jobbery and corruption fund — not to build or repair Central Mills. Yet there is not one line of that sort in their published address ! Surely Mr. Glassey from Bunda berg will pour his withering scorn on tho unfaithful Labour candidates in Mary borough ! Perhaps not, though ; for in his own address we find this grotesquely incon sistent passage : ' Similar assistance to that already given to the sugar-mills, such as I have advocated for the establishment of flour-mills, and to assist the farmers, could be extended to the mining industry !' After all the Labour leader is a sugar-mill man — only more so 1' 