THE MAN SHE FOUND. • When Violet Li 11 card nmiounced that sbe wu going in for literature there mere those among as who scoffed. Violet was so alarmingly pretty, one «o111• 1 never suspect Iirr of possessing brains. Sbe v, as one of those girls with alluring faces—the soil of beaiilc-<iu-di»blc •f which Ouida is alnays nutinc. cyrs < f most linboly blue and lips which ceiiid sunl™ a man's seal away. A fssritiMire ruinx nitli the most Krace'nl aud winuing maimers ; a being of Eicods, tender, repliant, kir.dly and lev by turns, abe had created haver i>»nl strewn devtela taon wherever her dsioty feci lied 'rod. • Suddenly (he wearioJ of (lie endless round or gtiety sod fashion to which Irotn her teens she had been accustomed and empzed her Boterie by declaring lur intention of ivrit ; na realistic novels. Ol cmitse eveiyene said il was fMnly a fad and would foou blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. S Her Erst novel attracted more than passing notice. She was cotnmcndod for licr original and audacious style, lier clover plot and a certain dainty fominirjc touch. M e was TrriUen about, interviewed ; her leauly anil tier talent were prsisad by the paiagraphera and all the details of her Iaxurinus lii'e were. brandished a'out the country. Fro bsing merely a typical society girl, a youn iroman of elegancc and j fvsbion, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out and stored at aud inved about. This spasmodic adulation pleaded Violet. Sbe liad always feasted ujion flattery but How s!ie revelled in it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but lcr miserable ambition. Local co!ourii.j camc to be an absolute mania with lcr. Sl.e was always prating of " atmosphere " and " ro.a!;sm. ' One can stand i: Vt of ii.f< mal nontciuc from a pretty woman, hut really i>oor Violet often grew actually tiiesomi; with her endless rhapsodies Bboul " the diwnity of realism " It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination r-f inpe.nnity and wickedness, a smirlish, brackish story yen wouldn't have liked your si<-ter to write, that the girl decided to go to the far W< st in search of " Iccal colour " for her next attempt. *' Ves," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she had assumed : iiice her success, " yes. I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter— who knows? Th«y tell mo (hose fellows arc di- bgl;tfully original aud as l*ret7y us the winds from the Rockies." She made lip ber mind she had not been misinformed when a mouth Inler, she met Jack Weatherby. We-ttherby was a child "of the plains. He had never been east of the Mississippi and had an infinite contcmpt for the land of I lie risiue fun. Ho bad burned lor a living ; he had been a cowboy and raised as mucli of a rumpus in mining camps :is the next fellow. Now he owned bis o»n iamb and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to think he would like a wile and borne. ' Ho was a handsome fellow, as fiery as the mustang he roJe and as tender hearted as a wonm:—some women. His ranch I:>y in tin; shadow of the Sangre de Ohrislo ran;;.-, next to thit. ef the Athertou's, win iv the New York gitl was stopping. lis acres strifched to tile shadowy foot bills and over tin-in toimed tbe sleek, well-fed rreatures of H!II< h he IV.ss to proud. It was tno days arter her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Atherton, tbe Iji^r muscular Englishman. who was his particular crony. and had eouie down the trail with his customary "Hark" and " Whoop." As though riding; the sightless couriers of the air,l:e dashed up to I ho little flower- garden, spurs and cliaius jingling, sombrero flapping, and letting out a yell which could have been heard in Denver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. A'hfrton, sat n stranger, a vision, an angel. The rs'onirhed ranchman blushed *nd stammered like a school hov as he bowed awkwardly and r-pologisnd for bis Apache-like descent. \\\ ho was this divinity in palest pink, this radiant creature with hair like gold »nd eyes like heaven's own blup " My friend, Miss Liugard fiom New York, 'Mrs Aiheiton said. Pshaw! Sbe was a cchMi:.l being straight from Paradise. 1 have always pitied Weatherby. Never for ©no moment could I Manic l.im. He was a primitive man with savrge instincts lurking in hi» breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward himself, how could he utcam of the treacherous cruel blows one little solt white hand was capable of dealing. Violet fuund this .sturdy, brawny ranchrro a delightful study, and decided that he should be the hero of her next novoi. His quaint wit and poetic fancies horn oi' the mesas of the mountain, bis forcible and often uugrainmatical ,sj<eech was faithfully n-.(ci ; his emotions were played upon, his heart WHS probed. Aud he never dreamed he was beinj; experimented on. He lovod this exijuisiic creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved his lite. He rovr tfl.l her and longed to shut her close to his L'v,, , hf'il, honest henit. 1 At last, fame the nicht when Violet carried her pasfinu for "atmosphere,"' aud "local colouring " to its cliimx. They had gone for their customiry even in,- stroll, and had climbed lip a lofty butt» to a broad ledge ef rocks. At their fc< t yawned tbe canon, tromendous.awful, black, save where the moonlight touched the opposite wuli with ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed tbe ran^e like the battlements of a phantom city. Through the pines in the canon the wind came sighins: in mournful cadence. ; While far, tar below sounded the faint rushing of water—the river tumbling ami foaming along over its rocky lied. " What a wiird place, " rrie l Violet with a preity liH'e shudJer, " ?nd what a ghost-iike night. Wl.y did we nevi r come up here before, Jack P What a scenn !" Weal 111 rl>y was lying at. h»-r frnt wh?re he had thrown himself to rest after their climb He tvrned his face, whits in fbe uiuuniight, toward her, ami fixing bis dnskv, unfatbom- »b!e tyes upjn her, said : " 1 kept Ihis place for this l.onr. I meant to • .ing you here when 1 got my cmiragr* to tbe pr.i-.t where I could say all that is in my heart. Many a tia:c down there.' pointing to tie ranch lying below, " I have looked up here and thought of the time I would bring you up to tell you how I lov« vou.'' For one instant Vio'et felt a queer little thiill. The simple dignity of his declaration almost inuvid tbe worldlv, cold-l.'!oo V.| girl. Then sbe Iheuglit ot ber local ei-Iouiiug. " W bat a situation for my novel,"'she said to herselt ; tin n aloud gently : " f>o you really loxe me, .'aek *"' " I.ovc you he echoed passionately, as he rose and sat duwn Iwsldii her, " Violet, look,"' taking her hand, my heart lies here in this dear little"b;md." Then throwing all referve to tbe winds, he seized her aud kissed her madly, ti mpcstuouslv. She struggled to free herself and at length fuccrcdc.I. " How dare you i 1 " she demanded, •• how dare — "Hew dare I?" he cried. " Why dearest, I love .v"'i—I love you, do you hear ? And yon, j on love me a little, do you not ?" He wat approaching her again, when she s»id contcmptuoiis'y : " No, not a bit. I have simply ben ttmlying you."' • H'i stcod as if turned to stone. " Studying me," he s»id, in a queer voice, " studying— why—why he savagely demanded, as he rPM- I- If r wrist an*' I" ld H »n iron grin. " You were so different," she falteied, a bit fiifbtcncd at his i>ud<len fciocity. " I waulec a l ew type for my book, you know. I supposf Tom loll ycu T write hoots '* j An absolute ly murderous lock swept orei VeathrrliyV face. " No," lit; snid, " uo one I 1110 T I W T - J™ W,IT '-- B E O K 4 ? ^ }<•« I wsnlrd to put me in it—was that it ? Answei me, answer me." 4 1 Yes,"' she murmured faintly. " And that was all ! You never loved me— never meant to marry me f " Why, no. how could I ? I am to tw married in the fall to a man in New York—" A snarl like tbnt of au infuriated beast inter rupled her. Livid with rage he sprang toward her. Once again be crushed her, shrinking and trembling, to his breast, then dragged her to thf very edge of the (anon, gaping like the bottomless pit to receive them. And as her agonised creams pierced the soft summer night, Weatherby, still holding ber againtt his outrated heart, stepped off. < \- - They fonnd them next day in the bottom of tbe canon. Violet's lovely face was past rccog* nition, but on Weatherby's lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would hare pleased the arch-fiend himbelf. 