Plain Girls “Do plain girls ever become pretty?’’ asks a correspondent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes a girl of ordin ary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking. How often the tall, bony, awk ward girl—the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family—develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman. The bony limbs have rounded them selves, plump soft flesh has filled up un sightly hollows, the squareness and an gularity are departed, and the budding woman is as delicately proportioned as Venus. Just so the plain girl of 17 may in - time become the attractive young lady of 24 ox* so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of expres sion often changes considerably as the gii*l grows oldei*, giving- to the features a beauty that was not traceable there before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Cai-e, wori-y, or illness play se rious havoc with a handsome face; and not these alone, for Natui-e, of her own record, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its tered so—MuAChe features are not al expression has a deal to uu— icvi. and beauty of countenance- In fact, a plain face owes much of its unatti'activeness to its lack of expi-ession—there are a heaviness and stolidity about it; where as a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a gi*ace ful airiness and ease that add greatly to its charm. For the plain gii-1 in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman she undei'goes a wonderful transformation. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the bettei’. How often one hears the remai-k among friends, meet ing after some few yeax*s of absence, “How you have altered; I really shouldn’t have known you.” Plain girls, therefore, are not always plain; and healthy exercise, happiness, and coxxtentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general attractive ‘Uixciiange. 