TRAINING NOTES. Morphettville, xne track was in splendid order at l>iorplictt>» villo, and a fine morning brought trainers out: early. George Anderson was the first to get going, and ho sent Floodbird for long steady exercise. Swithin finished up with a mile in 1 min. 57 sec., but Playmate was not extended. Keily's team, -including Thunder Queen, Miraclum, Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, Fleet Admiral, and Respond, were restricted to gentle exercise, while Pitchery finished up with a spurt over a couple of furlongs. Scutum and Security, had the assistance of Jack Tar for a four-furlong spurt, which they cut out in 58 see. -Foliage, Nomadic, and Supposition put in a couple of rounds, the last at half pace. The Golden King went strongly over a couple of rounds. Rosedale, with lioveridgo in the saddle, got over a mile in a taking manner, while Ensign, who is on the big side, did long work. Clytemnestra ran a milo in oven time, and Anglo-Saxon finished up with a smart six furlongs.^ Trentalto moved along for fivo furlongs. Nackara (Tothill) left a mile behind him in 1 min. 5G soc., and Diadem traversed fivo furlongs in 1 min. 10 soc. Thun derer was not extended. Smithcrcns (Foon), on the inside track, left thrco furlongs behind him in 48 sec. Fair Saxon (Rogers) got over a mile, in 1 inin. 55£ see. Danbydale, looking healthy and well, negotiated a round at haif-pace. Happy .Tack (Rogers)and Iluree (Foon) wore coupled for useful exer cise, while The Idler left five furlongs behind him in 1 min. 9J sac. Hill's team, including Lord Salisbury, Taliesin, Broken Hill, Dales man, Blodwcn, Morruaid, and Princess of Wales, were restricted to steady and half-paco exercise. Bluff went three rounds with neck sweaters on, and the Lady Lovelace filly was credited with useful work. Taradale did good steeplechase work. Tup; Or,i> Couksk. Sheppard was tlic first to start, and he sent Lord Granville, who is looking well, three rounds at a steady gait. Wahino (Sheppard) wound up with a round at three-quarter pace, while Confidence put in four miles, increasing the speed the last round. Dick Whittington and Firelock were coupled for a tlireo -furlong spurt. Darter was howling along for a couple of rounds, and Juliet was sent over the same distance steadily. Conscript, Carmelite, and Playboy covered their last six furlongs in I mill. 28 sec. Helena left five furlongs behind her in 1 min. 11 sec., and Gipsy Queen negotiated her last round in 1 min. f>!)£ see., while Do la Volt.a was half a. second quicker getting over tho same distance. Diant.hus and The Royalist wee coupled for a six-furlong spurt, which they traversed in 1 min. 2!)£ see. All Fours and A ngler, both of whom are orotlio improve, were companions for a couple of rounds, the last occupying 2 min. 4 see. Jack Sprat was credited with good work, getting over his last round in 1 min. sec. Gaillardiaand Radiant, the latter looking well, also put in ser viceable exercise, their last mile being left lxshind ;n 1 min. 52J sec. Saracen, a half brother to The Arab, was not idle, and Wood field did sound steeplechase work. Cigarette finished up with a three-furlong spurt, while Regent and Recoup left seven furlongs behind thorn in 1 min. 411 sec. Havolock went three times round at half and three parts pace. Opal and another spurted half a mile, and Homo Rule covered his last round in 2 min. 11 see. Strike only cantered, while Holly worked fteadily, and Kii8e got to the cud of seven tirlongs in 1 min. 30A sec. Kingfish and Consequence were not extended, but Trout got over three rounds at half and three - quarter pace. Rarunga worked steadily, and Longl>ow spurted six furlongs in 1 min. 26i sec. Kirkby finished up with a spurt over a couple of furlongs. Eaglehawk and Encounter concluded with a smart half mile, the watch registering 57 sees. Tho Ghost did long Btoady work, and First Master left seven furlongs behind him in 1 min, 41£ sees. Mompa rattled along over a mile and a quarter, negotiating the round in 2 min. 1 sec. Convontioner, Hamlet, and Sir George were bracketed over three rounds, covering their last round in 2 min. 1 sec., Hamlet finishing in front of Convontioner. Jackeroo did good serviceable work, while Orb trotted onco round, and Fund encompassed a circuit at three-quarter pace. 