POINTS. ' , J' __The writer of tho.new story, ".Tho Brokoa Fetter," has. few compeers in the art of eon- !«Wncting a stoiy ;' he obtained tho - ffi-st 'prize : of £150 for ono of his stories. : v.- r Mekbers of a chamber of mannfaolurers aro reported ' to have met to consider -"the prospects of tho future!' ' < ' They were unanimous in complaining that tho country still prefers good nnd cheap im- : - '.'' ported commodities. Mr, Reid has been warnod by a friendly '- .-'--j nowspaper to bear in mind tho oxumple of . -v- ileun, and not to mako a statutory declaration that anything said by lum is true- - 's 8tbing in that, if tlioro is any ' resemblance botwecn tho parties- f Mr. Polmok, soiiretavy to Attoriioy-Gonoral > '-- Want, 18 doing " Australia to collect in,-, .tp formation ro law reform. Go it., old man- ;'- It is assortod that shortly a man intends to bo bupjcti alive, and to romam buried for 2J days. , 1-Ie lias, liowover, airaiigod foi a proper supply of fresh air. . . wedditigr in tho Umtcd StatcW ' : tho "Wodding: March " was whistled by 13 girl friends of tho bride. . ' v- The nctrspuper correspondents who at- ' tondedthe Oznr's coronation had to supply tho Russian authorities with three eoparato photographs of tliemselves. , - Toi3Y-turvyloh in China puts tho singe at tlie lowest of tho professions, and in Japan it makes the builders begin- the- building of thoir houses from tho top. The Gaiety girls did not come to Brisbane last year, but " A Gaiety Girl" 'will appciir in all hor glory next weok. The latest idea us to the bast sign . pf . summer weather is " that delightful fooling which makes you Waut to Bit down and' watch other people work." The photographers had a big. field night yesterday. More powor lo their uameriis. .. Durino July last 43 persons " died from pneumonia- ia the .Brisbane district, being : nearly 00 por cont of the whole of tho deaths. .There were 10,856,959 sheep in Queens- - land in 1895, us against 19, 5S7, 091 in the previous yets. At Bat-liurst, on Monday, a Ocputrmo urged upon tlio Minister for Mines tho desir- / ability of establishing there a metallurgical . -hibomtorjr and tho necessary work in connco- ' tion with it. That oity lnts a gaol, and a model farm already. Tho front gate of that gaol cost ; ' £15,000. How inuoh money is wanted for the labora tory? It all coincs of liuviug a Minister living next door. Fossibi.t about 10,000 sovereigns will be sold as having boon recovered from tlio wreck of tho Catterthnn. To this day they will, at yoar request, dig up for you a pair of Wolluigtoii boots ou. tlio field of Waterloo.- Believino tlmt tho sugar industry of tho nortbern part of his country in in danger, Mr. M'Furlano movca. in tho Macqnarie street Assembly that HOmothing bo done to save it.. The danger hoe been caused . by Mr. Reid'e tariff reform. Put on the tariff again. The Bland Holt dramatic season; whiph lias been a thorongb success all through, closes to-night, when "For England" will be repeated. - - ' " Inosnuity and novolty. nro oliaraoteristios of tho now story, by J, IC.' Leys, which will cominunco iu tbu Telegraph to-morrow. ,, Hon. .John -Louolasi soys that "Yoho-. liama " continues to be a soiiroe of disgust to tlie respeotablo European and Japnnoso: resi dents of Thursday Isliind. Poon Tom Tyrrell, who was ohiof assistant ' to Professor Pepper when he brought his celebrated " ghost " to Queensland, is said to be dying. . Tn's new regulations relating to - 'the ap pointment, classification, &o.t; of tlio railway - staff were published .in a supplement to the ."Government Gazette " issued yesterday. .- TnE offcct of last night's, stroug. westerly wind was apparent iu.tlie river .this morning, . the water' being 'at low' water in'ark"'befbre ' ; " the normal hour. GoVEKNXSNT-BAOTEr.ipLOOISr .PoUND-haS a, photograph of tlio first' bullbok 'dipped; iu - Queensland, in the act of. entering. its in voluntary bath. He also has a photograph of the nnimal leaving the dip, lint tho bullock loft, so hurriedly that tho shutter of tho camera was not quick enough to.seoiirc a clear negative. . The labour party are serenely happy now tiiat.tlio Auditor- General's report is out. TnF. number of brands allotted and registered in Queensland during 1895 was 981, and the total registered up to December 31, 1804, was 30, S14. The untimely return of the "westerlies" meets with general disapproval. Tiut Belgian consulship is strolling up and ilowii Queen street. Will anyono accept it V It is a real gift ; nothing iu it. , ' 'Thero' aro some pictures ut'Aldonhoven'a gallery which ought to be in tlio Queensland Art Gallery. ' What is that which hath no I, hut which is found in- overy I? Dust. . . ' TnitEEof tlio crack aycliats at present visit ing Brisbano tested tho consistency qf tho Exhibition track yosterday by personal , con tact. Tho liriuuimous verdict is that it is liurd. The howling blizzard out of ..doors last night was surely tlio last despairing cry of ii dying winter. .The idea is poetical — , ' In a moaning sad intoning, liko some stricken mother crooning, . Oft with sbrioks her loss bemoaning, hor lost . power for miscliiof owning, Quoth tho west wind " Navormoro." The author of tho uhove offusiou was . ravin', owing .to tlio big loads of dust which spilt into both eyes. , In tho near future thero will probably enter into tho Queensland sugar question a littlo item which iius keen rather overlooked. In othor parts of the world sugar boot growing has mado rapid and important development. Bert sugar in tho European markots is not a. little bit that could bo stewed away in a hollow, tooth. It is an item that cane sugar dealers liavo to respectfully consider. ' ' Over the boivfor in Now South Wales and ; in tho south gonorall the sugar beot industry is boing pushed ahead. - The latest atop is the importation by - the Now South Wales Department of Agriculture of a ton and a hulf ot sugar beet aeea.for dis tribution, and tho samploincludea somo of the very finest variotics obtainable in -Europoo Mr. Drake, of Enoggcra, succoeded - in - ' getting his littlo amendment to tlie Customs Bill through tho committee last night. , . " Garfield Tea " will now probably figure in the free list. . But what is Garfield Tea f ; : Mr. Drake oxntainod for tho boneHt ot .' ' hon. mombors, ana offered thein samples. ' ' V . He said it was something very nice juid soothing.' It was good for babies — and mem bers of Parliament. i Sailino men are making great preparations - for tho Queensland Yaolit Olub season which - opons on Saturday, weok. ; > . The- Children's Hospital fund nhould ' liavo a good lift through tho efforts put forth this week. 1 ' v ; It is singular that tho two suddon' deaths - ' recorded yesterday sliould'-liavo rosulted from - similar causes. ' . " Cerebral hetnorrhiige was found to bo the cause of Mrs. Grant's deuth. . Tho bursting ' of a bloodvessel oil the bralii tlmt of tho ltev. John MaoNeil's. The Telegraph's now story, "The Broken - Fetter,. '.' commencing to-morrow,- opens - ' with tho frustration of a murderous plot by a ' dootor. . . . . , , 