Shrouded in Mystery OR, Winch Girl Did He Marry; By Skfpp Borlase, Atjthob of ' Fob Tbue Love's Bake.' 'TBBEE LOVELY W0H*J*,' ' Dabkeb Than Death,' ' As Oceak Becbet,' ' Recalled to Life.' ' Richs6 to F.tnN,' 'Who Killed Johk Cauebok T ' ' The Police Minibtrb,' Etc. CHAPTER LXXX1.— (Continued.) VlIE CUPIDITY THAT SUCCEEDED DEBPA1B— UBS BADCLIFFE'fi 1'IBAIKESS. 'ldontwant you to be too sanguine of ?access, that's all, John. But 1 still believe in my ideas, yes, firmly ; and no time must be lost in tbe endeavor to reducc (hem to certainties, for remember the really avuul situation that Halcatnus Greenwood more than hinted to Rose that her Bi6tcr was in. 1 won't repeat his words, for you must re member them as well as 1 do. To save Ruth itt-m death or madness not a moment then moat be lost. Folks mar not have bucu a superstitious horror of the old house now -that they know other human beings have entered into it, and even abided in it in the night-time, and yet Buffered nothing from the ghosts that are said to crowd it, and if so, you would be able to get volunteers, even et this hour, to accompany you thither and to search it all over. There is said to be a bottomless pit there. Of course that i£ all nonsense, but it may be a very deep one, and it may lead to Ruth's prison, or cIbc be her prison. You should therefore take ropes frith you.' 11 Oh dear, I could sever go down a bottom less hole at the end of a rope, at my time of life 1 the woman must be mad,' groaned old John. ' If you can't others can.' ' And they'd get the thousand guineas if they found her at the bottom of the bottom less hole.' ' John, 1 was never so disgusted w ith your jaean. sordid selfishness in all my life before. 1 declare that I'll put on my bonnet and shawl and run up to the vicarage, and ask Parson Dick to bestir himself in my poor child's behalf, since her own father doesn't aeem to care to act in the matter. If 1 do, I'm sure that Parson Dick will never regard yon as a fellow mac, far Icbs a fellow Chiis tian.' ' Shut up, woman. I'll go up to Parson Sick myBelf, A bettter adviser under such ? circumstances there couldn't be, and it he'll only go with us he'll be a power of strength in himself, for there are few folks in Koch dale who would fear to face the devil in his company. Stay, though, Parson Dick would claim the entire thousand if he had a finger in the pie— claim it Vk Jth tears in his eves, for his distressed parishioners, and then, like A fraudulent debtor, would pay 'em only a penny in the pound. No, I'll be hanged if I'll have anything to do with Parson Dick.' 11 Vou or I will have a great deal to do with him, John, and that immediately.' ' Eh, what I Do you dare to dispute ay authority ? Have J, or have 1 not, been accustomed to coerce you into a very proper obedience, Mrs B?' roared old John, fishing cp his hunting crop out of the corner, and giving a tremendous crack with the thong. ' You used to do it in times when I feared Ton, but all that was before 1 knew you— like 1 do now. Put down that whip then, And go at once to the vicarage ; that is to Bay, 'r'iAaa you wish to be shamed and dis graced by my going in your stead.' ' Oh, if you take that view ol the ease of course there's nothing more to be said/1 rejoined Mr Radcliffe in tones as though he'd suddenly filled his mouth with a huge help ing of humble pie. ' I'll be off at once, dear. But hadn't 1 better, before 1 go, juBt take a candle opstairs, and stuff all those gold guineas into the mattress again. I can't ifrtnir of leaving so much gold lying about, especially in such unprecedented quantity, iny dear/' ' You ceiled it dross jast now, and so it is compared to my darling's life or reason. No, off you start to the vicarage at once, John. If vou like I will, just to case your mind, Jock the door of that room directly you are gone, and keep tbe key in my pocket until your return.' ' Oh do, oh do, yes, that will be a good plan— a good plan. But, alas, the window is open also.' ' I will secure that &b; well, notwithstand ing what's in the room, if you will only start for the vicarage at once. For heaven's sake have the heart and the thoughts of a father instead of a miser for a while. Oh, I wish that I was a man.' 'I'm sure I should have no objection, my dear. Well, I'm off,' and haBtilv donning his 'hat npd overcoat old John at last started off for the vicarage in downright earnest. Clambering up the wooded hillside from the garden, past and over the very epot where the unfortunate Greenwood had Iain and emoted for go many hours while meditating on the scheme that had turned out so disastrously for himself, old John, puffing and blowing with tbe unwonted exertions, at last gained its summit, and a minute or two later wac knocking with all hi* might at the vicarage door, CHAPTER LXXXII. 6EABCIIIKO THENDNNEBY—TUE 'BOTTOM- LESS PIT ' — ALABJ1 AND FIGHT. The Reverend Dick Bcllos was, to use a modern slang but forcible expression, ' all there' when old John Radcliffe broke in upon him jaet as he was having bis final pipe and glass of grog before going to bed, for anything in the shape of a bunt was cxactly to the parson's taste ; and though he would doubtless have preferred the prospect of unearthing a fox. 69 being an animal calcu lated in every way 10 afford better sport than a girl, yet to him poor Pport was better than no sport, aud he had a kind heart in addition, and so was ever ready to a good turn to his fellow-creatures. The result was that be woke up his man servant, and sent him off to rouse the sexton and clerk, observing naively the while ' it was as troll to have all the searchers con nected with tbe church in some way or other, since ghosts would naturally have a greater respect for them than for other folks, and for the sexton, perhaps, especially, as being a kind of connecting link between this world and the next.' Having thus expressed himself he bade Old John be silent, and began diligently to atudy the 'Order' for the laying of evil spirit*, ghosts, and spectres, which fully occupied him until the volunteers, or rather the pressed men, had all arrived — the clerk with a big IMble under his arm and a scrap of palm (saved trom last Palm Sunday) in his waistcoat pocket, while the sexton shouldered a spade, perhaps as being more in his line, or perchance under the impression that when the parson had laid Che spirits they'd have to be buried, just as though ; they were bodies. i As for the servant-man, he had tucked bis I matter's heavy ebony boob-Jack under his arm, which looked to be a very fitting instru ment to manufacture a ghoBt out of a living . nan with, but scarcely adapted for the ] changing of an actual ghost into anything either better or woree. Old John, who believed in so kind of spirits whatever, ejeept rum, gin, hollands and brandy, would have pooh-poohed all these preliminaries but for fear of giving the parson offence ; yet he nevertheless insisted that plenty of candies and a good length of rope should be taken with them in addition. Well, the party presently set fortb, and in the coarse of a quarter of an hour reached Ghost Lane, the parson observing as they passed tbe Town Citoeb, which be had planted -with so much ceremony the preceding night, that perhaps it had not been there long enough to exert much influence in thoBe , looms of the haunted mansion whose vrindows faced another direction, : iTbey had called at the pinner'6 in passing : for t£e loan of the keys, but Jim Nuttall, upon learning, or rather obtaining an ink ling of, wi;&t; was up, had insisted upon beiog one of the exploring party, for which he had very good reasons, as the reader will ? learn anon. Upon being admitted by tbe pinner into the old house, the party, strong in numbers, *nd with their courage also strong owing to j the presence of the redoubtable person who I had worsted even the devil is single combat, j lighted their candles aud commenced a j thorongh search of tbe premises from cellar j to attic, but found nothing save another candle— a common dip— which three mice -were busy supping on, though those diminc tire rodent# beat a pecipitate retreat on beiog -^iicorerod* The sccrot cliamber, with the reputed— and by moBt folks firmly believed in — bottomless pit yawning like a Drobdignagian rat hole on one side of it, was at last entered, and shudderingly surveyed. PerhapB the searchers have put off visiting that special room to the last in the hope that they might not have to enter it at all. At length, however, it bad become a positive certainty that if the missing girl was in the old house she must be at tho bottom of that yawning gulf, which, bearing in mind the character that the illre puted mansion had for so long borne, looked as though it led down to hell itse'f. To tcBt its deptn the rope was let down, but although 'twas of great length no bottom seemed to have been reached when it was en tirely paid out. The sexton waB next instructed to get a loose brick out of the fireplace of the adjoin ing apartment with his spade and drop it down the abyss, in the hope of obtaining some idea of its depth from the number of reverberations that it made in its dcsccnt, etc. When it was thrown in, it and the echoes that it awakened made a most frightful and unearthly noise between them, but the sounds seemed to be cftcscd br a hopping rather than a falling mass, and Jim Nuttall, the pinner, thereupon rsclalmcd ; 'It seems to po to a slope instead of sheer j down like a well or a mine shaft, for the brick has come to a gradual stop. Give mc | a double turn of rope around my waist, and 1 tail on aU of you at the other end of it, , and 1*11 be lowered down with a lighted ! candle in my hand, Should 1 yell out, haul mc up as quickly as you can, for the pit may be full of foul air, don't you see, and that'll rob a man of hiB breath and his life in next to no time. Hut as long &9 my caodlc'H burn that'll be all right.' The sturdy volunteer was lowered down into the hole and almost at once lost to sight. That fact alone showed that it was not quite perpendicular, or else bis candle wonld have continued visible. Everyone listened, however, with bated breath to hear his voice come up out of the gulf, and what it said, and everyone felt relieved when it presently did come up, though it only shouted up in gasping and apparently choking tones, ?? Haul up I haul up I' The listeners tailed on to the rope with a will then, aud presently had the bold ad venturer out of the pit and on tbe floor, looking very pale, trembling all over, and struggling bard as though to get back his breath. It had been observed, even when palling htm up, that his candle had unmistakably gone out, and the murmur now went round of ' Foul air !' Directly J im Nuttall was able to answer qnestions they were put to him thick and fast, especially by the now almost maddened father, but the pith of hi6 replies was to the cffect that the air down the hole wasn't such as any human being could breathe and livel that it did not seem to him as though he had been lowered a quarter of tbe way to the bottom, and there were sharp jagged outward .jutting rocks that would cut any rope in two that was let down much farther, and that there was a red glow, like fire, coming, as it appeared to him, from miles lower down ; after which astounding statements he hazarded the suggestion that the awful chasm might have been made, or atal levents deepened, by the earthquake which fifteen years previously had given Rochdale such a shaking, and that perhaps it led down into the heart of some volcano thai the town was built atop of, or even into hell itself, and if the latter, 'twas little wonder that devils, gobliD6, and ghosts had been accustomed to come from thence up the hole and take a peep at the world out of the haunted aanaery windows, The reader, knowing all about the sub terranean, will, of course, be thoroughly aware that Jim Nuttall was spinning a perfect tissue of tbe most audacious false hoods, but his listeners never suspected any thing of the kind, for the age was such a superstitious one that even a much more ridiculous rigmarole of nonsense would have been credited, more especially when told amid such dismal surroundings. And yet, come to think, was that age a much more benighted one than the present, when, not a month ago, the author of this talc beard the statement gravely made, and by many as gravely credited, at an evening party of educated intelligent people, that both Mies Braddon and Wilkie CollinB wrote their novels under spirit gaidaucc, and he was assured that if he would come of a night to the house of a certain most ' grave and reverend seignior,' who was one of the company assembled) and held a regular bi weekly seatwe, the disembodied spirit of either Dickens or Bulwer Lytton would very probably help him on to affluence aud fame!* which assertion was neither chal lenged nor laughed at, and vraa just as palpably believed. The cffect of Jim Nuttall's disclosures was that poor old Mr Radcliffe, affected doubtless also by the previous excitements of that most eventful evening, went suddenly to all appearance raving mad, saw devils moping, grinning, and dancing around him of every conceivable shape and color, and commenced to scream out that they were trying to drag him into and down the hole, the simple fact being that delirium treiran#, or, as it is more commonly and far more forcibly called, the horrors, had seized upon him for its prey. The old man's Bcrcams and shriekB of horror and terror came, however, as on appropriate climax to Jim Nuttall's astounding yarn, and provoked a general stampede out of the haunted nunnery, even Parson Dick, the re doubted wrestler with and victor over Satan, and the layer of evil spirits as well, proving in this moment of severe trial to be just as big a coward as any of the others. Hope, candle, flint, and steel, and indeed nearly everything else that they had brought were left behind, aud when the last man had apparently issued forth from the gloomy old pile, the lock was heard to scroop as it was turned in the outer door by an unseen hand, and then a peal of chuckling, msglig* nant, and Satanic laughter came forth through the big key-hole. cauBing the rear most of the retreating party to hurry for ward and quickly become its van. No one observed that Jim Nuttall was no longer with them, and had they done so they would one and all have doubtless come to the conclusion that Old Nick had got him beyond all possibility of rescue, and that it would be the wisest and safeot plan (as far at all events as thev were concerned) to let him be. So Ghost Lane was hurried through, and tbe town as quickly as possible gained, and finally Mr Radcliffe waB conveyed, raving as ho went, back to the old bouBe in the wood, by Parson Dick and hie man servant, wbi'e the palish clerk and the grave-digger, after trying in vain to discover an open public bouse; ceparatcd, and each made off in the direction or bis home, wondering as he went what tbe woild could possibly be coming to. As for Mrs Radcliffe, she was almost as shockcd by tbe condition in which her hus band was brought home to her a & she jfbs by the tale to which she had to listen concerning the probable fate of her daughter ; but this was in the main because she did not believe that tale, owing to her instinct rather than her reason telling her that it was not true j but then Instinct or rather intuitive percep tion, is a very strong characteristic of a woman's nature, and often Btrikes at the truth quicker than does even the wisdom of the eage, At last Parson Bellos in turn had to hear all about the burglary that hail been per petrated by Hafcamus Greenwood, with an account of its disastrous result, much of which was to him a twice-told tale ; but the worthy divine declared that armed burglars 1 coulds fc expect and didn t deserve any better fate, and that she needn't be at all afraid of her husband getting into any trouble over the matter because the law of it was on his side., while as for the rest, that was to say his present condition, he and his man would sit up with h;m during the remainder of the night, and by the merging he would doubt less be much better, a prophecy which turned out a true one. CHAPTER LXXXUI. BHOWQ WHAT NUTTALL DID WREN LEFT TO HIM6ELI', AND ALSO WHAT WAB DOKE TO NCTTALL. No eooner had Jim Nuttall done his part to tbe frightening of the band of explorers out of the nunnery and locked the door behind them than he muttered chuckling to himBclf : ' There are far too many fingers in that pie, and if the thousand poinds reward is to be got, I may just as well win the sum tottle, as tbe schoolmasters call it, all to my own cheek. Besides,, 'tis the barrownitc who makes the bid and not old Radcliffe, who's * Should this tale greatly improve in its olosing chapters the reader may coaolude the mvitatlen oh bees accepted, as poor as a church mouse, and downright mcau into the bargain.' Having given vent to this sage soliloquy Jim returned once more to the chamber, which was now no longer secret, lighted a candle, stuck it into a chink in tbe floor, made faBt with great care aud circumspec tion one end of the rope, and next took up (he caudic again and sccurcd it firmly io the band of his hat, after which, trusting himself for a second time, and evidently without the slightest miBgiving, to the rope, he went down the reputed bottomless pit, and in a few minutes alighted upon a very substantial bottom without exhibiting the least surprise thereat. He waB rather bewildered at beholding a long flat board lying on the ground at the opening out of an apparently long, narrow, and low- roofed subterranean passage, bnt he didn't trouble liis head very much aB to how it had got there, and transferring the candle from his hat to his hand he followed the dismal passage until he inadvertently kicked his foot against a skull thai (as hi-. would have termed it) ' gave him a turn,' instead of which 'twas his foot, in point of fact, which gave that to the skull. An empty head wasn't, however, going to turn him back from the chance.' of winning a thousand pounds, so he went on until (looking carefully on both sides o£ him as he proceeded) he at last beheld on hiB right hand a door, whereupon he came to a full stop, scratchcd his head to make np ideas, and then ejaculated : ' l!y gum, if the last* is shut up down here at all I'd wager a twenty score sow against a sucking pig that she's on t'other side of that.' Having come to this conclusion, be ham mered away at the black, mildew-coated, fongUB-Ppotted door with both fiBta (that is to say, after he had tried in vain to open it first with one and then with both hands'), calling out lustily the while : 'Is anyone locked up inside there— more espccial a female — I mean a lady — because if bo I'm a friend 7' Hardly had the last word quitted his mouth when he heard a faint response of ; ' Yes, I am a prisoner here. Who are you ? Not HalcamuB, I know, for Tour voice is strange to me.' ' No, 1 aren't no Halcamns. I'm Jim Nuttall. T' other chap, if he's also called Greenwood, is 1 'spect dead. Tbe old un let out summat to that cffect in his ravings, though to be sure there's not much depend* ing on anything that a man Bays when he's got the jumps and the horrors.' He bellowed this through the keyhole, and theb applied his oar to it in order to catch aU the clearer the anxiously awaited response, which came in 'the shape of : ' Oh, I'm buried alive in here— among the dead— among the for long dead, and if any thing has happened to HalcamnB Greenwood there's no one else in the whole world who knowB who 1 am, or where I am, and so I shall be left here to die — aye, to die raving mad — for madness will come even before starvation. 1 feci it. I know it. I am sure of it.' ' Begging your pardon, my dear, but you're sure of nothing of the sort, because, having found yon out, I mean to get you out. As, however, 1 can't do it with my bare fists, you'll have to wait jost a wee bit until I can go and return with something tbaVU do the job when well wielded by 'em— a black smith's sledge hammer for instance. 1 sup pose. ma'am, that, there's no earthly doubt about yoar being Lady Howarth ?' '1 am, indeed, that most unfortunate being,' was tbe faint reply, accompanied by a sound as of sobbing. ' Then, by George, madam, on the con trary 1 am that most fortunate individual Jim Nuttall, who advises you, my lady, not to think ot what is unfortunate, but of what's pleasant, and, if you happen to be precious hungry, to console yoorself with the thought of what a stunning breakfast you'll be able to make as soon as ever I've set you free ; for I'll do it in very good time for breakfast, that I promise you for certain Bure. And now I'm off at once to get what's wanted, either to open the door, or else to smash it in, for it's foolish for me to be talking when 1 ought to be doing.' He waited for a reply, nevertheless, which came in the wailed out words—' May heaven aid and prosper you,' to which he retorted ' Amen to that, and good-bye for perhaps a coaplt* ef hours,' and then set off as fast as' his legs would carry him ; but, unwittingly, in an opposite direction to the one that he bad come from, the result of which error was that he was abruptly and almost immedi ately brought to a stop owing to the sub terranean extending no further. Astonished at this he looked around him, and at once perceived the mistake that he had made ; but the next instant happening to look up as well, he discerned the outline of an ill-fitting trap-door about twelve or thirteen inches above hie head, he being a man of at least six feet in stature. Sticking his candle in his hat band once more, Jim Nuttall, with the upraised palms of both his hand managed to half lift aud half slide tbe trap-door on one side, and then, being the possessor of immense mus cular strength, he lifted himself up through the orifice, and immediately found himself in a kind of vatilt or dungeon, having an earthen floor, out of which foul rank weeds sprang in places, while numberless stones as well as shattered masonry lay Btrewn aronnd in all directions. Bnt much of tbiB was revealed by a great deal clearer and whiter light than that of his candle, and, it causing him to look upwards again, he perceived that the moon was streaming dewn upon him through an orifice in the roof of the seeming dungeon and that orific? could easily be reached by merely ascending some dozen weed grown, time worn steps, in some places almost crumbled away. He was soon at the top of them, never theless, and then emerging through the hole he found himself within the grey square Saxon keep tower of the Old Castle, and became aware that he had come up through what folks generally oalled the viper's hole. Well, there he was within five minutes' run of the Pinford and his own house, where he could procure all that was required for Lady Howarth's rescue, and be back again ' in a brace of shakes,' as he expressed it to himaclf. Running down the hill side, therefore, he clambered over the fence at the bottom, but had hardly alighted on his feet when he waa knocked off them by a vigorous blow across tbe shins with a hal'bert, and when a similar weapon had pretty nearly stunned him with a smart rap across the sconce, he was asked by the wielder thereof, ' if he was aware that all trespassers upon Castle Hill were henceforth to be persecuted according to the laws ?' and as he didn't reply to this perti nent question, for the very good reason that they had placc-d it temporarily out of his power so to do, the two watchmen gave him a few more raps 11 to teach him manners,' as they put it, and then handcuffed him and marcbcd him along between them down Manchester Lane, along the river bank, across tbe bridge and the butts, continuing to give him a knock over the bead every time that he seemed to be getting sensible enough to be dangerous — a quieting and soothing pro* cess which they kept up until they at last safely lodged him in the little stone cage or luck-up house called Limbo, situated just off Smith-street, which the reader will re- 1 member as the building to which the body of the poor girl who was found drowned iu tbe i river, and who more than half Rochdale had ! at the time believed to bt- Ruth Greenwood, and the victim of her own father's ungovern able raj?e, had been borne in order for the coroner's inquest to be holden on her un recognisable remains. Jim Nuttall soon recovered his senses when oDce loft alone in this stone jug, as it was often called, and with far better reason than similar placcs elsewhere could have shown for the designation, for it was just such a sized jug as a full grown giant of the olden time might have been supposed capable of lifting np with one hand and draining at a gulp. Be soon recovered his senses, we say, and in doing so lost both his temper and bis patience. Se was just conscious of all that had hap pened to him, and that was all; and he knew also that he might lose a thousand pounds through being detaieed there, and that a& unfortunate and lovely woman might lose ber life owing to it as well. Harassed by these reflections he yelled and Toared, and cursed and swore, and kicked at the door with his hob- nailed boots with all his might and main. But the door had been constructed so as to withstand any amount of kicking, and such forcible and voluble objections to incarcera tion had been heard so often in that neigh- i borhood before that they excited no attcn- ' tion whatever, wherefore Limbo was des tined to bold him tight until the hour arrived for him to be arraigned before the magistrates on the morrow. [10 EE COXTIOTXD NEST WEDNESDAY] 