MS. 1TREGASKISS. i k Hovel of Australia!! Life. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Outlaw and Lawmaker," "An Australian Heroine," "Tho Bond of Wedlook," "Nadine," "Molooh," "Polioy and Passion," "The Head Station," &o.;, &o.; I" ALL QUEENSLAND bieilts BESSBVED. j CHAPTER XX. — (Continued.) " In the beginning it was the fascination of repulsion, for him anyhow, I fanoy . And then the poles changed. For me ho was something positive, compelling. He forced life upon me in its hidoousness, its reality, its magnificent power — lifo in the big thrilling Bcnse, not in that of my drawing-room drama. He made me long to experience tho grip of strong feel ing; an intoxication whioh freed ono from one's self, You know — no, you onn't know or guess ' what my marriage was to me — the awful deadncss of it. Sometimes I feel that Clare Tregaskiss knows and understands ; but she is strong, she can hide what sho Buffers under that strange, quiet smilo ; and I long to tell her, to talk to her of it, und I dare not. Oh, how ono ugonised for a breath of something pungent. I tried to get it in — well, you kaowthesortof flirtatious a London woman falls into— and tho laud of men — I tried everything to give mo sonsations— oven to reading horrid Frenoh novels ; and then I went on a pilgrimage to Lourdesformy soul's healing. John Ironside was tho person to appeal to mo in that mood. There wasn't the least thonght at first of making him love me. Tho East end mania was genuino. Thon thoro camo a dreadful moment when thnt ox- oitemont palled, and I saw another oxoite- mont straight 111 front of mo — ono I'd never hud before. I saw thut tlio granite was uoftening — that ho was beginning to care for mo. I thought I should like to know what it felt like to bo loved by suoh a man. I wanted — this is nil I have got to pat forward iu extenuation hero— I wanted to he made to euro for him — to bo strung up to somo beroio ondcavour, oven to ronunoiation, I know that was what lovo must mean — for mo. I was never a wicked woman — iu that scuso." "You need not toll mo that," ho inter rupted hoarsely. " Well, I told myself that a real affection — real interest — would be my salvation. I wanted to beliero in his aims, and to help him in tbom, to do some work, and anyhow dovoto some of my superfluous cash to the relief of tboBo wretched starving croatures — you remember that striko winter. But when I saw that he was fighting against ray influ ence, steeling himself and keeping away from me, the dovit took mc in possession, and I wanted to win the battlo. I determined that I would conquer, and that bo should own himself beaten. That was just boforo wa took Folmarshcs. Blanohard bowed his head. "Woll — you know — I heard you preach. I saw your faco, so worn and so ' lifted ' — I don't know how to express it. Yon've loBt that look a good deal. It moved me — it was a Savonarola look. I got that sort of feeling about you — that you would be the person to go to in trouble. And then you camo and dined with us— we had u lot of people, do you remember — tho racing sot? I was so ashamed of them. Aud wo went to tho manor. And then tliero was the fever in tho village, and you seemed to want to fling away your lifo in looking after tlio poor people. Do you remember that autumn ? " " Don't let lis speak of it," he ropliod with omotion, " I remember it all too well. I re member your wondorful courage during that fever time — your gonerosity and devotion, and how you seemed to bo trying to show me that under the frivolous mask and amidst all the luxury and thoughtless selfishness of life in that palace on the hill, there was tho stuff of which ideals iiro made. I was wrong in saying that it was entirely Ironside who influenced mo at that orisis in my life. Yon .influenced me greatly too. Your words and ways and tho trust you placed in me, unde served as it wus, forced me to be true to the highest standard Iknew — that of sincerity." "And you preached that sermon— that wondorfnl sermon whioh was iiko a bomb in thepeaoefnl household. And you gave up everything and wero banished from your in heritance and went to work among the dockers m London. I have kept all the letters you wrote me then— all that I ever hud from you." Ho was visibly raovod. "I used to think," she wont on in a ohild- likeway, "that you were to me something of what Daniel Deronda was to Gwendolen." " Oh, do not say that," he cried. " It is true. I Icanod on you in the Bamo way." ' "I was not in the very least like Daniel Dorondu." "No," she laughed, "you always Baid tho conventional thing about him— that he was a woman's hero, and uot flesh und blood. Per haps that is trae, but it did nut alter Gwen dolen's feeling. If Daniel had had reason to bolieve Gwendolen insincere iu hor professions towards him, and utterly unworthy in every way, no doubt he would have acted like a man's man, and he would hnvo run away in anger and disgust, and left her to her fate, even if there had been no Myra in the ease." " There was no Myra in tuo case," said the young man in a stifled voice. "No, there woe only John Ironsido. And when you found out that your Gwendolen liud said the same things to John Ironside — almost as if yon had appealed to him to teach her — quite diffcrontly, but then you would not liavo known thut; yon would liavo thought it all juet tho same — all part of tlio play — whon you found that she had worked for him among tho London poor, us I did for you among tho poor at Fcl- marshes, und all tho timo as a roason for getting into tonoh witli you, only as tlio lnro of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill of a dramatic situation. ' Frightfully thrilling,' you know, as Hilda Wange would say. But I forgot, you loft England boforo Ibson bo- came the fashion. Oh, woll, it was no wondor that you thought. . . ." " That you wero preparing tho same fate for mo." ' ' With all tho Rnine art and the same guile. Oh, yos, you might have said to yourself that ono fine day when tlio play begins to got wearisome this double-facod wretoli will throw off hor mask, and I skull seo her as she is in bor abominable sotflshucss, and callous greed of power — just as ho saw hor ut the lost. You might very woll have expected to find that she had only been amusing hersolf, play ing a sort of game of ohoss with your sauotities whioh she hnd talked so finely afaont, just to make you boliove her a simple, innocent creature ; and then, whon sho had oheokmatod you and tbo buttle held no more interest, sweoping them off tho board and bidding you go about your business and leave her to find a now amusement. Oh, how you would despise hor ! How you would hate her i " .... " No, novor that," he interrupted. "And how you would glory in hurting her— as it was in your power nlono to hurt hor— with silent oontompt. Whon she hod humiliated horsolf — thrown herself at your foot—" Gladys's voice was ohokod. She throw hor arms over the baok of the seat, and buried her fac6 in them ; he could see that she shook with inward sobs. "Not to hurt hor," he said, deeply troubled. " But to savo myself 1 " "You did not givo me credit for any human feeling," she went on presontly, lifting her head, hut not looking at him. "Did you think me such an unnatural monster that I could bear to luiow myeolf tho cuuse of a mau killing himself, ana not dio almost myself with shame and horror and romorso? You don't know howl suffered. Oh, vou don't know how I suffered." % " I can boliovo it— now." "If you had answerod my lottor— if you hnd come to see mo jnst onco again, I would lmvo told yon." 8he spoke .very low, and hor words toll brokenly. " It was you who opemid my eyes — at Felmarshos — you made ine want to be good — to strive after the highest — affcob'on. It wasn't that kind of fooling he had for ijae. Ho lot himself go mad, I think. One idea possessed him. He- was the sort of strong man who, when ho 'gives way, does so utterly — allows him self to be absorbed, overwhelmed by one desire. And 'when, he oan't gratify it— don't yon understand ? How conld I foroseo thnt ho would want — that he would have had me give up everything for him altogether. Ho would not boliovo that I had never oarod for liim in that way. No, never, never for one instant. Thon I got reckless too, and I told him just how it had been, and my badness, and how I had purposely at the end led him on. And then, bow knowing you had made me realise ... I said I would do all I could to blot tbe remembrance of him bnt of my life. Then he said — things about you., Ho — it drovo bim wild. He said ho would kill yon — or himself — and the next I heard was that ho was dead. . . And I tried to make you know — and you would not——" "Ah," Blanohard oried. " I understand. There was something thnt was olwoys a mystery — something between him and me— tho night ho shot himself. I know now." Gladys got up and stood beforo him. " I have told you. And I have nothing moro to say. I came all tho way to soy this — all tho way to Australia. Try not — not to think so hardly." Her words seemed to melt into a sob. She turned Bwiftly, and was somo paces from him before he spoke. "Gladys," he called, hut she would not turn baok, and he saw her white form vanish ing like a ghost behind the orange tree. CHAPTER XXI. The Fibe. Tregaskiss was sleeping tho heavy sleep of the inebriate. He had finished up the oven- ing without the restraining influence of ladies' sooiety iu the hooholor's quarters, had como late to his room aud had thrown himself only half undressed on tho bed outsido tho coverlid besido his sleeping wife. The long journey in the heat and physical fatigue had made Clare drowsy. When Bhe awoke towards the small hours it was to the sound of the baby's wail, and to thnt of her hus band's stertorous and fume-laden breathing. She had been dreaming a most pootio and tender dream, in which sho and Gouestc wero wandering together by tho banks of a brood bluo lake, which sho imagined to bo Lake Enngola, with heavenly moonlight streaming down upon tho waters, and a gentle wind ruffling its surface into tiny waves which threw back opaline rays from their crests of foam. It was somo moments before she could. convince horsolf whioh was dream and which rcahty. Sho drew tho baby to lier sido, hushed and fed it from tho bottle placed in roadiness, and presently it wont to sleep again. The night was very worm ; sho wasurowsy still, but tlie.inort form bosido her brought nightmare thoughts. Her observations of tho evening evoked suggestions of possible free dom at which sho recoiled and which merci fully wore only suggestions, nevor taking tho form oE definite desire. How conld sho wieh for that which while both livod was only to bo gaiuod through wrong doing. The ghastly doubt pre sented itself. . . Was it in truth sin to obey Nature's ordinanco whether in the highor or lowor scale of being— the ordi nance that bado tho hirdB of the air choose their mates, and till the offspring wore fledged at leant ho faithful to them. Their on'fqnmg. i-iero lav tuo numau responsi bility. Clare touched tbo little soft sleeping thing beside her, und wondered at the curious impersonul sort of feeling Bhe hud for it, and wondered, too, if sho would have felt differently had it been tho ehild of the mun she loved. She got np and put on her dressing-gown and slippors aud then lay down on tho Kofu beforo the open window, gazing oat into the velvoty gloom. Tho sky was vory dark. Cloads — thoso inoffoctual storm clouds — had obscured the stars, and the darkness seemed full of curious noises, rustlings, stealthy orccpings, insect murmtirings, distant cries of anrlows und native dogs, sounds that only intensified tho loneliness of tho summer night. Thoso same thoughts which had visited Glare as she had loin awake at Codar Hill wait ing for hor husband's coming came to her now. In hor mind's oyo she seemed again to see written in everything Nature's law of dual oneness ; and in horrid mockery of tho eternal pattern, modern man's ltvw of marriago, the copy und the antithesis of-ib.' Why should it be a necessity of evolu tion the antagonism between nature ard man. What was tho good of revolation and theology and the so-called highor progress, if it only brought about this fundamoutul discord, up setting the whole order and halunce of the sociul universe, which had need bnt be in hurmony with nature for the worst kind of pain to be done away witli. What wus tho moaning, what the purpose of -so much useless suffering ? Did tho generality of people suffer in tho same manner, or wus it that there woro certain temperaments originally planned in harmony with the groat cosmio chords, to whom dissonance was sheer spiritual agony ? Cluro Tregaskiss's poor tormonted soul, torn witli lovo aud longing and tho upbraid- ingH of consoionco, groped helplessly in a maze of those mysteries whioh from the time thut tho Sphinx propounded her question liuvo boon left unsolved. Had she realised that tho capacity to feel such pain, suscepti bility tosuch discord aro the first dawnings on tho soul of a higher existence, it is doubtful whether slio would have been greatly consoled. For the doctrino that to lovo most is to suffor keenest, and that to suffer most keanly is to bo liberated soonest from tho thrall of fleshly affections, docs uot ap pear to tho poor Iranian in his first stage of regeneration. The thrall is doar ; tho throb of passion swoot, and love the divine has its feet 011 earth though its head be in hoaven. The confliot between sonl and sense lias ever f arnished forth the battle ground in whioh saints havo been worsted and heroes ovorcomc, and the oup of renun ciation, offered though it bo by ministering angols, has ever been the moat unwelcome to the thirsty heart. Glare did not know how long Bhe stayed on tho sofa ; she must have fallen asleep, or if not, fancied that she had done so while her eyes dropped, for whon she looked out again tho night showed a feeblo glow — a glimmer touohing tho near trees that made her think it must be oloso on sunriso. The glow deepened more quiokly and lesa steadily than that of daybreak ; tlio shiny leaves of tho orange trees ueemed to quivor in it, and the tail feattiers of the bamboos to stand out illuminated as in a transformation scene. Then Olare became alive to a curious faint roaring us of wind rushing ufgr. Gould it bo a eyolone slio heard a long way off ? But tliero was not that strange brooding and the feeling as of a world's breath drawn inward which heralds such a storm. But vet sho fanoiod it had grown hotter, and she fancied, too, that eho smelt smoko like that of twigs burning. Suddenly there wiis a startled clang, tho big boll of tho workings crashing through tho stillness of night. Then came shouts at first indistinat from distance, then ouught up nearer, and now soanding oloser in the garden and verandas. "Tire! Firo! Tho house is on firo !" Mrs, Tregaskiss darted from the sofa to the open French window, and looked out. White figures were already rushing from the house ; a tongue of flame leaped tlirougli the oasement of a room at the .end of the wing just boyond bor own ; shu could hear tlio uraokling and sputtering of tho woodwork. There wero frautic calls coming from different directions, Mr. Cusaok in pyjamas ran down tho veranda oalling wildly for ' ' Mon ! Whore are the men ? Homebody go nnd call up the mon !" Presently camo the tramp of the BpooialB and of tho gentlemen who slept at the huohclore' quarters, the houso being given up to the Ousaok family and their married ana ladv visitors. Olare ran back to her room and soized the baby from its oot. Trogaskiss slept on. Sho shook and oullod to him. " Keith, get up ! Keith, the houso is on firo;" but to no purpose. Then as she was seizing a heavy jug of hath water to pour it upon him a hand interposed, and Oeneste's voico said collentodly — " I will gethim up. Don't be frightened. You'vo got baby. Just collect some.cf yonr things ; tho firo has started close here. Thore'B no danger at all, but I want to get you quietly to tlio garden. Whero is Nmgf" "Ningl" CInre bad almost forgotten tho child, who had beon put with Gladys in a room in the main body of tho bouse. She ran along the veranda, tho infant in hor arms, meeting as she went white clad figures with terrified fnw& too intent uaou them Helves' to take' any notioe of her. - Mrs. Cnsook, keeping her solf- potaession, was direeting tbe removal of furniture, and with hor. own hands draggod out heavy oabinets and ohesto of drawers. Helen very psle, young GUlespie helping her, passed in and1 ont with bundles of books, pictures, and clothes. Mias Lawford, shriek ing hysterically, rnshed hither and thither, till Mrs. Gasack sternly bade her not make a fool of herself, but give a hand in the work. Mr. Cusaok, like mast cowards, losing his head, roared contradictory orders to the band of men engaged in handing : up buokots of water, and in playing tho hose laid from tho lagoon, to wbioh the Brinda Plains garden owed its beauty. Clare gavo qtriok glaucoB at each group and person, hut thoro was no Gladys, no sign of Nrag. Her heart began to grow Biok for the child. Jnst then a shower of sparks rose from the baok roof of the main braiding, showing that the fire must have broken out in two places. " Oh, Mr;. Trogaskiss, it's awful," ejacu lated the mistress, scarcely pausing in her labour. " Those dreadfnl unionists. Ning! she's with- Mrs. Hilditch— the spare room at tho nnd." Glare's speed quickoned at the information. Tho fire was gaining at the very spot Mrs. Cusaok with a hurried jerk of her head in dicated. Clare turned an agonised face as idle ran. " Thoy are nowhere about. They must be in there. Oh, won't someone como and help me?" she oried. Stops responded at her oall. Blanohard, who had beon in the string of specials with buokcts, broke away at sight of Mrs. Onsack's gesture. He looked very white and de termined, and all tho time that he had been passing buckets his eyes were watching for Gladys, and he could not have waited a moment longer without assuring himself that sho was in safety. He suatohed up an opossum rag. "I know the room," he said, "I'm coming," "Sho always looks her door," Olare panted. "Gladys. . . . You must break it in. Oh, make haste. It's Ning .... My Ning." "Put the baby down," cried Blanohard, pressing forward, " you may want your hands. But don't come in unless I oall. They're safe, Mrs. Tregaskiss ; tho "firo hasn't got there yot. Gladys will be safe." "Ho said tho lost words defiantly, as though he took to himself in that momont tho rilit in all thut concerned Gladys, and wishod to announce it to tho whole world. Novortheloss, smoke was coming out of tho orevicos of tho Frenoh window, olosed tightly. Gladys had a foolish terror of the wido, open doors and windows of tho bush. Sho was not afraid of burglars or blaek- follows, but of snakes, and so sho always shut ovorything that gave on the ground. Blanohard dashed himself against the window ; thoro wus a shivering of glass, a shattering oi wood work ; and a little figure in a white nightgown, holding a black doll to its breast, durtod out of the smoke and clutched at Glare's skirt. "Oh, mummy, mine plenty frightened. Mine think it debil-debil come along a big fire. Mine call out plenty loud. Ba'al any good. Gladys altogether asleep." Ciaro gathered tho small areaturo to her bosom. "Oh, Ning, my Ning " ! Bhe oried, half sobbing. The mother inslinet roused to a fierceness wliioh she could hardly have holievcd possible vindicated nature in having inudo hor woman. Sho felt an agony of tenderness and of remorse for the black thoughts which had haunted her morbid hours. Tho emotion so filled her, that with Ning in her arms, she forgot for an instant that Gludys was in danger. Only for an instont. She put the ohild away, bidding hor take care of baby over thoro on tlio grass, und loaped into the stifling smoke, only to be confronted by Blanohard bearing Gladys's inanimate form'from wbioh tho opossum rug trailed. " Go baok," ho Baid. " It's all right, but the onrtoins were catching. She is not burned, bnt she must have air and water, please, from somowhere." to be continued. 