THE NOWRA HILL MYSTERY. The Story of Emma Bourne's Disappearance. CORONER'S INQUEST AT THE COURT HOUSE. The Nowra court-house was filled to repletion on Monday and yesterday on the occasion of the Coroner’s inquest touching the circumstances surrounding the finding of human remains at Nowra Hill. Mr. Z. G. Bice (Coroner) presided on the Bench, and the following jury was em- panelled to hear the evidence:—T. R. Peak, George Sinclair, Wm. H. Benney, D. M'Nulty, James Armstrong, B. M'Ternan, A. Prott, J. S. Fraser, W. Linkenbagh, John Holland, John Lang, Herbert William Burroughes. Every available seat on the Bench was occupied, and in the body of the Court females as well as males had assembled to view the proceedings. The Coroner told the jury that they were brought together under unusual circumstances. In ordinary inquests there was a body before the jury, but here there were only the remains of some person so far unknown. After hearing the evidence the jury would have to say, if pos- sible, to whom those bones previously belonged. If they could not decide that point, the question of the identity of the deceased, then all the evi- dence that would be adduced would go for no- thing ; but if they found that the remains were those of a female named Emma Bourne, as sup- posed, then it would be for the jury to say how she came by her death. Mr. H. L. Whittell (instructed by the police) conducted the examination on behalf of the Coroner, and Mr. W. P. Blackmore announced that he appeared to assist in conducting the enquiry on behalf of the legal guardian of the late Emma Bourne, Mrs. Newton. Harry Bourne said he was a farmer, and re- sided at Nowra Hill in January, 1866. He was living then with his stepmother, Mrs. Newton. His brother, Joshua, and his sister, Emma Bourne, were also living there. Mr. Newton was alive at that time. Witness, his brother, and Newton were then carriers to the goldfields at Araluen. His sister always remained at home. He remembered her well. She was a stout girl, a fair height, and wore at the time something like a wincey dress, and a hood. Could not remember the colour of the clothing. In January, 1866, he had occasion to go Ara- luen. He went with his brother. Mr. Newton remained at home. All of them, including his sister, had breakfast together the morning he left. He was away a little over a fortnight. When he returned home his sister was not there. He had never seen her since. Certain enquiries had been made about his sister's disappearance since then. They as boys were always led to believe that she had gone away from home. Mr. Blackmore objected to this line of exami- nation. This was hardly evidence. The Coroner said this was an enquiry, and greater latitude was allowed than in the Police Court. He would point out that the fewer ar- guments from solicitors the better. Examination continued : His sister had a mark on her left eye. It was a reddish mark, and as she was getting older the skin appeared to be getting loose. Mrs. Newton took her to the doctor once to get it cut out, but he did not know whether anything was done. The mark wasn't very large. She was between 15 and 16 years of age, so far as he could judge. He was not certain, because the family Bible had been lost in the '60 flood. Some bones had recently been found at Nowra Hill. He knew the locality—it was a creek. The creek was not so much cut out then. There was very little water there in '66. At this particular place it was always “wettish.” The road and bridge in the vicinity had been altered considerably since. The point where the skull was found was eight or ten yards from the old bridge. There was a couple of old blacks camped there at the time— a married couple. The old woman got on a spree subsequently, and she died near Mr. Monaghan's property at Greenhills. The old man believed a black named Soldier Dan had something to do with his wife's death, and he followed him to Jervis Bay and murdered him. The old man subsequently got into trouble and died in gaol. No blacks had been living at Nowra Hill since, nor had any been buried there about the '60 flood. Asked if he could give any further evidence, Witness said that before he started on the journey to Araluen or after, Mrs. Newton met him and said if the girl had not followed them to Braidwood she must have gone to Boolong, where she previously went to school. Mr. Sinclair : Did you ever hear that the bridge there was haunted ?— No. Mr. Sinclair : Did you ever have any suspicion of foul play ? — Not until some time after. Mr. Sinclair : Did anyone ever tell you they had suspicion of foul play ? No, not at that time. To the Foreman : Mr. and Mrs. Newton treated me fairly well ; they did not illtreat me. To Mr. Sinclair : Both of the Newtons were quick tempered. By Mr. Sinclair : Newton was supposed to be at home when we left for Araluen. He never mentioned my sister’s absence to me for a good many years after. By a Juror : My sister was not in the habit of going away from home ; she went and stopped one night at a neighbour's. Newton was sup- posed to have come with us on this trip ; but he didn’t come, and we used to wonder why. Joshua Bourne, at present residing at the Richmond, said in 1866 he lived at Nowra Hill with Mr. and Mrs. Newton. (Witness corrobo- rated his brother’s statement as to the journey to Araluen, the costume usually worn by his sister, and the mark above the left eyebrow.) The Newtons made him and his brother believe that the girl had ran away. This was when they returned from Braidwood. Witness went to Nowra Hill first in 1859. The girl had ran away one night, and returned the next day. She stopped at Hampstead's. The place where the remains were found was 300 yards from where the girl lived, and was all bush at the time. 1866 was a dry year. The creek was almost dry. The Foreman : You said your sister ran away once ?—Yes. Was it ever suggested she ran away to get married ?—No. Mr. Blackmore : Can you recollect a time when your sister had not this mark ?— No. Witness continued : The creeks were liable to flood at the time ; it was a dry year. Do not remember whether heavy rain came on. We were three weeks at Araluen. Remembered a neighbour named Mrs. Rendall. Never remem- bered Mrs. Rendall bringing her back of an evening. The Coronor : Did Mr. or Mrs. Newton give you any reasons why your sister had gone ?— They said she had run away. To a Juror : She said she had very likely gone to Boolong. Mrs. Newton's sister (Mrs. Nicholson) was then at Boolong. The Coroner : Did you make any enquiries as to whether she had gone there ?—No. A Juror : Was an advertisement made through the press for your sister ?—Yes, by me, in the “Kiama Independent.” How long was that after ?—About 13 weeks. The Foreman : Was any reason assigned why she should run away ?—No. What did you think yourself—did you think there was any cruelty ? —No. Did any of them illtreat her ?—Newton didn't, but Mrs. Newton used to get a little out of tem- per sometimes. Mr. Whittell : Have you, since you have been on the Richmond ever communicated with the late Mr. Newton. Yes, I wrote to him on his deathbed, saying if he knew anything about my sister to let me know and I would never divulge the secret. Mr. Whiitell : What did he reply ?—I received no reply from him. Did you receive any reply with reference to it from any other person ?—I received a reply from Bella Nicholson. What was thnt reply ? Mr. Blackmore : Bella Nicholson is alive, and she can say what the reply was. I object to this witness giving it. The Coronor : Have you the letter ?—No, it was burnt. The Coronor : Well, the next best evidence is the witness’s recollection of what was in the letter. Mr. Blackmore said the Court should not take as evidence hearsay or rumour. The Coroner : This is neither hearsay nor rumour. Mr. Whittell : What was in the letter ? —A month or so after Newton’s death Bella Nichol- son wrote to me telling me that Newton had re- ceived my letter all right, and he left an answer written to me which was not to be posted to me till after his death, and auntie (Mrs. Newton) had got the letter and destroyed it. Miss Nicholson said that Mrs. Newton said the con- tents were of no interest to me, and that was why she destroyed it. To the Foreman : I had suspicious of foul play. I suspected she was put away or done away with in some mysterious manner. A Juror : Do you know that somebody wrote to Mr. Newton challenging him with foul play? —Yes. Who was it ?—Mrs. Norman ; she showed me the letter. A Juror : Do you know whether Mr Newton would benefit by using foul play to the girl ?— No. Mr. Whittell : What did Mrs. Norman say ? —I said something to the effect that wasn't she afraid to send such a letter ? She replied that he knows better than to interfere with it. A Juror : Did this statement lead you to the suspicion of foul play ? Yes, it did. A Juror : Where was Mrs. Norman when your sister disappeared ?—At Nowra Hill. Were they close neighbours ?—They lived about a mile and a half away. Mrs Norman and Mrs. Newton were great friends ?—They appeared to be. (Laughter.) To Mr. Blackmore : Between the time the girl disappeared and the time I wrote the letter to Newton the girl's name was never mentioned on the place. I never wrote to Mrs Newton on the subject after getting the reply from Miss Nicholson. I had suspicions of foul play before I saw Mrs. Norman's letter. A Juror : While at the Richmond River did you ever hear anyone say, “Go and dance on your sister's grave ?”—No. To the Corner : My sister never complained of illtreatment. I have been on the Richmond River 17 years. I have been down here once since. To Mr. Whittell : When I came down I never mentioned the subject to Miss. Nicholson. Inga Newton, wife of the late Thos. Newtown, said she resided at Nowra Hill in '66 with her husband. Joshua, Henry, and Emma Bourne, and two little children (Bella Nicholson and Martha Newtown), lived with them. The Bourne's were carrying the corn to Braidwood at the time and her husband was assisting them. He used generally to accompany them. Do you remember Emma Bourne ?—Yes, well. She disappeared from your place ?—Yes. Do you know the date ?—No. Do you know the year ?—No. Do you know the day ?—No. How old was Martha when the girl disap- peared ?—About 4 years. Did you ever see an advertisement about the girl ?—No, but I know it was in the paper. Was it read out to you ?—I don't remember ? Perhaps I can refresh your memory ? Is this the advertisement :— CAUTION AND PUBLIC NOTICE. Emma Bourne, who is about fourteen years of age, having left home on the third instant, without just cause or provoca- tion, the public are hereby cautioned against harbouring her, as any person found so doing will be prosecuted as the law directs. Description : She is of stout build, of middle height, fair complexion. When she left home she had on a brown cotton dress and sun bonnet ; no shoes or stockings. Any information concerning her whereabouts will be thank- fully received by directing to Mrs THOS. NEWTON, Nowra Hill, or the police of Shoalhaven. Nowra, January 22nd, 1866. Yes, l dictated that advertisement to the late Mr. Brown. The date is the 3rd January, 1886.—Well, that will be right Do you remember this girl going away ?— Yes What time was it ? - In the morning. Who was home at the time ?—Only myself and the two children. Do you know where the two Bournes and your husband were ?—The two boys went to Pyree What became of your husband ?—He went away and returned. When he returned home had the girl gone ?— Yes. What time was it when he returned ?—Be- tween 8 and 10. Was that a fair description of the dress, which appears in the advertisement ?—I suppose it was, I don’t remember much about it now. Was the sun bonnet white ?—Yes, I think so. No pattern on it of any kind ?—No. You are not prepared to say whether any pat- tern was on it or not ?—No. Was not a lilac pattern in vogue in 1866 ?— Yes, I think so. Was there a little spotted flower on it ?— Yes. Did she wear shoes or stockings on this morn- ing ?—I could not say. What were her duties ?—Just to go about the house and work. Did you keep any cows at this time ?—Yes. And you had a kitchen garden?- Yes. And some corn growing there ?—Yes. It was all fenced off ?—Yes. Did tho cattlo get into tho corn on this day ?— DM you spoak to tho girl about it ?-I wont to moat tho girl, and sho saii tho cowa had boon in the corn. I said it waa hor fault. I wont Waii thoro nnybody olso thoro ?? -No, nobody. Wbon you got down woro tho cows still in tho paddock ?-No, sho had turned them out. I fixed up lho rails. Do you know Jno. Gnrdinor ?'-Yos, thoy woro noxt door neighbours. to put lho oaltlo out ?-No. Woro you not angry with tho girl thon ?-No, You told hor it was hor fault?- -Yes, that was all I said. You did not spoak aharnly to hor '-No. Wb'o'ii y- u returned to the houso waa tho 'irl thoro ?~No, I nskod tho children whore sho was nnd thoy said sho had put on hor bonnot and gono out. to tho corn until your roturn ?— About half an Whdt did you'do thon?-- Within nn hour I wont ovor to tho black's cumj) and nskod if tho1 hud seen her. Thoy replied that sbo had gono towards tho bill. Tho blacks indicated by point Tho Court ndjournod for lunch, nnd upon re suming Mr. Wbittoll : You said you mado oniuirio-j at the bl.ick's, campr-that was qii hour aftor you mined' tho girl ?-Yo*. What did you do then ?— I did nothing till night. II ml your husband returned when you mado tho niHjuiry at tho camp ?— No. Your husband camo homo whon you retumot to tho house ?— Yes.' ? . Did you ask whoro ho was ?— Yos, at dinner tilnn. T tnld htm thnn fnp thn (ir,ii limn. What did you do thon ?— I don't lomorabor oxaotly what pas3ed nt tho timo. Whnt was tho first thing you did?— I wont to a neighbour's houso (Mr Eon-'all's) whoro I thought sho was to-wards evening. I did not find her Ihoro. I did nothing moro thut uigbt. What was your husband dning that after noon ?— Ho wont down to Mr. Gardiner's houso. Nothing furthoi was dono that day. Hub it occurred to vou to rocolloct tho dav of th-i\rwkitwas?-Ko. Wbou was anything dono by vou in referonco to thn loss of tho girl?— I can't rocolloct wb«t Whon did your'hiubnud loavo homo aftor thia ?-Tho following day ho wont down somo whoro in tho direction of X^yroo. I waa under tlio;itnpro^Hion he wont with tho Uourtios to Brnidwobd-b.it ho did not go. Cmld vou Bav whon vou firaf: nnv \rr«. TsTnr man aftor tho girl wont away ?— No, I could not Had tho girl boen in tho habit of coin™ awav ? -Yra.-sho was in tholubit of doing it. How ofton? -Sho was away oil ono night nt Mt4. Ilutnpston'a which wns two tnitusuway, \\[rs. Normnn.usod to go toyourpliico?— Yos. ;ahout the girl going axay f1 — I eupposo bo. \- Don't mind what yo\i suppose. Did you havo a convolution?— Nothing further tbau to tell her how it happened. - . woro nngry with tho girlnbout tho girl letting tho cows go' into tho corn ?— Novor said such a thing, aa 1 waa not angry with tho girl whon she purled with mo. . Did you otor toll hor you struck her with a slinrail ?--Oh, no, L novor said so That is a falsohood;. -.???.-?. I siinnosu you woro always expecting her to come back '-..Yes, we woro under 'that impres Sho had nn boots or shoo? on?— I could not aay. ' '_'...'. _''!., How many pairs of boots did aho havo?--I ' Dili you evorgivoo pair of hor boots away to anybody P-I don't romombnr that. . Coutil you-havo dono so without-remembering Did you givo Mra.Winnti a p,«r ?-[ don't Do vou rotnetnber saying to any pbrson, ' pool Emma. ia dead !'— I could not have said Novor miiul what you could not havo said. Did you aay,8O.?'No, I was not under that im Did you not say it to Mrs. Norman on moro than ono occasion p — No. I coald not havo said so, bocaU9o'T did hot ..know it. .: Did you ever send up 'to M's. Norman and say you wanted to soo hor ?- -No, I did not want What became of tho girl's boots ?-I don't ; Did you search -her room?— Yea, she took ..nothing but what waa on her. ' Everything bo 1 longing to hor was there. Try and focolloot whothor you'' found' a pair of hot- boots P-I eau'6 recollect it. ' Did'you dyer have more thau olio conversation with'Mra. Normon about tho matter ?--Sho was always questioning tne about it. V ?- Do you romomber telling Mra Norman not to lotNowton know that you had told her any thing or given her anything? -No,- it ia a hlae hood.r : r'* .' , : ': ' ; ? .- : . ?- . ? J.supposo aWit ia' not correct that; NowtQwn during his lifotimo had ono or inoro altercatiou with you for what you had said about tho mat tor ?— No. Do you ro ma tabor Mr. Northuu ' over search ing about tlio crook r'— No. (. . ; ? . ; Ho novor . made ? a a^uroh auvwlioro ubout thero?— No. 'Did you over toll Norman it. is no uao search ?' ing thoro, as sho did not go that way ?— No; I could not havo said so, bocauso sho went tho other way, ns deseribe.l by the blacks. You didn't toll Norman it was no uso anarch ing about tho.croek ?-That is a falsehood. : . You loosed the proportyouoo to a man named Honry?--Yos , You know tho oreek ?-Yos. Tho bridgo that wus thoro thon is not tho one that is thoro now ? — No. Did you tell Houry not to burn off somo lo'B 9 -No, I did not; ...... -...,;? - Didn't you toll Henry you didn't want him to burn off sqtnologs us thero was a black nonian buried tliorb whom you rbspocfod ?— No, that is a falsehood, j ^. ,-. . . .... Do you remember some'bush iiros P— Yea. You stoppedoul one night ovor them. Whioh part of the plapo did yon'confino your attention to?— Tho bridgo whioh adjoined our placo. The niou woro alt iwny at tho timo. ; ..Woro thore any 'legs oloso! by P^-Yos. ' ' : -Did you'try and put out somo logs ?— I was trying to put;out everything. ? - - ; ? logs lo to 20 yards to the wostorn sido?-I don't think I did-tuoro was no occasion. I ' What tind of a inark Was it ?-tt was swollon, and bad a bluish colour. _. ... You saw a doctor about it?-'Yos ; ho said it might injure her sight if she moidled with it. Witnoss continued : Whon my husband diod I wob- living at Parma. .' Hi diod in Ootobur addtatod to drfnT anrTtolkod0 vlty 'roolj- whon in liquor, ..I was in tho houno whou ho dioi- .. Do 3'ou ovor romombor hi in golting a lottor from Mr. Joshua Bourno P--I don't romombor. A lottor in which ho asked Mr. Nowtou to-givo him any information' hb had about tho girl unn ho would keep it a »oor»t P— If that was tin mm I don't know anything about it. ; Was Holla Nicholson liviug with you at tbo timo?--No, but Bho oame to soo him during his , Didn't Bollo Nicholson do all your corro - Waa Bella Nicholson thero on tho day of tho death or fuueral.-No. How old would eho bo tbon ?-Could not say. Sho was a big girl thon. Did you ovor tell h«r that a lottor had boon rocoivod by Mr. Nowton from Bourno ?-No, Didn't you toll hor thnt the lottor wa3 of no interest to Bourno ?— No. Didn't your lato husband loavo a letter for Mr. Bourno ?-Novor. ' Who was in tho houso whon bo diod?— Mra. NicholsoUf'my sister. Witnoss continued; A uinn namod Charles Cmnos did not sit up with him, so fur as L can roinotnbor. I did not Gnd any lot tors loft of nny Mr. Whittoll hare preducod an old pieco of dross and asked tho witness if it was anything liko what sho described that morning as ' brown lilao ?'_ Tho wituoss roplioil that sho thouaht tho pntlnrn. ? Mr. Wbittell said ho would put tho piece of Witnoss continued : My husband saw Dr. I novor received any lottera about tho loss of the tho roaring. Novor boat bor unmercifully. Had occasion at tiinos to koop hor in check. Wit noss's own temper might bo hasty. Was novor nearly drunk. Witness continued : I havo Ustod drink in ul timo. Nowton did not drink more aftor the girl's disappoaranco than boforo Do not ro mombor Nowtou saying to Mrs. Norman,1' Ah, promiso on oath that you would not ilivulgb it.' ; By tho- Jury: Novor had any suspicion she mado away with horsolf. Sho may have bo.in oltondod at my saying sho lot tho cows into the Novor hoarlTof an'y'bbic'bB bringSbuTb)d°horp!' Novor heard anybody say tho bridgo was haunteil. Novor saw anything thero. I might bare board it} but I did not pay any attontion to~sucli things, as I don't holiovo in ghosts. Braidwood I told'them tho giilwan away. plain Cannot writo much. Ilnd nobody as . sistiug hor in looking over her husband's papers', ToMr.'Clackmnro: Tho girl was two ye^rs old wbou X took charyo of her. Tho polico tn-tdo tho timo. Novor saw Sirs. Nnrinm'i drunk! To Mr. Whittoll : Nover 'tulil old Mrs. Jamio ? miiiu, aud hnd a husbnnd nnd f 1U11I3*. Novor told hor (bat I had a lottor frnm hor In that (ilVect. A travelling ion-oiler t-.ld me onco thnt ho saw such and such a girl in Svdney, and that she had told him that sho had Iwo brothers nt Nowra ECill. but sho had novor urmtionoil tho uamo 'Nowton.' I so1-, my girl Martha ..to writo to my niocos in Sydnoy n'lout it. and thov nil uirod from tho polico. without any result. Hotnombor Sorgonut Crawloy coming up to bo-) i'ho Coronor: Bo careful, Mu. Nowton' With! Ro-oxnmination continued: Tun l?orgoant said a skull had boon found in the .crook. I don tromoinbor tho onswor I giivotho Sorgediit. Bo asked mo if I had hoard it, nnd I said 'no.' I asked him what Henry Dourne ktU and tho Sergeant said Mr. li njriio was sure it was tho skull of Emma Bnitrno. I thon told tho Sergeant just what I had s.iid in the Court to-day about tho girl's disappnar-incn. Did not toll the Sergeant Emma wont to Hal mum, and that a cirt who know hor 111 Shial Mr. Whittoll : You deny it ?-Y(!s,; I do. Crawloy what tbo travelling 'jeweller hud tn.id'..' Tho jowellor told mo thut tho girl ho saw had a mark above the oye. I asked the Sergeant if it was truo tho girl was killed or murdorod, and bo could not tell mo. He said sho had boon buried. I 'Mr'.'Wh'lttbll: Did you not say, ' Booauso if so, I must have killed hor, as I was tho only ono ot tho houso when sho wont away ?'--No( £ did not say. sot.; .It would havo boon foolish iNovortniod wnother it would havo boon foolsh.' Did you not Bay so ?-I waa not the ono who killed hor. Mr. Whittoll : L don't say so.-I did not soy what you say. J|. I said,. ' are thoy blaming me foulitp' % yoi|^aid, ;'Beoauao if bo,' :i must havo killed hor,'as I^wos'tbe'ouly 'o'uo at tho houso whon sho wont away ?' There- was something said to that offoot. I said: I' was tho last- pitrson « ho saw her aud are thoy blaming mo for it. Did tho 5or£Gan& Bay, ' No ouo savs vnu killed bor?' -Yes. Did-you tell the \Sorgoant-yuu did uot-fitriko her with-Bi stick .'or ;Bbmcthing ?-Yes, I lold him that. To Mr. Blackmoro: I told thoiSo'rgoantl know nothing about tho boiios bein' found there. Tho Sergeant, said I would hive to give ovidonco. When I said I novor struck her with a stick,- I understood this was- what thoy woro blaniing mo for. Did not understand that tho By tho, Foreman : J! you ain't road writing und you had no ono to assist you in going through your husband's pi|-or*. how ooiild yoi docido .that thoro wiro no. letters of any conso quonco' amougst your husband's papors ?— I novtir dostrbyod any letters. .:??;. Tho Coroner : Tlio witnoss statod that sho. could road writing if it waa plain. Sorgoant Thos. Crawloy, in charge of tho Shoalhayou polioo, said bo saw Mrs. Nowtou about thia mattor in- company .with Constable May; - Ho nsked hor if'abo had'livod at Nowrii Hill at ono timo. Sho replied. ' Yos.' . I nskod lor if Bho rotnomboro^ a girl named Ulnima Bourno disappearing from that placo. Sho said ' Yoa, I remember it woll.'J I asked her if she could givo any Account of tho 'girl's disannoar ance. Sho said she could not say what became tho hill. Sho continued, ' JJiit °'raina°Tnmar- ried nnd has two or threo children.'- I iaij' ' Whoro does sho livo?' Sho replied that a woman told her she liyod- in Bilinnm. -I asked hoi if she know the -woman nnd she said, aho lived at Araluon' and that sho only saw hor onco. Sho also said, a jeweller had called at hor placo somo yoara.ago nnd told hor that Eibrna wiiSi living at Balmain and had two orthroo children, and that sho mudo some onuuirios but -couldn't' find the girl. 1 n»k«l Mrs. Nowtown if sho hoard tho rumour that a skull had been found IntNowrallill. She suid, 'No aho hnd not.' I said tho skull was boliavnl to bo that of Emma llourno. : Mrs. i Nowton iuskoi, ' Was sho killed ?' I said 1 couldn't nnswor that question but tho skull had bo'n fuuud in tho oiook on tho fnrm known aa Galloway's Sho askod,. ??Whokillodlibr?' IiSipliod, 'I did Dot say nny porsou had killed her, or that sbo was Killed at alt.' Sho mado soino remark that pooplo might think sho killed hor, as thoro was nobody at homo but horsolf and tho girl that day. I don't ronioinbor the exact- words, (then fold hor that thoro would bo nn oiujutry at thn oourt houso ut 11 u.iu. and camo away. Mru. Nowton told mo tho girl lot tho cows into tho cirn and she und tho girl had had a fow words, about it She did nut say she bad chastised hor or struck hor with anything. Tho skull was produced at tho ouquiry Ho subsequently .wont to Nowra Hill audsearchod for furthor remains ' with a number of local rosidouta. He soaichod about ten yards from whoro tho skull was found and found certain bones. Th't pi'no of calic - pro duced that morning was hundod to him bi - Mrs. Harry Bourno To Mr. Blackmoro : Mrs. Nowton suid pooplo might blame hor aa.sho was tho only poison 'at homo that day. . : Tho iumiost was thou adjournod till 10 a.m.: tho following day. . . :? i 