STAGELMD. HE versatile Mr. Beer bohm Tree is to play Fal staff , in~ a production of 'Henry IV.,' which is to take place in Mr. Tree's own theatre, the Hay market. From the cha racter of the uncanny Polish Jew in 'Trilby' to that of Shakspere's i fat knight is certainly a considerable jump. Mr. Tree, however, will not be impersonating Sir John for the first time. Mr. Charles Wynd ham, of the London Cri terion, is to celebrate the twentieth year of his management of that house on April IS. The manager for Mile. -Tvette Guilbert, who was recently making ar rangements for tne. appearance of that remark ably gifted French artist in London, informed an interviewer that the proceeds of nine con certs which she gave in Chicago amounted to £4SO0. Miss Bateman, the original Leah in the Eng-. lish adaptation of that name from the German, has been giving platform recitals recently in England. A Cingalese, who is described as the Dosses sor of a skin so tough that it can turn aside dagger thrusts, and even remain intact ' when its wearer falls on spikes, has been exhibiting in Berlin, and attracting much attention from the medical fraternity. . They regard him as a physical cu riosity. He had showed for one night in Lon don, but was taken little notice of by the gene ral 'public, or by more scientific connoisseurs in human skins. Paderewski, the great pianist, was recently giving recitals in San Francisco at five, three, and two dollars a seat, and drawing full houses at the price. A wealthy San Francisco lady wrote asking his terms for a short perform ance at a soiree musicale which she was about to give at her house. His manager replied, 2500dol. The lady wrote back saying she would give him lOOOdol for a five minutes' performance. The offer was not even answered. English papers speak of our old friend Mr. E. J. Lonnen's return from South Africa, and of his having imported a new patriotic song, with which he was shortly to stir the pulses of the Londoners. He was' also about to favor them with a lecture descriptive of his experien ces in the Transvaal. Madame Mojeska has made up her mind to re tire from the stage. Bad health is said to be the cause. It is stated that the distinguished Polish actress will probably choose California as the place of her retirement. Mr. Herbert Terry, son of the popular Eng lish comedian, recently came of age, and re joined his father's company, which he had pre-. viously accompanied on a number of tours, un der the name of W. B. Herbert. He has now taken up the line of leading juvenile. A London music publisher is- to issue a post humous song 6y the late M. Gounod, to which Mr. Clemfent Scott has written words. It is en titled 'Rest in Peace.' The London actor, Mr. Walter Terriss, who is the 'creator' of the part now played by Mr. Baker in Mr. Bland Holt's latest production at the Theatre Royal, was lately the recipient of a gift in the shape of a handsome 'sporran' — the purse of goat's hair which is always an indispensable adjunct to a kilt. The 'sporran' had this inscription: 'From a lassie. In grate ful remembrance of the pleasure she derived on her last visit to London from Mr. Terriss's fine performance of Lieutenant Dudley Keppel in 'One of the Best' at the Adelphi Theatre. Sir Henry Irving is very fond of dogs. He car ried a favorite one with him recently to the United States. All doors were not, however as freely opened there to the animal as they were to his master. It appears that at some of the big American hotels all does are rigorously excluded, and at one of these establishments in St. Louis the Lyceum Company s advance agent made the usual arrangements for the accommodation of the famous actor. He informed Sir Henry by telegram what he had done, and shortly after the agent wired to the hotel as follows:— Will you arrange to have Sir Henry's dog housed m his room? He is old and clean.' A reply was received to the effect that the animal could be lodged in the kennels in the basement, but not in the rooms. The resuU was that the actor and his dog found the re quired accommodation at another hotel. A dramatic suggestion from Cervante's famous novel has been shaped by Robert Buchanan and Charles Marlowe, entitled -'The New Don Quix ote.' It was performed lately in a London the atre for copyright purposes. From the following hints with respect to the matter of it the new play would appear to contain some amusing Acfli— In which Don Quixote avowrs himself knight errant and goes forth seeking adventures. Act II.— In which Don Quixote tilts with windmills and rescues his fair lady from a. dragon's cave. Act III.— In which ( Don Quixote and the fair lady go through an old fashioned ceremony. Act TV.— In which Don Quixote breaks his lance, and wins a last victory without it. ? Mr. William Rignold is to have a prominent part in a new nautical drama — 'True Blue' — to be produced at the Vaudeville Theatre, Lon don. Another actor, whos^ name will be remem bered in Sydney, is included in the cast. That is Mr. Alfred Bucklaw, who played at the The atre Royal some years ago. The London 'Era' publishes an interesting 'Chat with George Rignold.' After referring to his earlier appearances on the boards, as de scribed by himself, it speaks of his engagement as 'second heavy' by a well-known Bristol manager, Mr.' Chute: Mr. Rignold remained at Bristol for a. long time, and had for his companions artists no less distinguished than Mrs. Kendal— then Miss Madge -Robertson— Mr. Charles CogiHan, his close friend throughout the intervening years, and Miss Ellen Terry, with whom he has often appeared in a burlesque, entitled 'The Maid and the Magpie.' Mr. George Rignold now made his first appearance in the capacity of a theatrical reformer.. A small society was formed in Bristol for the reading and discussion of papers, and Mr. Rignold selected for his subject the structural deformities of most theatres behind the scenes. A gentleman got up, and with some asperity declared that the remarks of the lec turer were directed against him — he was, in fact, un known to Mr. Rignold. Mr. Phipps — for that was the aggrieved debater— soon afterwards received a commis sion to design a new Theatre Royal for Nottingham, and he paid Mr. Rignold the compliment of showing him the plans, and asking him if the dressing-room and greenroom accommodation was more in accordance with his ideas. Mr. Rignold became a great favorite with the Bristoiians, and h'is growing reputation procur ed for him an invitation to join the Olympic Company in London, where 'The Ticket of Leave Man' was in the heyday of its first suc cess. He understudied the part of Bob Brierly, and was cast for a part in a new play by Tom Taylor, which had a run of six weeks. Getting dissatisfied with London, Mr. Rignold returned to the provinces, where he continued for some years before he again bid for fortune in the metropolis. In connection with these experien ces he gave a rather fussy recollection of a man ager named Knowles of an old-fashioned type under whom he served at the Theatre Koyal, Manchester: Mr. Rignold's first business was to support Charles Hlean in a series of Sh^ksperian revivals. Knowles bad a quaint, nickname — 'Mun-be-done,' signifying a managerial repudiation of the impossible. Mr- Rigr nold recalls an instance of its use. He was accorded a benefit, at pantomime time, and prepared a rather elaborate programme, including 'Faust and Margue rite.' The stage manager declared that he could not manipulate the pantomime scenery and the scenery that Mr. Rignold wanted. 'Mun-be-done, munbe done,' cried KnowJes emphatically. 'Wnafe the use of giving 'the chap a benefit if he can't play what he Ufces?' The Australian prima donna seems to have made a triumphal progress through the United States. The New Yorkers were not the least enthusiastic of her admirers^ Says an English contemporary: . ? After the curtain had fallen on the occasion of Mme. Melba's last appearance is the Empire City the vast audience refused to quit the building. Mme. Melba responded to a clamorous call for a song, and, with M. Jean de Reske playing the accompaniment, she sans 'Home- Sweet Home.' When Uie audience had stopped applauding Mme. Melba was presents with a tiara yOf diamonds and pearls by eozne admirers among' the stockholders. _ Afterwards she Shook hands with, some 300 of the people who regularly occupy stalls and boxes during the season, these worshippers leaving their, 'places ana passing in line past the corner of the stage where she stood. ; ..-. .?'.?'?'. : ... ... : ? , 'Mr.. Jolly John Nash has recently been figur ing on the lecture platform, his subject being 'Wit and Humor.' The veteran has been Jieard of, *}o, as -filling a part in the Christmas pastor - mime at the Theatre Boyal, Croydpb. : English papers speak of an extraordinary feat performed, by Zanetto, a Japanese juggler at Clifton, a suburb of Bristol. A turnip was thrown from the Clifton Suspension Bridge to Zanetto, who was on the path below, and he caught it on a fork which he held in his mouth. The sale of a Wombwell's Menagerie recently in England was attended by showmen from all quarters, the event being one, it seems, which seldom takes place. The style, and title of 'Wombwell's,' though at one period associated with a particular collection, has for many a day been as generally employed in connection with wild beast shows, as say that of 'Christy's' in regard of minstrel performances. The Womb well's in question was described as Bostock's 'No. 2 collection, which had just returned from the continent.' An admission fee of 2s 6d was charged at the sale, in order to keep the merely curious out. It may be interesting to quote some- of the prices which the animals fetched. A lioness with three cubs was knocked down for 155 guineas. , A splendid group of lions was disposed of for 375 guineas. A well-trained group of wolves brought GO guineas, and a splen-^ did tigress 90 guineas, while three baby lions and a lamb in one cage brought 50 guineas. A thoroughbred bloodhound was secjifed'- for 40 guineas by 'a well- known ghost s&ow; proprie tor.' It is added that the dog will be trained to perform in 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' 