j HERE AK& THERE. ] I ? ?- It ia said that wben on a long journey Sli Henry Irving takes with him bis own tea. It is a fine Chinese variety. The new , Archbishop .oL£atiterbnry it quite a ferocLout tea drinstir, fe^itis taid— would have been ^ faiatcb for Dr. Johnson hibueil. A fashion b gossip in Farts Bays that the best-dressed ladies there no longer adopt tbe bloomer costume, bnt condem it as bid formi preferring lo wear the ordinary skirt uni versal in England. Velvet and oordnroy materials ot strong make are the newest, materials foe btajtellng \tafitumee. A lady who keeps a high-class sohool In London sa; s that the schools whloh are now | eagerly sought (or are oot so much where good work is done and attention paid to manners and morals as where there are good opportunities for the girls to bloyole and golf, and, in f act, spend most ot their time In the opzn air. The Empress ot Russia has presented a splendid set of silver kettledmfts to the 2nd Prussian Dragoon Guards, the regiment of which she is honorary colonel. The Emperor has given new fnrs to the Paderborner Hussars, and that regiment will in future be known by bis name, by command of the Emperor William* The Qnecn has placed a substantial orfca manted crocs over the grave ih Whipping ham Church) Isle of Wight, where lie the remains of Mr George Warren, who for thirty-four years was telegraphist to her Majesty at Osborne. The incription on the crcts states tbat It is erected by Qoeen Victoria as a mark of regard for faithful and zealous service, la imitation of the PrinCe oi Wales, the gilded yonth ot Ametita arc indulging in brocadc waistcoats of all colors and patterns imaginable. Twenty-five years ago there was a rage in New York for gay waistooats, and tbe fashion quite suddenly died ont. Tbe tailors and maufactnrcrs were left with hundreds of yards of rare silks upon their hands, and many of these are reproduced as ' antiques ' to supply tbe present great demand. A special correspondent ot the Hotel has xaint praise to give the Glasgow hotels. He eiys the hotels are old- fashioned* easy going placcs, very nnfeuited to the deknands of business men, who nAtti rally etpect to tied everything up to date in the Second city Of the Empire. At tbe present time they look for it in vain. 1 do not know an hotel in Glasgow Which can be balled fc, commercial hotel which has the electric light, or a lift to convey heavy goods to a frell-Iight&i; etock room, or any of tbe Improvements which mark the modern hostelry. The representative!)! a large firm ordered io Germany & Variety of goods, and among tbem a lot of caps, which are bcailifnliy labled,' To my Brother,' ' To a Friend,' and so on through the list of human relationships. Ho Lad ordered with the rest a lot of moustache cupB ; they were well and duly I made ; but great was his astonishment when I the consignment arrived to find (he greater number of the caps so contrived to protect the beverage against the fiafecnllne hirsute adornment labelled thus : — ' To my 8lster,' 'To my Mother,' ' To my Wife,' 'To my 'Beirothcd.' In New York there is a clergyman who has been predicting the end of tbe world; and hid prediction bos been the cause of a very peculiar kind of Iaw suit. A certain lady read the clergyman's annountement and acceptcd it in all good faith. Her final act was to give away all her belongings to the neighbors, and, attired in a white robe, she waited the end. Realising at length that her expectations were to be dis- appointed, 6he requested the return of the worldly goods. Bat her friends did not see the matter in the same light, and the victim of misplaced confidcncc is abont to bring her case into court. ' Do you know tbat pearls get ill f' said a well- known jeweller recently. 'They do, aud, like children, they require a change of climate when their health is bad, or else they crumble and die. 1 knew of a case once where a lady went into a jeweller's with a magnificent set of pcaxla that were losing their lustre and beginning to look dead. 4 These pearls are 6ick,' said the jeweller upon examining them, 'and unless you take or send them to a decidedly different climate at onco they will become worthless.' They were sent off, and within a mouth were as bright and pretty again as they had ever been.' People often write to the Queen esking her to lend them small sums, and promising to repay her in instalments. Sometimes they write sa}ing they are unable to pay her taxes, and trusting that she will allow -the account to stand over a hit. The presents the Queen receives by post form a curious collection. They are invariably returned. Poets send her poems ; trades men, specimens of their wares ; ladies, mittcnb, stockings, and other articles of attire worked by themselves. When any member of the household is ill, medicines pour in from all parts of the world, and at Christmas the Queen is the recipient of 6ome hundreds of Christmas cards, many of them of the most expensive nature. Mr G. R. Sims is said to be responsible for a good story from Berne. A referendum was approaching its completion ; tbe votes had been given, and the chairman was ready to d-. clare the figures. Iu this moment of unxiouB expectation, when the fortunes of the country were at stake, a voice from tbe public gallery was beard crying, ' Waiter 1' The result was instantaneous, The whole sovereign assembly of the Swiss people rose to its iett aa one man and answered, 4- Yes, Gallant little Wales isigreatly pleased that tbe Queen has appointed as superintendent of her dairy at Balmoral Miss Griffiths, a daughter of Mr J. M. Griffiths, of Penally Court, a member of the Welsh Land Oom mission, whose family claims Scottish descent, Mies Griffiths, whose father Is great on tbe Pembrokeshire breed and is one of the largest contributors to the 11 Black Cattle Handbook,' has been devoted to dairy work sioce bcr childhood, and is likely to justify the Queen's choice. The new Bishop cf London (says the Daily Newt t) baB a keen sense of humor. Daring a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peterborough, Dr. Creighton put np one cvenicg in an old manor house, and slept in a room fiupposed to be haunted. Next morn iug, at breakfaBt, the Bishop was asked wh rthw be bad »»en tbe ghost, u Yte,' be replied with great solemnity, ' but 1 have laid the spirit ; it will never trouble yon again.' On being further interrogated -as to what he had done, the Bishop said— 41 Ihe ghost inetantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of the Peterborough Cathedral.' If there is any one branch of scientific manufacturing that would seem to have rbbched perfection within the last decade ic is the makiog of artificial ears. Snoh perfcct rcproductiocs are .turned oot nowa days that they cannot be distinguished, even upoa a fairly close inspection, from the natural ear. Made of a specially prepared rubber, flesh-colored in the rough, they are painted by band in exact imitation of the remaining ear of the unfortunate customer, ana as car« folly 44 touched' and marked over as an artist's picture. This is necessary, for an artificial ear must be perfect to be acceptable, and such careful work pays the maker, for he gete a very long price for tbem. 