The Petersburg Times and Northern Advertiser FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896 Light rains have fallen during the week, but, generally speaking, the weather continues extremely dry, and the long expected downpour appears as far off as ever. The annual show in connection with the Booyoole Agricultural Society will be held at Laura on Wednesday next. Excursion tickets will be issued at Petersburg and intermediate stations to Laura on Wednesday, available for return on October 2nd. Train leaves Petersburg at 6. 40 a.m. The Annual Show in connection with the Petersburg A., H. & F. Society will be held on Wednesday, October 7, and, despite the unfavorable season, promises to be a success The Secretary has taken an office in the premises recently occupied by Mr Hoile (opposite post-office) where he will receive entries, subscriptions, &c.;, after Monday next. Entertainment.—Special attention is directed to the laughable and unique entertainment to be given in the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, October 6, by the Rev J. W. Mouland. The rev. gentlemen will deal principally with "Nature's Fingerpost," and the pro- ceedings will be interspersed with songs, recitations, and musical selections The Lynch Family.—This popular family appeared at the Town Hall on Monday evening last. The hall was well filled and the company received a flattering reception, every item rendered being received with applause. The principal feature of the programme was the ever popular performance of the members of the family on the bells and the glassophones, the latter, which was new to Petersburg, especially being greatly admired. Mr Miller A Fraser, a Scotch tenor, sang several songs with sympathetic effects. The comic and character songs by Mr Geo. Bentley fairly brought down the house, and he had to respond to several en- cores. Messrs R. and W. Lynch's char- acter duet, " On the Back of Father " caused roars of laughter, and a chara- cter duet between Messrs W. Lynch and T. E. Theiodon was well received. Mr. Theiodon also contributed a comic song, " Any Ornaments," and Mr Geo. E. Jones a violin solo. The perfor- mance closed with an exhibition of sleight-of-hand tricks by Mons. Theiodon. Colonial versus London Wool Sales.—We have been shown another circular issued by Messrs Crompton & Son who seem determined to instil into the minds of the producers the advantage of sending their products to the London market. It seems that more foreign buyers will be here this year than last. Messrs Crompton & Son suggest, apparently with good reason, that these speculators and manu- facturers' agents are after cheap wool undoubtedly to the disadvantage of the producer. In these times of bad seasons, woolgrowers badly need best prices possible, and the London market is pointed out as a means to this end. The importance of the sub- ject cannot be over estimated, and we think it is worth while for growers of 5, 10, or more bales to enter into correspondence with this pushing firm. Proposed Friendly Societies' Sports. — An unexpected difficulty seems to have arisen with regard to the sports proposed to be held at Pet- ersburg during the Christmas holidays. The bone of contention is, we under- stand, as to whether a booth shall be allowed on the ground or not. The members of the Rechabite Order say they can't consistently join in if a booth is allowed, whilst members of other orders seem to look on sports without a booth as something akin to playing ' Hamlet' without the ' ghost,' though why a booth should be regarded as such an indispensable adjunct to a sports meeting, we cannot see. The hotel-keepers say booths do not pay, and the scanty competition for them when put up to auction proves that there cannot be much made out of them. It seems, however, a small matter to wreck the sports over and we are confident that if both sides will take a liberal view of the situation a way will be found out of this and any other difficulties that may arise. Mr J. H. Touchell. — By the Melbourne Argus we note that a warrant has been issued for the arrest of Mr J. H. Touchell on a charge of larceny as a servant of sums of £29 and £55, moneys belonging to his employers, Messrs MacPherson, Stern- berg & Co., Auctioneers. Accused was manager of the firm's business at Rochester. It will be remembered that Mr Touchell was a resident of Petersburg for several years. For some time he carried out the duties of Town Clerk and during his term of office the building in which he kept all the books and papers belonging to the Council was destroyed by fire. An investigation failed to show how the fire originated, although sundry per- sons had their suspicions. Mr Touchell also carried on an auctioneering and general agency business here. About six years ago he removed to Jamestown and shortly afterwards left the colony for Victoria. At least half a dozen residents of Petersburg whom he in- duced to act as sureties in respect to a loan he obtained from an insurance office, and who were left to " pay up," will well remember him. Mddle. Trebelli.—In deciding to pay a visit to Petersburg this famous prima donna paid a compliment to the musical taste of the district which, truth compels us to state, was hardly, justified by the attendance at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. The front seats, it is true, were fairly well filled, but the back portion of the building was deplorably empty. What the audience lacked in number was cer- tainly made up in enthusiasm, those, present obtaining a musical treat all too rare in the country districts. It seems pretty plain that, no matter how ex- cellent the Entertainment, folks wont pay 2s to sit on a seat without a back, and either the Town Council must im- prove the seating accommodation in this respect, or managers refrain from charging more than a shilling for this part of the building. The distinguished vocalist was assisted by Miss Florence Harding (pianist), Mr John Prouse (the New Zealand baritone), and Mr C. Betteridge (of Petersburg) whose violin selections were much admired and drew forth compliments from the visitors. In nearly every instance encores were demanded and responded to. The audience included repre- sentatives from Jamestown, Terowie, Yongala, Orroroo, &c.;, and had it not been for the entertainment the pre- vious evening there is no doubt there would have been a much better house. The amount taken at the doors was, we understand, about £16, and though this would not have been so bad for a purely local effort, it can readily be understood that it would hardly satisfy Mdlle. Trebelli's manager. Royal Dramatic Company.—As advertised elsewhere, the Royal Dra- matic Company (managed by Mr S. A. Fitzgerald) will play at Petersburg on Tuesday evening next. The company has been travelling since March last, and that it is one of no mean repute is proved by the fact that it has played in some country towns from ten to sixteen nights. There are fourteen members in the company, the " leads " being Mr S. A. Fitzgerald, from the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and other prominent theatres, and Miss Inez Role, a lady endowed by nature with both exceptional beauty and talent. Wherever the Company has shown, press and public have united in extolling its merits. For the past seven weeks it has been in South Australia, and not one adverse criticism has been given. For production in Petersburg the advance representative has selected a sterling play, " The Unknown," a drama never before staged in this town, which will be performed with every attention to detail. Popular prices (3s., 2s., and 1s.) will be charged, and front seats may be reserved at Mr Hoile's. Mr E. F. Brady, of Burra, and formerly of Terowie, is proceeding to West Australia. The programme for the annual Catholic picnic to be held at Petersburg on October 28th, appears in another column. Entries for Children's Work at Petersburg show close on Wednesday next. 