SPORTING. BV ' MASCOTTE.' ' Auguc'a Ghost' in tho Nurandera Argus sayS ;_' l)r. Watt has recently received from tho members of the Hay Rowing Club a beautiful illuminated address. The ad dress in itaolf is a work of art, nnd reflects tho greatest credit on Mr II. A. Jennings. At the top of the address ia iv scene from tho Murrumbidgeo at Hay, taking in the boat shed, on the aido ia a nuir of sculls crowed, with the monogram of the club iu the centre, while at the bottom ? a scene from the opposito side of tho river ia depicted, with a four-oared crew upon it. Following is the address : — ? Geo. W. \\\ att, Kan., M.li. IH-ar Sir,— We the members of the Hay Rowing Club, wish to express to you tho sorrow we fei'l at your departure from our midst, and in this small presentation convey, inadequately though it be, our appreciation of your good fellowship amongst us us u member and as captain of our club. In losing you Hay loses a prominent and generous supporter of all manly sports, and we desire to tender you our best wishes for your future welfare. Hero follow -11 signatures.' It is needless to say that tho doctoi is delighted with the nddrcss. Mr S. L. West, of Tradition and Tara. naki fame, is said to have tho makings of another racehorse in work at his home near Parkes in Rosebery, who is by Padlock from Taranaki's and Lamoiul's 'dam, Axiom. Recently Roaebery spoitcd silk in a race at Parkes, and when losing his field he ran off, and was got on again in time to have No. ,'! hoisted in his favor. Rosebery is described as a model. Tho Clan Stuart mare, Stewardess, who has for a considerable time been under the caro of Jack Hoystead at Narandera has gone to grass. Auraria is not entered for the Newmarket or Australian Cup, nor is Hopscotch. Jim Stanbury proposes leaving for Eng land next month. Projectile's two-year-old brother Barley, corn Btands over 1G hands high. Merrigal is doing good sound work at . Kensington. In an interview with Walter Hicken botham, the well-known trainer, the Sports man prints the following :— ' Mentor would have almost turned out to be a champion had he kept sound, and being by Swivellor, he naturally waxes eloquent in his eulo giums on this Cup winner.' Mr J. Bcales, the well-known bookmaking member of Tattersall'a Club, is backing Stanbury in the match with Harding. News from Melbourne states that W. H. Keith, the NcwZealandor, has accepted tho position of private trainer to Messrs H. E. A. and V. White, at Scone. Foremost amongst the local knights of the pencil already in the field to do solid busi ness on the popular V.R.C. Autumn double, Newmarket and -Australian Cup, at tho catching odds of 200 to 1, is Mr Jack Dwyer, a penciller of undoubted experience, sound to hia figures, liberal to a degree in prices, and promptitude personified on settling day, meeting hia engagements with a happy smile on his genial countenance, and the mldon shekels in hand for his luckv clients. 'Jack,' bo it known, is not con fined solely to the events under notice, but i« prepared to do business at best market rales on all the leading fixtures. His ad dress is Tattorsall's Billiard Saloon, of which ho has recently become the lessee. His ability to cater satisfactorily for lovers of a little gentle exercise on the green cloth ia a household word. Needless to state that tho tables, cnes, balls, and furniture gener ally, under his artistic management, are all that can be desired, and his 'marking' perfect.— [Advt.] H. G. Dawes has returned from New Zealand. Wild Rose'a old pilot, W. Morrison, had a good day at Mentone on Saturday, when he rode three winners. Ho now combines training with riding. Mathew Dawson, who ia 7G years of age, and talks of retiring, has trained the winner of the Two Thousand Guineas five times, the One Thousand Guineas six times, tho Derby six times, the Oaks six times, and the St. Logcr six times. Delawaro, Form, Leonidas, and Tridentato are all in work again at Rtindwick. Summerlea and Parramatta are being Bchooled over hurdles at Caulfield. After doing a season at the stud in New South Wales, Mikado II. has been returned to J. Gardner, and the old fellow will pro bably be seen under silk again. TheV.A.T.C. have declined to remit any portion of the threo months' suspension im posed upon Stevensoa for unseemly conduct at Caulfield on Boxing Day. Burrabari, who was injured in the V.R.C. Handicap, has resumed work. JTr J. M'Donald, of Moree, has sent the mares purchased by him at the St. Albaiis sale up to his station. They are Moth, Pet Girl, Nightmare, Tasma, and Activity; several of them have foals at foot. At Flemington, Hova remains bright and healthy. The handsome bay has not done much lately, but, all going well, he will bo ready in March. Mostyn is enjoying a short spell. Palo Alto is amiss, and has been absent from the tracks since New Year's Day. One day last week Dundee, tho hurdler, broko down rather badly, a back tendon having 'gone.' This was extremely bad luck for his party, as tho big chestnut was just getting into rare fix again Ihe two-year-old sister to Balance in Filgate's stable has been named ' Sway.' She is a shapely little lady, and can uso her legs to some purpose. Tho West Australian horse, Danbydale, is expected at Flemington from Adelaide this week. Danbydale is a son of My lord's brother, Sir Oliver, and ia very smart. The racehorse Division is dead. Jack o' Lantern simply cantered away with tho Jloorefield Handicap on Saturday. The Quiver party won £3000 over tho re suit of the Tattersall's Cup. Mr Jim Wil. son, Mr Long, and Tom Bron-n had £3000 to £210 between them. This is nothing like the atake they stood to win over the mare in the Summer Cup. Sir John Mayo had a win on Quiver. Air II. is a great believer in the efficacy of the Trenton— Yattendon or the Trenton— Maribyrnong cross. The former had dono him good sen-ice with Lady Trenton and The Meddler, and the latter with Auraria, whom he supported. Mark Thompson has got Waterfall over Ins soieness, and the bonny brown is as merry as a cricket. When the mail leftSouth Africa, Forward was at 100 to 11 for the Johannesburg Summer Handicap. Acmena is looking better to-day thun over. ? For the hurdle race at Jlooroopna on tho 1st mat., an ambulance, made out of tho old aaddle.cloths, was sent round the course and a drinkplaccd at each hurdle for tho jockeys. Fortunately, these attentions were not wanted, for there was not an acci dent throughout the day. Messrs Hunter and Foulsham have leased a likely-looking big bay colt by Swivellm irom iuitli. iho youngster was bred in Gippsland. J. E. Browor tent Sylvan Prince up to CaldermoadB for u spell last week, and dis. posed of Bingera. The last-named ia now in Jim Barhour's care. After tho form recently shown by Rosottu a daughter of Abcrcorn, she is already being nibbled _at for tho Newmarket Handicar. .Long shots have been taken about her chance fur the big ' scramble.' ? ? At the Hanging Rock races on tho 1st mat., the American system of jockeys wear ing their .numbers on tho right arm instead of on the saddle-cloths waa introduced urn! with fairly satisfactory results. Bert Holmes saya that absolutely the best stayer and weight-carrier he over rode was The Admiral. But for speed and dash -Alqatyn.-up.tpalxmta mile and a quarter, is the meat brilliant animal he ever throw his leg across. Ho didn't win tho Don caster Handicap 'imply becauso he declined to gallop the reverse way round. fatron ia doing well at Flemjogton. 