THE STORYTELLER The Grey Man. By S. E. CROCKETT, Author of ' The Stk-kit Minister,' ' The Raiders,' ' The Lilac Sun Bonnet,' &c.; Chaptee I.— THE OATH OF SWORDS. Well, I do mind the first time that ever I was iii the beartsome town of Ballantrae. My father seldom went thither, because it was a hold of the Bargany folk, and it was therefore pounder een.se to give it the go-by. But it came to pass that it was necessary for my father to go from Kirrieoch on the border of Galloway, -where we dwelt high on the moors, to the seaside of Ballantrae. My lathers sister had married a man named Hew Grier, an indweller in Maybole, who, for gear's sake had settled down to his trade of tanner in Ballantrae. It was to his burying that we now went. We had Keen him snugly happed up. and the burial supper was over. We 'were already iu a mind to pet about returning1, when we heard (ho sound of a groat rushing of people hither and thither. Arms were brought frrm under the thatch, to which the laws of the King had com mitted them under the lain ordinance nnent weapons of war. Leathern jnckots were donned, and many folk cried ' Bargany ! ' in the streets without knowing why. My Aunt Grisel went out to ask what was the stir, and came in with herface as white as a clout. ' It is the Cassillis folk that are besieging the CaBtle of Ardstinchar, and they have come near to the taking of it, they say. Oh, wbat will the folk of Ballantrae do to you, John, if they ken that you are here ? They Mill hang you for a spy, aud that without question.' ' That,' said my father, ' is surely impossible. The Ballantroe folk never had any great haul of sense, but yet they will hardly believe tint Hew Grier, decent man — him that was your marrow, and lies now in his resting grave, poor body — look on himBelf to die just that I might come to Ballantrae to spy out the land ! ' But my aunt, being easily flustered, would not hearken to him, thinking that all trrrible things were possible, and bo hid the two of us in the barn-loft till it should be the hour of the gloaming. Then, putting a flask of milk into my pocket, and giving a noble satchel of cakes to my father, ehe almost pushed un out of her back door. To this day I remember how the unsteady glare of a red burning filled all the street. And we could see burghers' wives standing at the doors, all looking in the direction of the Castle of Ard etinchar upon its lofty rock. Others set their heaiis out of the little round ' jaw-holes ' that were iu each gable wall, and gossiped shrilly with their neighbours*. My father and I went down by the riverside, and as soon as we turned Hew-the- Irair's corner, we saw all the noble tower of Ardstinchar flaming to the skies — every window belching fire, and the sparks fleeing upward as before a mighty wind, though it was a stirlees night, with a moon and stars above. Down by the waterside and straight before us we saw a post of men, and heavd them clank their war-gear as they marched from Bide to side and looked ever up at the castle on its steep, spitting like a furnace, flaming like a torch. So my father turned us about, for in spite of what he had said to my Aunt Grieel he had much reason to fear for his neck. For if, on a night of a Cassillis raid, one of the hated faction should be found in the town of Ballantrae, little doubt there was hut that a long tow and a short shrift would be his fate. We climbed the breast of the brae up from the waterside, intending to make a detour behind the castle. My father said that it would be capy crossing at Herodford, where he knew a decent man that was of his party. There we could make up the glen of the Tigg Water, which in the evil state of the country was as good and quiet, n way back to Mimiochside as one might hope to find. It was a pitiful sight to me, that was but a Young Bargany unsheathed his sword and pointed with it to the topmost pinnacles of A.rdstinchar .... and in every man's grip there was a bare blade.— Chapter I. j'oung lad and had never seen a fire bigger than a screed of muir-burn screeving a crops the hills with a following wind at its tail, to fee the noble house with all its wealth of plenishing and gear burned up. I said as much to my father, who swung along with bis head bent to the hill slope, dragging my arm oftentimes almost from the socket in his haste to get us out of such unwholesome company as tho.augry folk of Ballantrae. ' It is an enemy's house ! ' he 6aid very hastily. ' But what harm have the Bargany folk done to us ? ' I asked, for this thing seemed strange to me — that Kennedy should strive with Kennedy, burn castle, kill man, harry, mow, and manger, drive cattle — and I never could make out what it was all for. ' Hold your breath, Launcelot Kennedy ! ' said my father, testy with shortness of breath going upLil, ' or you will find ? ut for what ! Is it not enough that you are born to love Cassilh's and to hate Bargany r ' ' Are the folk of Cassillis, then, so much better than the folk of Bargany ? ' I asked, taking what I well knew to be the chance of an answer or of a ring on the side of the head. It was not the an&wer; I got. And, indeed, it was an ill time for query and question, or the answering of them. In time we got to the angle of the castle, and there We were somewhat sheltered from the fierce heat and the glare of light. From the eminence we had gained we could look away along the shore side. My father pointed with his finger. ' Boy, do you see yon : ' he whispered. I looked long and eagerly with my unaccus tomed eyes before I saw in the pale moonlight a dark train of horsemen that rode northward. Their line wimpled like a serpent, being pricked out to our sight with little twinkles of fire, which I took to be the moon shining on their armour and the points of their spears. ' See,' said my father, ' yonder goes our Earl with the spoil. Would that I were by his side '. Why do I live so far among the hills and out of the call of my chief 'r ' We looked all round the castle, and seeing no one we made shift to get about it and darn our selves among the heather of the hillside. But even as we passed the angle and came to a broken part of the wall there was a trampling of iron shod hoofs, and a troop of horsemen rode up to the main castle gate, which looks to the north-west. It was all we could do to clamber over the broken wall, my father lifting me in his arms. There we ]ny flat and silent behind a pile of stones, just where the breach had been made, over which we r cmld look info the court .yard and see the splotched causeway and Ihc I odiee of the dead lying hero and there athwart, it. Jui-t as tie foremost horseman came to the gate, which the riders of Cassillis had left open, the roof of red tile fell in with an awesome crash. The flames again sprang high and the sparks soared. All the courtyard was aglow with the red leme which the ekios gave back, wrhile the moon and stars paled and went out. ' Hist '. ' whispered my father, ' this is young Bargany himself, who comes first.' I looked eagerly from behind a stone and saw a noble figure of a young man en a black horse, sitting framed in the dark of the doorway, the names making a crim8t-n fucker about him. After a moment's pause he rode within the deserted close, and there sat his horse, looking up sternly and silently at the leaping flames and hearkening to the crackling of the timbers. ?? Then another and another horseman came riding within, some of whom my father knew. ' See you, Launce, and remember,' he whis pered, ' ' that is Thomas Kennedy, of Drunamur chie, Bargany's brother. Observe his fangs of the wolf- He of all the crew is the wickedest and the worst.' I looked forth and saw a gaunt, dark youth, with a short upper lip that was drawn up from teeth that shone white in the leaping flair e which harvested the goodly gear of the house of Ardstin char. ' There is Blairquhan the Simpleton, and Clon caird of the Black Heart, and Beunan the laird's brother — a very debauched man — and there, I declare, is my Lord OehiHree. I wonder wh&t; does he here riding with the Bargany s ? ' As soon as the fire died down a little, some of the party began to search about among the defences and outhouses, and even entered into the inner part of the tower. In twos and threes they came forth, some bringing a wounded man, some a dead man, till on the cool, grey stone of the court there were five that lay motionless on their backs, and two that moaned and were still. The more lightly wounded were cared for in a chamber within the gate. Then all the gentlemen of the Bargany side dismounted from their horses and stood about those that were killed. ' Alas for young Girvanmains,' I heard one say, {i what shall we say to his father ? And Walter Pollock, the cunning scrivener — and James Dairy mple, that was a kindly little man and never harmed any man — the Lord do so to me and more also, if I write not this impres sion and killing in blood upon the walls of Cassillis ! ' ? The crowd thinned a little, and I saw it was the Laird himself that spoke. . Then young Bargany, who was taller by a head than any there, called for room. So they made a ring, with the dead bodies in the midst, and Bargany standing a little before. He bent over the body of Walter Pollock, the young clerk, and drew a book from his bieast. ' Listen ! ' he cried, ' all you that love Bar gany, and now behold this deed of dule and cruelty. Here are our dead. Here is the Book of Life that I took from one of the servants of peace, cruelly bereft of life by our enemies ! ' ' I warrant he drew a good sword when it came to fighting, clerk though he might be, whis pered my father. ' I know the Pollock breed.' Bargany looked at the book in his hand and again at the hand which had hpld it. ' This falls out well,' he said. ' In the pre sence of our dead, upon the Bible that is wet with the blood of the unjustly slain, let us band our selves together and take oath to be avenged upon the cruel house — the house of overtrampling pride \- —the house that ha6 ever wrought us woe. Will ye swear ? ' He looked round the ring of faces that were fierce and dark in the lowe of the furnace beyond. As he did so he unsheathed his sword, and pointed with, it to the topmost pinnaces of Ardstinchar. Xn a moment there was a ring of steel about him, for, quicka3 his own, every man's hand went out to his scabbard, and in every man's grip there wa6 a bare blade. And the sight thrilled me to see it more than all the religion 1 had ever been taught, for I was hut a boy. And even though religion , Wi^jnaed in youth, the strength and the use of it ~ comes ?&&&;, - , .. . Thus 'Bargany stood with the brand in his right r hand and .tbeBible in bis- left, to take, as was the aocientcuefonx, the solemn oath of vengeance and . enmityv And thus he spake -. ? ? ' By this Holy Book and the blood upon it, I, \- Gilbsrt Kennedy, of Bargany, endear never to satisfy the just feud against the bloody bouse of '- Camflis, till of all their defenced towers there stands not one stone in its place, remains not one scion of its cruel race. I who stand here, in -he . presence of these dead 'men, of my folk. , charge them with the blood of my kin, the wpoilkg of my vassals, and the heart-breaking of my father. In the name of God I swear '. If I stay and make not an end, the God of Battles do so to me and more also ! ' Gilbert Kennedy kissed the book which he held in hik left hand, and with sodden gesture of hatred he flung down the sword which he had held aloft in hie right. It fell with a ringing dirl of iron upon the stones of the pavement beside the slain men, and the sound of ite fall made the flesh creep on my bones. Then the Laird's wicked brother, Thomas, called the Wolf of Driimmurchie, came forward, the hatred fairly sparkling in his eyes, and his teeth set in a girn of anger. ' I swear,' he cried, ' to harry John of Cassil lis, the enemy that has wrought us this woe, with fire and sword— to cut off him and his with dagger to light the thack, and to lift the cattle. I will be an outlaw man, a prey for the hunters for their wake— for they it was who first slandered me to the King, chased me from my home, and made me a robber man on ths mountains.' And in turn he kissed the book, and his sword rang on the pavement beside his brother's. So one by one the meu of Bargany took the solemn band of eternal and bloody feud. Presently an aid man stood forth, lie held a spear in his hand, being but a tenant vaswil and keeping to the ancient Scots weapon. ' Bv the blood of my son that lies here before me, by the spear that, he held iu his dyiDg hand, I, that.am but the poor gentleman of Girvanmains, before death takes me to where all vengeance is Another's, I pwear the vengeance of blood ! ' And he cast the spear beside the swords of the gentlemen. Then issuing forth from the chamber over the gate, ai.d leaning upon the arm of a young page boy, there came the strangest shape of a man— his countenance thrawed and drawn, hie shrunk shanks twisted, his feet wambling one over another like those of a bear. Bowed double the man was, and wa'kcd with a staff that tapped and rattled tremblingly «-n the pavement as he came. The men turned at the sound, for there was silence among them after old Girvanmains had let his spear fa]]. Like one risen from ihe dead, he looked up at the tower that was now begun to show black against the dulling red glow of the dying fire. ' Thou,, tower of Ardstinchar,' be cried, lifting up a voice like the whistling wind through 6crannel pipes, ' they have burned you that burned ine. Curse me Cassillis and the Lord of it ! Curse me all that cleave to it, for their tender mercies are cruel. I, Allan Stewart, Abbot of Crossraguel, lay my curse bitterly upon them for the cruel burning they gave me before their fire in the Black Vault of Dunure. But bless me the House of Bargany thafrescued me from torture aud took me to their strong tower, so that I have to this day found a quiet abiding chamber.' ' Mark well, boy,' whispered my father, ' re member this to tell it in after days to your chil dren's children. Your eyes have seeu the Abbot of Grossrag- uel whom tbe King of Carriek, the father of our Earl John, roasted quick in the vault of Dunure, a deed which has wrough uiickle woe, and will yet work more.' And even as my father spoke I saw the old cripple hirple away, the young laird himself helping with the kindliest courtesy. ' Then last of all that spake there came a voice from one who stood in the gloomy archway of the gate, at the entering in of the courtyard . He that spoke was a tall man who sat on a grey horse, and was cl«d from head to foot in a cloak of grey, having his face shaded with a high-crowned, broad-brimmed hat of ancient fashion. '' Give roe tbe Book and I also will swear an oath ! ' he eaid in a voice which made all turn toward him. ' Who may that man be ? I know him not,' said my father, for he had named all the others aB thgy came within. So one gave him the blood-stained Bible, and hei. held, it in his baud a moment. He was silpnt a space before be spoke. ' *' Bv this Christian Book and among this Chris tian people,' he said, ' I swear to root out and ,Ayy utterly all the house of Cassulis aud Culzean, pursuing them, man, woman, and child, with fire and 6word till they die the death of pain and 6cbrn, or I who swear shall die in the accomplish ing1 of it.' fThe unknown paused at the end of this terrible oath, and gazed again at the Book. The dying fire flared up for a chance moment, as another rafter caught fire. ' Fauch,*' eaid he of the grey cloak, looking at the Bible in his hand, ' there is blood upon thee. Go thou to the fire as the seal of our oaths. A bloody Bible is no Christian book ! ' And with that he threw the Bible into the red embers that glowed sullenly within the Tower. There came a cry.of horror from all that saw, fur though in this dark land of Carrick deeds of blood were done every day, this was- rank hlas phemy and ungodly sacrilege. But I was not prepared for it? effect upon my father. He trembled in all his limbs, ' and I felt the stones shake upon which he leaned breast high, careless who should see him. ' This is fair devil'ework,' he muttered. ' The fires of Sodom, the brimstone of Gomorrah shall .light upon U6 all.' He would have said more, but I never heard him finish his words. Sudden as a springing deer he tore from the covert of the wall by my side and bounded across the court, threading the surprised group and overleaping the swords of the slain men. He disappeared in a moment through the door into the tower, within which the flame.eiill glowed red, and from which every moment the crash of falling timber and the leaping flame answered each other. Ere my father leaped back, hie figure stood plain and dark against the fire within hire a smith at his forge, seen in the bygoing upon a snowy night. He held Ihe unburned Bible clasped to hi6 breast, but his left hand hung by his side. A moment after he had sprung from a window and fallen upon his face in the pavement with the Bible beneath him. A dozen men sprang towards him and seized him, Thomas of Drummurchie the first among them. ' A traitor ! A-spy ! ' ho cried, lifting a sword from the pile with clear purpose to kill. ' To the death with him ! It is John Kennedy of Kirrie och — a rank Cassillis thief '. ' And he would have slain him forthwith but that I ran among his legs and gripped him so close to me that he fell on the pavement. Then I went and took my father's hand, standing by hi6 side, crying out the while : 'vYe shallna, ye shallna kill my faither. He never did ye harm a' the days o' his life! ' ' Who are you, and what do you here 't ' asked young Bargany in a voice of command, when they had set my father on his feet. ' I am John Kennedy of Kirrieoch on Minnoch side, and I came to Ballantrae to bury tbe corpse of my sister's man, Hew Grier, that was this day laid in the earth.' So, right quietly and calmly, my father tpoke among them all. ' But what do you in my burned castle of Ard stinchar and alone with these dead men ? ' asked the young Bargany. 'With a quietness that came of the hills my father told him his plain tale, and his words were not words that man can gainsay. Then Bargany answered him without consulting the others, as none but a great chief does whose word is life or death. ' Ye are here in my castle, and had I been as your folk of Cassillis, ye should have died the death ; but, because ye stopped devil's work and, it may be, kept away a curse from us for burning of the Holy Book, ye shall not die in my house. Take your life and your son's life, as a gift from Gilbert Kennedy of Bargany. My father bowed bis head, and thanked his house's euemy. ' Bring abor6e !' cried the Laird, and imme diately he set my father on a beast, and me in the saddle before him. ' Put the Bible in your winnock sole, turn out the steed on Minnochside, and come no more to Ballantrae in time of feud, lest a worse thing tefall you !' he said, and waved us away, as I thought grandly. Some of the men that had sworn enmity mur mured behind him.. ' Silence ! ' he cried. ' Am I not Lord of Bar gany?' Shall I not do as I will : Take your life, Kirrieoch. And whenever a Bargany rides by your door, ye shall give him bite and sup for the favour that is this night shown you in the courlyard of Ardstinchar.' ' Ye shall get that, Bargany, and welcome, whether ye let me gang or no ! ' said niy father, and, pressing tbe Book to his bosom and gather ing up the reins in bis unwouuded hand, we rode unquestioned through the arch of the wall into the silence of the night. And the hill winds and the stillnesses were like God's blessing about us. But from a knoll on the left of the entrance the man of the grey habit, he who had thrown the Bible, sat silent upon his horse and watched, and as we looked back, he still sat and watched. Him my father took to have been the devil, as he said to me many times that night ere we got to Min nochside. Also ere we left the pavement behind, looking out from the postern door, we paw the tlirawn visage of him who had been Allen Stewart, the tortured residue of that which had once been Abbot of Crossraguel, and in stature like a square shouldered tower. And this is the way my father brought home the burnt Bible to tbe bouse of Kirrieoch. There it bides to this day, blackened as to its bindings and charred at the edges, safe in the wall-press at my father's bed- head, a famous book in all the land, eren as far as Glencaird and Dranie Manors upon the Water of TrooL But it brought good fortune with it— a fortune which still remains and grows. And as for my father, he never lifted sword or spear against the house of Bargany from that day to this, because of the usage that Gilbert Kennedy gave him that night in the burning of Ardstinchar. Nevertheless, for all that, he exercised me tightly in the use of every weapon of war, from the skill of the bow to the shooting of the hack butt, for it was his constant intent to make me an esquire in the service of Sir Thomas Kennedy of Cudzean, reputed the wisest man and the best in all the parts of Carriek and Ayr. As, indeed, I have found him. And this saving- of the burning Bible was, as I guess, the beginning of my respect for religion, which, alas ! I fear this chronicle will show to have been both a late-garnered and a thin- sown crop. Chapteh H.— THE LAS*S OF THE WHITE TOWER. Now, as the manner is, I must make haste to tell something of myself and have by with it. My name is Launcelot Kennedy, and I am the teller of this tale. In a^anntry where all are Kennedys, friends and foes alike, this name of mine is no great headmark. So ' Launcelot of the Spurs ' I am called, or by those who would taunt me, Launcelot Spurheel. But I come of a decent muirland house, the Kennedys of Kirrieoch, who were ever lovers of the Gassillis blue and gold, which are the Royal colours of France, in memory of the ancient alliance, and ever haters of the red and white of Bargany, that we hold no better than buteher'e colours, bloody and desolate. The story, or at least my own part in it, properlf begins upon the night of the fair at Maybole, whither I had gone without troubling my master, Sir Thomas Kennedy of Culzean, with the matter of asking for his permission. Indeed, none knew ? , ? — ? ? — that I bad been to the town of Maybole save Helen Kennedy alone, and she, although I called her Idghthead, Clatter-tongue, would not in any wise tell tales upon me. There at the fair I spent all my eilrer buying of trittle-trattles at the lucky-booths and the market-stalls. And upon ray return I meant to divide fairly with Helen Kennedy, though she was fully two years younger than I— indeed, only 16 years of age, though long of the leg and a good runner. So, being advised of my excellent intentions, you shall judge if I was not justified of all that I did to the girl afterwards. It was the early morning of a March day when I came to the foot of the Castle of Cukain. I went with quiet steps along the shore, by the little path ttat leads to the coves beneath. I car ried the things that I had bought in a napkin, all tied safely together. Now, the towers of Culzean are built upon a cliff, steep and perilous, over looking the sea. And I, being but a squire, though for my age strong and bold and not to be beaten by anything or feared by any one, was lodged high up in the White Tower, which rises from the extremest point of the rock. Now as I say, I had not made mention of the little matter of my going abroad to Sir Thomas, because it was' unnecessary to trouble him with such a small matter, and also because of the strict ness of his opinions. It was, therefore, the more requisite that I should regain my chamber without putting lazy Gilbert in the watch-house on the bridge to the trouble of letting fall the drawbridge for U6. I did not desire to disturb or disarrange him, for he would surely tell his master, being we.l called Gabby Gib-cat, because he came of a race that never in their lives have been able to hold a secret for a single day iu the belly of them— at least, not if it meant money, ale, or the goodwill of their lord. So it happened that before I had gone to Ma; - bole I dropped a ladder of rope from the staunchions of my window, extremely strong and convenient, which came down to a ledge someway up the rocks, which I co'.'ld easily reach by climb ing Thither I made my way when, as I tell you, the night was beginning to dusk toward tbe dawn. I had all my buyings in my arms tied up well and tightly in the napkin, just as I carried them from the lucky-b)oths of Maybole. I tied the outer knot of my bundle tightly to tie last rung of the ladder, praying within me that Sir Thomas might be fast asleep. For I had to pa*8 within three feet of his window, and, being an oM man he was wakerife in the mornings, easily started, and given to staring out of the window without reason or sense, in a manuer which hr d often filled me with pain and foreboding1 for his reason. Bnt, by the blessing of God, and because he was somewhat tired with walking in the fields with Hb baron-officer the night before, it hap pened that Sir Thomas was sound asleep ; so that I was nothing troubled with him. But iinmed:' ately beneath us, in the White Tower, were the room of his two daughters, Marjorie and Helen Kennedy ; aud of these Helen's room was to the front, so that my rope ladder passed immediately in front of her window, while the chamber of Mar jorie was to tbe back, and, in this instance, con cerned me not at all. So as I scrambled up the swinging ladder (aud, indeed, there are not many that would venture so much on a cold March morning) I passed Helen Kennedy's wiudow. As I went by, the devil prompted me to scrape with my toe upon the leaden frame of her lattice. She was mortally . afraid of ghoste, so I pictured to myself that, hearing the noise at the window, she would take it for the scraping of a spirit trying to find a way in, and so draw tbe clothes over her head and lie trembling. Pleasing myself, therefore, with this picture, I scraped and laughed within myself till I nearly fell from the ladder. I heard a Stirling within the chamber, and stopped to listen. ' She has her head under the clothes by now,' I said to myself, as I climbed on up to my win dow, which I found unbasped even as I had left it. I entered, gripping the edge of the broad sill and lifting myself over with ease, beiug very strong of the forearm. Indeed, I had won the wrestling at the fair that day, in spite of my youth — a thing which I intended to keep secret till Helen Kennedy should begin to taunt me with being but a boy and feckless. It chanced, however, that I, who had beeu thus victorious with men older than myee'.f, was now to be vanquished aud conquered by one who was two yeareyounger, andshe a lassie. Then I began to pull up the ladder of cords with all my goods and chattels at the cud of it, and my thoughts were already running on the good things therein — cakes and comfits, sweetmeats, some bottles of Canary wine, and gee-gaws for the adorning of my person when I rode forth— not for pride, of which I had none, but in order that I might ride in good 6quirely fashion, and as beoame the gentleman rider of so great a lord as Sir Thomas Kennedy of Culzean, Tutor of Cassillis, brother of the late aud uncle of the present earl of that name. I drew up my rope ladder all softly and with success, for from the BtaunchionB it swung clear of the walls of the castle, because that my turret jutted a little way over as the custom with towers of that architecture. And so all went well until my bundle came to the window of Helen Kennedy's room. There it was suddenly caught and gripped tight, 6O that I could in no 'wise pull it further. Nevertheless, I wrested with it so strongly, even as I had done 'with grown men at Maybole, till the cord suddenly gave way, and, ?what with the stress and pith of pulling, I fell blajfon my back, hitting my head upon one of the low crossbeams of my little chamberlet. This made me very angry, indeed, but I leave yon to judge how much more angered I was when I found the cords of rope-ladder had been cleanly Bevered with a knife, and that my bundle and all it contained had been stolen from me. I looked out of the window, rubbing my 6ore head the while with my hand. ' Nell Kennedy ! ' I called as loudly as I dared, ' you are nothing but a thief, and a mean thief ! ' She put her head out of the wiudow inl lcoked up at me, to that her hair hung down aud I saw the soft lace ruffle of her night apparel. It was long and swayed in the wind, being of a golden yellow colour. (The hair I am speaking of, not the bedgown.) ? .... ' Mistress Helen Kennedy from you, sirrah, if you please ! ' she said. ' What may be the busi ness upon which Squire Launce Spurheel ventures to address his master's daughter ? ' .' Besom ! ' said I, taking no heed of her, ' thief, grab-all, give me back my bundle ! ' My heart was hot within me, for indeed I had intended to share everything with her in the morniug, if only she were humble enough and came with me into the cove. Now, there is nothing more augeriug than thus to be baulked on the threshold of a generous action. And, indeed, I am not given to doing any other kind— though often enough frustrated of my intention by the illsetnebs of others. ' Thou wert a brave ghost, Spurheel, she 6 dd, mocking me. ' I heard thee laughing, brave frightener of girls ! Well, I forgive thee, for it is a good bundle of excellent devices that thou hast carried for me all the way from the fair at Maybole. All that I craved for is here, saving a brown puggy-monkey wrought with French pastry and little black raisins for the eyes '. ' « I am glad I ate that by the way,' I said, in order to have some amends of her, for, indeed, there was no such thing in the fair, at least ko far as I saw. . ' May it give tbee twisty tbrawn and sit ill on thy stomach, Spurheel ! ' she cried up at me, for she was more careless of her speech than a herd o i the hill when his dogs are not working swestly. Nevertheless she spoke as though she had been saying something pleasant and by its nature agree able to hear. For I do not deny that the lass was sometimes pleasant-spoken enough -to others, not to me : aid that upon occasion she could demean herself as became a great lady, which indeed she was. But when no one was by, then I took no ill tongue from her, but gave as good as I got or a kenning better. I could hear her at the window below taking the packages out of the bundle. ' Ye have good taste in the choice of cakes ! ' s'jc said, ' the sweatmeats are most excellent. The pastry melts in the mouth.' As she looked out she munched one of the well raised comfits I had bought for my own eating. At Culzean we liad but plain beef and double ale, but no lack of these. Also puddings, black and white. ' See, it flakes tenderly, being well readied ! ' she cried up at me, flipping it with the forefinger of her right hand. She held the cake, in order to eat it, in the palm of her left hand. At which I took up an ornament of wood which h id fallen from the back of an oak -chair and threw it at her. But she ducked quickly within, eo that i . went clattering on the rocks beneath. She looked out again. ' Ah— urn- blunder— shot! ' she said, mocking me with her mouth. 'Remember you are not shootiDg at a rantipole cockshy at Maybole fair.' ' Give me my property,' I said with some dignity and firmness, ' else in the morning I will surely tell your father.' ' Aye, aye,' cried nhe, ' even tell him about Maybole fair, and coming home through the wood with your arm round the waist of Kate Allisou, fie Grieve' s lass ! He will be most happy to hear o ! it. Also to be thy father confessor and set theo thy penauce for thy deed ! ' ' It's a lie!' I said, angry that she should guess so discomfoi'tably uear to the truth. 'What is a lie, most sweet and pleasant-spoken yjuthh' she queried, with a voice like Mistress Pjssie's velvet paws. ' Tbe matter you have spoken couceruing tho Grieve's luss. I care nothing for girls ! ' And I spoke the truth — at the moment — for, in leed, there were things I was now sorry for. She went in aud explored further iu my buudlc, while I stood at the upper window above aud mis called her over the window-sill as loudly as I dired. Every little while she ran to the window t) examine something, for the light was now cjming broad from the east and flooding the tsoa even to the far blue mountains. ' Ribbons — and belts — and hatbands, broidered with 6ilk ! ' she cried. ?'? Was ever such grandeur known in this place of Culzean r They will du bravely for me, aud, besides, they will save -hy bick from Ihe hangman aud the cart-tail whip. For thou, Spurheel, art not of the quality to wear suuh ; but they will do excellently for the pearling and ribbon ng of a Barou's daughter. Neverthe less, I applaud your taste iu taffetie, Spurheel, aud let that be a comfort to tbee.' ' Was there ever such a weuch '; ' I 6aid \u myself, stamping my foot in anger. Last of all, she brought to the window the three bottles of Canary wine, for which I had paid fin dear. ' What is this ?' she said, with her head at the side in her masterful cock-sparrow way ' What is this ? Wine, wine of Canary— rather rotten water, I warrant, to be sold in a booth at a fair ': Wine is not good for boys,' she added, ?* and such drabbled stuff is not for the drinking of a lady. Wouldst thou like it, Spurheel ?' She ducked in, thinking that I wa6 about to throw something more at her, which, indeed, 1 scorned to do, having nothing1 convenient to'iny hand. ' Look you, Squire Launce,' she said, crying from the window without setting her head out, ' you are something of a marksman, they say. There never was a nonsuch like our Spurheel — iu Spnrheel's own estimation. But I can outanark him. Fix your eye on yon black rock with the tide just coming over it — one, two, and three — — ' And in a moment one of my precious, broad bellied bottles of wine played clash on Samson's reef two hundred feet below the White Towtr. I was fairly dancing now with anger, and threatened to come down nry rope ladder to be even with her. Indeed, I made the cord ready to throw myself out of the wiudow to go down tbe ladder. But even as I did eo, the glaiked maiden sent the other two jare of Canary to keep company with 'the first. Then she leaned out and looked up sweetly, holding the eash of the window in her hand. P ' You are going to visit mjr father in the mom . '' ing and tell Lim about the bundle and the Grieve's lass. Good speed and my blessing ) ' she cried, making ready to shut the window and draw the bolt. ' I am going to Marjorie's room. The gulls are beginning to sing. I love not to hear gabble, yours or theirs .' ' But I leave you to guess who it was felt him self the greater gull. {To be continued.) 