CRICKET. The receipts for the intorcoloolal matoh totalled just on £1700. People who saw the match say that sumf oleont use was not made of Hlowell, who kept a good length throughout. STurner bowled well, but his] averago was spoiled by two catches being dropped. SThe Nowcastlo Half.hollday 0.0. team met a team from the Bnrwood 0.0. on the Newcastle ground, on Thursday afternoon last, the game resulting in a draw. Burwood batting first, put up 108 W. Taylor 31, A. Wilson (not out) 30, E. Wilson 27, J. Brown 27 being the prinoipal contributors to the score. The iAlf-holidays had lost five wickets for 102 runs at the call of time. J. Aird (not out) 31, J. Hooker (not oat) 25, and A. Terry 10 were the most prominent bats. men, while the bowling was done by G. Hooker two for 10, W. Bramblo three for 31, K. Flott one for 12, and A. Terry two for 34\. Olayton and Ourtain divided the bowl. ing honours for the Burwood team. Gregory all through the big matoh was off colour in the field. Ho was probably never seen at sunoh conspicuous disaavantage -he fumbled three out of every four balls. It is said that M'Kibbin could hardly believe that he was ploked for England. Ionnan has an average of 09, Walters 600, Maokenzie 44, Garrott 387, Irodalo 38?6, and Kelly 20 in intoroolonials this year. Thore is some talk of Albert Trott going to England and taking up his reeddonoo there. Jim Phillips advises him to migrate, as there is not suffoiont scope for his talent in the colonies. Feorris has settled down in Adolaide, whore he will play with the Norwoods. Harry says that Kelly should have beeoon picked in preference to Johns. A Sydney paper says that Trumble is.a lucky man to be picked for England. \His Australian performances are very poor albng side those of many omitted ones. If England were playing Australia next wooeek Trumblo would not have the ghost of a chanoo of being plokeod, nor would Johns. Regarding the-omission of A. E. Trott from the team ohosen to go to England, "Felix " (T. Horas), ie thoe Australasian, writes as follows :-" Thoy (the soleotion committeeoo) deliberated carefully before sot. ting aside one of the fnlest young oriolkotors that Australia has over produced, I have no doubt whatever that two out of three com. mlttooenn seleoted the following flgurss, and lfter pondering to the bhat of thoir ability said, 'Not good enough.' These are the figurres--26, 11 not out, 38 not out, 72 not out, 80 not out, 10, 0, 40, 44, aggregating 332 for nino innings, or an averageo of 60.40 per innings. Thi splendid avoerago was ob tainod against the flower of English fast and slow bowling, and in oontests whlich required batsmen to stiffou their sinows and summon up their blood. A colt, mind you, does this, a colt named A. E. Trott. He wins the highest praise from every man in Mr. Stoddart's team. His fanme is trumpet tonguod to the world not only as a bateman but as a bowler and field, and now the famons soleotion committoe, or, I lhould say, two of them, give him the old shoulder and proclaim him unfit to represent Australia on the rioket.floelds of England. I have seen some queer things done by oseleotion ommittees in my time, but this caps aill. I firmly believe that if the sense of a mooting of Australian oricketers were taken the soleo tlon committee would be absolutely and un reservedly condemnod. The; feeling I have, and I am certain thousands have, is that a representative team hls not been choson when A. E. Trott is deliberately left out. I slnooroly hope that some effort will be made at the Australasian Council mooting on 8th February to remedy this gross blunder." Writing of the team generally, Felix says : -" I do not see a hitter in the team. This Is another blundor. I presume Turner his been omitted bocause his damaged finger would not stand a heavy tour. In my opinion a stop in the right direction has been taken in choosing the fast bowlers Jones and Eaady and I am glad to see that Jack Harry has at Iust got a show to sport hisfigalre on the green fieolds at home. Evidently Johns has kept wiokets suffllofontly welt in ISydney to satisfy the trio or two of them. The biggest surprise of all is to see H. Trumble in the list. In bowling this season he had done nothing worthy of note until the pro sent match ain Sydney, and thitough he has always been a great favourito of mine, I must confoaess I could not honestly see hkn in the team, and most certainly oonmidor that he is not entitled to the position assigned hint by the committoee, He has had two trips to England, and did nothing startling either time, 'Stll, as he has been chosen, I hope he may acquit himself well, and shape better against the fast bowlers in England than he did in Melbourne." At the conclusion of the intercolonial match the players and a number of their friends assembled in the pavilion, and the Premier, Mr. G. H. Reid, who is president of the New South Wales Cricket Association, proposed the health of the Victorian team, coupled with the names of the captain and manager. Mr. Ros, in replying, referred to the hospi tality which he and the team had received in Sydney. In return, he proposed the health of Mr. Garrett and the New South Wales team. Mr. Garrett responded. 