CRAZH'S MISTAKE. CHAPTER IV. MR. VENTNOR'S PEOPLE ATTEND A DANCE AT NEWPORT. Grazia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpose there could have been in the suffering she had endured — what possible good could come out of the network of troubles and trials that had entangled her, tying her hands and depriving her ot even her identity. She wondered what fruit she could bear, fettered as she was, and obliged tp hide from all the world. ' But I am afraid we have chosen a very depressing topic,' Mr. Ventnor continued in a lighter tone. ' I want you to have only pleasant thoughts and experiences while you are my guest ; but some time 1 like to dive a little deeper into this sub ject with vou. it vou will eive me the privilege. _ 1 ' I shall be very glad to do so,' Grazia replied, 4 tor you always give me some- thin j to think ot. < Thank you,' her companion heartily returned, then added. 1 Now will you let me take you down to the saloon ? I see most of our friends have disappeared, and we were planning to have a little music before \>e retire for the night. He offered her his arm as he spoke, and as she took it Grazia was conscious ) ol the same thrill tingling through her i veins as she had experienced upon their | first meeting. The company passed an hour very delightfully with music and social inter course, and the retired, with the expect ation of awaking to find themselves far out upon the briny deep, for the tide would turn very early in the morning which was all the captain was waiting for. Grazia felt a desire to see '"he beautiful vessel leave port, and so secretly resolved to rise in season to do so, Accordingly the first' tender glow of sunrise was flushing the eastern horizon when, enveloped in a warm ulster, with a soft grey felt at securly pinned' to her head, the fair girl stole soltly upon c'eck and fouud that she was oniy just in time, for the steam was up, and two sailors weie on the point', of hauling in the an chor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the white wings chat were to help waft them over the sea. She would not have missed the sight for anything, for jnst as the sun lifted his glowing face above that far-off line, the graceful vessel began to move like a majestic bird out from the harbour to wards the wide expanse of water be yond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene; in the crisp iresh breeze that wasb lowing from the north-west, in the cloudless sky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam and her cheeks flush with delightful anticipation She stood in the prow of the boat, as she. had done the night before, and she was so absorbed in what was going on about he that she did not realize the presence of any one else, until a voice, which of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remark ed in a r.h'eerv tone, iust oehind her : 4 Good morning; Miss King. 1 am sur : I the Nautilus is honoured by the interest you have shown in her movements. Grazia turned quickly, and found Ray- mend Ventnor smiling down upon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in her ex pressive eyes. He wore a heavy reefer that was button ed close to his chin and showed his fine form to the best of advantage, while the visorless cap upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. ' And so you sacrficed your morn ng nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wings,' he added4 while his colour deepened slightly as he noted the blush n .ich his salutation had called up to (i. .zia's cheeks. It was no sacrific;-, 1 assure' you,' she >.i ', her eyes sparkling! with animation. _ i>fed to see the start, and I have en- joyed it immensely. I never saw a more beautiful sunrise in my life.' ' Yes, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whiff of such airas this is better than any tonic for the pppctite. I always walk the deck a hour before breakfast ; will jrin me ?' he held out his hand to her with a lly air and smile that made her s throb more quickly than >vas their wont. She frankly laid hers within it, when lie slipped it up his arm, and tagether they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted soclaly until other members of the party began to join them, 'Grazia found that in spite ol msdigninea i bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown her, Raymond Ventnor could he as merry and jolly as a boy, that while he neglected nothing as a host, for getting not the smallest detail that could oootiibute to the comfort of his guests hekn :w how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becoming the life of the party, and so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. Among Mr. Ventnor's guests there were a Mr and Mis. Macomber.and their daughter, Miss Marie Macomber, a hand- seme girl of twenty-one, who appeared to : be a great favoui ite with the party, She was gay, brilliant, witty, and evi dently a thorough society girl, for she was perfectly at home with every one, and could s imultaneously entertain any num ber of people, with the most perfect com posure. But when Grazia had been introduced to her, she impressed her as being cold and devoid of and real sympathy with her o.vn sex. She had looked Grazia over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passion less eje- ; measured her, as she told Paula in speaking ot it afterwards, ment ally, mcrrally and physically, noting even the fit of her dress the style of her hat, the make of her hoots and gloves. Then she had turned calmy away and resumed her conversation with a gentle man, which the introduction had for a moment mterrupted, ignoring her utterly during the remainder of the evening. But the next morning, when she made her appearance upon deck and saw Ray mond Venlnor promenading with Miss King upon his arm, when she noticed the admiring look in h:s eyes as it rested up on the fair face of the girl, his, eager, ani mated manner in conversing with her, she suddenly changed her tractis, and, the moment Grazia was at liberty, approach ed her in the most fiiendly way, and exert ed herself to be agreeable to her. She attached herself io the two girls after that, while Paula noticed that she appear ed to be studying Grazia, vith a perplev- cd, intent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. ' That girl is a borne mischief-maker, and , woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition,' Paula murmur- , ed to herself, after watching for a whi c. j ' I only hope that my gentle Grace will j not interfere with her designs.' | She tried not to be unjust, but it made i her very uneasy to see Miss Macomber hovering about her friend all that day, and to observe how she, watched every act and look whenever Mr, Ventnor approached Grazia, which he often did, and took no pains to conceal his enjoyment of her so ciety. . The young man's plan was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night and attend a grand ball at the Casino, lor which he had procured tickets more that a week in advance. The Nautilus arrived in pert about noon of the second day out, and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about the city, return ing to the yacht in t me for dinner. ; The gentlemen surrendered the salon to the ladies to make their preparations for the ball, while they smoked their after- dinner cigars upon the deck, and the next hour below was one of fluttering excite ment among the fair sex. Id was a very brilliant paity that left the Nautilus a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all. in Raymond Ventnor's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to-night in a blue silk cf a veiy delicate shade, with beautiful orna ments of equisitely carved pink coral up on her neck, arms, and amid the waves of her rich dark hair. The costume was vast ly becoming to her rare, almost faultless complexion , but her chief churm lay in her utter unconsciousness of her own beauty — in the perfect naturalness of her manner and bearing. ' Do you dance, Miss King ?' Mr. Vent nor inquired, in a low tone, as she was as sisting her to alight from the carriage up- j on reaching the Casino. I ' Yes, I used to,' she returned, with a little sigh. ' Then let me have the first one with you to-night, twill you !' he asked, with a little eager pressure of the hands he was holding. ' With pleasure,' she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at his manner, words, and tone. The words weie scarcely uttered, how ever, before she was sorry she had not ex cused herself from dancing at all. ! Such pleasures are not for me, and — must not let myself to love him.' she mur mured to herself, as she followed the party into the dressing-room. Then a terrible shock went through her as,' like a flash of lightning, a revelation came to her. ' Ah ! it is too late to think of that now,' her white lips muttered, as she blindly groped her way into a corner ard sat down — ' too late, too late ! for I love him already with my whole heart. I, Grazia Kingsley— the wife of another man — love, adore Raymond Ventnor as a man was never adored In Lire, Oil, the sh.ame of it! the sin of it 1 Where now is the guarding Hand that ' makes rio mistakes' ?' She was almost benumbed by the con flict of emotion that raged within her up- this unlooked-for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, m her wraps, until Paula found her. Why, Grace !' she exclaimed, ' why have you not taken off your things ? You will be late for the opening dance. Are you ill ?' I she added, as she caught sight of he girl's colourless face you are as white as a snowlake.' 'No, I'am not ill, Grazia replied, as she started nervously to her feet, determined that no one should discover her shameful secret. She would guard it most sacredly — she would play her part for the next two days with what skill she could, then she told herself, she woulo never meet Raymond Ventnor again if she could prevent it. She must nip this new passion in the bud; she must not fsed it with so much as a laok at that dear, noble face, or by listen ing to a tone, of that rich, musical voice. Paula helped her off .with her wraps, I watching her covertly all the time, and I wondering what could have happened to I drive from her face all the eager bright ness that had been there when they left | the Nautilus. I ' You must do something to those pale 1 cheeks ; you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost,' Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed even more haggard and wretched alter removing her enter garments. 4 Ah !' she added, 'here comes Mr. Ventnor, look ing for us, I will ask him to get you some thing to take' 1 Net for the world. Paula, dear !' cried Grazia, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, as Mr. Ventnor caught sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of colour dyed the girl's face crimson, and Miss Nelson was more puzzled than be fore. Grazia had bent over her hand to but ton her glove and to hide her embarrass ment, and when this was done she recover ed something of Iter usual composure. She cencealed her aching heart with a ! smiling exterior as she went forward to | meet him. ' I have brought your card,' he said, a he handed it to her ;' and may I be" that you will write my name against some of the dances before we go into the hall ? Then I shall be sure of therr ; otherwise I might not be,' he concluded, in a tone in tended only for her, and with a low, musi cal la ugh Grazia cook the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what it was best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. t T T n luarlrrorl nVr»nf T /3n_ J. (Vlil 1IV.IV j A cviu uvvigvu wuwui, , not help myself,' she mused ; ' I might as well enjoy myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush fout for ever this hopeless passion. I will put the past behind me for to-night. I will be a gay and happy- girl once more-' ' She gave her head a little resolute toss as she arrived at this conclusion, then, looking up into Mr. Ventnor's face with a wild, sweet hope, she put her card back into his hand and murmured : '..You shall write your own name wher ever you choose.' ( To be continued.) 