HUSH MONEY. A POWERFUL DRAMATIC STORY Y JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of ."Two False Moves," "A Girl in a Thousand," "The Mystery of Clement Dunravon," " Sealed with a Kins," "By Fair Means," &c.;, &o.; all queensland iuohts reserved. CHAPTER XIX. — (Oontinued.\ I cure neither for alternatives nor terms, " ho said; "nor am I hour to make anv, ft. , plainly and straightforwardly tnat x will not put this pressure, this weight of saonhoo on my innocent ohild. What lias she done to you that you should wish t0 eppross her so severely, and make her HUiIOr for (l fuulfct of tlm nTiafftnnn nf wVielt j , WJpnuifcP It is not enough that tturing all thoso years you havo persecuted mo, making me pay ten times, nay twenty times, over for tho sum for whioh in an hour of ex- treme necessity, when niy wife waa dying of wont, I signed your name. You oau coolly tell mo you have novor injured mo by word or not, when my life sineo tho day we ceased to bo iriondH hns been ono long purgatory of misery anil fcur, only concealed from tho eyes of the world by the continual paying of sums of money ivnioh X was frequently at my wita' ond to obtain " . tw'i?' DldefS0n> yu must bo mad," raid Mr. Wollifl, when a abort pauue in the storm of < the opportunity of speaking. ' No, I am not nind. I havo mini aged to keep my reason in spito of tho oeaseleas perao- cution to which I have beon subjected, but how long I shall remain sano God only knows, if tho saroo system of persecution, tho some spirit of vengeance, which has over tracked my path is to follow the lifo of my littlo Ursulu." " I do not understand what you are talking about— to what you allude Hard and ncvero vc n lny determination to break off all uquuiutanco— all intercourse with you after your own unwarrantable infringement of the laws of friendship, but sinco tho day we lust met in this very room, now somo years ; ago, noitncr by word nor sign havo I inter fered with you or yours. On tho contrary, I havo strenuously sought to forget your exist ence until this acquaintance with my Alati und your daughter has oueo more brought us into disagreeable relationship." It was with the greatest difficulty that Stephen Bolderson allowed him to make this statement, clmfing under it as he war the wholo time, irritated by it boyond expression, mid longing to interrupt at every word. At last ho could contain himself no longer. "You lip, and you know full well that you aro lying, ho almost yelled, so furious was ho. If» as you pretend, with nil your grand airs, you wore mistakon in mo; if I gave you volumes to say on tho nubjeot of misplncod friendship, what must be my feelings about you whom I thought perfect in ohurnotor, just and honourablo in all your denlingo, whon I find you ran lie and equivooato whon it suita you, as glibly as thougli you belonged to the common liord of shufflers and retoliutors." Mr, "\Vallia roso from his chair. . "Thia interview must end," he said, sternly. "I will brook no further insult. I repeat that I havo never injured you by word or aut. I stand by tho letter I linvo written to its minu test detail, and I request you to leave my room." "My God, Wallis, you nro bent on driving rao mud. Will you porsist in standing there and in cold blood assuring me that you did not givo that unfortunate ohequo to Decocq with tho permission to muko my life a burden to mo by his oonstant throats to givo it publioity, and that this was tho punishment you had decreed while you yourself onaoted tho part of lonionoy and consideration." " Silence, mnn, how dare yon insult mo bv suoh suggestions, which are tho mere weuviiigs of your disonsed imagination. Tho oheqno is in tlio drawer of my writing table in the Rue Madaguscar, and Decocq loft my servico about six months after I last suw you. I havo never seen him sinco to speak to, though I have occasionally passed him in the street." " Yot.Dococq lias assured me more than onco that ho is in constant communication with you, nnd that you youraolf gavo him the ohequo," "And are you inolinod to believe Decocq' s word in proferonoo to minof " " Naturally, since I havo boon tho victim of porscoution" for years, and that this fresh pbaso in a prolonged system of torture comes direotly from you." "Nothing will mako you boliovo that I- havo laid no voioo in tho persecution to whioh— you suy — you hnvo beon subjeoted P " "Nothing, oxoept tho giving up of the cliequo and the sotting me free from this now burden you have laid upon me." " Impossible ! I will never consent to Alan's marriage with your daughter, bat I will gladly givo you tho ohequo for an iiBsuranoe that this inarnngo shall nevor take place." " So you are not abovo making terms now, nnd yot you would have me beliovo that, through tho instrumentality of Decocq you huve not nindo thom in the past," ' A truoe to tho discussion of Dococq. He has nothing to do with mo nor I with him. If, aa you toll mo, you have bad unpleasant business relations with Dccocq, that is your affair, not mino, though it scarcely hcciuh to mo as if ho has been much of a persecutor as you stato, sinco only a fow weoks buok your daughter was seen walking with him in tho ChampB Elysocs." "That is probnblo, and is only another cxamplo of tho system of persecution whioh I have silontly ondurod for years." Mr. Waliis smiled cynically. " I fuil to Beo how this walk in tho ChampB ISlysccs can bo olassod as persooution." Tho tono and tho look that accompaniod it, served to irritate Stephen Boldcrson more and more ; ho nnsworcd, speaking rapidly, " I wns forced into leaving my ohild for years in the caro of a certain Madomoisollo Lafnrgo, who is a relation of Dooooq's — I havo sinco hoard that she is his half-sister — always for tho same reason. Ho hold that cheque from you, und if I did not ugreo to his terms my disgraco would bo published. Ever since tlio day I last saw you in this offloo I have boon a puppot at vonr bidding, whon you chose to pull tlio string, and I hnvo come to the conclusion that tlio severest punishment that can bo iuflioted on a man is to rob him of his freo-wffl." Mr. "Wallis did not anBwor this, hut looked steadily and inquiringly at his old friond, wondoring mcamvlillo if tho explanation of those strango ussortious did not ho in tho faot that lie was mad. That Stephen Boldorson had really been tho viotim ho made himself out to ho ho did not for a momout boliovo. It wns not easy for a man of Julian WalliB'a nnturo to ho ablo to fathom tlio amount of persistent wiokodncsa unilluminated by a slnglo ray of gooduoiu that a man of Deoocq's proclivities possessed, and ho did not, therefore, beliovo in tlio Htory, cspooially as ull this blackguardism and dishonour waa attributed to himself. Huw to manipulate tlio now complication ihiit had arison troubled him not a littlo, whllo it inttdo him evon more determined, if tiiut were passible, that bo would novor give his oonsout to Alun's marriage with a girl who had boon brought up in suoh surroundings. Tho outcoino of theso rapid thoughts wns tlmt ho judged it would bo expedient to con trol ills temper, whioh had inoro than onco been on tho point of gotting out of bounds, and to seek, if poasiblo, to quiet down this strango visitor until he ooula in somo way arrive at tlio truth of whut had occurred by. making inquiries iuto tho present career of his dismissed clerk. Tho brief space for roflootion being over, "Boldorson," ho said, "what you hnvo told mo to-day has so bowildorod und ustoiiislied mo as to render mo almost breathless. Onco more I assure you that whatever you may imagine or porhnpn havo boon told, I have nothing whatever to do with tho pniuful por scoution to whioh you allude — havo nevor evon heard of it until to-day. What I ask of you is to givo me tlmo to investigate the mutter. That I will do so thoroughly and honostly you would ouoo buvo believed of mo, but after the allegations you havo brought against mo it is evident that you think mo a monster of in humanity und injustice. It is therefore useless to appeal to your feelings as far iib I am con cerned, but I will have this matter sifted to its foundation." Stephen Bolderson was somewhat shaken by lhe earnestness of Sir. Wallis's manner, nnd was compelled, almost in spite of tho dcspljr- rooted belief of yours, to givo somo oredit to his assorted ignoranco of Dococq's doings. " It -will bo woll that you should do so," ho said, speaking more quietly, "and I shall await too result with imputionce." " You havo not seen Decocq since you havo been in Paris ?" " No. I came direct to you : I only arrived thismorning." 1 1 Kindly ksop liim ignorant for a day or two of your prcsenco horn, mid come and soo mo in tho Rub Mudagusour. To-day is Thursday, ay on Sunday ovoniug. Can you remain as long in Paris ?" " I will remain as long as this business re quires my presonce." "Just so; then we will moct on Sunday, by whiuh time I hope to liavo arrived at some oonclusion about Deoocq's behaviour. Do not, however, bo misled into tho belief thnt what ever ho has done or hiiH not done will havo any infiuonoo on tho letter I havo written to you. My dceision on the subject is unalterable — till Sunday then." Stephen Boldorson felt that he wns dismissed, and though ho accepted tho dismissnl with a bow and without uttering u single word, yet the angor that welled so furiously in his heart during the greater part of tlio interview was by no moans calmed, nor could ho bring himself to remember that tlio treatment lie had received was justly, warranted by bis own aot. . As soon us the door of tlio bureau had closed bohind him, Julian Wallis sank down once moro into his armchair and remained for a long timo porfootly motionless. Tho lines on his fiice furrowed, and tho thoughtful oxprcssion on his brow was intensified to suoh a degree that no ono sooing hira now for tho first timo could havo bslioved tiiut lio laid tho reputation of boing ono of tho most gonial and populur mou in Paris, and that lie wns ion cmmratU on evory festivo occasion. What he had heard and tho painful interview lio had gono through affeotedhim very considerably, aiulliodidnotfecl altogether capable of coping with tho circum stances whioh seemed to ncin him in oil ovory side, Julian Wallis possessed a far moro sensi tive nature than would liavu beon looked for iu a mau supposed to bo liardoncd by oontact with business und constant communication with the prosq of life, for iu hira it had been powerless to kill his affectionate tendencies, his highly strung sense of what honour and justice do- mnud. Years ago ho had received a sevoro shock when Stephen Bolderson deceived him, hut lie hud recovered from it and once moro smiled genially and boliovingly on the world around hiin. Of lato, however, owing to Alan's persistent wooing of this mail's daughter, a shadow had hm_ athwart Julian WitHis's path, and the strain ho put upon hiinsolf iu order to appeal- the happy man ho was not only sorved to muko the change in him tho moro obvious, since his acquaintances not infroquoritly asked each other, "What is tho mntter with Wullis P Has he largo sums in jeopardy, or lias ho u ghost in his cupboard P" Such, tlion, being his physioal and mental condition, tho intcrviow with Stephen Bolder- son was scurcoly likely to improvo it. After a fow momonts, howovcr, when giving way to what seemed an micontrollubld. access of despair, ho roused himself with tho sovereign determination whioli lie possessed so strongly, and which rondored Julian Wallis so ineom- pur.ibly superior to most of Ilia follows. Work lay before liim ; it must bo dono. Ho had uudortakcu to sift tliis odious matter. Deoocq's careor during tho years that bad passed sinco lio loft his office must bo un veiled, even if in ordor to do so it wore neces sary to scok tlio assistmioo of tho police. Huving pulled liimsolf together lio rang a bell thnt stood on his writing desk, and ou the appcuranco of a young clork desired him to toll Mr. Gugo, tho hcadolork, thut lie wishod- to speak to him. Gnge, who had returned during tho recont interview, and hud recognised Mr. Boldorson as lio loft tho ohief's bureau, hud been awaiting this summons with somo impatience. It had puzzled him to know that Mr. Bolderson had beon with tho ohiof, and ho was curious uud anxious to unravel tho mystery. Could it bo possiblo thut after nil a marriage would bo arrauged between Mr. Ahrn and this man's daughter. He could not liolievo that Mr. Wallis would ever allow suoh u connection to bo mude. " A girl who hud livod for yonrs with Lucillo Lafargo, a naar relation of such a man as Dccocq, to murry a Wallis, it was out Of all keeping." Cage had, however, littlo timo for reflection, and he was aghast when he saw his chief, Indeed, lio wns so muoli taken off his guard by his appearance that ho almost forgot his usual reserve of manner, nnd asked what had hup- pened to chango him thus. Bat Julian Wallis was not a man who was familiar with those in his Bervice, howovcr muoh ho might trust them, und oven Gage stood in somo awo of him. Thus he waited to be addressed. "Gnge, I know I onn trust you, and tiiut you nro truo to my interests. Yon will find oututonoe all that can bo fonnd out ubout Dococq — my former olork. I will not tell you tho ncousations that aro brought against liim, as it is bettor you should mako your own in quiries in an unbiassed spirit, nnd with a free hand. Learn how ho lives, where ho obtains funds, and if over lio bus used my credit for base puiposos. Mako use of a detcotivo, if necessary. Spare no oxponso, and lot tno liavo this information as speedily as possiblo, iu the course of to-morrow, or on Saturday at tho latest." Gage, duly impressed with tho importance of tho tusk assigned to him, accepted it reudily. Ilo nlreudy know ono or two things in con nection with this wretched Dccocq, wliioh made liim tliink it would not be so very diffi cult to gain further information, added to whioh lio was ono of those men in whom detec tive proolivities were liitont. Aftor a littlo furthor conversation with liis chief, whioh principally related to how other work on which lio wns engaged should bo trans ferred to his junior in tho ofiioe, ho left Mr. Wullis, who onco mora sunk back in liis chair thoroughly prostrated by this last effort. His fuco bccamo whito, whito us dcuth itself. He pressed liis hand en his licurt, as the ory of anguish ho could not wholly repress rose to his blanched lips. " Oh, Alan, my hoy, why did I send you awayf" Then ho took a small phial from a drawer, and putting it to hie mouth, swallowed the contents. The agony in wliioh he was writh ing slowly gave way boforu tho remedy, and in about fivo minutes, when tlio door opened again to admit u business visitor, Jullnn Wullis was moro or less himself, and the secret wliioh ho had onrefully guarded for many mouths - past waa once moro concealed. CHAPTER XX. undlusinno Effrontert. It had been n brilliantly fine Sunday, and all Paris was en fete. Considering that, for. the most purt, ftuiliioniible people were out of town, it was astonishing how full tho Bois and tho Champs Elysecs were— and to whom did all tho oarriages belong, was a question npt to bo put. Julian Wallis was rarely iu Paris ut that rime, but " Home business had," ho said, " kopt him lingering iu the capital " — whiuh was truo to a certain extent. An insnrmouutablo ob jection to go, as lio usually did, to Hazel Court having, howovor, magnified liis personal dovo- tlou to his business into colossal proportions, which the oxigeuoics of tho case seareely war ranted. Ho_ had beon out driving in his caleoho with a pair of high stejiporH, the turn-out boing well known for its thoroughbred appearance and perfect appointments. Comto do Langcuo, who wns one of his in timates, hud boon his companion. M. do Lungono wns far too much of n boulevardier iu his tastes to stay by proforonco for long away from bis beloved Paris. I'lireo weeks mix eaux, for tho ouro which is considered so ncoessury for health, was tho usual extent of his absonoe during tho wholo 12 nionthB. Mr. Wullia uud tho Comto de Langeao had then been continually together of late, and had gonorally dined togolhor either ut tho olub or at tho liouso of ono or tlio other. De Langeao was aware that Alan had formed an attaoliinent whioh wus exceedingly distaste ful to his futhcr ; but of all tho details of this unpleasarit affair ho was ignorant, since Mr Wallis could not mako a confidant of him without relating liow Stephen Boldorson had defrauded him in tho past. It would have boon well, perhaps, for liis own sake, hud ho told everything to this cupablo und astute Fronohman, who, though a thorough yentil homme, honourable and scrunu- loue, yot nover allowed himself to bo governed by qver- sonsitivenesa or what he called false sentiment. As riiov drove baok from the Hoi. he preesod Mr. WaJlis to come and diu with him, telling him ' that he had ordered »» petit diner Jin which would provo moat appetising, and that he wunted him to try a new brand of champagne wliioh ha hnd just received from Eperuay ; but Mr. Wallis assured him it was imposaiblo ; lie hnd business to attend to wliioh oould not be postponed. . - " Bat, mon oher , it is but a little after six : you surely can be with mo by eight, or half- pilst if you lilto it bettor." " Impossible, Do Langeac, impossible to come to-night. To-morrow I will dino with you with plcnsuro." Antl Julian Wallis's brow oontrnotcd as ho thought of tho unpleasant episode that ho would pnss through beforo that hour to-mor row. . ' ' . Finding that ho could not persuade him De liuugeae reluctantly let him drive off to the Rue Madagasanr, after setting the count down at hie own door. - It was scurcoly linlf-past six whon he entered, yet tho first question ho ashed of the servant who oponcd tho door, was, if dinner was ready. It was not often that Julian Wallis dined at that hour, but ho had a heavy evening's work beforo him, and ho did not want his usual dinner hour to interfere with it. His solitary ropust did not take up muoh time. Mr. Wallis, though renowned for tho oxoollcnoe of hiB dinners and his wines, was himself a most temperate man ; besides his mind was too full of sinister thoughts on that particular evening for him to care, or, in fact, know, what he was euting. It was only a very few minutes after seven whon Mr. Wallis wont into his study, telling his servant that if Decocq, his former olerk, Bhould call he was to be shown into him at onco. The study was a pleasant room, with a window opening into a garden which looked as if it had Boon rocloimodfrom the Pare Monccau, so thoroughly did it seem to form a part of it, and in foot at tho bottom- of the garden there was a little goto opening into tho Pare. Of this gato Mr. Wallis himself kept the key, on his watch chain, as ho very frequently used it in order to tnko u stroll in tho early morning, before the day's work should begin. Ho sat down at bis writing-table which was in front of the open window and took out of a drawer a somewhat voluminous looking document. It was not the first time he had perused it, but he wished to refresh his memory on various subjects contained in it beforo the arrival of Decocq. whoso presence he had requested on this particular business. That he would coino ho hud but littlo doubt, as the investigations, which hud been most carefully mndo by Gago and a detective of his acquain tance wliomho had considered it expedient to introduce into the affair, had been so success fully carried out that no suspicion that aught was amiss liad reached tho doublo-dycd villain, who for yeaiB had been living comfortably on his ill-gotten gains. Exactly as Mr. Wallis had expeoted, the Louis XV. clock on tho mantelpiece had scarcely struck tho half -hour after seven when Decocq was announced. He came in. trippingly, a benign Bmile on his face. It was evident that ho thought the summons to tho Hue Madagascar boded good, not evil. Rumours had reached him that a good deal of extra work hnd fallen on the clerks in Mr. WalliB's bank, and when he re ceived tho summons to call on his former ohicf he was under the impression that his services wero about to be retained, at ull events for a time. Decocq had not seen Mr. Wallis for years except as ho drovo by in tho street, and ho was somowhat startled by his strange appearance. Ho had scarcely got over this wliou he was still more startled by tho introduction of the subject on which Mr. Wallis required informa tion. "Ton remember, Decocq, an unpleasnnt affair that occurred some years ugo in reference to — to Mr. Stcphon Bolderson ? " Mr. Wallis was anxious to sift the matter, yet ho scarcoly liked to pronounce his old friend's numc to this vaurien, "Perfectly, monsieur." ' ' What becomoofthe ohcqno in question f " "Mais, monsieur, how should I know? You yourself took possession of it." "Exactly; so I thought. How comes it then, that largo sums of money have boon ex torted from Mr. Bolderson by tho holder of this olioque f " Decocq smiled, but it would not have required u very farsceing individual to notice that the Binilo was a forced one. "That tho holder of tho cheque must answer. How can I bo expected to do so? " "Youaronot aware that you, representing yoursolf to be my agent, have been receiving these sums ? " "Mais, Motisiour, how could it bepossiblo, since I am not your ngont nor have hnd the | honour of an interview with monsieur sinoe tho timo when 1 had the misfortune to leave your oilico ?'" "So I should have thought; yet you are accredited with tho receiving of these sums at my iustigution fur tho purpose of punishing Mr. Bolderson by keeping up a constant fear of publicity." "It is a plaisantorie," said Decocq, forcing himself into assuming an off-hand manner, "a sheer plaisantorie, no sano person could believe it. If Mr. Boldorson has told you this ho must be mad." While ho was talking his active brain was rcokoning ovor tho sums ha had rccoivcd from Stephen Bolderson, and trying to romombcr if among them ho hnd ovor ac cepted a cheque whioh could bo brought agaiuBt him, though, as a rule, he objected to this com promising mode of payment. "Do you meuu to tell mo, Decocq, that no sum of money lias evor boon pnid 'youby.Mr. Bolderson? " "Pardon, monsieur, I do not mean to toll you anything of tho kind. I have certainly received sums of money from Mr. Boldorson. His daughter has been for years in tho oliarge of Mademoiselle Luoillo Lafurge, who is the daughter of my mother by a second marriage ; hence our relations hava been tolerably intimate, and Mr. Boldorson has on sevoral occasions given mo, when in England, sums of money to hnud ovor oitlior to Mademoiselle Luoillo or to his duughtor." Mr. Wallis smiled; he could not help it. The Bpeoious explanation of the man nmused him. How oould it fail to do so considering that the doaumont that lay before liim on the table inoontrovortibly proved how f also , was the stutcmont ho was making ; but alono there with suoh n blaokguard as Decocq, ovou Julian Wallis, who was tolerably rcokloss of eonso- quenocB, folt that it would be unwise to do otherwise than appear to believe what ho was told. ' , "Then you can toll mo nothing of a sy atom of oxtortion whioh, I understand, has boen going on for years. I had hopod you might bo able to throw some light on the subjeot." " What oan I toll you, monsieur ; oxtortion is a word that 'may moan so very littlo. M. Boldorson may think wo aro oxtortionate when wo ask for monoy ior his daughter's board, but Monsieur, is awaro of tho sort of man M. Bolderson is— ho does not stand at trifles whore money is concerned, and ho probably had. some far-r'oacliing purpose in thus mis representing mo to monsiour." Had Julian Wallis followed his impulse ho would have knooked the ruffian down who dared thus basely to oalumniute a man ho had onoe reooived into his intimacy, felonious though that man's fault hud been. But he remoinborcd in time how Stephen Bolderson by that ono false stop had brought himsolf into the power of mon of Decocq's calibre, and that it woro well to leave tho punishing of swindling nnd triokory to tho polioe, who, thanks to this inquiry of Julian Wallis's, had unearthed in Decocq a swindler for whom they had boen looking for some time past. It was only owing to Mr. WnlliB's high position and intorcst that ho had not already boen taken into oustody, but Mr. Wallis had asked for un interview with luin ; he wanted to find out for . himsolf somotlnng of tho system that had been going on, of tho sufferings to whioli Stephon Bolderson had boon subjcotcd. Novor for a momont hnd ho anticipated that his Inquirios would bo mot by suoh an absolute denial of ull complicity in the mutter. So assuring was Deoocq's manner, so frank, no off-hand that, had it not been for tho police disoovories Mr. Wallis would still liavo been inolined to think that the whole story was untrue, tho more fabrication of Stephen Bolderson's ovor-oxoited and distraught brain. But thore was more than ono ohoquo to prove that monoy had boon given, more than one : letter in Dooocq's handwriting given up at 'ofHoial roquost by Stephen Boldorson, who hail, fortunately, thrown tlio correspondence into ' his valise beforo leaving England, whioh "pointed bo unmistakably to a system of bluok- mail'that Julian Wallis oould not possibly give uredenoe to this man's plausible pleading. Ho 'hhd promisod, howovor, not to betray tho knowledge whioh ho held, so he must go on for awhile with his questioning and thon diraiss this.blaokguurd-io go:and most his fate ut other hands. i ' ' >. : : " Are you una Mr. Bolderson on good or had . terms, that you imagine .he wishes to injure; you?" he asked, whon Decocq had fiuishod speaking/ : " Two men' may he outwardly on' good terms, yot never lieoso to undermine eaoli other," was. the Slopliistopholiim reply. "Do you know whoro Stephen Bolderson is : at this moment ?,";.wiis the next question. . " He is in England onjoying the souioty of a new wifo, whom ho has lntoly murriod, nnd the money he derives from an estute latoly loft him' by a cousin. So yon see, monsieur, that iusteud of being tho.viotim: of persecution and extortion, M. Boldorson is to bo envied for tho good position in whioh ho finds himsolf." " And you have no reason to boliove that any sums liavo been levied from him in the way of blackmail — 110 hush money has boen given for silonco on the Bubjoot of that unfortunato olicquo f" ' " I lmvo no reason to bolieve that anything of the sorb has over occurred." And Decocq mudo tho statement with absolute assurance, while he mot unbluBhingly tho gaze of his former ohiof, who looked straight at him with a staro of something like surprised horror that suoh an unmitigated liur could possibly exist. After a second he recovered himself' and asked, " And tho daughter — is still under the oare of your sister ?" " No, indeed, Mademoiselle Luoillo has been most cruelly treated, afterbeing led to expect— well, for her sake, I will not say how muoh she had been led to expect — tho ohild has boon taken to England to five with this new mamma. Bat if monsieur knows nothing of this domoisollo there aro tliosa of liis family who aro not unacquainted with lier." Mr. Wallis wincod, hut ho answered quietly, "I fancy my brother and his family have lately made acquaintance with the Bolder- sons." Decocq toughed, hut the chief's, tone was so freezing that lie did not fool inolined to pursue tho subjeot. Ho had alwayu boen a littlo bit afraid of the " patron," and, moreover, was not thoroughly snro of his ground. This oross- examination whioh he had undergone was not altogether pleasant,!, and though Mr. Wallis appeared to give absolute credence to his asser tion that ho knew nothing of any demands for hush-monoy, whioh had been made of Stephen Bolderson in connection with that unfortunate ohoquo, yet that it should liavo been thought ueccssary to put any questions annoyed iiim and made him somewhat anxious as to ' tho reason. That Mr. Bolderson should liavo a had quarter of uu hour about tho matter ho felt resolved, and consoled himsolf with the thought that after all it might sorvo ns tho means to got a littlo further supply of monoy out of tlio man, whom it was his pleasure to persecute. At this period of tho conversation there was a ring nt tho visitors' boll. Probably Mr. Bolderson had arrived rather earlior than he was expected. For a second Mr. Wallis had some idea of bringing tho two mon faco to face, then ho considered that perhaps this would not exactly ho keeping his word with the police, us tho outcome of tho interviow must ho that ho know Dccocq to bo a villain of tho blackest dye, thus ho considered that tho safest and wisest plan was to got rid of him beforo Mr. Boldor son appeared on tho soono. He know that his factotum Jules would not show unyono into tho study while ho was engaged with Decocq, though he would por- haps como in himself with a card or mossugo. Ho sincorcly hoped that ho. would not announoe that Mr. Bolderson was in tho library. Tho door opened and Jules entered. Mr. Wallis was about to frown him into silonco, a hint whioh Jules, being a well- trained sorvant, would not have failed to toko, but ho merely presontod a note which proved to havo nothing to do with the oase in point, and thou retired, wondoring himsolf ns he did so, what monsiour oould have to do with that vaurien Deeoeq, for whom JuIob hud a righteous aversion. This little interruption over Mr. Wallis determined to get rid of the man lest the uoxt ring at tho boll should bring Stephen Bolder- son on the scene. "Well," ho said, " I do not think, Decocq, that wo have anything farther to say for tlio present ns you UBSuro me you know nothing of this unpleasant business, and think that Mr. Boldorson lias in reality never been tormented at all." ' 1 1 assure you, monBieur, that the whole thing must bo a fabrication: I ask you how oould' I make use of a oheque wliioh. you havo in your possession?' You will acknowledge, monsiour, will you not, thut you hnvo tho ohequo ? " "Precisely, it is in this drawer," and Mr. Wallis touched tho table, as he rose in ordor to show Dccocq that the interview was at an end. " In that drawer is it ?" thought tho villain. " Then it is not burnt, as I almost faarcd ; it will bo funny if some day I do not succeed in getting it out of that drawer." ,3,'But uloud ull ho said was — "If monsiour requires my sdrvioesin any matter connected with Mr. Bolderson he knows whore to fiud mo." Mr. Wallis fiushoil crimson ; there was no mistaking Dooocq's moaning. It had reforenco to his son's ponohant for tho daughter of his old frlond. "Is it impossible to touch pitch without boiug defiled?" ha thought. "Did this mnn imagine that he hud fullon so low as to use base and blaokguardly moans to free himsolf from uu impending evil, and that for that reason ho had summonod him to the Rue Madagascar ? " Ho must get rid of bim at onco, and on no condition allow him to moot Boldorson, who might ut anjr momont urrivo. To obviato all olmnoo of this meeting ho would send Decocq away by the garden gate. It was not the first timo, as olerk, ho had passed out that way, so ho would not think tho exit ail unusunl ono. " Good day, Decocq, good day, and thank you for coming," lie said. " If at any time I want to know anything farther I will send for yon. I will lot you out through tho gardon : it is shorter, and I am going to smoko a cigarette outsido." Truly, it scorned as if Julian Wallis was learning to bocome a plotter. Ho lighted the oignrotto, and stood beside tho gatc,_ us Decocq, having lifted his hat to his ox-ohiof, walked away in tho dirootion of the Rue de Oouroelles. By this time, though not oxaotly dark, tho gloom of twilight was shadowing tho sur rounding objects. Deoocq bad not walked many paces from tho gato whoro lie had left Mr, Wallis quietly smoking his oigurctto, before ho started in surprise ; a figure passed him, striding along at a brisk paeo. "Stophoii Boldorson, if evor I saw him in tho flesh," ho muttered. Thon he turned, and himsolf concealed by tho trunk of a treo, saw liim join Mr. Wallis ut the gate, and tlio two forthwith proceed togethor into tho houso. For almost the -first timo in his life JHlian Wallis had sought to praotioe ono of those small deceptions that plotters love — but in vain. " Boldorson shall pay mo for this," was tho ex-oloik's rosolution ns he wundorod slowly on. until ho ronohod tho Boulevard Haussmann, whore ho got on to the imporial of an omnibus, wliioh was going down into tho heart of the olty. Tlio threat, coming from suoh a man as Dcoooq, would sourcoly have inspired Mr. Boldorson with eanfidonoe and plonsuro had he heard it, yet, as fur as thoso two mon were con cerned, it wiib to Deeoeq that tho passing of Stoplion Boldorson into the honso ut Rue Mndagasoar, brought by fur tho greatest share of evil. to br continued to-hoebow.j 