? Miss Klizabcth Jane Spenc. a lady who is familinr figure in the Victorian law courts, has obtained leave to bring an action against the City of Melbourne Bunk (in liquidation) in Tespeot of a claim for £55,796. Miss Spencc is cxecutor of the will of the late James Spence, and, according to lio.r affidavit, the contemplated action is for the recovery of the sum mentioned as representing loss an J damage alleged to have been sustained by deceased by reason of the bank's action as mortgagee in taking hh property and selling it at a sacrifice. In sequestration proceedings some time ago Miss Spcnce returned the assets as being worth several millions sterling. On inquiry it was elicited that the assets consisted of shaves in New South Wales " wild cat" mines. • » » The following figures are published in the Government (/nsrtte giving the estimated population of New South Wales on 30th June, 1896:—Birth6 registered from 1st January to 30th June, 1806, 18.267 ; deaths during i he same period, 8596. Increase by cxcess of birthsover deaths. 9671. Arrivals by sea from 1st January to 30th June, 1896. 34.200; departures by sea during the same period, 32.362. Increase by excess of immigration bv sea, 1838. Arrivalsoverland from Victoria, Queensland, and South Australia, 25,360 ; departures overland to those colonies, 24,969. Increase by excess of arrivals over departures overland, 391. Total increase from 1st January to 30th June, 1896, 11,900. Estimat d population on 3lst December, 1S95, 1,277.S*0 ; estimated population on 30th June, 18!>6,1,289.770. » 9 Major 8. Crisp, a Melbourne legal light and member of the dufence force, died recently, after a painful and singular illness, which he attributed to an apparently trivial accident. He went to the artillery camp at Sunbury the Kaster before last, and at dinner one evening his throat was pierced by a fish bone. Since that time he was unable to eat any solid food. The healing of the wound caused a si ricture of the gullet, and it was with difficulty that a course could be k^pt clear for even 'liquid nourishment. Though acute gpstriti6 is mentioned as the inime tiate cause of death, the original source of trouble was the wasting due to the difficulty of receiving nourishment, and for about a year Major Crisp looked but a ghost of his former self. m * » Yet more heathenism—woolly, hairy, and shaggy heathenism this time—with the Royal Park for its temple. At the closing theological session, of Ormond College, Melbourne, the Bev. Professor Ronton! remarked that " on Sundays one could notice psopli watching monkeys in the park, and other exhibitions which caught the external eye," the moral obliquity of which action is. of course of the most horrifying character. Prior to the reverend gentleman putting his finger on this plague spot of infidelity, Melbourne was unaware that such a fearful thing existed in its midst. Who can I ell the thousands of young people who are annually led from the narrow path of virtue by five minutes' contemplation of the true blue mandril or the variegated marmosette; who knows the incalculable injury done to the morals of the rising generation by the ponderous elephant or the comatose bear, or the extent to which the crime rate has increased by the cooing of the iniquitous curlew or the ostentatious grandeur of the gay M'Caw.' And as the latter waB presumably a Presbyterian from his name, his backsliding is pei haps the most pathetic incident of the whole lot. » » « Mr. Audley Conte, who has just returned from a visit to China and Japan, furn'sbes the Sydney press with some startling state ments concerning ambitious Japan : At the present moment the Japanese are determined to have an ou' let for their surplus population. I .was travelling in a railway carriage in Japan with a friend of mine who speaks Japanese fluently, when he asked me if I could guess what a liuin'.er of military and naval Japanese officers also in the car were conversing about. It is Australia," he continued ; " and they are saying you have a large country, fine pastoral lands, great forests, and in the mrth an excellent country tor the cultivation of rice, coffee, tea, aud other tropical products ; that you are like a dog in the manger among the nations, and that someone will have to take a good part of Australia to develop it." My friend also to Id me that the officers spoke about it being a great pity to «ee so fine a country lying waste, and though they recognised England as a useful nation to have as an ally, still if any ill-feeling arose the policy thi y ought to pursue was to send their battleships down south to annex a large portion of Northern Australia. These statements I found were only an expression of the public opinion in Japan in regard to Australia, and when you consider the matter, it is not surprising that a small country teeming with its 46 millions should regard Australasia with only its four millions with a certain amount of covetoiisness. Another very significant fact was brought under my notioe on the way down in the Chingtu. One of the passengets' was Mr. Omitsu, representing the Japanese Intelligence Department, who intends to travel over the whole of Qucenslaud, and thence over the greater part of Western Australia, his object being to find out where labor is required, and where sugar, rice, and coffee could be grown. Mr, Omiteu was provided with complete maps of Queensland, and knew where supplies could be obtained, and the information compiled by him will, of course, go to the Intelligence Department, which during the late war was found, to the surprise of all the Consuls, to be fully posted with details about every Chinese village. Following arc the latest, returns oE the billot taken throughout the colony of Victoria ou the question of Methodist Union :— Wesleyans—For union 9,718 : Against. 1,585; unrecoided vrtes, 1,215. Primitive Methodists—For. 1,983 : against, 191; unrecorded, 128\. Bible Chiistiaus—For, 739 ; ajjainst, 20; unrecorded, 13. United Free Methodists—For, 030; against, 31; unrecorded, fiO. T Kor, 13,070; against, 1833; unrecorded, 1.41(5. The returns of the s pirate ballot by the trustors of church prupsrty show an increasing majority in favor of union. * * * What visions of delight and unspeakable joy are disclosed in a single* sentence of the many thousan Is comprising the Water Commissions (Vic.) bulky report. '• The commission has tiavelled 7,244 miles by rail, 1.H5 by road, and 700 miles by steamer." This is something like a pic-nic—extending over two and a half years. If the rest o* the report is cast in the same straiu, what vistas of human happiness it will open up! However, few people arc likely to get beyond the first paragraph, for to read the whole report wo ild employ a man more than a fortuight. As there is no leisured class in Victoria, other than the civil servants, it is clear that if the Government disircs to have the work of the Water Commission understood, it had better appoint another commission to report upon the previous commission's repot t. An edict or a bull, or something; to that effect, has been issued by the Victorian Chief Commissioner of Police, permitting constables in uniform to ride bicycles. This was only to oe cxpcctcci; for long the sure-footed wanderer of the night has been castii'g glances at the hungerless horse and evperienciog the faint hove that perhaps some day he might exchange the sober labors of kicking doors and dragging drunks up the ltussell-street hill for the delirious tcstacy of turning off a mile in nought or some equally meritorious time. It will bo interesting to note the effect of cycling experiences on those officers who have been most assiduous in the regulation of the traffic. A more liberal interpretation of the laws invariably follows education ; and so it will be in this case. Soon we will see the officers engaged in a 30-mile sprint round the block," while Tim Kcane stands at Nichols son's corner calling in his well-known tones. Ownly furrty noine more laps." Mr. E. W. Streetcr, the well-known London gem expert, has forwarded to a f rieud of his at Sydney particulars of how to test the quality of various precious stones* found in the colonies. The substance of Mr Streetcr's communication has been published in the Sydney Moniimj Herald. He suggests that on a stone being unearthed it should be tested with a topaz, and if the stone can be scratched deepiy it is no diamond . but if a real diamond be applied and it fails to make any mark, then the stone found may be considered a diamond, the two be'ng identical in degree of hardness. Taking, say, 12 crvstals in one hand and some real diamonds in the other, he states that if these arc held in one hand, and some real diamonds in the other, the diffeience at once will be apparent, even to those who are not well acquainted with the characteristics of gems. Mr Streeter does not, how> ever, thilik- there will" be any immediate market, under existing conditions, for the Australiau diamonds, and for the following reasons:—!. They are the hardest in the world, and to cut them effectively costs 100 per cent, more than those found in South Africa. 2. The general smallness of the stones makes them very unsaleable, not more than 10 per cent, out of every 100 carats offered being fine stones. 3. Whilst the South African mines cau produce the quantity of diamonds they are doing at the present time, of fine quality and comparatively low pi ice, and Brazil, which is still full of diamonds, ouly waiting for a small rise to bccome placed on the market, Australia $annot become a leading factor in %e world's diamond production until she can rival in quantity aud quality the output of South Africa and Brazil. » * » The identity of the defaulting Daylesford solicitor, James Edward Geake witV. the man detained on suspicion at Monte Video was fully coufirmed when (lie Chief Commissioner of Police of Victoria, Mr. Chomley, received a cable message from Constable Rogers, of Daylesford, announcing his safe arrival at Monte Video and his subsequent identification of the suspect as Gcake. It will be remembered that Geake was sentenced to two years' imprisonment for fraudulent misappropriation of client's funds, but that he appealed to the Full Court, on a point of law, being released on very low bail, namely, £200. As was expected, when the court ruled against him the prisoner was "urn est-, and his whereabouts remained an entire mystery until a " friend" of his, tempted by the £100 reward, suggested to the detective office that Monte Video would be the most likely destination of the defaulter. A cable message despatched to that port resulted in the dcten tion of a stranger who answered the descrip tion given, and the news now to hand shows that the authorities at Montevideo made no mistake. Geake will be allowed a period of 15 days in which to appeal to the tribunals of Monte Video against his extradition, and, if unsuccessful, he will then be taken by Constable Sogers on board the first ship to London. If, on arriving at Teneriflfe, Hodgers finds that time cau be saved by awaiting the arrival of an Australian bound boat, then he and his prisoner will land. According to estimates, Geake and his escort should arrive in Melbourne about the end of the first week in November, unless they manage to catch a boat at Teneriffe, in which case about a fortnight will be saved. The Queensland Postmaster-General, in his annual report presented to Parliament, says that the postal revenue for lHll.'i showed an increase over the preceding year amounting to £16,227, the largest increase recorded. The total revenue was £158,682, the largest in any one year. For the three preceding years there had been considerable decreases, so much so that I lie revenue for 1895 was £19,000 less than that of 1S91. » * * The anti- vaccination movement iscvidently gaining ground in Geel -ng (V'c )> eight caseB bavin.', been set down for hearing at the Police Court the other morning. The increase in the numoer who risk a Police Court prosecution rather than submit their children to the operation is doubtless attributed to the Supreme Court dccit-ion to the effect that a person may not be fined more than once for neglect to comply with the Act. * a . a At Armidale (N.S.W.), a dangerous epidemic prevails, similar to influenza. The first symptoms are cold aud sore throat, which are frequently succeeded by inflammation of the lungi aud pleurisy. .Several deaths have occurred from the malady. The victims include two citizens of 20 years' standing—Mr. Thomas Stuart, watchmaker, and his brcther-in-lavv, Mr. Thomas Taylor. » * * An action for £2000 damages, brought by Theresa Neal against Charles George Hodson, dentist, cf Sydney, for injuries alleged to be ths result of unskilful treatment, was tried before Mr. Justice Cohen and a jury. The plaintiff asserted that, through the careless conduct of an assistant of Hodson's in extracting one of ber teeth, she some months subsequently had to undergo a surgicaj operation. The judge pointed out that no evidence had been adduced to show that the operation hail been unskilfully performed, and the jury returned a verdict for the defendant. . t * * An inquest was held recently at Newcastle conccrning the circumstances attending the death of a miner, Henry Perry, residing at Mereweather, who received injuries by falling out of a cab. The evidence showed that the deceased, his wife, her brother, and another woman were driving hnme in a cab from the theatre on the night in question, when Perry, who was somewhat the worse for drink, anil was seated on the floor of the vehicle, suddenly fell out and the wheel passed over his stomach. A verdict of accidental death was returned. » • « A strike of box-makers took place recently at Messrs. P. McGennan and Co.'s works, Warrnambool ("Vic.). Messrs. McGennaii supply about 20 butter factories with wooden boxes, and have been paying their men at the rate of Is. per dozen for making thctn, but the firm told the men that it could not give more than 9d. per dozen, which it said was being paid in Melbourne. Seven men would not accept this, and struck, as they say that they cannot earn more than £1 5s weekly, which they consider not a living, but a sweating wage. Mr. McGennan states that the men*have been earning from £1 8s to. £2 per week, and that they each make from 80 to 90 boxes daily ; whereas in Melbourne men make 120 boxes daily. He anticipates no difficulty in filling the places of the men on strike. • r * Mr. and Mrs. Jones, who keep a shop at Petone, near Wellington Hirbor, (N.Z), were found dead the other morning in circumstances pointing to murder. Jones was 70 years of age, aud his wife was about five years younger. Jones was formiriy manager tor Mr. Plaisted, ironmonger, of Hokitikaand Christ church, but he latterly kept a grocery store at Petone, and lived on the premises with his wife. Between 9 Hud 10 o'clock at. night a Mrs. Atkinson went to the shop for a tin of cocoa, but though a light was burninsr iusidc she could make no one hear. About 8 o'clock in the morning Mrs, Hunslow went to the shop, found the lamp si ill burning, aid seeing Jonts lying dead on the floor she raa out screaming " Murder." A railway workshop employee named Go Ifrey ran up, and found both < T ones and his wife dead. Jones bad three stabs in his back, and his wife was lying in a pool of blood, which at tiret pave rise t> a report that her throat was cut,but a cursory examination failed to show any wound. It is thought the woman may have burst a blood vessel through shock, or in tiying to escape. Both bodies were fully dressed. Jone^ body was found on the kitchen floor, and bis wife's in a passage by the front door. There are neighbors all round, but no one appears to have heard anything unusual, Kobbery is supposed to have been the motive. It was known some time ago that Jones was in possession of a considerable sum of money. Nothing, however, was taken from the house so far as is yet known. The police were early on the scene, but the only clue they found was a heavy foot-mark outside the house. A man named James Shaw, employed on the Stopbank contract at Petone, has been arrested on suspicion of being connected with the tragedy. The Minister of Mines has caused to be notified to the Adelaide owners of the Golden Secret and adjacent blocks in the Vasse district that the labor conditions will be suspended for the present owing to the flooded state of the country consequent upon the rains. The Government has despatched an official from the Mining Department with instructions to obtain a special report upon the • district. The Secretary for Mines writes that good assays continue to be obtained from the micaceous formation as well as from the stone unearthed in searching for the reefs which traverse the property. 