FOCAL & GENERAL NEWS WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. The 25th anniversary of the opening of the present Weslcyan Church was kept up in the usual way by the members of the Wesleyan bodv. On Sundav last the Rev. W. Weston preached in the morning to a large congre gation, the subject being — " The Lord Reign- eth," and in the evening the church was well filled, the subject being — " Ghosts." On Wednesday evening the choir of the church gave a sacred concert. A great num ber were present, and the Rev. W. Weston occupied the chair, and explained that they were keeping up the 25th anniversary of the church, and explained that the proceeds of the concert would be devoted to assisting to clear oft the debt on the parsonage. The concert commenced by the choir sing ing Praise Ye the Lord' (anthem) very nicely. Then followed the anthem ' In Jewry is God Known,' the voices blending well t< - gether. ' Don't you Grieve after Me ' (Jubi lee Singers) came nexb, and then followed the solo 'The Holy City,' by Miss H. Howard, which was a treat. This young lady did jus tice to the solo, and was congratulated after the concert for her singing. ' Consider the Lillies ' (Anthem), Quartette and Chorus— ' Oh, believe Him ' (Choral Praise), « Daughter of Zion ' (Anthem), ' Martha and Mary (Jubilee Singers), and 'Sowing the Seed of the Kingdom ' (Choral Praise), were all nicely rendered by the choir. ' The Bells ' (Jubilee Singers) was creditably sung, all the singers taking part very well. ' Bright Sparkles at the Churchyard ' (Jubilee Singers) followed. Then came one of the gems of the evening, solo and chorus, ' Take my Hand ' (Choral Praise.) The solo was taken by Miss Denning, who has a sweet voice, and whose singing of the solo was much admired. Jackson's Te Deum' (Anthem), ' He Rose' (Jubilee Singers), and 'Cry out and Shout ' (Anthem) were then very credit ably sung by the choir, which concluded the programme. A vote of thanks was then ac- cotded to the choir, and suitably aoknow- ! ledged) by Mr. "W . Hnwaid. Those who com-, posed the choir were Mrs. W. Howard, Miss H. Howard, Mis; L. Jones, Miss Crago; Miss 1 L'. Dencinfc, Miss K. Howard; Miss Baines, Mr. Bradford, Mr, J. Hughes, Mr. Young, and Mr, W. Denning, Miss Denning acted as organist, and without flattery we say they are a credit to the church, and deserve every encouragement for their perseverence. The conductor, Mr. "W; Howard, deserves great praise for the way he brings the choir out, and the hon. treasurer, Mr. S. E. Bradford, for the trouble he takes in keeping the choir together and seeing that everything is carried out to the letter. 