FROM COOLGARD1E TO HERGOTT. A DREARY WALK. AN INTERESTING INTERVIEW. No. I. [By our Special Reporter.] When at Terowie last weak I met Mr, Horace Page, whose personality was invested with much interest from the fact that he had travelled with camels from Coolgardie to Her gott, and alone. I asked the browned and bronzed traveller for an interview, but be would rather collect his thoughts, he said, before communicating anything, and so asked me to see him on Sunday, which I did. Mr. Page, who is one of those genial good fellows who makes friends wherever he goes, has had many experiences, but perhaps the last is the most interesting and will be the most memor able. He was once Vermin Inspector on the West' Coast. Then he was for five years with the Government in connection with the construction of the railway from Hergott to Oodnadatta, and afterwards for two years head clerk on the JBiyth and Gladstone line. Subse quently he wetft to the West, and after . knocking about on the goldfields prospecting, fee., for a couple of years be longed for a holiday. The five surviving camels used by the Moseley party were in the West. Mr. Page offered to bring them back to this colony, and the South Australian Government accepted his terms. And that's just how he came to make the trip and escape the tinned-meat and oatmeal fare and innumerable hardships of a prospector's life in the Golden West. Mr. Page knew the country beyond Hergott, and also that on the west coast from Port Lincoln beyond Eyie's Sandpatch, and he wanted to see the 400 miles from Denial Bay to Hergott. The Moseley expedition was sent out by a Port Augusta Syndicate, and the camels were lent by our Government with the idea of the Mus grave Ranges being prospected. It will be re membered that the party went straight across to Western Australia. Mr. Page found that three ot the camels were lame and all of them in poor condition, so much so that there was no sale for them. The people in Coolg&rdie; laughed at the- subject of this interview attempting the trip, but he was not to be dissuaded, and succeeded in his undertaking in spite of the many hardships and privations he endured. He left Coolgardie on February 12, and arrived at Hergott exactly fifteen weeks ; afterwards, eleven wee! having been devoted ! to travelling and four to spelling. In all Mr. Page reckons he traversed 1,424 miles, out of which herodeonlyforty-fourmiles. Thisdoesn't , include, either, hunting up the camels and getting them into camp in the morning. Mr. Page reached his father's quaint old home at Miteham late on Tuesday night, when it was too dark to see anything. Here I saw him on Sunday morning. The old dwelling is situated on the foot of the Brown Hill, and the view obtainable from the" spacious terrace-like verandah on this beautiful Sabbath morning was simply delightful. All around was the . overgrown garden of English shrubs, and the . early rosea on the bushes were laughing every wnere. x rom a nuge aviary came tne twitter- j ing of canaries, finches, and other birds, and | intermingled with the soothing sound of the I murmuring creek. On the fiat the old-estab lished market garden looked green and flourish ing. Then in the distance the plains of Adelaide extended, and far away could be seen the blue gulf, and on its surface a couple of sails shim mering in the sunlight. "When I got upon Wednesday morning," said Mr. Page, "re membering what I had gone through, and looked out on this sight I thought I had been dead for two years." Just imagine tramping for days and days without seeing a soul, over immense, seemingly interminable plains, with no sound of any kind to break the monotony save, when a thunderstorm threatened, the mournful noise of the mopoke, then across miles and miles of sand ridges, and again traversing those vast inland seas, as the dreary wastes of the interior are called, and through bush country which at nights grows creepy with the dismal moaning of wild dogs. Lugging poorly-conditioned camels, dropping down at night and sleeping perhaps under the ! shelter of a hush or behind the pack, then up i in the morning and away for another weary j stage. Damper and tea f or breakfast, a change j to tea and damper for dinner, and for further | variety back to da,mper and tea for the evening ; meal. But, worst of all, nobody to speak to; j the only companion the mute but comforting j pipe. Often did Mr. Page ask from the i bottom of his heart, "Oh, solitude, where are j thy charms?" "I came to the conclusion," i said the returned traveller, "that a man must j talk to himself after he has been out some i time. His mini rambles, and he can't confine ; his thoughts to any one subject for a given j time, and he stands a very good ehanee of ! going mad." Humour? Well, Mr. Page did S not find much humour in his long tramp, and ! he is certainly of opinion that there is not i much of this enlivening property in a camel. ! Preceding a string of them with a gentle j zephyr ijehinrl, he says the lovely odour that ! tickles the olfactory nerves is something to lee i remembered. In the words of the American j it may truly Via said, " I guess and calculate ; one wants to experience the sensation to ' thoroughly appreciate it." Then these ships of the desert grow affectionate after a while, and when adjusting the nose-ropes in the morning they look up at you wistfully and breathe on you. It is not as fresh as mountain dew, Mid one is forced to remark Co me thon to leeward, for thy balmy presence bavoureth not a whit of mide- fteareseenee. A little curried lead beater cockatoo was one of the luxuries of Mr. Page's trip, but he failed to enjoy a wombat-steak, although he tried hard to have this as one of the items of his menu in certain districts. Falling to sleep at dark, he used to wake instinctively during the night to listen for the tinkling of the camel bells so as to know where to look for the animals in the morning. In the north he found it perishingly cold, and encased in his waterproaf, great coat, and blankets, and then, enveloped above and below in a huge waterproof covering, he used to woo Morpheus with a shudder and an ool! The people on the station used to ask, "Well, who have you with you?" and when lio replied "Nobody" they used to ejaculate in astonished tones, "Great God!" "Where are you bound for?" was another question. "Hergott' was the answer, and the enquirer retorted, " I wouldn't do it for £1,000." But Mr. Page got safely through, and during the few days he has spent in Adelaide he has been going about with his mouth open. Such changes as Beehive Corner and the busy life of the " Corner," where he once was, surprised him as he astonished the people of Coward Springs and Hergott when he arrived at those respective places. But let me repeat the tale he tohi me over a pipe and a flowing glass in his antique home on Sunday:— ! " I started on February 12, and went out a few miles and adjusted the packs, the heat being something terrible at the time. The next morning I found one of the camels already suffering from tho poisoned bush. Faiz Mahomet! the head of the Afghans, told me that I could not get 100 miles out, and that I could not travel more than ten miles a day. The second day out I pulled on twenty-five miles, and the succeeding day pushed on nineteen miles to Wedgemolla. I met a friend there who owned a mining shaft containing stock water, which he immediately offered me the free use of. So I spelled a day there. The camels had been receiving condensed water, and the sudden change to salt stock water did not agree with them. So I decided to make one Stage to Binrinya, where a very large Supply of fresh water is obtainable from the soaks at the foot of the rock. The camels now travelled very slowly, and after twenty hours of con tinuous walking and pulling the camels by the noseline I had only made thirty-one miles. There are immense granite boulders here, with if camel 'pad' through, and owing to the darkness, rendered more intense by a threatened thunderstorm, it was impossible for me to pick my way through the rock, so I lit my pipe and awaited the dawn, I knew I was close to a rockhole that might contain water, and was glad to find when the daylight came that I was within a hundred yards of it, and that it contained sufficient for me to give the poisoned camel, now slowly recovering, a drink of some 28 galls, of nauseous compound of fluid, birds' feathers, &c.; This he relished, and apparently derived % great amount of nourishment, as he improved immediately. I was then enabled to push on the other five miles hv 7 o'clock in the morning. There I found two old friends from the north of South Australia, who at once came from their camp, helped me off with the packs, and drew water for the camels. I was glad of that assistance, as I had been twenty-four hours on the track. I was obliged to spell the camels, and so I stayed on the hospitality—I say hospitality because I was only carrying stores from point to point—of those two friends for two days and a half. This place I speak of is Binrinya Rock, some six acres in extent, and is de cidedly the best place for water and feed within a hundred m lea of Coolgardie. There is every kind of camel bush here," as well as good grass. When I was here I met two pro- ; spectors, who had gone from Mount Shenton : to Warrina, and returned via Euela, and also another who had crossed from Mount Shenton to Alice Springs. They reckoned they had travelled 3,000 miles without seeing a colour. They reported that they had left no water on the track from Eyre's Sandpatcb to Ponton Station, a distance of 180 miles. Leaving Binrinya I went out on the track to Eraser's Rauge, and picking up an old horse "pad" round the north end of Lake Cowan I made through some beautifully timbered and '■ bluebush country, arriving at Sinclair's Soak after a journey of one and a half days. ; There was not sufficient water here to be of any use, so I left it for any passing horsemen ■ that might drop in. Light, cold, drizzling rains set in here, and I made slow travelling through thick scrub, "with no feed, reaching Fraser's Range on Friday, February 21. Here water was very scarce, and they charged me a i shilling a head for a drink for the camels. They had no stores here for sale at the time, and I was only able to obtain two sticks of tobacco as a favour. I moved on the same day ' to the outside paddock for a feed, still very cold weather with light, rains prevail ing. I left the ranges, and passed : through some four miles of spinifex and sand, then a short distance through good fped; and after that the country became very bad, the bush being perfectly withered up. The quondong; which is usually bright erreen, and which stands drought well, presented a dead dark- brown appearance. I reached Newman's Bock that night after dark. This is another immense rock with two shallow wells sunk at the foot of it, but the water is somewhat brackish. Water could be obtained in shallow pools on the top of the rock; but owing to the cold nature of it the camels would not drink. On Sunday I started for Ponton's station, a distance of fifty miles. A strange thing happened as J. went along. I was thinking about Horace Melville, an old .friend and associate in business, and imagine my surprise and astonishment when I saw him coming round a bend in the bush with two light teams. "Hulloa, Horace!" broke out from both of us, and we had a chat and the usual bush smoke. Melville told me of the ghastly experience he had had in finding the battered body of a man on his last trip from Israelite Bay to Kurnalpi. He informed me that the victim of the tragedy, evidently aware that the natives were on him, had taken a few handfuls of flour in the biliycan, leaving the camp for the blacks to plunder. By this means he had evidently hoped to get away, but the aboriginals had tracked him up and murdered him. Advising each other tolook after himself we parted, wondering where we should meet again and under what circumstances. I shortly then came on to a patch of feed, and so turned the camels out until they had satis fied their hunger. Then I pushed on till long after Sundown to make up for the spell. The following day I arrived at a large rock within thirteen miles of Ponton's, and found an Afghan's grave in the old camp I had made when I went over from Streaky Bay. I did not feel inclined to camp there that night, so went on another mile. On the succeeding day I readied Ponton's, and the country there was dried out, there being no feed, and but a very little water remained at the bottom of the tank. Although I had anticipated spelling hero a week I had scarcely the courage to ask for one drink for the camels. Mr. Ponton kindly suggested that I should have one day's spell and a drink for the camels and then start. There was no meat of any description obtainable here, all the stock having gone to the coast. At this time, as far as stores were concerned, I was reduced to flour, tea, sugar, a tin of honey, and also of butter, and 11 gallons of water to face what those on the station believed to be 180 miles to the next stage where water was ob tainable. With the best wishes of all hands and a remark that I "should have a mighty hard scratch for it" I disappeared over the lime stone hill and was then on good plain country. I noticed numerous flights of small brown plover overhead going east, and knowing that it is characteristic of these birds that they are found on plains and tablelands after rain, I was put in good heart for the ISO miles. Shortly afterwards I came on numerous tracks of dingoes, emus, and kangaroos, so I felt thoroughly satisfied I was-all right. But being uncertain as to how far distant the rain had fallen, I pushed on late that night, one camel going down twice. I took the animal by a short nose-line, and encouraged bim on, which was no easy task. At daylight next morning I found that I was on the edge of the rain, and by dinner time, having done forty miles in the day and a half, I came to a shed, erected by the Government, with two 400-gallon tanks. These contained about 200 gallons of water, and as the feed about was pretty good, I at once turned out, and remained a day. After leaving this stage I came to the bones of two camels that died of poison on my overland journey. This called to my mind our experience when several parties, including myself, had been obliged to throw everything aside and go in bare to Ponton's for water. One fellow on this occa sion harnessed a pair of camels in front of a buggy and pair—it was called the shandygaff team—and in this way dragged the equines, which were done up, into the station. After passing a few small rockholes brimming full with water I had fifteen miles of. miserable scrub to pass through, and came on to the part of that telegraph line known as the Ninety mile. Since T was here before the Government had erected a large cement tank. This ouly had about 4 in. of water in it, and as there was a large rook hole within a short distance I preferred going on. Then commenced the worst hundred miles of the journey. The country had been burnt out by fire, and there had been no rain except that which had just fallen for two years. There was no feed of any description except sticks, consequently I had to push on as hard as possible. The country is of an undulating limestone character, and so I could only make twenty-five miles a day. This state of tilings existed for seventy miles, and then I had to traverse thirty miles of white drift-sand. In the jatfce.r stage I had my first ride of ten miles. I thought I was close in to Eyre's Sandpatah, but as three camels laid down I decided to camp. I took the packs off, spread my blankets, and had tea prior to hoppling out. The , la.te moon rose shortly afterwards, and then I espied an old masthead, which served to tell me that I. was within a hundred yards of the well I was making for. Not to be beaten I packed up again and went to: it. X drear water for the camels and bad a drink out of tb« bucket myself. I thought the water wag adrittfrick. aiidih the morning I found the trough amass of swallows' skeletons and feathers, and the weUwaaxa tbe same state," "So you had.been luxuriating on swallow amp?" * . "Thai's exactly what it was; the cold weather had driven these birds or passage in for shelter, and resting in the woodwork they had grown benumbed and tumbled into the water, Mr. Graham, an old South Australian telegraph employ^—he teSed tobe telegraph master in the Wallaroo district—is at the station, and insisted on my remaining three days and accepting his cheer. Both Mir: and Mrs. Graham were exceptionally kind to me. My stores were out, and X was able to replenish them from Mr. Graham, jam's store. I met the telegraph survey party, who were surveying the nesv line from Eucla to Coolgardie via Dimdas, From Eucla to Eyfe's Patch the cliffs run along aboutthirty miles back from the sea for about 200 miles. The fogs, which are one of the worst things the telegraph people have to contend with, settle under these cliffs, and the Government were strongly advised to run the line along the plain back from the cliffs. Instead of doing this they have constructed it right under the cliffis% I was making for the next place of interest, an ola deserted station—Madura—when a tremendous fall of rain caught me. and the whole country was deluged in a few minutes; indeed it was up to the top of my leggings in no time. The camels were then unable to travel," and £ was obliged to camp for two days within sight of the station. When I arrived at Madura another aownpour was descending, and I just escaped a thorough drenching in getting my packs und^r cover. The spouting at the back door was disconnected, and the water was pouring into and flooding the untenanted house. This station was originally taken up by ]two partners, who kept a few sheep, and had one welL They subsequently sold out to a Syndicate. This Syndicate spent several thousands of pounds in build* ing a fine homestead with the necessary outbuildings and fencing a greater portion of the country. They sank deeper on" the same well and came to salt water; the stock all perished, and the place was then deserted. It seemed a thousand pities that things should be as they are, because from the top of the cliffs as far as the eye can reach extends an immense plain, well grassed and bushed, while there is a track grubbed down to the coast, where the Syndicate erected a 3tore. J stayed here six days, and used to walk up and down the front verandah smoking my pipe and watching the camels in the distance. Right under the front door is buried an unfortunate traveller who was found dead in the kitchen* a rude cross surmounting the grave. One afternoon I was thinking about this poor chap's lot, taking long puffs from my pipe, when I suddenly looked round and came face to face with a nigger who had crept in barefooted. T never got such a scare in my life. First of all I thought it was the dead traveller's ghost, and then something struck me that it might be tho Devil, and for two pins I could have annihi lated that swarthy biped. The ground was too wet for the cameis under the cliff, so T. made out back on the plains, which were now showing the effects of the heavy rains that had evidently passed over them some two months before. The grass, about 18 in. high, was waving like a cornfield as far as one could see, the roekholes were full to the brim, and it was now plain sailing for Euola, 