CSUMBS AND SCRAPS (Cnr.t.EOTED FROM ALL SOUHCES.) . The Australian Eleven defeated Oxford University by seven wickets. A large shipment of Queensland cattle has recently been sent to Batavia. . In the *natch against Oxford University, Trumble took six wickets for 17 runs. Russia has cautioned the Porte that the Armenian ciussacres must not be repeated. 138 entries have been received, for the Melbourne Cup, and 137 for the Caulneld Cup. 1 Mr. B; Ri Wise will edit the late Sir Henry Paykes's papers for publication in a took. ???'?-. . ' ! , 88 of what under thfc new Land Act are called improvement lease?, covering au area of lyl26,O0C acres, have already been taken w :'.,..;. .?'.??? .'. ?? ,...'?.* '-. ,:?';?;, Free postage and free trains must be worth £1.00,000 a year to the two Sydney morning papers. ' Adelaide recently sent 45,000 gallons of burgundy and claret to the Colonial Wrino. Depot in London. At Perth, recently a batcli of 48 irninig* rant servant girls who arrived by the steamer Port Phillip were all engaged in. one day. Over £60 was taken by the Amateur Dramatic Club for their t»vo nights' enter taininent, last week, in aid of the Nowra School of Arts. A shipload of camels from India landed.' recently at Freeman tie (W.A.) The ani mals are intended for transport work im Westralia. Understood that Colonel Spalding andt Colonel G. J. Airy will retire from the* military forces of New South Wales on th© 30th instant. The assessment notices are expected to be issued wjthin a few days. The date' oik which the tax is payable will be intimated, on the notices. The Public Service Board are effecting a saving of over £37,000 in the Education Department. The bulk of this will be* borne by the teaching staff. A great fire has occurred at LyeN, New Zealand. The whole street was ablaze and. 20 buildings were destroyed. Many families iiiivc uccu leuuercu uuiutiess illlU UeStltUuB^ We have received from Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons a pamphlet entitled ' Th» Goldfields of Western Australia,' being* guide to intending visitors to the gold! colony. Two gentlemen well known in Sydney, business circles have lately taken up tea million acres of land in the Northern Ter ritory. Three million acres are for minirt* purposes. The Chief Justice, sitting in Divorce^ declared that if opponents to the extension.: of the jurisdiction of that Court wouM drop in occasionally and hear the revela tions unfortunate women had to make they would be more than human if they did 1106 change their opinion. ' ? ? The timber getters of Moruya distriefi have been asked to supply up to 200,00® sleepers for the European market. The- price offered was Is 6d. A meeting of timber getters was held in Moruva lasft week, when it was decided to accept tba offer, and guarantee to deliver 6000sloepet* per month. This should mean a. big stir mt the timber trade in , the adjoining district. At the Adelaide Police; Court last weafe a man named A. Radd was charged wiifc&t; ' unlawfully disguising himself with a pieafe of white 'doj:h, and was ..therefore deemed? to be idle and disorderly.,. ,;6n the night, of' May 6 Thomas MeddiV was on his way home, and. he noticed a;figufein white-. em*? ergingfrom the Wesleyau cvnietery.. ^Asia: approached him he heard it say, ' Thoirun Meddid,1 1 claim you.'' He answered^ 'Take me then,' ami struck it with astiefc which he carried. The: ghost ' closed' wit&: him, and in the: scuffle the shpet was,d£&. arranged, and Meddal identified ; RiiddU The defendant was fined 10s: and costs— ~ £4 5s in all. .;/:,--,- Qwo-Kii-Num is in all probability tli« oldest liviiia man (says the i' -NeWfWorfe World). He is certainly ;-150 years' -ol-3£ and it may be that two 'centuries'-'' hav* passed siiice his birth: He is chief of this Squiguamish, a tribe of flat-headed Indians;' who paddle their canoes about the watecs aad tributaries of Vug.jl Sound. For 2^ years his people have fed him on toftdanj& and' other era food, in the eliape of isoupj; But though he wa? sightless, nitnlW incajs* able of inu vsmeiit, he could liearand speaftT He said lie saw the firrt big ship! life* « einemberefl the first powdery-'- Fifty yf nisk ago he -wan too *-lcl to go t*- theX&uqcH; -tVff1' tlie 'l'smalls, but liis KroyJutiruti gmn;Rftu* went, r.'ilk was a . chief before the iiauyoj^ possessed Unori tot point /their «tti roW^witlii/- That; wjis irnore than 1 25 ^«ars *&, m t!i*qr Quo-Ko-Nuiu is at least 150 Vein* iild; ; ^ i ?/.,.?: .1, i;!-,:.! .}.-£.??:'-;. .r\r.U: U~, :??!-?- ?? !????* 