8N-a-i?Shq$s-. C'---. The J5\'1-ni:v Hhiimxh 1-!i:i:.\j.!- oj 'Mnnd.iy l:tst, on the same page, gave the Twelfth of July Orange Celebration nearly two columns, and the Poultryf Pigeon, Canary, and Dog Show only two:thirds of a column. It -would seem that the yellow-pup carnival at the Town Hall seriously interfered with the dog section at xne jJAiiiuiLiuu uuuumg ohuwi uuc --' the speakers at the show lamented the falling off in the deg exhibits, which, he said, with suggestive reference to last week's doings at the Melbourne Post and Telegraph Office No- Popery Scandal Inquiry, 'were hot up to those in Melbourne.' He added that ' the month of July was unsuitable to hold a competition.' ' The ' Twelfth' proceedings at the Town Hall had all the fine old flavour of the merry days of Dr. M'Gibbon, Dr. Begg, Zachary Barry, and Pastor Allen. Most of the faces on the platform ?were new faces, but the voices were old, very old, and the old, old story of Rome and Ruin w as told to -the ??time-honoured strains oil 'The Boyne 'Water,' and 'Croppies, Lie Down.' The Rev. T. Parr, M. A.,' Grand Chaplain (the Hbrald tells us), delivered an address. on 'Rome of To-day.' He said ' Rome's methods were different ; but her principles were the same, and there could be no mistake about it, because from time to time they let us know it.' ? Here is a little picture of 'Rome of To-day,' for which the world is. indebted to a journalist who. has been able to pry into the very heart of the Vatican Gardens. The writer sends it from Rome to a Lon don paper, June -5 1— ? 'The Convent of the Assumption is fortunate in counting among its pupils a ' great-niece of Leo XIII., the daughter of the Pope's niece and a Spanish gentleman. She and fifty of her companions of the members of the Sisterhood were entertained in the Vatican Gardens recently on the occasion of the Pope's passing the day there. The formalities used in Papal audiences were dispensed' with, the ' Holy Father receiving all present at his villa in the afternoon. Refreshments were afterwards served, ana nis iionness Diessea tnose present twice oeiore ? his withdrawing to the Vatican Palace.' : How the orators of Sunday last missed this sensa tional revelation passes understanding. What a theme for roaring denunciation it would have been in the hands and mouth of poor old Pastor Allen were he still happily with us. In their reliance on old materials, our Twelfth of July gentlemen also stupidly let another up-to-date Popish outrage slip through their fingers — one in finitely worse in character than that just noticed. What was our Sydney Right Worshipful Grand master about not to improve the shining hour with a few, well-chosen remarks on the following, which I quote from a leading London daily paper to hand by last week's mail — just in time for the ' Twelfth'? — 'A singular incident took place with regard to the intended removal of the remains of the Prince of Orange from their sepulchre in the Church of the Eremitani at Pavia. When the tomb was opened in presence of the representatives of the Queen of Holland, of Colonel Greppo, aide-de-camp to the King of Italy, and of the local authorities, it was found empty, with no record of the removal of its contents, or of their present whereabouts. The search was persevered in during the following day, but was then abandoned, its futility being recog nized in the absence of any clue. It is conjectured that in the prosecution of some works for the repair of the church many years ago, the royal remains ware removed to another and unknown resting place. Those who had come to assist at their solemn ?Lririuapui i, in umer w uu.nunuur to trie deceased, went away much disappointed, and the comments of the public are endless,' ». . . There's 'Rome of To-day' for you ; there's Popery up to date. I'm not 'going to spoil a good thing by explaining who and what this' particular Prince of Orange was. According to the 'L.O.L.; ' there is only one Prince of Orange in history, and' his name is Billy. It is suffice'nt that the body of ' the Prince of Orange has been stolen by Papists in' a jtrapist country, xjv. jnascni went trom .Sydney this year, to Abyssinia to avenge the slaughter of his countrymen. Let the R.W.G.fi'L organize a brigade to go to Pavia next July to avenge the insult to the Orange institution. Among the other lost opportunities of Sunday last' was the opening for a slashing' attack on the Prince of Wales, who has within the past two months outraged Orange sentiment by winning the Derby and praising a Pope. The L.O.L. is clearly more wanted in England than in New South Wales. The Prince and Princess last month visited that old Catholic centre, St. Alban's, and inspected the old Catholic minster, now in Protestant hands. Here is the official report. ?'.'?'..'? i His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales 'visited St. Alban's, and, replying to an address 'from the Mayor andpeople, said :—?' Mr. Mayor and Gentle men, — We receive with rriuch satisfaction your address of welcome on the occasion of our first visit to St. Alban'a. It gives us great pleasure to make ourselves acquainted with the interesting features of your city, celebrated for an antiquity scarcely equalled, far less surpassed, by any town in the Kingdom. We are anticipating with the utmost gratification a close examination this afternoon of the beauties of your venerable Cathedral, which has recently been restored by the generosity of Lord Grimthorpe, You have every reason to be proud of the fact that St. Alban's was the birthplace of two Englishmen so eminent in thoir time aa Nicholas Breakspear, afterwards Pope Adrian IV., and Sir Francis Bacon.' Fortunately, the Town Hall celebration was not without its humours. Thus, for instance, the Rev. T. Parr, M.A. :— 'There was a time when, if they had gathered together like this, Rome would have had an army down on them and found a gaol large enough to put them all in. There was a time when, because of the open Bible before them, they would have been brought before the magistrates.' The same L.O.L. luminary [contributed the fol lowing: — 'Lately some earnest and well-meaning people had been endeavouring to obtain from the Courts of Rome a recognition of the orders of the Anglican Church. But at last the Pope had spoken out clearly. He had declared that the Anglican Church, with its Bishops, Archbishops, and all the clergy, was nothing else than a disorderly crowd. That was plain speaking, and they were much obliged to the Pope for it. Had he said this about the Salvation Army they might have understood it ; but think of him saying it about the great Church of England, to say nothing of all the Dissenters.' Salvation Army Wau Chy please copy. But, Mr. Waii City editor, kindly refrain from even hinting that the Church of England and 'all the Dis senters' are not in perfect agreement and most beautiful union. The Rev. E. D. Madgwick, one of the few ' old timers' on the platform, came next, and shot off a speech which. must be classed as either very stupid or very satiric. As I have no reason to believe this uub-ueciutsu. oiem; uas a. yiiuu ui.scioi.it; 111 uia uuiuyu sition, I must let the scale go down on the other side. Surely this is full weight, with no sand in the sugar. The Rev. E. D. Madgwick said that Orangeism was a conservative institution, and it was his desire to Co keep the beaten path even in the deliverance of his address. At the present celebration of the 12th July, he said, there was not any burning question before Orangemen generally. But last year the question that excited the most intense interest throughout Christendom was ' Shall we be reunited to Rome r' although it was put forward under a more euphonious title, viz., ' Shall Christendom be reunited.' At that time there was- a great number of excellent people who thought it was quite possible that this reunion could be brought about. Walking through Newtown one day he had met two highly intelligent Protestant gentlemen who asked him the question. His reply was that it was ' Simply impossible.' (Cheers.) Now he found that this view of the question had also been taken by his Holiness the Pope. (Cheers.) It was very .gratifying that the truth was at last out, and that it had come from so unexceptional an authoritj' as the Pope of Rome. (Cheers.) Why, in Sydney, the audience which, assembled in that hall a year ago, by its acclamation of the speeches made, affirmed that there was no possibility of such a reunion. (Cheers.) Later on the brethren again set up cheering in the wrong place. To quote the Herald : — 'Yet the Church that claimed to be founded upon the apostleship of St. Peter now said that the man who sat in Peter's chair at -Rome was infallible,' (Cheers.) Cheers for Papal Infallibility at a L. O. L. de monstration, and yet they say we are not within measurable distance of reunion. But, perhaps, the crowd on Sunday afternoon cheered simply be cause they had read the' cable message about the sailors of the British fleet oheeijng for 'his Holiness at St. Peter's in Rome last month. It is one of the penalties of eolonial loyalty to be obliged to imitate and applaud everything that is done by the men who guard ' the flag, the crown, and the Bible.' Two yearo ago poor Mr. John Cash Neild, then Grand-Master, asked the Boyne Water boys to pray for the Pope. This heroic act of charity, while doubtless fully appreciated by the Sovereign Pon tiff, cost Mr. Neild his seat in Parliament. Later on, the Grand-Master was elected by another constitu ency. Since then .T. C. N. has thrown off his Orange sash, and now sports a real sword as Commanding Officer of the St. George's Rifles. It will be no surprise to me if Captain Neild, M.P., leads the whole of his men to St. Mary's the very first time they are out on a church parade. Parliament was represented by four great states men at Sunday's gathering — Mr. S. J. Law, Mr. T. Jessep, Mr. W. Affleck, and Mr. W. Wilks ; but, with Mr. Neild's fate before them, none ventured to ask a prayer for his Holiness, If an3f one of the Parliamentary quartette felt a glow of friendly feeling towards the Vatican in his breast, he must have experienced a sudden chill while the Rev. Mr. Madgwick screamed vengeance and shook his fist threateningly at the traitors who had used the Orange institution for personal or political advancement. Thus Mr. Madgwick : — ' Some Protestants were professors of Protestantism for political reasons, and such persons were the most dangerous of all. He (the speaker) might even go further and say that there had been Orangemen who were Orangemen for political reasons, but when they found out what was done with them — what became of them eventu ally ? (A Voice : ' They are thrown out,' and con tinued cheering.) It was their duty as Protestants to ask such men the question, ' Art thou for us or for our adversaries ?' and the same question . should be asked of every man who was ashamed that it should be known outside his shop or counting house that he. was a Protestant. (Cheers.) Such men were milk-and-water or weak-kneed Protes tants, and it was the duty of all Protestants to bring to them the question of the text. (Applause.) It was their duty to put aside all wolves in sheep's clothing, and when they had done so they would have a residuum of good Protestants and Orange men.' The bearings of these observations, as Cap'n Cuttle would say, lie in their application. There are. at least, twenty men who have been -placed in the present House by the Orange vote. Where were they on Sunday? Where was Mr. John Haynes, M.P., for instance.? The great cheer of the evening was raised by Mr. Madgwick : — ' One of the great faults of Protes tants was that they did not support their churches (hear, hear), and the Church in many instances was starving. On the other hand, the Church of Rome had the power of getting money out of the pockets of the people through the pains of purgatory. Pro testants had no purgatory.' (Cheers.) The lament that Protestantism has no purgatory reealls a very well-known story, and also one not so well known, with which Curran's name is associated. When the great advocate was dying, he was visited fey a celebrated Catholic priest, Curran was much touched. They talked about Hell and Heaven. 'I'm a Protestant, Father — — ,' he said, 'but if you had the keys of Heaven you'd let me in with out a murmur. I'm sure of it.' The priest pressed his friend's hand warmly, and replied, 'My dear Curran, I'm afraid I eouldn't do much for you, even if I had the keys of Heaven. I'd rather hold the keye of the other place, for then I could let you out.' But to return to the Town Hall. One more quo tation from the Herald. 'The Rev. T. Dunn, of New Zealand, gave an ad dress upon « Is there greater unity in the Church of Rome than ii Protestant Churches ?' In looking over the doctrines of the Church of Rome there was, he found, very little unity in it. The Ca tholics were divided as to the acceptance of their councils. As to the authority of the Pope they did not agree, there being three opinions. There were different sections in regard to the infallibility of the Pope. _ Any one of these opinions would lead to the formation of another sect. Regarding the worship of images there were three parties. Take the various orders and societies. They differed one from another, and bitter feuds existed between them. They had no love one for the other. There was also diversity' of opinion with regard to God's Word. Cardinal Moran said that all Catholics had a right to read the Word of God. But the commands of the councus were tnar tne laity were not aiioweu to read the Word of God in the vulgar tongue with out the express permission of the priests. There was also division amongst Catholic authorities as to what books of the Bible were inspired — what were the Word of God and what were not. There was a disagreement as to which were mortal and which were venial sins. There were four opinions as to the worship of saints. There was no unity at all on these questions. Cardinal Newman tried to explain the lack of agreement which existed in the Church. The subject, however, was a long and complicated one, and he could not go over the whole of the doctrines and point out the disagreements, There was, he contended, far more unity in the Protestant Churches.' Mark Twain has given ua nothing to come up to this in the way of cross-grained humour. Ryder Haggard has not even dreamed such romance, nor has anything so exquisite entered into the palpi tating philosophy of Marie Corelli. To touch a word of it would be as silly as to ' touch up ' De Quincy, or to 'arrange' an addition of Browning for the use of infant schools. There was much more of the same stuff in Mon day's Herald. The reporters must have had a hard time 'licking it into shape,' for your L.O.L. No Popery man draws the line at loyalty when it comes to Queen's English. The supplementary demonstration on Monday evening was made up of pleasant music, chiefly by Catholic composers, and unpleasant attacks on the Pope and Cardinal Moran. Messrs. T. Jessep and W. Wilks were the only M.'sP. present, and, ex cepting Alderman Waine, there wasn't a single representative citizen on me piauurui. j.ne Premier, as if playing one of his practical jokes at the expense of the L.O.L., was away delivering a humorous address at Kiama the same evening. It was cruel of Mr. Reid, and particularly rough on his colleagues, Dismal Jacob Garrard and Holy Joe Cook, to revive memories of Parkes and the Kiama Ghost at such an awkward time. There was only two speeches, one by Mr. John Wheeler, ex-M.P.. and the other by the Rev. E. T. Dunstan, of the Pitt-street Congregational Church. Describing the audience, the Herald tells us that ' all were dressed in regalia, and many bore yellow bannerettes, which they waved in the air when any point of the speaker's apeech struck them as feeing worthy of applause.' The chairman made the astonishing announce ment that ' they were that evening gathered to gether to celebrate the battle of the Boyne, the victory at which had given to the British nation the privileges which it enjoyed to-day.' I Then, dealing with the harrowing fact that Cardi- I nal Moran takes precedence of the Anglican Bishop i at the Government House State ceremonies, Mr. I Wheeler, who must be nearly related to Sam Wei- 9 ler, shouted, ' We want to know where Cardinal 1 Moran derived his royal blood. What claims has I he to go before the House of Brunswick ? Let us I remember the Boyne, Aughrim, and Enniskillen, I and fight and strive to maintain the rights of the j Crown, the liberties of the people, and the integrity I of the Empire.' (Cheers.) I Let me close these few not unfriendly comments I with the remark that neither on Sunday afternoon 1 nor on Monday night, when the Orange concert and I procession took place at the Town Hall, were the I military Orangemen, amateur and professional, in I evidence as in former years. I have seen volunteers I and Permanent Force men parading the Town Hall I in uniform, wearing Orange scarves and waving 1 Orange handkerchiefs. There was nothing of the i kind this time. As a matter of fact, an official veto I was issued on the eve of the Glorious Twelfth. To 1 disobey the orders meant in the case of a Permanent man Court-martial and imprisonment, to a ' volun teer' the walking-paper. The official General Order was as follows : — 'The attention of the whole of the force is directed to the following extracts from 'Queen's Regulations' and ' Local Volunteer Regulations' which the * Major- General Commanding directs shall be strictly observed : — Section VI., para graph 11, Queen's Regulations, 1894. '11. Officers, Warrant Officers, non-commissioned officers, and private soldiers are forbidden to- institute, or take part in, any meetings, demonstrations, or processions for party or political purposes, in bar- I rack's, quarters, or camps, or their vicinity. Under ? no circumstances whatever will they attend any such I meetings, wherever held, in uniform.' Paragraph ? 76, Volunteer Force Regulations :— ' 76. Officers B and volunteers of a corps or regiment, are not indi- R vidually or collectively to attend political meetings ? or join in public political discussions or demonstra- ? tions in uniform. Bands of corps or regiments are ? not to appear in uniform for 'an v purpose without B the consent of the commanding officers pf their corps ? or regiments.1 ' P» 5* S H 