THE TURF. At the Warwick Farm races on Saturday the Brush Hurdle Race was won by Gold stain, the Anniversary Stakes by Glare, the Juvenile Stakes by Valence, the Bank Handi cap by Dalineny, the Selling Race by Dan O'Connor, and the Pace Welter Race by Stiletto. The annual general meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club will be held this afternoon at 2.30 p.m. in the banqueting-room of the Town Hall, the business being to receive the annual report and the balance-sheet for the last year, duly audited, presented by the committee, and to elect two members of the committee in place of Messrs. H. W. Varley and John Lewis, who retire in accordance with the articles of association of the club, but are eligiblo for re-election and offer themselves accordingly. Dr. J. A. G. Hamilton also offers himself for election. Memo.—Members' attention is directed to the following:—Mem bers' subscriptions 1S9C-7, £2 2s., become due on the 1st August prox., and mu3t be paid on or before the 10th of that month. Until such subscription is paid no member shall be en titled to enjoy any of the privileges of a mem ber. Mr. Heseltine informs us that the ballot will remain open until 4 p.m. i On the Old Course on Saturday morning Wahine and DickWhittington were the first to work; they went six furlongs in 1 min. 2154 sec., the mare finishing in front. The Doctor per formed about three miles at half pace. Barter encompassed four turns, increasing the pace the last two miles to a three- quarter gait. Carmelite ran along for once round at a good working gallop. Conscript and Gipsy Queen tried conclusions over a mile, run in 1 min. 534 sec., with the black mare having most to say at the finish. Juliet was responsible for good steeplechase work. Confidence went about four miles, but he did not make any time. The Royalist and Dinthus negotiated a circle in 2 mm. sec. All Fours (looking well) and Angler in company performed fair work, 'increasing the pace the last lap, which was done in 2 min. 24 sec. Jack Sprat when he warms up to his work goes with great freedom. He ran his last round in 2 min. £ sec. Conventioner did mixed work over three miles. Home Rule came home the last of three rounds in 2 min. 4 sec. Havelock cantered three circles of the track. Simple Jim jumped three of the schooling fences, and then worked on the cinders; he jumped fairly well. Playboy and Regent got over half a mile in 594 sec., Regent going on for another four furloDgs, taking 1 rvkin KQ con fA miti ?ihT<4 Virot Meotn»«'o min. 58 sec. to run the mile. First Master's mission was six furlongs, at a shade under even time. Recoup was answerable for medium pacing. Kirkby ran once round in 1 min. 58£ sec. Trout and Kase were bracketed over a mile, run i:i 1 min. 55 sec., finishing together. Radiant and Gaillardia performed good work ; the grey got a couple of lengths start in the last round. The chesnut was ridden all the way, and just got to him as they neared the winning-post. The mile was done in 1 min. 55 sec. Holly worked steady. Strike worked steady over three turns. Cigarette was anxious to have her head, but was not allowed. Barunga did long service able pacing. Sir George and Hamlet were companions over a couple of miles' good working gallop. The Ghost was cantering over a distance. Woodfield was answerable for good sound "work. Electric ran along for six furlongs in 1 min. 29 sec.; Jackeroo three turns at a sound pace. Eaglehawk worked steady. Consequence worked on the cinder track, spin- ting home. Mompa negotiated a circle in 2 min. 5 sec. Fund, Encounter, Orb, and Helena did not work up to 11 o'clock. At Morphettville on Saturday Port Admiral and Pitchery performed steady tasks over a distance. Trentalto was striding along for a few furlongs. Rosedale and Diadem did strong exercise over a few furlongs. Nomadic, Foliage; and Supposition were indulged in useful work. The Golden King performed good useful exercise over about two miles. G. Anderson had Floodbird, Swithin, and Play mate, as also the rest of his team, up doing their various tasks. Nackara did good useful work over once round. Jack Tar did good work. The Idler ran along for seven furlongs. Hear Hear was restricted to useful pacing. 