COMPLETE STORY. [NOW IHiST FCBLI3J1ZD.] m THE CAIIFOMIA, LIMITED, JAMES KNAFP EEEVE. [all QUEENSLAND BIOKTS RESERVED.] THE LAWYER'S STORY. When the California,. Limited, pulled out from the Dearborn street, station on the night of January lj 189—, the smoking-room of the Pullman was occupied frr six tninscontinental travellers. It wa*~ ten o'clock when they left Chicago, and the half-hour following- wasspent hy each man in taking mental stock of his com panions with the ptzrpose of determining if the probabilities were in favour of an agreeable trip. Conversation was desultory at first, but grew'gradnally more brisk and general. By midnight a large number of cigars had been burned, and enongh easy talk had accompanied the' rite to establish' in the minds of all the belief that.they should prove a congenial com pany.- This was comforting, for it is a long cry to the coast, and dull companions would have made a true via dolorosa of the lengthen ing miles that stretched before them. It was after breakfast on the first morning out, as they were speeding across the wide plains of Kansas, that the talk began to take on some unity and to become really worth whQe. It happened in this way— The bluff-looking man iu the gray tweeds, who might have been either a newspaper man. or a pennant-winning yachtsman, had chanced to remark incidently that he followed the pro fession of the law.' And upon this the quiet smooth-faced young man in the corner, whom all the others united m believing a clergyman, looked up with sadden interest. "Pardon me," he said, in a voice soft as a woman's, "I don't mean to be inquisitive, but • nein your profession must run across some very curious things. You are introduced to ' family skeletons that are moat carefully hidden from the Test of the world. Existence, as most of us see it, is a complete affair. If you can do it without violating the bond of professional secrecy, you might relieve the monotony of this trip by telling us of the most remarkable ca*e m which you have ever been concerned. To hear a true stoty will be vastly better than, reading lies." To emphasise his last words the young man closed the book in his hand with o quick snap, and threw it down on the seat. The lawyer glanced at its title before he replied. •' "Icannothopetomutchthestrangethingsthat Mr. Sherlock Holmes had knowledge of," be said " apologetically; "but if you are quite certain a story will not bore you—" He permitted his gaze, as he spoke, to wander slowly over the little company in. polite interrogatory, which brought an imme diate appeal hum all that he should go on. "I do not know much about family skeletons," he said, by way of prelude, but this isjperbaps the'next thing to one—a ghost story. Doubtless you have all heard of plenty of tales of' ghosts, but this differs from others of its kind in the fact that it is a ghost story—with, the ghost left out. At least the ghost is not in it to the extent that he should be by rights. "It is about a client of mine," he continued, 1 warming to his work as he saw the look of interest and expectancy deepening ou the face i of his hearers, "who sued for the possession of ; a ghost he clamed to have bought, hut which had uot been delivered. "It happened when I was younger than now. I was practicing in an old town in western Massachusetts. Bound about were a good many estates that had once been the homes of families who were more or less notable m their day. But the mutabilities of time had ' brought impoverishment and degeneration, and one by one these homes came under the hammer and passed into stranger hands. You know liow such things go—for a song, \- always. So it was with a good deal of surprise that I learned one day that the Richardson place, as it was knowu through the county, had been sold for a very large sum—for quite as mncb, in fact, as it would have brought in its palmiest days, although now it was a very dilapidated old ruin. The wonder of the matter'was the. greater as the family waa extinct, except for a minor and poverty-stricken branch, dead too to family pride, so that senti ment could have played no port in the pur chase. ■** . "I must go back a little and tell you that the houso had long had the uncanny reputa tion of bring haunted—a reputation, you may be sure, that was not at all calculated to add to its market value. There was a tale of Rome. treasure hidden about or beneath it, and a ghost that walked at midnight- and pointed with white finger toward the spot where it was. "Whatever value the treasure story may have given to the house it was duly discounted by the ghost that kept guard over it. "The legend' back of all this was that the treasure had been hidden by a certain miserly old Richardson along way back to keep it from the reach of his runagate, spendthrift son. And the son had killed the father for his refusal to discover the hiding place. From that day. on the murdered man hud walked, and his ghostly self ever pointed toward the spot which he had given up his life to keep secret. ' " Foolish as it may seem, this was the reason my client had plunged so wildly in haying the place. He bdieved in ghosts, and expected this one to reveal the treasure io him. But after spending a month in the house and watching every night for the appearance of the spook; without avail, he decided that the tale was a' pure fabrication, and came to mo to secure redress* "Upon investigation I found that the agent . had really sold the place as haunted. This my \- . client had been wise enough to have appear in ' the description in the deed-of sale. As the majority of men do not believe .in the existence of ghosts I thought it would be easy enough to recover before a jury the amount which my dienthad paid. ; * " I will not. worry you with the details of the case. '•"•When it came to' trial the, attorney for the defence insisted that the jury should judge for themselves, noC from the evidence produced • in court, but hy "ocular evidence on the spot—' whether or not the ghost was there. And to this demand the judge assented, and I myself Was nothing loth. "The jury, my ©bent, the. attorney.for the defence and myself arranged to spend a night, in the house to determine whether or not the . ghost appeared as advertised; We were all very, jocular about itj except the other at torncy. -He was .serious and composed, and'. . towardsmidnight his imperturbable gravity • began to hare some effect upon us. At half : past eleven we filed into the room where the •Shade was said to rendezvous. "We had no ■ lights and had agreed to keep. perfect silence, and so give the ghost every show. The night was intensely dark, and a steady rain was falling, and we could hear it beat upon the roof. •"We had been in the room but a few minutes •when the stillness began to grow oppressive. It seemed unnatural that fifteen strong, wide awake men should keep such absolute silence. " Presently the voice of the other attorney was beard deep and measured: ' Keep your eyes fixed on the door through which we came. : It always enters from that direction. • It will r be clothed in white, and its arm will point straight ahead. Watch.' • • "For the first time my confidence in myself began to weaken. I found myself seriously, considering .the possibility of ghosts. How long I remained in this state I do not know, but suddenly X saw distinctly a horrible white something loom up before me. I tried to hold on to myself, to reason away what I knew to be only a trick of the imagination, but in , spite of all I felt the cold perspiration start out . upon my face, and I knew my knees were shaking under me. What I would have done, if left to my volition I will not undertake to say. A low moan on my right—a cry of fear . upon the other side, and then a rush and scurry of feet—and a moment later we stood huddling together in. the rain outside, and the ghost haa proved his existence and had the premises to himself—and my client had lost his' case." There was a moment's silence as the story-teller finished. Then the young man who had set him going said. " But he fonnd his ghost? Was he not satisfied ?" "That was the most curious part of it?" replied the other; "the ghost never appeared again." - _ The young man waited for him to speak further. And when he did not, he asked: ; "Have yon any theory?" : • 44 Yea., I explain it in the same way as I do. the tricks of the Fakirs and Yoghis of the east. . The other attorney was an hypnotist. He • played npon the imaginations as on a harp of a thousand strings." - The young man fidgeted alittlein his seat. The lawyer noticed this,, and turned to him blandly. ^ . ■ S "Have'yoa any. other questions?" - 44 If yon will pardon me—one." ' 44Go ahead." • 'r; ' "• ■ "Is this a feme story ?V -v . 41 It is a plain nnvarnished tale; a recital of > laeis." ' V v '.. • " Good. liet ns have nothing but trne stories; • until we reach the coast." . f :• ' > * From this remark his fellow passengers con . eluded more than ever that he was ii , clergy . man, and - not versed in the wicked ways of the ' • world.- '• V • v ■' 