AN AWFKL FIVE MINUTES. Between the old and new ends of a certain Somersetshire village stands a church, surrounded by a churchyard, about which ghosts and other stories are discussed by the superstitious inhabitants of the said village. Dogs with saucer-like eyes and clanking chains, and shrouded figures sitting in their ghostly ma jesty on the churchyard gates, form the snbjects for talk, and half of the villagers are kept in constant dread by the other half, who profess to have seen the strange sights they discuss. Along the top of the wall that separates the churchyard from the road, and which is about four feet high, are planted yew trees, laurels, and other evergreens. Having oc casion one evening to remain at the top end of the village rather later than usual, the writer experienced on going home a very uncomfort able five minutes. I had left the cottage behind me, and was deeply thinking of the tales told anent the churchyard, when all or a sudden, as I came abreast of the wall, the blood was. sent rushing rapidly through my veins, for I heard a footstep on the top of the wall, which is on a level with the grave yard. and the branches of the ever greens came together with a crash, while I distinctly saw two shining eyes and the dim outline of a huge form. My hair stood on end, and j drops of perspiration conrsed each | other down my frightened visage. I did not stop to inquire if it were "a spirit of health or goblin damned." or whether its " intents were wicked or charitable," but took to my heels and ran till I reached the bottom of the next hill, where the friendly lights of a shop window and the sound of human voices somewhat reassured me. I told my tale, and my blanched cheeks and trembling frame con firmed it but none of tbose to whom I unburdened myself felt at all in clined to investigate the affair. Next morning I laughed heartily over my fright. The cause of all this commotion, I found out, was the vicars' donkey, which had been turned into the churchyard to crop : the grass growing therein. Neddy had taken into his mouth some of the trees, and as he bit them off the branches sprang back into their places, causing the noise I beard, while the eyes I saw belonged to the donkey. 