SPORTING. SPORTING NOTES. By Tim Whiffles. An early remindei is given to owners aud trainers that nominations for tbe Wagga Cup, FirBt Hurdle Ruce and Steeplechase to be run at the M.T.C. Spring meeting are due for lodgment not later than 9 o'clock on Friday, 30th October. A Sovereign covers cost of nomination in each race. There was very little business transacted at the betting clubs in Melbourne on Satur day night. Ncwbaven performed a good / gallop on Saturday morning which caused I him to harden fjr the Derby, one backer accepting £500 to £400. For the double, Derby and Cup, £5000 to £75 wae taken about Newhaven and Pivot. Caulfield Cup of IBM is now an event of past hiBtory, and although the winner, Cremorne, was not a popular fancy, and consequently started at long odds, still the fielders will not reap any great harvest on tbe race, as Cremorne was backed off and on for tbe last couple of months at long prices. Quite a eentingent of Sydney sportsmen as well as patrons of Allsopp's liable 44 stood' the lanky son of Glorious, i In addition he was coupled with all or nearly ! all the good chance Melbourne Cup horses in big doubles eo that the double eventers stand a good chance of being ' struck.' With every Cup meeting are associated stories which go to show how fickle are the way6 of fortune, end by what simple means thousands of pounds are lost -tnd won. A striking case has to be recorded over the CauJfield Cup. Some weeks ago in the Vic torian Club a well-known natron of a Caul field stable took £1000 to £40 about Cre morne and saved with his traiuer, who had backed Straighlfire, £50. Ciemorne's per formance in the Toorak Handicap did not please the backor, and although he was assured that the 6on of Glorious was doing good work on the track, he did not like the bet, and offered the bookmaker from whom he had taken it £20 to scratch it. However, the pencilier refused, thinking Cremorne hud ? no chance, but when settliug takes place, he is likely to regret that he did not accept the prollered £20. However, the bookmaker in question has a substantial b^g. and £1000 taken from it is hardly likely to seriously hurt him. Iu winning the Caulfield Cup under 8st 91b Cremorue registered an excellent per formance, when one comes to consider that he ie now an eight- year-old gelding — an age at which race bosses are commonly supposed to have outlived their sphere of usefulness. Yet, notwithstanding his age, Cremorne turned up trumps on Saturday, and shewed that he is entitled to be regarded, if not the best, at least, one of ;he best of the Glorious tribe. Cremorue is by Glorious (son of Vic torious and Letty West; from Nea, one of the maree owned by Sir Hercules Robinson when Governor of this colony. Nea is by Lord of Linne from Hebe, by Magus from Lallah Rookh, and although his pedigree on his dam's side cannot be classed as aristo cratic, still it contains good old fashioned strains. Cremorne's initial success on the turf was gained in 1890, when as a two-year-old he won tbe Sires' Produce Stakes at the Wagga Cup meeting of that year. Sportsmen who recollect the events of that meeting will no doubt remember Cremorne's defeat in the Foal Stakes run on the second day. In the race in question only three ran : Cremorne, Thirlmere (a colt then trained by Tom Pay ten) and Associate, it being the latter's first appearance under colours. When tbe Aug fell Cremorne and Thirlmere jumped oil and their riders adopted the cutting game. The pair led Associate hulf a dozen lengths at the turn near the hill and when in the line for home it seemed that Associate hudn't a ghost of a show. The pace feet by the leaders ! told on tlmm in the battle to the winning | post, and the despised outsider, Associate, who had watched the proceedings froui afar, took a hand half way down the running, and W. Curran, putting in one of his gallery I fi.iieliett, landed Associate home a length winner from Thirlmere, Cremorne finishing last. Out of fifty-seven starts Cremorne has passed the judge first on 11 occasions, his chief successes being gained iu the autumn of 1893, when he displuyed more than aver age ability. During that period bo won the | Rosehill Saxonia Handicap, G furlongs, i carrying 8st 41b ; Playmate 7st 'Jib being second, and Anagram Git llib third. Won Welter Mile at same meeting, carrying lOst, and running the trip in lmin. 44£sec. At the A J.C. autumn meeting he carried 8st 21b to victory in the Doncaslcr Handicap, Alex I ander Tat 101b and Pharamond Tst being the I runners-up, the mile being got over in lmin. 41sec. Won All- aged Stakes, 1 mile, with bat 111b; Ruskinite Gat 131b beiug second, and Paris 8st 121b third. Time, 1 min. 41£ sec. Won Final Handicap, 1£ miles, with 9st 81b in the saddle, in 2min. lOsec ; Sham rock 7st 121b being second, and Mess Rose 9st third. Won the Birthday Cup, 1£ miles, carrying 9dt 91b, in 2miu. 38£sec.; Gingham 7st 41b being seeond, and Bodkin Gst 91b | third. After kthat sequence of victories Cre morne lost his form, and did not gain a winning bracket aa a five or six year old, and last season he did not carry silk at all, and his Caulfield Cup is therefore his only win since he 41 donkey beat' the field opposed to him in the Birthday Cup of 1693. Since 1861, when the Caulfield Cup was first run, only two geldings have won, Paris twice, and Cremorne. Two colts, Little Jack and Waterfall, and two mares, Blink Bonny and Grace Darling, have won, so that nine times the race has been won by horses. For eight years in succession—from 188G to 1693 — the race was won by a 5-year-old. Le Varand Merman seem to have been the unlucky horses of the race. Tbe bump the former got at the turn probably lost him the race, though it is worth remembering that Cremorne was interferred with in the scrim mage which appeared to have taken place there. Merman lost considerable ground at the start, but for which, on his running, he must have been a very hard horse to beat. The great disappointmeht was Duhallow. With the exception of Hopscotch and Reso lute, he carried more money than any horse in the race, yet he ran wretchedly, never ! once getting within hail of the leaders. Following upon the Iosb of their favourite steeplechaser, Dungan, Messrs. Manifold Bros, had tbe misfortune to lose Waterloo, a full brother to the deceased champion. Waterloo come to grief whilst running in the Steeplechase at Caulfield on Saturday and breaking his leg had to be destroyed. Waterloo was a very fair performer and gave promise of furnishing into a good horse over timber. Writing anent tbe disqualification of Miss Tranter for suspicious running in the Hurdle Race at Caulfield on Saturday the Arfjus Bays : — 41 Miss Tranter occupied a rearward position for the greater part of the journey, her jockey riding a make-believe race that was very amusing to witness- Evidently the rider had formed the idea that the stewards were blind, but when he returned to the weighing-yard he discovered that they had not been deceived. A clumsier atteunt to prevent a horse from winning was never Been on a racecourse, and the stewards, without much ado, disqualified tho rider R. Smith, together with the mare and her owner and trainer, J. Smith, for 12 months. If the stewards erred, it was on the side of leniency.' Charge seems to be coming into favour for the V.R.C. Derby. The Carbine colt's con nections are reported to be sweet on his chance of downing Newhaven, The Officer and Co. The Wagga Cup sweep is, 60 I understand, filling spendidly, and it is thought that the whole of the 5000 tickets will be applied for. To make an attempt at the present juncture to pick the Melbourne Cup in half a-dozen tries, I would 6tand the following : — The Skipper, Broken Hill, The Merry Boy, Dreamland, Pivot and the V.R.C. Derby .winner whatever that may be. 