EUCHRED. A TALE OF THE OLD MINING DAYS. - FOR THE ' SUNDAY TIMES.' (BY ' COOYAL.') YES a euchre will put H Xi-vw§7 ine ou^»' fch® man ** dealing th® cards. \C\ U0\ '-A-n-i me. too,' re IKw\j^n i°ined woman w^° r\\\\\\#y| r flv\L safc °PPos^e him, and ^j|p^{| ^ q\ w^° *mPP0ned ^is -^JC P .J J They were the only t ' a / ' persons in the room, and j i j L they were engaged, at i LJ half- pasb ten o'clock at ** night, in a game for a Stake which involved the happiness of both. ' Spades ! that's my color,' said the man, gleefully, though a minute later his brows puckered up in vertical wrinkles between the eyebrows iand a scowl settled on the handsome, devil-may- care face. .His partner noticed it, and smiled. It was a ghastly smile, however, for the rich, natural color had left a face that was lovely in the extreme, and for the nonce it was haggard and careworn. Her lips were bloodless, and the woman seemed to be laboring under some great excitement. For fully five minutes did she consider ?what to do ; and the man irritably asked ?what she was thinking about. Nothing much,' was her quick re joinder, biting her lips as she said so, for. she had been thinking a great deal in those five 'minutes. -Nob only had she thought of the last two years of her life, but she had endeavored to peer into the future, if the game she was then playing should go against her. But no sign should he see if she could help it that the result troubled her in the least. And the man's frown grew more pro nounced, and that handsome dark face became more demoniacal in its sinister ?workings of . nose and ? moustache, which reminded her as she looked at him of Mephistopheies in the opera of Faust, and Bhe laughed as the thought struck her. ' Why doijo.u. laugh ?' he asked, snap pishly. affair such a laughing matter to yfii-that you cannot be serious for a.few v4pS^a'?' .Why don't you pass, if you're gc'S'g- 'to ?' ? ? 'No, I d&i;'ts think I will,' she said, quickly, for -ft occurred to her that he had but an indifferent hand. She had intended to pass, but 'fakihg her cue from his doubt ful expression, she resolved to do other wise. Still she hesitated to say the word which might possibly give her husband the game ; and only for his jibing sneer she ?would probably have left it to him to make the game or turn down the card. ' Take it up ! ' she whispered scarcely above her breath, for her mouth and throat were parched. The man smiled sardonically, for he held the right bower, ace, queen and ten of trumps, and the king of clubs. Her hand was composed of the joker, left bower and king of trumps, the ace of hearts and ace of diamonds. Of course she played her joker, to which he played the ten; then she played ace of hearts, which he took with his queen of trumps, and fol lowed with the right bower, upon which, having to follow suit, she placed her king of trumps, which made him two points ; he then threw down the king of clubs, which she' took with her left bower, and led again with the ace of diamonds, to find it covered by the ace of trumps. 'Euchred!' cried the man, springing to his i'eet and laughing wildly, while she sat cowering in her chair, pale as a ghost, but with her lips compressed and her eyes glittering in a peculiarly uncanny manner. 'Now, Mrs. Kuriston, you will please clear out. I have won the game fairly, this house and all that's in it — according to the terms agreed upon by both — is mine, and it is past 11 o'clock. Let me escort you to the door,' and John Kuriston's face was the embodiment of craft and cruelty. She rose from her seat, placed her hands to her brow, and stood — almo'st staggering — for a moment, but at the sound of his taunting voice as he stood at the street door calling her to ' hurry up as the wind was cold,*' she straightened herself to her full height and sailed past him in dignified silence. ?' W hat ! Do you leave like that ? Well, so long; let me know where you hang out and I'll send your personal belongings to you.' She turned at the bottom of the steps and faced him, and as the flare of the gas lamp revealed her upturned face he almost relented, for he thought she had never ap peared so beautiful. ' John Kuriston, listen ! I want nothing from you. You have nothing, nor have I, for if everyone had their own that house would be empty. You have squandered your own and miue, too. S'ou have gained your point and I am home less and penniless, but I caunot be seized for debt or theft, which you may be to-morrow. I am euchred to night, but I do not envy you your victory ; it will be short-lived, and we may yet play another game, when I perhaps may be able to cry ' Euchre !' ' She turned upon her heel, and the next minute wag out of sight, while he stood holding the door, and grinding hi3 teeth with suppressed passion. John Kuriston was a passionate man; a man of no principle, a braggart, a black leg, and a coward — albeit, he had the face of a demi-god. Kat'nerine, his wife, was probably the finest-looking woman in the town. Tall, full and graceful in figure, with a fair Australian face, as regular as a Greek maiden's of the olden time; with a mass of golden hair wound, about her shapely head, and lustrous eyes of the clearest blue. These two had come together in a strange way — in a strange way they had parted. They had met at Forbes, then in the zenith of its bright, golden days. He was a rich claim- holder; she pianiste at the ? hotel. Kate Meaburn was not endowed with an excessive amount of sentiment, and was lacking in many womanly qualities which most men like to find in their wives. Bub she was not utterly heartless ; and any one of the dozen men who had offered her marriage would have recognised her good points, and made her a happier wife than John Kuriston had done. But the fellow was so handsome, so insinuating in his ways, and withal such an excellent dancer, that she fell a victim to his wiles almost without knowing it. Still, he had to win her, for the other fellows were very pressing, and were really all good matches. So it was decided by a waltzing contest. Kate had frequently waltzed the best dancers until they fairly dropped, but in Kuriston she met her match. She had won heaps of money in these waltzing con tests, but at last she lost herself to John Kuriston. Her other admirers were mad, and if. she had only said the word they would have done mortal mischief to the 'handsome devil,' as they used to call him, 'of the old Eureka' (the name of his claim). But as Kate stuck to her bargain the fellows mustered up on her wedding day and gave them a big send-off, for they left after the wedding for Sydney, Kate carrying with her a small fortune in gold and notes and jewellery, which these big-hearted fellows had given her. Kuris ton's claim paid him over J&100 a week for along time, aud what with cash in hand and Kate's savings — which were consider able — they; liVed in considerable style in a fashionable suburb. But in less than three months they tired of 'each other. She found him out in several mean tricks, and therefore despised him ; while he, having no stability- of character, and not the remotest idea of honor* found solace in other quarters— which Kate learned in due course. Kuriston did nothing but spend money, and Kate, left to herself, was equally extravagant, though not as vicious. And so matters went on until they hated each other fiercely, ruin stared them in the face, and the game of euchre parted them. A year later a man was admitted into the ? hospital. His leg was broken, and some other damages done to his' anatomy — he had been run over by a carriage and pair in College-street. He was in a dilapi dated condition, and his body dirty and badly nourished. When he came to his senses, after the house-surgeon had set the broken limb, ' he gave his name as John Kuriston, residence — the Domain. The carriage that ran over him was owned by the ' Honorable ' Mrs. Flammarian, who resided at Double Bay. About a week after the accident the Hon. Mrs. Flammarian called to see the sufferer, who, being now clean and well cared for, was rather an interesting patient. The lady had sent a servant every day to enquire how the ' poor man ' was getting on ; but to-day she sits at the bedside and talks to the white -faced invaUd most affably; and she thinks she has never seen so handsome a face. In fact, within her heart of hearts tho Hon. Mrs. Flammarian, of Double Bay, is half in love with John Kuriston, of the Domain. Her visits to the injured man become frequent. When he is convalescent the lady drives him away in her carriage — not to Double Bay, but the Railway Station ; there puts him into a first-class carriage, and sends him off to her country seat up the Southern line. Here John Kuriston recuperates — in fact, has plenty of time to brighten up his faculties, which of late had become some what rusted. So that when the good lady who had thus strangely become his friend came to see him one day, he was looking his best; He was only thirty, and his past few weeks in clover enabled him to appear to considerable advantage. The widow was delighted, and thus the tale he had prepared for her ears was the more readily believed. Being a prompt, business-like woman, Mrs. Flammarian lost no time in letting Kuriston know the state of her feelings towards him. So she changed her name to Kuriston, and the world went well with the ' Old Eureka' man for some time. About this period a new barmaid made her appearance at the Prospectors' Arms, a well-known 'public house on a far distant goldfieldin the South-West. It was voted by the boys that she was a 'stunner.' They had never seen such a woman ; she was beautiful beyond any of their concep tions of beauty, and her figure was simply superb. The boss drank the new barmaid's health in champagne and retired early, his wife followed later on, having confined herself to Old Tom. The house was full of diggers and shearers, and they were all ' on ' for a glorification ; and as they filled up some of them became pot-valiant. But the new barmaid kept her head, and when one of those half drunken rowdies essayed to go behind the bar, the new barmaid pinned the inter loper's arms to his side and literally ' chucked ' him out into the road. After that there was no further trouble, and when closing time came she went to the door and quietly asked those who were not lodgers to go out, and those who were, to go to their rooms. They obeyed without a word. She shut the door, bolted and barred it, put the cash iu her pocket, and sat down in a rocking-chair in the bar parlor. And there she sat and mused : 'Well, here's a nice predicament for a poor, unsophisticated young woman to be in. It doesn't matter, anyhow ; the change will be a relief, and I really enjoy the fun. Hulloa ! What's this — a newspaper ? Yes, and not more than a week old. I'll read a bit, for I'm in no humor for bed. ' The Cup Dresses.' 'At the Governor's Ball ' — ' The Woman Question ' — ' Barmaids ' — that should be interesting, seeing I'm in the biz.—eh ? What' 8 this ? ' Queer Marriage in High Life. A Wealthy Widow Marries a Domain HabituS. Money versus Good Looks/ Sensational enough, truly. Now for.- details.' And the woman's eye ran rapidly down' the column until it came to this : — ' Mr. John Kuriston is now duly in stalled at Flammarian Hall as master, he having returned to town with his bride, late the Hon. Mrs. Flammarian, last night, from a short honeymoon in the vicinity of Lake George.' ' The new barmaid let a sibilant sound escape her lips, something between a hiss aafi a whistle. Lying back in the chair she shaded her eyes with her hand, and for a few minutes was perfectly still. Then she burst into a hearty laugh. 'Oh, John Kuriston, what has come over you? How could you be so foolish — not foolish to marry the wealthy widow— oh, n0 — but to let the fact get into print.' Not that I'll ever trouble him. Not a bit of it. But he has played into my hands, and I now hold both bowers and the joker ! I'll keep this bit of print ; it will be useful. Then Katherine Kuriston went to bed and slept the sleep of the well- satisfied. Five years had elapsed since John Kuriston placed the ring on Mrs. Flam marian's fat finger ; five years since Kate Kuriston' cleared the bar of the Prospectors' Arms, and sat in the rocking chair reading an account of her ' husband's ago that very night John Kuriston had virtually turned his wife into the street. It was away up in the West, on a newly opened goldfield where fortunes were being made in a few months. The hum of thou sands of voices was heard in the busy street ; public house bars streamed with light, champagne corks were popping, and .£1 notes were tossed about as if they were mere pipe-lights. In one of the principal hotels in the main street there were sounds of revelry— they proceeded from a long room wherein sat some 70 or 80 persons, at what was evidently a banquet. The room was ablaze with light, and the long table was loaded with the richest of viands, the choicest of drinks, and a remarkable looking woman sat at the head of the board. She was a woman in the prime of womanhood, beauti ful in feature, noble in stature, richly dressed, and evidently held in great esteem by all present, for they had just drunk her health in bumpers of champagne at a guinea a bottle. A gentleman near her was making a speech of a most lauda tory character, and there were ' hear, hears !' from everyone present. The feast was in honor of this* very remarkable woman. She had been one of the first on the field, and though known to be a single woman she never hesitated to visit any man's tent or hut if it was known to her that he was sick or distressed. ' She had befriended so many that her name was in every man's mouth, and woe to him who dared say one word to her disparagement. She was first in every movement for the welfare of the miners, the comfort of their wives and children. Schools, churches, theatres — it made no difference to her — had her heartiest support, and her purse was always open to assist any poor fellow who had no money to bottom his shaft. Two years before, while barmaid at a wayside hotel not far from this big town, which had sprung up almost like Aladdin's palace, this woman had won a big sweep — something over JJ20.000 — and being of a restless, energetic temperament, she had followed up the goldfields as a speculator, and had been wonderfully lueky. But no man envied her, for they all knew her worth. Such was the woman whose-health these seventy or eighty leading miners had just drunk with so much euthusiasm. Outside in the crowded street was a man whose face was a striking One — it might have been handsome had it riot been so careworn and dissipated. It was a' warm night, yet the man shivered, for -his clothes were in rags; and little else but whisky had passed his lips all. the day. Yet he was not drunk ; he was simply half-starved, miserable — a wretch who was despised and' shunned by the hearty, open-handed miners. - The fellow, was too well-known to be trusted ; he had been at first a spruce, well-got-up, dandified-looking fellow;., who eked out an existence .jab the billiard- saloons, and .as he became better known as check-taker at the1 theatre; finally lie 'shepherded' on one ofs the leads for two hours daily ? at a' shilling an hour, and filled in the rest of the day variously with a pack of much-worn cards and a few bright pennies. He was too lazy to work ; nobody would employ him, and the digger who gave him the few shillings a week for shepherding his share didn't know him, or he, too, might have looked out for another man. This man had heard of the woman whose praises were being sung in the hotel close by, but -had never seen her that he was aware of. The windows were open, and the fellow crouched low and listened, and though he heard no more mentioned he thought he heard a woman's voice wonder fully like that of someone he knew. The windows were high up, so that he could nob look in ; but his curiosity was excited and he, with what little strength he had, hoisted himself up by the window-sill, and, just for a moment, obtained a good look of I the whole length of the room. One face i only attracted his attention — it was the face of the woman at the head of the table, He dropped to the ground almost in a faint from the exertion. ' By God, it is she ! not changed a bit. Damn her ! ? Why, she must be well in, and here am I in rags. Curse the women! Only fancy that old hag dying and leaving everything to old Flammarian's daughter and her kids ! ' What a fdol I was riot 'to have backed some of the money she. gave me so lavishly when we were all right: Curse me for a fool! ' Curse everybody 1 But what is there to prevent me trying another coup ? Kate is my wife — she won't — she can't deny it ; and she knows nothing of my affair with Mother Flam maristn. ' Nothing venture nothing have. I'll try it. Curse the cough ! Why the devil, do coughs stick to people who can't pay for pate'nb nlediciries ? I can't — but, by God, I will be able to'do so'before long.' And he sneaked along under the windows to an open door at the rear. A tall, fine-looking man was speaking as the seedy-looking individual pushed past the waiters at the ends of the tables. The speaker was both fluent and eloquent, and every word he uttered in praise of the guest of the evening seemed to come from his heart. He was an earnest, masterful Bort of man, and from the glances he directed at the lady it was evident that there was something more than admiration in them. By this time the uninvited one had glided in a snake-like fashion nearly to the head of the table. The tall man stopped sneaking : ' Who is this fellow ? Why don't some one turn him out ?' ' Don't touch me. I dare you to do it. I defy you ! My name's Kuriston, and that woman is my wife, Kate Kuriston !' The tall, bearded man turned pale, while two or three m-m closed in on Kuriston as if to inflict summary punishment on him for telling what they believed to be a lie. But the wotnau interposed. She was smiling calmly, as she looked upon the angry faces of the diggers, now standing as if ready for action. 'Gentlemen, pray be seated. There is no need to be alarmed or excited. I am prepared for this gentleman,' and she em phasised the word. ' Kate Kuriston, you are my wife, and I demand of you respect and obedience, due to your lawful husband,' said Kuriston, in anything but a confident voice. ' See,' said Kate, holding up both hands, 'I wear no wedding ring; I wore one once, but it was hateful to me and I cast it into the fire, and when I did so I could have thrown the man who placed it on that finger. after it.' ' But you are my wife, Kate.' ?' You have no claim on me. ' Listen, John Kuriston, this document is my marriage certificate. See, I destroy it as I destroyed the wedding ring — by fire.' And she held it over the flame of a lamp until it was consumed. ' But that does not free you ! ' 'Hear me out, John Kuriston — your impatience will avail you nothing. Six years ago this very night you cast me into the street, homeless, penniless— hissing into my ears, 'Euchred!' The tide has turned, and now it is for me to pay you back in. your own coin. Don't be impatient — hear me like a man for a few minutes. Five years ago this newspaper cutting — see it ! — came into my hands ; in it I found a handful of trumps, and the time has come for tee to play them. Claim me as your wife and I , gaol you for bigamy ! Here, take this scrap of paper; it will explain all.' He took it .with nerveless fingers, glanced at it, and gathered that it gave particulars of his wedding with the rich widow. The paper dropped to the floor. He staggered towards the door, and the woman's pitiless voice rang loud in his ears j as he crossed the threshold. , 'I am practically a free' woman, and wealthy — and you, John Kuriston, are a foiled coward, and dare not touch me or my money. It has been a long game— it & finished j and you are— Euchred 1' -. 'You dare not touch me or my money I'' — See Story, ' Edchessd.' 