NOVEL. A Bachelor's Bridal By Mrs. H. Lovett Cameron. CHAPTER II - (Continued.) ' After, lunch,' continued Mr. Kirby, urbanely, waving those white hands which Bryant began to detest,—'after lunch we will transact our little business—at three o'clock precisely, in the library, Mr. Bryant,' —lifting a long finger at him to enforce the hour (upon his memory. 'Three o'clock ! Don't forget.—And you, my love,' turning to his ward, ' can, if you desire, be present at the consultation.' ' Will that suit you, Miss Fairfax?' in- quired, the solicitor, politely. Miss Fairfax, nibbled her toast in silence and bent her head very slightly in assent. Breakfast had been somewhat late, and as they rose from the table the church- bells be- gan to ring, Mr. Kirby threw open the French window that looked out on the lawn, and the sweet sound of the distant bells mingled harmoniously with the song of the birds in the garden without. As he stood there with his back to the room, Valentine was suddenly surprised by a soft touch upon his arm. He turned: Miss Fairfax stood close behind. She put her finger upon her lips and glanced at her guardian's back. ' Be there at a quarter before three,' she whispered, almost inaudibly. Mr. Kirby moved. In a second Enid was somewhere away at the other side of th table, looking over some newspapers that had come by the morning's post. Bryant was somehow convinced that Kirby had heard or guessed, the whispered words; and he felt horribly uncomfortable. The girl whom he had seen, before he left his room, performing curious gyrations in the solitude of the wood, and the girl who had whispered those few unexpected words in his ear, were one and the same person, and yet Enid Fairfax the heiress, whose whole mind was bent upon marrying James Kirby, seemed to be quite another person altogether. "Whence came this dual personality? ' Where is your son ?' inquired Bryant of his host as the little party of three set out to walk to church together through the bright pale April sunshine. 'He is away, I am sorry to say, Mr. Bryant. ' I much regret that I am unable to give myself the pleasure of introducing him to you, but unforseen business has sum- moned him from home for a few days.' 'I should have been glad to make Mr. James Kirby's acquaiutance,' replied Valen- tine, civilly: ' however,' with a smiling glance at the girl by his side, ' it is, I hope, only a pleasure deferred, is it not, Miss Fair- fax ?' Enid made no reply, and Bryant, whose business had taught him to be ob- servant, noticed that there was no conscious blush upon her face as he mentioned her lover's name. On the contrary, he fancied that she even became a shade paler than usual, and there was no mistake about the slight nervous com-- pression of her lips, as though some effort of inward self-restraint were taking place in her mind. Enid Fairfax began to interest him. The church, when they reached it, was small and primitive, the choir much as all country choirs are wont to be,—that is to say, somewhat tuneless and timeless,—and the congregation was entirely composed of rustics. The clergyman was old and his voice feeble. When the time for the lessons came, Mr. Kirby rose and walked into the reading-desk. He had a beautiful voice, clear and sweet, and he read the sacred words impressively and solemnly. Bryant thought he had never understood or ap- preciated the parable of the unjust steward, which happened to be the second lesson, so well before. By and by Mr. Kirby also handed the plate: he appeared to be church-warden, and to fulfil all duties of that position earnestly and effectively. All the same Enid sat, or stood, or knelt by his side, with a face of imperturbable gravity. She did not join audibly either in the prayers or the praises, and Bryant could not nelp fancying that her thoughts were far away. Perhaps she was dreaming of her absent lover. His own thoughts were wan- dering. These people among whom he had fallen excited his curiosity: he could not understand either the girl beside him or the man who was at that moment handing the collection-plate to him and at the same time joining fervently and devoutly in the hymn that was being sung. Was he a consummate hypocrite? or was he a pious and religious man, to whom Bryant was doing a great injustice? For the life of him he could not tell. On the way back to the house, and all through lunch, Bryant began to incline to the belief that Mr. Kirby was an excellent and upright man, much vexed in his mind by the vagariee of a turbulent and rebellious ward. Had he not said of her that she was obstinate and pig-headed?—what a horrible word, by the way, to apply to such a beauti- ful woman! He glanced at her across the table : 'pig-headed,' indeed: Why, her head was exquisite,—- Vandyke and Raphael combined. What a heresy,' what a sacrilege, to apply such an epithet to it! Still, he was forced to admit to himself that there was undoubtedly something in the determined silence of this girl, in her down- bent eyes and the firm hard lines of her mouth, that might be distinctly said to savor of obstinacy. 'Perhaps when I have seen a little more of her, I shall understand her better,' thought the clever lawyer, who hated to be balked by anything or anybody. 'I wonder what she has got to say to me privately at a quarter to three?' ' Now, Mr. Bryant,' said his host, as they rose from the table after lunch, it is half- past two: I give you half an hour before we meet in the library in which to digest your lunch. But before you go, have a glass of this brown sherry. It is something very special, and I should like you to taste it. Unfortunately, sherry is forbidden me by my doctor: but my son considers it very fine. I should like your opinion on it.' He poured out the sherry, and Bryant drank it. He said that it was excellent, because he did not very well know how to say anything else, but privately he did not like it. It was a strong, full- bodied, dark- colored wine, but there was an after-flavor about it that struck him as disagreeable. ' Will you join me in the garden with a cigar? inquired Mr. Kirby. 'Thanks, I never smoke till the evening. If you will allow me, I will go to my room to write a letter.' As he left the room by one door Mr. Kirby went out by another, and Bryant's eyes met Enid's. He read their meaning, and, after a few moments' delay in his room to make sure that his host had left the house for a stroll in the garden, he came downstairs again and went into the library. ' I will be there in good time,' he thought, with a certain vague tremor of excitement; but the room was empty, so he sat down in a comfortable-looking arm-chair to wait for her. And then and there a most curious and unusual thing happened to him. He became overpowered by an ever increasing sensation of numbness and of lassitude. For some moments he fought against it, but soon a delightful dreaminess stole all over his limbs and he struggled no longer to resist it. He seemed to be asleep, and yet not asleep, for all the time he was conscious of being still in the library, and he could see the table by which he was seated, with the books and papers upon it, and the flickering fire in the grate; yet everything seemed to be dim and far away, like objects that are seen through a fog. Then some one whose voice sounded faint and distant like the sound of muffled bells seemed to be speaking to him. ' I am the most wretched woman in the whole world!' murmured that voice, dimly. ' For God's sake rouse yourself and listen to me. I have no one on earth to help me. For pity's sake try and understand.' These sentences seemed to go brokenly for some time; then they died away into a sort of throbbing nothingness, and he heard them ; no longer. Absolute peace, and absolute silence. Then, after what might have been whole years of utter blankness, there came suddenly a rushing noise in his ears, and a tingling sensation in all his veins, then the jarring sound of laughter close beside him. He sat up in his chair. Mr. Kirby stood opposite to him, laughing heartily. ' Ha, ha, ha' Awake at last!' he cried, gayly. ' Good gracious! What has happened to me?" stammered Valentine, bewilderedly, passing his hands over his brow and eyes. ' Nothing at all. You have only had a beautiful doze, my dear sir, and I have been waiting quietly by for you to wake up.' 'Do you mean that I have been asleep ? Why, I never did such a thing as go to sleep in the middle of the day in my life before! It is impossible!' cried Bryant, with some excitement. 'It is the country air, no doubt,' answered Mr. Kirby. 'This is a very bracing place, and my friends often tell me that the air makes them sleep. Never mind, Mr. Bryant; pray do not apologize.' Bryant had not apologized, but he did so now heartily, smitten with self- reproach at his own stupidity. 'I am really ashamed of myself, Mr. Kirby. I cannot think what possessed me. Why,' glancing at the clock on the mantel-shelf, 'it is half-past three. I must have been asleep nearly an hour! It is unpardonable !' 'Indeed, it is really of no consequence at all, Mr. Bryant: pray say no more. I have been getting all the papers into order that I want you to go over them with me. ' It must be your excellent lunch that made me sleepy,' said Valentine; and then all at once he remembered the brown sherry, and a most uncomfortable thought entered his mind. ' Where is your ward?' he asked, turning towards the pile of papers on the table. ' Was she not to have been present at our interview ?' 'Oh, poor girl, she did come in, but she got tired of waiting for you to wake up. She wanted to get out for a walk this lovely afternoon, so I told her we could do very well without her; and so we can, Mr. Bryant, for, to my mind, women are always in the way when there is business to be done.' 'But Miss Fairfax particularly said that she wished to speak to me,' persisted Bryant, somewhat doggedly, for as his senses re- sumed their normal sharpness things began to assume a new aspect to him. ' Oh, I can tell you what she wanted : it was a question of pin-money. Ladies like a little spare cash to fling about. She wants a hundred a year or so, to play ducks and drakes with, independent of her trustee. I dare say we can manage that for her.' There was nothing left for Bryant to do but to address himself to business. He went into everything thoroughly, but, sift it as he would,—and he was determined to look sharply into the business,—he could discover no flaw in the management of Miss Fairfax's property. The schedules of her different investments were clearly and in- telligibly made out, and there was not a fault to find either with them or with the accounts, which had been most carefully kept. Miss Fairfax's money had been neither wasted nor squandered during her minority ; everything had been judiciously and advantageously arranged, so that her in- come had, if anything, increased during the last few years. Then Mr. Kirby showed him a copy of her late father's will, and they proceeded to dis- cuss the terms of the marriage settlements. It appeared that Miss Fairfax would be of age in three weeks' time, and that, accord- ing to her father's will, the day before she was twenty-one she would obtain, if still unmarried, the sole and entire control of her property ; but in the event of her marriage taking place previously to her attaining the age of twenty-one, her fortune was still to remain in trust in her guardian's hands. Bryant saw in this provision an element of possible danger, for if the marriage were to be hurried forward so as to take place be- fore her birthday, Enid would be entirely at the mercy of her sole trustee, who would retain a very considerable power over her fortune. But there seemed to be no question of any such haste: and in the very sensible and simple directions which Mr. Kirby proceeded to give him, he could not detect the re- motest intention of wronging his daughter- in-law. Mrs. James Kirby's money was to be tied up in the usual way : such and such investments were to be permitted, and others were to be debarred. All seemed perfectly straightforward. There was, indeed, one clause in the late Mr. Fairfax's will which troubled him somewhat: it was to the effect that if his daughter died without issue before her guardian, the whole of her fortune was to revert to him. ' It is a very remote contingency,' said Mr. Kirby, lightly; 'besides, of course, her husband will have under these proposed settlements a life interest: in her money. They are both very young and in all human probability they will both survive me. I only hope I shall live to see half a dozen grandchildren about the house ! It was merely an empty compliment to myself, which her poor father was anxious to pay me.' Bryant agreed that it was a very re- mote contingency, for, as Mr. Kirby rightly said, in all human probability such a clause would never come into effect. Bryant did not see Enid again until din- ner-time. He was to leave in the morning by the first train, so that he would have to make an early start. As at lunch, the beautiful girl sat silently by throughout the meal, scarcely joining in the conversation at all, and presently Bryant became seized with an overwhelming desire to exchange a few words with her. As she rose from the table she looked at him, and her eyes seemed, to his excited fancy, to be full of reproach and sadness. A few minutes later, regardless of his host, he rose and followed her into the drawing-room. She was standing on the hearth-rug, gazing absently into the fire. Bryant made a couple of quick strides to her side. He had left Mr. Kirby locking up the wine in the cellar- ette. It was now or never ; he had no time for flowers of speech and ceremony. 'I failed you to-day,' he said, in a rapid whis- per: 'you can't think how sorry l am. It was not my fault.' ' I knew you could not help it. It is all a piece with the rest,' she added, enigmatically and almost despondingly*' If I could only understand,—if you could only explain,' he said, in a puzzled way. The ghost of a smile played over her features : 'I tried to to-day, but you were past hearing me, and now the chance is gone.' And she glanced nervously towards the open door. Then he remembered the pleading voice in his dreams,—the voice which had entreated him to listen and to understand. Was it no dream-fancy, but a living reality, then? And it was Enid who had spoken this in vain? "With a passionate intensity born of the horrible feeling that he had been tricked and outwitted, he caught the slender hand that was hanging idly at her side, and pressed it earnestly. 'If I can serve you or help you, I entreat you to command me!' he said, almost breathlessly. She looked up at him swiftly; her whole face became lit up, her eyes shone, her lips smiled, there was hope and gladness in every radiant feature. 'Do you mean it, really, really? Will you be my friend? Promise it, quickly!' 'I promise it—I swear it, upon my honor!' he answerod, fervently. Her hand dropped out of his; her face re- sumed its normal pale and almost hopeless apathy; her eyes glanced beyond him to- wards the door. 'I will remember,' she said, almost in- audibly.' I may want a friend soon, very soon.' Then she crouched down and warmed her hands at the fire. At this moment Mr. Kirby joined them. 