TURF TOPICS. By Asmodecs. ' Tho Victorian Club has boon known to dis pense much more Bpioy bills of faro that that whioh Mr. Buoicloy and'liis confreres submitted for approval at Caulfield on Saturday. The meeting followed too closely in the wake of tho big carnival at Flomington ' to draw more tlian an ordinary attendance, and in tho absenco of any spoojal event pf importance in tho pro gramme, tho raoing did not elicit more than passing conoorn. Tlio card was sadly iii want of a piicc de resistance, for which a soiling race, and stocplpcliaso of two runners wero poor apologies. Unattractive as was tho prospootus, tho meeting is understood to have proved a success finanoially, tho takings being within d few pounds oi last -year's returns. Tlio Vio- torian Club is suoh . a thriving institution- that it would not bo accepting a risk wero it to elaborate its future programmes to an extent which would tend to enhance its prestigo and further increnso tho popularity of tho periodical trysts held under itsauspiees; Four of tho half dozen events decided on Saturday wore of a ono sided character, tho opening contest being one of thorn. The Don, who carried Mr. H. Hawkins's colors for the first timo, threatened at tlio commencement of tlio betting for tho Flying Handicap to disputo tho favoritoship with .Telegraph, but the' Sydnoy horso had most frioudB in the end, and scarcoly over permitted tho issue to remain in doubt, winning in the easiest, possible manner .from Tho Don, who was only a modosfato second. "Tolo- grapli lias oompilod a yorji neat score' elites, cljii arrival in this colony, a'd 'is evidently a very useful horse. Tho oppositiim to ,JJi tbs Hurdle Race. was of, .tho-mudest 'doBoriptio.ii): and, like' the provious!'favonep hp .pxporiTOtf no difficulty in winning at'diis icilurb,- f, Soventy sovereigns was but a paltry prizo for suoli a high sounding' affair aB the Viotorian Club Cup, and tho;,fiqld of seven whioh was attracted to tho post proved more than worthy of the stako. Excol, whoso partiality for tho Caulfiold conrso lios froquontly boon oxompli- fiod, was awarded preforonoo bvor I'roston and tho other competitors,- hut his backers woro any thing but pleased with the position ho hold during the first flv6 furlongs of tho journey. Ho thon moved up a bit, although his prospects of overtaking Bean Brummol and 'subsequently Ilium wore anything but onoouraging. Beau Brummol looked like running away with the race at tho homo turn, but ho compounded at tho dietanco and was passed by Ilium, who appeared uncommonly liko a winner despite Excel's efforts to got on tormB. Tho latter was vigorously ridden by Holmos, who, by dint of persovcraneo and shoor determination, just got up in tho vory last strido and snatohed tho victory from Ilium by a short head, the finish bbing a wonderfully good ono.. By this meri torious perfovnianco Excel onco more demonstrated tho potonoy of the old turf axiom, " Horses for conrseB." Preston and Kobold wore the two disappointments of the raco. Tho former, was ono of tho first to hang, out signals of distress, ho having shot his holt three fur longs from homo. Kobold was a strong tip in many parts of tho ring, hut ho ran wrotohedly, anil it has boon wisely decided to turn him out for a spoil. Kobold lias novor dono anything sinoo ho put down Newhavon in tho Normanby Stakes, arid however, lie camo to defeat tho ohampion.at a diflerorioe of ' 15 lb. 1 will always bo a Bubjoot for wonderment. Tlio 'Stoo'ploohaso -.was' = nothing: short of a fiasco, Binco only two of tho seven horses on tho oard. faoed' tlio flag. .Thighs, another oloquont argument in favor Of-'whlojMasoiji' tqyTrtfljple. chasing, tho'absoneof :wliioh"'is"a'' blaokspbtsin connection with .tfiio ptlierwiBO oxceJlontscojjiR- tiona wMohrogiilatojxhottiui'thturf m tlus oolony. When \vill tljo ' V.R.O. movo,-i-tjiiB highlyimpoitant,-ihqtir'7->Swih-;on7.'exhUiItion as - that wltnossod ytni triirSay/foirmod a sad ;traveaty on Viotorian 'Btoepleiliasltig,' but it is feared tlmt similar builcsquos will follow during tho ensuing; sunimor unio'es tho govorning . body will talco suoh notion as will, bring about, tho muoh dosirod oloso seaaou for tho ovorworkod 'and: iniiolv abused:' jumppre." Tho "bonsooutivo viotoriesbf tlireo favorites in Tolegraph, Tortius and Excol did'.not detor tho ring from nooopting .the-odds of 2. to 1 offered on Whito Wings,; with tho result that anothor favorito got liomo. Tho Taamaniair mrire, : although; not thoroughly, ready initho.mattor pf;bbnditlon, jumped ,l»or fonoos - in olover styieXwhiioh- : ' was more - than O.K. was oapablo of- doing J tho lastnamed .will rpquirba'lbt of praotioe' -boforo ho becomes au fait oi or tho higfonqesl Tho Soiling Raoo.vof four runnors, brought about tho .much desired ohangc sought by tho motiilliciaus, and thoso of tlioir number who acoopted tlio odds offered on Grand Brig and fielded against Bay Ronald, had a much appreciated win whon Dowry turned up trumpi. . Tiio victory was of almost, unexpected ordor, nobody baing moro surprised than tho followers of tho St. Sidwells stable, who for tho most ' part laid tho odds on Grand Brig. It was a ca30 of Trentina ' and the Moonoo Valley Purso' opisodo over again, Dowry, liko lior stable companion, having dono no work preparatory to saddling up on Saturday. Both those marcs, it i3 ovident, run; hotter un trained than otherwise, still no ownor or trainor would bo inclined to back any animal in the full knowlodgo of the fact that it had not visited a training-track for a fortnight prior to contest ing n raoo. The Sydney marc, Windfall,' for whom the " heads " had been on tho qui vivc ever sinco lior arrival from Randwick, was re garded in tho light of a mrrt avis for tho con cluding event in Saturday's programme, and backed accordingly, as little as 3 to 2 being aceoptod in a field of 12. Had tho distance beou fivo furlongs instead of six tho favorito would have won, but as matters eventuated Windfall collapsed about 200 yards from . homo, where Oulzean placed himsolf in evidonoo, and carrying tho maximum impost of 11 st. 4 lb: gallnntly to the end ho wore down tho lightly weighted Trondle and Robin, who suocoodod in squoezing thomselvcs into the two placos. Tlius terminatad a rather uninteresting afternoon sport. Aftor tho storm coinos tlip .proverbial calm, and ovor sinco tlio_ tbrntirintion .'of the "spring campaign at Flemiugboq' -.'mrittorfl' ripp'eriniiiing to tho turf havo tpned'.down into coinpararivoi quietude.- It is onfyfin WocalaAdo iwjth jtlioi natural order of tuiqgk.that sucli . is tho _ case j high pressure wbb the brdey-during-/tiior spring moetings at Caulfiold ririd'..Floiriingtbri,' jaiid'the temporary cessation of hostilities' Is alike wel come to bipeds and quadrupeds who are identified with the national pastime. . There arc, nevertheless, several events in the racing calondar which will tend to relievo tho monotony of tho dull period whioh invariably intervenes between tho V.R.C. carnival and the end of the year, by which timo a revival of in terest will havo taken place in the higher class of sport usually provided at Canlfleld arid Flom ington. - Meanwhile there will bo no dearth of raoing, and thoso who desire a change from ordinary faro, purveyed on suburban courses will not want for tlio opportunity of regaling their appetites at the cxpehBe of somo of tho country clubs. Next week, for inBtenco, will oommenoo tho annual tour of what may bo appropriately tormod tlio "provincial fortnight," tho scene of operations oxtonding to Bendigo, Kynotori and Ballarat. Of lato years there has been a marked revival of interest in raoing at tho firstnamed placo, and judging by tho splendid suoooss re corded at Quartzzopolis last spring, tho ioading spirits of tho Jookoy Club can oonfidonly look forward to another good "meeting. 1 Mr. Hem- ,'ming, tho popular secretary, has tho happy knaok.of providing for visitors, to Epsom in a manner whioh is duly appreciated, and one always looks, forward with pleasure to the annual visit to Bondigo. Mobourno raco gowors liava long sinco regarded it as ono of tho provincial treats of each' Biiooeoding sea son, and there will doubtless bo tlio customary imposing eontingont of metropolitan sportsmen who will find it convenient to undortako tho trip noxt week, and also " do" Kyneton oil the homoward journey. Handicaps of tho description known as flatter ing are provorbially popular with provincial clubs, in tho beliof that thoy are moro'likoly to attract larger fields than woro tho weights framed in tho ordinaiy fashion. Paridoring to local prooliviticB in this bearing, Mr. IV. E. Dakin has caBt tho Bendigo handicaps in a particularly flattering aBpcct ; and it is to ho hoped tho dosirod result will bo obtained in roBpcct to tho fields which will disport them- sclvos at Quartzopohs on Wednesday and Thursday noxt. As tho accoptnnccs are not duo until Monday, considorablo uncertainty is inevitably nttachcd to tho personnel of tho teams whioh are likoly to do -battio. Tho following nro tho horses who may poBsibly succocd in assorting themselves on tho opening day -— : TELEGRAPH STAKES. . Fivo furlongs. ' Vioount or Beau Bevys ... 1 EunitASUitE ... ... ... 2 Kino Autiiur ... .... ... : 3 HURDLE RACE. Ono mile and a half. . , Eablston or Biaoiioi'-i' ... ... I- Realoah ..; ... ... ... 2.. - . Stamford . ... : 3 - SANDHURST CUP. . Ono milo and a quarter. CANOONAlor Homespun, ... .;. 1 . Kallara ... ... ; ... 2 , . WOLF.-... ..-T — — 3 " MINERS' FLAT RACE. Six- furlongs. YISOODNT ... .... ... 1 GLENKKN . ... ... ... ... 2 YAORANT - ... 3 ' "SELLING HUflDLE RACE- : . Ono mile and a half. - . . The Spaniard or Bisoiioff. WATSON PLATE. Onomilo.' . - . .Kallara . ... 1 Cohort... ...' ... " ... ,2.- . Botany Bay-... . . r... ... 3 . I will bo bottor able to deal .witli' tho sooond day's ovonts ' after- -witnossing : AVodnosday-'s racing. . . .v. -v Foremost among the- leading/. turf .-reformers and administrators in England is Lord Durham, who lias porhapB dono more to purify the sport tlmn any otlior meinhor -of tho Jookoy Club. His lordship made himsolf famouB for all timo by his "couragoous oxposuro , of Sir Goorgo Ghotwynd's methods of running' lnshorBos and liis relationship with tlio jookoy Charloa .AVoodB, 1 whoso pcrpotual bamshmontvwas ono of tlio osults of Lord Durham's spirited crusade. The handicapping question is now receiving his lord- "hip's attention. A groat deal of dissatisfaction has recently boon expressed with Bomo of tho handicaps whioh-hSV6 hmnrma.de, arid a leading writer, imrtHumg;.to:tho:iubjootj., cays Wo certain ft liave ' heori favored .yitl\ some very, eccentrispccipmns (Of tU(Ul'iiet(ltf ip-t of bring ing ' horses . tbginlo?.'-"' teatf onffiiy -Understand two hamlitappars difforing..vor'»videly with regard to-tiic rOSpe'tffvo' i.in'oi'itsjof' two animals, - though 18 or "1 ll-lbfloouis - 0 very big variation indeed ; hut what nro wo to think wlion tho same thing, ooorirs, as it has done moro' than onco of lato, in two handicaps over- tho same . distanco of ground, and ostensibly' mado by, tho samo man? Thoro - is, to my mind, only ono foasible explanation — that in the caso of -oner of tho laces fcho official handicappcr has employed a' ' - 'ghost,' and has omitted to look ovor and revise . his deputy's work. This certainly should not be, and if, as appears vory possible, -the work' of handicapping is . becoming . too heavy for this . presont staff of licensed officials,- it. Would' surely not ' bo difficult to supplement that staff by as. many iriore competent men' as are required." ' . . It is repeated complaints of this kind which have inducod Lord Durham to. bring 1 tho 'matter under the notico of tho Jockoy Club, witli. a view of instituting a hotter state of affairs.: Guilty as Australian handicappcrs may occa sionally. ho of minor disorojiancios, it says much- for tho euro and diligenco with which the work is done horo to know that such huge bluudors-as' that rolatod by our English contemporary ha've- as yot novor boon porpotrated, and, wo liopo, novor will. No matter liow careful, competent or painstaking a liandicappor may be, slight ' irregularities will at timos creep into his work,' and at best a handicapporis lot is admittedly tho most thankless and least enviable in connection with the turf. But according to all accounts; Major Egorton aud the rest of tho Jockey Club handicappors havo only themselves to blame for the presont agitation in favor of a revision.of tho system now. in voguo. Tho exact uaturo ;of Lord Durham's proposals for remedying the pro- vailing condition of affaire has not . been divulged, but it is understood that some impor tant innovations will emanate as a result of tho Jookoy Club's deliberations. In the suggos-. ' tions which aro. expected to issue from the govorning body, it is to bo liopod something, dofmito will bo laid down in respect to tho han dicapping of maidens, especially in 2-y oar-old races. At present this branoh of handicapping' is done iri a vorv norfunctorv manner, var vine. according to tho individual ideas of tho several . weight adjusters. In England it is not uncom mon to soo maidori 2-year-olds placed at tho top of the list to oommonce with, but ho Australian. , handicappcr has ovor boon known to follow this ; course. If they orr in thoir treatment of 2-year- ' olds, it is rathor on tho side of llenicncy than otherwise, and eases have occurred this senson in which big risks havo been accepted by treating with undue olomenoy maiden horses submitted to liuudicappers for tlio first time, 'l'horo ought to bo somo fixed rule in regard to thoso horses. "Dark horsos" ought alivaj's to be treatod as good ones until such timo as a- handicappcr satisfies himsolf of. thoir capabilities, when ho' can ro-adjust" their iriiposta ; "accordingly. To turn looso in a raco a horse who may bo .a smasher is mariifostly ; moro unfair to owners of tho other competitors than to give tho " un- , known" a weight liooiinnot win with. Tho fol-, lowing/ nrc: tho'namoB. of tlio members of tho Jookoy Club elected to not on tlio committoo that lias been appointed at tho instance of Lord Burham to consider tho question of handicap- , ping, arid to report what changes in tlio present system are dosirabie Lord Durham, Lord Suffolk, Mr. L. do Rothschild, Sir. D. Cooper (formorly of Sydney) arid Princo Soltykoif. \- 'Tho Williamstown Cup wirinor, Slcrman, has been sold at a satisfactory figure to go to Eng land. - Tho ealo of Sir. JU'ilaon's horso lias boon affected througlrSIcssrs. AY; C. Yuillo and Co. on this oid j and Mr.. Allison (tlio. London Sjmrts- man's Spcoiah Commissioner) in Eilglanll. Tlio latter, wlia-is/an acdoftfil'ifiontij on jirocdnig m thoo14 country,' ll All long aud-vpcroiatontly imprcssedv-npOn -Englwh-hreeclers ..tllo value of tlio stout Australiamtliornrighhre'd. AsSIorman, by tho unbeaten Grand Flaneur— -Seaweed, is jiorfccUy sound, and lias recently shown in tho most practical manner that ho has long been an underrated horso, ho will doubtless arouso somo keen competition if sent into tha salo ring in England- It is intended to ship tho horso by. tho steamor Aberdeen on 3rd Decombor, in. chargo of ono of. tho St. Albans stablemen. Sfessrs. Yuillo and Co. havo also solil for Mr. AViLson to Sir. Goorgo Gray, of Perth, AYost Australia, a yearling colt by Bill of Portland- Lady Oarbmo, and a yearling filly -by tho samo Bire from Coin. . : 